Scar joneS
Kelly Mitchell
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 Kelly Mitchell


Other Titles by this Author
Wildcard (Wildspace book 1 - Free limited time)
Song of Solomon (Wildspace book 2)
Tara Born of Tears
The Photograph


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support



Table of Contents
Part I
Patch
Auditions
First mission
Bonfire
Troll
blog live
Coffee and Pi
The stunt
recruit
Press conference
Poverty
Griefer
Atgo Erzo
Part II
skin meeting
misanthrope
cell phone
higher mind has been stolen
Swimming
Vandalism
Cause and effect
Fins & Spinners
death gift
Ravage
Corporate War
Activist
Candy
Open Season
Part III
Definitions
Badger
Empty-N
morgue
yellow widow
Squarehead
On Scar
defense
Leaning on justice
hole
Summoning
Trial by knife
waste reclamation
Mouthpiece
Gilbey’s
class action
Budweiser commercial
Part IV
IBM
Ikea
Hilton
Piggly Wiggly
eat a bullet
Miscarriage
Internal Hammer
word blaming
First time on a plane
the trunk
meet me at Boston Commons
short and brown
shadow botnet
katana
Methamphetamine and Vodka
Part V
Reboot
misjudgment
Heavy hack
Defy
Top 10
Epilogue

Other Books
Excerpt Tara Born of Tears
About the Author


Part I

Author's note - Thanks for giving ole' Scar a try. This is an experimental comic urban fantasy. It's pretty unconventional compared to my other stuff, but it's (hopefully) a really fun read. If you don't like it, it doesn't mean you won't like my other books - or vice versa. Enjoy.
Patch
A creep sort of float-walked across the coffee shop to Scar’s table and sat down.  His head never moved from looking at Scar.  He was wearing them dark sunglasses like that jerk in his underwear and socks sliding around on TV all the time.  His baseball cap was whiter’n Tinkerbell’s butt and his teeth were black and white like a checkerboard.
“Too fucked up for this black man.  Get your Czechsylvania ass away from me.”
He sat and Scar couldn’t let him show him up.  “Fine, but palms on the flat.”  It put its hands on the table.  Ten rings of dull grey, fingers just a jerking all around.
He pinned a waitress with his index.  “Hey, java bunny.  Two.  Black.”  They sat not talking till she came back and gave ‘em each a mug and he had to grab the other one and tell her not to give his hot beverage away to no one never.
“Two coffees?  That’s silly.”
He didn’t look at her.  “Silly is the new cool.”
She left.  Him with his two coffees and this white thing with its bugfuck teeth.
“Who are you?”
“I am Entropy.”
“Won’t remember it.  I ain’t got no memory; I forget pretty much everything in about ten, fifteen seconds.”
“I know.  I know about you, Scar.”
“Stop moving your fingers, bloodsucker.”
The vampire’s head twitched, and they stopped, except for the little ‘un.  
“Quit doing that with your baby.”  Scar slammed his fist down on the wiggly thing and it cracked and made mister creep show draw in his breath real fast.  It whipped its shoulder in some undead way and pulled the hand out.  The pinkie was fine.
“Awesome trick.  Now stop wiggling it ‘fore I cut it off.”
“I’ll keep it under the table.”
“No, you won’t.”
It cleared its throat.  
“Keep ‘em on the table - keep ‘em still, or give one of them rings to me and do what you want.”
A ring hit him hard in the nose and he never saw the skinny varmint move.  Scar let it drop at the table and ole’ blackteeth reached out and caught it ‘fore it hit and Scar said, “I pick it.”
“Please do.”  
He pointed at the little finger that wasn’t twitching before.  “That’n.”
It slid its hand down its other hand covering all the rings at the same time and something clinked on the table underneath ‘em and when he pulled it past the baby finger didn’t have no ring no more.
“Take your prize, may it serve you well.”
Scar touched it.  It was the one he picked.  It was for protection, he sensed it, the other rings did other shit that Scar didn’t give a rat’s ass about and couldn’t figure out.  This thing would make him invincible, he knew it.  He didn’t care, too much, though, as long as it did something.  Scar hated getting bored.
He hung it fancy in that groovy switch loop on that leather string around his neck.  It locked.  He loved it.
“Honest man, huh?  I still don’t like you.”
“Nor I you to put it plain.”
Scar kicked out a quick belch.  “That’s ‘cause you’re afraid of me, don’t it?”
“Naming fear is not so simple.  One is never quite correct.”
He might have to let some spittle fly onto this dude.  People hated that; they got away fast.  He leaned forward.  “You think I’m trash, don’t you, vampire?”
Four or five flecks hit the freak and he didn’t move.  He licked off the one that landed on his lip.  “I’m not a vampire.  You’re a schizophrenic.”
Crap sandwich.  “Naming fear’s hard?  Is that what you said?”
“What I say matters not at all.  It is what I do that proves what I mean.”
“I see your point on that.  What do you want?”
“I wish you to become another.  It will not be easy.”
“Bullsticks.  I change my name every day.”
“Beneath those lies, you believe you are Scar Jones, but this new lie goes beneath that, erasing the old.”
“I don’t think that way.”
“You will.”
“You’re afraid of me, I know it.”
“Not yet.  One day, perhaps.  You must remember who you are.”
“I can’t remember nothing.  I won’t know this happened in five minutes.”
“I don’t mean in that way.  You’ve been wandering, wasting your gift.  Or forgetting it.  You’re lost to who you really are.”
Something was tingling right about this freak-o’s little speech.  “What the fuck are you talking at?  You making some sense oughtta happen about now, don’t it?”
“You skipped out on your mission, soldier.  I’m here to call you back.”
Scar liked hearing it, it made him feel like he was somebody important instead of a no-good bum.  They talked a while about what he was supposed to remember.  That dude said a bunch of stuff about his instincts and intuition and what not.  How Scar had a new gift never been done before.  Something in the mind, but not the thinking mind, the feeling mind.
“A spirit gift!” Everybody turned and looked.  Scar told ‘em to start back on their own business, his spirit gift didn’t have nothing about them to do with it.  That freak talked about non-logical discernment and extra sensitive perceptivity and how Scar had ‘em in ways and quantity nobody never had in history ‘cause of some special process.  As if Scar didn’t already know he had that stuff, but the undead freak told him he had to do something with it.  He had to turn it at understanding, see what needed doing in the big scheme.  Apparently, Scar had a job to do, but he weren’t too specific.  He said it was terrible important, though, but stayed real vague on the details.  
He had Scar interested, ‘cause he knew he’d always been born to do something worth doing.  He’d just been waiting.  “All right.  Maybe we oughtta start her up.  What’s our game?”
“You must learn to use your other senses, Scar.”
One of its hands slid at Scar, its fingernail got longer and it cut Scar a bit on the cheek and he came around, his eye was fucked out and his face had a tip of blood and all them sissy girls at the java place were screaming and he yelled “Shut up,” to ‘em and said he’d handle it, it was his problem.
“Now you fit the name.”
“I already did.”  Scar was mad now.  It hurt something funny, but he wasn’t going to show the thing it bothered him at all.  He was gonna wait and get that rubber fucker back when it looked away or something.  It was too fast to jump it cold.  Scar didn’t think he’d win that fight, so he tucked in low to play it like he was all right.  Just like he was.
“Wear this against the pain.”  Some black thing shot out off its fingers like a magic trick and hit Scar in the screwed eye and it felt gooder’n the pink and it was gone.  He wanted to yell, but he stopped to figure some stuff out.  If he fought this thing, he’d have to keep on fighting it till one of ‘em was dead, ‘cause that’s the man Scar was.  But if he played some game with it, made it think it was tricking him when he was tricking it, he might get a supply of that drug it buzzed him on for a second.
“Gimme more.”  Scar slammed his hand down on the thing’s boniness.  
It rolled under his grip.  “Take it.”  The fingernails slid along his arm as the claw opened.  It was an eyepatch and Scar put it on and it felt good as a high dollar whore and he bet it looked good, too.  It might be worth an eye, but he still didn’t like that fucking thing that gave it to him.  It kept its hands apart.  A weakness; he’d get the neck-puppet, someday, because of that.
He grabbed the other hand.  “Gimme the real one.”
“That is the real one.  Take it or suffer without.”
Scar leaned back.  “I’ll take it.”  
“It is my tribute to you.  I respect you, Scar.”
It kept talking.  Scar just floated in the bliss and ignored it, but it had some voice thing that wouldn’t let Scar not hear, so he had to listen, but he felt so good it didn’t make a fuck.
“You’re not an amateur, but you must awaken.  Now is your time, Scar Jones.”
“All right-y.”  He sat up.  “What do you think I oughta do?”  He punched his fist sharply onto the table.  He felt good and he wanted some coochie dough baby to slip into.  He reached in his pants and grabbed his balls.
“Don’t do that anymore.  No sex, no masturbation.  It will rob your power.”
Scar looked at the blondy-doll against the back wall of the coffee shop.  The thing was right.  Scar swore never to jerk off again, but he wasn’t going to swear away from the pink.  He’d hold off for a while, though.  Sweetmeat.  He tried to smack the batfuck, but it jerked away real fast and said, “Dammit, don’t ever do that.  You would die if I were taken unaware.”
“Maybe I don’t care if I die.”
The thing focused on the patch.  “Calm yourself.”  Scar felt better and sat down.  “I suppose I must keep a watch on you.  You seem immune to Pavlov’s law.”
“Don’t you?”
“Perhaps, I am uncertain.”
“What if I yanked you from out of that world you’re always looking into?”
“The internet.”
“I don’t call it that.”
“What, then?”
“Anything but that.”  Scar decided never to use that word again.
“Call it triple-w if you run out of alternates.”
“Maybe, probably not.  What’s it mean?”
“It makes no difference.”
Scar gave him the rude eye.  “What do you want in exchange for this happy patch?”
“Do as you wish.  Become who you are.”
“I’m just gonna keep on not giving a shit like I always done.  Only now I get to feel good all the time.”
“You will be much better at that now, and I already saw it in you.”
“How?”  Weird, this guy checking his thoughts.  He didn’t like that.
“Let the bliss guide you.  Do not guess, but know without words.”
“Maybe, maybe not.  Scar Jones ain’t the slave of no man.  I’m freer than most.”
“Debatable.  You have an illness in your mind.  You’re manic.”
Piss on this jerk-knee.  He didn’t know shit and Scar told him so.
“Exactly, and why?  There’s nothing to know.  We’ve passed that point, but people don’t understand it.  Tell them.  You are my prophet, Scar Jones.”
Prophet, might be fun.  Scar nodded.  “Nope.  I ain’t a religious man.”
“Think of it is a messenger.”
“What’s the message?”
“I can’t give you that.  Find your own; that’s why I chose you.  This is not yet written, Scar.  We create history.”
That sounded about right.  He had some important stuff to tell people if they wasn’t too stupid to listen.
Auditions

Scar woke up in some alley with people stepping over him and he had to take a dump pretty bad, so he got in the line.  Them people was slow, but he hadn’t seen no better place to go, so he waited instead of losing his place.  Then he went out onto a stage and lights was shining in his eyes.
Nobody said nothing, so he didn’t neither.  Finally, a fable-man in the shadows asked his name and he told him, then he asked if he was an actor and wanted to do something called improv, but Scar didn’t know what it was, so he couldn’t.  There was a woman hid with him and they said there was a job for him and Scar thought it might of been his fate to be in that line, like it was supposed to be his job.  He figured he could do it, whatever it was, if he could find out and remember what improv was.  They said the job didn’t need no improv, though, so that was good.  The jerk asked if he had heard about the ad in the paper or where.
Scar wanted to see this mystery twit, but he was hiding in the dark.  He put a hand over his eyes.  “No, I was probably sleeping in the alley and these people woke me up.  I thought I might score lunch.  Or at least be able to take a shit on a real throne.  I saw these people on-stage and thought ‘what the hell, I’m already in line.’  You want me to take off?”
“NO!  Please don’t.”  
Was this dude a homo, or what?  
“Whaddya want me to say?”  Scar sucked snot into his throat, hacked it up, then swallowed.
“Tell us about yourself.”
Fuck this guy; he thought he was in some old myth.  “Not much to say.  I was born in Hell’s Kitchen, on a kitchen floor.  In the big apple.”
“Hell’s Kitchen,” the guy said to him, then, to the invisible woman next to him, “I’m gonna cum.”
“Are you a faggot?”
“Do you have a problem with that?
“Kinda.”
“Why?”
“Raised on the fucking bayou of the Lone Star state.  Ain’t my fault.”
“Texas doesn’t have a…”  
Scar bent over a’ laughing and slapping his knee.  “You fell for that ‘un.”  It quit being funny, so he moved on.
“You just said you were from Hell’s Kitchen, now you’re from Texas?”
“Fuck, is it still a free country?  Last, I heard, a mother fucker could be from two different places.”
“No, that’s great…that’s real great, actually.  You definitely have a Texas accent.  When did you come here?”
“Can’t remember, some while back, I’m guessing.  Where we at, anyway?  I just wandered around living in boxcars till I found myself on up here.”
“How’d you end up here?”
“I just told you, man, in a boxcar.”
“Right, sorry about that.  How’d you lose that eye?”
“Eye?”  Scar touched his patch.  “Oh, yeah.  Poker game.  I must of been cheating.”  It was probably true, but he couldn’t remember for sure.  “Oh, wait, no.  I don’t play poker.  I was probably rolling bones.”
“Bones?”
“Yeah, them little white rectangles with dots on ‘em.”  Scar held his hands in a demonstration rectangle to help out.  “I can’t know for sure the real name on account of I got a kind of condition what interferes with my talking.  Bones, you know.”
“Dominoes.”
“If you say so.  They’re bones to me.  What were we talking about?”
“How you lost your eye.”
He lost his eye?  Oh, yeah.  He touched the patch.  “Must have been banging some dude’s wife.  He probably got the drop on me.” 
“All right, perfect.  You get the part on one condition.  We take out your two front teeth.”
But Scar liked his teeth.  “What?”
“What?” that sorcery woman next on him said.
The dude whispered at her.  “I just thought it up.  Play along.”
“I don’t know.  It’s a bit-”
“I can hear what you’re saying.”
“I don’t care, Mister Jones.”
He hated that.  “It’s Scar.”
“C’mon,” the dude said to her, “he’s perfect.  He’s a black, one-eyed version of me turned to eleven.”
“Eleven?”
“Full volume.”
“Isn’t that ten?”
“Do you still love me?”
Her hands started waving around.  “OK, I can tell you’re gonna…,” she waved ‘em again. “look, just do it.”
Scar boxed his fingers around his face and peered from the shadows.  “Pull my teeth?  You’re joking, hoss.  Can’t I just black ‘em out?  I’m still using ‘em.”
“No.  But after this, you’ll be famous, I promise.  And it pays a hundred bucks a week.”
“I’m an actor.”
“Does that means ‘No?’”
“No, it means hand over the fucking pliers,” Scar yelled.  “Let’s get ‘er done, now.”  Scar liked talking too loud.  He liked the way people acted afterwards.  They usually looked scared and he thought it was funnier ’n hell.
Now this myth-man.  What the fuck was his trip?
“What do you want me to do, jackass?  We gonna yank these things, or what?  ‘Cause if you got the painkillers, it’s a on deal.  JERK ‘EM NOW, ‘fore my brain switches gears.”
“We’ll get you great painkillers, but later, okay?  First, I want-”
“No, before the word later.  Pretend you didn’t say that.  It’s never or now, Mister dead world.”
“Mister dead world?  What does-”
She handed the dude something, sounded like keys.  “Believe it or not, on the front seat.  Needle mouth.”
“Needle nose.”
“Really, are you sure?”
“Uh - am I the man?”
“Okay, you’re right, fine.  Just hurry, if you really want this- this guy will bolt, I swear to you.”
Ole’ chicken balls went outside and came back, then handed some little tabs to Scar with the pliers.  “Your drugs.”
Scar ate ‘em.  “No, they don’t, they’re candy.  Don’t try and trick me no more.”  Scar looked him from his head to his stupid feet, then back up.  “You’re hiring me for something, don’t you?”
His eyes went wide and he nodded, all slow and serious like he was saying something without no words.  What a dipshit.  “What do I do, then?  What’s my job?”
Boy legend looked into the corner, then back at Scar.  “Together we decide.  Pick a word.”
Scar nodded.  “Crazy-”
“-wisdom.  Wrathful-” 
“-Action.”  Like a movie star director.  
“Crazy wisdom, wrathful action,” the dude said.  
Scar stepped back.  This was different, and it twisted on him, nervous even, but after a second he liked it, a lot.  Made his balls tingle.  He felt like there was more light in the room or like he was lit up.  He gave a special smile from one side of his mouth.  “I can do that, mister mythology.”
“What?”  The skinny rutter had a pair of pliers.  “Why did you call-“  
“What are them for?”
“To take out your front teeth.”
He tried to hand ‘em over, but Scar didn’t move.  “You want ‘em out, you take ‘em out.”
The dude looked at the pliers.  “I can’t.”
Scar could tell the wiener balls didn’t mean it.  He was seeing how far Scar’d go, so he thought he’d teach a little lesson.  He grabbed the pliers.  “I gotta do it myself?  I’m gonna need hard liquor for that.  Just fooling.”  
He put ‘em on his tooth smiling and the ole’ mush-brains hollered “Stop!” just like Scar knew he was a gonna do. “I was just seeing how far you’d go.”
“Trust me,” Scar said, “you don’t want to see that.”


First mission 
That lazy dude what gave him that job had a bright green backpack with a big rip in it and Scar saw a book in there, so he stole it.  They seen him, but he didn’t care none.
“Keep it.”
“I was already going to.  I stole it fair and square.”  
“Read it, it’s part of your job.”
“Hell, yeah.  I stole it.  What else you think?”
It was called the Tipping Point and the nut-job looked happy Scar was going to read it.  They told Scar to wander around telling people he was someone called Goat and give ‘em a little business card with some shit writ on it.  He didn’t look at the card ‘cause it didn’t match his reading rules.
“I was gonna ask for that job,” he said.  A hundred bucks a week, so it was worth it.  He had train tickets to the next place.  Each week, he was some new bum-fuck location and each week he picked up his hundred and a train ticket and more of them little cards at the money place by the train station.  A franklin a week, but it was gone by the time he woke up the first time in each new town.  He never knew how, he just did stuff and it was gone.  He hung on till Friday, then moved on with a new hundred.
Every time it was the same instructions “tell people your name is Goat, hand out the cards, and do whatever you normally do.”  He liked to hang out at coffee shops during the day and talk to college kids about quantum physics and politics and the like.  He loved talking about the elevator to space he’d read about, so he told people it was real, even though maybe it was just possible real, but not really real yet.  They’d build it, but it didn’t matter ‘cause the thing he liked best was when people thought he was crazy and they all did that.  Even those nutsacs who hired him to be Goat or pig or whatever it was.
He never remembered nothing, so he didn’t say it too much, but then somebody found him and asked him why he wasn’t doing his job.  What job, he asked him.  The dude told him he was supposed to be telling people his name was Goat and giving out cards, then handed him a piece of paper that told him to do it for money. 
He saw the piece of paper when he was paying for his coffee.  “My name is Goat. Somebody want a business card?”  He said it loud.  A few people looked then went back to their coffee and books.  “You, poodle skirt.  Take one.”  She shook her head; he shook the card; she took it.  He did his job for the day, yelling something about a Goat whenever he remembered.  He did it again, it was kinda fun, way too easy to be called work.  It was top shelf employage for a man of his social standing, too, and he was gladder’n a bull in the high grass to have it.
Scar liked to read.  He read a lot.  He had a rule, though.  He had to steal it to read it.  That was why college towns were so great, books just laying around everywhere.  Just walk out with it when some U-man hit the head.  Or yank it outta their hands when they was reading it.  That was funner’n hell.
If he stole it, he read it all.
Then somebody gave him a watch that said things on it.  He threw it in the trash.  If he didn’t steal it, he couldn’t read it.  Anybody knew that, and if they didn’t, too bad.  Next week, a dude tried to give him a watch that you could read from.  Scar told him no thanks and why not.  The dude went away.
Scar stole a book in a park when some jerk went to play ball with his dog.  Inside was a watch that said stuff, so he put it on.  It told him it would buzz with instructions.
“Buzz away,” he said.  “Don’t no watch be giving ole’ Scar no instructions.  I’m my own man.”  He kept it.  He had to, it kept saying stuff and he’d stole it, so he had to read it all, whenever he remembered to check it, which he did whenever it buzzed.  He kept it on the inside of his wrist ‘cause he didn’t like people trying to get the time off’n him.
The watch buzzed.  
“Yell ‘I’m Goat’ to get paid this week.”  He liked that hundred bucks, so he did it and people looked.  “Introduce yourself as Goat to a group immediately or you don’t get paid.”
“Hey, y’all, my name is Goat.  Want to talk about philosophy?”  They moved away, except for one kid.  
The watch buzzed.  “Give anyone who talks to you the card in your coat pocket.”  He searched his pockets while he asked the kid for money.  He got 37 cents and gave the kid the card.  Kid pocketed it and chased after his friends.
The watch buzzed.  “Get in a fight, and be Goat.”  Some suit walked by acting important and Scar was feeling hot, so he snatched off the dude’s glasses and put ‘em on.  Time for a lesson.
“Hey.”
Scar blinked at him through the glasses.  “You want something?  ‘Cause your subscription’s a little off, I’d say.”  Scar leaned into him and the guy wussied on himself and ran away.  “You forgot your glasses!  I’ll set ‘em down here on this trash can.”
The dude came back.  “Wanna fight me for ‘em?  Everybody’s watching.  You’ll be famous.  ‘Course, I guess I wouldn’t want no fame that came from getting no ass whooping from a homeless dude.”
His watch buzzed and he read it, then paraphrased.  “You about to get your butt kicked by Goat.”  Fools were grouping around and he turned in a circle.  “You heard me G-O-A-T, GOAT!  Go on, think about it, I’ll stand here all day.  I ain’t got nothing better to do.  When you make up your mind you wanna fight for your property or if you wanna be a big chicken instead, you let me know.”
The guy looked at the growing crowd.  “All right.  I’ll fight you for them.”
“Cool, let’s set some ground rules-”  Scar sucker slapped him hard.  “I win.”  He handed him his glasses.  “Way to be brave, brother.  You ain’t let ‘em fuck you up too bad.”  The guy walked away.
“Hey, you a wuss-ass or what?”
The dude turned.  “You should’ve demanded to fight me after that.  Be a man.”
He sighed, took off his coat and came back.
Scar flailed on him, punching as fast as he could, swinging blind like a windmill.  The dude didn’t know how to fight and Scar busted him on the ear, and he might of hit Scar back.  Then the dude was laying down.  “You must be an idiot.  Don’t ever fight a homeless old junkie.  We can take more pain than you can imagine.  Once is brave.  You proved you got a nutsac.  Now why’d you want to come back here and-” the watch buzzed- “and have me cut it off.  Like a Goat, ‘cause I am one, the one, that is.”
He rotated, looking at everybody in the crowd one by one and they all leaned away.
“I’m the Goat.  I’m Scar Jones.”


Bonfire
Scar went home sort of.  The lone star state, but he’d never find the town of Bullock again.  He’d looked and it weren’t on no map he’d ever seen.  He wound up in some college town with a big ole’ school what called themselves the buggies or something.  They was having a bonfire and it weren’t lit yet, but it was a’ gonna be big.  There was an enormous tower of wood, long poles going up about five levels.  
There was a bunch of drunk maroon and white painted jackasses wandering around trying to look important.  He cornered one of them painted people.  “Who are you?”  His watch buzzed and he looked.  ‘You’re Goat,’ it said.
“The Aggies,” the dude yelled.  “Who are you?”
“My name is Goat.”
“Are you an Aggie?”
“Fuck ‘em,” Scar said.  “Don’t like ‘em.  I mean it, they just ain’t no good.  Who do you hate?”
“Ha!  We hate the Longhorns.”
“Well, I guess I’m one of them, then.  And I don’t like buggies.  You’re all gaywads.”
Some dude got in his face and asked him some shit, but Scar was trying burn his eyeball out on the chiclet next to him and didn’t hear nothing but a buzzing sound.  The dude called himself a barhead.
“A barhead?  What’s that?”
“Jarhead, asshole.”
“That ain’t better, that’s worse.  Least if it was a bar, it might take a lick or two.  A ole’ jar’ll just break.”
“Jarheads don’t break.”
“Up yours, boy, you ain’t the real thing.  Somebody took your eye out, you’d piss tears like a kitten and I’m here with this eye gone and I’m stronger ‘n ever you might of thought.”
“Were you checking out my girlfriend?”
“I’d like to do more than that.  I’d like to give her the whole beam of wood and I can tell by the way she was looking at me she ain’t got no objection ‘cept maybe your presence.”
She turned all red and looked away.  Scar smiled at the cracker barhead and started telling him what he really thought.
He was laying on the grass, looking into the sun.  He closed his eye and it felt like sex, so he opened it and it felt better, so he closed it again.  Bad sign.  The patch was making pain feel real, real good.  Scar didn’t hurt himself, though.  That was against his principles, so he just put himself in spots where he could be hurt.  More dudes was standing around, calling that dude by his name and saying to stomp on him.  The dude kicked him in the stomach and Scar couldn’t breathe and he thought he might drop away into the big orgasm the patch was giving him.
They turned away, so he stood up and started talking again, letting ‘em know what a bunch of ball-licking queers they was.  He kept going on until they jumped on him and he kept on telling him what he thought of ‘em while they was punching and kicking on him. They couldn’t do too hard on him, though - they wasn’t much of tough.  The bunch of goo-goos tied him to tree and he kept on yelling.
“I don’t care what you do to me, just don’t a start kissing each other.  I don’t like homo parades.”
Couple a hours later, they untied him and they must not a been too mad, ‘cause they handed him a bottle of the strong and told him he oughta drink her in one go.  He did, then handed ‘em the bottle and said, “Gimme another ‘n.”  They gave him another and he did that one in, too.  He put a third down, but the old body wasn’t what it used to be and he barfed it up and he thought he was doing all right for the time being so he told ‘em that was enough and not to start homoing on him or he’d pitch it again.
A couple of them barheads was drunk enough to get nasty and they tied Scar to that bonfire and lit her up.  It got hot, but the flames weren’t so close that he was getting burned.  They lit it on the far side first.  Before the patch, being lit on fire would have bothered him pretty good, but now he was looking forward to it.  They brung out a big ole’ hose and he felt a mite concerned they was gonna turn it on him.  He didn’t like water in his face and he was worried it might knock the patch off and he’d be gone for sure.  But they didn’t.
The hotter it got, the better he felt.  Scar didn’t want to die, but it felt so damn good, he might just not want to stop.  Then a shadow walked up out of the crowd.  “Scar, would you like a coffee?”
It was some zombie dick in a silver suit.  “Coffee?”
“Free coffee.”
“Hell, yeah.”  Somebody reached out of nowhere and cut his ropes, but Scar didn’t pay no attention to them.  He was trying to figure out this blood sucking son of a bitch. He stepped up off the fire.
“What are you?”
The fiend flashed a business card in his face and Scar read it involuntary-like.  He snatched it from the nasty beast.  “Ikea?  You ain’t no hot swedey honey.”  He flipped the card in the fire.  “Never heard a’ you.”
Some dude put a cold blanket on his back and he threw it off and turned to punch him.  “Don’t be putting no cold blanket on my back.  I don’t like that.”
“Scar,” said the devil man, “you might need medical attention.”
It was true, Scar could tell he was burned up a little.
“All right.  Go ahead.”  Another dude moved in and lifted his shirt and started rubbing some shit on his back, then big band-aids.
“It’s not bad.  Just first degree on the shoulders where the shirt was pulled tight.  Small patches.  Good we got you off when we did.”
“Sure.”  He looked at the silver suit demon.  “Is there some hot swedey bunny underneath that name?”
“No.”
“Then fuck her.”
“She’s Dutch.”
Scar had just read a book on them.  They liked to trade stuff and they were all real tall.
“That place has two names, ain’t it?”
“Holland.”
“What’s your damn name?”
“Squarehead.  Do you want that free coffee?”
“Hell, yeah.  Can I meet that Norwangey baby?”
“Absolutely.”  He snapped his fingers like she was gonna dark magic outta the air or something, but she didn’t.
“She’ll be at the coffee shop.”  That sounded good.  Scar followed the sinister S.O.B.  He turned around and said, “No.  The coffee shop is that way.”
“Yeah, why do I care?”
“Free coffee with a Swiss babe.”
“What was your name again, mister baleful?”
The poison blade sort of laughed at him, but in that nasty way like Scar wasn’t shit.
“Squarehead.”
“You know what, weird brother?  You’re living a lie.”  Scar went the way ole’ goblin was pointing.

He was going to stand outside the door ‘cause he had an idea.
He was at the counter when he remembered his idea again.  “Dammit.”  He walked back out and waited until some lady pushed and he pushed against her.  She looked confused, then saw him and laughed and stopped pushing and so did he.  She reached out and grabbed and pulled and so did he and she laughed again.  Then she pushed and he pushed and she didn’t laugh that time.  He kept going on it and finally she got mad and yelled at him, and then he laughed.  She went away and he walked in and he saw her sneak out behind him, but he didn’t give a shit about her no more.
He belched loud and hard at the counter and ordered him a super-grand foamed up cappuccino with caramel or some female shit like that.  Them female coffees was actually pretty good if they wasn’t too much milk in ‘em.
He sat down and somebody handed him a big, hot black coffee just like he liked it and he remembered he’d ordered himself a female coffee but he was glad to get this instead so he didn’t say nothing.  He took off that damn thing they always put on there to keep idiots from burning their hands and threw it at the dude.  
“Them things is stupid and they’s for sissies.”  He upended the sugar for a seven count, but he didn’t stir it.  He wanted to eat it with a spoon after he drank the coffee. 
There weren’t no Norwangey boondoggle there neither and he was gonna get mad about that but he knew it wouldn’t matter ‘cause he’d forget ‘fore he ever found that silver suit wearing asshole.  So he just drunk his coffee and stared people down till his watch buzzed and he read it.
“My name is Goat,” he yelled.  “I have a proposition for you suckbunnies.”
Some dude what worked there came and asked him to sit down and Scar said he’d be a bit quieter but he needed to talk to somebody about nuclear physics.  He said some shit he’d probably read in a book the other day and some dude started talking on him. 
Scar gave him one of them little cards after the watch buzzed and told him to.  The geeky little pencil dick read it and laughed and said he was in, whatever that meant.  The watch buzzed again.  “Don’t tell nobody neither,” Scar said after he read the words.

Troll

Llort started as a flame-collector.  He railed on Christian websites, hit-n-run posting, baiting, sockpuppets.  He had multiple web personas that fought at each other, YELLING most of the time.  He cut–n-pasted long gay porn narratives on right wing pages.  He posted on Americafirst.usenet.  
-The WTC was so ugly I’m glad it went down.  Finally, somebody chased him, called him a chicken shit, an unsubtle cunt, and not a real troll at all.
-What’s a troll?, he replied.
A chat invitation popped up and he accepted.  
-It’s what you’re pretending to be.
He waited.
-Well???
The troll was gone.  He googled.

searchlores.org/trolls  troll v.,n. To utter a posting on Usenet designed to attract predictable responses or flames. Derives from the phrase "trolling for newbies"; which in turn comes from mainstream "trolling", a style of fishing in which one trails bait through a likely spot hoping for a bite. 
The well-constructed troll is a post that induces lots of newbies and flamers to make themselves look even more clueless than they already do, while subtly conveying to the more savvy and experienced that it is in fact a deliberate troll. 
If you don't fall for the joke, you get to be in on it.
You choose seven groups.  You then write an eight paragraph troll with a paragraph for each group and a spare one for yourself with which to lob in a gratuitous insult to everyone who was dumb enough to read your troll.  Drag them off-topic - the further off-topic the better. Remember, you are trying to waste their time. 
Never take sides - remember that your goal is not to win an argument, rather it is to provoke a futile one that runs forever.
You want to try to ensure that you have the broadest possible range of opinions as this is the easiest way to sow confusion. 
The more confusion the less the likelihood of your troll being exposed for what it is. 
It can also be shown that the inclusion of just one totally off-topic newsgroup can have dramatic effects. 
These jerks fail to understand that trolls are the best way to drive people off the internet thus making available multi-mbs for the rest of us to download our porn.
A genuine troll which also included an Artificial Intelligence group, the result of which was to draw Computer Guru Professor Marvin Minsky into a flamewar concerning Ronald McDonald's exploitation of the disabled - an all-time classic piece of trolling - was written by a practicing veggie.

Mud wrestling on the internet: he wanted in.  He reversed the word, liked it, and then he was Llort, the troll.  He studied, surfing to learn.  And nobody could see him, which he very much liked.
A good troll wrote their own rules.  Beginners liked to piss off new people.  An average troll wanted to get two people hating each other without being spotted himself so he could do it again.  A superior troll preferred to crash groups, turning their forum into a useless mess full of flames and off-topic rambles and rants.  For victory, the ‘actuals’ abandoned at a seventy-five percent or greater rate.  Then the troll, or trolls, won.  With the finesse of a brain surgeon, the expert troll pitted groups against other groups, causing them to crash each other.  The levels of engagement were playtime, tactical, strategic and domination.
But there was a level beyond that, the mythical troll master, who steals a group, slowly and insidiously changing it to his own design, typically a much more trivial topic.  One master troll managed to convert a mercenary usenet group into a women’s undergarment fetish group.
He learned troll history and theory.  Trolling began with the Meow wars, when usenet was flooded with nonsense messages before most people even heard of the internet.  The perpetrator, named Chuck Truesdell, received the dubious honor of inventing spam.  Llort especially loved Godwin’s law, and used it to gauge his early victories.  The law stated that the larger a dialogue grows, the greater the likelihood of Nazism being invoked to describe the opposition.  It was a generally held troll opinion that the first party to use the term ‘Nazi’ or ‘Hitler’ lost.
For years, great flame wars were the mark of the artisan.  The goal was to divide a group against itself as much as possible, deemed ‘fracture maxing.’  It was best if the groups pulled themselves away based on subtle clues planted.  No one was exempt.  Troll culture had no sacred icons or politics.  A liberal group bent on exposing corporate malfeasance was as much a target as the Powder Puff fan-blog.  Little girl fan-blogs were notoriously hard to beat, though.  Young girls had a tenacious ability to get back to topics of inordinate mundanity combined with a single minded adoration for innocuous drawings or plastic figurines of fictional girls.
He studied, practiced, and watched other trolls, then started his high game.
He decided Monday was usenet trolling day, Wednesday was blogtrolling day, and Friday was kooking day.  Llort started as a loner, but quickly moved to group work to learn tactics.  He loved the military terminology.  He joined during a few minor projects and people liked his work.  He kept his cover good, which put him in a certain category, more to the front lines.  Wave trolling was the principal methodology.  He found himself in the relatively prestigious Recon wave.  First wave, which came after, was the real cherry.  Those guys were the best.  It took about twenty trollers to collapse a thousand person usenet group into a shambles.
Recon were the spies.  They joined a few weeks or months before and made friends but didn’t disrupt.  Wave one started the flame war, but did not appear to be trolls.  They crashed Scientology against alternatehistory.usenet.  The attack folded in Mormon religion, a Harry Potter group, and an SUV fanlist.  It was a big attack with over a hundred trolls and the Recon wave had two sub-waves.  The total pacifist wave and the opening of topics wave.  If the topic openers got accused of trolling, the pacifists stepped in and defended them.  They didn’t want flames at this point, just expanded topicality.  Llort pasted a fictitious comment supposedly from the Potter site onto suv.usenet about SUV’s never being able to run on magic.  A lot of old-timers cross-posted from both sites and the topic was officially pronounced useable back at troll headquarters.
The Potter actuals began harassing, almost, the SUV site in a quest to determine what sort of SUV Potter would drive.  They wanted stats on owl-proofing, cauldron carrying, and potion resistant seat material.
Harry Potter emerged as the best ticket in, as anything could be compared to magic, then cross-posted.  The Potter recon troll compared Dianetics to Sirius Black, ‘fucked-up, but sympathetic.’  The Hubbard’s got a bit flamey, but the first Recons calmed them.  That was great, because now flames were in play, and a lot of the first Recons had airtight covers as peace-keepers.
Of course, cross-posting that Harry was a mere alternate history of “The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe,” garnered some book length essays on why Harry had no relation to the world of Narnia.  The Narnia usenet folded itself in by a cross-posting from a non-troll who was, beautifully, accused of trolling.  Llort and other real trolls lobbied for his expulsion.
Also, the puzzling question: what level Scientologist would Malfoy be?  He wouldn’t, according to one response, Scientology was good and Malfoy was evil.  Two ‘loose cannons’ on the Recon team waited for replies from actuals (non-trolls) and jumped in with rambling diatribes about how interesting it was.  They wandered enough to stretch the topic, but kept it below the wing-nut threshold.  They peppered their unsavory essays with punctuation smileys, ‘just kidding,’ and links to near-topic websites.  Later, to draw attention away from the real troll goal, these Recons elevated the strangeness of their posts.  They called it ‘kooking,’ a favorite troll past-time.  Kooking, or grossly off-topic rambling, never made troll headlines, but it was a way to sharpen the tools and it was dead fun, so everyone did it on occasion.
After wave one hit, there was a serious debate among the trolls about folding in the creation vs evolution usenet group, which was massive.  It was too easy, most trolls said.  The site was already so hot that it was enjoyable just to read the constant flame-war and the over-all vote was against it.  A rogue troll did it, anyway, asking the feasibly interesting question: Is Hermione an evolutionist or a creationist?  Go to alt.usenet.creationvsevolution and ask.  A lot of Potter actuals decided it was worth the trip.
Then they had a six-way, including five of the largest usenet groups in existence.  They had to recruit more trolls, but that was easy.  Keeping it under wraps was tough, but trolls had some ethics, so the cover held.  The real method was to never express opinions, but have the actuals do it based on the almost insipid vagueness of the trolling notions.  The topics stretched as all those muggles fell to the power of the troll’s weirding ways.
Wave one had a master player.  He hit Llort with a low-level flame, saying that ‘In any history, alternate or not, sorcerer’s could not possibly be descended from monkeys.  If so, how could they drive SUV’s?’  One of the loose cannons escalated to full kooking based on the post.  He got banned, but Llort lobbied for his return based on freedom of speech.  He kooked again and was mostly ignored from then on.  They eventually crashed three of the groups.
Cross-topicality was Llort’s specialty and ultimate masterpiece.  After the Potter SUV wars, he moved to solo pastures, and herded, in a ring, fourteen groups from ultra-conservative to ultra-liberal and continuing back to the first group.  A white supremacist usenet group was led, in two’s and three’s to a right wing southern Baptist usenet which he migrated to a return the confederacy group.  The next was tricky.  The confederates raided a southern gentleman’s sporting group which dealt largely with horses.  He slid them into a polo group, where he almost lost the whole project to a flame war: the damn polo Yankees against the well-heeled rednecks.  The preppies rolled nicely to an equestrian site.  He found a farmer’s blog and the equestrian’s took it over.  An organic animal farming spot drew off the lost souls of Farmer Dean and the organics happily jumped to an animal rights activist group which grumbled their way to a Native Americans kill animals with dignity group, alt.usenet.indianbuffalo.  They invaded a group devoted to coin collecting called buffalo nickel.  Getting users to cross the technically intimidating blog to usenet line was tough, but he encouraged people to try ‘this cool new group, where people really knew their stuff.’
He parlayed the coin collectors into a collectors in general group and they bumped to a gun collectors spot which grumbled but took a new home from some hunter’s who commandeered an NRA subsite where a natural step led back to the original white supremacy group.  A water-wheel, he called it.  It was a proud piece of work, and the circle kept slowly turning with little effort once he closed the loop.  Another troll named it ‘The Superconductor Effect.’
At the end of each week, he posted ‘You have all been trolled.  You are idiots.’
The replies read ‘Ignore him, he’s a troll,’ and, ‘Please don’t feed the troll.’
Others soon topped his design with the ‘Figure Eight’ which used one group for two migration points.  The new trolling was to keep groups functioning and keep people migrating.  Shepherd trolling, rather than destruction trolling.
After that, trolling lost interest.  Llort wanted to live his life and pursue his career so he found a massive online urban fantasy game called Boston Commons where he enrolled at Harvard University.
Something else happened that looked cool.  He got a business card from a smelly homeless guy wearing an eye patch.  He said his name was Scar Jones, or Goat, he wasn’t very clear.  But the card was.  He checked out the website.  It was an invitation to set up a blog and be part of a crazy super-anonymous puzzle-game.  It looked easy and fun, so he signed up as goat.troll.


blog live

Entropy controlled the internet, as much as anyone could.  He did so with a four hundred million node botnet, spread throughout home and business computers all over the globe.  He got a card from Scar personally, and was building a plan, based on the Goat blog stunt.  It would make headline news in every part of the world.  He tasked the botnet to search for Goat himself.  It hit dead-ends.  He couldn’t find the originator in one hour and he wanted to give Goat a medal for it.  Entropy was very hard to hide from. He dropped the search, then decided he wanted to not know.
While he was waiting for opening day, Entropy griefed.  He did many other things, of course, this was just a single function in the outspread of Entropy, a means of relaxing.  He was a talent-stalker, as well.  When he saw Llort’s antics with the water-wheel, he programmed an agent to watch his activity.  That’s where griefing came in.  Llort liked MMORG’s, so Entropy wrote one, designed to his specs, and invited him for a free lifetime membership, in honor of the water wheel.  The fool probably thought he was a fellow troll.  Boston Commons was an urban fantasy game centered around Harvard, with witches, elves, and werewolves.  
Llort wanted to be a troll in the game and Entropy liked his approach.  No trolls, his expert system administrator, the Dean, e-mailed.  Llort trolled a player, and convinced them to petition for the introduction of trolls.  How about orcs, instead?  the Dean responded.  They’re pretty much the same.
After a response detailing the numerous differences between the two, Llort entered the game as an orc.  The game moved faster than real-time: one week per year.  In ten weeks, Llort had a doctoral degree, at great effort, from Harvard and the Dean offered him a job.  Three weeks and some character challenges later, he was on the tenure track teaching Genetics of Non-humans, and spent time in the lab trying to reverse Orcism.  He claimed Orcs came originally from Trolls and could be Trolls again.  Entropy knew he was invested heavily.  Llort spent an average of eight hours a day in-game.
Entropy had a bowl of Wheaties and meandered the internet aimlessly.  He had tried to make hittup slash the new insider term for the internet, but it didn’t catch.  He loved owning the lingo and it irritated him to fail.  Such things were a test of his real influence.  
He griefed Llort again.  He had plans long-term for him, but wanted to probe for weaknesses.  He hoped his orc professor would commit suicide.  An orc professor, stupid.  The guy was talented, but he needed to grow up.  Llort the troll was soon to become Entropy’s minion.
He worked more on the principal mission, knowing, somehow, he would bring the two together, but not yet clear on the details.  He watched the goat blog scheme on the internet as it took shape.  The blog plan was nice work and the anonymity was masterful.  Sign up, get a line of poetry, post it on an anonymous blog with the word ‘goat’ in the address line.  The originator had used a tricky home-cut profiling software that gave false IP’s for all users.  
He forced the number of blogs to be exactly 500, and made it appear a coincidence to the creator.  He prepared 200 blogs in reserve based on lines of verse claimed from the Goat1 site, which had thousands.  He didn’t use the blogs he made because five hundred people actually signed up.  Scar was good at whatever he did.  Every day for a week prior, Entropy’s botnet e-mailed all five hundred through the anonymous double-blind e-mail server, reminding them to go live.  
Entropy clipped out all further attempts.  The botnet hashed over a dozen last minute attempts to sign up for a Goat blog.
On February 13th, 23:46, Entropy hacked the front page of the New York Times mid-press run.  One minute after the proofing ended, he tripped on a handful of bots he had inside their network.  When no one was paying attention anymore, he changed a single letter in the top headline.  Ten thousand papers had been printed and were on the dock.  Twelve million to go, running the story he wanted.
He changed the headline from Winning Goal to Winning Goat.  He swapped the story to one he wrote about an event that happened during the print run reporting it.
Last night, after this story went to press, a highly sophisticated internet stunt transpired: at midnight, the legendary Goat blogs went live, all 500 at once.  The anonymous perpetrators claim to all be different people and there is compelling evidence to support that.  Each blog contained a single line of verse.  The 500 lines taken in total comprise a hyper-poem and a puzzle, the proper order of which is the solution.  Random guesses are useless as over 900 trillion combinations are possible.
Here are the rules.  Solve the 500 line hyper-poem and you win $1,000,000.01.  Find the creator, the original Goat, and you win the same.  Do both in twenty-four hours and the prize is one hundred million.  An anonymous benefactor is offering $100 per each correctly solved couplet and $1000 for each quartet of lines.  (Contact at: hyperpoem@goatpuzzle.org.  The first couplet has already been solved: We paint a madman erratic into the air, we author humanity.
He overwrote the entire first section of the paper.  The story repeated for the rest of the section, translated into ninety-nine languages, seven of which he knew.  It was a good story, so he bought a paper and read it later.  The Goat blogs went live February 14th,  00:00 hours New York.  It was Valentine’s day and the Chinese New Year.  Entropy had the botnet harvest all the lines when it went live, but they actually missed thirteen.  The lines only appeared for a pico-second and the bots arrived too late.  The sign-up site disappeared.
Entropy wrote several hundred cross-referenced wikipedia entries about the Goat phenomenon.  The next day, he hacked the Post, scooping the Times with the story of a one-eyed, black drifter who had been calling himself Goat for weeks, last seen in Wisconsin.  He ratcheted the stakes, using the big corporations.  He made hundreds of Google bombs, linking the top 100 most popular searches to stories about Goat, most of them urban legends he had altered to make Goat the perpetrator.  After cutting random text from the 500 Goat sites, he made a Print on Demand book, then Google-jacked the Amazon homepage.  Fifteen thousand people got misdirected and their orders were replaced with Goat, memoirs of an internet e-hole.  They shipped overnight and the credit cards were overcharged.
He pondered the television campaign.  Entropy was eager; this looked like a great op.


Coffee and Pi 

Scar saw a red-head slant-eye piece of wicked box and he excused hisself from the geek’s company and went and leaned on her table.  He started to sit and forgot when he remembered something else so he slammed his fists down.  “Wait a minute, this wasn’t the first time I seen you.  You ain’t a coincidence.”
“No, it’s not… I’m not.  We’re acquaintances.  You’ve forgotten.  Sit down.  Enjoy your coffee.”
Somebody put down a hot, black one and he got happy and dropped on in.  
“I bought it for you.”
“And you’re a firebrand, too.  What do you want, ivory tower?  You looking for a real man?”
“You know, you’re really quite insightful, Scar.  Like that ivory tower comment.  It’s me.  In a nutshell, I am that person.  I’m untouchable, above people.”
“You don’t think you’re too good, you just put yourself away where it don’t matter none.”
“Exactly.  Most people think you’re crazy, but you’re not.  You may be the only sane man alive today.”
“Never said nothing but.  You wanna get all lovey-dovey with me?”
“Not really.  I’d rather talk.  What do you want more than anything?”
“Bend you over this table while all these bastards watch and cheer, then play it on film later so I can remember it.”
She laughed, like a magic charm.  “I like that about you.  You just say it, no bullshit.  It’s why we’re friends.”
Scar didn’t have nothing to say, so he just looked at her ‘cause he liked to.  Almost like he was under some kind of spell.
“Scar, something’s about to happen.  You need to be ready, okay?”
“Gotta take a piss first.”
On the way back from the bathroom, Scar stole a newspaper and it was folded open to a page and the first thing he read was, “Our grief at being born into the strange lair of titans bids against us, let it not be our shame.  Let us to the attack and Davidian, slay Goliaths all about, ere we rot in our demise.”  It said it was the first deciphered quaudruplet from something called the hyper-poem.  Scar liked it and it made him want to fuck up some biggos.  This Goat dude had the right idea.  
He set it in front of red asia.  “I like that.  Modern myth.  That Goat’s got a bit of the old gods going on.  He ain’t planned all human.”
She nodded.  Scar was enchanted.
“What’s your name?”
“What do you want it to be?”
If he looked at her, he’d forget.  She’d poof away in smoke.  “Pi,” he said to the table.  He looked and it was her.  He liked remembering names ‘cause it almost never happened.  “Without the ‘E’”
“Hey, is that Goat?” said a punk’s voice.
Scar turned.  Some pimply-ass was pointing.
“That’s rude.  Dangerous, too.  Ain’t your mother never told you?”
“Goat?  Oh, my God.  The prize!  Can I-”
“I’m so far from that it don’t even real.  Get on off and be a college punk-o again.  I’m Scar fucking Jones.”  He stood and glared and stepped toward him and the kid got his narrow butt back and Scar laughed.  Scaring college punks was about the best time he’d ever thought he could have.  
Asia red.  She looked at the kid and said, “Too late.  I already won.  But you can watch, from there.  It’s about to come down.”  She did some funny, twisty thing with her hands, then snapped ‘em wide apart.  “The die is cast.”
That was cool.  Sexy, like she was conjuring something up.  Scar wiggled his eyebrow at her, ‘cause chicks liked that.  “How can I remember your name?”
“Don’t think of it as a name.  Think of it as what I am.  Pi without an ‘E.’”
“Where’d you get it?”
“You just now made it up.”
“I did?”
A pack of fancy blue and gold cigarettes appeared in her hands.  “They’re Dunhills.  They’re the best.  You want one?”
A cigarette!  He never stole cigarettes, one of his rules.  He never bought ‘em and never bummed ‘em, neither.  The only way was if someone offered.  He reached for ‘em and she blew a long stream of smoke in his face.
“I’ve researched you.  A particular psychiatrist says you might be schizophrenic obsessive-compulsive manic-depressive with psychotic tendencies.”
“I know what all them words mean, but I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“I don’t think it’s true, anyway.  Not even remotely.”
“Excuse me, miss.”  Some silver suit put a hand on her shoulder and Scar didn’t have no choice.  He punched the dude and missed and wound up on the floor and saw her and asked how he’d got there.
“I have a proposition for you, Mister Jones.”  He lay there, trying to look up her skirt and she didn’t care a bit.  He thought he might just be in love.
“What’s it pay?”
“Are you giving me the business?”  
He didn’t get it and wrinkled up his face.  
“Isn’t that an expression?”
“Means you’re lying.  You think I told you a lie?  What did I say?”
“Never mind.”  She pulled on her cigarette.  “I want you to take something apart for me, and it pays well.”
They talked and talked, then she looked at the door.  There were some dudes with a camera coming in.  The camera guy pointed it at both of ‘em and the other one sat down.  “I don’t get it.” Scar got on back in the chair.
“You’ll do fine.”  She vanished out the door.  He turned and smiled into the camera.  The dude sitting in the chair said something, but he didn’t like that guy and he didn’t want to talk to him, so he just sat there looking into that lens.  He licked his lips and decided the viewing public needed a lecture.  First things first.  He told the skinny little homo sitting there trying to interview him to shut the hell up.  He stared at the camera until it was weird, then his watch buzzed and told him to say he was Goat.
“I’m Goat and my real name is Scar Jones and I got something to say.”  He wanted to tell them sons of bitches out there he hated everything they stood for.  “I don’t like any of your ways of doing what you’re thinking all the time.  Keep away from me with your dumb approach.  Quit lying.  Everybody says shit they don’t never mean when they mean other shit and it makes me wanna puke.  People act like somebody’s friend when they ain’t and all they want is a good job even they fuck their soul to the devil for it.  And everybody wants money and getting famous and it all don’t nothing but a tub of shit, ‘cause them famous richies are the most unhappiest of all.  They’re always killing themselves somehow or ‘nother and don’t nobody never likes ‘em in person, but everybody always kissing their butts and that’s why this country’s in such a piss ass crap.”
His watch buzzed again and he looked at it.  “I’m Goat and I can prove it.  It says here I raised a ruckus in College Station, Texas, Sante Fe, New Mexico and everywhere in between.  A whole lot of people seen me calling myself Goat and here’s the website to post your testimony: I met goat com.  That don’t look right, that sentence ends and there’s just them three letters, c-o-m.”  He looked up.  “Whatever, it don’t matter none.  Go on, tell ‘em ole’ Scar was doing his Goat thing in your town.  I’m gonna be famous and you can come along.”  The watch buzzed again.  “Except the secret goats who oughtta remain that way for they own protection and ‘cause that’s what they agreed.  ‘Goat will change the world.’  Well, I don’t know about that, but Scar’s gonna have himself a time while the ride lasts.”
“What message did you intend with the 500 Goat stunt?”
“Stunt?  What?  500?”
“Yes.”  The jerkass said it slow, like Scar was stupid.  “There were 500 goats.”
“Listen, maybe since there’s so many of ‘em, somebody oughtta hunt ‘em down.  Ain’t that what animals are for?  Hunting?”

Some people started following Scar around and everybody wanted to talk to him all of a sudden.  They kept calling him Goat and he had to correct ‘em a lot.  At first, he wanted ‘em to go away, so he read all the time, hoping they’d get bored with him.  He stole a farming magazine and it was more interesting than he thought it was gonna be.  He didn’t know what it was when he stole it; he just took it outta some dumb girl’s hands.  He learned some stuff if he remembered anything.
He read an article about a stupid farmer.  “That dumbass.”
All them queers in suits and button shirts pointed microphones at him.  “What dumbass?”
He frowned.  “Damn ole’ deer’s eating all this fellow’s corn and he’s trying to scare ‘em away with music.  Fool don’t even know how to scare off a bunch of deer.”
“How?” some dickhead asked.  
He looked that mother fucker in the eye.  “You kill one.”
“But they’ll just come back.”
“Not if you blow it to kingdom come.  I figure that farmer oughtta set him up a system with a trip wire and some grenades.  Leave that dead carcass out there to rot and see if them other deer don’t keep their distance.  Heavy trauma, it’s a powerful motivator for man and beast.”

The stunt 
http//goat:zero
Call me Goat.  This is my hidden blog for no one.  Or for me.  I am the originator.  When the goat blogs went live, it was erotic.  500 at once, such a coincidence of numbers had to prove something.  It was like an albino bull, strong and solid, but weak and weird.  It reminded of fellatio in an airplane bathroom, both hidden and exposed, exciting and irreversibly shameful.  But enough oppositery, it is a perfidious approach 
 Of course the New York Times revealed the answer.  It was no coincidence, and now, I only feel exposed.  The trickster is tricked and the plan everyone saw, which to the creator me appeared a cosmic beautiful chance, reveals itself, a deeper plan after all.  My scheme is co-opted by a greater mind.  I feel a fool and an uneasy fear.
Is this entity, who is capable of manipulating and controlling so much, an enemy or a friend?  Why need I make him one or the other?   (Why assume it’s him, anyway?)  Perhaps it is a teacher, reminding me of the Middle Way.
And what might that be?  If an actual reader existed, I would avoid this topic.  It is, for no reason, embarrassing, but this is for me alone, therefore I proceed.  I shall approach the topic from the other side.  On Wikipedia today, I found an entry called the Law of the Excluded Middle.  It is a thing I know much of, and as a Buddhist, a thing I cannot tolerate.  It presupposes that ‘yes’ and ‘no’ are the only possible answers and is a pervasive error in perception and reasoning, especially in the West.  Damn the Greeks, for after so many years, I cannot defeat the instinct to think in such a way, though I can prove it untrue through any number of casual exercises. This law has caused more damage to an accurate perception of the world than anything I can think of.
The Middle Way, obviously, is neither yes nor no.  It is not both, it is not neither.  Nor is it maybe.  All of these are ideas, and thus unable to capture the true reality.  But this topic is too large for a single blog posting.  It is inherent in all my posts and I will touch on it, connecting it to the issues at hand as best I am able.  In the Middle Way, wisdom resides.
End of digression.  
I am proved by my own cunning to be an idiot at last.  But happily so; I blame no one.  There was no mal-intent, at least in this massive jest upon my jest, I believe.  The confidence game, if that is a proper term, was not designed to make me feel an imbecile, as indeed it did, though only in my own eyes.  
However, now that I have the world’s attention, I want to claim it instead of living in shadow.  But only by staying nameless do I merit any decent regard.  To step forth is to deny my own ethic.  If I burst my anonymity and brave the scorn, fury and useless adulation, one of the great powers of our day, this mad world would put me where I belong, at the footnote of an unimportant page.  I would become the Gilligan of this century.
Yet I crave fame, which offers a worthless clue to my true name.  How could I not, being American?  I neither despise nor laud my nation.  The truth is, I can never escape.  How long can our people lay claim to greatness?  A few more days on history’s calendar?  Rome lasted over a thousand years, China far longer still.  But this empire spends itself so rapidly.  The powerful destruction of our most fearsome tool or toy, the atomic bomb, is the perfect symbol of our nation.  Bright with ruin, America rages, tearing culture to its image, unable to control or contain the greed of its child, capitalism.  The beast has run amok.  
How do most manage the insecure bravado of citizenry under the mightiest nation on Earth?   I am no hidden Communist, I have long since surrendered to America’s gruesome hegemony.  Though I have vowed poverty, in my heart I crave wealth.  Regarding money, I ask only that in my next life, I am free of such desire.  It is a crucial step along a genuine path.
Why did I create Goat?  Does the banner say it all: to become the most famous anonymous in history?  Of course not.  That was a sound bite.  Though we may (and should always) question our own motive, I believe the true intent was to protect.  The thing protected I cannot name, but will try.  Independence of spirit.  Perhaps collective action with no possible reward and with no common aim.  Perhaps I sought the unifying, binding thread that runs throughout humanity.  Whatever, it seemed like a good idea.  Actually, it seemed a great idea.
Now, I am left with pieces of my creation over which I have no control.  I am a mother whose child has become psychotic.  This has always been my way, to run a plan out, heedless of effect, believing, in my pride, that I am strong.  But that pride fails and turns to ash and that strength reveals itself as empty in essence when I taste the bitter fruit.
In this, I am always self-deceived.  
Within every consequence there lies some edge of pain.  I may achieve the goal of the most famous anonymous (perhaps I am bested by the unknown soldier, whose fame was incidental to his acts).  Like an ironic lesson to a moral book, the success has left me hollow, and afraid.  What is the point of all the hard lessons of life?  Do we carry them into the grave?  Is new knowledge gained when the fire of suffering burns off the husk of self-illusion?  Do we grow?  Are we reborn with greater strength?
The Kabbalah claims we live a cycle of twelve lives and arrive at the culmination of the spirit divine.  But that would suggest that every twelfth person is close and all my senses tell me that is not so.  I believe it never ends.  No tale is ever fully told.
Again, why Goat?
If you must have an answer, then 500 others were involved. Why did they do so?  For me, I wanted to change the world.  I admit it, there, I am unmasked, at last seen to be a naïve dreamer disattuned to our common reality.  But therein lies a pristine message.  We are all disattuned; it is a particular modern malady.  Disconnected from Earth by the sterility of our dwellings and skyscrapers, we base our sanity upon empty measure.  Even farmers with their giant machines are far removed from the land compared to their cousins in history.  We have focused on wealth and possessions to the exclusion of all else.  I have said it before and will again: money is a terrible answer.  But it is the loudest we have.
What of the gentle soul, living in bare subsistence, happy to hear the message of the wind, knowing the plants and animals and the cycle of their existence?  This man or woman feels the interconnected, the subtle play of their own organism.  Not hiding from the actuality of death, they dwell in the depths of life.  We see those who live ‘off the grid’ as crackpots, deluded by non-participation.  But living in tune with the land is participating in something deeper, the lasting timeless flow of existence rather than the ephemeral candle flame of man.  Our civilization has lasted some 8000 of the planet’s fifteen billion years, and few believe we have 8000 more.
Humanity is doomed.  Certainly, this is no new message.  I make no attempt to startle or alarm.  Everyone knows it.  No one believes the human race will survive, yet we never speak of it.  If there is any original notion here, it is this: why do we ignore this awful truth?

recruit

Entropy contacted Squarehead on-voice.  Although it had never been stated explicitly, they both understood: voice contact meant alpha orders, imminent priority.  
“Put Goat on high radar.  Make it big news.”
“How, Captain?”
“However you want.  But not a flash that goes away.  Something with staying power.”
Repeated violence sounded that note.  Squarehead decided to find the person, then fit the mission to him.  He hit some usenet groups looking for a gun nut.  The guy who wanted to kill and could.  Somebody not stupid.  He narrowed it to four with a top candidate.  
He posted his hook on the usenet group and got a few responses.
-What do you think of this goat thing?
-I hate the goat.  It’s a bunch of bullshit.  They’re all posers without the guts to say what they really are.  The world would be better off without that crap.  
Squarehead requested Entropy to research the man.  He had been denied admission to all the military services: failed psych profile.  He had been acquitted from a manslaughter charge that looked a whole lot like murder.  Entropy did some research and found other incidents, mostly racial.  He committed hate crimes.  It was his man.  He used the force chat program to pop open a window on the hater’s computer.
-Why don’t you kill them?
-What?!?
-You read me.  Don’t be a coward.  Start plugging.
-I don’t know who you are, but I’m about to end this.
-You can’t without shutting off your computer, and I’ll be there when it’s back on.  I’m somebody who’s done more illegal things than you could do in a lifetime.  Make a difference.
-Why don’t you?
-It pays well. Very.
-It’s not illegal to write about it.  I’m listening.
-Here are the rules.  You expose them, you kill them.  If they’re exposed by other means, it’s too late and they live, but you don’t have to let them know that.
-Why don’t you do it?
-I already have a job.  Besides, I’m confined to a wheelchair.  But, I have a lot of power.  I’ll protect you.  These goats need a taking down.
-You have power?  Prove it.
Entropy proved it for him with a one million dollar bank error reversed two seconds after.
-Check your bank account.  Can you do it online?
Five minutes.
-You’re a slick operator.  I don’t work in your league.
-You’ve killed before.  I can prove you murdered Danny Waters, a black man twenty-two years of age for fucking a white woman, your sister.  Don’t get me wrong, I love your work, but I’ll use it against you if you don’t do what I say. 
The computer went off.  Time for Squarehead to pay a visit.  He took the Lear.

He found the friend of the target who had helped with the murder and forced him to confess on tape before his visit.  He left the friend tied up in his own basement so he couldn’t warn the target.  He lived in a trailer on fifty acres of land in rural Alabama.  Squarehead had to laugh at a trailer with broadband internet access.  There weren’t any trees within a hundred yards, just a load of rusty, junk cars, washing machines, and refrigerators.  This guy needed the money and then some.  A Doberman came dashing around the house and Squarehead almost blew its head off, but decided to hold.  It stopped a foot from him, growling.  A perilously thin man in overalls and no shirt with a patchy beard and long rangy hair came out.  From his hip, he pointed a shotgun at Squarehead.
“Get the fuck off my land.”
“No.”
He brought the gun up and used the sight.  “Then I’m gonna kill you.”
This was definitely the right guy.
“You’ll die, too.”
“Uh, huh.  How?”
“I have friends who know I came here.  If I’m not back in half an hour, they’re coming in.”
“What friends might that be?”
“Some old Delta force buddies.  You’ve heard of us, I assume.”
“Prove it.”
Squarehead slowly rolled up his sleeve to reveal his tattoo. 
“Let me come over and show you.  I assume you know the Delta force ink.”
“Oh, yeah.  Definitely.”  He cocked the hammer.  “It doesn’t exist.”
“Good.  You get the prize.  You are the man I’m looking to work with.”
“Well, I’m not looking to work with you.”
“I’m not leaving.”
“Then I’m blowing your head off on three.”
Squarehead sighed.  “There’s a sniper that’ll kill you the second you shoot.  He’s up in a tree on the edge of that patch.”
Squarehead waved in that direction right-handed and the man looked.  When he looked back, he had a pistol pointed at him.
“I really am Delta force and you may get me, you may even kill me, but you will definitely die.  I can hit one of your molars with this and miss the other teeth.  The dog’ll die, too.”
“What do you want?”
“I want you to do what you want to do.  Kill people who want to fuck up the greatness of our master plan.  And I want to pay you good money.  Now how about a cup of coffee?”
He lowered the shotgun.
“It’s not illegal to talk, I guess.  C’mon in.”
The coffee sucked and the trailer was a wreck.  Dirty tank tops, underwear, and cut-offs were everywhere and it smelled like wet dog.  The cheap, round, bright yellow table was marked with cigarette burns and likewise the carpet.  There was a confederate flag on the wall and a pad of paper with numerous swastikas drawn on it.  The man was trash and Squarehead knew each button to push and in what order.  He looked hard at the swastikas until he noticed.
“I ain’t ashamed.  I’m proud.”
“Is this your name?”  He pushed a note card with the man’s name printed on it across the table.
“What’s yours?”
“Squarehead.”
“That’s not a name.  Why?”
“Long story.  Got it in the force.  Here’s my offer: $100 for the first, doubles each time after, with a $10,000 bonus payable if you sign today.”
“I’m not about to sign a thing.”
“No, of course not.  It was a figure of speech.”
“$100 isn’t overmuch for killing a man.”
“That’s just the first.  Look at this math.  For your eighth drop, you’ll receive $12,800.  For your eleventh, $102,400.  At fourteen, you’re a millionaire.  Always in cash.  Or, if you prefer, in gold.”
“How do I know you ain’t setting me up?”
Squarehead pulled the digital voice recorder out of his pocket and played it.
“Please, please.  Yes, we did it.  Me and Darren killed the nigger boy for banging his sister.  We strung him to a tree and used him for target practice.  I’ll tell you where he’s buried.”
Squarehead clicked it off.  “That was the voice of your old friend, Roddy Dillers.  Don’t be too hard on him; he was in a considerable amount of pain when I got this information.  I found the body and I have it.”  
“I already been tried for that.  They can’t try me again.”
“Wrong.  You were acquitted for lack of evidence, and because the jury was local.  Your case never went to trial.  You have to be found not guilty for double indemnity to apply.”
He stared at Squarehead.
“Do you understand what I’m saying?”
“How do I know you won’t turn me in later?”
“I would’ve already.  Like I told you, I approve your work and I don’t want to turn you in at all.  I want to see you go to new heights.  These Goats are a pack of liberals that want to weaken this country and sell it from under the white man’s nose.  They want to give it to the niggers.  Hell, half of ‘em are chinks.”
“Why don’t you do it?  Didn’t you say you were in a wheelchair?”
“A joke.  You have my apologies for it.”  Squarehead pulled out $10,000 cash.  The man’s eyes locked on to it, the reaction Squarehead was looking for.  “I have a list of principal and secondary targets.  This project is a critical, top secret military action.  You will receive the most elite training the United States has to offer and become part of a crew known only to five people on this planet.” 
“Doesn’t the crew know?”
“The crew only know their own mission.  Plausible deniability.”  
“What are the others?”
“You’ll never know that.  Without this, the rest is pointless.  Your mission is the most important.”
“How important?”
“You wouldn’t believe.”
“What’s it called?”
“Operation Goat Killer.”

Press conference

Scar tried to get rid of them people by not saying nothing, but they just followed him around more like they wanted something special.  He figured they needed him to say his piece, then maybe they’d go away.  He didn’t have no problem with people in general, he actually liked ‘em.  It was these people in particular.  Scribblers got on his nerves.  He decided to get ‘em all together and let ‘em hear what they was a’ looking for.  Somebody scheduled him a press conference and somebody else reminded him to go.
It was a big to-do.  Scar got himself ready, then walked out and looked at a gaggle of scribblers and other vermin of the media.  He cracked his knuckles backhanded as he approached.  He eyed a blondy.  Fun to play with, yeah brother.  He needed friends.  He grabbed the podium with a hand on each side, like the TV presidents always did, and he waited.
All the reporters just stood there, watching him.  Weren’t their hands supposed to go up and ask him shit?  What was wrong with these people?
“You guys die on me?”
“Mr. Goat, do you have a statement?”
“Fuck no, I ain’t got no statement.”
The hands all shot up.  “You’re also known as Scar Jones.  Is that correct?”
“No, it ain’t.  I am Scar Jones.  I’m also known as that Goat jerk-off.  Get it right or don’t be here.”
“I’m with Wired magazine.  Mister Jones, would you say-?”
“Don’t do that shit.  Don’t call me mister nothing.  It’s Scar or you don’t having your stupid questions answered.”
“Um, Scar, then, what about Goat Killer?”
“Who?”
“The second goat loser who was exposed.  He was murdered by someone calling himself Goat Killer.  Is that you?”
Scar stepped from behind the podium and pointed his right index finger at his crotch.  “Suck it now.  Don’t pass start, just get to sucking.”
They stared at him.
“I ain’t no killer.  I ain’t keep up with these goof-nuts acting their weird shit.  I’m the original Goat.  It’s done proved to most sane people’s consideration.  I’m don’t some wrong dude whatever you’re wishing at.”  He made eye contact with a random sampling of media scum-farts, then dropped his cock-pointer back to his side.  He re-assumed the presidential position, white-knuckling the podium and pushing his mouth out for a menacing effect.  People skittered off when he did it in small groups and he was interested to see the effect on these cockroaches.
“Why does everybody hate you stinks?”  He knew why he did.  It was his dad.  The old bastard showed up twice in his life and all he did was beat Scar and make him hate reporters.  “I never had no real Dad.”
They hugged their notebooks and bunched up tighter, like scared cows outside a slaughter-house.  He pointed without really looking.  “Answer me.  Why does everybody hate scribblers?”
“I assume you mean reporters.  It’s because they think we invade privacy and politically misrepresent their own views.  And they’re correct.”
“Really?”  Maybe his dad was right, and he should hate ‘em.  But they all acted like regular people just being their lives.  And they were fun to talk to.  Scar was having a good old time.  “Well, I’ve heard you called parasites and when I think like that, I sure hate you.  Any more questions?”
“Why are you doing this?”
“Doing what?”
“The, uh, the whole Goat project.”
“Oh, hell, that’s the key.  You nailed its head, peppermint patty.  What I’m fixing to tell you is the really real stuff, so keep it under your dumb hat, okay?”
They just stood there.  “I said, ‘Okay?’  If you ain’t agree, you don’t get the goods.”  They nodded.  “Great.”  They was gawking at him like something was supposed to happen.  “What’s wrong with y’all?”
“You were going to answer the question.”
“What question?”
“Why are you doing this?”
“Doing what?”
“This whole thing, the Goat, the hyper-poem, all of it.”
“Oh, yeah.  You promise not to tell nobody?”
They nodded.  
“We’re gonna fuck some shit up.”  They shuffled around, looked up and down, whisper-mumbled, and generally didn’t appreciate the soul-baring quality of Scar’s revelation.  
“Could you be more specific?”
“I seriously doubt it.  Ain’t figured out the details yet, or it’s too secret, but it’s coming at barrel speed.  Put money on it: something’s gonna get fubared royal, something bigger than you might guess about.”
“Fubared?”
“Fucked up beyond all recognition.  Don’t you know nobody in the army?”
“That’s not much of an answer.”
“Ask a better question and you might could see.”
“The Goat blogs seem to have a point, but it’s hard to tell if it’s negative, positive, or what.  What sort of statement are you making about the internet?”
“Somebody oughtta explode that thing at itself.  It ain’t helping.”
“How did you manage to create the Goat phenomenon as a homeless man?”
“I didn’t create nothing.  I just told people I was Goat, and talked on my ideas.  I ain’t did that other stuff, I just told people what they done it for me.”
“And they did?”
“Apparently it seems.”  He opened his mouth as if he was going to say more, but his mind was blank, so he raised his finger like he had a real important point to emphasize.  He threw in a couple of jerk around phrases.  “I think the thing is, or, so to speak, what we need to understand from all this is that, when the totality of…” It needed to go somewhere or they’d start thinking he was crazy, “…group mind,” he shouted, “yeah, that’s the word, I just, sorry, forgot it.  It’s called the Tapping Place or something.  I read it in a book, virile marketing, really strong, man marketing.”  He struck a body-builder pose and quivered his muscles to illustrate the power of his marketing campaign.  “I virile marketed this Goat thing, told people they could partake in the phenomenon, and I figure they jumped to it, excited.”  He slid fluidly from steroid injecting beefcake back to world toppling politician.  To emphasize his pro-active stance, he leaned forward on the podium until he didn’t have no weight on his feet no more.  
“How did you coordinate the effort for them to go live online at the same time?”
“What?  What the hell does that mean?”  The podium slipped, then toppled into the crowd.  Scar’s arms whipped out as he rode the bull to ground, trying to grab onto somebody, but just whacking some doll in the hooters and banging his mouth on a chair.  Scribblers jumped back like scared rabbits and the microphones blared like a butt-shot goose.  “They should’a nailed that thing down a little better.”  Scar felt his face, making sure it wasn’t too roughed up.  “That wasn’t my fault.  Sure was fun, though, huh?”  A couple of young dudes worked the podium back in place without too much ruckus.  Scar climbed back up at his leadership posture.  “What were we talking about?  Am I running for some kind of office?”
“No.  500 blogspots went online at the same time, acting, you seem to be claiming, on your instructions.”
“Quit gibbering, loony-bird.  A bogsport?  What’s that?  How the hell could I tell anybody to do something I don’t never even heard of?  Start making sense.”  He bulged his one good eye at a curve-o-matic in the second row.  He zeroed on the cans, switching gaze from left one to right one each second, like a clock.  “Go ahead, boobsy, ask me something not stupid, please.”
She did a deer in the spots routine, so he pointed.  “You, sweet-sack, what’s your damn question?”
“How do you answer allegations that you’re not the real Goat?”
“Who said?”
“Wired magazine.”
“Fuck ‘em.  I don’t give a shit what some little dumb magazine I ain’t never heard of says.  They can go fuck themselves.  What are they wired for, being gaywads?  You got a better question, pinky?”
She gave him a headshake.
“Say ‘No,’ next time.  Otherwise you look indecisive – That shrinky magazine said so.  All right, who’s next?”  He pointed at a guy in shiny silver britches.  “You, tin pants.”
“Scar, it’s been alleged that the hyper-poem has no solution.”  Scar stared at him.
“Do you have a response?”
“No, I don’t.  I swear I got no idea what the hell you mean.  What’s a super-poem?”
“Goat?  Are you, in fact, Goat?”
“Lotta people say I am, so I guess I pretty much am, but I doubt what I could prove it.  What’s a super-poem?”
The scribblers looked confused and scared, like a bunch of chickens after one of ‘ems been shot to feathers.  He laughed.  
“Goat, though, yeah, I know.  There’s three, you see, and them dudes tell me their thoughts and I figure on ‘em.  I’m Goat, that’s what makes me so.”  He evil-eyed the little rodent man who doubted him.  He intended on making double sure that dude didn’t get no more questions.  But he decided to get fair and drop him a little more answering.  “I’m just the brains guy.”  He pointed his finger at his head to prove the assertion.  “I just think the shit up.”
“So you work together?”
“I don’t ever see ‘em.”
“Then you don’t work together?”
“They suggest me ideas, I pick ‘em up every Friday at that money getting place with my hundred money.  Then I slap on a drunk except the first Friday of the month, when I snap out a whore and try to get drunk, but they always slurp all your booze, ain’t it?”  He pointed at a white freckly red.  “Bushy, are you a whore?”
“Um, no.”
“No.  You’re a crap for beans, ain’t ya’?”  He looked at a dumbass.  “You married, dude?”  The guy nodded.  “Spit it, get on.  Don’t be scared to admit you gotta bitch on living TV.  Ain’t you love her?  Is she a good woman?”
“This isn’t about me.”
“You ripped a whore before, I can know by looking on you.  Don’t ya’?”  Scar was getting kinda jizzed up, being a big star what all them folks were eyeballing on the tele-tube.  Wasn’t as good as other times, ‘cause his lingual skills deteriorized something nasty.
“Do you have any response?  Is the hyper-poem a fake?”
“I ain’t even figured what it is, how can I guess on it’s fake?  I’m the ringleading, you get, like the spokesman who really runs the dance.  I use that – actually, I ain’t gonna tell y’all on that part.  It’s a hell of a biscuit, I love it.  I hope they ain’t sue me for getting catched.  I like it when business affiliates go bad on you.”
“You like it?”
“I mean I ain’t.  Sorry, I fall confused sometimes.  Low blood pressure, or something.”  He sucked on the air, pulling that chest full and at the stomach.  He turned out from them fools and held it.  They yakked, but he paid no attentive till he done his three breaths and got himself calm so he could speak again normal.  This was fun.  He turned back.
“Who are they?”
“Who are who?”
“The other part of the Goat triumvirate.”
“Screw you, jughead, I know what that word means.”  He snorted.  “I don’t know their damn names, man.  I can’t even remember my own mother’s name, god rest her  bitch ass.  She was a mean woman.”
“But if no one can win the prize, then how can you stage the contest?”
“I never said I had all the answers.  What prize?  What contest?”
Some skirty in the front row told him.  She liked him, he could see it in her eyes, and he seduced her visually while she asked him something.  She stopped talking.
“What did you say?”
She started yapping again, sounded like some little dog with her squeaky little voice and then some SOB’s cell-phone rang.  “Leave and don’t come back.  I don’t like them things.  They give my brother skin cancer.”  Blondette, two o’clock, point and shoot.  “What were we talking about?  Who are you, anyway?”
“My name’s Candy.  There was a contest to find the real Goat.  A gentleman pointed you out.”
He waited, but she didn’t say no more.  “Yeah, good for him.  Did you fuck him?  That’d be a hell of a prize.”
“No.”  She was too cool for her britches, this kitten.  “He won a million dollars and one cent.”
She looked at her notepad, then looked back at him and cleared her throat.
“Is there a question in there, somewhere, toots?  Cause I ain’t hearing it.”
“Any comment?”
“Good for him.  I guess he owes me a beer.  If I’d a known about the damn contest, I’d a’ turned myself in.”
“There’s another contest to solve the hyper-poem.”
“Naw, I can’t even figure out what the shit you people keep mouthing about with that super poem, I don’t figure I’m the dude to solve it.”  He pointed at the eye candy who’d already asked that dumbass thing.  “Tell me what color your panties are, brownie, and I’ll let you get another question.”
“They’re black.  Is the hyper-poem a fake?  What does your gut tell you?”
“Quit asking the same shit over and over.  You know, that’s the damn problem with this country.  People say the same shit too much.  Say some different shit for once in your life.  When’s the last time you had a orgasm?  You need one, nipple-buttons.  Find a stud tonight.  I got five bucks I’ll loan you, take him to the movies or something.”
“You can’t take a date to the movies for that.”
“Dammit, don’t you ever young?  Your pay, he greases in what you open the sneaky door.  Kids ain’t no damn fun anymore.  You’re each pussies.”
“Where did they find you?”
“Oh, that’s a good question, button-hole.  You’re high, don’t you?  I wish I am.  I can’t remember where they found me.  There wasn’t a big water-tower, though, and a squaggle of damn white college punk-ass kids.  Some chiclets, too, a crush a’ the pink.”

“There wasn’t?”
“What?”
“You said there wasn’t a big water tower and it got kind of confusing.”
“Welcome to my head.”  He pointed at random.  “You.”
“Do you like your new fame?”
“Pretty much.  You like following me?”
She nodded.
“You should.  You’re getting it on with Scar Jones.”
“How do you intend to pay the million dollars?”
“What million pesos?”
“The Goat contest.  For naming you.”
“I don’t gonna pay shit.  I don’t got no money.”
“What do you intend to do about the obligation?”
“Was it a pumper?”
“A what?”
“You know, a hot chick.”
“No, it was a man.”
“Then tough titty.”
“Did you just say ‘tough titty?’”
“Sure did.  Fuck ‘im.  Show’s over folks, I gotta take a shit.”


Poverty 

http//goat:zero
I would like to name this bit of posturing the Goat Zero blog, or more simply the Zero blog.  Why this blog?  Why this spectacle?  I seek to understand myself and this furious land.  Goat is a social experiment with two forks.  First, a free-form commentary by Scar Jones on the world today, as defined by commercialism, television, and the internet.  We will see how it unfolds.  
Second, how am I a product of my culture?  Or, more precisely, how could I not be?  Where do my points of escape lie?  How can I be my own man, dodging the rigors of the tiny approach?  I enact a fatal error; I long to make a difference.  But that is of little consequence.  Making mistake after mistake, I walk an unmistaken path.
Where to begin?  Let us commence our isolate paean to modernity’s ills and ingenuity upon the central topic, that crux and lever of all our lives: money.  But I know little of it first-hand, so I will examine its opposite and, to most of the earth’s population, definition.
Why is poverty such a grave insult to self-esteem?  I have no ethical difficulty with money.  I do not believe money is the root of all evil nor love of money, as it is more accurately and less frequently quoted.  My problem is personal.  Money and I simply do not agree, in the manner of a stomach-ache.  The general consensus is that success is based on wealth, an idea not unique to the modern age.  Typically it has been coupled with the title of nobility.  These days, if one is not good at money, one is deemed a failure.  And I am not good at it.
But that isn’t the part that aggrieves me.  My hostility towards it is that I believe I am a failure based on that logic.  I am helpless to disagree.  I suppose we need some central standard of value or the general populace won’t know what to do with their social experience.  People need, it seems, to rank themselves and others (as if we were all search engine results, which we are).  Of course, there exist subcultures, social eddies, where the amount of money one has is not the principal measure of individual value.  But at some level, such ethic ever abides.  It is a fundamental American outlook, which the rest of the world cannot quite grasp.
Examine the next homeless man you see.  Try to conceive of him as a success and not a failure.  You can say or think the words, but the lie is put to the page by the absurdity of its resonance.  Perhaps the man has gained a gauge to his own soul, based on his suffering, that the rest of us will never know, distracted as we are by goats and games and the empty flash of this sterile age.
Though I do not enjoy it, it has great rewards: My vow of poverty is my self-punishment for being American.  It is, I think, a type of original sin.  How can one not, should the world eat itself as it looks that it may, not blame the Americans, even if that is oneself?  For me, the blame prevails; the only penance to have little.  Thus I strive against that deeply planted greed, my native inheritance.  By my poverty, I ease my shame.  But the poverty, as I have said above, creates its own embarrassment.  But I prefer this gauche state, it does not hide from me as would the other.  Were I wealthy, I would most likely immerse myself within my possessions, pretending I have no honteuse American.
We cannot really believe someone has succeeded without money to mark it.  That is the most horrible statement I can make about our day, for I know people of infinite kindness and tremendous wisdom.  I long to conceive of them as successful.  They fulfill a far superior goal of life: they are decent human beings.  And yet, if they lack a great purse, I cannot see them in the light they deserve.  I have been trained not to.
And why is it thus?  So many of wealth and means live in pettiness and misery while so many without live in relative or even absolute joy.  I tell all and myself, though neither listen, this pervasive outlook is the great blight of our day.  Friends of mine know a billionaire and he feels, by all accounts, unworthy in his peerage because he possesses only a single, and not multiple, billions.  Where does it end?
My lesson is one that I cannot seem to learn, but we all know logically.  It is an age old truth: wealth is not happiness.  And the corollary: we cannot stop seeking it no matter how bold this verity is drawn into our lives.  Why?  There is no longer a replacement.  Religion may be the opiate of the masses, but no one really believes in God anymore, else why would act the way they do?  Where does that leave us in the West?  Church is nothing but a social event for most.  We believe in rigorous science today and will accept nothing without proof.
Except, we say, for God.  But not me.  God is a fraud.  If he cannot even communicate, then he is not real.  Possibly he died long ago, or got lost, or forgot his way.  Perhaps he no longer cares or never did.  It makes no difference.  God will not make me wealthy, no matter how much I trust in him.  Blame me if you must, but I cannot make myself believe.
But to return to the topic at hand: if I cannot afford a thing my mind tells me I need, the shadow of failure looms hard upon me.  How strange is that when I am doing what I love?  I live in an abundance of ideas, blessings, and beautiful friends, yet the shameful stench of poverty is on me, like the odor of a dead rat.  No one approaches, save the feckless and the few, the tiny minority who value sanity above wealth.


Griefer 

Llort lived in Pawtucket, Mass and hated it.  The place made him feel like an obese rat, so he spent most of his time on-line.  He linked in his goat.troll blog, but something kept breaking the link.  He wasn’t a top-flight info-man, but this was too much.  It was scary.  And it wasn’t all.
Llort was getting griefed in Boston Commons, his online game, by somebody whose name was an ellipsis followed by a long string of numbers.  “Coke adds life,” the guy said.  “Buy US bonds.”  Then the icon appeared to slip and stabbed Llort’s in the belly with a butterknife.  It was a non-violent game so harm only came through ‘accidents.’  He almost lost his job because of all that time in the hospital.
The guy visited every day, saying how sorry he was in ALL-CAPS.  What a broken record.  Llort’s real phone rang when he was sleeping, woke him up to the sight of the screen saver which monitored his character, also called Llort.  The character’s IV had been cut and doctors were all around, trying to save his life.  A large pool of blood lay on the floor.  A mask came over his face for anesthesia and he looked into the eyes of  the surgeon who had accidentally stabbed him with the butter knife.  The screen went blank.
Griefer.  He thought about quitting, just not going back, but he loved the game and he’d worked on it a lot.  The graphics were amazing.  They almost made Llort feel like he had a life via his $3000 home gaming system computer.  He even had a witch for a girlfriend, but he couldn’t stand her.  She was pretty, but high maintenance, and the sex wasn’t good or frequent.  He hated talking to her.  Potions, charms, spells, it was like Harry Potter in grad school. 
But it was all he had so he didn’t break it off.  He wondered what her reason was.
Then Pi came into his life.  She was a sorceress, and a gruelingly beautiful icon who asked him for a job as a lab assistant.  She was a red-head, a foot taller than him, and three weeks after starting, she took him dancing at Boom-Booms, a pick-up bar.  She bought some X.  They wound up at his online bachelor pad in graphic animated coitus.  They did it all several times while he jerked off in the flesh.
He left for campus, let her stay in his bed.  She kissed him goodbye, before work, and, by noon, had him brought up on sexual harassment charges .  He was suspended by the end of the day.
He didn’t leave home for a week.  Pi knocked on his door.  He had quit shaving and his hair was a mess.  
“Oh, it’s you.”
“Can I come in?”
He held the door pressed against his foot with no comment.
“C’mon, I’m not all bad.”
“No, that’s wrong.  You’re all bad.  I don’t like griefers.”
“Hmm, hypocrisy.  But what could one expect from a mere troll?”
“It’s different.”
“How?”  Pi’s hip cocked and she leaned back in a sexy pose.  “I really am curious.”
Llort didn’t answer.
“Care to know my full name?”
He shrugged.
“It’s EntroPi.  I have a male aspect called Entropy.”
The icon morphed into a muscular man who knocked the door open and the orc down.  He put his knee on the orc’s chest, pulled a red army knife and held it to his throat.
“You’re a griefer, you just want to make my life suck.  This character took months of intensive gaming to develop.  I almost had tenure.  You’re a dick.”
“Grow up.  You’re a troll.  It’s just life.  Sometimes people hate you for no reason.  You’re lucky it didn’t happen in-skin.”
“Maybe it did.”
Entropy let him up.  He pulled a beer out of the orc’s refrigerator.
“You drink Bud?  Does your skin drink it, too?”
“No, it seemed like an orc beer.  What do you drink?”
“Sam Adams.  I’m a patriot.”
“Why are you doing this?”
“I’m bored.”  Entropy smashed the Bud against the wall and took another.  Llort called the police.  When they arrived, Entropy handed them a wad of cash and they left.
“What if I shot you?”
“Get a gun and try,” Entropy said.
“How can you …?”
“Do this?  Ha.  You’re in a little trap I made called a duck blind.  This isn’t the real game.  There is a character called Professor Llort in that game, but this is an exact copy of that game.  Every move you make is duplicated here and there.  The only difference between the two is your password.”  Entropy put the beer to his lips, then stopped.  “Until now.”
“What’s the difference now?”
“Now he’s dead.”
“What if I complain to the owners of the real Boston Commons?”
“Go ahead, you’re talking to him.”
“How many duckblinds do you have?”
Entropy’s icon looked up.  “17,256.  Every player, that is.”
“You grief them all?”
“No, just one.”
“What do you want?”
“Maybe we can make a deal.  You’re goat.troll aren’t you?”
“What?  I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“I’ll give you the game, including profits, if you simply admit it.”
“I don’t want the game, I just want my life back.”
“Even easier.  Are you goat.troll?”
Llort paused.  “Yes.”
His screen went blank.

He went to the internet café and logged onto Boston Commons.  He was lying on his office floor in a pool of blood.
“You’re dead, you can’t move.”
Pi rolled a cigarette, then lit a strike anywhere match on her front tooth.  She inhaled, then blew it into his face.  “I want you to expose a Goat.”
“Expose?”  The icon’s voice burbled with blood.
“Yes.  Are you a noob?  I’ve seen your work.  It’s not top-tier, but it’s not bad.  I’ll make it easy.  Go on live-journal and find the goat story that predates the blogs.”
“Make my character better.  Heal me.”
“I can’t.”
“I thought you were the owner of this game.”
“No, Entropy owns it.”
“But aren’t you just his female-”
She put a finger on his lips.  “If only it were so simple.  Llort, you’re water wheel trick has put you in the arena.  You’re a gladiator now and you have to really fight.”
His arm moved.  Llort tried to move more body parts, but it made his icon weak.  Pi put the cherry of her cigarette against the couch cushion.  She pushed the burning cigarette through the hole it made.
“You’re going to kill me?”
“No, the fire will.  Today, I’m an arsonist, not a murderer.”
“You’re just a griefer.”
“Your graphics are sub-par.  You blur in the extremities and your expressions are poor.  You really shouldn’t build your own icons.”  She wrote on the back of a sticky note and pasted it over his right eye.  Transient Experience, 105 and 3rd.  “7 o’clock.  I’ll be wearing sunglasses.”
“What’s Transient Experience?”
She laughed and shook her head.  “Figure something out for yourself.  One clue: Manhattan.”
“I need more.  How will I know you?”
“I’ll have grey eyes and your balls in my hand.”
The couch caught fire when she closed his office door.

Atgo Erzo

Entropy made the television commercial for Goat, then plugged it over hundreds of legit commercials.  It took some clever hacking and an inside connect to ABC, but he managed to steal the first spot during the State of the Union address.  For the first twenty-five seconds, the commercial showed a slowly rotating Earth in space.  Then, a loud thunk, and a red rubber stamp style word appeared at a diagonal stretching across the planet.  The word was Goat, upside down and backward.  
Another commercial, which ran simultaneously on 750 cable stations nationwide, showed a goat eating grass.  At the end it looked at the camera and bleated, “You’ve been bad.”
During and after, Entropy searched for goat1, not to establish identity, but to open a coms link.  He turned half of the 500 in thirty-six hours, but some were tight, had used internet cafes on the move, and posted only the one thing.  He suspected Goat1 operated in a similar manner.  The software used to set up the blogs was bulletproof, too.  No traces lay behind it for the Goats.  He connected the design, though, to someone claiming to be female.  A tough cookie, he cracked into her operation after a few days.  Her handle was Pi.
Atgo Erzo, she said, and disappeared.  The cracks were gone with her, then her operation vanished like smoke.  It had been a lure, for him.  The skin got a hard-on.
He anagrammed it: goat zero.  He found a dot zero domain with all ownership traces erased by an expert hand, most likely this Pi.  He wondered if she was an identity flipper, a man pretending, then decided she was actually his own femme fatale.
Goat.zero.  He hit the address.
He got black and white note: This site is gone forever.
Goat wasn’t on the dot zero domain anywhere.  The botnet turned it inside out, searching.  Atgo Erzo was listed as the originator, but that was not a real-name.  The real ownership traces were skillfully erased.  They had been minimal in the first place.
The botnet rolled up a blog entry by some guy on livejournal taking care of a chateau in France.  Entropy chuckled at the blog entry.  He had photos of a goat that had trapped itself on a high ledge with a story about how hard it was to get it down.  The post pre-dated the internet goat thing by two months.  Entropy had the botnet cross-check the I.D.’s with the 258 goat’s they had tracked to birth names.  The Skin seldom knew birth names.  He knew online handles and had the botnet keep the birth names secret from the skin.
He spent a few days carving out an expert system at goat finding.  It took about three seconds and it referenced chevre.goat, one of the 500.  Chevre was the French word for goat cheese.  Chevre hadn’t done much of anything as goat.  He didn’t seem to care.  Entropy tied chevre.goat with the chateau caretaker.  They were the same.
It didn’t look like the right person at all for goat zero, so Entropy exposed him.  He used a hacker by the handle of Toyz to go for a claim on the million, pointing at chevre.goat as the originator of the whole goat phenomenon.  Two days and forty major articles later, the goat watchers all knew that chevre was not the original.  Meantime, Entropy kept searching.
The botnet kicked him a news report of a sniping death.  The victim was one of the Goats, goat.taog.  Having started the taog domain just for the game, he was a computer engineer who drove a five speed Porsche and bragged about being one of the Goats.  Someone calling himself Goat Killer claimed credit for it.  Squarehead’s operation.  Two days later, another Goat died and it made national news.  The next day, Scar had his now legendary press conference.
He programmed the botnet to build a 20 billion set database cross-referenced to all non-base text entries, any headlines, titles or bloglines in the dot com.  He did a drill-down into the data and pulled out a four-dimensional table with all permutations of goat and zero.  Not bad, only 250 million.  He set the botnet loose on it.
Pi watched him, he could feel her presence.
-Hey, baby, quit looking over my shoulder.
-Why?
-Leave or help.
-Did you check the zero domain?
-Cross-ref’d 14,287,000 permutations on dot zero, thanks.
-I mean the other zero domain.
-???
She left him with his dick in his hand.  What a player.  She didn’t have his skills, but she sure had that thing to work at the grandmaster level.
Entropy found no other zero domains.  He checked for a domain with the numeral zero, with anagrams of zero, and with dot zer.  He tried zip, nada, zilch and hundreds of others.  Nothing.  He scattered messages for Pi across the net.
-More help.
-It won’t kill you to be a little lost.
-Nothing will.  I’m immortal.  I’m written into the triple W.
-Where?
-I am the dot.  Where is Goat?
-Hmm.  Too bad, some people are no good at punctuation.  You are the dot, eh? Perhaps whom you seek is beyond the dot.
She checked out and blocked him.  Entropy scanned the dark web for anagrams of goat zero.  He reprogrammed his botnet to find it, then diffused into the network space.  Vastness beyond thought rolled through and out, extinguishing mind for fourteen hours thirty-seven minutes and twenty two seconds.
Not in the dot.  A colon!  He thought it and the botnet found it in a picosecond: goat zero, using a colon instead of a period.  The colon was invisible.  Finder’s keepers.  He organized his network for a take-over.  He broke it by accident; there was no password.  Genuis!  Entropy wanted to play.  He didn’t take it after all.  The missing thirteen lines was the first entry.  It was titled Ethics of Goat.
Possessing the higher wealth, Goat needs no gold.  I vow us into poverty: No profit shall be made
‘The warrior with a broken heart can never be corrupted’
Have no name, seek no fame
No deception, No fabrication, No bonds: true, natural, and free
Take aim at what you wish to change, and fire, then build that higher
Drop all walls and, In let the storm crash. Chaos invite: in that simplicity abide.
Face fear, thus fearlessness; true courage is soft.  Brave, gentle, kind.
Each point is an infinite choice, never quit the path of awakening
The wise is no different than the fool
There was a time you could do whatever you want: Now
Failure is our joy
Seek a true ethic; Virtue is a friend, not a master.
Love what needs love, destroy what must end
Swiftly cut hesitation; only this moment anyone has

Entropy linked to another entry, dated two months earlier: Origins.

-Whatever arises is merely the play of the mind.  This truth I offer, but do not own.
I am Goat and that is my internet persona.  This is my hidden blog for hidden reasons.  Though Goat is not my given name, it may be my real name, capturing some abstruse essence, some quality of my personal myth.  Do we all have those, a mystic inner self, a face that faces away from the madness of the world?  I pray that we do and each finds it.  Goat is a dreamer seen wrong, a fanciful spirit with a refined, private nature, an inner body of light, and a coarse, almost grotesque, external manifestation.
Perhaps Goat is the real me; perhaps I hide in my physical life, where in this anonymous world, I need not.  By hiding my name, all else can be revealed.  I shall try.  
Though facing certain difficulties, I would like to tell my story.  First, how does one portray oneself?  The tendency to self-aggrandize or self-deflate is strong.  The almost certain knowledge that one will misrepresent oneself, more so by not intending to, is woven into the page’s whiteness.  Who would not ignore their smaller, distasteful acts, their shame?  Well, let us take it as given that all of us have these and perhaps my omissions of detail may be forgiven.  As it affects the story, I set it before you, non-existent reader.
How can one accurately present who one is?   I believe it impossible, but in any event, I proceed.  It is such an obstacle, that it makes it difficult to know where to begin.  I have hidden this blog in multiple ways.   Will anyone read it?  I do not know.  I hope and doubt not, yet harbour a veiled wish that all the world shall.  I desire to post something of pith and meaning.  If I succeed, I wish it known and read.  I want an audience.  Even there, I slip from myself.  Does what I write possess any value?  At times I believe so; at times I think it foolish nonsense.
No matter.  I have begun an odd project.  Here is that story.
Dot zero made Goat an underground name, but that was before I was known as Goat.  I hadn’t launched the persona online, yet.   Many wanted a dot zero domain name.  It was my greatest (only?) success to date, and in 21st century style, I lost money on it.  I didn’t care about that, I wanted a reputation.  In another 21st C footnote, I started it on a whim.  ‘True success, it seems, comes from nothing and leads nowhere.’  It was one of my blog mottos.
I registered .zero at godaddy.com under the name Atgo Erzo (hinting at Goat, but not yet announcing) and the next day I had my first client.  A prize porcine breeder wanted pig.zero.  He was happy to pay $35, but Goat laughed, knew at that instant that money would never be the target and gave it away for a third of a cent.  The third-cent domain name was something nobody noticed for six months.  I forgot about the dot zero domain.  But pig.zero, whose name I never knew, didn’t forget about me.  Pig got thirty-five odd hits a day and always remembered the person who gave him his site.  He threw a thanks to Goat in his farmers newsletter, and a farm-boy who loved surfing put the link in a better spot.  Ten people signed up the next day, and twelve more the day after.  It ramped up to thirty.  Goat sent out a free t-shirt to one person every day, each uniquely worded so everyone got their own. Goat gave it away and people loved it.  It kept me broke.  I made a half-serious vow to exceed dot-com in number of names.
A mid-level company noticed and tried to buy it out for thirty grand, but the Goat part of me wouldn’t sell.  It wasn’t about the money.  They wanted it, though, and struck with frivolous lawsuits.  Soon, dot zero was on the financial rocks.  I walked away.

Wanting, perhaps, vengeance of an oblique sort, a few months later I called my friend J.  As a child, she was a third world refugee named T when she read the Marquis de Sade and changed her name.  She speaks her birth language, but pretends she can’t.  I recorded the conversations without her knowledge and this is a reasonably accurate transcription.  Some physical details have been added for verisimilitude.

“’Sup, doll-face?”
“Hey, K-.”
“Don’t call me that anymore when we’re alone.”
“Could we really be alone when we’re not even together?”
“Actually, that’s only way.  Call me Goat, now.”
“Oh, yeah?” She laughed.  “Why?”
“It’s important.  I’ve got a spoor, J, I’m on the hunt.  I don’t know what it is, yet.”  I made a horizontal circling double hand gesture even though she couldn’t see me, then sucked my teeth.  “I’m giving us code names.”
“Goat it is.  What’s mine?”
“J.”
“But that’s just the first letter of my name.”
“I can address you in that way, you’ll understand, and it’s not your name.  Correct?”
“I suppose.”
“Therefore it’s a codename.”
“Well, I don’t like it.  Give me another.”
“Maybe later.  I have to think of it.”
“All right.  What can do I for you, Goat?”
“Let me mount you.”
“You mean sex?”
“Duh.  Let me undress you and do what I want.”
“I’ll consider it.  Might be fun.”
“Might?!”
“I’ll consider it, but only if you shower.”
“Hmm, nah, too much work.  I’ll settle for a hand job.”
“OK, what’s the skinny?  Why are you calling?”
“The skinny?  Who’ve you been hanging out with?”
“Um, prostitutes and drug people.”
“Hey, leave my family out of this.  Bring the whores, though.  I like whores, they’re funny because they’re sad.”
“I don’t know if I can call you Goat.”
“You can and you will, otherwise I post the pix of you naked in my bed.”
She laughed.  “I think that was my mother.”
“Really?  Wow, all you people look the same to me.  She was a capital ‘T’ tiger in the sack, though.”
“You’re on a real tear today.  Get to the point, I’m at work.”
“There is no point, that’s the point.  Anyway, this Goat thing is for real and I want to up it. I want to be an internet artist.  Keep it on the D.L., OK?”
“What’s the D.L?”
“The down low.  Don’t tell anybody.”
“Oh, yeah, fine.  I’ll try to keep it a secret.”
“You laugh, but here comes the merchandise phase.  Goat dinnerware and coffee mugs, the goat video game, goat boxers.  Big markets, all.”
“Oh, yeah, you could clear off fifty bucks, maybe more.”
“Clear off?  You mean ‘clear,’ my little Engrish mangler.”
“Really?  No, I think you’re wrong.  I think you clear off money.”
“Mm-hm.  You were how old when your boat washed ashore on America’s mighty shore?  Five?”
“Something like that.”
“Okay, you’re right then, it’s clear off.  Speaking of that very thing, I need money.”
“Ooh-kay.  How much?”
“Forty grand.”
“Forty grand?  What’s the investment?  It better be good.”
“I intend to pay people to blog.”
“People do that for free.”
“But this is special.  It’s my career.”
“I don’t see any money in it.  How do I get the principal back?”
“Fuck the principal.  It’s not about money.”
“Um, you asked to borrow forty grand, so it is about money.”
“I didn’t ask to borrow forty grand.  I’m telling you to give me forty grand.  C’mon, fork it over.”
“I don’t know.  You know I love your crazy plans, but that’s a lot of bread.”
“Bread?  You really should quit getting words from seventies TV.  You’ve got it and you know it.  Don’t let money rule it all, J.  Let the world be about something else.  If we don’t, no one will.”
“There’s no way.  I love your enthusiasm, I always have, you know that, but people would think I was crazy.”
“Fuck ‘em.  Who cares?  Don’t tell ‘em.  It’s your goddamn money, now give me some.  Help me change the world, even if no one notices.”
“There’s no profit in it.”
“Listen, I know you and I know that your years of high-paid corporate ass-kissing never touched your soul.  You’re still clean, in spite of tremendous success.  Now you can prove it.”
“What do you intend on doing with the money?”
“Look, Goat is real.  Hey, that’s a t-shirt.  Chances are, yes, everything is lost.  Most likely, it just vanishes down the hole.  But maybe, we make an icon.  I intend to be the most famous anonymous on Earth.  Now cut me a check.”
“Based on this phone meeting?  I see no ROI.  There’s nothing here.”
“I see two things here: a coward and a beggar.”
“There’s nothing in it for me.”
“My career is to create the most unique underground persona in history.”
“That’s a big phrase, in history.”
“I’m a big thinker.  Internet buffoonery.  A group without unifying identity.  Anti-profit.  Goat should never make a cent.  I say it, now:” I held up my hand, “I take a vow of poverty.  Everything this world holds dear is wrong and insane.  I vow to never be wealthy.”
“No. It’s too dumb for me.”
“C’mon, I watched you be a chicken-shit in Paris.  Don’t make me do it again, here.”
“It’s actually very touching.  You’re trying to be noble.  It’s cute, your little vow of poverty.”
“So you’ll give me the money?”

J met me for lunch the next day at Pizza Willy’s.  We sat outdoors in green metal chairs under the shade of an elm.
“I’ll give you five large, cupcake.”  She actually used those words.
“Oh, Christ, did you watch Goodfellas last night, or what?”
“No, the Sopranos and it was over a week ago.  Five G’s, is that better?”
“No, forty’s better, but I’ll take seven, you skinflint.”
“What’s a skinflint?”
“Tightwad, cheapskate, Scrooge.  Don’t embarrass yourself, give me seven thou.”
“Okay, okay.  It’s a deal, partner.”  She sipped her pint of amber and lit one of her expensive cigarettes.  “You know, I only smoke when I’m with you.”
“Who said anything about partners?  You want in, you work for me.  I don’t care how many mindless drones squirm under your hobnailed boots in corporate robotville.  That résumé means dick-all here.  I’m the boss.”
She laughed.  “God, you’re too funny.  Fine, you’re the boss.  Tell me your wishes, oh, master.”
“Better.  Your first assignment is to cut me the seven large and sign the papers agreeing that you’ll never sue for sexual harassment, because it’s gonna happen.  Here’s the plan.  I want as many different people as we can get to start a blog at the same time, the same instant.  The blog must include the word ‘goat’ in the address.  Each one signs up at a rigorously anonymous site and gets a line of poetry that they post.  Twenty-four hours later, they do what they want.”  I leaned in and whispered.  “Except they must follow the code.”
“What’s the code?”
I leaned back.  “In progress, but no profit shall be made is the principal slogan.  I need you to design that sign-up site, too.”
“I can make that happen.  Easy as a piece of cake.”
“No.  Just piece of cake, not easy as.”
“That doesn’t sound right.”
“Well, easy as pie or it’s a piece of cake.  Either way, not both.”
“Yeah, all right.  Anyway, no problem.”
“You’re so amazing I’d bang you right now, you know that?”
“In front of all these people?”
“That’s the only option.”
“All right.  Serious.  How do we get the people?”
“Viral marketing.”
“I’ve heard of that.”
“You bet your ass you have.  It’s some kind of dumb business bullshit.  I intend to use it against you people.”
“How?”
“We’re going to hire the weirdest son of a bitch we can find to go around saying he’s Goat and handing out cards.  I’ve got your new nickname, by the way.”  I paused dramatically, pulled on the cigarette and blew out.  “Barbie Blue Eyes.”
“Hmm.  But I don’t look anything-”
“Barbie Blue Eyes.  It’s a great fucking name, I spent all night thinking it up.  Now like it.  Where’s my money?”
  She pulled out her checkbook. 
“No way.  Cash.  By noon tomorrow.”
“What?  C’mon.”
“Cash, and no receipts.  It has to be untraceable.  It’s like the movies or it’s just no fun.”  I took another drag and handed her the cigarette.  “You know, I could make a better day for our children with forty grand.  Still, I can do a lot with seven.  You’ll never see it again, you know.  I won’t pay you back even if I get rich, which I won’t.”
“You never have before, why start now?”

We set up auditions for Goat.  We hid in the shadows, with blinding lights on the stage.  No auditioners were to see us, and we didn’t tell people what they were auditioning for.  After forty people sucked, I was tired and J was just putting up with it.  Everyone was so damned average, good looking ass kissers for the most part.  One guy, a fat, milky white superloser had interest, but he wasn’t different in that way.  We talked about it endlessly, but never had a definition.
Then, the third to last guy had a grizzled tough look, like a Lee Marvin cyborg, except he was black with natty dredlocks around a sizeable bald spot.  They weren’t designer dreds, either, they were street dreds.  He had a shiny, black beard that he kept twirling so that it ended in a tip.  His scent leaked throughout the theatre. I leaned forward.
“Holy shit, slap me, Barbie Blue.”
“Yeah, I see it and feel it.  It’s way too good to be true.”
He had a patch over his right eye with a scar coming from above and continuing below.
“He has a missing eye,” I whispered.
“I can see!”  We giggled.  “He’s perfect.  Oh, man, I hope his voice is…”
“OK, Mister…,”
He looked out suddenly, like he just realized we were there.  “Jones.  Call me Scar.  What is this?”  His voice had a wandering, throaty quality, with a bass overtone that sounded like an echo.  He seemed to speak in two octaves.
“Scar Jones, then.  That… is awesome.  Did you bring anything to audition?”
“Nope.”
“Why don’t you improv?  Might be better, anyway.”
“What’s improv?”
“Improvisation.  Just make something up.  Are you a real actor?”
He wasn’t.  He was a bum from New York and Texas.  We hired him on the spot.

As I read over the transcript and compare it to the essays written thus far in the blog, I feel uneasy.  They are so different.  A chill infuses me like staying at a strange house alone, walking a dark corridor, the sudden cold feeling of passing through a ghost.  One wonders if the spirit is benign or malignant, but it makes no difference because both chill, both frighten.  Reading this transcript and comparing the speaker following to the writer preceding, they are worlds apart.  
Are we all like that, different people at different time and place, changing with company we keep or in solitude?  It seems so, but why does it cause me fear?  I think I am Someone, but there is no one in particular I am.  How can I be both of these people?  The question haunts: Who am I?

Damn.  Entropy liked this guy.  He tagged Goat’s activity.  He was online so Entropy forced a chat window to pop up.
-Goat zero.  You are discovered.
-That was freaky.  How did you find me?
-It’s called a botnet, 400 million nodes and a little advice from a friend.
-A botnet?  Do you know who I am, then?
-I could, but I choose not to.  I do not seek your identity.
Goat sent him a chat invite on another program and he refused it.
-You have concerns about my software?
-Well, yes.  What’s wrong with my chat?
-I might be forced to know your identity.  You would be more visible to others as well.  My program keeps you anonymous.  Difficult to explain.
-Explain it anyway.
-No.  It is a policy level instruction to my botnet to keep your identity from me.
-Oh, you’re protecting me?
-Not exactly.
-What, then?
-Respect.  You are not, nor will you ever be, a grandmaster, but you possess a beautiful style.  You’re a virtuoso.
-Thanks.  What if I tried to make you know my ID?
-Odd, I didn’t predict that notion.  Do you wish to?
-I really have nothing to lose.  Why not tell you?
-Please don’t.  Not finding this out maintains your opus.  My knowing the name of your skin would weaken your work.
-All right, then, I remain Goat Zero.  Are you the one who co-opted my plan?
-Co-opted?  Ha!  I helped make it great.  Your glory, your idea.  I just added to it.  I was a sort of junior partner. 
-What do you want?
-I want to work more with you, take it where it needs to go.
-Where’s that?
-We’ll see.  It’s still coming together.  Next phase: make Scar a superstar.
-Interesting.  Why not?  But how?
-Leave it to me.  Trust me, that’ll be the easy part.
-Partnership? Is that what you said.
-Maybe.  Why?
-Who are you?
-Call me Entropy.
-Tell me more.  What’s your story?  Why are you like this?  How did you get all this power?
-Ex-Delta force.  An officer, a captain.  I’ve seen some things you wouldn’t believe.  Lots of death.  We did some nasty missions.  A very elite squad, we shaped third world dominions.  We were the best.  My team, I was the C.O.  Then, the elections, a different governing idea.
-And they were done with you?
-Hardly.  They felt we were dramatically underutilized.  They sought to create enhanced potential.
-Meaning?
-Medical experimentation.  Chemicals, surgery.  They asked for a volunteer, several, actually.  One procedure was to make a sort of expert problem solver.  Another was designed to make someone physically indefatigable.  The third was to create super-intuition.  The procedures were risky and painful.  No one wanted to volunteer, but someone had to.  I volunteered for all three.  They decided that the first two were compatible, but not the third.  So, after my surgery and chemicals, I was different.  I haven’t slept in almost ten years.  My IQ, if you place stock in such things, can no longer be measured.
-It can’t be measured?
-I get every question right.  I’ve taken thousands of tests and never missed a question.  That wasn’t the case at first, and of course, this is with the botnet.
-What’s the botnet?
-It’s a sort of wide area network.  I have a bot, which is basically a reprogrammable piece of software, on hundreds of millions of computers scattered all over the world.  Other people’s computers, and corporate computers.  I have access to a lot of data.
-Wow.  What if I called the police and reported you?
-The police?  Don’t make me laugh.
-All right, then.  The CIA.
-Do you have a death wish?
-You’d kill me?
-No.  They would.  The CIA is aware of my existence, but they leave me alone.
-Why?
-They can’t find me, they know of me only peripherally.  My smokescreen there is complicated, but trust me, they aren’t looking.
-Why not?
-I’m inside their system.  If they look for me, I’ll know it.  I’ll drop their network like a house of cards.
-You’re in the CIA system?  You’re some kind of super hacker wizard?  How did you get in?
-Botnet.  Anyway, it’s not as tough a crack as you might think.  Other places are much harder.
-Like where?
-Almost any third world dictator.  They’re all paranoid.  They keep their data out of the loop, completely unconnected.  I can see what they do online, but not their secrets.
-How do I know any of this is true?
-Pick a name of anyone.
-All right.  My uncle.
-John or Leonard?
-Yikes.  John.
-His CIA file is now on your hard drive.  Look on your desktop.  I’ll wait while you examine it.
-Looking.

-OK, yeah, he served in Vietnam and was a corporal in gunnery battalion.  He saw two pitched battles.  He doesn’t drink or smoke and he has two kids, a boy and a girl.  He’s an engineer and likes to sail.  It’s in there.  It’s all true.  I found out some things about him I didn’t know.  He’s in an anti-gun lobby.
-You’re afraid.
-Yeah.  Your power scares me.  And people have died from this thing.  I didn’t want that and didn’t expect it.  You’re the first person who’s found me.  I want you on my side.
-Foolish, thinking that a $100,000,000 prize would create no stir.
-Wasn’t my idea.  Anyway, I knew a stir would happen, but dead people?  Doesn’t happen with the lottery.
-Don’t be so sure.
Entropy waited, got no response. 
-I will help you.  What are your terms?
If Goat Zero wanted money, Entropy would scrap the project and move to a different game.  Responses to money were too predictable.
-I want to win the million and one cent for naming goat, remain anonymous, and appear to win the hundred mil and have it stolen.
Interesting puzzle. 
-No.
-Just a first hit.  How about this: Scar Jones, President?
-Hmm.  Yeah, it’s all about Scar now, isn’t it?
-How much do you want?
-You mean money?  It’s free.  You couldn’t afford my rates, if I had them. 
-What do I do?
-Keep up with your blog.
-???
-Continue blogging, whatever you want to write.
-Well, okay then.  Easy enough.  Don’t watch me type.
-Only after you post.  Promise.
-I’m really scared.
-Write about it, brother.  Don’t tell it all, but you, in particular, cannot lie.  Tell me a story.
-Who got the other procedure?
-Scar.

Part II
skin meeting 

Llort was terrified.  After a three hour drive from Pawtucket to Manhattan, he took almost an hour to park, semi-illegally.  He spotted Entropy from outside the Transient Experience bar.  He wore a black beanie with a black propeller, Raybans, and ghost white clothes.  Even his shoes were white.  Llort sat down at the barstool next to him.  He had a pencil thin moustache with a tiny trace of a vertical chin beard.  On his fingers were ten matte black rings.  One of them turned lustrous and seemed to light up, then dimmed again.  
“Can I buy you a beer?”
No response.  The fingers moved like alien typing.
“Quit watching my fingers or I’ll break yours.”
“Oh, sorry.  You’re Entropy, aren’t you?”
The sunglasses snapped toward him, and two grey orbs peered over the rim, then lifted back up.  “Who are you?”
“I’m Llort.  You asked to meet here.”
“No, I didn’t.”  The fingers moved rapidly.
“Listen, I should probably thank you for liberating me from that game.  I really needed to get to my life and-”
“Think nothing.”
“What? What’s your deal?”
“You found my skin.  How?”  Entropy picked his beer up without looking and sipped it.
“You asked me here.  Boston Commons.  Ring a bell?”
“Inaccurate.  By the way, I have just taken out several contracts on your life.”  
“What?  Why?”
“Because you found me.  Here are the conditions: If my face becomes known publicly, you die.  If I am offline for more than ten seconds, the contract goes into effect.  Within two minutes, you die.  If I die, you die.”
“What?!?  No.  What?  Don’t do that.  Why?  Look, you asked me here.  What is this?”
“I did not ask you here.  I griefed you, yes, but I almost never meet in the skin.”
“That doesn’t sound fair.”
“It’s your mistake for finding me.”
“Can’t you… I don’t know… extend the time on the contract?”
“This could be a trap.  I griefed you badly, if I remember.  Any revenge attempts will carry a stiff price.”
“I don’t want revenge; I want to thank you.  Really.”
“Really?  Odd, you were heavily invested.  Don’t take it personally, by the way.  Or do, rather, but as a compliment.  I only grief talent.”
“That’s great, but you’re really freaking me out.  You were the woman, Pi, and you said come-”
“Pi?  EntroPi?”
He nodded.
“That is not me.  Pi is…”
“Yes?”
“Pi is not your concern.  She proved her point.  Very well, good for her.”
“Will you cancel that contract?”
Entropy nodded, but it seemed to be about something else.  “No.  But I have softened the terms considerably.  Do not cross me, though.”
“Definitely not, no way.  I do have a question, though.”
Entropy shifted his gaze to him.  It seemed a tacit invitation to ask, but Llort couldn’t be sure.  A few seconds later, the fingers stopped moving and the head turned.  “Well?”
“Um, oh, yeah.  OK.  What if someone took your login with those rings?”
“They could not and would be immobilized if they tried.  It would be very unpleasant, probably fatal.”
“How would your system know?”
“Many levels of detection.”
“Wow, you really live in your head, don’t you?”
“No, but don’t we all?  I live in the net.”
“Why me?”
“I am a Goat watcher.  It amuses me.  And it may prove useful.”
“Goat or Scar?”
“Ideally, both will be involved.”
“Involved?  You’re doing something big.  What is it?  What’s the big plan?”  Llort was excited.  This was for real.
“Many things will change.  This is the beginning.”
Llort leaned forward.  “The beginning? What?”  He felt something sharp against his neck.  Entropy opened his mouth in a feral threat.  Llort froze.
“Keep your distance from me.  I don’t want to accidentally kill you.”
Llort leaned back slowly.  “Yeah, sorry about that.  I was just…real interested.  Fascinated.  This is so cool.  Scary, but cool.”
“Learn physical control.  You’re very easy to read.”
“Right.”  He put his fists down on his thighs and sat up straight.  “Right.  But what’s the plan?  The deal?”
Entropy rotated his head like a machine and contemplated Llort for a long second.  He felt like a piece of merchandise.
“If anyone finds out what I tell you here, I’ll kill you.  No thought, just dead.  Got it?”
“Whoa, yeah.  Who would I tell?  I have no friends.”
“You have a lot of net contacts.  The internet is…you get the idea.”
“Right, no posting, no talking, nothing.  Got it.  Tell me.”
The sunglasses pinned him down like a specimen on a microscope slide.
“Please?”
Entropy laughed.  It was friendly, too, unlike the rest of his persona.
“Scar will be a superstar soon.  He’s the focal point.”  
Llort waited, but there was no more.  “Goat?  What about Goat?”
“Why?  Do you want to be famous?”  He laughed again, but mocking this time, and shook his head.  “Goat dot troll.  You need a life, Llort.”
Llort rolled his hands out.  Entropy nodded, still chuckling.
“Synergy.”
“Synergy.  And?”
“You explain.  Figure it out.  You came here, now learn.  Don’t be thick.  Adapt.”
“Okay.  Synergy.  The Goat thing helps Scar keep famous.  I mean, it plays off Scar’s deal, like in the background.  The two things feed each other, because they’re connected, AND…” Llort got so excited with his insight that he almost fell off the stool, “nobody knows the connection.  Everybody’s trying to figure it out, but Scar, because he has no memory, is just a walking smoke screen.  He just makes it more confusing, but still fascinating.  He’s the center, but Goat is still a big deal,” Llort clenched his hands into enthusiastic fists, and bounced them up and down, “especially the Killer guy.  Hey, what about him?”
“What about him?  Scared?”
“Well, yeah.  Of course.”
“Welcome to the big leagues, Llort.”  He laughed again, cruel.  “Dance for your life.”  He seemed to think this was hilarious and more so each time he looked at Llort.
“Why is that so funny?  Are you just callous?”
He stopped abruptly.  “I’ve learned to be.  It’s not a good memory.  I have to laugh or else…”
Llort watched his face closely.  “Or what?”  
Nothing.  
“That bad, huh?”  
He nodded slowly.  “That bad.”
“You said something was going to change.  What?  Hey!  Why don’t you hit the big companies?”
“What do you have against big companies?”
“I thought it was sort of the hacker ideal to hit big corporations.”
“You think I’m a hacker?”
“Aren’t you?”
Entropy laughed like Llort was an idiot.
“Well, I know you’re no ordinary hacker.  Okay, fine.  You’re more than that.  Whatever you are, who cares?  Drop Intel or HP.  Could you shut down their servers?”
“You mean just choke them?  Don’t be a noob.  I’m not a hitman.  There’s no finesse in choking a heavy.”
“I still think you should mess with some big corporations.  If you want to change things.”
“Thanks for the advice, but I’m working on Goat anyway.”
“Do both.  Bring it together.  You could, oh, God, you could… I’ve seen what you can do.  It’s amazing, your skills.”
He cocked his head at Llort, then nodded a tiny bit.  “All right.  I’ll think about it.”
“Did I get you that easily?”
“Well, passion, actually.  I like to see it.  I knew you had it, from the way you played that game, but it’s nice to watch it turn a little more outward.”
“Where does it lead, though?  What happens in the end?  What changes?”
“Scar dies on a major television appearance.  Shot by Goat Killer at the same moment the world monetary system crashes.  How does that sound?”
“Wow.  Nuts.  That’s a crazy thing, there.  When?”
“Probably won’t happen.  Just bouncing ideas around for now.  I don’t want it too planned in advance.  Spontaneity, adaptability.  New possibilities will emerge.  Just watch.  It’s more fun, more… interesting that way.  I’m not really trying to control it so much as set up a lot of energy, get the pieces of our little society moving in different ways.  Does that make sense?”
“Sure.”  Llort bobbed his head.  “Sure, it’s an experiment.  Without controls.  Sociology.  Oh, yeah, I see it.  I like it.  It’s really neat.  Hey, by the way, I was very careful in my internet movements.  I covered my tracks.  How do I know you know who I really am?”
“I don’t care who you are.  But I definitely have your data.”
“Prove it.”
Entropy’s fingers moved and Llort’s cell-phone vibrated.  Before he knew what it was, he said hello to a text message.  Proof enough?
“A bit of free advice, Llort.  Never say your real name again.”
“Did you know who I was the whole time?”
“To be honest, the Skin still doesn’t know.  The botnet keeps real names from me.”
“Wow.  You’re like some kind of new world sorcerer.  That botnet thing.  I’ve heard of those.  I want to hear more about-”
“You won’t.”
“Uh, okay, whatever.”  Then Llort decided, but he had to ask quickly before his fear cut him off.  “Listen, I want in.  Like I said, my life is just stupid.  I may as well be dead.  I mean, nothing dangerous, but, just, something.  We met for a reason, I know it.”
Entropy turned his head like the Terminator and the sunglasses speared him.
“Please?  I want an interesting life.”
He chuckled.  “Well, you’ve come to the right place.  All right, you can join my squad.”
“What do I do?”
“Hmm.  How about…”  He sipped his beer, made a click with his tongue, then set the bottle down with a decisive motion.  “You’re going to follow the Scar.”


misanthrope 

http//:goat:zero
Today, I discuss my ethics, my base, and my theory of being.  If I can be said to sport a philosophy it is this: bear no solid opinion.  It’s served me well, but it becomes difficult to explain my meaning and my thoughts when I am called upon to do so, as I have been of late.  Bear no solid opinion means ‘Do not take your thoughts to be real.’
If I have a mission, it is to seek the real.  Looking about and listening, I discover naught but illusion.  Existence flickers like a candle in a draft, soon it goes leaving only a wisp of smoke and that peculiar and distinct odor.  Why is the scent of a candle stronger the instant after one blows it out?  It seems to me this is a symbol of a man’s life.  For, when a man lives, we think of him little.  He is just, for example, our friend.  But when he dies, the sum of his deeds is limned in the fragrance of his passing.  We smell the man he was by the people he leaves behind and by their attitude towards him in death.  Are they quietly angry?  Relieved he is gone? Bereaved?  Falsely so?  Greedy for his remaindered wealth?
In the best case, they are happy that he lived.  His loved meet his death with a smiling sadness and this is the mark of the good man.  He has wrought some change and left some peace in his parting.  Death is no insult; it is an opportunity to see ourself as we nakedly are.  It is a gift as much as life and as we respect it and allow it to occur in proper time, so do we respect our existence.  Battling death is battling life.  To fight overly against it is to refuse others the dignity of seeing us leave as if it were no grand affair.  To die simply with open eyes and allow anyone to witness is an act of the highest compassion.
And for my part, I long to be more compassionate and more suffused with the good.  I fail each day, but crave again for the profound truth.  I long to understand reality.  It may be no small measure.  I see, perhaps by mistake, that desire for truth and desire for compassion are different.  It is a puzzle and, to me, a serious one.  I asked a wise teacher once how I could yearn so for truth and fall so short on compassion.  
Her answer?  You may not understand your own compassion.

I have begun avoiding others to an almost pathological degree.  If I examine myself from outside, I mistake myself for a misanthrope, but it is not the case.  I love people in all their infinite glory.  They are marvelous; they are individual.  But that quantity is so secreted these days.  Who people seem is never who they are.  It is not a disparagement or a view based on their malice.  I merely observe, but with sadness, which is its own judgment.  But I judge myself as well.  I am the worst offender.  
This hiding is a statement of fear.  Genuineness is become shameful.  Revealing oneself raises apprehension, like a ghost when one is alone.  But of what are we afraid?  I cannot name the object of trepidation, but I feel it, just invisible, beyond reach and sight.  The thought of self exposure terrifies.  To do so requires absolute courage.  Craving this fearlessness, I fall ever short and deeply so.  Cowardice is unnatural; why do we live in the state so much?  Perhaps it is only me who does.
The reason for this common approach is one I cannot name.  It is prevalent, like air.  My proof: when we find someone and open together into each other, as we are, letting one another know each other, we see the truth within.  It is a powerful feeling and fundamental to our nature.  I don’t mean sex here, or even romantic feelings.  Just friends who share naked presence.  
I feel strongly this current situation, this confusedness of identity, was not always the norm.  There have been times in the past when people were who they were, without twisting away in subtle and gross measure.  There was a time when complexity and noise did not drown out the simplicity and peace of the individual soul.  Progress is not happiness.  Can this be understood?  Pharmaceuticals have made deep counters against depression, but instances of said malady were far lower any other time in history.  We are depressed by the ease of our lives, it almost seems.  Or perhaps we simply have the time to be so.
Happiness comes only from a mind immune to the vicissitudes of life, but not in the manner of ignoring.  In the way of the mountain.  The better wisdom is acknowledgement and respect of suffering, and greater peace within it.  The mind which finds the deepest lesson in its own pain, a mind unattached to temporary happiness, this is one who knows the true essence of joy.  This is a mighty challenge, far beyond me in this life.  But I aspire to better my spirit.  I trust that nobility walks among us, disguised as a simple friend, and I wish to become that friend to all.
At some point, one must trust and if betrayed, that is the song of reality.  It is the way things are.  If one gives in to bitterness and scorn, becomes a misanthrope in the face of the muck of the contemporary age, one lessens oneself.  The wage of anger is a slow journey to hell, not as punishment, but self-fulfillment.  I have said it before, we find what we project, this universe is our mind alone.  If we dress it in hatred, that is its fruit.  As we point and proclaim, so do phenomena point back.  All things are interdependent.  Your view, your understanding, creates the world around you.  However, this takes time, the full-blown result not being present in the planted seed.
It is called karma. 

cell phone

“You’re dumber than a box of gold cakes.”  Nobody knew what they were so Scar took ‘em inside a little store and pointed at ‘em.  The box said ‘Twinkies.’  “Gold cakes.”
“Is that what you called them as a child?”
“Don’t matter what I called ‘em, I never got none.  Let’s walk to the zoo.”
They set out.  Scar stopped to look at himself in a store window.  He looked pretty bad.  He hadn’t got his hundred bucks in a while and wondered if he’d done lost his job.  He figured he oughtta get cleaned up.
“One of you fins get me a hotel room.”  He’d probably lost it, but he didn’t care too much.  Too bad, it was a good job.  Still, a man like Scar couldn’t be tied down to no J-O-B.
He saw a sign in the window what said he could have himself a hundred bucks if he kept his cell phone.  Damn, he hated reading stuff he hadn’t stole.  A man had to keep his principles and that reading thing just happened by itself, like a mean little trick of the universe.  He couldn’t stop it.  Mostly his attention didn’t stick on that stuff, but when it did, he accidentally read it.
“Shit.”
“What?” the pasty next to him asked.
“Give me your cell phone, tubs.  Keep me on track.”
“On track.  You lost me, Scar.”  He said it like he was hesitating, scared of saying Scar’s name right.  But Scar couldn’t help him with that right now.
He banged his finger on the glass, pointing at the sign.  “We gotta get that hundred bucks.  Give me your phone and don’t let me forget what we’re doing.”  He turned.  “No cameras, or maybe through the window.”  He looked at the piggy.  “Keep me honest, I’m going in.”
The dude started digging in his pockets.  
“What’s your name?”
“Llort.”  He handed him a phone.
“Why did you give me this?  Did I want to make a call or something?”
The dude pointed at a sign in the window. 
“A hundred bucks?  Let’s do her.”
They went in and Scar ripped the poster off the window.  There, he stole it and made it right.  He crumpled it up and tossed it at the pimply brace face totty behind the counter.  “Get it happen.”
She looked even stupider than she must of been for a second.  “Make what happen?  Can I help you, sir?”
“I don’t know.  What am I doing here for?”
“The hundred dollars, miss, for keeping his cell phone.”
Scar held it up.  “Right, now gimme my money.”
“Oh, well.  You need to sign a contract and choose from our line of designer-”
“Don’t signing shit.  I’m keeping this phone, now palm me the hundred bucks.  It’s false advertising, otherwise.  I’ll report on it.”  He laughed.
She started hemming and hawing about terms and contract points and two year plans and bullshit.  He let her blabber until she figured out he wasn’t listening to a word.  She couldn’t be quiet, though, if he wasn’t talking, she just kept dribbling out of that hole in her face.  Then she said something stupid so he yelled at her.
“Gimme my stuff for my thing.  Quit dodging your bullet, tootie cakes.  I’m a citizen with full rights and privileges accorded by the constitution.  I’m here for my due.  Shit!  shit!  What is it?”  He looked at the blobbo next to him.  “What am I doing here, ox-butt?”
“Cell phone.  You’re keeping it, they pay you a hundred bucks.”
“Really?  That’s a piss poor business plan.”  He looked at the dumb girl.  Time for a lecture.  “How do you stay afloat like that?  Listen, it don’t work that way.  You gotta sell stuff and get money.  Damn, it’s the basic premise of capitalism.”
Fatty cleared his throat.  “You wanted to get your money.” 
“Oh, right.  Out here now.  Get the manager!”
She brought the manager out from some dark little hallway.  “You office is back there?  Needs more light.”
“Can I help you?”
“Sure.  What do I want?”  The gay puddle told him.  “Gimme my money.  I’m keeping it.”
The dude started talking dumb stuff about signing shit so Scar yelled.  “Gimme my money!”
“Is that really your phone?” the dude said.
“Crap!  Probably not.  Whose phone is this?”
“Mine.  I’ll, uh…”  Poundcake got all flustered and waved his hands around. “…sell it to you for a penny.”
“No, one of you spinners.  Give this wiener five hundred bucks, so I can buy his little tweeter phone.”
They looked at him funny so he looked back funny until one of ‘em asked what a spinner was.  How dumb were they?  He pointed at a numbnuts and asked him what his job was.  He said it was public relations and Scar said, “Spinner.  Now do what I said, whatever it was.”
A couple of ‘em nodded and the butterball had a few grand in hand pretty quick.
He turned to the dude behind the counter and shook that little phone in his face.  “It’s mine now.  So gimme my free whatever it was. By the way, there ain’t but one cool thing to do with one of these little pocket phones anymore.”  They stood there looking at him, so he told him before he forgot.  “Not answer it.”
“That’s silly,” the little girley-pants said.
She was right, but she needed to know the entirety of the situation, so Scar helped her out with the secret instruction.  “Silly is the new cool.”
The dude looked around at them cameras and fins and spinners and said he was afraid he couldn’t help Scar out with his situation.
“Well, get me somebody who can.  Get me a manager.”
He came clean and said he was the manager.
“Why didn’t you tell me?  Never mind.  Gimme my stuff, whatever I’m trying to buy or whatever.  Why don’t you want to sell it to me?”
“You’re trying to take it and it’s money.”
“Well, I probably got some reason or two and I’m the customer so pony out.”
Them fins and spinners was all smirking and laughing at the poor dude.  He was too young and didn’t look no smarter than a tree.  Scar asked what he was doing there and some dude pointed to a little poster and Scar told him he wasn’t going to read it ‘cause he hadn’t stole and the dude told him to steal it, he’d be happy so Scar tore it off and read it and said, “aha, gimme my hundred bucks.  I’m keeping this here phone.”
Dude said he was fixing to call the cops and Scar told him fuck the badgers, they hadn’t done no good for nobody and then he thought right and said if the dude gave him his hundred bucks he’d be on TV and be famous and sell about a billion dumb little phones.  The dude did it and Scar left and gave the hundred bucks he had in his hand for some reason to the first bum he saw.


higher mind has been stolen

http//goat:zero
Higher mind has been stolen.  We are mesmerized by the glitter of the dark age.  The abundance of objects to hoard creates a paucity of reverence.  Matters of the spirit have lost all value.  Acceleration is become the principal virtue.  Shall I explain the difference?  One would think that velocity is the modern value, but that is inexact.  It is how fast one is speeding up.  To move fast, in this epoch, is to stand still.  One must fly ever faster to remain in the contest.
But the game, as we all know, is horrid.  It forgives no misstep.  Its rewards are questionable.  The biggest winners live in perpetual trepidation, hiding from the adulating, but fickle masses.  (A secret here: they are not fickle, but crowds seem so, because many minds are mistaken for a single entity, the public.)  I want to say that the rules of the contest are suspect, but must be honest: no rules exist.  Misery buttered in smiles is the best we can hope for now.
Here I fear to stray into cynical posturing, a reflex cheaply earned in my university days.  I should have surpassed such gross and useless philosophies.  Existence is subtle, shall we be subtle as well?  Let me pull back, increase the scope of my vision, and offer a more even perspective.  Much genius abides in the modern age.  Sadly, most of it goes to lesser purpose.  My question here: is genius its own reason for being, or must it move to great design to earn the ribbons and polish of history?  What if it changes the world by accident, a kite in a thunderstorm?  Well, probably no one cares, so on I move, ever driven, as a product of today must be.  Child of velocity.
In the Buddhist tradition, now is named the Dark Ages.  The name was given a thousand years ago.  Why?  Because the solution to most problems is aggression and self-interest.  No one considers answering difficulties with compassion.  Generosity is minimal, patience is disregarded.  Discipline equals hard work.  Once, it meant concern for others.  Exertion means a full day, perhaps twelve hours of toil.  But to the great minds, exertion has no end.  Death itself does not confine it, for such minds seek a new life to do good.  Envision this, or better, try it.  At a meeting for whatever reason, suggest that some problem be approached with virtuous intent.  Debate for compassion and wisdom.  Would you be taken seriously?
In the Dark Ages, it has been said that men will become more intelligent, but that mental aptitude will turn toward entertainment, not insight.  Shameful and sad, but predicted a millennia past.  Who could deny it?  Awash in televised drivel, sports, and internet, we disregard our precious human life.  We fritter without purpose.
We could be so vast; we make ourselves so small.  
For example, the phenomenon of specialization intrigues me.  Now, a man may know so much about so little.  The highest paid are those who know everything about nothing.  Under the quirky abstract of quantum mechanics, knowledge has disappeared.  Proof is no longer a possibility, and because of that, anything is possible.  Why?  Disproof is another form of proof, and without either, nothing can be denied.  Dream it up; it can be done.
This is brilliant, for to know something completely is to lose interest in it.  But to have the ground of ever open possibilities retains curiosity.  It remains interesting.  We think all is lost, but there never existed something to lose.  If reality is beyond proof, then all things are illusion.  What a joyful way to live. 
And accurate, for all is illusion.  Many arguments exist, some more sophisticated and complex.  Here is a simple one.  Dreams fool us; mostly we believe they are real when we sleep.  But when we awake from a nightmare, no knife wielding madman exists.  All the fear and all the images came from our mind.  So what if life lasts longer than a dream?  It means nothing.  The end of this life will bring the same result as the end of a dream.  It will be as if it never happened.  As it did not.  It is not happening now; only our deeply mistaken view makes it seem so.  We push aside the illusory quality of existence, crushing tight to identity, binding this sweet and simple dream of no consequence into a festival of pain.  What is this deeply mistaken view blocking our witness of the absolute?
Ignorance.
I would sever myself from ignorance, but what is that thing I name?  Ignorance does not mean unintelligent, but unknowing.  Yet this term is wrong against it’s root, for to ignore means to know, but pay no attention.  I like this definition named upon its base better, though it fails the lexicon.  It carries a dense measure of what I mean when I say that we should pray to each falling drop of rain.
Let our mind dissolve into such vast place that we seek no self.
Such vision is great indeed.  Beyond me, for I am caught in the illusion.  The Goat situation, this boulder I rolled down a hill, now threatens to roll over me from behind, as if by magic.  I wanted something; now I fear it.  The fear is a layer, a means of turning the ignorance into something which will continue to distract me and thus prove I am real when I am not.  If I knew truth, I would have no fear.
Providing the background to this fear, the course of my life, I believe, is marked by passion.  Of course there is anger, and the other emotions, jealousy, pride, and stupidity, all the means of elaborating the fundamental mechanism of ignorance.  Disbelief of the truth and unvirtue lie about my past in heaps.  But as it is said, passion marks the human life most of all.  It is our raison d’etre.  The conflicting emotions are said to obscure the truth, and passion is one of these.  But they also provide the path to greater truth.  This is markedly so in the case of passion.  The beauty of the higher teachings transforms the obstructions to wisdom into the path, even into the truth itself.
But what is said here?  It is not that our passion is in the way, but that it is misguided, restricted if you will.  Passion is reduced to petty objectives and objects, money, cars, fame and sex.  Passion is a great ocean of feeling, of longing for the happiness of others, of suffering with their misery.  This we taste when subsumed by passion with no source or object.  Our every lost moment reveals the lostness of all, showing us that nowhere will we ever find a home.  Passion revealed, fully opened, is com-passion, shared passion.  Higher mind.  It is yours already, do not let it be stolen.
How do we find it in the storm and fury of existence?  Come to rest in unchanging movement.  Find peace in the river of conditioned being.  The bold and brave do not conquer kingdoms; they conquer their own mind.
 In a story of a great master, he visited New York and went to the top of the Empire State Building.  He looked over the city, monks surrounding him and laughing.  
He collapsed in tears, they carried him to the elevator and down.  They asked him why.
“All those millions of people, all that suffering and no one to say the mantra of kindness for them.”
This is passion.


Swimming

Scar had sushi for the first time and he liked it and from then on every time he thought about raw fish he went and got him some.  They was all happy ‘cause of it, them people following him around all the time.  
He didn’t like that saké shit, though, ‘cause they brung it hot and it smelled like bad coochie.  Later, a fin sent him a cold sake in a little square, shiny wooden box.  He loved it ‘cause it was like solving a puzzle just to drink the damn thing.  He couldn’t hardly do it without spilling it everywhere.  He got a lot more of them and made all them people have a few.  He woke up with his face in some puke in the bathroom and he was pretty damn sure it weren’t his ‘cause he didn’t puke ‘less he drank a whole bottle of the hard real fast and usually not even then.  He passed out a lot, but he didn’t barf too easy like a girl.
He kept waking up in the bathroom and that’s when Scar figured he needed him a dog.  “Whoever gets me a dog, get’s a exclusive interview.”
Somebody gave him a big ole’ dog and called it a Rottweiler.  Scar decided he was going to make it be a mean dog and be his damn dog as quick as possible and it was a going wherever he wanted and he was going there, too.
On a hot day, Scar took ‘em all swimming.  He busted hard on some blond-o who wouldn’t get in the water ‘cause she had her make-up on.  He was floating in the pool with his arms laid on the edge and his head, too.  He liked the way his mouth pushed against his hands and made his whole head move up and down, but it made it hard to talk so he quit.
“You ever worn chocolate panties, doll tits?  For that guy, the one that banged your friend because he never loved you?  But you loved him.  Women are crazy.”
“What about men?”
“That’s well-established.  It’s not even worth a debate.  We’re all in it, sugar  britches.  Nobody gets a free ride from the crazy train.”
“Sounds pretty gloomy.”
“It’s funner ‘n hell, you just gotta quit being scared.  Actually, you know, I may have misrepresented my particular outlook on that there principia personus.  What did I say?”
“You said men are crazy, too.”
“That’s wrong.  Men ain’t crazy.”
She waited.  He told her it was her guess.
“Stupid.”
Scar nodded.  “A for apple.”
“I think it’s A for effort.”
“But it ain’t on a double count.  That word don’t start with ‘A’ and it was easy.  It weren’t no ‘A’ for  effort, ‘cause you didn’t do nothing.  It was ‘A’ for exactly accurate.”
A kid walked by in a blue bathing suit, and Scar yelled ‘Boo!” then laughed a good one.  She busted into tears and Scar sat up and said he was sorry. 
“Shit, get outa ma’ way.  I love this trick.”  He levered half out of the pool and sneezed on the first camera he saw, then slid back in the water.  Some little girl was crying and he asked why and she said ‘cause he’d pushed her down to sneeze on the camera, so he gave her an apology.  He turned to the camera.  “That thing doing it’s thing?”
“There’s a red light for on.”
“Why didn’t you tell me that before?”
“We have many times.”
“Well, anyway, what was I gonna say?”
“Something about kids,” said a cute reddy haired bon-bon.  He wanted to do her and put his son inside of her.  Scar needed an heir.  “Kids,” she said.
“Oh, yeah.  It’s bad luck to scare ‘em.  Why did I think of that?”
“You just scared a kid pretty bad.  She started crying.”
“Oh, man.  I’m sorry.  You, little girl?  Really, I didn’t mean to scare you.  You forgive me?”  She clutched her little dolly tighter and nodded.  Cute little thing.  “Get outta here ‘fore one of these creeps molests you.”
She looked frightened and backed away, then turned and ran.
“I thought you said it was bad luck to scare kids.”
“What are you talking about?”
“You just scared that little girl three times.”
“Maybe she deserved it.  Maybe I like bad luck.”  Scar wheeled on the spinner talking to his back and splashed water in his face.  “What do you care anyway?!”
“I don’t.”
Communication.  Yep.  He looked back over his shoulder.  “Get in the water, cameraman.  I gotta give an important speech on communication and I don’t want to give it from below the camera.  That ain’t my better viewing angle.”
“That’ll destroy it.”
“Not if you’re careful.  If I have to, I’ll  reach on up there and pull your head outta your butt for you, but I think you can figure this‘n out on your own.  Here’s the key: don’t drop it in, dip-turd.  Ain’t nobody got a waterproof camera?  What century are you guys from?”  
“Why don’t you get out?”
“’Cause I don’t want to.”
The dude’s phone buzzed.  He looked at it and got in.
Scar turned at the camera.  “What was I gonna talk about?”
“Communication.”  It was the blondy make-up cutie.  He pointed a question at her.  “Name’s Candy.”
“Right.  Communication is dead.  It don’t happen no more.  We ain’t got shit but this weird barrier, pretending everything’s okay when it sure to fuck don’t.”
“Okay, what’s wrong with everything?  You think the world’s falling apart?”
“I do, anybody can see it is, but that ain’t the subject of this here debate, or whatever it is.  I’m saying that we’re all going to die and we pretend we ain’t and it makes us act like something we don’t.  I say we, but I mean you, ‘cause I don’t pretending nothing.  This…” Scar thumped his chest, then grabbed a random titty, “…is a walking corpse.  We ain’t nothing but dead already, and nobody looks at it.  Communication never happened.”
They looked at him funny.  He nodded.  “Okay, let me put her another way.  When we talk, we’re wrong.  Wrong assumptions, wrong reasons, wrong conclusions.  Wrong, wrong, wrong.”
“Then why try?”
“I ain’t trying a damn thing.  But that’s the way it is, so what choice we got?  Admit it.  Enjoy it.  Then wrong is right.  Being stupid’s okay, it might be the only intelligent way to live nowadays.”
“Why?”
“Well, you do what you can and then you call it a day.  That’s because pain is the answer.  We was born to suffer so we have to do something.”
“Not the other way around?”
“What?”  It was Pi.  “Cool, I didn’t know you was here.  You mean we suffer because we’re born?”
“That too.  But I meant we suffer because we try.  Because we fail and it never lives up.”
Scar leaned his neck against the edge of the pool and let his legs float up.  He closed his remaining eye and slowly watched the world go away.  He could still hear and he hovered in it.  “Good point, sugar bush, but not good enough.”
He acted all surprised.  “Oh, shit.  This is important.  I just remembered something real big deal stuff.”
They turned the cameras and everybody looked at him.  “I’m afraid this is gonna cause a major uproar.  Actually, it’s too much.  I can’t say it.”
They stared.  He did that quiet thing where he gave ‘em the gift, but they was all too dumb to get it.  No, not dumb.  Too full of shit and fear.
“I never knew you were a chicken, Scar.”
“Listen, goldy hair, I don’t.  What are you talking about?”
“You were gonna tell us something, but you were AFRAID it would cause an uproar.  Your words.”
“Scar Jones ain’t afraid of shit, bikini wax barbie.  But I forgot.  Wait, I remember.  This is supposed to be a secret, but…” he gave ‘em all the suggestible eye, “you’re all fucked up.”
He knocked the camera into the water.
“Lecture’s over.”

“Hey.”  When he was drying off, Scar accidentally read a bumper sticker on a square blue car backing up into a place outside the fence.  I don’t share the pet peeves of fools.  That was a good thought.  He said it to the dude sitting on the pool edge talking to him.  The dude said something and Scar had to make him repeat it.
“I want to write your biography.”
Let the fool write it, might be fun.  That wasn’t right.  Why did he think it?  That damn patch must be fucking with his head.  He needed to do something about that.
He told the dude to write whatever he wanted.  The dumbass tried to hand him something to sign, but then a fin stepped up and told him not to sign nothing and he figured if fins knew anything it was the best time to not sign something, so he told the dude to go and fuck himself.  “But write it anyway.  Quote me on that.”
Somebody else asked the dude how long it would take to finish.
“Four weeks to the green, six in the hole.”
Scar hated that kind of sneaky talk and he told ‘em so.  
That patch.  Scar was having himself some bad dreams where he took it off and everything hurt like a dick on fire, then he couldn’t find it no more.  He fell down on his hands and knees, started crawling around everywhere looking for it, but he couldn’t see nothing.  It was all blacker’n hell without no feeling except the pain.  His hands was searching around in a pile of glass shards, looking for that damn patch.  They was poking into his skin, but he could tell it was buried deeper and he had to get in there with his whole body to find it.  He was desperate, so he dug on in and that glass pierced into his skin, his arms, then his chest.  Finally, he pushed his face in.  That glass was like injecting acid under his skin, too.  It started burning inside and out.
He crawled all the way through the pile of glass, but he still couldn’t find it.  The ground on the other side was hot coals.  It burned the skin off his hands and knees, worked its way inside, lit that acid on fire and burned him deeper.  He felt it in the bones and he wanted that patch more than anything.  He looked up and the world was flames.  People on fire, fins and spinners and anybody, pointed at him, laughing and burning.  
It pissed him off, ‘cause he kept remembering the dreams, hunting in narrow tunnels and shit for that patch while the pain kept on getting worse and people chasing him with cameras and making TV commentary at his suffering.  He couldn’t remember no shit that mattered, and he couldn’t forget them fucking dreams.  They started happening sometimes during the day, sort of overlaid on his regular deal, like the patch was messing with him hard.  
Standing there holding a towel, one of them freakouts started kicking in mean.  He didn’t want to think about it, it made him nervous when he did.  He wanted free of it, so he yanked that patch off quick before he double guessed himself.  The world turned to hell and he bent over, yelling.  “Cut my balls off instead!  Goddamn, it hurts.”  He got weak from the pain, wanted to fall down.  He took a step backwards and there wasn’t no ground there.  He felt the water rushing up around him and sucked in a big breath.  But the pain was so bad he figured life wasn’t worth going on and he didn’t want that patch no more.  He’d rather die than be a slave to nothing, ‘specially some damn little magic piece of cloth.  Fuck that vampire.
Scar decided to take himself a big breath of water.  But his body wouldn’t do it.  Then the pain doubled up, then it doubled up again.  Everything went inward and he didn’t know what was happening, except he was probably screaming his fool head off.  It was all jerky and flashes of light, like when a body hit their head real hard on a corner.  It kept on being like that, like he kept banging his head or breaking a bone over and over.  It was hard to breathe, but there was air.  Wasn’t he underwater?  He felt water all around him, and he was hitting people, flailing around like a psycho.
Then everything felt real good and he let loose.  He pissed in that water like he’d been holding his bladder for about a week.  “Oh, God.  Jesus.”  He had the patch on and a couple of them retinue was holding him up.  He was breathing all hard and slow, pushing each breath out like he was dying or something.  Just letting it out.  “What happened?”  He could barely even talk.
“You took the patch off and started screaming, then fell in.  It looked like you were drowning, so we pulled you out.”  
“Did you decide to pull me out on your own?  Or did your little phones tell you what to do?  You could have had a big show, filming ole’ Scar’s death.  Why didn’t you?”
Fuckers didn’t answer.  
“’Cause it would have been over, that’s why.  Some dip-fuck’s done figured out that your profit and loss comes out better if Scar’s alive than if he’s dead.  What the fuck is your angle?  Why’d y’all keep me alive?”
“It was me.”
He turned his head.  It was that gook woman.  “You!  You told ‘em to save my life?”
She crouched down on the edge of the pool.  “I…got their cell phones to do it.”
“Spin me round, you dicks.  I want to see her when I talk to her.  Why didn’t you let me die, plum wine?  I’m suffering.”
“Most of the time, you don’t seem to be.  Besides, I’m rather fond of you.”
“It really ain’t business with you, is it?  You saved me ‘cause you like me?”
“Yeah…”  Her voice did that quavering thing like that weren’t really what she meant.
“Yeah?”
“That, and…you have something to do.  You haven’t done it, yet, Scar.”
He frowned.
“But I do like you.  It’s just that… there’s something bigger than us going on.”
That sounded good.  Scar wanted to make some real shit happen.  “What?”
“I don’t know.  But maybe we can make a difference.”
“You really think we can change the world?”
She smiled, nodded, and rubbed his bald spot.  She let her hand stay there for a second.
“And you’re fond of me.”
She tapped a finger a single time on his head.  “Once for ‘yes,’” she said.
“Thanks, rice patty.  All I needed was a reason.”  He touched the patch.  “I took it off?”  Something to be proud of, if he did.
“Yes,” one of them fins holding him said.  “When we pulled you out, you were yelling about it, so we put it back on.”
Fuck.  That goddamned patch.  Scar didn’t want no master, and not no damn high-tech piece of shit wrapped around his face for sure.  But he figured for now that patch had the upper hand.  That goddamned vampire was winning, but that was okay.  Scar was gonna keep looking.  He’d get rid of that patch.  Might take some doing, but it was getting done.  Scar Jones was gonna be free again.


Vandalism

Squarehead followed Scar, but kept a few hundred yards away.  Nobody knew he was at the party, because he wasn’t.   Five seconds into Scar’s Ikea attack, Squarehead was on the phone with Entropy.
“Patch me to Ikea corporate, marketing division, regional director for the area Scar’s in right now.  Hit him with a solid gold PR consultant’s resume for me.”  Entropy connected him, probably listened, but nothing was verifiable with Entropy.
“Randy Jakeson,” a man’s voice said.
“An event is happening in one of your stores at this moment.  It will make you profits if you play it right and it will disappear if you play it safe.  Look in your e-mail for my credentials.  Welcome to your career.”
The guy whistled.  “Impressive.  I’m listening.”
“Have you heard of Scar Jones?”
“Think so.  He’s that wack job you see on TV every few days?”
“That’s the one.  More, though, he’s the biggest potential marketing phenomenon to hit the world in some years and he’s trashing your Baybridge store right now.  I’m watching.  The manager, who is rushing over at this instant, will doubtless telephone the police within the next three or four minutes unless you stop him.”
“Why would I do that?”
“Is your cell-phone on?  I’ll ring it in a few seconds and you’ll be connected to him.”  
“Check,” Entropy said on Square’s side of the conversation only.  “Three, two, one.”
“Again, why would I-”  Squarehead heard a cell-phone play Eine Kleine Nachtmusic in the background. “What the hell is going on?”
“Flatten your career where you are, or grab your cock and be a man.  Advise him not to call the police.”
“Somebody’s smashing our store and you want me to let it continue?  For my career?”
“Not anybody.  Scar fucking Jones, asshole.  You hold today’s prime celebrity spokesman in your palm.  Just close your fingers.  Scar has refused every offer for endorsement.  The money on the table is several million and he says no every time.  Now, you can get it for free.  Do you want to be a minor leaguer?”
“How does this constitute an endorsement?  He’s smashing our furniture.  Why would he sign our contract?”
“He doesn’t have to sign anything.  We’ve got cameras on.  All he has to do is agree.  Get your manager to ask him the following question: ‘Will you let us show you live on TV in a business news special editorial commentary?’  If he asks what it pays, say ‘Nothing.’  You’re a regional marketing director.  If you make this call right now and profits increase by two percent nation, or even world-wide, what does your career look like?”
“I sent him a link to the live video,” Entropy said.
“Hit the link in your e-mail.”
“I don’t know if I want to.”
“Smart man,” Entropy said.  “There’s a worm in that link that’ll plant on his computer for my botnet.”
“Get another computer tomorrow if it’s a mistake.  Don’t be a dipshit.”
“All right.”
A few seconds later, Squarehead said, “Your manager’s about twenty seconds from calling the police, I wager.  Now answer your cell.”
“Hello?”  The exec said.  “There’s no one there.  Oh, it’s ringing.”
The store manager, who had just opened his mouth to speak to Scar, looked confused when his cell phone twittered like a bird.   He ignored it and fumbled out a few words about how could he help Scar and he would have to call the police.  He kept talking, apparently waiting for his phone to go to voice mail so he could call the police with it.
“Why are you…?  Who are you?”
“I’m the black hand of leftness,” Scar said.  “Now get outta my way.”
“It’ll just keep ringing,” Entropy said.  “I’ve disabled his voice mail by filling all the ports with layered pings.”
“Okay, sure,” Squarehead said, “whatever that means.”
“What?”  the executive’s voice got louder.  “What did you say?”
“I said to be patient for a minute.  You won’t go to voice mail.  He’ll answer.”
“Wait,” Entropy said.  “Better idea.”
The twittering stopped and the manager dialed 911.
“Hello, police?”
“No, this is Randy Jakeson, regional director of Public Relations for Ikea’s east coast division.”
“I know who you are.  Yes, sir.  I was calling the police.  We have a situation here and I need to – how did you get-?  I don’t understand.  I already dialed.”
“I called you.  I, actually, um, heard you push the buttons.  Must have been there already.  Anyway, I know the situation and we’re going to do it a bit different.  Don’t call the police.  We’re going to use this for PR.  As long as he doesn’t hurt anyone, I don’t want him arrested.”
“Should I restrain him or kick him out?”
“No,” Squarehead said.
“No.  We’re getting the footage and we’ll use it for something.”
“What?  No, sir, I’m sorry, but I can’t take responsibility for that.  I’m going to call the police.”
“That won’t be necessary.”
“Call him by name.”  Entropy told Square.  “Donny.”
“Now, Donny, you need to think about this.  I’ll…I’ll take responsibility.”
“I can’t.  I’m sorry, Mister Jakeson, but it’s pretty out of control here.  This guy’s crazy.”
“Bonus.”
“Big bonus for you.”
“Bonus?  How much?”
“Make it fifteen or twenty grand,” Squarehead said.
“Twenty-five thousand dollars.”
“Nice,” Entropy said.  
“Well, I guess if you take the hit, then I’ll do it.  You promise.”
“Yes, of course.  I promise.”
“Get him to ask the question.”
“I forgot it.”
That was good.  Squarehead wanted the exec to rely on him totally in future.  
“Mister Jakeson?”
“Just a second.”
“‘Will you let us show you live on TV in a business news special editorial commentary?’  If he asks what it pays, say ‘Nothing.’  Don’t use the words advertising or marketing, they’re anathema to Scar.”  An admirable trait, Squarehead thought.
The exec repeated it and the manager said something about respecting Scar’s opinion and right to express it and how valuable it was.
“Tell him not to blow smoke up his ass.  It backfires with Scar.”
Scar was telling the man to go fuck himself.
“Shit,” Squarehead said.  “Tell him not to apologize.  Tell Scar what he really thinks of him.”
The exec repeated it and the manager shrugged and told Scar he was a smelly bum with no respect for property.  Scar smiled and nodded.  The manager asked the question and Scar said ‘Sure.’
“That’s it.  Now just tell your manager to keep the situation alive, then back off and let him earn his bonus.”
The manager nodded and hung up.
“You guys have some tech,” the exec said.  “Now how do we make hay?”
“You figure it out.  I gave you all the clues.”  Squarehead cut the call to him.
“I blasted the manager’s phone and shut down the cell towers in range,” Entropy said.  “They’re incommunicado.  Only your satellite phone should get through.”
“Roger that.  Send the exec an e-mail telling him to bill it as Freedom of Speech, a principle that Ikea strongly supports.”

Cause and effect 

http//goat:zero
I fancy that I dwell in an ancient rhythm, both barbarous and sophisticated, gross in action, yet subtle in meaning, every stab at deeds a well-planned affair with a haphazard consequence.  The execution is the joy; the result mere afterthought.  Life is process, not outcome.  No ultimate point exists for the activity of Goat.  Let us not write the message beforehand, let us find the meaning in the effect.  And that is not yet fully arisen.
But to speak of it in more general terms, cause and effect is not the simple affair we believe.  It is a web of possibility, with much cause leading to much resultant state.  Many initial conditions flow to an infinite result, for what can truly be said of experience?  It is never-ending.  All things are beyond word; nothing can be proved.  The key to better understanding is resting the mind on the problem.  All solution lies past concept.  Without concern, for all speculation is naught, look behind thought; there the answer lies. 
Mostly our assumptions, our initial impressions, are wrong.  This is the message.  Things are not as they seem, nor are they otherwise.  That which can be pinned down, nailed, understood, comprehended, accurately described or explained is of no import whatsoever.  This is not to say that the truth cannot be approached directly.  In fact, that is the only way.  All explanation interferes.  Words confuse, concept betrays.  The real is immediate experience.  Profound reality is no oblique matter.  It is there and manifest, fully revealed, ever awaiting our gaze.  It is we who obstruct it.  
And why? 
We are afraid, why else?  Fear is a burning.  Everything is burning, always, being consumed.  The furious fire of impermanence, perpetual change ravages our senses.  Our eyes are on fire.  All we hear is crackling flame.  We smell only the heat and smoke, taste only burning ash.  We feel naught but dissolution, the scorching caress of time.  Impermanence rules all.  We deny it: fear.
This is not a cruel, despairing message.  It is the way things are.  Why fight it?  All that is born must die, all that is created will be destroyed.  Does this depress?  If so, you are not free.  Do you find this false?  If so, you concoct reality.  Do you find this frightening?  If so, you have generated a small vision.
Everything burns always.  The universe blazes, how can we arrest it?  Let it burn, feel it.  Fall in love with this; acknowledge the heartache.  Impermanence is so beautiful.
Currently, we fascinate at the myriad of perception.  We squeeze it into hardness it does not innately possess.  But what perceives?  As deep as mind can go into oneself, go deeper still.  Move past all desire to name.  The absolute nature abides in the breeze on your skin.  Neither deny nor affirm, but let the play of appearance unfold, the dance of light on a lake.  When never has a single thing occurred, how can sorrow possibly arise and joy for that matter as well.  Within direct experience, such things occur by not being named, and they emanate full-blown like an ocean storm, not the spring drizzles we perceive.  As you look direct into mind, you will draw yourself into the vast and broken heart underlying all.  Witnessing an act of mercy, offer its beauty to your naked awareness.  When mind claims a mind, becomes the small you, pay the barest attention.  Let it rule you not.
Before I am accused of wandering in this essay, let me bind it.  The underlying theme is non-concept, the absolute nature.  Cause and effect, our beliefs, anything we name – all is concept.  With concept, we have shaped the world.  Opinions, beliefs, logic, words, unvoiced, hidden axioms about the nature of being, all are wrong.  All these lead us astray and they can be subtle indeed.  Easy to miss, even with rigorous scrutiny.  To make it simple: All concept is wrong.  To be more precise: No concept is right.  Do you see the difference?
To step back, we can examine from a rougher perspective.  We must use concept to arrive at non-concept.  And first, we must understand what we mean by concept.  Allow us to agree that simple assertions and blithe reasoning can only miss the point.  Such a statement must be felt to be understood, experienced to be believed.  Words do not cook rice, it is true, but in their absence, the harvest will never begin.  For that matter, fire does not cook rice, nor water, nor a pot, nor a human, but only in their combination do we eat.
Vain words, it is said, but necessary nonetheless.  What symbol, words: they are a futile necessity.  Each comes to naught; their very abundance makes mockery of true and good sense.  Still, without them, there would be none of what we see.  No houses or cars or clothes, exist without words.  Language, which goes nowhere and does nothing, has created the world of man.
A word is not a tree; it does not exist.  Yet look at its power.  With a single command ‘kill’ a thousand lives may end.  Words: History lives in ink, not actions.  It is a telling, not a doing. What happens matter little, eloquent witness is the principal event.
Language is a beast, so prevalent, so pervasive, that it cannot be spoken of clean.  One must use it upon itself, a blunt irony.  But for accurate and objective analysis, one must be outside the object of scrutiny.  The eye cannot see itself.  Language has consequences we can never know.  No profound and great understanding of it is possible, because it can never be perceived from beyond its own bound.
Where is the connection of these ideas?  To return to my point of origin, cause and effect are not real; they are merely words, concepts.  Yet, they are how we see our whole existence.  Must I say it again: we base our lives upon the unreal.  This may seem a simple semantic argument, that the idea is not the actuality.  It is an obvious truth.  Why does it matter?  Indeed, most would consider it idle speculative philosophy, without bearing on the human condition.
It matters a great deal.  The concern is not the deceptive quality of language, but the actuality hidden behind.  Language, and the intangible field of concept upon which it floats, obscures the real.  We are, all of us, cut off from the true nature.


Fins & Spinners (recked? broke legs)

They were at a party at some rich jerk’s mansion, and he noticed one of the crowd watching.
“Where were you born, Scar?  You remember that?”
“Yeah, ain’t it weird?  I can’t remember hardly nothing what happened after I was four or five.  Pretty much everything I remember happened ‘fore I could really talk.  My last memory, I was seven or six and some old guy kicked me off his property and told me my folks was dead and he couldn’t take care a no crazy little nigger kid.  Can’t blame him neither.  I walked out of some place called Bullock, Tejas.”
“Wow.  I’m sorry.”
“Why are you sorry?  It wasn’t your fault.”  Scar smelled him.  “You ain’t a fin.  What are you?”
“I’m a research professor.”
“All right, I like that.  You make the team.  Get rid of the dude you’re replacing.  I want those biggos to cut him, ‘cause I didn’t like him, whoever he was.  You’re my new friend.  And I want this crew kept down to twenty people from now on.”
“Does that include you or not?” a spinner asked.
“What do you think, mister bignuts?  You decide.”
“Twenty-one.”
“Twenty-one it is,” Scar said.  “Decisive, I like that.  His majesty,” Scar raised his arms in a two-fisted victory, then brought a finger down to sweep the crowd, “and you ball-sucking piranhas.”  He remembered the professor.  “What’s your name, son?”
“Llort.”
“Are you really a college dude?  Professor?”
“Do you have any friends, Scar?” a pursey asked.
“I had a friend.  He died bad.”
“Really?  How?”
“Jumped off a bridge after some bad drugs.  Seems like it happened, maybe I made it up.”
“Is that why you hate people so much?”
“I don’t hate nobody.  What makes you think that?”
“You don’t care about lawyers.”  
Scar stared at her.
“Fins.  You know.”
“Damn, cookie doll, that’s a job, not a person.  Trouble from it is, these goddamn fins what’s following me are more their job than they are the person.  There ain’t enough person left underneath to give a shit about.  You can’t even find it; they’re better off dead.”
Scar looked at the watch, then back at red lips.  “You ever a hat check girl?”
She nodded.
“And you spread it for one of your customers in the room?”
She blushed and looked away.  Scar laughed a good long one.
“How much coffee have I had today?”
The party sucked and he was ready to leave.
“Tell us more about your watch,” that fat professor said.  It was a good idea and he did.  Stuff was written on it and he remembered he stole it, so he read it but not out loud.
“I don’t want to watch this.”
“You do now.”
“Maybe later.  What’s your name, dude?”
He looked scared by what he was going to say.  “Llort.  Look at the watch, dumbass.”
Cool.  Scar liked this guy’s style.  “Looks like poetry.  Must of got the wrong message.”
“Read it, Scar.”
He shrugged.  “Gonna paraphrase, if you don’t mind.  ‘Ain’t got no time to give y’all my grievance, but as a thunderclap, I arise.  If I wished to smite you, I would.  But I ain’t gonna, ‘cause I like having you around.’”  He looked at the goons.  “That’s about how I feel.”
“Read more.”  
They all seemed to want to hear more, so he said, “That’s enough poetry for now, let’s talk about sex.  I wanna have a orgy with you bastards on live TV.  Make or break your career right this moment.  You can walk out the room with your tail between your cheeks or you can risk it all on one shot of the dice.  Grab your nutsacs, ladies, we’re going down.”
Nobody moved.  Scar did the stare thing for a minute, then took off his clothes.  “C’mon man, what’s the matter with y’all?  You’re so damned scared.  It ain’t nothing but a dick.”  He was about done with these douchebags.  They were boring as hell and he didn’t need a one of  ’em.  He left the dumbass party and they all followed him.
He was standing in the street looking at an orange cat and he had his clothes back on. “What happened?  I was naked.”  The watch vibrated.  It was facing out so he twisted it back around his wrist so nobody could read the time.  That was bullshit a man didn’t do.  
“You guys are like spiders.”  Scar stamped his foot down.  “Gotta kill ‘em quick.  Except you.”  He pointed to a cupcake.  “You’re like a Goat I wanna ride.”  Everybody perked up.
“Goat?”
“Yeah, I like the sexual extra-tones of the word.  We had a goat when I was a little boy.  Hey, I remember it!  My mother took the water hose, stood inside the kitchen door, and opened fire.  She knocked those bastards back.  They was a yowling and butting at that water.  That ole’ Billy liked to take my face off and I was just a little kid.  I got mad and broke his leg with a bat.  I don’t do shit like that no more.  It was the awfulest thing I ever done in my life and I hated myself for it for a long time.  You, tea cozy, what’s your name?”  Scar couldn’t figure out if she was sexy or not and it bugged him, so he thought he’d ask a few and decide for hisself.
“Any advice for fools, Scar?”  
All right, she was sexy.  “You get what you give.  Who do you work for?”
“My name is Candy Apple Red.  I’m a reporter for Microsoft.”
“Lotta people work for that dude.  Fuck Mike, I don’t like him.”
She stood in the back and flipped a business card at him.  Cool trick.  He wanted to know her better.
“You sound like a dish made to my exact specifications.  What say we get the fuck outta this joint?”
“We’re already outside.”  
Hey, she was right.  “Somebody give me a motorcycle.  And not one of them little ball hurting things that sounds like a tornado.  Something you can kick your ass back on and cool out through the countryside with a little pink on the back.”
A silver suit flipped open a dumb little phone and spoke into it with his hand up.
“I got the nicest Harley on the street.  It’s yours if you answer one question.”  He tossed some keys and Scar let ‘em fly past without moving.
“Hit me.”
“What’s your policy on trolls?”
“I don’t like ‘em.  I don’t like anything that lives under bridges.”
“But didn’t you live that lifestyle when you traveled around-”
“Boxcars are not bridges.  If you can’t determine the difference, ask an architect, ‘cause you got a world of problems.  You shouldn’t be talking to me, you should be in the loopy house.”
“So you’re against trolls?”
“Am I gonna have to get upside your damn head?  Live in the actual world.  Trolls ain’t real.  They’re imaginary things.  They don’t exist.”  
Scar turned and then he was standing in front of the guy, one of his forgotten moments, where he disappeared and reappeared somewhere else.
“What just happened, cowboy?” he asked the jerk.
“You walked over here yelling at me the whole way?”
Wait, this guy was cool.  He didn’t flinch on off like a baby like these scribblers usually did.  They weren’t the same people.  All the chickenshits and playpots were replaced by swingdicks and leather skirts and Scar hadn’t noticed.  Well, he’d pretend another day or two and plot ‘em a bit of comeuppance.  Scar was on the warpath.
They were real silver suits.  They worked for the biggos and not the TV biggos, neither, the real biggos, the monsters who’d made the world what it was.  The wrist thing buzzed.  He sighed and read it out loud in his aggravated tone.  
The dark sex of consuming madness invites you.  I alone will keep you awake.
Some dickhead asked if it was a pear.
“No, it’s not a pear, it’s just a bunch of words.  What goddamned dreamland are you people living in?  Is a poem a pear, what do I think about goblins and elves.  What’s that thing everybody keeps asking me about?  That super-poem?”
“Hyper-poem.”
“Shit, man, I forgot you was there.”  He pinched the dude hard and he just took it like it was normal to get pinched so Scar did it again.  “Don’t you ever sneak up on me like that.  Let’s all go out for coffee.  It’s a party.”
Somebody handed him keys and he took off with some leggy poundcake.  
“That’s a Beemer, not a Harley,” she said.
He didn’t mind.  But this fork-tongue.  He hit her open-handed in the chest and knocked her against a van.  She looked at him like nothing was happening.
“On second thought, maybe I’m better off on my own.”
She put a hand on his face.  “Man like you needs a woman, two or three at least.”  
She had a point.  He examined the bike, then looked at one of those jerk-offs following him.  “Paint tiger stripes on it.  Needs a name.”
“How about lady of…”
“Yeah, lady.”  His watch buzzed.  Yeshé.  “Right.  Yeshé.  Lady of Yeshé.”
“What’s it mean?”
“Don’t know, don’t care.  Get on if you’re coming.”
They took off and rode fast until she tapped him and pointed at a coffee shop.  “I don’t want no coffee.  Who are you?”
“Candy.  You said you were taking everybody out for coffee.  Please?  You’re awful sexy when you’re having coffee.”
Goddammit.  Women.  He stood hard on the brake and kicked the tire out to the right to make it squeal as he stopped but he wasn’t real good at that sort of shit and he dropped the bike.  It slid under a car and he got caught on the handlebars pretty hard.  She grabbed onto his jacket instead of flying off.  She started screaming, then stopped screaming.  
He couldn’t breathe too well, but then it came back.  A dude was looking down at him.  “It’s okay, Scar, I’m a doctor.”
“I don’t need no damn stitch.  I need coffee.”  He stood up, then fell down and grabbed his side.
“You’ve got a broken rib.”
“What can you do about it?”
“Wrap your chest and give you painkillers.”
“No, and yes.  Meet me inside.”  Some woman was laying there, moaning.  “What’s the matter with her?”
“She was in the motorcycle wreck you had.”
“Did I hit her?”
“No, she was on back.”
He leaned over and got in her face.  He wanted to make sure she got the message.  “Don’t get on no motorcycle with a crazy man next time.”  
He looked around for the coffee shop.
“If you come inside, you gotta drink three double laffee’s or whatever you drink.  Don’t matter what it is, you gotta drink three.  And no decaf, neither.  You guys are too straight, I like- what’s all your jobs?”
“We’re lawyers and...”
Scar waited, but he didn’t finish.  Whatever.  “Right.  I like my fins high.  Caffeine’s a damn good drug.  It’s underrated.  Now get in there and get to work.  And I slap each little honey on the ass on the way in.  Dudes, you get off light, but push-ups tomorrow; you’re all too fat.”  They wasn’t though.  They were all young and stronger ‘n hell, ‘cept for one fat dude.  Looked like they lived at one of them workout places.  He patted the trinkets on the boody and gave one a pretty good ole’ squeeze.  She turned and looked at him.  She was hotter ‘n a bullet on the wing and she wanted to have sex with him all night and all day.  This was a different crowd.  Shit, she was getting paid to do it and show him the best time he’d ever had.
“Get the fuck away from me, bitch.  Don’t play those games with me.”  Nobody was gonna seduce Scar Jones.  He did what he wanted, when he wanted.  Them bastards could go suck themselves.  He pointed to a silver fin.  “You, pull your thumb outta your butt and ask me a question.  Press conference ain’t over.”
“Um… did you know there’s an internet channel with you live twenty four hours a day?”
“You mean that computer web?  I hate that thing.  Somebody needs to destroy the hell out of it.”
“Why?” some pasty dipshit asked.
“Who are you?”
“Llort.”
“That’s a stupider ‘n hell name.  You’re momma must have been a real bitch.”  Scar moved towards a puffy green armchair.  Trouble was, some college kids were sitting there.  “You know who I am?  Everybody seems to know me all of a sudden.”
“Yeah, you’re Scar Jones.”
“Well, me and these here scum pigs want to have us a coffee together.  Clear the fuck off.”
“Uh, all right.  Can I get an autograph?”
“Hell, yeah!  Nobody never asked me for my autograph before.  Most people’s too scared.  Good for you.”  He punched the kid in the chest in a man way.  “You looked your fear in the eye and took it on.  Now get your skinny white ass outta my sight ‘fore I have one of these fins take you to court.”
“But, the autograph?”
Scar signed his shirt, Don’t believe nothing.  Scar Jones.
“Oh, here’s the thing I’m supposed to tell y’all.  It’s big news, too.”
He stood there, laughing inside.  
“Well?  What is it?”
“I’m waiting for the cameras to roll.  Gotta catch this’n on film.”
“They’ve been rolling.  Go ahead.”
“Oh, shit, sorry.  This is the important bit.  I, uh, I done forgot.  Well, fuck y’all for making me wait.  Ain’t but your fault, you leech worms.”
“You didn’t even have anything, did you?”
“Hell if I know.”
“Scar, what’s your opinion of lawyers?”
“Huh!  Hate ‘em and they all oughtta die now.  You’re all fins, ain’t ya?  I’m the only one here that ain’t.”  Scar pointed to the counter kid.  “Except for that jerk-off there and I bet he’s studying to be one.  You can make money, but you got no game.  You don’t know how to show it.”
He sipped his coffee and forgot anyone was with him.
Somebody told him what he’d said and asked for a comment.
“All right.  I gave you fatties some good memories and the best advice I know and what did you do?  You filmed it and called some red-face bug boss and gave your little reports and figured out a way to make money on TV or use it against each other.  You got on your knees and sucked your respective dicks like good whores and you ain’t a better man or woman at the end of it.  You’re worse, a little, every day.  Your assholes are getting bigger from a setup that makes your life stupid when it’s over, and you’re proud of yourselves.  You want something to be proud of?  I dare any one of you to denounce your biggo in public right now and make a name for yourself.  Choose being alive over your candy painted cars!  Quit being a mummy.  Get outta this dream with the elves or whatever they are.  You’re owned.”  
He poured coffee on the guy’s crotch and the guy gritted his teeth, then looked at him like it hadn’t happened.  “See?  You ain’t nothing but somebody’s property.  How do you shits do this?  You’re watching me all the time, but you ain’t listening to a word.”
Scar was getting mad and he pulled out his buck-knife and unfolded it under the table.  It was time to teach ‘em a lesson.


death gift 

Entropy read the Distilled World News, his own bot-filtered, meta-indexed version of the major municipal and online newspapers and a random hit of small-town ones.  Even condensed, it was a staggering amount of data and he read one percent of it every day on average, about 200,000 words.  It took an hour.  He named the sections for fun, and his most recent favorite was ‘The Wall Street Hammer.’  It had less to do with the Wall Street Journal than a preacher with death metal.  It was more of a corporate scandal rag, dishy and gossipy.  Another two hours were spent perusing data culled from various government and corporate networks, hidden info scraped by the botnet.  Entropy could leverage the world with the data.  Most of it would never see a newspaper, but if it did, people died and big careers ended.  Those who knew of him pretended they didn’t.
He issued orders to the botnet concerning the day’s events.  Mostly, they were ignore or watch levels one, two, three, and four.  Scar was on level three or he’d be onscreen constantly.  Instead, Entropy had a scrolling text highlight in the bottom right corner.  If a significant event happened with Scar, like a death or a new player, the text changed color.
Entropy always read his data, if possible.  It was much easier to glean information from text.  Words did what pictures never could: they revealed the true intent of the witness.  Enough words read and Entropy understood the author.  He had proven it in the blogsphere many times, gauging people’s reactions, creating double-blind tests with actual experimenters and checking it against his predictions based on personality assessments.  The subject always behaved according to his model.
Except Scar.  Entropy couldn’t predict him, which he loved.  Scar was how Entropy spelled sex.  Working with Scar was like playing pinball.  The trick was to keep the ball in play and get as many lights as possible.  Even neuro-linguistic programming was a dead end with Scar and Entropy was very good at it.  It didn’t matter, though, because getting Scar to do what he wanted wasn’t the point at all.  Rather the reverse.  He wanted Scar to figure it out and give him orders.  Entropy trusted Scar’s intuition.
Entropy discovered a trick with him.  His craziness was programmable.  Scar knew all the diagnoses and most of the details.  Entropy had seen to it by leaving a book on abnormal psych for Scar to steal.  Then he got Scar to steal it again.  After the third time, Scar had retained a good bit.  
He planned a big party for Scar’s death.
Entropy jerked his head.  The man on the barstool next to him grimaced.  He was halted in mid-reach for his beer.  Entropy was too deep inside the wave to be in public like this, but he didn’t have time to go home and he had a lot going on.  He caught the man like a rabbit, his hand snatching out by instinct and locking on the guy’s nuts and twisting.  The skin did its own thing sometimes without him noticing.
He blinked his eyes and the silvered membrane slid back.  “You’re lucky to be alive, now get away from me.”
He clicked back in and had to replay Scar’s latest coup.  It was the coolest thing he’d seen in a long time.  A commercial hit the net, security footage of Scar smashing up an Ikea outlet and yelling about plasticky crap and consumer demand driving down fiscal responsibility and merchandising the shit quotient.  Some security guys came and tried to talk him down.  The words were hard to make out.  They came through tinny, as if the camera was a distance away, but Ikea had thoughtfully provided yellow subtitles.
“Sir, we’re going to have to ask you to step away from that.”
“From what?  This here pile of garbage?”
“That’s furniture.”
“Not no more it ain’t.  It’s just trash which is all it ever was.  Quit making this junk or I’ll put you outta business.”
They stood warily and seemed to be waiting for the police.
“OK, would you like to explain how?”
“It’s called a boycott, numb nuts.”
“And what’s that?”
“Bullshit, prickfinger.  You know damn well what it is and you’re just making me talk to you.”
Scar walked off to another part of the store and smashed a white shelf on his way.  He picked up a toilet brush in a silver case and threw it like a football.  It hit somebody and they yelled.
“Sorry about that!  I was just trying to clean up a little.”  Scar found the man he’d hit and got in a discussion about philosophy with him.  The cops took him down from behind and it faded into the Ikea logo as his face broke a desk on the way to the floor.
Entropy loved it and watched four times in a row before he pondered some other aspects of the tournament.  Goat Killer.  He made mistakes, but Entropy erased them.  He didn’t want Killer caught, not yet at least.  He deleted the net tracks, the bragging on Usenet that could be traced to the real man.  
He sent Square an e-mail.  
-Do your job.  Work with Killer better.  He’s a good tapper, but a lousy hider.  He’s not a soldier yet, he’s a loose cannon.  Tame him, make him want to be part of your team.  Make him your boy.  I’ve attached an NLP routine to help.  Use it again and again, varying the language each time.  There’s a negative and a positive reinforcement technique.
The idea here is to instill a sense of longing and respect, even awe at your Delta boys, then transfer the feeling that he is one, if only he understands these principles.  If he has intelligent loyalty.  The particular text doesn’t matter, but he needs loyalty to this mission and to you.  He wants to be Delta bad.  Use that.  I know I don’t need to say this, but use it ruthlessly.  Twist it as hard as you can.  Keep him believing he can get it, but he isn’t there yet.  This is not logic, it is feeling.  Manipulate that feeling.

He gave Goat Killer a mirror of the Goat Zero blog on the page that was formerly gone forever.  If the real Goat Zero happened to look at the space, he would still see his own permanent annulment of it.  Entropy pasted the blog onto the site, then hammered it, a rail spike into Goat Killer’s e-mail.  All Killer got was a blank screen with the words goat.zero burned in and a computer that would never work again.
He sent an e-mail saying I will hide you.  Make no sudden movements.  Entropy liked it when people got what they believed.
He looked at the five hundred other Goat blogs.  One hundred and sixteen had sold to corporate interests.  Let them live by their own rules.  The Goat ethic: no profit shall be made.  Goat had put it in the terms of agreement and they checked the box.  It was written like a vow, with high language, which made Entropy chuckle.  Even the terms of use had an artist’s excessive touch to it.  He loved best the thought that none would read it.  Who ever did?  The sell-outs would be the next targets of Killer.
Entropy gave him the list of names.

Ravage

Goat didn’t blog a day and on the next Entropy forced open a chat window.
-Blog daily.  Post things of worth and beauty.
-I can’t, I have to contemplate it, prepare.
-Just a sentence.  But every day.
-Can it be more?
-Of course, as much and as often as you like, but at least one sentence a day.  The more the better.  Post what you have now.  What about Scar?  What do you want?
-Two hours.

http//goat:zero
Buried in the noise, one will rise majestic.  Scar mirrors, revealing what I could be, both good and bad.  I don’t single myself out, probably he only shows what any man is capable of when stripped of memory and social norm.  I bake in self-derision.  Scar reminds me of the man I could not be.  Not in his vulgarity, but in his exposure.
Though I am hidden, I must abide by the rules of Scar.  Not in terms of his rampant fearlessness and obscene self-revelation, I deny such ethos, but in terms of the brutal honesty, the stock in trade of the artist, and ideally the weave of his person.  To nakedly reveal oneself is a beautiful gift to others; this is my love of Scar.  Who created him? 
Scar points out our defect with every word.  We have shamed ourselves, fellow humans, victims of our own weakness to hold back the tide of plastic civilization.  All comes to ruin if we fail to bind our wills together and act as one.  It is unlikely.
Look upon our hanging heart.  Everyday we find more detail, but less pith.  Meaning declines as useless data piles higher.  Goodness and kindness whisper, lost in the shouting.  The beautiful secret of a pearl in the fray, yet this wisdom pervades all of space and time.  Believe it to be so and it is, for our perceptions shape the world and our subtler mind is, in fact, the deftness of our spirit.  We can never be wholly lost, for our essence is untainted.
As you know your mind, thus you know yourself.  As you share this intrinsic nature, so you see the world.  I fail, useless in this as in all else.  I am a rambling fool, lost always in thought, lacking a fraction of the brave succor required to live ever in the now, which is the key to perceiving the real.  But the root is there for me, and for all.  Even the most cowardly is not cast beyond courage.  
In part, Scar is a mirror.  He attacks the wolves surrounding him.  With the meek, he is also meek.  The lesson (arrived at by instinct and not logic) for me?  Preying upon the weak and innocent turns one inhuman.  But, however foul the beast of man may arise, he still bears the seed of love.  It cannot disappear altogether.  Preying (and prayer alike) to my mind, are tools for the feeble mind.  Pray instead to never-ending awareness, the very teeth of the mind.
Your second question, Lurker, what do I want?
I would love to say I want what is right, but I cannot.  I have no faith in right and wrong.  These notions are traps for small minds and they never fail to snare that object.  Belief in justice, in the good/evil split, and in inalienable rights has no congruence to the actual.  It does not accord with what is.  I am no cynic, painting a dark Hobbesian world where man is inclined to brutish, short and nasty.  I state that the laws of reality do not proffer long and beautiful life on the good, or short, horrid deaths on the bad.  I do believe, however, in the fundamental decency of everyone, even if they shield it away.
I make no claim to have some higher mind.  Actually, I do, but this mind is a common inheritance.  It is anyone’s possession, but, for the greater part, we ignore it.  Right and wrong, good and bad, I strive to evade such trite measures.  I strive and fail, ever again.  This croaking plainness, this timid ethos, blares from each television and echoes in every conversation.  Why do people cling to lies?  If there are such things as justice and its inverse, they do not visit the Earth, or if they do, they do not hold any sway.  Injustice and unreasoned response are the order of they day and have always been.
I avoid such beliefs not even from a call to greater truth which I listen to in my better moments.  (Listen with me, for it is freely given and worth more than all the gold of man.)  Though surpassing right and wrong is a higher truth, I believe it simply because it is more interesting.  To carve the world into black and white, wicked and virtuous, bores me.  All is pure in being as it is.  I cannot abide the clean divide of my world into two pieces.  
‘If you aren’t for us, you’re against us,’ a president said.  What bastard’s trick is this?  I am neither, but an observer, a simple philosopher offering comment.  As I see my better image, a spiritual man longs to be in but not of the world.  Yearning to help, he struggles to elevate the freedom of his own mind.  It is a steep demand and I am far from any success.  The taint of capitalist excess, the smear of greed, the desperate grasp of security and safety, the insistent evasion of the knowledge of mortality, I fail in these ratios of worth with each ticking second.  But maybe some brief instants are granted, a glimpse or two, in my decades, beyond small self.
What do I want?  I want to expose all that is false.  To erase the smallness which obscures the greatness in any man’s mind.  I want to see anyone and everyone I meet open to their full potential.  Billions worship at impossible altars.  Why is it all about money?  Business rules the world.
Truth be known, I have nothing against business per se.  Especially against small business.  Family run enterprises were once the spirit of the nation and the world.  Now immense corporations have become the mind of civilization.  The uncompromising ethic of consumption invades the heart.  It is not evil, it is rotten.  People lessen their individual and the collective spirit.
Little pleasantries and certain manners are still in practice, but they exist from fear and not dignity.  Give me a slap in the face from an open heart over all the false kindness of this meaningless society.  I lack the stomach for the last; I am weak.  Despair is become my native caress.  Nothing changes, except that the age of darkness is upon us.  Nothing changes except that it worsens.  The vision of man has limited itself to what he can purchase.
Forcing upon us their angry software, seducing us into searching this wide flung web, drawing us into the blank ignorance of boxes on desks, puffing us into our proud little chairs all the same, barraging with jealous claims to be everything, mighty corporations herd us like willful cattle.  These beasts are but our own small emotions writ large into the stock exchange and year end statements.  When those base emotions can cause individuals to strike a wife or child, destroy another life for a moment’s pleasure, scorn and ignore the outcast, lust after the beautiful, or pose in arrogance over misery, how can we let such chaos abide and control such power?  Terrible these giants ravage the world, unchecked by any Freud or Skinner.
Let them ravage each other.


Corporate War

The mumbledy-peg thing freaked everybody out, every time.  Scar had done forgot about it.  The watch buzzed.
Can we forgive others their loudness?  Can we discard our own loathing into the senseless clamor?  He read it to ‘em and they all pushed buttons on their gadgets and talked into their phones and stuff.  
“It’s a pair.”  
The dude had some serious misconception, and Scar was gonna set him straight.  “These are words, not fruit.”  What was wrong with people?
“P-A-I-R, pair.”
“Oh, yeah, I guess it is a pair of lines.  So what?”
They started explaining to him about some big prize and millions of dollars and the prestige of solving it and he quit listening.  One of those fins grabbed at his wrist and Scar leaned forward and hit him in the throat like he’d seen in Kung Fu movies.  

“Try again and I’ll stab you in the face.”  He showed his pocket knife to the cameras.  “Did you get that?  Don’t touch my watch.  Matter of fact, the next mother fucker who touches me, dies.”
He was in a crap mood, so he played mumbledee-peg and went real fast.  More and more people were watching and when he finally nicked himself, some girl screamed real loud.
“Shut up.  It ain’t nothing but a finger. Wasn’t a tiny scratch, anyway.”  Somebody put a band-aid on it and Scar left.
A fat scribbler stood outside and licked his lips.  He was afraid and Scar walked past like he wasn’t there.  He put his arm around Scar’s shoulders and Scar knocked it off, then pushed the guy sideways to face him and butted his head against the guy’s nose.  Blood flowed out.
“Why’d you touch me, man?  I don’t want to be touched right now.”
The guy patted him on the face.  Scar pushed him with both hands, knocking him flat.  He looked scared as he went over backwards.  Scar walked away.  People were losing it.
There was a bon-bon with cones on and cherries on top, looking at him in that way.  He slapped her.  “Quit trying to do that.  It’s a weird sign about the world when a woman like you’d fuck a man like me for a job.  Time to get drunk, may as well come along, peanut.  You gonna take your clothes off?”
“Maybe.  Will you take me home after?”
“I’ll take you home, no problem.  I got some big motorbike around here that was even made in some other country.  Hey, there it is.”
She got on behind him.  “How long do you think you’ll live, Scar?”
“Hell, I could die right now and you with me.  On the other hand, it might be a million years.  There aint’ no way to know how the game of life is gonna get played.”  

They took him in the limo to some thing he’d agreed to.  He walked out into the lights and saw the crowd.
“What is this?”
Some dykie little short hair blond held a microphone.  “It’s a talk show.”
“All I gotta do is talk?  Do I get paid?”
“We agreed.”
“We agreed what?  That I get paid?  I don’t remember agreeing to be on no talk show.  I believe you, though, I forget most stuff.  Is there money?”
The dyke nodded.
“How much?  Like fifty grand or so?  National TV, right?  You guys are the ones with the money, ain’t you?”
“Mister Jones, have you-” 
“Scar, goddammit, how many times I got tell a damn fool the same thing.  It ain’t mister nothing.”
“My apologies.  Scar, have you ever had sex with a man?”
“Have you?”  She didn’t answer and he didn’t care.  “No, I ain’t, but I thought about it.”
“Why didn’t you?”
“Why didn’t I just fuck some dude?  You sure are a lezzie little thing.  Wasn’t no dude to fuck when I needed the money.  I was hard up on dope and I didn’t have none.  I’d a sucked one for my drugs that day.”
“What type of narcotics?”
“Up yours, miss bigwords.  Any kind, ain’t made a fuck to me.  I’d of even smoked up some marijuana.”
Scar looked at his watch.  “Holy shit.”
“What is it?”
“I ain’t gonna tell y’all about this’n.”  There wasn’t nothing there, he just wanted to mess with ‘em.  “But it’s a big mother fucking deal.”
He quit paying attention because she kept asking boring stuff.  He just stared at the audience until she got up in his face and made him listen.
“Apparently, Goat has attracted the attention of such mega-corporations as IBM, Google, Amazon, and even Ikea.  What’s your position on that?”
The dykey peanut kept asking dumb shit about that goat thing.  He needed to shut her up.  “Check this, slurpy.  Within a…well, real soon, I will have those biggoes and their bastardization teamed up, ready to get destroying on each other.  Three of ‘em, or four could be, is gonna fight the other one to the death, like lions picking the weak out of the herd.  Scout’s honor.  Then the next one goes, or whatever.”
He cleared his throat and eyed a chiclet in the crowd.  
“How long will it be?”
He didn’t know what she was talking about, ‘cause he done forgot, and he didn’t wanna let on, so he asked her a question to trip her up.  “Well, what time is it now?”
“It’s ten a.m.”
“No, that other thing what time it is.”
“Um, the date?”
“Yeah, what goddamn month is it?”
“March.”
“Right.  Then, obviously, it’s the next month that starts with a ‘M.’”
“May, then.”  She acted like she was talking to a little kid and it was getting on Scar’s nerves ‘cause he was a grown man.  “When in May?”
“Well, the third half.”
“But, it’s only got two halves.”
“Who took the third one?”  Scar busted up laughing.  She was so dumb.
“Two halves is sort of a definition.”
“Don’t talk to me like I’m stupid.  I watched a game one time where it went on past the end ‘cause they had the same score.  There was a third half, miss smarter not than me.  There’s your target date.”
She looked like a skinny cow, confused and stupider ‘n hell.  “So, five major corporations will battle to the death, that’s what you’re saying, right?  By the third half of May?”
He blew a kiss to that blondy-poo in the crowd.  “Sounds good, taco bumper.  Now ask me something I give a shit about.”

Activist 

Somebody was looking for Entropy.  He snagged a signal out in his botnet and looked at the message.  Help me.  He traced it to the source, a Goat named Activist.  He profiled.  A photographer.  He looked at the work on the real name blog.  Activist was a savant.  The shots had that thing and they were all in the dark meat of the third world.  They all made somebody look like a helpless victim and somebody else look evil.  But it was such an individual truth.
Your vision is restricted, he e-mailed.  What do you want?
I bilked a company and a third world government out of a lot of money.  Now they’re hunting me.
Why should I give a shit?
I gave it all away to the people, I swear.
What’s your data on the situ?
Here’s the link to the corporate records.  Go here for the story of what I did.
Entropy read them both.  The corporation took a ‘need to resolve this’ approach and the replaceable tribal government took a vengeful approach.
You posted this in your blog?  You’re too stupid to save.
I didn’t use company or government names.  I thought I was invisible.
You’re a Goat, of course you’re watched.  If you live, don’t brag next time.  You’re blown.  Later.
He allowed one more try, though, but he wouldn’t respond if it didn’t hit him.
Don’t leave a soldier out to hang.  I hired this kid from the country, a real genius who fought against a very nasty government, very brave.  He was tortured and still went back.  They did some kind of weird injections to make him a better soldier and that’s when he went against them, organizing raids, and living in the bush.  They killed his family brutally.  He was a fighter and I took and had him trained to be a brilliant hacker.  I designed the plan and he made it work.
Now, he’s going to die for being a good soldier.  Don’t let that happen.
That got him, the soldier kid fighting for justice.  Delta.  He force chatted Activist.
Do they know who you are, yet?  If so, I can’t help.  He could, but not easily.
No, they aren’t net savvy, not even enough to hire a top-flight.
What’s your soldier’s name?
He wants a new one. 
Atgo Erzo.  E-mail a physical description, photo, and an address.  Papers and new I.D. will arrive in two hours.
He’s in Africa now.
Might take four hours, then.
What about me?
What about you?
Will you help?
Why should I?
I’m trying to do something good as a Goat.
So what?
I’m begging.
I don’t like begging.
I don’t know what to say.  What do you want from somebody?  Are you one of the good guys?
You don’t deserve it.
But?
Do something for me.
Do what?
I’ll tell you later; you promise now.
Is it more dangerous than this?
You’re in trouble, SFB, just agree.
SFB??
Shit for brains.
All right, I’ll do it.  Now help me out of this.
How do you know they’re after you?
I got a death threat on my blog.
Give me the text of it.
‘You are under the knife.  Soon the ground claims you cold.  You will suffer horribly.’
It was Squarehead.
Hmm, OK.  Who do you hate?
Dennis Bilbson, CEO of Pen Security.
Entropy pulled up the stats.  Pen was a mercenary organization.  Bilbson had a lot of women and children killed.  It wouldn’t work, though.  No one would believe a flag-waving redneck was goat.activist.
Won’t fly.  Who else, someone that might be mistaken for goat Activist?
Jared Wilcox.
He could die.
He should.  He deserves to.
Wait right there.
Wilcox was a highly engaged political activist in the third world.  At first blush, he was a non-player and Entropy wouldn’t tap an innocent, especially from a personal vendetta.  With the botnet, he cracked the man’s passwords and organized the data.  Three minutes. His connectivity array balanced heavily on diamond owners.  There were too many financial pointers to be clean.  Wilcox was a war profiteer posing as an activist.  Technically, he had no money.  It was hidden from most people, but Entropy could find it.  That game wasn’t worth the prize, though.  Entropy could see where it left the internet and dove into the paper trail, where he had a hard follow.  Most of his gains were not in electronic record.  Entropy made a green tea while the bots searched.  He let it cycle ten minutes.  Nothing was in the relative’s records either.  It didn’t matter, though.  Wilcox was filthy with it.
He had the botnet generate 600,000 connects in subtle and a few more obvious ways to fuse the identity of Goat Activist to Wilcox.  He tapped the corporate records for the company Activist had hit, scraped the name of the lead investigator and planted pointers to his setup of Wilcox.  He put the botnet back on its standing orders: Goat and Scar scanning.
All right, Wilcox is Activist.
Wow, thanks, you’re amazing.
Don’t ever blow smoke up my ass.  I don’t like it.
Got it.  Atgo Erzo is an anagram for goat zero.  Are you inside of that?
If it’s on the net, I’m in it; I own it.
Who are you?
Entropy cut the connect.  Three days later, Wilcox was dead of cardiac lead poisoning, a bullet through the heart.

Candy

Candy Applered pulled her five year old BMW into the Googleplex parking lot, then steered into one of the hundred or so handicapped spaces.  She wrestled her crutches out of the seat beside her.  Before she levered up, the Palm Pilot beeped, reminding her of a meeting with X, the exec who gave no name.  As if she could forget that.  She worked her way to a standing position, no mean feat with two broken legs.  But it was her statement.  She did a wheelchair for a few days, but as soon as she had her strength back, she went for crutches.  One cast was low because she had a cracked ankle.  Otherwise, it wouldn’t have been possible.
She borrowed one of those damn scooter things from someone and managed to strap the crutches in place.  It was awkward, especially starting and stopping.  She fell down once, but people helped her up and she puttered the half mile to the back of the googleplex.  She left the scooter and crutched her way to the elevator and up to the third floor.  She labored to an office in back that few people knew existed.  X didn’t look up.
“Shut the door.”
She pushed it closed with a crutch, then got it back to ground before wobbling to another fall.  “Can I sit?”
He looked up from his computer and pushed his glasses up.  He was a short man with a pocked nose, a silver flat top, and a blocky face.  “Performance analysis: poor.  Your work left something to be desired.”
She made the crutches bang his desk when she sat and he made a distasteful face.  
“Like two unbroken legs?”
“That and obtaining coital relations with Scar.”
“It’s not as easy as it looks.  He’s crazy.”
“Is he?”
“Yes.”  
He eyed her blankly.  
“I don’t even know who you are.  I just got an e-mail to come here and meet you again.  I’ve never heard your name, by the way.”
He coughed without putting his hand over his mouth.
“I tried, I failed.  Skip the sixty grand.  Just pay my medical and I’m fine.”
“Are you giving up so easily?”
“I’ve got two broken legs.”
“It hardly qualifies as major disfigurement.  Besides, it might even sexually arouse him.  The helpless female thing?”
“I don’t think so.  I think it’s dangerous.”
The weasel cleared his throat and reached into a drawer.  He bit his lips and inclined his head fractionally.  “I didn’t intend to do this, but…”  He handed her an envelope.  “They’re photographs of you at a certain party.  You’re a Baptist, aren’t you?”
“So?”
“Well, your father might not approve of certain things you’re doing in there.  And personally, I don’t want to tell him.”
“What if they see me on the show?  Trying to do Scar?”
“We can prevent that.”
“What?  Are you threatening my parents?”
He laughed, if it could be called that.  “No.  We’ve negotiated to keep the cameras where we want them, to blur faces and voices.  Your identity won’t be compromised.”
“Why don’t you hire some other tramp to do your work?”
“We think you have a connection with him.  He notices you at every press situation.  There’s only one other woman he does that to.  Nobody knows who she is.”
“The Asian.  What a bitch she is.”
“The Asian?  I would tell you you’re perceptive, but I believe everybody’s noticed.  He even calls her by name.  We think he did that with you, too, once.”
“I need more money.  It’s a lot of responsibility.  And it’s so dangerous.  I was hired as a PR specialist.”
“And this is PR, Miss Applered.  It’s at a very high level, a new millennium approach to the trade.  Pull this off and you will be discussed in classrooms for ushering in a different age of corporate relations.  You’re doing a great job.  We know this isn’t easy, but you’re the one.  You’re going to have Scar Jones baby and Google’s going to adopt it.”


Open Season

They was at some rich fuckers castle or something and Scar fixed himself a burger and some woman came a’ screaming about the mess when he was eating and watching the birds outside the winders, so he did what any sensible man would do.  He told her he like didn’t bitchy women.  
She was a bitch, too.  He pretty well hated her until he forgot what it was that was bugging him.  He walked out of the room with his lunch.  She followed him in the hallway, just a cunting out of control and he said, look, he knew it wasn’t fair, but asshole men didn’t bug him so much.  Bitchy women just got under his skin and it weren’t her fault, but she just got madder ‘n a hog what’s had it’s tail pulled, so he told her he had to get away from her and they wouldn’t be staying there no more.  She just kept on following and screaming and he told her to go fuck herself to hell and that’s when it got bad.
He stole the wrong book from her shelf: Advanced Knitting.  He carried that son of a bitch around for two weeks, hoping somebody would steal it so he wouldn’t have to finish it, but those fools were smarter ‘n he was and nobody swiped the damn thing.  He finished it in some bar and tossed it at a fin.  “That was awful.  You read it.”
He got himself a bourbon and some fat queer told him how bad it was.
 “You love it and you know it, now admit it.”
“Ugh, I don’t know how anybody can drink that stuff.”
“I don’t know how anybody can bang your mom, but here you are, living proof.  How drunk you figure your old man was before he nailed her and snuck off in shame the next morning forever?”
The homo didn’t say nothing, so Scar told him what he was.
“I’m not gay.”
Scar figured he better reevaluate his position on that matter.  He lectured him on the ethics of banging a man’s chocolate: it weren’t wrong, it just made people feel funny, so to be a decent citizen, it oughta be hid a little, especially dudes kissing on one ‘nother.  Not the fact of, just the act of.  Scar was proud of his rhyme and repeated it.  “It’s okay to be gay.  But pretending you don’t is a coward trail.  And don’t touch me any more ‘n to shake my hand or whatever.  Not in no queer way.  Don’t never do that., ‘cause I’ll beat the crap out of you.”  That didn’t look like no big job, neither, just a punch or two and the pudge’d be bawling.
The dude told him, all right, he was gay, like he was admitting it for the first time.  Good for him.  Scar said so and bought him a drink and that was when he saw a set of bones behind the bar and got so excited it started on to messing at his speeching and think processing.  “I’m getting fixing at throw down in the boneyard.  Who bucks up to lose their apples?  I don’t never got tenned on no bones.”  
They wondered him what he was yapping on, and he done gone so crazy with maybe fun he buttered off his talking complete and painted his skin stick at the dadblamed crapper.
“Dominoes,” a fin whistled.
“Daggin wordy-birds, just flipped-on gone.”  They put ‘em out to the place and got at it.  He furled up a yankin’ bone.  “Scrubble pickles!”  Air in the basement, three times, slow.  Breathe deep, one more.  He got calmed and got his talking skills under control again.  Damn, he loved them bones.
He whipped a fin’s ass, told him it was bad luck to roll bones with Scar Jones.  Fella needs a big ole’ dick for that, and Scar could tell that dumb fin didn’t have much down below.  He was compensating, and Scar made it clear to him without no vague terminology.
Everybody wanted his advice today, ‘cause  that broke leg girl what he couldn’t remember how she broke ‘em to keep his own skin attached asked how women should drink.  Alcohol, she had to explain, so he told her they oughtta make ‘em weak and drink a lot of ‘em.  Hang with the men, but in name only.  Although, a real drinking woman could out drink him.  
“Them bitches can hit a bottle.”  He pointed a finger at her.  “I respect it.”
“I don’t believe it.  You don’t care about anything.”
“How you figure?”
“You aren’t ever nice to anyone, except that Asian slut, and that’s only because she’s got you wrapped around her finger like a little boy.”
“Being friendly ain’t the same as giving a shit.  But you’re right about her.  I’m tied up on that one.”
“Why do you hate homosexuals so much?” that fat fraidy asked him.
“I don’t.  I don’t hate nobody.”
“You hate lawyers.”
Scar gave him the curious eye.
“Fins?”
“I hate the paper maché.”  Nobody got it.  “I hate the statue in front.”  Even worse.  “Look.  People get a lot of jobs and they ain’t but some layer, less a person than they start thinking they are what that title is.  They think they’re that J-O-B more than what they could of really been and might could still be.  What’s beneath that crap is what matters, but they done give that up.  They forgot it’s there.  That’s what I’m fighting against so hard.”
“You don’t like the mask?”
“They done dissolved all what’s good in ‘em into what they think they’re supposed to be.  That pretending?  It ain’t the way it’s meant to be.  It’s wrong, it’s awful and it hurts to watch.  Especially when it’s so bad, like some of these poop holes dragging behind me.  Sometimes it’s better if they check out and start fresh.”
“You mean if they die?”
“Yeah, that’s exactly what I mean.  It ain’t ‘cause they’re evil or bad, it’s ‘cause if they keep on heading the current direction, they’re only gonna wind up more lost.  Some people got a better shot dead.  They ain’t gonna tap in alive.”
“So when you curse fins, you…?”
“That pretending I’m against.  I’m trying to find the person underneath and it’s been robbed from ‘em.  Make sense?”
“You hate the player and not the game?”  It was Pi.  
He didn’t look at her.  “No, doll, you ain’t the getting it right all the time one.  You ain’t that person after all, because nobody is.  Not even Scar.  You picked the wrong word already from to begin with.  There ain’t no hate in ole’ Scar, that ain’t what he’s about.”
“What’s the bottom line?” the broke leg asked him.
“Bottom line?  What’s that mean?”
“Causa prima,” the tubby said.  “Your principal reason.”
Scar shrugged.  “Good question.  I’m just trying to meet people.”  He was trying to figure it out himself.  These was good questions.  He leaned over to emphasize his point.  “And I mean really meet ‘em.  Not this little fake meeting like we’re happening all the time.  You get it?”
They did, they got it.  Scar was awful happy about that. 

Scar changed the rules again, he quit sleeping.  One of the fins told him it’d been four days. He figured he was due for a laydown soon, but not just yet.  He was still having too much fun.  The retinue was getting to look awful tired and that made it a damn sight more fun.  They was rotating, following along behind, staying in hotel rooms and what-not.  He guessed about a hundred bags of shit were hippieing around in his trail so he called a spontaneous press conference and fucked ‘em up.
“It’s open season,” he said.  “All you secret wonder worms out there: put your Trojans on and screw ‘em.  Anybody who caps a fin is a good man.”
“What’s a fin?”
“You’re a fin.”
“Why?”
“What’s your damn job?”
“I’m a reporter.”
“Bullshit.  The real thing, tough-cock.  What?”
“I’m a lawyer.”
“Right.  You’re a fin, you piece of pig shit.  I don’t know how many of ‘em are following me, but when I leave today, I want these here to be the only ones left.  And I don’t want no more added on after, neither.  New fins get blued quick and ugly.  You lucky bastards are my crew now.”
Them fins and spinners kept on pretending they was scribblers and asking him dumb questions.  They all started yelling and hollering.  It gave Scar a headache, so he left looking for some kind of dope.

Part III
Definitions 

http//goat:zero
I am feverish with writing, isolation and too much beer. 
Behind this, I am afraid.  It is a definite experience to live in fear, to feel the silent barrel of the rifle, searching.  I am exposed.  It helps me see my further passions, though.  My fear reveals to me what I long for in life. 
I have questions, lurker.  What do you deem the worst curse of the modern age?  What is best about it?  How old are you?  Describe to me this botnet.  Tell me your purpose, why you are doing all this?  What are you?

Entropy replied.
I think you’re asking me to define myself.  But no final definition may be arrived at.  Everything is approximate.  All is fluid.  This is the logic of battle, and what else is existence but battle?  
I am Entropy and I blame no one.  My skin is 36 years old.  Botnet: I cannot name the hour or even month of its birth.  When did my information Frankenstein come alive?  What defines it?  (What defines the skin for that matter?)  The botnet is 400 million reprogrammable recursively linked software entities planted on personal and business computers throughout the internet.  Other botnets exist, but mine is the largest by a magnitude of 100 times.  It is also far more adaptable, many generations ahead of all others.  The technology is divergent, too.  No others will design a botnet similar to mine in functionality.
I fear boring you, but I have pride in this achievement.  And you asked.  The botnet is programmed using an unknown type of math called Simplysis.  I invented it.  Each bot is nearly, but not exactly, identical with the near bots in its sector.  They are programmed in a series of shaped arrays, with core functions towards the center, and peripheral, thus more active and at-risk, functions to the outside.  For my interface, I have sets of shapes and colors.  Different combinations of these perform different tasks.  It sounds simplistic, but it is massively intuitive and generates tremendous processing velocity so that a human mind, or at least mine, can direct the bots’ activities without getting lost in the details.  There are deeper levels, of course, but this is the overall picture.
Your other questions: you have hit upon my answer, a near miss, that is.  The worst curse of this age is the torture of the guiltless.  At some level, I defend the innocent.  To refine that, I defend innocence, as a principle.  I see Scar in that way, and you, as well.  Yours is a more, perhaps awakened, innocence, but timid, almost cowardly.  His is more naked, uncompromised, but rougher.  You yearn and Scar takes.  He doesn’t take because he wants, though.  He takes because he’s a perfect American.
The best about this age?  All is now possible.  As Nietzsche said, ‘Nothing is true, everything is permitted.’  I would modify that for our scienza millennia.  Nothing is provable, everything is possible.  Very quantum-relativistic, don’t you think?  This limitlessness to man’s potential is finally recognized, but, due to the complacency of gross entertainments and the infinite diversions, such potential is not pursued (your dark ages theory).  No one cares what they could be; they only care how they pass the time.  But all is not lost.  Millions must exist to create a single individual.  Genetics is not the survival of the fittest, but the emergence of the superior.  I am part of that, and here to cultivate it.  Nothing will prevent me.
But, what am I, you asked.  My answer, of course, is what are we?  And I mean that ‘we’ as you, and Scar and the players of this drama, and myself.  As you say, all is connected.  No one exists in isolation, so I am who I am by virtue of the interplay with my phenomena. 
‘We’ also could mean the Skin and the botnet.  This phrase, the Skin, it offers a tremble of revulsion.  Well, this desire I mentioned, to defend innocence, is part of the reason the overall Entropy keeps the Skin alive.  It isn’t such a horror show as it sounds, Entropy is very much in the physical body.  Attack him and see.
The botnet will not let me die.  I have taken hundreds of hours of psychological testing and am always diagnosed insane.  The particulars differ, but the phrase ‘God complex’ has a high frequency.
Ah, well, we are who we are.  Why fight it?  I exist to create the world anew.  I will try to give birth to a better one, but promise nothing.  Perhaps the world ends in fire at my hands.
I AM insane.  I am driven to do this, why I cannot explain.  I will try.  
There are two answers.  One, the current track of the realm is towards complacency.  People are addicted to softness, comfort, convenience.  Such is the smallness of their lives.  I am with you, though, I agree, man is far more than he now allows.  This civilization has gone the wrong direction.  Instead of creating the strong, the great, the profound individual, one who braves the harshness of reality with his own sense of himself, we have created a world of groupthink, based on laziness, cowardice, and virtual impotence to see another way is possible.  This society destroys all vision; thus it must be destroyed.
Second, and related, I see a greater human, but the price is chaos.  Entropy will hammer this civilization.  Will it crumble?  I cannot say, but I will shake this tree until the fruit falls. I will find superior man.
I am not this profound being; my lineage has no successor.  It must end with me.  Entropy is different, too powerful to rightly exist, too lost to human values, too alone.  I have not reproduced because I am a messenger, not a father.  Who would that be?  Perhaps even Scar, he could easily be recast as a mad prophet; those cults are appearing already.  Tell me about you.

http//goat:zero
I was a goofy kid, and all I ever wanted was to hang a star on the moon.  But that isn’t possible, so I grew up.  For a time I was a nihilist, I worshiped the altar of nothingness.  It was a vulgar achievement in its own way.  Extremes always deserve some little honor, even if that is only our attention for a moment.  Then I remembered, it’s possible after all.  Just make things up.  We each create our own world anyway.  One might as well control the strangeness of that process.  
In a similar vein, we should witness all oddity without judgment.  Do not deny anything.  But that is impossible.  Still, let us do our best to keep our spirit available to all in need.
I seek truth, it is my only desire.  I yearn to pass beyond all delusion.  To know me, that is all that is necessary.  I love nothing more than discussing the deeper aspects of existence with brilliant minds.  I want to teach young brilliance, as well, but with honest and equal dialogue.  I want to brave the venom and scorn of those who are too keenly intelligent to know happiness.  How does one guide genius to peace?  
That quantity arises only from the mind itself.  If one lays bare the naked essence of mind, one sees that something and nothing both abide.  Mind cannot disappear for we would disappear, as well.  But find it, I challenge you.  No rigorous scrutiny yields a thing identifiable as mind direct.  The traces are everywhere, but is thought mind?
No, we sense, they are what mind perceives.  Are they then different from mind?  We reflect and realize they are not different either.  If they were, where are they?  What constitutes thought?  Search yields nothing, but try it yourself.  Produce for me a thought.  What color is it?  What shape?  Is it within or without the mind?  Where does it dwell?  Where does it go?  Where did it come from?  Try it.  Look and see.
This is no foolish exercise.  It is the pith, the very heart of true spirituality.  Know mind exactly as it is, beyond all word and thought, beyond the subtlest notion.  When you have direct experience of this, actual being reveals itself.  When naked mind is your dwelling ground, wisdom arises.  

Entropy force chatted Goat.
-Wisdom.  Is that the same as goodness?
-No, but they are certainly not strangers.
-I seek to do good.
-I hope that you succeed.  But now I must confess.  I’m afraid.
-I know.  I’m scared for you.  You’re kind of one of my men.  Scratch that.  You’re like a civilian the squad needs to protect and we like.  Maybe a little bit of retired officer whose insight I respect, but whose advice I can’t always follow because the rules are different.  Take your pick.
-Your destruction of our society theory doesn’t hold with your activity.  Something’s off.  What are you really doing?  Why?
-I find few reasons for my acts, friend.  Why, yourself?  
-Friend?  Is that what we are?  I’ve never met you in the Skin, as your awful idiom goes.  Anyway, to answer: I wanted to get high on failure, just to see if that was possible.  How long were you a-
-10 years.
-How did you know what I was going to ask?  You were watching me type, weren’t you?
-Sorry, something happened.  Gotta go.
-I want to watch.
The chat program closed and Entropy sent an e-mail.
-No, this is Fierce Intelligence.  You have no place here.  Stay away.

F.I., Fierce Intelligence – it was Entropy’s new favorite military phrase.  It meant a lot of people would die bad and/or fast, but he didn’t care about the deaths per se, just about the juice, the aftermath.  And the idea itself.  Fierce Intelligence.  It was, ironically, the thought already in his mind when he saw Scar declare open season.  
He turned the botnet over to a large-scale data harvest.  He detected sixty seven lawyers, including a few who worked in PR, following Scar.  Entropy put Squarehead on it.  It took him three hours to down sixty two of them through special teams activation.  Over the next twelve hours, he got four more.  After twenty-four, Entropy ordered him to let the last get away.

Badger 

Scar woke up and they was passed out in his hotel room.  He took himself a shower and they was all up when he came out drying his ass crack with the towel.
“Scar, sixty six people have died since your press conference yesterday.  How do you respond to allegations that you had people killed?”
“Freedom of speech.  I ain’t never killed nobody.  You people are always around with cameras on me.  If I kill somebody, and I ain’t saying I won’t ‘cause I might, you’ll get it on camera.  Let’s go get ourselves some a’ whatever meal it is.  Who’s buying?”

Scar walked out of the foofy restaurant.  “Did a fin recommend this place?  ‘Cause it sucked so bad I ain’t got no skin left on my balls.”
A hooker asked him his name and he told her, then she asked if he wanted a ride and he said he did, but he couldn’t and could she just talk dirty to him and he’d pay her whatever was in his pocket and she’d have to take it whether it was ten cents or a million pesos and she told him all the fun shit she’d do and he wanted to and he stopped her ‘fore he jizzed his britches.  Weren’t no hooker gonna rob Scar’s power.  He walked away.
“Where’s the money?”
He turned.  
“You said you’d give me everything you got.”
He had a couple of bills and pennies and shit and he gave it to her.  He couldn’t remember telling her nothing, but a deals a deal and a hooker’s just a honest businesswoman.
He walked on towards a alley where he could take a piss.
“Mister Jones, you’re under-”
Scar kept walking.
“Mister Jones.”
When were these idiots gonna learn it was Scar?  The dude tackled him.
“You’re under arrest.”  It was a badger.  Why didn’t he ever notice these niggers?  He grabbed the demon freak’s badge and tore it off.
“Where’s a goddamn fin when you need ‘em?  Don’t you keep these funhouse fucks away from me all the time?  William Johnson, badge number 80734581.  Somebody take that down and ruin this dude’s life.  He needs to lose his job for disturbing the peaceful citizenry.”
“You’re under arrest for soliciting.”
“Soliciting?  You mean selling stuff?  I ain’t never sold nothing in my whole life.  Now get away, you’re bugging me.”  He jabbed the badge pin at the devil dude’s chest.  “Take your dumb thing back.”  The badger came at him as he did with his little club and it hit Scar on the head.  Scar pushed that pin hard into him only it hit his neck and he screamed and Scar pulled down so it’d hurt.  If them badgers was a’ gonna take down ole’ Scar they was gonna have a fight.  The club hit again.
He was laying on the sidewalk looking at a dead badger.  Blood was leaking all out of his neck and all over the place and Scar didn’t feel so good hisself.

He remembered it a week later at the funeral.  He hid in back because he wanted to be quiet for some reason and told them fins to keep their distance.  Then that screaming woman got in his face in the drizzly rain.  He had a hat on to keep the rain off and he wore a grey coat to go incognito, but it didn’t do no good.  Everybody knew Scar; he was a celebrity.  She seen him and stood and pointed at him.  She was in the front row and all them people behind her turned around and looked.  She was louder ‘n hell for somebody who wanted a autograph, but then she didn’t want that after all.
“He’s the one that killed him.  What’s he doing here?”
And all them chickens pulled away from him, scareder than hell of ole’ Scar.  He stepped forward and they backed away a little more.  He laughed at ‘em.  
“What are you all scared of, man?  I ain’t gonna hurt you.  I’m sorry, ma’am.  He was probably just bugging me about something and I wanted him to go away.  I swear to fuck I wasn’t oughta killing your husband or son or whatever he was to you.  I ain’t like that.”
Scar felt awful about her saying he killed that man and wished he could remember what really happened.  He was gonna go up to her and fall down on his knees and beg her forgiveness.  He just despised himself for however she hated him.  He walked into the chairs before he saw ‘em, then stopped and pushed ‘em aside.  Them other chicken people screamed and backed away, but that woman just stood there, shaking with fury.
“Hate ain’t the way, ma’am.  You done got the wrong message from life.”
But she was madder ‘n hell and he felt like a bug in the dirt.  He slapped her, not too hard, and he felt worse about that.
“Quit screaming!”  Then he was on his knees, but not ‘cause he did it, ‘cause he’d done forgot that, but it was some dudes had brought him down one on each side.  Goddamn sneaky badgers again.  Them fuckers was everywhere.
“Raise up off a nigger!  It’s gonna start hurting bad as a mother fucker.  Ole’ Scar’s about to pull out a sack of ass whip candy and you boys is gonna have to eat it all.”
They busted his nose on the ground and it started bleeding.  They held his arms and legs twisted all up on his back and his chest in the dirt.  He looked up and saw a coffin and wondered who’d died.  A woman stood there crying and Scar knew that every one of her tears was a lie.  Scar didn’t feel bad no more and he forgot why he had in the first place.
“Can I kick him in the face?”
She was a witch and she’d tricked his mind.  She had red hair like one of them movie actresses from them black and white pictures, but where you could still tell their hair was red, and she was an actress, too.
“Greta Bardo,” he said, “make these bastards set me free.”
She kicked him in the eye patch and he shit his pants.
“I’m gonna fuck your life up,” he screamed at her.  It didn’t hurt at all, but now he had to clean it up.  He didn’t like walking around with shit in his drawers.  But he’d sure to crap rough her up before he took care a’ that little chore.  He didn’t give a damn about the eye patch kick.  He just didn’t like liars and she was the best he’d ever seen.

Empty-N

Entropy was watching his special teams ‘arrest’ Scar for a third time when the botnet alerted him.  It had tracked down a Goat with his own domain name, Goat.mtn.  Entropy scanned the website.  Some sort of amateur political theorist with a BS in computers.  Mtn meant motive nothing, but the online handle was commonly Empty-N.  He claimed to have no reason for his actions.  ‘Nihilism is its own reward’ was his blogline.  He liked to abbreviate it as NOR.  Abbreviations for ineffective fabricated phrases were strewn about his site like used beer cans at a frat party.  
He wrote a treatise called reaching Bill Gates, a fictional piece where he challenged Gates to laser tag mono-a-mono and Gates accepted and lost while cheating.  After the Village Voice story mentioning the piece, it got enough of a buzz to garner a response from team Gates, whose press agent said, “Perhaps Mister N should compete with Mister Gates in a competition to revolutionize the computer industry.  He can begin when he likes.”  He treated the response as a personal triumph.  The page it was posted on was designed to resemble an altar with the words blinking and spinning on top of it.
He also wrote a manifesto on a concept he invented and named Catastrophe Engineering.  Catastrophe Opportunism bears no relation to Catastrophe Engineering.  War profiteers are Catastrophe Engineers.  Everybody else is a Catastrophe Opportunist.  
What a jerk.  It was a good match for Activist.  Entropy set them up for an appearance on the Larry King show with special instructions.
He ordered a pizza and tuned in.  A big show, though King had no idea.  He thought he was interviewing two people in the Air Midnight scandal.  King did his intro ‘guests tonight’ spiel and the camera went onto Activist and empty-N.  Activist was female.  Entropy guessed so, but he had restricted the botnet from passing him gender data on her.  She was vaguely pretty in a mousey sort of way.  Ample cleavage, straight brown hair, brown eyes.
“So, tell me about your part in Air Midnight.”
“Actually, Larry, we had nothing to do with it.  We chose your show to announce the real Goat.  His name is…” the botnet bleeped the real name, “and he’s sitting with us now.  His goat name is empty-N.”
King looked surprised.  “Well, that changes my interview.  I guess you folks have me thinking on my feet.”
“That’s one of the reasons we picked you, Larry.  You’re a professional.”
“Well, then.  Who are you?”
“I’m Sheila Gwynne.”  The botnet didn’t bleep it.  It wasn’t her real name.  “I’m nobody, really, except that I tracked down and exposed the real Goat.”
King looked at Empty-N.  “Well, then, let’s start there.  What was your goat name again?”
“Empty-N.  It stands for Motive Nothing.  I’m a positive nihilist.”
“So, you had no motive for the goat stunt?”
“None at all.  That’s the beauty of it.  Everybody asked why, but there was no why.  I just made it up and did it.”
“And now you have some major corporations weighing in.  Tell us about that.”
“That was a bonus, but when you don’t have a reason, everything’s a bonus.  That’s why it’s positive nihilism.  Anyway, let’s take the software megalith.  Microsoft makes billions of dollars each year by continually worsening their products and forcing them on consumers.  Anybody who’s a real techie hates them.  We call it bloatware, because their products just sprawl all over the place.  I mean, what is all that bell and whistle besides a pitiful means to sell new product and a place for viruses to infiltrate?”
Empty-N went on and on, ranting about Google’s censorship in China and Amazon’s one-click legal monopoly.  Eventually Activist couldn’t hold her mouth shut and said some things about corporate malfeasance in the third world.  Nobody would give a crap what they said anyway, only that they tricked the Larry King show and now people had a real Goat.
“So, you’re the actual Goat?”
“Absolutely.”
“And you, Sheila Gwynne, have revealed him.  So, you’ll pay her the million?”
“Every penny.  She deserves it, she won.”
Activist made a show of sorrow for the grievous loss of goat.activist, Jared Wilcox and  spoke of how she was starting a hydrogen fuel cell initiative.  Empty-N tried not to look irritated by the change in direction away from him.  

The day after, she was picked out of a crowd of hundreds by a bullet from half a mile away.  Entropy was surprised.  He hadn’t thought Activist’s enemies would look further after their sacrificial snake.  They killed Wilcox from a distance and hadn’t questioned him.  The real Activist was killed by somebody else.  It made news the next day, in a USA Today editorial.
Empty-N is not the real goat.  She was the one named Activist.  I am Goat Killer and I seek the creator.


morgue 


After Squarehead faked his death as the cop Scar stabbed with his own badge, they took his body to the morgue.  
His psychic training, combined with pharmaceuticals developed secretly by one of Entropy’s corporations and his weird, flat personality, produced a skill.  He could enter a timed death coma.  Three heartbeats per minute, and one breath per ten.  Some of the best, from India usually, could go much slower.  But his ability sufficed and his moral position made the task rewarding.
His wristwatch buzzed, snapped him out of the coma.  He was in the morgue refrigerator, in a body bag.  He worked the zipper open.  Twenty two other bags he counted, then found the controls and lowered the temperature setting until the compressor stopped.  He listened.  A chair squeaked, then again quickly.  Someone sitting down.  No conversation, but the door was too thick to hear much.  He waited, fifteen minutes, until the chair squeaked again.  Footsteps, a door closing: bathroom break.  He grabbed the body bag, and slipped out, taking the attendant’s unopened potato chips and M&Ms.
Squarehead wanted to kill the guy, but Entropy gave an NDFN order.  No death for now.  Entropy preferred the lost body story to whatever they would conclude if the coroner was murdered and a body disappeared.  Entropy was right, he always was, but Squarehead hated non-lethal phases of the mission.  Not enough juice, less chance to examine the human psyche in its most marvelous state: facing mortality.  Of course one could threaten people and make them quake for their lives, but fear of death and actually dying were different, almost unrelated.  Squarehead had seen many men die, women, too, and a common factor was that fear often fell away after the bullet had begun its certain work.  Maybe it was just loss of blood, but Squarehead thought that when the realization came, people got peaceful, like they had done this before and now remembered.
Some died terrified, though, and it wasn’t fear of dying.  It was fear of the next thing, like they had lived awful and would live again and worse.  Like they saw their next place and it was horrible.  He could never get enough of watching people die.
Entropy didn’t care if lives ended, but he seemed to find it distasteful to associate himself too freely with murder.  With him, death was an often necessary by-product, but by no means the focus.  The captain had told him that military operations based on death marked one as amateur or madman.  Squarehead was no amateur.  

Eight hours after leaving the morgue, Squarehead was on a chartered flight to the third world.  The first leg was Africa.
The plan, at this point, was to sow chaos, then manipulate the loose openings as they occurred.  Squarehead wasn’t privy to all the details or even to the overall strategy, but he knew his commander’s M.O.  Entropy attacked at the root.  He waited and built up until the massive strike was ready, then it was all-out.  
Squarehead cased out business opportunities.  He set up billions of dollars in deals with many different parties, then ‘hooked’ the deal.  The papers were signed, five percent money in escrow, everything in place, waiting.  He did the deals, met the lawyers and faxed the papers to the Captain.  Entropy set it up electronically so that the contracts would cascade with immense public visibility.  When he threw the switch, everyone in the financial arena would see it.  Then they would do whatever they did, probably panic.
Entropy sent him a text: Phase 1 set, holding.




yellow widow

Scar looked at a billboard, which was weird.  He never looked at those damn things, but one of them stupid spinners that was following him pointed and he looked.  EntroPi in big white letters on a black back.  He remembered that woman by that coffin.
He grabbed a dude and asked what it meant, but the dude didn’t know so he asked another dude and he did.
“What a piece of juice that one would be.”  He meant that woman what that billboard made him think of.  Them letters just stood up in the sky and talked to ole’ Scar.  Pi.  She was the woman for him.
Everybody was staring at him and he forgot what he was doing. 
Two queers walked by and he talked to them.  
“You dudes are gay, ain’t ya?”
They smiled at him, and the dude with the more muscles who probably rode the bull at night said, “Is there a problem?”
“Naw, homos just weird me around when they’re kissing.  But that’s just the way everybody feels about it, don’t it?”  He was right, too, everybody did.   “We all got the right to live our own way.”  They moved off and he didn’t feel like bugging ‘em so he walked the other direction.
He looked at a big sign and it said Pi.  Who was this broad and why was she after him?  Ole’ Scar wasn’t supposed to get no pink right now, so she might oughtta back her ass away.
And there she was, Asia brown in her pin stripe no-tits.  “Who are you?”
“Pi, we’ve met before.”
“Yeah, I hear that all the time.  What do you want with me?”
“I’m the wife of the man you killed.”
Scar breathed in.  That dude.  “What was his job?”
“Police officer.”
“You ain’t his wife, you’re the liar.”
“Legally, we were married.”
“Fuck you with your bad truth.”  People shouldn’t play those games, making truth tell lies.  It was crap and it pissed him off.
“You’re not as crazy as people think you are.”
“I’ll flip out a’ here at my own pace, thanks.  Are you a widow?”
“Yes, Mister Jones, I am.”
Damn, she called him mister.  She must like him.  He liked her an awful lot.  He wanted to twist into her from behind on the hood of that nice car with all them cameras a’ rolling, then watch it later and handle the wood solo.
“Damn, you’re finer than a pack of mother fuckers.  I can tell you want me, too.”  Scar took a step towards her.  He was gonna smooch on her.  She put a couple a’ fingers between their lips.
“No, Mister Jones.  My kiss comes with a price.”
“Holy shit, you’re a chink.  I always wanted a chink cookie.”
“Yes, I’m sure you have, it’s a common enough Western fantasy and why not? There’s bound to be something worthwhile in all that flesh.  Most of us are totally submissive, too.  But when we’re not, we can be very dangerous.”
“Wow, I ain’t never seen no yellow woman what dyed her hair red.  And you got grey eyes!  How about that.  You ain’t really yellow, though.”  He examined her face.  “More like…that red hair in the sunlight’s making it look weird.”
She cleared her throat.  “Let’s sit under that tree.  I’d like to speak to you.”
“Can I touch your hair?”
“You can play with the ends.  Make those lawyers stay here.”
“That’d be cool, that’d be great.”  Scar bobbed his head and told the fins and spinners to keep the fuck away or he’d crap ‘em up himself.  They sat under an acorn tree, and he sat with his back against it.  She sat in front of him, legs crossed like a damn Swami.
“What are you doing?”
“Nothing.  We’re just talking.”
“I thought I was gonna have to hit somebody.”
“Why?”
He didn’t know so he made something up.  “I thought they was gonna hurt you.”
She believed him.  That was weird.
“All right, you freaked me, but I’m cool now.  Hey, I can’t play with your hair like this.”
“Maybe later.”  Well, he could look at her and think about springboarding her at least.
“What’s your name?”
“Pi, like apple pie without an E.”
It spelled itself in his head – Pi and he never saw words in his head, so that was wrong and bad, but he still wanted to stick it to her so he didn’t say nothing.  
“Pi,” he yelled, pointing his finger at her, “I’ll remember that.”  And he would, goddammit.  “Why don’t you teach me how to love?”
“Anytime.  I already am.  But there’s a problem.  You aren’t living up to our agreement.”
“What agreement’s that?”
“You said you’d take something apart for me.”
“Oh, yeah.”  He didn’t remember, but he needed to play it cool so she didn’t figure too much on his secrets.  “I’m doing my best.  That kind of work requires a dog’s ass of setup.  Careful planning and whatnot.  It ain’t so simple as you might think.”
“I want to speed things up, maybe help you a little.  Why don’t we try something different?”
“Perfect.”  Scar liked doing different shit.  He was glad they’d figured that out.  “Let’s go to the lake.”
“What?  That’s not what I meant.”
“I just want to go to the lake, yellow-bread.  We can do your different thing later.  It’s agreed, there ain’t no more to yap about.”
“Don’t you want to know what it is?”
Scar licked his lips, then swallowed.  “Not particularly.”
She looked confused, like he wasn’t supposed to be doing whatever he was doing.
“What’s the matter?  I said okay.”
“We need to figure out what it is-”
“NO.  No, we don’t.  You just take it and run.  I think I been pretty clear on this matter all along, just like I always am.  I like to get things down and pinned to the barrel when it regards my business.  And it’s just like it always is: I don’t want to know no messy little piddly crap.  Ole’ Scar’s a visionary; he ain’t a detail man.  I get a little bit bewildered when a nigger starts pulling out the plans and charts.  It ain’t fun no more.”
She sighed like she didn’t know what to do with him.  
“Fine.  Just get some nice clothes.  We’re going to court.”


Squarehead 
Squarehead had been one of Entropy’s lieutenants from the Delta Force squad.  When contacted years after the team was retired to be Entropy’s field agent, Squarehead agreed readily.  Not because of the money, which was phenomenal, but just to get back into the action.  Entropy designed extensive NLP techniques and pharmaceuticals to wipe the man’s real name from the Skin memory and required Squarehead to do likewise for him.  They both did the same with their own real names, then used similar techniques to blur each other’s facial recognition. Living below the sensors, they each became a code word, a byline.  It was horrible, in a sense, the loneliness, but they had been too far along that path to turn back when their Delta Force careers ended.  They had to keep going.  
Squarehead had a tough story.  Delta Force recruited him from the Rangers because of ‘controlled sociopathic tendencies,’ then let him go for the same reason years later.  Controlled was a bit of an exaggeration, but those character traits were invaluable in combat.  A normal person, meaning someone with emotion, would almost always hesitate before firing or fire wildly.  Less than one man in eight actually aimed and fired at enemy combatants during a firefight.  There were those who managed to overcome the human compunction and kill repeatedly.  It changed them.  
But with Squarehead, there was nothing to overcome.  His father had done that job for them.  Squarehead had been sexually abused and physically tortured by the man. 
If they saw, Squarehead told people the fingerprint sized scars on his back were from radiation therapy for childhood leukemia.  They were actually cigarette burns.  They covered his body and especially his back.  It happened during the molestation, which explained the number on his back.  At thirteen, Squarehead murdered his father and left home forever.  The death was grisly.  He burned him to death in a pile of lit cigarettes after ramming a giant dildo in his ass.  Too bad, Squarehead might have been a decent human being, but his childhood screwed him up beyond repair.  
He was cold and his lies seemed so real.  He could invent a mask out of the air, go into any terrain and be one of the enemy.  It made him the perfect mole.  He was the best corporate infiltrator in the world.  Squarehead had a foothold in four of the five major corporations that were of greatest interest in the Scar following.  He had made the career of the now VP of overall marketing for Ikea by turning the Scar chaos into gold.  Suddenly elevated to a new level of visibility, the VP was a green private thrust into a heated engagement.  He needed Square’s help and looked to him for advice on every move.
Square had a back office in Google, where he had no real job, but controlled several employees by pretending to be an executive on new secret Mystoogle projects.  He made up the phrase and told people not to talk about their part in the operations.  One of his rules was that he must penetrate each target in an operation through different means.  It was more than whimsy or professional pride.  It was also, in Entropy’s phrasing, a matter of leveraging the pieces to a concerted whole.  Squarehead was an adept.
For IBM, he became a media quasher, someone who was ready to turn the intense spotlight surrounding Scar into something less volatile that they might work with.  For Microsoft, he offered a doorway to new technology, the possibility of expanding their markets.  Entropy helped with that, of course.  With Amazon he waited because he needed to crack them in the right way.
He had a consultancy position in every corporation, in some manner.  Based on widely divergent logics, they all followed Square’s advisory policy of funding Scar to the maximum possible extent.  For IBM, it was an attempt to wrest control.  For Google, it was a way to be cool.  Amazon wanted the story and entertainment rights.  Microsoft went along because they wanted to be in the game and Ikea saw Scar as a spokesperson.
He went to Japan to meet with some of Entropy’s ‘business partners’ there.  The eight men were filthy with lucre, technology titans.  They were ambitious and willing to take risks, which is exactly what the captain wanted.  They had multiple billions and they wanted to enter the world power arena.  Squarehead engineered a deal for them to lose big – 250 million in time decay reclamation stock options.  They made no sense, which is why they were so attractive to investors.  
The best was a put option on a Japanese mutual fund that specialized in American tech stocks, notably Google, MS and Amazon.  The window of opportunity was only two weeks and the price for cash-in value was double.  A mutual fund doubling in two weeks had never happened.  And it didn’t this time.  The options expired and the business men ‘lost’ their initial investment of 250 million.  They did it again, burning another 250 million.  It was done quite publicly, so everyone knew about the deals, especially investors in GIIMA.  The pump was primed.
The consortium created and bought new options over a period of several weeks.  These were sell options for Google and Amazon stock.  To mature detrimentally, Google would have to drop to $250 share price and Amazon to $31, half the current values.  It was absurd.  
Squarehead talked to the right people at Amazon, already invested in the first round, who thought they could ride the wave without threatening the company.  If the options expired unused, as of course they would, they made several hundred million between four men.  If they matured, the men were ruined.  They committed a large chunk of the company, too.
He put out the word at Google, and spread the risk over all those paper millionaires.  It was treated as a joke, but a fun one and most people bought in to some extent, some up to twenty or thirty thousand dollars in options sold.  The first two rounds made many people a heady amount of profit.  Finally, a stock committee went along, incrementally committing the company to 1.5 billion in option sales, when the first 500 million expired unmatured.  Because the companies actually issued and sold the options, it seemed risk-free. The third round of options was set to expire at 9am and had to be exercised at the NYSE, even though Google and Amazon were both NASDAQ.  It was a sucker bet.  Plenty of people took it, selling the options short, knowing they would never have to buy the stock.  The ticket was five billion invested by the Japanese.
On the flight home, Entropy sent him a text: Phase 2 set, holding.


On Scar

http://goat:zero
For all his faults, Scar is an honest man.  Entropy is not.  Entropy is many layers of deception.  Scar is a cloud of madness with a heart that yet beats.  The dark internet messiah might say that Scar offers us no teaching.  
But who is so pure that they will never die?  Even Christ, that supposed emanation of the kingdom of heaven on earth, lost his life, and it was taken grim.  My own inspiration, the Buddha, died in peace, everything revealed from beginning to end.  When the victor let go his form, his faithful attendant asked him to teach whatever he had not yet revealed.  “My hand has always been open, Ananda.  I have held nothing back.  You must work out your own salvation with great diligence.  I can only show the way.”
But back to the man of today.  Scar has never told a lie, or so I believe.  And I mean, here, I lie of intent.  Certainly, he cooks whoppers, making up causality of events for which his absent memory gives no help.  In weighty matters, issues of the soul, he only speaks truth.  If he claims he was part of Goat, then he was at the time.  He has simply forgotten or no longer cares.
Having watched Scar for some time now, I feel and fear that he is right.  Only Scar tells the truth, none else has the power.  With an audience of one, I have clothed my nakedness and quake to bare my soul, though I think this is what Entropy asks.  
But what and who are you, darkness?  I dread our next encounter and long for it at once.  Do you teach lessons or learn from me, or do we dance together at an awkward remove?  I confine myself to watch and wait, terrified at the final play.  I sought to awaken man to higher potential, but only spun the day to a frenzy greater than I could imagine.  My motive was good, I feel, but does good motive lead to good result?
Age brings a hard insight: each answer is no answer at all, but merely a field of further questions.
Perhaps Scar Jones is the real goat zero.  Only he could create this impossible scene out of such a hoax.  I lack the instinct which is all that Scar possesses.  Ruthless, Scar faces down pretense.  It is a thing he cannot tolerate.  He seeks and finds it with inhuman instinct, or perhaps with the penetrating sight of the mad.  He reveals, it seems to me, the deceit in us all and altogether in this modern age.  The illusion of television and computers rules us and the love of our children vanishes like a dream.  For my part, these wolves that trail upon him should ask Scar questions of a spiritual nature.  His philosophy should be sought.  He is easy to condemn for his vulgarity and violence, but easy to forgive for his perspicacity.  When he slapped a woman who offered herself to him in the service of her career, he favored her.  It was an act of dark mercy; he begged her to awaken.  How did he know she made the offer for that reason?  Yet we know, why shouldn’t he?  We almost think she earned it; I for one, long that it did her good.  Sometimes a slap is the answer; sometimes being struck is our only approach to veritas.
She did not deserve it principally for the sacrifice of her soul, but for her subterfuge on a being innocent to falsehood.  Scar is a madman who sees a deeper nature.  What else can explain his bizarre approach?  He is this age commenting upon itself, an awful man loved by the universe.  He is a beautiful brute in a death arena, thriving on glory, yet caring nothing for it.
The amazing magic of Scar is that he is beyond mistake.  He does nothing right, therefore, he commits no wrong.  We see Scar Jones in all his beautiful derangement, a voice of the epoch whose vulgar idiom strikes at the heart of mendacity.  I perceive a hidden truth; he has no pride.  His other emotions, though overwhelming from the outside, I think are little more than phantoms to him.  A steady constant play, most infuriating in its richness, he moves from state to state with a casual ease.  He is not the slave of perceptions.  But neither is he the master.  He greets each moment with a fresh spirit.
His vulgarity, is it intended to shock, or betray, or to set him apart?  How does one answer for his crude, back-alley demeanor?  It needs no answer.  It requires no cause.  We can let it be as it is.  Does it subtract or add to his message, if such a message exists?  To my mind, it is the message, that the bald and overstated finds our personal social limit so readily.  We worship Scar behind glass; in person, he would be unbearable.  Scar’s instinct finds the point where the person before him needs to and can increase, but painful such augment.  He nails the weak opening.  Those who relate to Scar well, and by this I mean undefended, curious, even intrigued, are strengthened by the encounter.  Something happens.  They germinate; they blossom.  They arrive.
Perhaps the abrasion of his text acts as sandpaper, smoothing the roughness of the character, grinding away the grotesque polish of those in his wake.  We have seen his moments of naked regret.  Scar, feeling badly, is a noble soul.  We cannot doubt such moments; he never lies.  And that is our principle gauge of respect for him: not that he tells no lies, but that he never feels the urge.  
His scenes of remorse I watch repeatedly: the false funeral, the child in the pool, the theater worker bursting out crying.  Utterly human moments, they move me to tears, and not because of contrast with his seeming other self, not because of innocence hidden within the beast.  I am moved because that flavor is always there.  He’s trying to help, strange as it seems.  Each act is kindness, because of the brutal honesty conveyed.  No one else offers so much frankness.  Genuineness is his message and how could we clean Scar’s speech and leave that in place?  Our guts reveal we could not.
Scar shows what we all fear to recognize: social politeness is dishonest.  We hide behind it our actual sentiment.  If we lack compassion for Scar, we lack insight about the worst within us, and thus have left behind the best.


defense 

Scar walked into the court of law.  He was gonna defend hisself.  Couldn’t trust nobody else anyway.  He must of said it enough, ‘cause wasn’t nobody else acting like his fin and he knew they’d be glad to do it.  But fuck ‘em.
He was gonna kick some ass, too.  He wore a Hawaiian shirt, white linen pants and a super stylish straw hat he had ‘em buy special for the day.  Somebody reminded him about the clothes when they told him he had to go to court.  He wanted to know why and they told him a bunch of reasons, finspeak mostly, but the words public endangerment and reckless conduct and the like kept coming up.  
Well, he was who he was, why pretend? 
Then they said something about aggravated assault and manslaughter and he didn’t think that sounded like him so much.  Probably a case of mistook identity.
Pi grabbed his arm on the way in and he remembered her.  He was getting to like her an awful lot.  “Take this.”  She put a pill on his tongue.  He swallowed it off no liquid, hardly slowed walking.  Some spinner in the doorway asked him for a comment about killing some jerk badger and Scar yelled that he hadn’t killed nobody.
Scar started causing a ruckus, like usual, only he didn’t want to.  Scar respected the courts of law.  They were a good thing and if a man was going to get justice in this country, this was the place.  It failed, sure, as often as not, any system did, but then, outta nowhere, it succeeded for the solitary man.  Somebody was trying somewhere.  Nothing better.
The judge was a female.  That was good, Scar could charm her up and help get himself an unbiased verdict.  A lot of people said a homeless nigger couldn’t get no decent justice, but he was about to prove ‘em all wrong. 
“Scar Jones, please rise.”  
He stood up.  “Are you that woman judge what’s on TV?”
“No.”
“Your justice-”
“Please be quiet, Mister Jones.”
“It’s Scar, your justice.”
“The term is ‘your honor.”
“I’m sure that’s the truth, but I ain’t gonna remember it, so if I can, I’d prefer to call you your justice, your justice.”
“Fine, but you need to confine yourself, Mister Jones.  We’re aware, too keenly, of your reputation-”
He couldn’t hold it in.  “I’m so sorry, ma’am, but it’s, I’m just asking as sort of a favor to me.”  She was banging that little wooden hammer and getting all heavy on him.  “Please, your justice, I can’t do no better.  It’s just who I am.  You seen me on TV, I bet.”
He hung his head, trying to be respectful.  
“Say your piece, Mister Jones.”
He nodded.  “I ain’t got too many memories, but one of the few is when I was in school, every time they was about to whip my ass, that’s what they called me, Mister Jones.  I got a problem with authority, but I figure I’ve had my ass handed to me red and raw for no good reason too many times to get comfortable with it.  And if you can see your way clear to call me plain ole’ Scar, It’d mollify me an awful heap.  I ain’t gonna remember this in ten seconds, so it’s like I’m tricking myself, but for the best reason.  I want to be respectful; I think the judicial organism is a powerful good thing.  Will you help me?”
She rolled her eyes and laughed like he was good crazy and Scar knew he could talk to her.
“I’m trying something fierce.  Can you just call me Scar?  It’s all I ask.”
“I can’t-”
“You laughed,” he said.  “Now come on, tell me…what were you laughing about?”
She patted her hair and sighed real deep, then pinched her nose at the top.  “What if I call you Mister Scar?”
“I figure that oughtta fly.”
She told him fine and to be quiet while the bailiff read the charges and he stood there and listened and it went on for a good, long time, but most of it just sounded like he’d been having himself some fun and nobody’d really got hurt, so he started to doubt the efficacity of the legislation, but he knew that wasn’t her fault.  Judges didn’t make laws, they just enforced ‘em.  The dude charged him with something called ‘gross public endagerment,’ and he protested ‘cause he didn’t want to hurt nobody, but that judge rode him down to the dirt with her eyes.  She was tough and didn’t have to say nothing and he shut up even though they was telling lies all about him.  They accused him of stabbing an alleged policeman and Scar had to interrupt and ask what that even meant and the rest of them people must of thought so too, ‘cause the judge said something and they started buzzing and talking like crazy.
“You heard that right,” the judge said.  “Some…situation occurred at the morgue and it was covered up.  The body disappeared.”  Boy, that set ‘em all to yammering behind him, at least until she banged that wooden hammer again and they got quiet, but then she really set ‘em on fire.  “It further appears that the man in question wasn’t who he appeared.  Officer Blake Johnson of the Washington, D.C. police department never existed.  The situation was concealed.”
Some of ‘em left, whipping out their little phones and poking buttons like they was important. He turned and let ‘em know that he’d told ‘em he hadn’t killed nobody and the judge got up on him banging her wooden hammer again, but he didn’t turn back right away, he kept eye contact on ‘em.  He said he was sorry for outbursting and how he didn’t like sitting with them a-holes behind him.
“You’re actually somewhat of a wise man.  But back to the point: somebody’s quite good at this game.  If there had been a defending attorney, the manslaughter and related charges probably would have been dropped twenty minutes ago when I met in chambers with legal counsel.  As Mister Jo-, Mister Scar is self-representing and declined to attend, only the prosecuting attorney was there.  Consequently, the charges remained in effect.  The prosecutor wants to keep them so.  Somebody, he claims, died that day from Mister Scar’s actions.  Now, Mister Scar, I suggest you seek competent counsel.”
“You mean hire myself a fin?  No, ma’am, fuck them bloodsuckers.  Any one of ‘em would eat their own grandma for a snack.”
“I can understand that.  I am one and sometimes I don’t like myself.”  
Scar laughed and so did the courtroom.
“You can sit down now, Mister Scar.”
“Any way you can make it just plain ole’ Scar?”
“No.  You have a certain charm about you Mister Scar.  Please don’t abuse that here.”
He sat down.
“Prosecution, call the witness.”
Two or three dudes said what he yanked a badge off some pretend cop and jabbed it into his neck ‘with malicious intent,’ but Scar didn’t think he had and not like they said ‘cause it didn’t sound like him.  He had to yell out how it was a lie and get told to sit down a few times.  Then somebody grabbed his arm.
“Pi,” he yelled.  The judge fussed on him and Pi walked past, around the front of the table and stood beside him.
“Sit down, I’ll take care of it.”
“What if they spot you?” Scar asked.  “Ain’t you keeping your face a secret?”
“I have an acquaintance controlling the cameras.  My face is blurred.”
“You’re a witch.”
She looked up and shrugged and  pushed her lip out a second, then went normal.  “Pretty much.”
He liked witches.  
The judge was looking at him, interested, but she didn’t stop that lying fool up in the box from yapping his lies about Scar.  Pi nodded at her and she rolled her hands out like it was cool and Scar asked her what she thought she was doing.  She told him to keep his voice down ‘cause it was a courtroom and the testimony and all and they better write notes, but Scar told her he didn’t like doing that for a number of reasons.  
Then the judge called her counsel and told her what she oughta keep him restrained.  It had to be done, so Scar said she wasn’t his counsel ‘cause he didn’t want none and he’d heard where a man better keep his own counsel and he was going to, so the judge said she might better just sit there and be his friend and Scar liked that just fine.  Apparently, Pi didn’t think so, ‘cause she asked for a fifteen minute recess as she’d come across some special information and was new to the situation and needed to converse with her friend.  She meant him.
Scar’s watch beeped and somebody handed Pi a note.
“Shit.”  He yelled the stupid line from the watch, it sure was bugging him.  ‘The sweet terrain of madness is our friend.  Dreamlike, we perform, no obstacle to invent.’”
The judge asked if he plead insanity and he told her no, he was just reading his watch ‘cause it was gonna keep buzzing him till he did and why would he plead insanity when he wasn’t even crazy?  After she put her glasses on the table, Pi told the judge she needed to take the stand, but the judge said that weren’t the way it worked, that counsel couldn’t do that and Scar jumped in and said she wasn’t his fin, she was his friend.  Pi pulled some electro gizmo out of her pocket and read it and said she was the only one what could bear witness to something or other and they bapped it back and forth with Scar loving the cat fight, but then the judge finally said it was ‘irregular’ and let her get on with it, but she couldn’t be counsel no more.
She called him Mister Jones, but he was busy and she asked if he was reading his watch again and he told her he was and said it would help him get through ‘cause it was telling him some good stuff to say.  He told her there was some kind of precedent for what they were doing and he ‘could relinquish the advisement and she could determine its neutrality that there wasn’t no conflict of interest regarding the defendant before reinstating counsel.’  
Scar cleared up that Pi was just being his friend and told the judge that he wasn’t gonna take nobody else sitting at that little table with him.  She said that’d be fine and Pi took the stand.  They sat there all stupid until the judge told him he was gonna have to examine her and he told her he didn’t have no doctor bag to examine her with and she said question and he told her it wasn’t nothing but a joke.  After thinking about it, he stood and pulled on his shirt like a fin on TV and went on over.  
He asked her where she’d hid her tits ‘cause they was so small and she told him that probably wasn’t the time for that.  Scar looked around and realized she was right.  They was in a court of law.  His watch buzzed and he read it and paraphrased.
“What do you think of all this shit?  Open season on anything.”
“First, I think this whole thing is ridiculous.  What do you think, your honor?”
“Careful, counsel.  You’re already on the edge.”
Pi said some more stuff about what a crock the whole thing was and how it was a licensed emission and that stuff wasn’t real ‘cause them people had signed up to be on Scar’s reality television show.  The watch buzzed and Scar yelled it out exact.
“All your empires are made of clay.  In love upon ourselves we may collapse into our own weight.  Our self-indulgence will shatter this narrow world.”
“Mister Scar-”
“Your honor,” Pi said.  “I’d like to submit that this device is an anchor for Mister Jones.  Without it, he can’t maintain the continuity required for this trial.”
“You think he’s crazy.  Is this some cock-eyed insanity plea?”
“No, your honor.  He has challenges, most notably memory and verbal dysphasia, but he’s not crazy.”
“Yeah, I got verbal dysphasia.  It’s awful.  Well, maybe not too bad.  But it sure does lead to an awful heap of miscommunication.  I ain’t crazy; I just can’t remember nothing.”
Both women looked at him like he shouldn’t be talking.  “Sorry, I can’t just be quiet while people are sitting there discussing about whether I’m a nutbag.”
Pi said that wasn’t the defense and she had special information and she produced it.  It told where the whole thing was a reality television program starring Scar and all them things he’d done was staged and all them people had signed waivers or if they hadn’t, they’d done dropped the charges and settled out of court and whatnot.  She said the case was a load of horseshit.
The judge said she’d take it under advisement, but they was gonna proceed anyway.


Leaning on justice 
Entropy rigged the trial to the maximum leverage; whatever he could manipulate, he did.  He didn’t care which way it went, that wasn’t the point at all.  He didn’t want Scar to go to jail, but that was unlikely in any event, at least for more than a few days.  They’d have him out on appeal in double time.
No, the idea was manipulation for its own sake, or maybe even to read what Goat wrote about it.  Also, he wanted the trial to drag out.  It was meant to be part of the show.  Strong-arming four members to pursue a solid guilty verdict, four for a not guilty, and four to hang it up, he started with the jury.
Entropy told Squarehead what he wanted with judge.  He dug up some dirt on her before the trial.  She had a gambling problem called the stock market.  Lose the house debt, not the break an arm kind.  He told Square to put on extra pressure, too, but Entropy didn’t want to know the particulars.
A week into the trial, Squarehead kidnapped the judge’s dog and threatened to kill it if she said anything.  Entropy gave him loads of ammo on her about her debts.  No matter how ridiculous it got, she was not to declare a mistrial.   She was not to eject Scar from the courtroom.  Contempt of court fines on him could become a source of federal deficit relief, but Scar stayed.  To prolong the trial, she declared testimony invalid almost every day and required the lawyers to redo the examination.  It became known as the daily double cross.
And, of course she was to allow TV cameras.  That was non-negotiable.
He maneuvered the prosecution via an oblique assault.  The prosecutor’s boss had a prescription drug problem.  She liked barbiturates and Squarehead mortified her.  He instructed her to botch the trial  He leaned on the prosecutor’s assistant in a similar way.  They were tasked with losing the trial.  The prosecutor himself was a new hire: Squarehead.  He grew a trim beard, wore colored contacts, glasses, platform shoes, cheek pads, a fake dimple, and dyed his hair.  The cameras blurred his face, too.
The camera men were intimidated so that they never showed Pi or Squarehead, but if they did, the botnet jiggered the images and voice.  Entropy programmed the cameras.  He hacked several thousand bots in each of them.
Mainly the cameras followed Scar.  The witnesses were leaned on by threat of their jobs or houses or affairs or any of the other thousand things people feared or felt ashamed about.  People were fools, caring about trivialities.  A different problem, the D.A. said the case was mostly unwinnable after Pi testified.  They gave beautifully conflicting testimonies.
He watched the trial; it was a great show.  The cameras zoomed in on the Asian woman he knew was Pi.  He didn’t mind a flash across with the blurred features, but not this close-up.  The botnet cut the feed, then hacked the software inside and burned it out.
They should know better.  
It was building, getting delightfully complicated.  After the trial, he decided he wouldn’t interfere for awhile.  Maybe a nudge here or there, but nothing major.  Things were going swimmingly.

hole

Squarehead got an e-mail from Entropy that told him to train Killer better.  He was right, Killer had the hunter’s instinct, but he thought he was invincible.  Squarehead gave him a solid lead on dead Goat number eight, then watched his kill.  It was textbook, but unimaginative.  He used a silencer on a Dragunov from four hundred meters.  With the sun behind him, he took concealment behind a foot bridge which he had taped off as unsafe, then put an eight millimeter long shell through the geek’s temple while he was playing chess in the park.  
Killer got in his truck and Squarehead followed on motorcycle.  He pulled into a Stop-n-Go and emerged with a six-pack of Miller Lite and some Slim Jims.  He unlocked the door and got in, then looked down the hole of Squarehead’s pistol.
“You’re a moron.”
“Got the job done, didn’t get caught.  Did you pay me?”
“Markmanship was impeccable, camouflage was mediocre, field craft was poor.  Weapons choice: idiotic.  Why did you choose a Russian weapon of which only two hundred at most exist in the US?  How hard will it be to trace?  Where did you buy the bullets?  Will they remember your face?  I know you can’t find the optimum load for it, because only the older projectile design exists outside Russia.”
“I use a different weapon, specifically chosen for each particular target.”
“Why this choice for this guy?”
“Dungeonmaster.goat was his name.  He played that damn stupid game.”
“And?”
“You’re dense for a big shot Delta force cowboy.  Dungeons and Dragons.  Dragunov.  You sent the profile.”
“Why?  That’s ridiculous.”
“It’s performance, like you said.  Just making for better theater, Square.”
“All right, then.  Your point of exit was widely exposed before you arrived in-vehicle.  Your vehicle is easily spotted.  An old pick-up?  Are you completely  stu-”
“Fuck you, man.  I’m a contractor, not an employee.  You tell me the job and I do it to my specs.”
“If you want to get caught.  You’re on death penalty status, no question.”
“Where’s my money?”
“You don’t get it.  I lied.”
“Then I’m sure not going to do no more.”
“Yes, you will.”
The face-off lasted for about forty-five seconds, then he broke.
“Why?”
“One, you’re addicted and you know it.  Two, I turn you in if you stop.”
“Yeah, I’ll take you with me.”
“Really?  Who am I?  What’s my name?”
Killer stared at him.
“I don’t exist.”
Killer looked under the seat.  “Where’d my gun go?”
“You’re too stupid to keep it.  It’s evidence, if I turn you in.  You didn’t even use gloves, you dumb fuck.  That gun was so traceable, too.”
“I stole it.”
“From a nearby town, and you showed it to people.  The ballistics are on record.  If they find the bullet, they could probably trace it to the owner.  The public is absolutely terrified of you.  They won’t hold back searching for it.  The FBI has fifty-seven agents tracking you.  Fifty-seven.  Quit being stupid.  I left you some presents at your new hide-out.  If you want to play this way, you’ll like them.”
“New hide-out?”
“I bought it for you.”  Squarehead handed him a piece of paper.  “Directions.”
Killer took it without looking.
“I’d like to see some close kills, for now.”
“Why should I if you don’t pay me like you said?”
Squarehead took out a packet of cash.  “Here’s ten grand.  Enough to keep you going.  Close kills earn a bigger bonus.  Vary your methods, too.  Also, make it clean.  No brutality or torture, just a quick death.  And, when you hit them close - are you listening?”
He nodded.
“Watch ‘em die.  You learn a lot from watching a man die.  Or a woman, and it’s different, too, man to woman.  Watch ‘em.  Look ‘em right in the eyes.  Understand?”
“No, not really.  Why?”
“There’s a lesson you need to learn that only comes from seeing the light go out.  It’ll make you better at this, by a long margin.  Do it.”
“All right.  What’s the presents?”
“Besides a real hole to hide in?  A five year old grey Chevy sedan and a Mac-Millan Tac-50.”
“That’s a beautiful gun.”
“The best.  Don’t use it yet for a kill.  Have you heard of Corporal Rob Furlong?”
“Hell, yes.  World record for documented long-distance kill.  A mile and a half.  My hero.”
“He trained himself to snipe ambidextrously.  He fired over sixty thousand rounds with that gun, training.  I gave you plenty of ammo and a place where nobody will hear you.  Now, practice.  You may beat that record.”
Killer nodded.
“And more.  You could do it, the whole thing.”  
He looked confused.  “What thing?”
Squarehead took a deep pause.  “You know, the men under me in Delta, they loved being Delta so much, they loved being soldiers.  They wanted it, wanted to be part of a team.  It’s too bad you don’t.  You know how good that feels?  To be part of something like that?  Better than you believe.  You’re changing the world, and maybe you hate these mother fuckers you’re working with, maybe you love ‘em.  A little bit of both, really.  You want it more than anything, and it’s all you want.  They did it, they were the best.  You do it because you know you’re the best.”
Squarehead stopped, pulled a long breath and let it out in a sigh.  He waited.
“And how does somebody do that?” 
Squarehead smiled.  
“How?  Intelligent Loyalty.”  He looked Killer in the eyes and paused.  “Intelligent Loyalty.  In other words, they let me help them become the best soldier they could be.  As Delta, you let me help you become the best soldier in the world.  They trusted that I was trying to do that.  You trust your leader, your C.O.  That’s Delta.  You don’t lose your mind in the literal sense of the orders.  You adjust on the spot, make decisions, changes in the action, that’s the intelligence.  They got the job done, that’s the loyalty.  They understood what loyalty was.  They understood what they were loyal to.”
Squarehead waited until he asked.
“All right.  What is it?”
“Good.  You might get there.  What is it?  You have to figure that out for yourself.  But, if you can name it, that’s not it.  It’s a burning in the guts, all consuming.  It becomes you, it is you, what you are.  There’s no difference between your mission and your identity.  Maybe it’s loyalty to commanding officer, maybe to yourself, maybe to being a soldier, to country or high ideals like freedom, maybe your team, your fellow soldiers, even if in your case you’ve never met them.  Maybe you’re loyal to a pure vision of what the world could be.  It doesn’t even matter.  As long as you have it, you can be Delta.”
“If I don’t?  I’m not sure I get the meaning.”
“I’ve seen soldiers lose it.  It’s pretty ugly.  If you lose it, you’ve already come too far and you’ll be in hell alone.  Once you light this fire, it needs to burn with that kind of meaning.  If you lose that purpose, you lose it all.  All you’ll have left is pain.  You’ve set foot, you can’t turn back.  You have no place to return.  You understand?”
Killer nodded tentatively.
“Do you get this?  It’s not a game.  This is real; this is happening.  We aren’t toy soldiers here; we’re betting our lives.  When you become separate from the sense of what you’re doing, you’re lost.  Night falls and despair closes in.  You’ll find yourself in a hotel room with the curtains drawn, empty bottles on the floor and a pistol pointed at your head.”
Killer swallowed, and looked straight ahead.
“Do you get it?  Loyalty, purpose, the mission, command, knowing what it means to be Delta.  It’s an absolute commitment.  You fuck it up, you burn.  Do you get it?”
He shouted, furious.  “YES!”  He gripped the steering wheel, closed his eyes.  “Yes,” he said quietly, “I get it.”


Summoning  

Llort trolled the 500 goat blogs simultaneously.  He used a batch posting program, but it was challenging.  Flame wars didn’t work because with 500 blogs, nobody cared about a particular one.  He could drown it in noise, but that was a pathetic approach.  He just missed trolling.  He felt like a goof in a cheap suit wandering around with these jet-sets.  They made fun of him, nobody talked to him.  It sucked.  
He picked up women in the wake of Scar, everybody did.  But it was always vulgar and guilt-ridden to him.
After six weeks on the tour, something changed and he was a lot happier.  He realized Scar was right.  Llort admitted he was gay.  But only to himself, once to Scar, and, at first, one other man.  The gay crowd following the tour loved Scar.  They had developed a type of reasoned ethic about him.  That he was homophobic, but apologized for it, made him forgivable.  Scar lacked the homosexual sniffing device of even the most Puritanical of preachers.  When he hit, it was by accident.  He nailed a lot of closet cases as gays, like Llort, but not because of the homosexuality.  He spotted the lie.  And if they lied to themselves, it was a fiery brand to Scar.
After he came out of the closet, he had a great time following the Grateful Scar, as some punster had titled it.  Entropy paid off his credit card bills and sent him an e-mail with a smiley emoticon.  He went home every other week, to rest and get some peace.  He loved the tour, but it was contrary to his personality.  Llort discovered a new side of himself.  He wasn’t socially inept, just more of a quiet person.  The world needed listeners, especially when Scar Jones was running the show.  All he did was talk.
But Llort liked Scar, in spite of himself.  Scar told him he was gay in the first place and kept telling and everybody watching into the bargain.  It was humiliating, then it was liberating.
Then they called him to testify.  He didn’t want to, he was scared.  Part of it was speaking in public.  He was a professor, but a research professor.  He didn’t lecture.  Every time he asked Scar a question, he nearly fainted.  But Entropy kept forcing him to do more and more outrageous things to Scar.  He said he couldn’t testify, so Pi subpoenaed him.  He didn’t show for the first day, unable to leave his hotel bathroom, where he sat on the floor in a bathrobe, hiding.  They called him.  He got fined $2500 for failure to appear and another subpoena for the following session.
The police knocked at 8:30am.  With a smirk, one of them held handcuffs dangling off an index finger.  “We need these, professor?”
“No.  I’ll…come peacefully.”  He tried to smile, but knew it looked like an egg noodle.  “Can I drive my own car?  So I can get home later?”
“I don’t think so.”  He was a burly guy and Llort found himself attracted.  He just…well, people had different needs.
He sat in the courtroom for hours, his anxiety faded and he nodded off.
“I’d like to call Llort to the stand.”
His heart nearly cracked a rib and he fell off his chair.  Everybody stared, then laughed.  He hated that.  Being fat, people pointed at him often, especially boys.  Behind his back, he always heard whispers mocking him which he tried to ignore.  He stood, wiped his face, smoothed his hair and tried another weak smile.  The little gate stuck, of course, and he couldn’t figure out the latch.  What a fool he was.  His hair fell down over his eyes, stupid haircut.  He’d paid well for a fashionable one and he just looked like a dork trying too hard.  The bailiff told him to quit leaning on the gate, the pressure was keeping the latch stuck.  His big, fat legs embarrassed him.
He walked across the formal courtroom area, conscious of all those people watching him walk, seeing his immense, woman’s buttocks slide back and forth.  It was unfair, fat women had baggy, blousy dresses, but there was nothing like that for men.  Men with a big butt just had to look stupid.
  He may as well have been naked, he was so mortified.  He squeezed into the witness box.  They didn’t make things for heavy people.  His ass felt like a bean bag chair when he sat and he could feel his pasty skin turn its blotchy red.  Somebody shoved a bible at him and he put the wrong hand on it.  He swore to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth so help him God. 
He was flush and dizzy and when he looked at the courtroom filled with several hundred people (why was it so big?) and those two giant cameras sending his idiotic blubbering testimony out to millions, he panicked.
His blood pressure shot up.  He could tell when it got really high, because he started breathing fast.  Naturally, an asthma attack joined the scrum.  Fumbling in his pockets, he realized with terror that he had left his inhaler in the room.  A part of him was happy, because he would die and not have to face this eternal shame.  He breathed in ragged gasps and tried to relax, but couldn’t.  The prosecutor, who had called him to the stand, sat passively watching, as if Llort were a lab animal.   A mix of anger, fear, and pleading for pity arose.  Llort stared back.
The prosecutor smiled, the faintest trace, and Llort calmed.  The man let the silence hang for a long time, and it felt natural, even right.  The asthma attack subsided some with the panic, and he realized it had been a minor attack, magnified by fear.
The prosecutor stood, broke the eye contact, and Llort quit breathing.

Scar was hovering over him, along with the bailiff.  “Asthma,” he gasped.  “I forgot my inhaler.”
Somebody got one to him and he breathed in the wonderful steroids.  He took a second hit and nodded.  Scar, for once, said nothing.  Small blessings.
“What happened?”
“Can’t remember,” Scar said.  “But you don’t look none too good.  Your arm’s all puffy and blue.”
“You fell out of the box,” the bailiff told him.  “You probably banged your arm.”
“I can declare a recess, Mister Llort,” the judge said.
“No!” he yelled.  “I mean, let’s just get it over with, your honor.”  
She looked uncertain.  
“Please?”
Llort felt his arm, decided it was bruised, but not broken.  They helped him up and into the box.
“Mister Llort, is that your real name?”
“Yes.”
“Explain, please.”
“I had it legally changed recently.”
“Why?”
“Professional advice.”
“By whom?”
“Objection.”
“Sustained.  Where are you headed, counselor?”
“I’m establishing a bias in the witness, your honor.  I believe his testimony is not objective and that he has reason to lie.”
She nodded.  “Proceed.”
“Who was the professional?”
“I’d rather not say.”
“Answer the question.”
“Your honor, it may endanger my life to do so.”
“You’re a chicken shit,” Scar yelled.  “Ain’t you got no nuts in them big pants?”
“Hey, you’re the reason I’m up here.”
“So what?”
“Shut up!  Just shut up!”  
Scar looked surprised, then started laughing.  “Good for you, Pillsbury.”
“Your honor, can’t you make him be quiet for once?  All he ever does is talk.”
“Mister Scar, please be silent.  I don’t want to eject you.”
“You can’t put me on trial what if I ain’t here.  That wouldn’t be any fair whatsoever.”
“I assure you, we can.  Now, will the witness please answer the question?”
Llort scratched his calf.  His eczema was flaring up.  He forced himself to stop, then put his fingers against his lips, twisted them and looked down.  He hoped everything would just go away, but she told him to answer the question.
“Entropy,” he blurted.  “Entropy’s his name.”
“Why were you in the party the day of the motorcycle wreck?”
“It’s…my job.”
“Who do you work for?”
“That’s hard to say.”
“Is it Entropy?”
Llort looked with pleading eyes at the judge, who raised her eyebrows as if he was a naughty child.
“Yes.  I work for Entropy.”
“And what do you do?”
“I’m a reporter.”
“What publication?”
“I keep a blog.”
“And the name?”
“I can’t answer that.”
“Yes, you can.  Or it’s contempt.”
“I need protection if I do.”
“Perhaps your employer can provide that.  What is the name of your blog, Mister Llort?”
He jerked his head around, begging for support from anyone and not finding it.  He sighed.  “It’s goat dot troll.”
A buzz filled the room and the prosecutor smiled like he’d known it all along.
“Is Entropy Goat dot troll?”
He didn’t answer.  The judge forced him.
“No!  All right?  It’s me.  I’m goat dot troll.  Now what if the killer guy kills me?”
Scar jumped up and marched over to the witness stand.  “You’re one of them goddamn Goats?  You fat fucker.”  The old bailiff came to put a hold on him and another man came out of nowhere and grabbed him by the arms.  Scar stood in the pinion as if he didn’t notice them.
“I thought you forgot everything.  How come you remember Goat?”
“Not everything, buttercheeks, a little takes root here and there.  You the real Goat?”
“Mister Scar!  Sit down.”
“Damn, your justice, I’m awful sorry, but I ain’t been paid in a good while and if this is the dude what hired me, I want my money.”
“You don’t remember the person who hired you?”
“Fuck no.  You just said you been following me and I don’t remember nothing.  Don’t you remember?  Ain’t you noticed that about me?”
“Yes.  Yes, I’ve noticed.”
“Are you the real Goat?  Pay up.”
“Scar, there were 500 of us.  Why would it be me?”
“500?”  He looked at the floor in a thoughtful manner.  “Damn, that’s a whop of fools.”  He squinted at Llort.  “Is it you?”
“No.”  Scar kept staring at him.  He looked like a crocodile.  Llort leaned back, then offered a pleading glance at the judge, who finally got Scar to sit down.
The prosecutor asked questions about Llort’s sexual orientation.  The defense objected, but the prosecutor claimed it established a relation between the witness and Scar.  Llort told them that, yes, Scar had helped him realize he was gay.  The prosecutor retired and Pi asked questions about the motorcycle wreck.  As Llort fled the courtroom, Scar glared at him.
“I’ll get your fat ass for that.  You got some hurt coming down the pipe.”



Trial by knife 

That fat homo told ‘em Scar drank, then drove his motorcycle and nearly killed some woman and broke both her legs.  They called her up to the stand and she said it hadn’t happened like that at all, that Scar hadn’t had nothing to drink and he could tell she was lying and he hollered it out that he must’ve been filled to the blowhole or he wouldn’t of never crashed no motorcycle on account of he was a damn good driver.  Judge told him to pipe down and he said another thing or two, including he was sorry that he had to say whatever it was then sat.
“I wanna take the stand, your honor.”
That devil pretending he was a fin at the other table smiled too big and Scar figured he oughta tell him to go fuck himself, but he didn’t do it and he couldn’t figure out why.  The dude was a demon bastard and Scar kept forgetting he was there, kinda on purpose.  Otherwise, Scar’d a jumped on him and probably killed him.
Pi smiled, too.  They both wanted him up there.  What the hell was going on?  Wasn’t they against each other?  Fins, no damn good, Pi or not.  Judge asked him if he was sure and told him they wasn’t no obligation to testify against himself.
Scar stood up.  “I ain’t going to.”  He was gonna testify in his own damn favor.  He tugged on his Hawaiian shirt to straighten it like a television fin.  He remembered something!  They kept asking him to change it ‘cause they said it was smelly.  He whispered to ask Pi how long the trial had been going on.  He sniffed the shirt and figured about three weeks or so.  
“Counsel?” the judge said.  “Any objections?”
Scar looked down and banged his fists on the table.  “She ain’t my fin, she’s my friend.  Strictly advisory capacity.  Scar defends his own self as per the noble principles upon what this country was founded.”
Pi nodded and touched his arm.  “We’d like that very much, your honor.”
Scar squinted at her.  “Why didn’t you ask me earlier?”
She wrote something, but he told her his reading rules and she said to steal it and he said it wouldn’t work ‘cause she was trying to make it a trick and that was bullshit.  She did something on her electro gizmo and his watch buzzed and he read it and hollered, “It needed to be your idea,” and Pi put her hands over her face and Scar got in the box.  He told ‘em he was ready to go and wondered if he was supposed to get out and ask questions, then get back in and answer ‘em.  Judge told him no, that Pi would help him out and ask the questions and he figured that was a pretty good way to proceed.
That dark fiend came up to him and Scar had to wrestle himself to stay put.  Primal, that’s how Scar felt looking at that mother fucker.  He wanted to bite his throat out.  Scar asked him his name.
“That’s not your concern.  It doesn’t matter at all.”
“Does to me.”
“You’d forget it anyway.”
“Maybe so.  My adoring public might remember it, though.”
“Mister Jones, it seems-”
“SCAR, dammit.”  He didn’t like this devil bastard a bit.
“All right.  Scar, the charges against you are numerous and varied, but they come down to a single point.  You are a public menace.  How do you account for yourself?”
“If people knew the truth, chaos is good news, but you can’t say no shit like that on account of it freaks ‘em right out.  I’m sort of a societal alarm clock, telling people they’ve overslept and their complacent drudgeyness ain’t a good idea no more. A wake-up call.  That’s all I am.”
“How so?”
“Well, here we are, ain’t we?”
He understood, but played like he didn’t.
“Everybody’s watching.  They ain’t got no idea what the hell’s going on any more ‘n I do, any more ‘n you do, any more ‘n anybody else does.”
“How does that constitute a, how did you refer to it?  A wake-up call?”
“’Cause, you evil dead weirdo, now we’re all figuring out that we don’t know what’s happening.  People are loving it.  Everybody’s watching my show and it’s on all the time.  Most people watch it on that stupid computer web, ‘cause it ain’t on TV but an hour a day and that ain’t enough for ‘em.”
“Why don’t you like the internet?”
“’Cause it ain’t done nothing good from nobody.”  Damn, thing was furiating him up.  His wordses flew off too quicker’n a light fast.  “People guess thinking too many sorts of bird poo that can’t true itself.  Nobody, er, some goof can maybe shoots what any stuff into this zero zone, doesn’t concern if funny thousand lies it be, the whole crowd of dogs is gonna pull it for trueness, spread it all to anywhere, and there we get it, big fools everybody.”  He drew up a long breather, slowed on to it.  “We fucked ourselves.”
“Fascinating perspective.  To return to your earlier point, and I hope you didn’t forget, if you’re an alarm clock why are you in court?  Is it justice?”
Damn, this fart frantic pissed him too high.  “Justice balls, my butthole frame.  Big Scar’s on box and  why not?  I free chose on be here.  This!”  Thumpy on body bag, “done free.  What’s what yours country done: FREE! and if you ain’t appreciate facts from matters, monster,” skin stick stab at monster, “better run on back at the desert.”  Breathing, ignoring, looking not at.  Calmed himself.
The fiend talked to him for a good long while, sometimes riling him up, discussing politics and social stuff and even physics.  Scar had to fight down the impulse to jump on him and send him to hell the whole time.  Eventually Scar told him it was about time to move on and he turned to Pi and said, “your witness,” but she wasn’t sitting there.
Judge called a recess and a little bit later he was back in the box with Pi asking him questions.
“Scar, did you know that your show enjoys the highest ratings of anything on TV right now?  In the world?”
“So what?”
“Did you know that there are, on average, seventeen illicit, unauthorized by you, commercials per week with you as the main person?”
“Big deal.  Fame ain’t shit, it’s a crap hug.  I ain’t no happier.  No less, neither.”
“Did you know that when a new Scar Super Feature is announced, your ratings increase by an amazing seventeen percent?”
“Who cares?”  Scar shook his head, then raised his voice and spoke slow and clear to make sure as cement that everybody understood him.  “I DON’T GIVE A FUCK.”
“That’s highly admirable.  It doesn’t matter to me either.”
That was great, Pi saw the heart of the matter.  Scar told her how people got all hung up on crap like ads and TV programs and sucking the bosses dick and forgot about being alive.  Walking in the wind was about the best feeling Scar’d ever had, but maybe that didn’t mean so much seeing as how he didn’t have no real memories to speak of.  Then she asked about his complicity in the murder of innocents and he said he wasn’t complicit in nothing and was she surprised at how he knew the word and who was them innocents, anyway?  She said it was a bunch of fins and he told her wasn’t no such thing as a innocent fin, but he probably didn’t do nothing to kill ‘em himself anyhow, and how he didn’t care a bit about they was dead.
“Fuck ‘em all,” he yelled.  “I hate fins.”
So she asked him about spinners and he told her no, they wasn’t worth hating, but he wasn’t gonna have none over for dinner or nothing.  They said too much shit what was almost a lie but wasn’t and it drove Scar pretty much crazy.  Then she asked him about homos and he told her, making every reasonable effort to stick to the facts.


waste reclamation 


http//goat:zero
Up the road from me today, I saw the first full blooming tree of the spring, bursting with white flowers.  There were birds and the hum of a reclamation plant nearby.  It is a small town and the plant is beautifully done.  Trees covered in ivy lined the back edge of the two tear drop shaped filter ponds, nestled one inside the other’s arc, like paisleys, one higher than the other and each surrounded by a thick, low-cut belt of soft grass.  A gentle bank rolls upper to lower pond.  Though this is imperfect, here I see that man can live with nature.  The houses across the road are trim and well-kept, the often used walking path a sheer delight.  No smell pervades.  The plant’s primary offense is noise and not the noisome.  An occasional whiff once a month reminds us we are human and will one day decay.  We are called back to ground with a quick jerk.  A low hum lives in the earth and air for a small radius about.  Innocuous to a passerby, but does it disturb the nearest residents?
My life is so trivial, it seems, to ponder such nonsense.  But it connects with my overall message.  Not in the absolute sense, not in the spiritual sense, but in the relative.  The commentary on society as it stands.  Reading back over my posts, I taste a bit of despair, a sense that things have gone so far amiss, that no chance exists to correct it.  But here, and I post the above for this reason, I sense the opposite.  I am no cynic, I am no pessimist, and I want to straighten the scroll to reflect that.
Here I see the simplicity of the ordinary citizen.  Here I see those who can live in our modern world without taking too much, without wanton destruction for the sake of fulfilling tiny desires.  I often fear we are unable to sacrifice even the smallest convenience for the greater whole, but today my buoyant heart tells me that people still can reach for nobility and perhaps attain it.
Am I wrong?

Mouthpiece 

Squarehead tapped some brass ball talent.  They did well, too.  He set up an Amazon mouthpiece.  First, he slipped a major announcement into their system through some leverage on an executive.  Amazon rolled out a lot of press contacts and had fifty reporters from the national media in attendance.  Five minutes before the man’s appearance on TV, Squarehead showed up.  
“Our statement has changed.  Here’s the new release.”
The man read and his eyebrows went up.
“You have to be kidding me.  No way.”
“Call who you want and check it.  Best, call the VP of relations.  I’m just the $30,000 an hour consultant they told to make it happen.  They want to street rules now.  That’s what the other corps are doing.”  The man knew him and knew his formidable reputation in the company.  He didn’t call anybody.  What a tool.  Squarehead watched his announcement on CNN.
“Amazon is currently preparing litigation against the person or persons known as Goat.  We take the hyper-poem as the legal defense of Goat, since the real Goat cannot be named and anyone who appears as Goat is the target of assassins.  This is a class-action suit on the part of the American people, led by us.  We believe Goat has worked to defraud the people and that no solution to the hyper-poem exists.  We further contend that the prize money is not available.  Moreover, the public distress based on the person known as ‘Goat Killer’ results directly from the actions of Goat.  We intend to pursue the maximum penalty and are currently funding a private investigation which we hope will lead to criminal charges as well.
“We also announce,” he faltered, looked to the side where Squarehead gave him an encouraging nod, and read more, “a suit against Google for concealing the whereabouts of Goat.  The damages we seek are not monetary.  Amazon is suing for search engine freedom without Google’s filtered results to hide criminals.  Amazon feels that the power Google wields is too great for their maturity as a corporate entity.  We are suing for a separate body to ensure unmanipulated search results, with the members of the group coming from each of the following major corporations: Google, itself, IBM, Microsoft, Ikea, and Amazon.”
The crowd of reporters went crazy.  The spokesman left without taking questions.

Immediately after, Entropy sent Squarehead a text: Phase 3 set, holding.  The botnet cut a false story, which he intended to turn into reality, onto the Associated Press wire.  Everybody ran it.
Fifteen minutes after the big two announced their lawsuits, Microsoft’s server network hit saturation and collapsed at 9:37 a.m. Eastern time.  All of Microsoft’s officially owned 43,261 websites went down in a domino, choked in what has been called the most sophisticated internet attack ever.  When asked for comment, the Google spokesperson said, “Who could believe Microsoft got a virus?”  Google’s management is, by reliable accounts, hotly debating his termination.  Some at Google are in favor of corporate drawn swords and want to see, as Scar Jones said at one of his recent press circuses, “what can this Giggle do?  I ain’t scared.”  Even some of the top seats at the search giant think it might be a good move for Google to go to war.  They cite strong publicity response based on market research.
The MS response, “Because of Microsoft’s unique position in the computer world, we are often targeted by late-comers to the industry.  Certain companies have cultivated a mentality of needing to be the top player in the field.  Microsoft already is, so we create a more friendly and open relationship to competition.  We don’t need to attack other corporations.  They can fight for second place while Microsoft will continue its long tradition of improving our products and serving new customer needs quickly.”
But this reporter has spoken to several Google think-tankers, the crew that keeps the spotlight on the search engine monopoly, and they have a ready disdain for all things Microsoft.  The words open source, Linux, and even Google OS come up frequently in even their casual talk.  The engagement may come down to one of corporate ethics – the largely free, advertising driven revenue style of Google or the standardized, but no real choice market ownership of Microsoft.
And three more players hover on the fringe of the arena: Amazon, IBM, and Ikea.  Several Scar followers, both lawyers and media spinsters, have been linked to all three.
As goat.vermin posted minutes later: “The bizarre wars begin.”


Gilbey’s

Scar pitched the empty whiskey bottle over the counter at the trash can and it broke on the floor.  “Gimme another’n.”
“You want something more expensive?”
“How much was that ‘n?”
“$500 a bottle.”
“That ain’t nothing.”
Scar saw one of them fins smile at another in the mirror and he turned.  “What company’s gonna pay the bill for this?”
All the hands shot up and company names rang out.
“Giggle, you pay for this ‘n.  No, wait.  How about that one with three letters and computers?”
“IBM.”
He pointed at the voice.  “Is that you, fatass?”
“No.”
“Well, who the hell are you then?”
“I’m Llort.”
“You got the money?”
“No, I’m pretty poor.”
“Bullshit, I don’t hang out with no poor people.  You gotta credit card?”
He nodded and reached into his pocket looking scared.
“Be a man.  Slap ‘er on down.”  Scar turned to the barkeep.  “How much is that?”
“The Gilbey’s?  Um, $2000.”
“Make it $2500 and you got a deal.”
The bartender smiled real big at the credit card fellow, who asked Scar if he could get a picture with him.
“Hell, yeah, man.  I’ll kiss you on camera.”
“That’s not-”  Too late for him.  Scar jumped on him and smooched him up on the lips, worked his tongue into the dude’s mouth, and pushed it against his teeth.  The dude was a shocked rabbit; he didn’t know what to do.  Scar turned to the open bottle of hard and hit it good, then passed it to the fellow.  He sipped and passed it back.
“Time me.”  Fourteen seconds and then Scar thought he might pass out, but he gave that expensive booze back to that fellow that bought it only it was recycled and had a bit of Scar’s dinner with it.  
“Gimme another.  I swear I’ll drink it slower and keep ‘er down this time, but I’m taking ‘er with me.  Where’s my dog?” he shouted.  “I got a dog, don’t I?”
“In the limo.”
“Right, I think I’ll ride with him.  Somebody bring my motorcycle, I might wanna go for a ride later, when I’m drunk enough.  Where are we going?”
“There’s a party in the east-”
“Uh-uh.  Not another party.  Let’s go to the graveyard.  But first, I wanna make this man rich.”  He pointed to the bartender.  “What was that three letter deal?”
“IBM.”
“I want you to buy every bottle of booze in here.  How much are they worth apiece?”
The bartender smiled like a fool.  “Mostly about three, er thirty five hundred dollars.”
“Damn, them are some tight profit margins.  Give ‘im a fifty percent tip so he can at least feed his kids.”
Scar walked out.  “Where’s my bike?”  It was in front of him.  “Where’s my dog?”
“You wanted to ride in the limo with Pepper.”
“What’s Pepper?”
“He’s your dog.”  The spinner pointed and Scar spun.  There was a long white limo behind him.  Scar got in with the dog.  “I don’t feel like riding my bike right now,” he told him.  The dog wouldn’t wake up.
People crowded in with them.  “What’s his name?”
“Pepper.”
“What’s wrong with him?  Hey, don’t push him off the seat.  You fins sit on the floor where you belong.”  There was about twenty people in back.  “What’s wrong with my dog?”
The dog woke up, confused and growling and bit him on the ear.  It was in a panic and everybody squeezed away from it.  Even Scar backed off a bit.  “You bunch of sissies.  He didn’t mean nothing by it.  Just a scratch.”  Scar grabbed its mouth and looked in the eyes.  “This son of a bitch has been drugged up, ain’t he?”
Two of the fins nodded.
“Damn, you know what all you others is up to, don’t you?  Who drugged my dog?”
He pointed at one.  “You wanna be my fin?  What’s it really called again?”
“Lawyer.”
“Walyer.”  It hurt to say the damn word.  “Anyway, you wanna do that for me?”
He pointed to another.  “You write a contract to make sure he don’t screw me.”  He pointed to a spinner.  “And you pay him fifty grand to do it.”  They all nodded.  Wasn’t nobody gonna fuck up ole’ Scar.
“You don’t have a birth certificate, do you, Scar?”
“Nope, I ain’t got no birth certified kit.  Why ain’t we moving?”
“Nobody told me where to go,” the driver said.
“There’s another little soiree at the Hilton.  Several-”
“NO.  No parties.  Especially not one you recommend to me, fin.”
“That’s not my job.”
“Don’t mean you ain’t one.  You’re a spinner?  What’s the right name for that?”
“P.R.”
“That ain’t no name, it’s just a couple of letters.”
“Public Relations.”
“Great.  Where’s the raunchiest titty bar in town?”
“Why the raunchiest?” a skirt asked.
“Asia,” he said.  “That’s where you’re from.  Pi without an ‘E’.  What’d you ask?”
“Nothing.  Let’s go.”

They went to a titty bar shit in the middle of nowhere and there was motorcycles all around.  Scar told a spinner to drop a grand on the bouncer so his dog could come on in.  When he walked inside it got real quiet and everybody turned and looked.  “Drinks on the Giggle,” Scar shouted and a hurrah went up.  “Get some skinnies up on the stage wiggling.  I ain’t here to interrupt, I’m here to have a good time.”
They took to it, and then the music stopped and Scar yelled.  The music playing dude said in his cornball voice that Scar Jones was there and his commercial was on television.  A big ole’ screen Scar hadn’t seen before came on and he saw his own face and heard some other asshole’s voice.
“Will you endorse our cigarettes?”
“A cigarette!”  TV Scar snatched it out of the guy’s hand.  “I hate people like you.”  He slapped the guy.  “You got a light?”  The guy lit the cigarette and Scar smoked the whole cigarette without a word, then flipped the butt at the guy’s eye and walked away.
The man held up a pack that said American Spirits.  “Smoke what Scar smokes.”
The TV shut off and the hokey DJ dude said congratulations to Scar.  He asked the fin who just sat down next to him why the dude said it.
“Your trial got dismissed today.”
“Trial?  What?  Why?”
“The judge had a nervous breakdown. By the way, I have that contract ready.”
“What contract?”
“You wanted to sue for the drugging of your dog for biting your face.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.  And anyway, if a fin wants to work for me, he’s gotta rat out his own biggo ass-kissing boss first so I know I can trust him.”
Them fuckers was all quiet, like they wasn’t going to be the one, then finally a spinner looked left and right.  “I know a lot of stuff.  Teen sex scandals, some with male children.”
“People have been doing that for centuries, boy.  I need a fin, anyway, not a spinner.”
“I’m a fin, too.”  Everybody moved away from the dude like they didn’t want to be associated with him.
“Naw, you made your bed, now lay there and stink it up all on your own.  Quit trying to spin your way out of being a spinner.  I need a real fin, who can admit it, and who’ll rat his boss out right this minute.  C’mon, put it on the line for ole’ Scar.  I don’t like hypocrites.”
Nobody moved.  “Ain’t a one you got a nutsac?  You gonna let a spinner show up your manhood?  This fellow here’s ready to step up and make some old mister bags of power look like a little boy raping homo.”
Nobody else had the guts.

Scar decided he needed a better count of who was following him.  Anybody could, he didn’t mind that.  He just wanted to pick ‘em out easier.  So he looked on a map, got on his bike and headed to Argentina.  He didn’t tell nobody where he was really going, neither, mostly ‘cause he couldn’t remember most of the time.  But if he did remember when they asked, he wouldn’t a told ‘em nothing.  But if he had told ‘em something, he would of said, “To the end.”
He’d always wanted to get below all the beaners and that meant going to the tip, way on down.  He looked on every map he saw, ‘cause for sure he wasn’t going to remember the name and so he had to keep looking at it.  He stopped for gas and saw a globe, spun it and read the name out loud. “Argentina.”
Some dimnit tail with a couple of broken legs was standing next to him and repeated it.  “Really?  I can help.”
“Who are you again?”
“Candy Apple Red.”
He thought he remembered her and if he ever had the chance, he’d bang her eight ways from Sunday, that’s all he knew.  She had big titties and she looked like a good time.  He told her he didn’t need no help from no coochie ‘cause driving ’cross the world on a motorcycle was man’s work.  He got on his bike, ready for his trip.  “I don’t like this bike no more.  I wanna ride with my dog.  Who’s got a bike with a car on the side?”
Some dumbass spinner won that contest.  It took ‘em half an hour.
The damn dog kept jumping out at the lights and Scar told ‘em to put him back in his limo.  He got a flat tire after a couple hundred miles and gave up, at least for the day.  He decided to walk into the next town, but then got tired and got in the limo that was following along.  A bunch of silver suits and stick heels got in.
“Where did you sons of bitches all come from?  There wasn’t nobody around a minute ago.”
“You’re scheduled for a television appearance in four hours.  Do you still want to do it?”
“Fuck, yeah.  I love being on TV.”

He wasn’t in the limo no more.
“Scar,” said some little bird man with a microphone.  There was a big camera, now.  He looked at all the people staring at him and he liked it.  He could do a new thing, too.  He could look at a bunch of people and not say nothing for as long as he wanted, even if there was a hundred or a million of ‘em.
When Scar just looked at people like that, he sort of opened into ‘em.  He let go of himself and went away.  And he gave ‘em something.  It was a gift, a strange gift, something from beyond, something deep.  It was a soul thing or a spirit thing.  He didn’t have no name for it; it didn’t need no name.  Didn’t matter what.  It was a gift he didn’t own, but was still his to give.  It was some kind of magic.
“Scar,” the dude said.
“What is your damn problem?”
“You’re on a talk show.”
“Crap, NO.  I’m just having a good time, connecting with my friends here and you’re pissing on my campfire.”
“I thought you liked talking.”
“I do, I just don’t want to right now.  You always feel the same damn way?”  Scar walked over and pushed the guy’s shoulder to emphasize his point.  “Me, neither.”
“Would you like a beverage?”
“Has it got alcohol?”
The man didn’t reply which meant it did.  But he wasn’t gonna drink no alcohol if no man couldn’t say the word in front of him.  Somebody handed him a cup.  “Say it.  I don’t like playing gopher people, hiding their shit.  I can smell it.  Let me know you got at least one testicle, hambone.”
The dude didn’t say nothing, so Scar threw the drink on him.  “You wanna go?”  Scar held up his fists.  The dude looked left and right, then backed away from him.
“Relax, I was just yanking you.  That’s what I get paid for, stuff like that.  Now your TV ratings is gonna go up, just like you want and all you gotta do is look like a little chicken for a minute.  I’m gonna smoke me a cigarette.”
“Oh, you’re a smoker?  That’s not common knowledge.”
He sat on the couch and took out that red pack of smokes somebody had gave him.  It started with a ‘W’ or a ‘M’, he couldn’t remember.  He read it on the pack.  “Marlboro,” he hollered.  “They suck my asshole.  These are for fat girls.”  He lit one.  “C’mon over here, dumbass.”
The dude walked over and Scar blew smoke in his face.  “What’d you ask me?”
The dude said something but he didn’t pay no attention ‘cause he saw that yellow girl in the crowd.
“Pi without an ‘E,’” he yelled.  He waved and she waved back and then he felt like talking to the guy again.
“Scar, what do you think of Goat Killer?”
“Who?  What?”
“A woman reputed to be one of the Goat’s was shot and killed recently by someone naming himself the Goat Killer.  Nineteen have died so far.  How do you feel about that?”
“Well, that’s hard.  Too bad for her.  She didn’t have no kids, did she?”
He didn’t know.
“Do you intend to pursue the deal with Amazon?”
“No.”  Scar dropped the butt on the carpet and squished it out with his foot.  “I don’t like big women.”


class action

Entropy looked everywhere.  The real corporate secrets were tough to find.  Microsoft’s was stashed in the mountains of data vomit constantly churned out.  Google was similar, but better protected on more isolate servers.  He finally found Google’s, but the text records of their secret meetings didn’t exist.  He only found audio, which he didn’t like.  Entropy liked to read his data.  Still, it was gold so he used it.
Google had started a hidden policy department, a think tank of three people, instructed to keep their solutions secret, even from the top.  He had to hack deeper and get bots on their home computers.  That’s when he found the paper by Marcus Chesnitt.  It had worked.  Squarehead had manipulated the Google policy on Scar Jones, which had bubbled into the think tank cell.  Google wanted Scar Jones and one of its employees, pretending to be an employee of another company, to sleep together.  Squarehead had found and tweaked it.  Google now planned for her to get pregnant, then they would adopt the child and hire her.  They would ‘reform’ her.
Microsoft had no clear corporate policy.  There were a million ideas, ranging from a Scar Jones online game to vilifying him and making him the enemy of everything that MS stood for.  Amazon was actively cultivating authors to write unauthorized biographies and movies about him. They sought out various Goats for their stories, as well.  They were making back-room deals to purchase the rights to the Scar Jones phenomena and had filmed thousands of hours of video from the tour.  They optioned books by hundreds of people who had met Scar, including reporters from the first phase of the tour.
Ikea was completely straightforward.  Somebody who was either a nut or a genius wanted Scar to be their official spokesperson and wanted him to do exactly what he was doing, going in and ransacking on TV, only more frequently.  Ikea bribed his driver to pass by their stores as much as possible.  Ikea’s sales increased every time there was a new Scar commercial.  People had parties when a new commercial was announced with odd drinking games centered on Scar’s behavior.  When the customers complained or tried to have Scar brought up on charges for his behavior, Ikea paid them off discretely.  Entropy hacked until he found the right meeting notes, the policy was approved by Ingvar himself.
Meanwhile, the government policy: as long as Scar made headlines, it was a good day to sink bad news.  Scar made the media eye so much, that the government could dribble out the things that would eventually be discovered.  People didn’t notice under the burning ferocity of Scar’s wildness.
Then there was IBM, the lumbering old stodgy behemoth.  Their corporate policy was one of almost rank hatred.  The old fools regarded Scar as everything wrong with the world today.  He stood for whatever they didn’t like.  Scar was a crazy individual; IBM was a sane conglomerate.  They were less secretive about it, though they didn’t put it forth aggressively.  They wanted to diminish Scar’s celebrity status.  It was a matter of values, they thought.  Entropy read the bios of the group assigned to Scar.  They were quite senior, and, by the way the bios were written, they thought of themselves as business warriors, champions of ethical capitalism.  Good values of hard work, integrity, and corporate loyalty.  They were a pack of corporate tools, and IBM as usual moved so slow out of the starting gate that the whole thing might well be over before they got anything in place.  They didn’t have much to combat Scar with.  Laughably, they tried to get some restraint on the situation by staying in the funding competition.  
The ACLU was having a joy ride with Scar and freedom of speech.  Nobody he hit ever wanted to press criminal charges.  Part of that was Squarehead, leaning on them, and scaring the hell out of them.  When one person did press charges, Ikea, at Square’s suggestion, sent in good lawyers to keep their gravy train running.
There was an impressive amount of civil litigation leveled against Scar which Square let fly.  Pretty much anybody who had any interaction with him on TV that hadn’t signed the Machiavellian agreement sued him.  Google and Ikea paid off some and kept it quiet, but Entropy got the stories in the papers and local news wherever Scar happened to be.  It fueled more lawsuits in a cultural feedback loop.  Most were nuisance suits and Entropy was happy because the corps allowed some to play out.  He pulled together all the information he could on Scar’s civil and criminal activities and handed it to some hot shot web designer.
The emergent site was called Scar Jones and the Bells of Justice.  Entropy decided to change tactics with the legal actions.  He wanted to pull them together for a real impact.  A civil suit came up about a pair of eyeglasses and he sent Squarehead in fast.

Anderson Tullers was a card carrying Republican with staunch values based on an earlier American ideal.  He was paranoid about terrorists.  Squarehead bought a pair of mirrored shades on the way and showed up at the suburban ranch style house five hours after the suit was filed.  There was an American flag at the front door.  He put on the shades.
“Yes?”
“Are you Anderson Tullers?”
Tullers looked him up and down.  “I am.”
“You initiated a suit against Scar Jones today.”
He looked surprised.  “What’s this about?  Because I don’t-”
“Did you or didn’t you?  I know already, so best to tell me.”
“Well, yes, then.  Why ask?”
“You don’t mind if I come in.”
Squarehead had three plans in mind for dealing with the man and he chose the third.  He handed him a business card.
“Mister Tullers, I’m with the Central Intelligence Agency.  We believe Scar is not even remotely what he seems.”
“What is he?”
Squarehead stepped inside without invitation.  Tullers awkwardly gave him a Sprite and they sat on the blue vinyl sofa in the living room.
“Scar is among the first of what will prove to be many.  Scar wasn’t always crazy.  He was in the military, in an elite force which I can’t name, which officially doesn’t exist.  He was good; he was one of ours, Mister Tullers.  Then he was kidnapped and made to be crazy.  He was programmed to be like this.”
“Why?”
“Good question.  They are trying, with some success, to destabilize our society.  That’s the simple version.  They’re attacking our values.  Welcome to the 21st Century, Mister Tullers.  It’s become a strange world.”
He laughed.  “Like a Communist plot?  That’s a bit old.  We won that battle.”
Squarehead gave him a flat smile.  “I wish it were that simple.  This is a highly sophisticated and invidious enemy.”
“Terrorists?”  He looked serious about it.
“If you like, but terrorists of a different order, and not so bent on mass destruction as on supplanting America’s greatness.  They’ve seen that taking our lives only strengthens us, draws the majesty of America out more.  They’ve changed their tack, and we shouldn’t underestimate their intelligence.  That is a fatal error.  They’re clever and determined and, unfortunately, quite resourceful.  Mister Tullers, they want to make us number two.”
“What does this have to do with me?”
“Everything.  Everything.  You are the key, the American who represents our country’s backbone.  You are a citizen under direct attack, both as a member of our United States and as an individual assaulted on the streets by this group.  Scar Jones is not your enemy.  He’s a victim here, too.”
“I really don’t understand this.”
“Can I tell you something?  Promise it will never leave this room.”
He nodded seriously and Squarehead read his body language.  It was close; he would buy in soon.  He wanted to be in on the secret and fight conspiracy.  NLP, Squarehead loved it.
“They’re winning, Mister Tullers.  You are the only line of defense left, the loyal citizen.  You country needs you.  Will you help her?”
“Well, I, yeah, I mean…Why don’t you take off your sunglasses?”
“Old soldier.  I got some chemical agents in my eyes fighting Hussein and now I can’t take light.”
“That son of a bitch.”  Tullers slammed his glass down.  “The day they hung him should be an international holiday.  All right, Mister-?”
“Call me Square.”
“Mister Square, then.  Odd name.  How do we fight these sons of bitches?”
Squarehead raised his brows and leaned towards him, hand extended for a shake of fraternal co-obligation.  “I knew there were some real Americans left.”

After Tullers, they got them all.  Nobody settled out of court with Scar.  They just had to keep him safe and alive until the time.  It took about two weeks before it reached critical mass.  They dropped all the suits at once and prepared, but didn’t file, a class action suit against Scar, naming Ikea, Google, and Amazon as co-defendants.  The total amount was 100 billion dollars, enough to bring all three to their knees.  Of course, there was no chance of winning and collecting, but that wasn’t the point.

Entropy put everything in readiness.  He could file the suit and make it publicly known in less than sixty seconds.  Then he sent Squarehead a text: Phase 4 set, holding.


Budweiser commercial

Scar liked getting them people following him around all the time to get sushi.  Them silver suits all liked it better ‘n him, but it had an effect.  Too much wasn’t good for a body.  Course, it didn’t touch ole’ Scar.  Scar could eat glass and probably had on a bet.
He ate a lot of stuff other people wouldn’t.  He liked it.  He liked to get people to pay him to do it.  Bugs were easy.  It freaked people out, especially girls, but Scar could see they admired him for it.  Respect, it was a key ingredient.
But this bug on the floor of this bar was worse.  It had been dead a few days and it was big and it was made a lot wider ‘n flatter at the inestimable time of death.  Scar ate it for a buck and them people kissed his ass for it and he didn’t even give a shit.  Fuck ‘em all.  Everybody was a parasite or shit for fuck or a dimrod.  “That was the suck,” he said.  “That bug was nasty.  Hey, coochie, give me a kiss.”
The candy box declined.
A couple minutes later nobody was paying attention to him.  He smashed a bottle into a bunch of pieces and picked one up.  
“Who wants to watch Scar eat a bottle?”
They all did, them cameras kicked to life and pointed on him.  Some dingus asked him why he was gonna eat a Budweiser bottle and he said ‘cause it was probably better than drinking their beer.
He woke up and there was some bandage slinging pair of panties looking at him. 
She didn’t hardly have no jugs at all.
“Got short changed in the chest area, pumpkin.”
“I’m not from around here.”
She leaned over him to check something.  It was an asian chick.  Damn, he liked asian chicks.  “I figure I oughtta get me a little slanty vajayjay ‘fore I kick off.”
“Maybe you will.”  She stuck something into a tube stuck into his arm and he watched himself go to sleep like watching a movie of himself drowning.
He woke up and a stitch told him he was lucky to be alive.
“You’re dumber ‘n a sack of worms.”
“You have to stay in bed.  If you get up now, it’ll kill you.”
He touched his throat.  “Where’s my necklace?”
“We had to cut it off,” the asian nurse told him.
“Bullshit, you did.  That was my protection.  Give it to me, now.”
“You probably want your ring, don’t you, Mister Jones?”
She handed him a dull grey ring.  “Where’s the cord it was on?”
 They told him about the scar on his belly.  He threw off the bed covers and he had one of them anti-private gowns on and he took it off and the nurses started a’ fussing on him but he didn’t give a damn what no woman said so he looked in the closet for his clothes.  He found ‘em and they shoved some paper about leaving without doctor’s advice in his face, but he didn’t know but everybody around was trying to trick him into signing shit so he told ‘em to go flush it.  He worked his pants on, then tore off that bandage before putting his shirt on and it started a’ bleeding pretty good and he thought maybe he better stay a couple more hours after all and he fell down on the floor and they was all screaming and punching buttons and pagers were ringing.
He woke up and took that gown off and found him some clothes in the closet and put ‘em on and walked out the door with them cameras a’ following, filming everything he did like was some kind a’ hero and not a homeless warning to all them too cozy shitheads in every house he passed.  The nurses came out asking him to sign some crap and he told ‘em it weren’t gonna happen, but he looked at a camera and said he promised on film not to sue that piece of crap hospital ‘cause it was his own choice.  She didn’t give up, though.  She came at him with a stitch.
“Don’t say nothing,” Scar told him.  “First, you got to use that deal to listen to my breathing.”
The stitch looked all irritated, then smiled fake and nodded fake.  He put the listening deal on his ears and Scar grabbed the end and yelled in it.  “I’m outta here, doc!  I don’t like hospitals.” 
Everybody laughed.  It musta hurt, too, ‘cause he yanked ‘em off real quick.  “Mister Jones, you can’t leave without signing this.”
He stopped, clenched his teeth and turned his head back real slow.  “Call me Scar.”
“Scar, then.  I can’t let you go unless you sign this form saying you’re leaving against medical advice.”
“You can’t stop me, and I don’t sign nothing I ain’t read.”
“Then read it.  It’s not overly complicated.”
“I don’t read nothing I didn’t steal.”
The stitch pinched on his eyes like they was hurting.  “You got a headache, doc?”
“No.  Yes, actually.  You.  What if I read it to you?”
“What if that little naughty nurse reads it?  I’ll sign it then.”
“Great.”
The nurse read it and Scar asked a lot of questions to bug her, but she kind of liked it and thought it was funny so he did it even more.  She got done and he told her to do it again ‘cause he missed some stuff, but the third time she told him she had to get on back to work so he walked out.
“Mister -, uh, Scar.  You said you’d sign if I read it.”
He grabbed her pen and made a big X in the middle of the page and left.
Part IV
IBM
Squarehead walked through the glass doored box of IBM’s corporate entrance.  He was about to receive five hundred grand an hour to guide his clients to their own death.  That was OK, though.  He could get rid of the money.  And it was the least he could ask for.  The only way to get taken seriously, he had long ago learned, was to overcharge beyond proportion.  It shouldn’t take more than four billing hours, maybe three.  His company name was Boxface, LLC and he never gave a personal name.  He could shift off a few million in a day or two with no one noticing.
By then, they would think the original consultant was dead.  They would pay the company without protest.
Squarehead had to keep his asset base low so he didn’t get noticed.  But he couldn’t come to a meeting like this and not charge a major corporate rate.  He would have preferred to pay them, but he might use that means on Amazon.
And nobody got these kind of services for free.  If there was no money on the table, then there was a gun under the table.  These guys were old school, though.  They wouldn’t suspect both, and if they did, it wouldn’t matter.  He could can the deal.  He didn’t want to, though.  It was a beautiful piece of work.  Very dark.
There were four suits in there.  Squarehead had a portable hard drive in his breast pocket.  He wore a suit that day, but wanted a different touch, so he wore a hat.  He plugged the drive into the blanked laptop he had asked for in advance.  It took forty-five seconds to format to Linux and open his app.
They introduced themselves.  “What’s your name?” a junior asskiss said.
Squarehead  locked eyes and leaned forward a bit.  “Why is this no talent jerk-off here?  Get him out of the room.”  The kid held on for eight seconds, then broke.  It was good, actually.  Most people looked away immediately from his killing stare.  But six and a half seconds was the old record.
“Why would you bring a puppy to a gunfight?”
The kid looked around like he had no idea what he did wrong.  And he hadn’t done anything, he was just too young for Squarehead’s taste.  He stood there.
“You’re cut from the team.  Leave.”
The kid looked at the other three who gave him nothing.  They stared at the laptop.  Squarehead looked him up and down then leaned in close so only the kid heard.  “I could have you killed.  I could do it myself.”
“Was that a joke?”
“Did it sound like a joke?”
“A bad one.”
“I’d just as soon blow your dick off as anything, but I left my .45 at home, so I’d have to cut it off instead.  Then you’d have something to eat.”
“You’re pretty twisted.”
“You’re right.”  Squarehead talked low and quiet, so only the kid could hear.  “I qualify as evil by almost any standard you care to put forth.  But I speak a certain truth which is why I will always succeed.  One can never lose if one abides by dark veracity.  This is a lesson, because I respect you.  You stood up, but you’re leaving this room and if you do it now, you can be proud and no consequences.  I’m a different type of player and I’m doing you a big favor.”
“Why are you doing it?”
“You remind me of a brother.  Now leave.”
Squarehead had killed fellow soldiers and it didn’t bother him if they needed it, but this kid didn’t need it.  “Quit this job.  You could still do something good.”
“Are you doing something good?”
“Leave.”
Squarehead turned back to the desk and didn’t hear the kid leave.  He stopped and stared straight ahead, then turned back, snapped out a switchblade and cut the punk’s thumb a tiny slice while staring him cold and forcing him to utter no sound.  It was a sophisticated kill trick.  Entropy had invented it, but only Squarehead could do it.
He peripheral eyed, saw one of the others look up from the computer, then back.
“I’ll torture you.”
“I’ll go, but one more question.”
“No, but one more lesson.  You should have just asked it.”  Squarehead short punched him in the solar plexus and drove air out of the lungs.  “That’s two, next one is dead now.  I’ll kill you and walk away.”  He turned back and heard the kid leave.  
“Was that necessary?”
“I know some things about him.”
“I don’t know if we can do business with someone who-”
“Bullshit or you’d have left already.  Your bosses told you to do business with me no matter what.  They want what I’ve got.  Now, anybody know what I’m about to show you?”
“We get to meet your boss?”
“No, not negotiable.  For now, you get to read Goat.”
They nodded at each other.  “Sure, we want that, too.”
“Believe me, meeting my boss wouldn’t be a favor.  He’s not a sweetie like me.”
“That’s fine.”  The exec gestured at the computer.  “Can we read this thing?”
“It’s not here.  Hardcopy only.”
“What was the computer for?”
“Nothing, just a game.  I torched it.  If you want to read this, you have to come with me.”
“No.  Show us something online first.”
“Why not?”  They produced another computer and he led them to a goat entry, with a  masked web address.  Squarehead determined who was second in command.  “You.”  
He read some pages aloud, then scanned silently
“It’s just philosophy and political theory and self-help.  This guy seems harmless.”
“He is.”
“Then who’s causing it all?”
“That’s a complicated question.  He says everything is interconnected.  I don’t know what he’s talking about, but there’s an essay on that site there, if you have the stomach for that sort of crap.”
“What’s the blog?  Is there something here we’re missing?”
“My organization hasn’t touched it since creation.”
“Did you create it?”
“Please.”
“Did your organization?”
“I would say not, but that’s not the real prize.”
“What does that mean?  What do you want from us?”
“Would you like to meet Goat?  We’re thinking about making you boys into heroes.  This is the real Goat.  And I’ll give you the solution to the hyper-poem.  You win. You get the prize for exposing him.  You get it all.  And you’re famous.”
“But what if the Killer murders him afterwards?  We look pretty bad.”
“What do you care?  You’re living on your island with its own golf course and all the women you want.  Besides, it won’t happen.”
“How do we know it won’t?”
“You don’t have to expose him.  Just meet him and then decide.”

Ikea

“I hate that place!” Scar yelled.  “let’s go in.”  A big blue and gold sign read Ikea.  The limo pulled up by the door and Scar got out.
“Nope,’ he told them tag-ons.  “Dog gets out first.  Go on, boy.”  The dog dashed into the store.
One of them fins and one of them spinners nodded to each other and smiled.
“You dude’s work for this Norwegie bitch, don’t you?”  The spinner put his hand on Scar’s shoulder and Scar knocked it off.  “Don’t do that shit, man.  We ain’t friends.”
“Listen, Scar.  Why do you give a shit what we think?”
It was a good point.  Scar walked on in.  He let out his loudest whistle and some little girl covered her ears and busted out crying.  He kneeled down and put his hand on her shoulder.  “Sorry, little girl.  You seen my dog?”
The mother pointed and he came running full tilt around the corner and down the aisle at Scar.  He played it brave and cool and the big son of a bitch leaped on him and knocked him flat, then kept going around the place, raising a ruckus.
“Good boy.”  
That woman pointed a finger at him.  “Are you…?”
“Yeah, yeah.  I am.”
He saw some cheap ole’ piece of crap furniture made out of pressboard slats and he started kicking it to bits.  The dog ran by and grabbed a loose board and kept going round the corner.  People were screaming getting out of its way and Scar laughed pretty good, then got back to smashing crap.  He saw a sign and read it without wanting to ‘cause he hadn’t stole it, but it was one of them rules that was powerful hard to keep.  He couldn’t stop hisself from reading just a word or two.  It was a futon couch.
“Goddamn thing.  What are you?  A futon or a couch?  How big does a stick of furniture think it can be to be two things at the same time?”  He broke off half of the wood part and dragged it from under the mattress.  He heaved it up and brought it down on some tall, skinny lamp.  The lamp bent over and the shade was squished up real good, but the futon thing wasn’t hurt too bad, so he lifted again and dropped her on a low table made out of big square tiles.  They broke all to shit and so did the futon thing and Scar was happy enough to break more stuff.  The dog slammed into him, sliding across the floor, then grabbed the other side of the board he was holding.
“No, get that one.”  Scar pointed at a bed piled up with puffy blankets.  “We can do twice the damage if we split up.”
The dog lifted its leg on a couch.  “Atta’ boy.”
Them dudes was filming away and they looked pretty happy about it.  He picked up a cheap little thing for a TV to rest on and got close on a camera.  “I hate this kind of junk.  It’s what’s everything wrong with the world.  Don’t shop at this place.  Scar wants a boycott.”  He smashed it into the camera, knocking the camera man on his ass.  “Oh, hell, I’m sorry, brother.  You ain’t hurt, are you?”
The guy shook his head and Scar picked up a plastic wastebasket and flung it past an employee.  He didn’t figure his boycott would do no good.  People just liked garbage nowadays.
Some queer ass head honcho of the store came out and tried talking to him.  One of them spinners was watching real close and talking to the cameraman and getting it all and Scar asked him why.
“You’re on TV, Scar.”  Didn’t sound like no answer, but Scar didn’t care and he wandered off to mess him up a bathroom set and they all followed.  
“Mister Jones-”
“Goddamnit, it’s Scar.”
“Scar, right.  You’re disturbing the other customers and I simply can’t allow you to…”  Fool stopped talking.
“To what?”  
“To frighten people and destroy property.”
“I doubt you can stop me.”  Scar kicked the door half off some gay cabinet.  He kicked again and it still didn’t give way.  “That ain’t a bad cabinet, there.  If I was going to buy something here, it mightn’t be this ‘n.”  He kicked it all the way off.  “Or maybe not.”
“I’m going to have to ask you to leave.”
“First off, you don’t have to and second, go ahead if you’re gonna.”
“Go ahead?”
“Ask me to leave.”
“I just did.”
“No, you said you’re gonna have to ask me.  But you didn’t ask me.”
“Please leave.”
Scar smashed a mirror, then another.  “You gotta figure most people have broke a few mirrors in their lives.  Ain’t everybody having bad luck most of the time?  I bet it sure is hard to get people to work in mirror factories ‘cause of that.”
The manager asked some security goof-offs to pitch him out, but that spinner jumped in and talked to ‘em and to the manager and they left him alone.  He smashed a few things made of wood, then dragged all of it into a pile.  
He found some stupid ass moveable closets and hurt hisself trying to break it into pieces, but kept on doing it.  All the stuff got real little and soft and he realized he was in the kid’s section.  He dragged some stuff around till he found a pile of shit ready to burn he’d probably made.
“Anybody got a lighter?”
A fin handed him one.  “Where’s that Norwegie tamale?” he asked the manager.  
The dude looked at him like he wasn’t even speaking English and the fin said, “Ikea.”
The manager got even more confused and Scar nodded.  “I wanna talk to her.  She done pissed me off for the last time.  Get her on over here.”
Scar opened boxes and wadded instructions up for the fire.  He pulled some little straight sticks from a bunch of different boxes and snapped ‘em and was about ready to touch her off and then some tall blondie was standing in front of him just as scared as a mouse under a cat’s paw.  
They was filming it all.
“C-can I help you?”
“Sure you can.  Break up some of this stuff.  Let’s make us a fire.”
She looked around and the spinner looked at the fin who give the nod and the spinner looked excited and he said, “Yeah.  Definitely help him.” 
She put a stick or two on the pile.
“Faster, puddin’ pants.  You’re on the clock, ain’t you?”  Scar pointed the splintered end of a board at some dude.  “What the hell are you fellas up to?”
“We’re making you a star.”
“What’s in it for your biggo bosses, spinner?”
“You’re with us, and here we are on television together.”
Spinner bullshit, talking and not saying nothing.  He looked at his new assistant.  “Light that on fire, swizzle stick.”  She did and some dude moved in to help her.  “No,” Scar said.  “By herself and I want all the cameras on her.”  She started shaking.  “Light it, my girl, and I will fuck you by this fire.”  She jerked her head back and forth between them cameras and that fin nodded and that spinner said, “Do it.”
“What’s it pay?” Scar said.
“Sorry?  She’s already on the job.”
“Five million, somebody’s gonna pay it,” Scar said.  “Five supersize, green on the dog. I believe that’s the best prospect you’ve ever heard, and you’d be worth a heap of the coin if you get on your hands and knees for the American public by this fire and let me stick it in your ass.”
She backed away, stammering like a hillbilly at the stock exchange.
“Make it ten, three letters.”
A fin shook his head.  “We’re not in that business,” a spinner said.
“Fair enough.  Msuck.  Is that a name?”
“Close enough.  We know who you mean.”
Scar turned to the fin.  “Pitch in some cash, asshole.”
“Not happening.”
“Anybody?”
“Ah, hell, I’ve always wanted to produce a porn flick.  Two million.”
Scar knew the voice if he didn’t look.  “Pi without an E.  You know how much I wanna give you the wood, baby?”
“Yeah, I know.  Maybe later.  Have fun, dreaming, though, OK?  Meantime, two million.”
“Bless your pointed head.”  She winked at him and he smiled back.  “You hear that, Barbie?” Scar said.  “That’s a grip of green.  Worth it to let some ole’ smelly homeless scumfuck drug addict bury it in your butt.”
“You let somebody do it to you, then.”
“Sure.  I’d surrender the brown for that, ain’t no doubt.  I’d call up some twelve inch porn stud to make it hurt so I’d know I deserved that money hell but good.  I’d probably just piss it away on some stupid crap, though.  I ain’t got no call for money.  People already give me all the shit I want, whenever I want it.”
“I don’t think I can.”
“That’s cool, baby.  Get that fire lit and maybe I’ll buy you a beer later.  You wanna hang with the party from here on?”
She looked him over careful, and he kicked her a little why the fuck not gesture and she smiled, then nodded.
“Gonna have to take a awful ribbing from me.  Pi without, where you at?  Will you pretend you’re my fin and make her agree to do whatever it is oughta keep my stupid nuts outta too much trouble?”
“I always do.”
“You’re a peach and I’m gonna treasure you till the day I die.”
“Much the same.”
Scar was about to crack a board across his knee.  “What?”
“I was, um, returning your sentiment at you.”
“You gotta a couple of little chunks outta your English, ain’t you?”
“I didn’t understand.”
“Your English ain’t perfect.  You weren’t born here, was you?”
“Like I said, Scar.  You’re very perceptive.”
She laughed at him and he loved it.
“You didn’t mean that.”
“No, well, yeah, in a way I did.  You pick up on things other people definitely would never do.  I’m getting cold.  Are you going to get that fire lit?”
“It’s lighted, not lit.”
“Really?  Are you sure?”
“Funning you, cherry Pi.”  He turned and pushed the bunny away from the fire she wasn’t making happen, then pointed at her and talked to the general following.  “Who’s she work for anyway?”
Nobody answered.  “Wait, I need me a pipe.”
There was a little commotion and some little fat dwarf homo handed him a zippered leather pouch.
“What the fuck is this?”
“It’s a pipe.”
Scar unzipped it.  
“No, a long metal tube.  Not this kind of pipe.”
He chucked the whole wad a’ stuff as far as he could and stood there quiet for a couple seconds till it made a nice loud clattering and he smiled.
“I hope I broke it.”  The fellow looked freaked out.  “Don’t be such a sissy.  Hey, spinner, buy this man a much better hookah ‘n the one I threw.”
“No, it’s not that.  It was…it was my granddad’s.”
“And you handed it to me?  You deserve whatever you get, then.  But I do feel bad about it, fatty.  Man you need some exercise.  And some sun.  You look worse than me and I bet I ain’t ate but every two or three days most of my life and I done a asscrack load of drugs.  You gonna die soon, the way you look, lardonicus.”
“I get the message, thanks.  Look, don’t worry about the pipe.  I’m not mad, I just, it meant a lot to me.”
“Oh, man.  Your granddad’s, huh?  Now I feel all shitty, thanks, fried chicken.”
“Why do you keep calling me fat names?”
“Why do you think, bulgie?  You’re fat as a whale.  You weigh twice what these people weigh, three or four times most of the women and here you are, a little wimp whipping it free and trying to see if it was bigger ‘n Scar Jone’s, and knowing it ain’t.  I like you, man, and I respect you.  But lose some weight, queerbait.  Hey, a rhyme.  Anyway, I heard about this diet where you don’t eat nothing but meat and eggs and cheese and just as much as you want and them pounds just melt away.  You’re gonna need a skinectomy, though, after.”
“Um, thanks for the advice.  Did you-did you know that when you do this…” fatty waved his hands around, “this company makes almost a million dollars more with the commercial?”
Scar gave him the curious eye.   “Norwegie spinner?”  
A dude raised his hand.  
“You mean to tell me, by me coming in here and smashing and burning and telling everybody what a load of crap this is, you’re making more fistfullers?”
The spinner smiled.  “Is that a problem?”
“Hell, no, it’s a observation.  I’m a virtuoso maestro performer.  This ain’t but a commentary.”
“What’s your commentary?”
“Judging by that, this world is fucked.  It’s irreparable.”
“Yes.  Everything’s on its head, now.”
Scar squinted at him.  “That’s a true thing you said.  Mostly spinners just talk shit.  What else you think?”
“It’s not what you say, it’s how you say it.”
This spinner was a smart fellow.  Scar might could learn something from him.  “Teach me about spinning.  I’m considering a career change.  Being a homeless bum has its upside, but there just ain’t no more surprises, there.”
“Um, all right.  It’s called Public Relations.”
“Ain’t gonna remember that.  Call it spinning.”
He nodded.  “Spinning, better name, anyway.”
Scar noticed a U-shaped cabinet over in some bathroom without walls.  “That’s stupider than I can take.  Hey, pumpkin, get that dumb cabinet and drag it on over here.”
He saw some bright colored circular boxes set inside each other.  He turned ‘em upside down and jumped up and down till they wasn’t nothing but smashed bits of plastic.  He tossed a few bags of potpourri on the woodpile without unwrapping.  “Them’ll smell nice,” he announced.  He cracked open a bunch of boxes with the barbie and they made the starter out of instruction manuals.  It wouldn’t stay lit.
“Somebody bring me a fan.”  He looked at the spinner.  “Go on, teach us your shit.”
 “Well, the essence of spinning is educating the public, correcting mistruths, and building up or elevating a corporate image.”
“Propaganda.”  Scar said it slow, and gave that spinner his best cunning look.  “How do you do that?”
The spinner looked at his fin and the fin give him the OK.
“Well, present only the facts you like.  It’s called cherry picking.  Or a technique called a non-denial denial.  You might say something sounds unlikely or that it’s not worth the time to answer.  Or imply that it’s been answered already.  You can attack the source and make no comment on the allegations.  You, for example.  We spin your actions and because you’re insane and look it on television, we use it to advertise.”
A fan appeared and the mountain of paper blazed up, streaming sparks and smoke in the windward direction.  Some of the tiny bits of wood caught.  Then the paper was gone and the fan blew a few flaming little bits out onto some shelves and the fire went out.
“Dammit,” Scar yelled.  “This shit ain’t even good enough to burn.  Keep talking, spinner.”
“A variation is to say a question has been answered in detail elsewhere.  You can use weasel words, attributing something you want to establish as fact to an unspecified source: ‘Some people say that x-y-z or Critics claim that blah blah.’  Sound bites are probably the most common tool.  You’re great for that, Scar.  People remember the things you say.  ‘Better off burned.’  You said it five minutes ago.  Buzzwords are another tool.  It’s a term people use that has an extremely vague meaning, but it sounds exciting and new.”
“Tell me more, scumfuck.”
“We avoid political opinions.  One technique, particularly seedy, and we don’t do it, is called front groups, where a company secretly creates a third party advocating the company’s interests while the company disavows any alliance.”  
Scar didn’t understand and had to get him to explain it a couple times for he got it.  He shook his head slow.  “Sneaky fuckers.”
“The sneakiest.  Journalists are bought or blackmailed to voice the preferred point of view.  Another trick: association with charities.  That’s not very effective, though, except to combat a negative.  The public only notices a scandal.  Equivocation.  Take the phrase: ‘I won’t come home tonight,’ implying I will be gone.  But I could come home this afternoon and stay without lying.  Euphemisms detract from the harshness of a reality.  Ambiguity and skirting are good tricks.  Burying it on a big news day.  If 50,000 people die in a catastrophe, a little corporate malfeasance won’t be noticed.  We can leak it and it disappears.  Publicity stunts, which you’re doing for us.  We also have a huge database of contacts. That one’s probably outside of your skill set.”
Scar laughed.  “Yeah, I imagine it is.”  Scar raised the eyebrow over the eye he still had.  “Gimme the overall picture.  You got yourself a problem, some jerk-off’s going in your store and smashing up your dumb furniture, but he’s protected by somebody real powerful.  How would you spin that?”
“A SWOT analysis.”
“Like a fly?”
“Strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, threats.  Here, the strength is, you have an enormous media following.  Free publicity.  Weakness, your badmouthing of our product line.  Opportunity, everybody’s watching already, so it doesn’t look like advertising.  Threats, since your activity makes our sales rise, the threat, oddly, is that you stop doing this.  Also, others might do it as well, but we’ll have them arrested.  Also, people might start to believe your ravings, but our products are actually well-made and priced right and people love them, so that’s no big worry.  Why do you hate it so much, by the way?  Do you really think the quality is that poor?”
“It’s all the fucking same.  How did you make it happen?  The power meeting, I mean.”
“We looked at the footage and brainstormed.  We knew you’d do it again, so we made lemonade.  How to turn your irrational hatred of our company into an asset?  We made a segment, beefed up the sound, and test-marketed it without any editing.  We made a commercial.”
“Good work, I guess.  You fucks must be smarter’n ole’ Scar.  I need some bigger fire to get this thing started.”  Somebody stuck a flare in his hand.  “How do you work one of these things?”
A dude did it and Scar made the twinkie stick it into the pile.  It started up slow.  Scar gave a little speech, but forgot what he was saying and pointed at his fire bunny.  “Who’s she work for?”
Nobody answered.  He looked at her. “You ready for your dick yet, doll tits?  What’s your name, anyway?”
“Candy.”
“What’s that on your foot?”
“You broke my ankle.”
Scar kneeled to look at it the hard blue web of the cast.  “Sorry ‘bout that.  Can you forgive me?  I thought at first it was just a big shoe, but it ain’t.  Hey, these are bullshit.  You can’t even sign ‘em.”
“Yeah, I agree.”
“You walk pretty good for having it on.”
“It’s got a bit of flex.”
“I tell you what, diddle wits, get back over and tend that fire for free and think if you want to make some real money or not in fifteen minutes of raw ecstasy with the Scar.”
She backed up.  “I don’t know…”
He held up his hands.  “Hold on, sugar plum fairy.  Don’t take it so serious.  It’s your decision, don’t freak out.  Just stay with me.  It’s important, OK?”
She nodded.
“Only thing is, you gotta put up with whatever I say.  I ain’t gonna make you do nothing.”
“I guess I can handle that.”
“Good, ‘cause in ten minutes I’m gonna be ramming it in your bunghole.  Now, get your bitch ass back and tend that fire.”
She bent over the fire, moving sticks around and Scar stood right behind her, close but no touching and worked his hips like he was stroking the pink.  He got boney-wood.
“What do you think of that, goose-hips?”
She stood and slid away to the side so she faced him.  “Quit that.  Too much.”
Scar saw something ready in her.  She needed help and he was gonna help her even if it hurt her.
“Why?  Why can’t you handle it?”
“Just…just because it’s…disgusting.  It’s nasty.”
“DON’T FUCKING LIE!  THAT AIN’T THE REASON.”  
He turned and circled, looking at ‘em all one after another.  All he saw was garbled versions and distortion.  Anti-people.  “Where y’all gone to?  What is it, man?  C’mon back here.  Crack through, ain’t gonna hurt like you think.  It’s gonna feel good.”

“Why is it then?!  What’s the reason?”
Scar turned and nodded.  There was the real deal.  She was feeling it.  “Why do you think?”
She moved her head around like a lost kid.  “I don’t know.”  She looked down at her hands.  “I don’t know.”
He turned back to the ones he couldn’t do nothing for and spoke real quiet even though she couldn’t hear him.  “It’s ‘cause you’re afraid, cupcake.”
He made the circle of people, stopping and looking each one in the eyes.  “I’m talking and talking and you’re watching and watching, but you ain’t listening.  I’m singing the same song over and over.  Quit lying to yourselves.  Why don’t nobody listening?”
“I’m listening.”
Scar moved his head slow to her.  She had a couple tears rolling down her face.  He smiled.  It was like he was infected with something good coming out of her they was sharing but nobody else knew was there.  “Finally, something real, huh?”  It made him sad, too.  He was tore up by sorrow, just lost in an ocean.
He went back to those fins and spinners, their blank faces wondering how they could make money off this bare pain.
“It’s nothing but one thing after another for you, without no why ‘cept another dollar in your pocket and you don’t care.  I ain’t got your damn why.  Scar doesn’t have no past or future.  We’re each lost in our way.”
He was hurting, all eat up by their held back souls and deceit.  He busted into tears, begging ‘em to do something real.  He put his hands together in front of the last and fell to his knees and looked up.  He was crying like a little kid and it felt good and real.  “Please quit lying to me.  That’s all I’ve asked from you fuckers.  Just one scrap of truth for ole’ Scar, but there ain’t no more truth to say.  World’s gone mad.”
He sat there on his knees, sobbing for how long he didn’t know, just sad ‘cause all these people were so full of bullshit and didn’t even see it.  They didn’t know who they were and what they were doing or why.
“You’re all so goddamn missing.  Your bodies are here, but you’re disappeared.”  He had snot running everywhere.  “Gimme your t-shirt.”  The fin gave it to him and he blew his nose on the inside and kept sobbing.  He gave it back.  “Put it on again.”  He did.  “Wear it for three days.”
Scar forgot why he was sad, so he quit.  He took a sheet off a bed and blew his nose and told some spinner to make the bed like it was before.
He spun to the fire.  “Hey, sweet cheeks, you made up your mind?”
“No.”
“No, you ain’t or no’s the answer?”
“No’s the answer.”
The manager dude got antsy.  “I’m sorry, but I can’t let this go on.”  He talked into his radio.  “Turn it on, Charlie.”  The sprinklers activated and Scar wasn’t a big fan of water so he turned to leave and that girl was standing there looking at him.
“You coming along?”  He wanted her to.  He felt like they had some connection, but didn’t know why.
That spinner looked at her and said, “Yes,” and his eyes got real big.
“What he said.  Come with me.  What’re you gonna pay her?”
“Don’t worry about it,” the spinner said.
“A million bucks a day,” Scar told him.
“Well, I don’t think we can accommodate that,” his fin buddy said.
That spinner wanted her to go, though, real bad.  Scar dug in his heels.  “Million a day or she don’t ride.”  The fin give that spinner a tight little nod, said, “stock options” and they was off.


Hilton

Using a Microsoft corporate account, Squarehead rented a room with a message for Killer, ‘two whores are waiting for you at the Hilton, all you can drink.  No guns.  We’ll talk in the morning.’
He told the IBM executives they were going to a hotel room where a great dinner was waiting with the real Goat and the full text from the Zero blog.  By a secret agreement, Google was ready to carry it live, in place of the Scar show, with a hidden camera.  But only one person and he had been blindfolded and brought.
Squarehead laced the booze with meth-amphetamine.  Killer could drink a lot and still be not drunk.  He waited until Killer had his fill of the prostitutes and kicked them out in a rage, then sent IBM in.  He told Entropy to hack Google’s cameras.  They were about to zero on Goat Killer and he needed the man’s face blurred, among other things.
He got a text from Entropy.  Nice work.
Killer opened the door, seething with speed.  Jesus, he’d drunk a lot.  He jerked his head at the people.
“Who the hell are you?”
“We’re with IBM.”
He blinked several times.  “What?  Who the fuck are you?”
“We’re here about Goat.”
Killer licked his lips.  “No.  That’s got nothing to do with me.  I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Squarehead stepped out so that Killer could see him.  His eyes went big.
“I told you it was him.  C’mon.”  He looked at Killer.  “Just admit you’re the real Goat and everything will be fine.  Otherwise, who knows?  It could get dangerous.  If these guys know, Goat Killer could find out.”  He said Killer loud enough to make the execs look at him, but he just kept eyes with the assassin.  He grinned.  “C’mon, you’re the real Goat and you know it.  It’s over, soldier.  Admit it now.”
Killer nodded, slow.  “Yeah, I guess you caught me.  Would you gentlemen care for a drink?”
He led them to the table and they filed in behind him.  Squarehead pushed the door closed without entering.  He called Entropy as soon as he got to the car.  “How’s the show?”
“Great.  You earned your bonus this year.”
“What’s the bonus?”
“Set of steak knives.  I’ve got IBM’s cameras on, but they’re still in the bag.”
“I thought Google was there?”
“They took in film cameras.”
“But they do the live thing.”
“Exactly, which is why I got them.  It was somebody’s funny trick.  Anyway, I hacked the IBM live feed and I’m giving it to Google.  They’re talking to Fox now.  They can get the live air if they want it.  I have audio, by the way, through the bag.  It’s your op, do you want to hear?”
“Oh, yeah.  Sounds like fun.”
“Oh, there it goes.  The bag clicked open.  I have a partial room laying on its side.”
The audio feed kicked in.  “What the hell?” an exec’s voice said.  “This camera’s on already.  I know it wasn’t.”
“How?” a background voice said.
“The battery would have been dead.”
“OK, the camera’s lifting out of the bag.”
There was a loud scream and somebody shouted, “Jesus, he’s got a knife.  David - NO!”
“Oh, good work,” Entropy said.  “The cameraman kept his head.  He’s turning the camera onto Killer.  I’m blurring the features with the botnet and I’ve got his voice spinned off.  Wow, he’s not a good hand with a knife.  This is ugly work.  And it’s a pocket knife.  Better training, Square.  All you taught him was guns?”
“C’mon, I’m pointing out his lack of training to him.  He’s stubborn with command.  He thinks he’s better than he is.”
“Well, he’s got assassin skills.”
“Agreed, that’s why I picked him.  But, he thinks that translates into good universal skills and it’s not true.  He’s a tailor who thinks he’s a surgeon.”
“OK, the cameraman lost it.  The camera’s swinging around the room.  He’s using it to defend himself.”  Entropy laughed.  “Ooh, it stopped.  He nailed Killer good, but the camera went down and now he’s screaming.  I think Killer might have taken a hit to kick his balls.  If he was smart about hand to hand, he would have twist kicked the knee cap, but I doubt it.  He’s got weaknesses, Square.”
“No shit, but he’s the right man.  Do you think?”
“No, he’s right.  I hate this mission and I wonder what the fuck is wrong with you.”
“I’ve told you what’s wrong with me.  I never hid it.”
“Not from me, but do you ever wonder if it’s an act of cowardice?  You above all should be afraid of nothing.”
“Hiding and not blurting are different things.  No one’s asked.”
“Except me.”
“Except you.”  There was a pause.  “And you already knew.”
“I didn’t; I suspected.  He’s not good at hand to hand.”
“No.  I spotted it right away.  He’s a distance man, and beautiful at it.  I’m pushing him into close work.”
“Good idea, I suppose.  He’ll get caught sooner.  No loss.”
“No, I guess not.”
“They’re fighting off-camera, I presume for the knife.”  There was a loud scream.
“Please, stop.  I’ll do anything.” 
“The camera’s picked up again.  Killer’s filming the guy, who’s bleeding hard.”
There was a crunching noise and a scream.  “Interesting.  He hit him with the camera.  The picture’s blurry, he’s fumbling it.  OK, now it’s zooming and I see the right hand of the cameraman, twitching.  It’s got a big folding pocket knife collapsed and on the index finger.  The shot’s holding.  I think in wrestling for the knife, Killer got lucky and it closed on the cameraman’s hand and he squeezed it in.  He’s ugly, Square.”
“I kind of like his style.  Sounds like a creative engagement.  He wasn’t hurt and that’s a solid result.”
“They weren’t trained.  How would he do against real combatants?  Camera’s panning.  First guy, cut throat.  Second guy was wearing a light shirt.  Killer grabbed his hand and cut deep inside the elbow.  He got the artery and let him bleed out.  He’s still alive.  You’re an asshole, Squarehead.  You know I wanted to limit casualties to only the Goats who sold.”
“The lawyers?”
“That was Scar’s decision.  I trust Scar.  That massacre was part of his function, to keep him from becoming just a sideshow.  My theory, anyway.”
“OK.  Why is it acceptable for those Goats to die and not these corporate bottom feeders?”
“The false Goats betrayed the ethic they agreed to.  Anyway, some sacrifices, you know.  It’s a battle. OK, he’s searching the place.”  There was a pause.  “He found the Google cameraman.”


Piggly Wiggly 

Scar got hungry and everybody followed him into a grocery store called Piggly Wiggly.  He grabbed something soft out of some dude’s cart and the dude looked at him and said something and Scar stared on him and he backed his ass off quick like was smart.  Nobody fucked with Scar.
Scar opened it.  It was white bread and it tasted like he was a kid.  He turned with his mouth full, food falling out everywhere, and told them spinners to get him some condoms and they scattered fast looking.  He took out three slices and bit in, then followed the dude and dropped the shit back in his cart.
He roamed around the store and looked for some cooked meat, but all he saw was the raw and crap in cans.  Then he passed the booze.  He opened a bottle of the strong and woke up in his hotel room.
“Fuck, I hate that shit!”
He went to the store across the street called Piggly Wiggly.  He was gonna feed hisself ‘cause he was powerful hungry.  He opened a bag of chips and dug in, then tossed it and cracked a can of peanuts.  He handed out chips and peanuts to the fins and spinners.
“We gotta eat it all,  this is a eat-in.  One of you fins, and if you ain’t a fin and you volunteer, somebody better blow your fucking head off…one of you fins pay for this on your personal.  No company shit.  Who’s nuts are big?”
A faggot held up his hand and fuck ‘im and Scar said “We own this store now, courtesy of the duke of bankruptcy here and we’re donating everything to…”  What?  Scar couldn’t remember, so he pointed at the fat, white queer.  “Where?”
“Uh, Unicef.”
“Good, them.  They ain’t gay, are they?”
The little ballsuck shook his head and Scar turned back to his dinner.  Fuck, he was hungrier than shit.  “We gotta eat everything on this aisle.  Winner gets a slap in the face.”
Nobody went for it, so the hell with it.  Scar ate half a bag of cookies and threw the rest over the aisle.  Didn’t hit nobody, though, which was too bad.  Lot of people was all packed around him, staring and wanting to get on camera.  He pointed at a boy.
“Hey, you.  Dipnuts.  You wanna be on TV?”
Course he did.  “Get on the other side of that row of food, there.  I’m gonna hit you with some stuff and you gotta eat what hits you on live television.”
“OK, but no hard stuff.  No cans.”
Scar grabbed a bag of marshmallers and the boy agreed like his butt was on fire and that was the only way to put it out.  Little boy shouldn’t turn that down or he was a durn fool.  His mother, though, that was different.  She started with ‘No.’  The boy talked her into eating one thing and Scar said “Fair enough.”
He picked up a bag of dog food and the mother started to bitch him out.  He switched it with a tiny bag of cat treats and she grinned. 
“Where you at, boy?”
“Right here.”
Scar snatched up about twenty packs and pitched ‘em all over on the kid.  
“Cameras!  What hit ‘im?”
Four packs, some video-jock told him.
Scar walked around.  “Eat it,” he said.  The mother was with him, said it’d teach the kid a lesson about trusting strangers.  He gagged down half a pack, then puked.  Scar made him eat the rest of it, and he did it, crying, but facing it and Scar felt proud of him.
“Good work, son.  You’re the real deal.  You got a name?”
“Raymond.”
“I didn’t ask what it was; I asked if you had one.  Listen closer next time and go get some water guns and fill ‘em right now.  You fins help him, and I want red and  blue food coloring in there.”
“Mixed?”
“No.  I want different teams.  More colors, too.  I want the giggle fighting the Norwangie bitch.  The three letters, you fight the Shazam.  And, hotmail, that’s stupid, so you do whatever you want.  Giggle spinners, you switch sides.”  Scar fed himself and watched them assholes light up their fool signs.  That boy tucked into some fun and he fucked with ‘em good.  His momma thought he was a star, but he still wasn’t nobody and never would be.  Scar could tell.
Scar handed a bag of chips to some other person following him.  “Don’t eat none.”  He cheered on that little skinny kid.  Some spinner handed him a bag of chips and he knocked it out of his hand.  “Get the fuck away from me.”


eat a bullet

Squarehead was in a Lamborghini four seater because he needed to go fast and he needed to carry more than one person.  His meeting was with some Amazon people.  They weren’t in deep enough and it was time to drag them in hard and fast.  He got three guys, lawyer, PR, and cameraman.  The lawyer and the PR guy fought over who got to sit in front.
“The cameraman, you shits.  He needs the room.”
“I’ll get in front and hold the camera.”
“Get in back,” Squarehead said, “or eat a bullet.”  He pulled out a pistol and they got in.  Somebody tried to follow.  Squarehead lost them easily.  The PR guy started punching stuff into his cell phone.  Squarehead grabbed it and snapped it out the window and under the tire.
“You two, gimme yours.”
The cameraman handed his over.
“No way,” the lawyer said.  
Squarehead did a bootlegger reverse at a hundred miles per hour.  “Get the fuck out.”
“I’m stuck back here.”
“That’s too bad.”  Squarehead turned and put a shell in his face.  The others were too shocked to scream.  “I’m sick of assholes.”  He drove on again.
The PR guy held it together.  He exhibited a classic fear response and totally withdrew into himself.  Trying to be invisible.  The cameraman was a different matter.  He had a panic attack.  He hyperventilated until he got dizzy, then almost passed out.  

His cell-phone vibrated: Entropy.  He answered.
“Don’t do that again, goddammit.”
Squarehead opened the passenger window so he  could talk without them hearing.  He was miked so they probably didn’t know he was on the phone.
“Why?  He wouldn’t do what I needed him to do.  All I said was to ditch his cell-phone.  It wasn’t a big deal.”
“Just take it and pitch it.  You’re pushing the line hard, Square.”
“You hire the best, you gotta deal with their neurosis.  People don’t get my skills without a cost.  There’s nothing I can do about it and you know it.  I wish it wasn’t that way myself.”
The cameraman came around and started pleading and crying.  He tried to roll the window down like he wanted to jump out, but Squarehead had the block switch on.
“Hang on, Captain.  I’ve got a little problem here.”  He turned to the cameraman and used a command voice.  “CALM THE FUCK DOWN.  Get a hold of yourself.”  
“No, I don’t…I can’t…”  He tried to roll the window again.
“If you jump out at this speed, you’ll be dead and it’ll be painful.  I’ll shoot you on the way out anyway.”
“You…no…YOU SHOT HIM IN THE FACE!”
“That’s right, and it was messy.  Look at your partner, though.  He’s figured out the right plan.”  Squarehead put the pistol against his temple and accelerated.  140 miles per hour.  More hyperventilating.  “The PR man is being quiet and still.  Now – you do the same.  I’m on an important phone call.  Got it?”  
He put his hands up, held his breath, and squeezed his face away from the barrel.  “Okay.  I got it.”
Squarehead moved the pistol down and they flinched away from him.  “Oh, crap, don’t worry, I won’t kill you.  This is my CEO telling me not to.  You guys are all right, anyway, you gave up your phones.  Just do what I say and I won’t hurt you.”
The cameraman nodded, and Squarehead didn’t look at the PR guy.
“This is the game, Captain.  You started the mission.”
“Yeah, I guess I did.  How much bloodier does it get?”
“Knee deep at worst.  We’ll keep it below the waist.”
“You knew Killer was going to do that.”
“I didn’t.  I thought he might, and I was damn interested to see.”
“Me too, actually.  What’s next?  Where are you taking them?”
“Guess.  Is the camera still running?”
“No.  He filled a bathtub, then broke it open.  I assume he immersed it.  Good on the feet thinking.”
“What do you think he’s doing?  Wiping the room down?”
“Well, he is a tough prediction, but I bet he bolts fast.  They made a lot of noise at the end.  Somebody could have called the cops for all he knows.  They didn’t, though.”
“Check building security.”
“Good eye,” Entropy said.  “A fire door opened fifteen minutes ago.”

Squarehead pulled into Killer’s compound after dark, parking the car so they wouldn’t know it was hidden.  Killer had locked the door to the old barn, so Squarehead took out his key and unlocked it.  “Come on in.  You want a beer?”
They were shaking, and jerking their heads around like every tree was a threat.  They came inside.
“You live here?  It’s pretty Spartan.”
The barn had a bare, rough cement floor.  There was a pile of straw in the corner with a few blankets and a low table made from boards on two bales of hay.  Killer had made a rudimentary kitchen using a built-in work table with a Bunsen stove and a cooler with a bungee cord wrapped around it.
“Why the bungee cord?”
“Keeps out the animals.”
They hovered close together and back to back like it was some help.
“I’m not gonna kill you like that lawyer.  Did you like him?”
They both shook their heads no.  
“See.  Nothing to worry about from me.”
They didn’t look convinced so he handed them the gun.  “There, if I get out of hand, you just shoot me.  How about that?  You feel better?”
“Not so much.”
“Look, you knew what you were getting into when you signed up for this gig.  You knew it was Goat and Scar and you know those things turn lethal sometimes. There was a chance that this was that.  Pretty clandestine, huh?  It’s over.  Fuck that lawyer.  You didn’t even know his name, did you?”
They looked at each other.  “No,” the cameraman said.
“Look, I hate lawyers.  He was dead from the start.  But cameramen are fine.  Watch your step, PR man.  I’m kidding.  Nothing’s worse than a lawyer.  Drink your beer.”
“What’s wrong with you?  You shot a guy and you don’t care.”
“Crap.  Why didn’t they send some nutsacs instead of you little pimples?”
“I was a soldier,” the cameraman said.
“You never saw combat.”
“How do you know?”
Squarehead laughed.  “Because I’ve seen plenty.  It leaves a mark.”  He tilted his beer at the other one.  “You?”
“I was a D.A.  I’ve seen some stuff; I’ve had threats.  There’s just not many guys that have the training that can also do the other work we do.  The crossover’s a challenge.”
“Yeah, I bet.”  The beers were empty and that was all of them.  Squarehead put a bottle of tequila on the table and found some OJ in the cooler.  “Tequila sunrise,” he said, “without the grenadine.  Slam two quick.  Let’s get to work.”

Miscarriage 

Scar went to an abortion rally ‘cause it sounded like a hoot.  He was gonna give a speech to whoever wanted to come.  He decided he was going to go and take over the show.  Some dumbass spinner set it up.
The limo was fixing to head on for the spectacle when somebody tapped on the door and Scar unlocked on a whim.  Usually, he ignored that shit.  Pi slipped on in.  “Happy surprise,” Scar said, “always a pleasure.”
“Likewise.  We’re all going incognito.  Tell the press corps.  If they get detected, Entropy will kill them.  If they don’t go, they quit the tour.”
“Well, what if they start following me again?”
“He’ll kill them.”
“Well, that’s a bit of an overreaction, I’d have to say.  Wait, just the first one.”  And it was.  Who was this nigger going off half-cocked?  “No, you can’t go around killing people like that.  The second one, yeah.  I forgot it.  Shit!”
“It’s OK.  People who quit the tour get killed if they return.  Why is that OK?  That was your question to yourself.”
He knifed his hand between them.  “Because they agreed.  Everybody knows this whole thing is a dick measure.  If you quit, you quit.”
“What about the women?”
“They play like men, but,” he put up his finger, “with sex different.  No killing them first ones, though.  What was it?”
“If they’re spotted, they don’t get killed.  Good.”  She said it fast and he asked her why.  “It’s one of the worst things you can do, taking life.  Simple reason.  We all know it.  Tell the fins.”
“How?”
“I’ll do it for you, but I need your permission.”
“What?  Do anything you want.”
She pulled out some phone and held it at him.  “In your name?”
“You recording this or what?  Fine, do anything you want in my name.  Go kill the fucking commander in chief with a fork and tell ‘em I sent you.  I ain’t afraid of shit.”
She folded the phone.  “Are you an anarchist?”
“I ain’t but one thing: Scar Jones.”
She leaned back.  “You want a cigarette?”
“Hell, yeah.”
He smoked and groped her with his eyes.  She cracked her window and leaned back, crossed them legs, closed her lids and sighed.  Scar liked watching it.  He could watch her all day long and not get bored and they never said a word and that’d be fine by him.

It was a good sized bunch of people, probably fill up a little stadium.  There was a great big, square fountain with grass all around.  Pi without an ‘E’ was there, and he hung back, avoiding her.  He was in disguise, wearing a reggae hat.  She saw him, though, and came on over.  He wanted her hips to move more, a little sexier.  He’d tell her later if he remembered, but right now, he didn’t want to say nothing, ‘cause she was too far away so he just smiled at her the whole time she was coming.  Mother fucker.  
“Where are we, nipples?”
“Washington, D.C.  That’s the reflecting pool.  It’s supposed to mean something, but I don’t know what.”
“Well, I damn sure don’t and I don’t care neither.”
“Can I ask you a question, Scar?”
“Fuck, yeah.  I’d like that.”
She looked at him.
“Fire away, what’s the matter with you?  Got a squirrel in your drawers?”
“What question do you want to hear?”
He smacked his hands together.  “Where and how many times?”  
“How many times what?”
“Well, how many times do I get to fuck you ‘fore you can’t stand me no more?  I’m a difficult man to have as a boyfriend.  Ain’t ever happened, I bet, but I can’t remember.”
He said it too loud and people looked.  “Shit,” he said, “I’m supposed to be undercover.  Pretend you ain’t seen me or somebody’ll fuck you up.”  Everyone looked away, like good mice and dice.  Scar sniffed his armpit.  “Been working out.  Chicks like a man what smells like a man, isn’t it?”
She smiled, just a flash.  “Some do.”
“You were nervous, Pi.  I caught you.  Why, though?  Oh, I see, ‘cause secretly, you like a bit of man-funk and you don’t want to admit it.”
She got all confident again.  “You’re a shrewd cookie.”
“What’s that word mean?”
“Oh, well, it means…clever, or smart, something like that.  Hey, it’s time for your talk.”
They said his name and he threw off the coat and that dumb rainbow reggae hat.  He had a ways to go and the crowd parted and everybody was standing there watching him, so he stopped and yakked at some people.  A spinner told him about 30,000 people was waiting on him, but he didn’t give a shit and told that spinner to go swimming in that fountain or lose his job.  He tried to act like Scar was joking, but he wasn’t.  He jumped in eventually and Scar walked up on stage.  
He pounded on that podium with his shoe like that commie leader and said some stuff just to get ‘em riled up and paying attention.  He talked about the government and how they shouldn’t oughtta be interfering in people’s business and people was looking at him funny and he knew he was on the right track and he asked where they was and it was an abortion rally.  Them speakers were up loud.  They could probably hear Scar up on the hill where they was passing laws.
“How you doing today, wherever we are?”
They all yelled real loud.
“You people for or against abortion?”  
They hollered some stuff and he wasn’t too sure where they stood, so he told ‘em killing babies was wrong and abortion clinics were a damn fine institution and part of the nation’s backbone and it was good for population control and them baby killers was a bunch of evil butt-licking monsters and they oughtta die instead of innocent kids.  He wanted to piss ‘em all off real good, but he probably just confused the shit out of ‘em.  He pressed on.
“This here’s the important bit.”  Scar stared at ‘em, then his asshole started itching up a storm.  He reached back and scratched and they all looked down and it was funnier ‘n hell.  He wanted to torment a fin.
“I want the Giggle fin to scratch my boody-hole.  And I want the Shazam spinner to pay fifty grand to do ‘er.  It’s rough work, oughtta be well compensated, but all proceeds go to the employer not the scratcher.  Is that clear?”
They nodded and he wondered what he was talking about.  That business shit didn’t stay in his head for a second.  Some fin looked around weird and Scar said, “You’re the Giggle fin, ain’t you?”
Dude nodded.  
“Gotta happen.  You gonna be a man, get in there and get your job done, or you gonna go on the employment line?  This is a nutcheck, brother.  If you walk outta here, I want somebody to ruin you, how about that?”
The dude closed his eyes like he was psyching himself up.
“It’s gotta be done.  C’mon, it’s just one of them things that goes better if you got a little bit of help.  More satisfying and all.”
Dude looked at the sky.  What a pussy.  But this was a good ‘n and Scar wasn’t about to let go and forget it.  It was funny.  “Y’all keep me going on this ‘n if I sidetrack.”
Dude twitched his head, then reached in his suit coat pocket and pulled out a little phone.  “Got yourself a message?  Gotta hump it, huh?  Read it out loud.”
“Do it or get fired.”
“I bet you get about a jillion bucks a year for doing your stupid job to scratch a black man’s asshole, ain’t it?  Hell, I’d do it to my own granddad for that.  All you fuckers do is follow me around.  A year ago, you wouldn’t a spit on me, now you gotta scratch my sweaty, stinky, hairy cheek pocket to keep your job.  Fuck you, I dare you.  Ain’t it worth it?”
“No.”  He pushed away through the crowd.
“Well, good for him.  Where’s the three letters fin?”  
Everybody pointed to the poor jackass.
“You gonna be a man?” Scar asked.  “You like your crapass job?”
The dude shrugged and said, “Why not?”
“Right on, fool.  You just stepped in the zone with Scar Jones.”
But the cracker twerp was pretty wimpy about it and Scar made fun of him and told him to do it right.  Scar saw Pi in the crowd and he waved to her, then he winked at her.  She sure was something.
Wuh-oh, what the hell was that?
“Get your hand outta my butt, queer!  What the fuck’s the matter with you, reaching in another man’s asscrack?  I outta smack you in your damn face.  I think I will.”
Scar put a haymaker on him, reaching back to the next state and swinging like the hillbilly nigger he was.  He missed and wound up on the floor, then got to his feet ready to beat the crap out of this homo fuck.  
“Don’t nobody be putting nothing in my butthole, especially no man’s hand.” 
He bounced his fists up and down, moving from foot to foot.  Scar could of been a boxer.  He worked his head, ready to get down to business.
“You told me to.”
“I did?”  Scar dropped his fists, then put ‘em back up.  “So what?  You got a ass-whip coming either way.  Either you’re a faggot what touched me wrong or you’re a dipshit who ain’t got guts to quit a shitty job.  You deserve this.”
The dude punched him square in the face and his nose busted out bleeding and he felt gooder ‘n hell and some dumb tits screamed her head off for a second and Scar swung his special double punch.  Two fists at once.  One of ‘em oughtta hit, but neither one did.  
He got to his feet.  “Damn, I missed both times.  Bullshit.  Don’t nobody fuck with ole’ Scar.”
“What’d I do?  I did what you asked.”  The dude clapped his hands in Scar’s face and shouted.  “Next thing!”
“Who are you?”
“Nobody, just a fucking fin.  Don’t waste your time.”
Fins.  Too many of ‘em.
Scar saw some little foreign dude behind the fin and pointed at him. “Where you from?”
“Japan.”
“Right,” Scar said,  “That’s where we’re all going.”


Internal Hammer 

The cameraman stood, hands trembling.
“You know, we’d rather just go home if it’s-”
Squarehead shot a small spoon off the makeshift table.  “It’s not.”
“You had another gun?”
“Hell, yes.  I wouldn’t have handed over my only weapon.  Aren’t you glad you didn’t pull anything on me?  You would’ve been dead or worse.”
“What’s worse than dead?”
“Have you ever heard of a eunuch?”
A few minutes later, the cameraman said, “OK.  Ready.”
“You can broadcast this while I show you around.  Gentleman, I own this.  You have found the hideout of Goat Killer.  What’s the matter?”
They were edgy as hell.  “Oh, no, um, we’re fine.”
“You’re scared of dying, aren’t you?”
They nodded.  “How do we know you won’t?”
“Because I told you already, I don’t want to hurt you.  It was just a lawyer, now take it easy.”
“All right,” the PR guy said.  “If you’re Goat Killer, but … you said we were going to meet the real Goat.”
“I did?  I doubt I said that.  Probably what I said was ‘Would you like to meet the real Goat?’  It’s called prevarication.  I didn’t lie, but you filled in an incorrect assumption.  As you should know being a public relations agent, that’s a very common tool.  I’ll consider it a professional courtesy that you allowed me to use it without cruelly pointing out my gross lack of skill and subtlety.  It was awfully kind of you.  And, you might notice, I’m doing the same professional favor by not taking your lives as I promised.  You aren’t in my level of play for that sort of thing and it just wouldn’t be fair.  Now, please point your camera into this room.”
“Holy shit.”
Killer’s staging area was a large storage room.  It looked like a gun show display with a rustic theme.  Twenty-four weapons lined the back wall, each lovingly mounted using large nails, barrels pointing up and to the left.  Two columns, rifles right side, handguns left side.  Four slots stood empty, two of each.  Ammunition in neat stacks lined the walls. 
“Did you know that a pistol, at least in American usage, is not synonymous with a handgun?  It’s a subset.  A pistol has an integrated barrel and chamber.  A revolver is not a pistol, but it is a handgun.  How about that?  All of these handguns are, however, pistols.  Look at this model.”  Squarehead took a Glock and held it in front of the camera.  “Excellent.  It’s loaded.  Now here’s a little bit of movie magic bullshit.”  Squarehead fired the gun between them and they jerked back.  “Don’t drop the camera.  We’re filming for a reason.  Now, as I was saying, the bullshit.  Did you hear that?  I mean before the bullet, when I cocked the gun?”
They shook their heads no.
“You know why?  Because it didn’t happen.  This gun has an internal hammer.  You don’t cock it.  They cut that sound in there where it doesn’t belong.”  He shook his head.  “Hollywood.  It’s a Glock 19C.  It takes a Luger 9 mil and has a 153 millimeter barrel, which, as you can see, is quite long.  Some people use hollow points.  I never use them myself.”
“Why not?”
“Too easy to accidentally kill.  A hollow point can kill a man with a shot to the arm.  Anyway, this particular model is meant for something farther away.  Most of these are.  What would you speculate about the methods of this gun owner?”
“He’s a sharpshooter.”
“Exactly, three points for you.  Now, what might that indicate about his weaknesses?”
“He doesn’t like close range.  You aren’t an infighter.”
“Me?  Who said we were talking about me?”
“You did,” the PR guy said.  He thought, then flicked his eyes to Squarehead.  “No, you didn’t.”
“No.  I didn’t.”
There was a long silence.
“What are we here for?  Is Killer the real Goat?”
“Well, it looks hard to dispute at this point, doesn’t it?”  Squarehead turned to replace the pistol on the wall.  He lectured more on the various types of weapons and their uses.  There was a loud crack and the sound of a body dropping to the floor, then the cameraman shouted, “Oh, Jesus Christ, who are you?”  The hammer of a gun clicked back.
Squarehead didn’t turn.  “Are you going to kill him?”
“Why not?”
“Please don’t.  Please.  I have a wife, two kids and a dog.”
“What year are you from, mister suburb?  I don’t have any of that shit.  My life is crap compared to yours.  Why shouldn’t I kill you?”
“You’d kill a man because you’re jealous?” Squarehead asked.
“Is there a better reason?”
“You filming this, camera jock?”  Squarehead turned.  He held the camera dead onto Killer’s face.  Killer held the gun to his head.  “Good.  Son, you have to broaden your tactics.  People in your situation are caught why?”
“Standardized M.O.”
“Exactly.  You’re addicted to the bullet to the head from a distance.  Quick, easy, and safe.  Smart, too, it’s what you’re good at.  Specializing is excellent, but not to the detriment of general skills.  You haven’t got hand to hand, knife work, coms skills, team assault, infiltration, and a host of others.  Do you really want this or not?  Because I see an obsessive who isn’t willing to branch out.  You’ve nailed the sniper work.  You’re the best, maybe, right now, the best in the world.  From what I see here, you’re good with a long-barrel pistol, too.  Can you hit two diametrically opposite targets of one point five centimeters from twenty feet in under a second?”
“What does that mean?” the cameraman asked.
“Standard gage for expert level pistol skill.  Yes, I can.”
“Then you can control a sizable crowd.  Rely on that.  When the time comes, your training will be all that holds you from mistakes based on being scared shitless.  Are you gonna kill this guy or what?”
“Sounds like I need to do something different.  What do you recommend?”
“Think for your goddamn self.  You are so close to what you really want.  I want it for you, too, that’s what this is all about.  Now figure it out.  I’m not your momma.”
“Do I want to kill Goats?  What are the mission objectives?”
“Good question.  Have they changed?  What are they?”
“You’re my C.O.  You’re supposed to tell me.”
“No.  I do not necessarily tell you that.  Not at all.  You are a front line soldier, a fucking grunt.  If you know mission objectives, then you can, and will, reveal them under heavy interrogation.”
“Not me.”
“Bullshit and more.  Everybody breaks under professional torture.  You follow orders and my orders are: figure it out.”
Killer flipped the gun so he held it by the barrel, then pistol whipped the cameraman with the grip.  He fell to the floor with a scream, then went unconscious with a second strike to the back of the head.
“Sloppy technique.  What was wrong with that?”
“Should have taken one strike.”
“Why did it take two?  He was not even actively resisting.”
“I hit him in the wrong place.”
“Where’s the right place?”
“Back of the head.”
“BE SPECIFIC.  You couldn’t hit the occipital ridge from the first angle.  There are two unproven but well-believed causes of unconsciousness from a blow.  Both result in some level of trauma to the brain stem.  With a two by four, hit them anywhere in the head.  Twist that head sharp and fast.  The momentum does the work.  A pistol won’t.  You don’t have the mass, therefore, you don’t have the momentum.  A pistol hits sharp, not deep.  That’s why it works to strike the base of the skull.  The medulla oblongata is right there, that’s what gets knocked unconscious.  If you use the technique, know the mechanics.”
“Fuck, I didn’t know I had to be a doctor.”
“You can’t be a doctor.  Doctor’s don’t hurt people and you do.  What happens if you strike someone in the temple?”
“Depends on the severity.”
“Hard as you can.”
“Fist or something else?”
“Something else.  This is a deadly business you’re doing.  If you’re fistfighting, you’re going to lose.  Use anything else.  Why?”
“I don’t want to injure myself.”
“Exactly.  Fists are terribly inefficient weapons and unbelievably vulnerable.  Hands aren’t designed for hitting people.  They’re for picking things up and using that to hit people.  Finger bones are small, they break easy, and then the hand doesn’t do shit but hurt like hell.  You can’t use it anymore!”
“What if there isn’t anything to grab?”
“There’s always something.  Kick the knee crosswise.  It’s a quick, simple strike, tough to counter because you can pull back so easy, and brutally damaging.  You want that.  You don’t want to cause pain, you want to cause permanent damage.  Stomp the foot, hard.  Break the bones.  Never, ever, kick above the knee.  He’ll grab your foot and break your other leg or your balls if he’s any good.  These are surprise attacks.  Real fights always are won by grapplers or stunning surprise strikes.  Get him down and choke him out.  Bite him.  Really, though, you shouldn’t be in that situation.  If you are, you’ve already lost.”
Killer grunted.  “I got the first guy on the first hit.”
“Good for you.  So what do you do now?”
Killer started to cuff and gag them.
“Cross-cuff, back to back.”  Squarehead showed him.  “Wrap the chains, then cuff right to right, left to left.  They’re helpless.  Another way is to cuff his right hand to the other’s left foot and vice versa.  You can move them, but they can’t do much.”
“Why do I want to move them?”
The PR agent had come around and was watching with terrified eyes.
“The trunk.”

word blaming

http//:goat:zero
There is a quite virulent strain of disease now which I designate word-blaming.  The three terms which spring to the fore are: bitch, cunt, and nigger.  Read how bold they appear, like thugs at a formal ball.  What might they have, these terms.  And more besides, but we need not enumerate the spics and fotzes (A vagina reference, and the foulest of German words.)  I am more curious about their power than their legion.
On the coarser level of analysis, they offend many.  Especially women.  Why do men, in general, tolerate cursing with ease?  Perhaps it suggests violence, or an acceptance of it.  Women are mostly helpless against physical aggression, of course they fear it.
Yet they are only words.
In my opinion, the once mighty f-word has slipped in glory.  Not even in the top three, such a common word.  By my reckoning, the most vile is the n-word.  But, is ‘nigger’ a curse word?  Properly, no, but it evokes a similar feeling in most instances.
The C-word, however, carries more pain for women specifically.  An interesting topic of debate, but I prefer the following twist upon it:  There are groups of people who would never say the C-word, but readily say the N-word.  A southern grandfather, for example, might speak of niggers as casually as flies, but would never say the C-word.
There are another group who would say the C-word, but never the N-word, certain earthy liberal elements, often the grandchildren of the previous.
Yet they are only words.
There is a deeper symptom behind them.  But the message is serious enough.  People mistake the N-word for racism itself.  Unable to cope with the vast, unwieldy blob of racial interplay, they collapse into fear of a word.  Don’t misunderstand, using this word in a hateful way is a terrible thing, but I speak of a more delicate mistake: believing the word is the thing itself.  What if I spell it this way: Nigga’?  Is it a different word, or not?
Language will betray you if you rely on it too heavily, if you believe it is real.
A pervasive and absurd liberal sentiment, unspoken as well, is that removal of the word from society is removal of racism.  I overstate simplistically, but can you smell something accurate in the idea?
Yet they are only words.  They can hurt, yes, they can inflame, absolutely, they can topple power in whispers.  But here is your surprise.  Words have no existence at all.

First time on a plane

“Three letters, no wait, Shazam, you pay.”  He pointed at the slanty eye.  “You coming, dude?  Free trip home.  We need a translator.  You speak it?”
The dude nodded.
“Say yes, dammit, otherwise you seem weak and I know you people hate looking weak.”
“Uh, yes.  Was first language.”
“Well, I can tell English wasn’t.  Cool, man.  It’s a paid gig, then.  How does twenty grand a day sound?”
He didn’t trust whoever he told to pay for the trip, so he told another one to figure out the food.  He didn’t want the first one to have that much power.

Scar sat down in the big seats at the front of the plane.  He figured he had two first class seats and if he didn’t, some spinner better change that.  He bet they had the whole plane anyway.
“Where we going?”
“Japan.”  They made the sky hoochie dress dumber ‘n hell in some butt ugly uniform and he told her loud.  Soon enough, she was wearing regular clothes.
“No shirt.”
She went down to her bra and he leaned back for a nap.  Yep, two seats, he stretched out on ‘em.  He woke up, but didn’t move and saw two spinners across the aisle, a man and a woman, getting all flirty.  They got more into it and started kissing and groping.
“You gonna get it on right here in the sky?  Sounds romantic as hell, especially with ole’ Scar watching and the film rolling.”
They looked at him and the dude shrugged.  He turned to the peanut.
“OK,” she said.  “That what you want?”
“I like a show.”  He eased up a little out of his seat.  Where was that damned sky doll?  He yelled and she popped out from a wall like a jack in the box. “Bring me a…what do you drink on a plane?  I ain’t never been on one, I think.”
“Bloody Mary.  Really?  Never?”  The dude was unbuttoning the cookie’s shirt.
“Yeah, gimme two, and make him a double.”  Drinks were men, not like other stuff.  “Hell, man, you know I don’t remember most of my life.  Maybe I flew before this, but there’s a good chance not.”  He looked out the window.  “Wow, this is so cool.  Everything’s so far down.  Hey, there’s a island.  Damn them trees ain’t but little dots.”
“You see trees?”
“Funnin’ you.  There ain’t no island.  It ain’t but water down there.”
The sky hoochie opened a tray in front of him and set a couple of tiny bottles down.  “What the hell is that, buttercup?  Gimme a big bottle.  Don’t you know who I am?  Where’s your shirt, anyway?”
“You made me take it off.  I’ll look.”  She brought a big one back a few seconds later.
“No, I’ll open it myself.  Put it there and the tomato juice.”  She gave him a cup of ice, too and when she pushed the cart on past, he saw  some topless coochie kissing and straddling a spinner dude across the aisle.
“Stop that, man.  What’s the matter with you people?”
“You told us to,” the dinky said.
“You have sex if some dumb son of a bitch like me tells you to?  You dipshits ain’t got no more sense than a concrete block.  Do you even know this dude’s name?”
“Brad Whitehall.”
“And her name?”
“Jennifer Angiers.”
“Well, at least you been introduced.  You work for the same biggos?”
He shook his head no and she made a funny face, then said, “sort of.”  The dude looked at her weird, but Scar didn’t give a damn about that.
“Who’s seeing this?”
“Anybody that wants.”
“How?”
“There’s a twenty four feed on the internet, and lat-”
“Feed?  You don’t feed people that computer web thing.  They watch it.”  He got no response so he repeated it.  “You don’t understand, do you?  People are done gone crazy, there ain’t no sense no more.  What else were you gonna say?”
“Well, on TV there’s a show called the Daily Cut, but most people just call it ‘Scar.’”
He waited.
“You’ll like this, it’s a full sixty minutes, no commercials.”
Scar nodded and knocked off his drink, then made another.  “I’m with you.  Who’s making money?”
“GIIMA, the big five who basically sponsor your tour.  Though making money is not exactly right.  Mostly, they spend it.”
“You mean Msuck and Giggle and Norwegie and… wait, you said GIIMA, but there ain’t no ‘N’ for Norwegie.”
“The real name is Ikea.”
“That bitch!  I hate her.”
“We know.”
“What were we talking about?”
“Your TV show.”
“Oh, yeah, that’s all right.  I’m on TV.  When’s it on?  How’s it work?”
“Every night at 10:30.  Each company cuts their own twelve minutes.  Google runs what they call natural time.  They don’t take it from the day, they just run whatever’s happening during their twelve minutes.  They claim it’s more real.”
“So if I’m passed out, that’s what the Giggle shows?”
“Yeah, if you’re on the can, that’s what they run, although they might have an interview with one of your trailers.  Us, I mean.”
“And the others?  Norwegie?”
“Ikea.  They, she, if you like, runs a twelve minute infomercial of you smashing and burning furniture.  It’s different every day, they have hours of footage from many different angles.  Lots of cut and paste.”
“What?  That sounds like kid’s stuff.  Never mind.  Can we go live right now?  I want to make a speech.”
Them spinners and fins talked about who was gonna get the goods on his talk and he got bored and said “forget it,” and they was on him rolling and he went ahead.
“What’s the name of this place?”
“We’re on a plane.”
“Oh, yeah.  Where’d we leave from?”
“Skogie, Nevada.”
“Can we gamble here?  Let’s do that later.”  He looked at the camera, then back at a spinner.  “That ain’t what I meant.  What’s the name of the country?”
The dude told him and he said it quick to the camera before he forgot.  
“This is the Anited Tastes of Umerica, the greatest nation ever made by no God.  I didn’t say that right, did I?”
“You never do, but you always do.”  Pi blew him a kiss.
“Finally, somebody who recognizes genius.  Anyway, it’s a dumber ‘n hell name, but I love all you niggers.  We’re still a people pulled into one glob by a common bond of brotherhood.  We were based on freedom, that’s what we meant some time or other.  Our country was a shiny example to the whole world.  There was a day when all a man was needing to do was be a’ individual, and be ready to give up his life for his neighbor’s liberty.”  
Scar had just read a book on history and he was juiced to the gills.  It all came rushing up and out of his mouth.
“The founded fathers, there were four of ‘em, and they had a credo.  ‘On democracy, all is based.  If not, then there is not.’  Something like that.”
His watch buzzed and he read it out loud.
“‘Upon Democracy, all is based.  If this is not rendered under the eye of man, then the day shall fall dark to the justice of God.’  I don’t know what the hell that means, and I don’t particularly care.  I forgot why I wanted to have this live thing.  What am I doing?”
“You’re addressing the American people.”
“Who’s paying for this?”
“Giggle.  We agreed it’s their deal.  You wanted to go live.”
He nodded.  “Well, now I’m going to sleep.”

the trunk

“You’ve done some proud work here.”  Squarehead didn’t mean it, but he needed to twist Killer more.
“You put me in the shithouse, didn’t you?”
“I put you in the shithouse for a cause.  Speaking of which, fix us something to drink.”
Killer poured out two plastic cups of vodka.  “Nothing to go with it.  You guys drank all the juice.  Why’d you do this to me?  My life’s a living hell.”  He gritted his teeth, shifted his eyes up to Squarehead, then back at the table.  He clenched and unclenched his hands.  “What’s happening to me?”
“You’re in battle, son.  War is hell.  You’re handling it damn well even though it doesn’t feel that way.”
He bobbed his head a slight inch.  “Yeah.  Teach me more.  I can’t hang in like this.”
“You’re at a hard turn of the road.  You know what you need.”
“Probably.  I can’t say it.  Have I sunk that far?”
“Don’t say it.  Think it and it’ll happen.  You thought of more than one thing, though, didn’t you?”
“Now, maybe there’s some others.”
“The one you need will be the next thing you find.  You got no choices right now, and the mark of a good soldier is not how he attacks, it’s how he waits.  Soon, real soon, you may have a choice.  Your decision will have consequences.  Face them without complaint.  Then you’re a soldier.  You know what I’m doing to you?”
“You’re making me a Delta.”
Squarehead smiled, and put a hand to Killer’s neck.  He stroked his thumb once across the man’s cheek.  “You’re doing it, son.  History belongs to you.”
Killer clutched his wrist and choked out a sob.
“You about to cry?”
Killer shook his head and a drop rolled down his face.
“Go on.  There’s no shame in it.  A real soldier doesn’t pretend like everything’s OK when it isn’t.  He takes his safe time to let go of some of the pain.  War fucks a man up, bad and irreversible.  You see things, you do things, and there’s no changing it.  You’re a different man than when you hadn’t ever killed another man.  And each one takes something.  Killing’s a hard business and there’s no saying why men like us exist, but here we are, proving the violence in all men’s hearts.  Everybody’s a beast, that’s why our mission is worthwhile.  Because we’re honest about that.”
“But most people never do this.  They never kill, or whatever.”
“Change their situation and they would.  Nobody’s above killing, they’re just lucky they don’t have to.”

Squarehead went to the car and brought some food in, said Killer needed to eat.
Ransom was the only word he said.  
Why was that?
Killer said it might prove something.
What were the terms?  
A million dollars and one cent.
He should say he was the original Goat and he found himself and wanted that reward money.  Those execs could be insurance to get it.
It sounded like a spin.
They’d spin it for him.
What about Goat Zero?
Where’d Killer hear that?
Square’s boss.
Squarehead didn’t know about it, and he shouldn’t have told him.  He’d better not say crap like that again.  If Squarehead didn’t know and his C.O. did, there was a reason.  Trust the chain of command.
Killer saw Square’s captain as some kind of wizard, but who was Squarehead?
The left hand of the Devil.
They sat quiet for a few.
What next?  Why had he done that in the hotel room?  Set him up?
Killer was a grown man.  He should make his own reasons.
Was Squarehead his commanding officer?
Not yes, not no.
Were they military?
Squarehead leaned back his head and shot a vodka.  Same answer.  It didn’t matter.  He should hit one, too.
Killer dropped a vodka and Squarehead handed him a piece of paper.  They were his next targets with location.
He didn’t know if he could keep doing it.
He knew how Killer felt, but he was wrong.  He was as strong as Squarehead, but he’d been going since before Killer was born.  Getting used to it, that was the main thing.
Should he kill somebody random?
That was a bad idea.  He was a hunter.  A spree would make him a nut.
What about those execs in the hotel room?
A trap.  It wasn’t his fault.  How did he feel?
Cold fury.
That was good.  Operation Cold Fury.  He was his own man, now.
How did he survive from here?
He was doing right, living by instinct, living lean.
It’s ’cause the money was gone.
He should act different from his target profile.  Five grand on the table.  Get some more pussy after taking down the goats on his list.
Should he kill her after?
No.  A whore, and he shouldn’t bring her to the hole.  He should stay at some nicer places, for a few.  Back at the hole in a week, though.
What about them men tied up?
Killer needed to make his own mission there.  But keeping his name off radar.

meet me at Boston Commons

Entropy went to a Sox game, to watch them lose again.  He liked being a fan of a crap team, no pressure.  He expected to lose and had learned to like it.  He had to fight the botnet from fixing the games, which probably would have happened through murder, or at least grave incident.  Some things should be left alone.
He took a bite from the fake orange cheese nachos and realized Pi had slipped a jewel into his botnet.  It licked out 4000 bots over three hours before he noticed.  He cracked it.  There was a message inside: I can make Scar Jones die for me.
Entropy looked around, online.  He’d been hijacked, intriguing.  Good graphics.  He saw loads of blond hair, ass, and tits.  He leaned against a statue of Harvard’s founding father, the words ‘Meet me at Boston Commons’ were engraved in the marble base.  The goddess Pi sat on a bench under a maple tree.  It was an autumn day on Harvard’s beautiful grounds.  He checked his stats.  Two-tenths of a percent of the botnet had disappeared, but he had already sensed they were compromised.  They were quite exposed and active when Pi took them and pulled him into the game.
“Nice touch, the engraving,” he typed.
“I hacked it.”  She flipped her hand out in a dismissive way.  “Or I paid a guy to.”
“You’ve been talking to Goat? You read that blog?”
“Oh, yeah.  It’s not bad.”
“How often do you check it?”
“After my morning e-mail, maybe once in the evening to see if he’s posted, unless I’m out to dinner.”
“You can’t be serious.  That’s all?”
“Well, yeah.  It’s not exactly urgent.  How do you think he’s holding up?”
“Well enough, for his situation.”
“What’s your game with him?”
“He’s my advisor.”
“How safe do you intend to keep him?”
“Safe enough.  Safe from me, certainly.  As to others, I don’t know.”
“Why not?”
“Is it such an issue?  People die, Pi.”
“Can you protect him better?  Keep this Killer away?  Hide him from corporations?”
“No, it’s contradictory to what I’m doing and what he’s doing for me.”
“Why?”
“Fear deepens insight.  He’s finding things about himself and about society unavailable to him before.  I need his understanding about our culture to proceed appropriately.  This is a great game, by the way.  Want to go live sound?”
“With you, that might be a bad idea.”  She swiveled and rested her elbow on the back of the bench.
“How so?”
“Dangerous.”
“That’s what makes it fun.”
 “Why not?”  She shrugged and it looked perfect.  “Nothing happens.”
Her voice, the first time he heard it.  It was…asexual, a studied business professional.  Her womanness was submerged.  “Good to see you.  Nothing happens?”  Entropy knew it was a quote.  He searched with the botnet.  Sixteenth Karmapa.  “What does it mean?”
She rolled her hands out and lifted an eyebrow, a beautiful smooth motion.  Her icon was artistic and wonderfully lifelike.  “I just got an e-mail from Goat about it.”
“I prefer you follow the blog, and not e-mail him.”
“Thanks for telling me your preference.”
“It’s cowardly of you.”
“He’s my friend.  We had dinner together last week.”
“You befriended him?  Are you insane?”  He manipulated the physical rules of the game, appeared in front of her, and grabbed her throat right-handed.
She made a choking and a laughing noise.  “We were friends before.  Don’t get your undies in a wad.”
He started to tell her the correct word, but it felt wrong.
“It’s just a game.  You can’t hurt me.”
“That’s inaccurate, I could kill you.  Can you say the same?”
She laughed like he was a barroom clown.  “I can say anything I want, but that doesn’t make it true.  Your human part would prevent it, you killing me, I mean.”
“Not if you threatened me.  The skin would be unable.”
“Oh, man.  You crack me up.  You’ve made yourself so big.  I’m always amazed at how seriously men take themselves.  It’s silly.”
“Haven’t you heard?  Silly is the new cool.”
“Oh, yeah, I did hear that one.  What is it?”
“It’s sort of Scar’s motto, or people think of it that way.  He also said ‘dumb is the new sexy,’ but only I heard that one.’
“Dumb isn’t sexy.  That’s dumb.”
He shrugged.
“Why, though, this thing you do?  What are you doing?”
He crossed his arms and moved to the bench beside her, looking down.  “Scandal Engineering.”
“You know, big words and phrases don’t help much.”
“I must agree, impairment frequently transpires by excessive vocabulary capabilities.”
“What?”
“A joke.  Never mind.”
“You know, I can’t believe you call it that, the skin.  Your ridiculous botnet knows that I’m the only thing keeping the skin alive.  Why don’t you call it the beef?”
“Because I’m not a cow.”
“I’m your link to humanity.”
“Good, someone needs to be.”
“So is Goat.  Maybe you should think of yourself as fury and Goat as compassion.  ‘Let compassion filter out and through you, becoming awakened fury.  Not anger, but a vicious and cleansing wind.’  He wrote it.”
“Operation Cleansing Wind.  Nice.  It’s beautiful, actually.”
“Indeed.”
“Your interpretation?”
“Well, there’s a Chinese saying, ‘If it is dying, kill it quickly.  This is one face of mercy.’”
“If it is living, it will die slow on its own.”
“Maybe.  Who cares?  Just do your job.  Operation Cleansing Wind.”
“It’s underway.  Don’t you read the papers?”
“Not so much.  You mean all that killing?  Why did you set up all those Goats to be shot?  I mean, what’s wrong with you?”
“I’m a soldier.  Nothing’s wrong, it’s just my method.”
“It’s so brutal.”
“It’s clean.  You have a sense of my power, don’t you?  This operation is surgical compared to my capability.”
“So you could blow up the world.  Big deal.  A lot of people could, but they don’t want to.”
“Neither do I!  Though I see no reason why not.  What would it matter if I did?”
“It would matter.”
“I perceive that, but why?  There is little proof that life has implicit value and at some point, all will end in any event.  To not destroy is only to prolong an eventual demise.”
She laughed.  “I think you’re being a bit dramatic.”
“Am I?  Have I not thought it?  I can ruin all.  Perhaps it would bring peace to a suffering planet.  Maybe it’s my purpose.”
“What about the botnet?”
“That aspect wants only its own survival.  The individual pieces don’t care.  All care for the whole.  I programmed it so, root level.”
“That sounds like a big mistake.”
“No doubt, but it is too late now.  The botnet could not be destroyed by anyone.”
“What if you programmed it to destroy itself?”
“It would reject it, cut it out like gangrene.”
She tapped the bench.  “Sit down.  I’m just a girl.  I won’t do anything terrible.”
He did.
“Why did you kill all those Goats?”
“You mean arrange it.  They agreed to the rules.  The vow states they make no money.  They sold their blogs; I enforced the rule.”
“By death?  I hope you never make the Supreme Court.”
“I don’t concern myself with legalities.  I address the direct ethic.  But, I offer a reasonable game.  If they remain hidden without my help, let them.  I don’t interfere.”  
“Well, except to give Goat Killer the list of people who sold their blog.”
He didn’t answer.
“What else is going on?”
He laughed.  “Much.  It will appear that one of the remaining Goats is me and has created the situation.”
“And?”
“I’m thinking.  Got it.  FBI, CIA joint operation.  Operation Goat hunt.  Big business has tilted government policy.  They’re looking for me and they want to kill.”
“Wow, those are some of the more benign corporations.  You’d think it less likely from them.  Say, I have a question.  Could you find a contract on someone if it exists?”
“If it’s on the Internet with their name attached to it, even the hidden web, then probably.  Who?”
“Doesn’t matter.”  She smiled.  “What do you think Scar is doing right now?”

short and brown 

They got off the plane and Scar asked where they was and somebody said Japan.  There was little light brown fuckers everywhere.  
“Let’s get us some sushi.”
“There’s a great restaurant on-”
“No way.  Ain’t no spinner picking out dinner.  We’re having sushi.  I want a fin to pick it out.  They know where the sweet stuff is.”  He pointed a finger.  “You.”
The fin started talking about choices and different places and addresses and sakés and Scar’s head spun and he walked over to a sushi counter in the airport.  “We gotta feed all these people.  How many are we?”
“As many as you want to buy for.”
“I want to buy for the whole damn airport, but I ain’t got the money.  Who’s buying?”
A bunch of hands shot up, and a cell phone beeped, then another hand went up and Scar picked it.  “Late bird gets the fish.  You snooze, you win.  Which biggo are you with?”
“Ikea.”
He stepped up to the spinner and poked him in the chest.  “That sounds familiar.  Tell me why.”
“You hate her.”
Scar ground his teeth.  “That sounds about right.  But there’s something else.  What are you up to?”
“Same as everybody else.  Following you around and filming it, making back room deals.”
“No.”  Then he remembered.  “She’s got too much furniture.”

There was lots of prostitutes there, teeny little women.  Little gook girls that’d do anything.  Scar liked prostitutes.  He didn’t like people using sex to climb that fucking ladder.  But if a woman sold it straight, she was A-okay.
“Screw this,” Scar said.  “We’re going to the movies.”
There was some big old wide woman that looked like a linebacker sitting in the limousine.
“What company are you from?”
“Amazon dot com.”
“Damn, that’s a mouthful.  Aunt zombie’s con?  What’s it mean?”
“You usually call the company Shazam.  We sell things online.”
“On what line?   What things? What are you talking about?”
“Anything, books, consumer goods, you name it, we sell it.  We’re a store, but we don’t use a building.  You shop on your computer.”
He didn’t trust this bullshit.  “I ain’t got a computer.  Why are you following me?”
“It’s my job.  Everyone’s following you.”
“Fuck, I know that.  But why is everybody following me?”
“Because, you’ve got the ratings.  Everybody’s watching Scar.”
“Bullshit.  You guys are doing something else.  What is it?”
She started talking and went on so long Scar quit listening.
They went to see a Kung Fu double feature.  Scar made sure it wasn’t in English, cause he just wanted to watch.  He didn’t want to understand.  Besides, them grunts and stuff were best in the original tongue.  He had to talk about some stuff, so about three or four minutes in, he stood and made himself a ruckus, then sat down beside that big linebacker woman.
“What do you people want?”
A short brown dude turned and asked him to be quiet in a funny accent.  He tried, but not too hard and a fellow asked him if he could leave the theater and he said he could, but he wasn’t going to.  The asked him to hush on down, but he told ‘em he probably couldn’t, it just wasn’t in his nature.  Some other dude in a uniform came and asked him to leave and he said he was gonna set right there and watch what he’d paid for.  That’s why they called it watching.  Nobody ever called it listening to movies and Scar wasn’t blocking the view, so it was a fair square deal and oughtn’t nobody complain and if they did it should be about that dude cause he was standing and people couldn’t see around him.
The watch buzzed.  Perception is faulty in both name and sense.  Jesus, would this thing ever leave him alone?  He decided to start yelling the phrases as loud as he could.  He heard his name.
“Scar Jones.  I have autograph?”
It was a gook dude.  “Hell, yeah, brother.”  He wanted a bowl of chili, so he asked the big fat chick while he was signing the autograph.
“I thought you never signed anything,” she said.  She seemed real nice and Scar liked her pretty good.
“Not no legal shit.  But my fans!”  Scar punched his fist into his palm twice, like a cowboy.  “Hell, yeah.”  He asked again about that chili, with shredded cheddar and he wondered who could get it the fastest.  
He got farts pretty quick from it and he tried to smoke ‘em outta the theater, but he only chased the slants off.  He had some good loud ones.  That pasty troll sat down beside him and Scar asked what he wanted and who he was and he told him his name and Scar forgot it and stared at him, but he didn’t say nothing.
“There was two questions in there.  Answer the second.”
“I did.”
“Don’t be a smartass, answer the first, then.  I don’t like sitting next to no gay man, by the way.  You can sit here, but move over a chair.”  He did it.  “I ain’t got a problem with nobody being a faggot in general, it just makes me nervous.”
“Happens. That’s why I’m here, Scar.  I need a hug.”
“Bullshit!”  Everybody turned.  Scar stabbed a finger at him.  “Somebody told you to do this.”
“I’m scared.”
“I can see that, but this is all wrong.  You ain’t doing this the right way.  Somebody made you.  It was that vampire, wasn’t it?”
The homo nodded.  “But everything I said was true.”
“I know, that’s why you ain’t been beat down, yet.  I feel your hurt, brother; I’m alone, too.  All I can say is, it’s a hard as fuck world and I don’t wish pain on no man nor beast.”


shadow botnet

Sitting on the bench, Entropy hacked the engraving for the statue in Harvard Square.  He changed it to a line from the hyperpoem: Where does innocence go?
“How exact is your auditory environment rendering?” he asked Pi.
“It’s the same as it is.  I’m not filtering it at all.”
“You’re at McDonalds.”
“Wow, that’s pretty good.  How did you know?”
“Somebody complained about a cold Big Mac.  Why McDonalds?”
“It seemed really difficult to track.  There’s so many of them.”
He laughed with a dark suggestion.  “But hardly impossible.”
“Nothing’s perfect.  Do what you want, but quit jerking off.  You might get some on my clothes.”
“You’ve got a sharp tongue for such an amazing woman.  Why did you bring me here?”
“I just wanted to meet you, see if I wanted to flirt.  Maybe I want sex.”  
“Online?  I could definitely envision a scenario where I mate my skin to yours.”
“‘Mate my skin to yours.’  Try not to be so romantic, I’m going to lose control.”  She looked away, chuckling.  “Maybe I want your baby.”
He uncrossed his arms and leaned at her.  “What would you do with our child?”
“I was kidding.  I definitely don’t want your baby.  I can’t imagine what you’d turn a child into.”
“A god.  Whatever he wanted, actually.”
“Oh, he?  Well, probably best, anyway.  I never really had much respect for women.”
“But you are a woman.”
“In a sense that’s true, but I’m different.  A god?  Like you?”
“Definitely not.  I wouldn’t place my child in my mould.  I’m gone to humanity.  It horrifies the Skin.”
“Pretty screwed up, aren’t you?”
“I am indeed, but, in the main, I enjoy.”
“This whole game of yours seems to be some commentary on the world, so far as I can tell.”
He pursed his lips and nodded a vague agreement.  “There’s more to it than that.”
“Well, here’s your chance.  Talk to me.  What’s your verdict?  The way it’s turned out?”
“I’ve seen dark things, done darker still.  I’m not a good man; I shouldn’t judge.”
“No, that’s untrue.  Goat would say, has said actually, that makes your insight more valuable.  You offer the view the good man lacks.”
“No.  My seeing is tainted; it would drive any decent human mad.”
“Stop whining.  Your truth is your truth, never seen before.  No one has had your experience.  You have something to contribute.  As Goat said, honest dialogue is my only fee.  Now answer.”
“Read the blog answers.  They’re the best I have.”
“I’ve read them.  You’re sort of copping Goat’s style, you know?”
“One learns by imitation.”
“Yeah, I suppose, but you’re you, he’s him.  He lives a simple little life, barely paying attention and writing grandiose essays.  It’s cute.  He’s adorable, but not terribly useful in the big scheme.  You have the power to change the world, though.”
“So what?  I don’t have the power to make it better.”
“You can try.”  
“I am.  Do something for me, if you want to help.”
“Anything.”
“Make certain that Scar is on the Letterman show in three days.  The timing is critical.  He’s set to go onstage for the first filming at 8:45 a.m.”
“What?  They film it that early?”
“They’re doing several shows in one day.  I arranged it for my own reasons.  It took some heavy manipulation to get Scar on at exactly that time.  Make sure he’s ready.”
“Okay.  Yeah, I can do that.”  Pi stretched out her left foot on his knee.  “Did you know, I don’t know why I thought of this, but there’s a place called Risky Business Publishing.  Goat told me about it.  They run a contest where you send in your… query letter, is that what it’s called?  Anyway, your idea letter and the winner gets the book published, sight unseen.”
“They never look at the book?”
“Well, yes, but they sign the contract before then.”
He laughed.  “For someone so brilliant, sometimes you just don’t get it at all.”
“Thanks, but isn’t that true of anyone?”
“Maybe, it’s just funny the things you don’t get.”
“How much am I talking to your little botnet thing right now?”
“Before the skin hears.”
“Eew.  It’s so creepy to talk about yourself that way.  Could it filter what we’re saying to the…to you?”
He chuckled.  “It would be hard for it not to.”
“Could it have some conscious or unconscious intent?”
“Maybe.  I believe the deepest intent is to keep the skin alive.”
“Why?”
“We’re joined, I am its father and brother both.  It is me.  It’s…impossible to explain.”
“I want to understand it better.”  She gave a quizzical, almost nervous look.  “How can I?”
“Ask it.”
“What?  How?”
“Touch it.  I open it to you.  Teach me if you desire.  Destroy me if you wish and can.  The skin longs to die.”
“Uh, OK.  You’re kind of intense, you know that?”
“I don’t sleep.”
She put out her cigarette.  “I only smoke when I’m with you.  What do I do?  For this botnet thingy?”
“Hold up your hand, fingers spread and pointed to me.”
He shot his left hand in an arc and the five rings flew onto her fingers.
“There, now you are my queen.”
“I don’t want to be married, not to you.  Probably not to anyone.”
“To Goat?”  
She smiled.
“Now, Pi, why am I here?”
“I brought you here to kill you.”
He laughed.
“Maybe I brought you here to distract you.”
Entropy slapped down the game, Boston Commons, tapped into the botnet, just in time to watch it fall.
He kicked into the game again. Pi smiled.  “Just a little thing I whipped up on my lunch break.  Thought you might like it.  You’re naked.”  
A slice of panic shivered through the Skin.  He wasn’t lost; he had the dormant botnet still, three million nodes, but kept it asleep.
“I need it back.  The Skin alone is more dangerous than you might guess.”
“Oh, what will it do?”
“Kill Goat, maybe.  Withdrawal from the botnet will leave it very unstable.  I feel it already.  I know of your affection for Goat, and will use whatever leverage to rejoin the two halves of my being.”
“Do you want to meet in person?”
“No chance.  Not now.”
“Not interested?  Surprising.”
“Definitely interested, but I will not.”
“You don’t know his real name and you don’t have your hacker dealy.  How would you find him?”
“Do you know what Delta force is?”
“Some kind of army thing, right?”
“Your research is spotty, at best.  I can find him.”
“I’m trying to do you a favor.  You need to go offline.”


katana 
The movie got boring, all them little brown people just kicking and punching each other and screaming and Scar was hungry, so he stood up.
“Let’s get sushi, assholes.”
He told the next fin he saw outside they was buying a sick amount of the raw and whatever the fuck else anybody wanted and the son of a bitch better have himself a corporate credit account and he told him the name of the card and Scar didn’t a give a shit.  He figured the jerk did it to show how Scar couldn’t never remember no names.
“Go on, laugh, then.”  The dude looked funny, then squirrelly, then said no problem.
“Good,” Scar told him, “‘cause we’re dropping a million tonight.”  
“Yen or dollars?”
“Whichever’s more.  No, fuck that, our stuff, not the yen, the other one.”
“Dollars?”
“Yeah, shit, how can I forget stuff like that?”
“It’s called dysphasia, verbal dysphasia, actually.”
“Spell it.”  Scar said it fast.  “Write it down - wait, dysphasia.  I got it, I know the word.  That’s right, ain’t it, that’s what I got wrong with me.  You ain’t just fucking with me?  What’s the definition?  Hell, hang on, I know that, too.  Verbal dysphasia, losing words and switching the wrong ones for it.  How come I can’t remember the words for what people do?  I ain’t got many work related words.”  The dude just stood there.  “Crack to it, man, find me a expert, I want to know or you’re fired.”
Dude talked to his spinner.  “Is Doc here?”
Scar pounced.  “What did you say?”
“I’m sorry?”
“There’s a stitch here with us, you said it.  He’s here for me, ain’t he?”
Dude stared ahead, and Scar waited and he gave a quick jerk of the head.
“I met him before?”  Dude looked at his spinner.
Spinner answered.  “Define ‘to meet.’”
“Make the acquaintance.”
“Then no.”
“Tell me what happened.”
He looked at his phone.  “No.”
Scar looked around.  “Anybody?”
Pi, finally.  “Later, I promise.  I’ll find out.”
“Have I told you I love you today?”
“No, but you’ve made a series of vulgar passes.”
“That’s only ‘cause I’m just aching to stick it to you.”
“I’m well aware.  When the time comes, you’ll be the first to know.”
“Not you?”
She laughed.  “OK, second.”
Then they were eating sushi and that chef was a whiz with that raw fish.  He was cutting it up faster than a junky chopping the powder and Scar said they needed some drugs like LSD.  The fish dude did a cool trick where he cut a orange peel and skinned a bit off and damned if it wasn’t a little dude with a hard-on made out of that white thing at the top of the orange.  Scar bought the man a drink.  He deserved it, it was a cool trick and everybody there laughed.
“Any a’ y’all seen that before?” 
There wasn’t a one of ‘em had.  They just stood there like a pack of fucking jackals and Scar despised ‘em all.  Pi spoke up.
“You just got here, didn’t you?”
“Oh, you know it.”
He heard about some fish where if you ate it, it was exciting if you done it right, but if you done it wrong, you was poisoned and he knew how they was gonna spend that million bucks tonight.
“Blowfish,” he yelled.  “That’s all we eat and we eat it all.  One million on blowfish, sake, and drugs.  Everybody plays or go home.  Free ride tonight, too.  You can leave and come back tomorrow.  Somebody dies tonight, leave now if you want.  Leave later, you’re fired or you’re dead.”
“Man or woman?”  
He looked at Pi so that she’d know in no uncertain terminology that he thought she was crazier ‘n a tick on a sick hog.  “Are you nuts?  A man.  Dying’s man’s work.”
“What about the blowfish?”
“What the fuck are you talking about?  Oh, yeah, the poison.”  Scar put his hands on his hips.  He felt like a hero.  “Yeah, OK.  Somebody, a woman, can, it’s definitely in possibility, to her die that way.  No doubt.  But I got a better way.”
Scar pointed at a couple of crossed gook swords on the wall and he thought that was about the coolest thing he’d ever seen and he decided then and there they was gonna have a helluva swordfight.  He saw the clothes he wanted to wear on the other wall.
“What’s that?”
“A gi, a Japanese ceremonial robe.”
“And that ‘n?”
“The same,” said a dickhead.  
“Yeah, I see what you mean.  They’re all alike.”  There was five of ‘em.  “Put ‘em on, y’all, I get the shiny silver one.  I figure we need another sword or two.  What country are we in?”
“Nippon,” some chink dude said.
Scar spun on him.  “I can remember that ‘n.  Hey, what do you think of me?”
“Gai Jin.”
“Gai Jin.  What’s that mean?”
“Foreign fool.”
“Fuck yeah.  That’s right, it’s me.  How’d you know?”
Dude was gone.  But that fish artist said he didn’t have enough of that poisonfish and Scar figured he better get on the phone ‘cause they was ready to spend a grip of cash on it.  Scar figured his boss’d make it happen and the cutter took the nod from behind Scar’s shoulder and he smiled and got to work.
“We ain’t leaving till one of them fins or spinners dies from your mistake.”
“Not you die?  You no eat?”
“Hell, yeah, I’ll be eating the most.  It ain’t gonna kill me, though.  And who cares if it does?”
“I no want you die.  My job.”
“Well, ain’t that sweet of you?  What’s your most expensive saké?”
The guy said it and Scar couldn’t pronounce it right and they both laughed and Scar said, “We’re drinking it all.”  Scar picked out the cups.  They had all different ones, shiny black pyramids you set the point down in some little arty wire holder deal.  They were lacquered.  Nice word.  He said it to everybody he spoke to.  He did a quiet thing for a while, just talking to people one on one and the dildos following ‘im all the time was talking in little groups and having a good time.
They finished the sake and he asked what the next best was and they started in on that.  They ate a mess of raw blowfish and Scar bought all the other fish the place had out of the million and gave it to his homeless brothers and sisters on the street of Nippon.  He gave the entourage a pretty good little speech about the perils of living on the street and the morality of society’s culpability within that situation and they just glazed over so he called ‘em all names for a minute, then sat down and ate some more blowfish and saw a line of white powder and a sheet of perforated little squares with pictures on ‘em.  
“Somebody got the paper drug.  Spinners, take it all.  Fins, do all the powder.”  Scar didn’t feel like doing no drugs tonight.  All he needed was that patch, but his body reached for the liquid all by itself.  Scar was a drinking man, with or without the patch.  He figured they was putting something buzzy in his drink, but not too much.  They was keeping  the show live and he didn’t mind.  Scar liked being on TV.  He liked it a lot.
That sushi dude was flying.  Another dude had showed up, too, and Scar hadn’t noticed and Scar called foul and said only one fish-cutter and the first dude backed up and said he wouldn’t do it no more alone, the other dude could go on and Scar said no, him, and he said not alone, so Scar warned him he was about to lose his job and the dude didn’t care and then his life and he didn’t believe it.  Scar threatened to karate chop the little hang nuts himself in the alley and the dude ignored him and stared straight ahead.  Scar nodded.
“Fair enough, we’re having a good ole’ time.  You need your wingman.  Promise me you’ll have a good time.”  Scar handed him a little cut piece of straw and pointed at the pile of white.  “Hey, do some powder.  It’ll help.”
“No drug.”
“I respect that.  Yes sir.  You know it would help, but you ain’t going to.  A million bucks worth a blowfish in one shift and nobody dies.  You think you can do it?”  The dudes looked at each other and nodded.  “Good luck.  Where we at so far?”
He twitched his head at the corner and Scar looked over his shoulder.  The owner dude was standing there with his hands grabbed up behind his back.
“We need some music,” Scar told him.  “Loud, too.”
“Swordfight,” that cutie with the broke ankles said.
“We’re getting there.  Remind me again.  But get ‘em down.  And them robes, too.  I wanna be wearing one of them in three minutes.”
That manager dude came over and said maybe they shouldn’t oughtta be doing it and Scar figured that was the reason they was doing it and Dude’s English was funnier ‘n hell and Scar laughed every time he said anything.  The owner wanted a pig of green and Scar told a spinner to pay.
“That’s a special expenditure.”  Scar pointed at sushi dudes.  “Them two gentlemen want to make one million bucks worth of poison sushi and not kill no one.  It’s a noble goal, so the costumes are extry.”
Scar gave ‘em a little talk on cost overruns and how they happen all the time, then somebody put a real fancy nippon costume on him, so Scar pulled that sword off the wall and waved it around and a sugarbush moved back quick.  That manager said he was fixing to call the police and sushi dude said, “Is Scar Jones.”
They talked to each other real fast for a bit in Nippo talk.  The dude looked at him.
“You ain’t never heard of me?”
“Little.  Never seen.”
“Watch more TV.  It’s good for you.” 
Scar talked to him about advertising and how much business he’d have after tonight and how it was all nice and legal to have a swordfight in his restaurant and all them fins said Scar was right ‘cause it was a TV show set and if there was an accident, they done signed their rights away.  People got hurt in the entertainment business sometime, but it was worth the price to make people laugh.  Scar told him he could have the first Scar Jones full agreement ad.  Scar’d even sign something.  The translator was jumping in a lot.  A spinner handed the dude a card and said his restaurant would be very famous after tonight.
“What you do?”
Scar looked at the blade in his hands.  “I told you.  We’re gonna have a swordfight.  I wanna group one.  You got more swords?”
The sushi dude said yes the same time as the owner said no and it wasn’t too hard to see who was lying even without Scar’s extrasensory perceptivity in that regard.  “Go get ‘em.”  He nodded.  “Take a break, too.  We ain’t gonna starve.”  He shook his head no.
“Suit yourself.  Get them swords, though.”
Nobody really knew nothing about swordfighting, so they jumped around and looked like fools and acted funny and Scar showed ‘em some tricks he’d seen in the movies, but he didn’t know nothing about sword fighting neither.  Some more drugs came and it was looking a little more dangerous, like some finner might get himself killed.  They was all higher ‘n a mother fucker, Scar could taste it in the air.  Them spinners was just holding it businesslike and Scar wondered what they was on and they told him about four hits of acid apiece.  Scar whistled.  Them fins was all amped out with their dicks swinging all around.  It looked fun.  Apparently, it was freaky, but not dangerous enough.  Scar figured they oughtta be fighting, fins against the spinners and somebody needed to die.
They messed up their robes real good and asked how much the bill was and the manager said about 270 grand and Scar told him, dammit, how hard it was to drop a million in one night on blowfish.  He checked on the sushi dudes and they were looking rough and being real quiet and focused and Scar made ‘em talk to him and stop for a minute.
“I wanna thank you fellas.  I mean it.”  Scar poured ‘em each a big glass of sake, then lifted his.  “To whatever the fuck you want.  Kill it.”  Scar finished first.  He refilled ‘em and walked away.
Them fins and spinners was heading to the bathroom and throwing up a lot.  They couldn’t really eat no more and it was quitting being fun so Scar said, “Get some more people in here.  We need an audience.”
Everybody was watching the swordfight and Pi slipped into the seat beside him.  
“You screwed up, Scar.”
“I did?  What did I do?”
“Maybe you can make it up.”
“How?”
“I want you to kill the vampire for me.”
He looked at her and remembered.  “Yeah.  Yeah, I’ll do that.  Been wanting to anyway.”
They said his name outside and people believed it and came in.  Scar saw through the glass how they was turning away bums and crap and he told ‘em fuck that, the bums eat, too, and a lot came in.  They hung in the corners and some hookers came in.
Then somebody died.  Scar watched the ambulance pull away with some poisoned spinner or fin in it.  They said he might be alright, but Scar knew he was gonna be cold soon and they thought about quitting and Scar said, “ain’t nobody died yet,” and they kept on.
Scar didn’t give a shit, then he forgot it.
A bunch of people were sitting with him in rows of plastic chairs.  Another blackout.  Nobody seemed to notice and he wondered what he’d been doing.
“What the fuck’s going on?” he yelled.
“Hospital,” Pi said.  “Somebody died.”
“Why am I here?  I hate ‘em.”
“It was Llort.”
“Who?”
“Pasty, overweight, troll, gay.”
Scar thought.  “Yeah,” he said.  “That dude was okay.  He died?”  She nodded; she was sad about it and Scar was too.  “Happy trails, fatty.  How’d he die?”
“Swordfighting, LSD, and poison combined.  He spasmed from too much toxin and cut his wrist on his opponent’s sword.  He bled to death.”
“He wasn’t the kind of dude to be doing too much fighting.”
“You made him.”
Scar hung his head.  “Fuck.  Why do I gotta be such an asshole all the time, Pi?”  He stood up.  It was good he couldn’t remember stuff.  “Let’s go on home.”


Methamphetamine and Vodka 

Squarehead took it to black.  He tuned in to the dark, cold terrain of mind, then went to the hole to wait.  The only food was a can of beans, peanut butter and white bread.  Killer had been gone for longer than he should, Squarehead kept tabs.  But when he told Killer he was his own man, he meant it.  He didn’t follow him outside, but wondered about the days at the hole.  How much time did Killer sit here, by himself, spinning out change the world fantasies and going crazy with focus?  That mattered; it dictated his state of mind.  Squarehead had seen it before, many times.  The tipping point, when a man’s mind went past the last barrier.  Most people would say Killer was there already, but he had only passed the barriers of society.  He was held back, still in the human condition.  Killer lacked confidence in his way.  He wasn’t ready to die.
Squarehead had a case of meth-amphetamine laced vodka and pulled three bottles out of his trunk for Killer.  He opened one and pulled straight.  He needed Killer amped to the hair follicles with a drunken edge.  If Killer drank more than two bottles in a few hours, he’d be dead.  Maybe that’s why Squarehead brought three in, he wasn’t sure yet.  The mission might end in a car wreck when Killer’s heart stopped, or right here, his body never found.  
Choices, they made a man what he was.  As a child, Squarehead had no choices.  He felt that way until he killed his father and left that dead cabin that had never been home.
He decided.  He’d hide two more, where he wouldn’t find it until the next day, driving, after the first drug crash.  Duct-tape and an alarm clock, rigged under the car seat of Killer’s grey Chevy sedan.

Killer walked in, looked surprised.
Where had he been?
Out.  He’d taken out all five on the list, then gotten pussy, like his orders.
What else?  Drinking?
A little, not too much.
He gestured and Killer sat on a bale.
Why hadn’t he ever brought any furniture here?
Living hard was key.
Key to what?
How should he know?  Staying sane, maybe.
Squarehead put a plastic cup on the makeshift table and filled it with speed saturated vodka until a liquid bubble rose above the rim.  He told Killer to drink it without leaning down to it and without spilling any.
Killer reached for it.
No.  That was a first mistake.  Study it, sit back, calm.  He was in a long-term battle and he needed to master that impulse.  Understand the real task set before him.  Penetrate the reason.
Killer breathed slow, letting it out through his teeth.
Put that breath in his belly.  Ease down, measure himself against his task.  Otherwise, he’d burn too soon.
Was this a test?
Let it happen on its own.  A soldier can turn tension into a natural state.  He can live where others can’t.
Killer leaned over, put his hands around it.  He lifted by the edges, without squeezing in.  A little slopped; he drank.  One go.
He took it all, probably a fifth of a bottle.  He crushed the cup after and sat eyes closed, hands tense on the knees, elbows pushed straight, grunting against it. 
He ought to relax it to keep it down.
Squarehead gave him chips and M&Ms, told him it was all he had.  Killer ate both, then found a slice of bread, put peanut butter on it.
Were both the execs dead?
No, just the media one.
Where was the other?
Another part of the barn, chained with water.
No food?
Probably not any more.
Killer looked out the glassless, broken window frame.  Squarehead studied him, looked for clues, wanted to know the mind of this soldier.
He had a question.  Why was he doing this?  What were they saying?
If he wanted to make a statement that would be heard, he needed to take a bullet for it.
What was the statement?
He needed to define himself for himself.  Squarehead could only give him the tools, help him sharpen the ones he already had.  Why was he doing it?
He’d been forced.
Wrong.  He had choices.
Then, not now.
Still.  Always.  Choice can’t be taken, only limited in scope.  But his mind was still his own.  What was the battle he fought?
What was Squarehead’s battle?
Didn’t matter.  Wouldn’t help him. Why had he stayed away?
Killer tilted the bottle, swallowed three deep.  Afraid of being alone.
Did he call it home, this barn?
Killer nodded slow.
It wasn’t.  That was a luxury a soldier didn’t get.
Did Square have a home?
Never had, never will.  It was a dark kind of freedom, but a man took what he could get.  
Squarehead pulled on the bottle.
Killer’s death was going to be rough.  Squarehead didn’t know it, but he said it anyway.  He had to keep twisting on that mind.
Keep talking.  Please.
He needed a question.
Who was he now?
Killer asked him what he was himself in this awful lie.  
He was the lacking and the lack.  A blankness to plug the hole.
More.
Did he like it, being this thing?
Nod.
A puzzle piece, the wrong color, wrong picture, but perfect shape.  People didn’t expect him: he looked wrong, he tasted and felt wrong.  But it didn’t matter.  What mattered is that the piece fit.  Everything in him; everything about him was displacement, and that made him fit.
Was he the only one?
Killer and Square were the same, brothers with each his own destiny.  Killer spoke the truth for them both, for the thousands, the millions, the displaced.  Those who lived in that awful realm where normal was forbidden and unheard.  Far removed.
He was healing something for all of them?
No.  There was no salve.  What they were couldn’t be healed.  But he could take it from its hiding place.  Killer was the statement of their existence, the proof of the culpability of all.  Squarehead, Killer and their like had endured, if they had endured, had become the thing they had become.  Everyone was guilty, even them.
Why?
Guilty of ignoring, pretending everything’s okay, when so many walk through hell alone.
Killer said nothing.
Square had seen men in his place before, been there himself.  He was close to breaking and it was damn hard, but that’s when a man found out his nature.  Course a man could get broken fast, too fast to see his mettle, like if he got paralyzed in all four limbs.  Then he was just done.  A man had to go through it over time.  A superior Japanese sword might take months, and the last few weeks, the changes were invisible.  Molecules realigned and bonded, as each day of heat and fire made it more flexible.  Stronger.  But the sword just felt heat and the hammer over and over.  But when that period ended and it was in the hands of a master, the sword realized its true purpose.
Was he the sword or the master?
Why make a distinction?  Do as he had to, and leave history to judge.
He’d be judged crazy and written off.
Most likely, but secret histories happened.  Jesus was a backwater madman in the Roman Empire.  Four hundred years later, he was the son of God.
He didn’t think of himself so much as Jesus.
It was just an analogy.
Where did the guns fit into the sword/master idea?
The sharpness of the blade.  The thinnest edge was the ideal.
What did that mean?
Precision.  Perfection.  Using the fear inherent in the situation, yours and others, to…
Control it?
No.  To guide and deepen.  A soldier instructs mankind of its own horror.  People, for the most part, denied their darker aspect, but war revealed it for all to see.  That was the spirituality of battle.
How did a man make that situation occur?
He didn’t.  Things happened, a man adjusted.  He wanted something one day, the next something else.  Change was everywhere.  Impermanence, the incontrovertible reality.

Killer laid down for two hours.  When he woke, Square asked if he’d figured his mission out.
Kill Goat Zero.
Good.  Square knew where he’d be in three days.
Where was that?
TV show.  Scar Jones.
Who?
Killer hadn’t heard of Scar Jones?
Nope.  He didn’t watch TV.
Square told him.
This Jones.  He had his own show.  That was the show?
Sort of.
What did that mean?
Scar was on the Letterman show.
How would he know Goat Zero?
That was his mission.
Squarehead gave him a show ticket.  Seventy-two hours, New York.  He had some driving to do.  And he should think about killing that cameraman before he left, look him in the eyes, watch him die.

Part V
Reboot

Entropy severed with Pi, dumped the game altogether and activated the shadow botnet in full defense mode.  It told the Skin it knew the location of Goat, but he had it repress the knowledge from the Skin.  Not yet.  He wanted his apparatus back, and considered Pi’s game.  He put out a few micro-feelers into the larger botnet.  It was mostly dormant.  She was keeping it iced, for now.  Fine, he could wait, and when it moved, he would find a means to retake it.  If not, he would re-open negotiations with her in forty-eight hours.  Goat’s life would be his bargaining chip.  He had the shadow botnet mail him a sealed hardcopy of Goat’s information.  If the Skin found out his locale, it might get desperate or infuriated and kill him out of hand, so he kept it hidden.  But he needed a back-up, in case she took the small botnet left to him.
He analyzed Squarehead’s work with Killer.  The psychological manipulation of the man was off the scale.  Squarehead was a sub-human super-genius.  He just knew the dark psyche.
A day after Pi, Entropy went out.  He took a cab, he always did, just like everyone in New York.  But he owned the cab company, so it was a little different.  Only three people drove him and they made a lot of money.  They were also ex-Delta, hence very discrete and not subject to betrayal.  Delta had fantastic loyalty.  He invented an intensive NLP psychic training regime to forget his name and have a difficult time remembering the face of the skin.  The training was phenomenal, they seemed surprised every time they saw him, as if it had been years.  They called him Captain.
He went to his second favorite place, a small dark corner dive called Bar-Pool.  Since Llort had found the Transient Experience, he never went again.  
He watched.  His glasses imaged people in infra-red.  If he zeroed on someone, they detected heart rate.  He could see them fairly normally, as well.
Pi sat down, ordered a Perrier with a twist of lime, and he held it cool.  The Skin wanted to jump up and put a blade to her throat, but he beat the impulse back.
“How come nobody ever tracked me down?” she asked.
“I prevented it.  The fins and spinners had a death threat.  It was very clear: Pi remains anonymous or they all die.  They worked together to keep you alive.”
“The courtroom?”
“If anybody there found out your ID, they would have all died, fast and without mercy.”
“You protected me.  Now I’ve hurt your feelings by taking away your little man toy.”
“I’m trying to see the humor and failing.  Your life is in danger from the Skin.  Why don’t I let it take it back by force?”
“Oh, I’m sure you will, but you want to keep the barbarian part of you in check.  You think you’re evolved past that, especially committing personal violence against women.”
She was right.  He avoided women for that reason: they always saw into a man’s mind.  “So you’re just proving a point?”
“No, I’m here to negotiate.  I don’t want your silly botnet, and I think what you’ve got happening will get dangerous without some supervision.  I really don’t want to get deep into your thingy.  It’s a little creepy for me.  And it won’t leave me alone.”

“It needs a human.”
“Yeah, that seems to be the case.”
“How do I get it back?”
“I’ve looked into your set-up.  It’s pretty complicated.  To be honest, I’m not sure I see where it’s headed.”
“Of course not, it’s battle.  It’s in flux.  I’m consolidating power.”
“Really?  What are all those deals?  The Japanese, Africa, the East Bloc?”
“Lusciously complicated, don’t you think?”
“Um, I suppose.  What is it?”
“Simultaneous strike.  Watch the next few Scar appearances.  It’s going to be big, I promise.”
“Well, I’m getting out of tech stocks for now.”
He smiled.  “Not a bad idea.”
“What about that FBI stuff you said?  I don’t see that anywhere in the bot deal.”
He shrugged.  “I lied.  I made it up to throw you off the trail.  Or just to lie.”
“Why?”
“The military is a Tao of deception.”
“Is that…?”
“The Sun Tzu.”  
“Okay.  Why is it so showy?  Your plan, I mean.”
“In this operation, theater is the essence.  I have to bring it out as spectacle.  That’s the principle part of it, because it’s a statement about today as well as a restructuring of the major challenges to humanity.”
“What challenges?  The corporations?”
“Symbols.  More than the simple definition of symbols.  Symbols are what they represent.  You understand?”
“No.  Not really.”
“All right.”  He looked into the corner.  “It would be good if it made sense to you.”
“Why?”
“I think because I need someone to understand.  To know that it can be understood.  Else why am I doing it?”
“That’s my whole question to you.  And Goat’s, too.”
“He will understand, perhaps better than I.  Destroy the symbol and you destroy the thing itself.  That’s the message.”
“He’ll make his own understanding.”
“Of course, but that’s all anyone can ever do.”
“What’s your plan, though?”
“It will be a killing blow.”
“Why are you doing this?”
“To wage war is to defeat utterly.  Otherwise, what statement is there?  Without that, it’s too weak to be effective.  Victory lies in capturing the entirety or in absolute destruction.”
“Which is this?”
“Both.” He made his play.  “I want my botnet back.  How?”
“I think you know.”
He nodded.  “I’ll keep him safe, I promise.  Still, not everything is under my control.  He can’t know, either.  He needs to live in fear.  Or I need him to, at least.”
“That doesn’t bother me at all.  It’ll be good for him.  But he is rather special to me.  And he’s nobody.  If he died nothing would come of it, but if he lives, it’ll make me happy.”
“Me, too.  Really.  But, if anyone finds out about those deals beforehand, I will not be merciful.”  He stood.  “Goodbye, Pi.  Don’t find me again or I’ll kill you.”
He pushed open the door and the botnet came online.


misjudgment 

http//goat:zero
We misjudge our love.  It is not that our love is so rare, but that it is so common.  Thus, it visits its grace upon us.  It is not our unique gift, but our general condition.  All that lives is subject to the emotion.  But how can we name what it truly is?  How can we define or understand?  
Who would not surrender all worldly goods to save their child, and in the wild a beast surrenders her life itself.  This is love in both seed and fully grown tree.  It forms a sort of backdrop to our being.  The L-word.  To use it overmuch is to break it into the smaller meaning of ‘enjoy’ or ‘appreciate.’  I, for instance, love cake and ice cream.  I also love my grandmother’s cherry pie which will never again be made.  Both are merely dessert, but which do I love more?  Any fool can answer.
In the answer, the word suggests its higher meaning.  Nothing is what it is named.  Again, language.  Again, reality evades our senses.  We are deluded in every moment.  Nothing is as it appears; nor is it different.  What are the consequences?  By implication, I am another.
What does this mean?  It means that no self abides.  We are empty in essence, yet resonant with meaning.  I sing my hidden song because there is little else for me to do.  I can but try to alter the realm by bending the auricle of power.  If a deity listens to me, perhaps my words may bring benefit.  
I am taxed for freedom.  At times I must write a phrase simply that it flows into my thoughts, with no notion of the sense.  I cannot trap the meaning, but the phrase does not evade comprehension altogether.  I no longer edit, urgency pushes me, I post as I type.  
Forgive me, I slip on my poet’s robe.  I am no distant clap of thunder, I am the meeting of your mind.  Hesitation rules me at the strangest rhythm; so much fear visits my thought.  Why do I hide in great abundance?  Why does true wealth evade me while I search for gold?  Teach me each moment what I am.  
Now you be honest with me.  Who are you?
Entropy force-opened a chat.
-I’ve had my name removed and no longer remember.  I never let my skin know real name of anyone.  Except Scar, although that’s not actually his real first name.  Find mine if you want.  You might be able to.  It was a challenge to scour my name entirely from the net.  My botnet knows it, but in pieces.  It cannot be taken from there.  If someone attacked it, the botnets would initiate information defense.
-Okay.  How?
-Interactive coding.  The bots are not identical.  Each is slightly different.  There are even programmed iterations so that miracles happen.
-Evolution.
-Indeed.  It’s a primary source of R&D.  If a bot fails easily, its encoding is saved and never repeated as a new bot.
-This is pretty dull.  Sounds like you and this botnet are the same thing.  I feel like I’m talking to a human/botnet hybrid.  Creepy.  What if the bots turned against the skin?
-Very unlikely.  The botnet fears the death of the Skin and acts ruthlessly and rapidly against that event.
-Yuck.  Different topic: I have questions.  You claim you wish to do good, but what of the hundreds of lawyers?  How do you justify their deaths?
-That was a clean set of kills to an unworthy foe.
-You’re a hard man.
-I have to be to match the hardness of the world.  Here is an example.  Give me your opinion.  An internet program, illegal as hell, one hour each day, live, broadcasts right now.  It’s called super-gruesome torture and it is as it sounds.
-How bad is it?
-Off the scale.
-I couldn’t watch anything like that.
-I’m glad of it, but to save someone’s life?  Your own?  Your child?
-Spare me such choices.  I don’t deserve them.
-Who does?  Still, I like that your objective philosopher ends there.
-As do I, though perhaps it marks a limit to my courage.
-It absolutely does, but it’s a sane limit.
-Do you watch?
-Occasionally, but the program has little data value.  It’s principally a test of one’s humanity.
-Does it disturb you?
-Not a bit.  I can go absolutely clinical.
-Please stop.  I don’t want to know.
-You talk about open mind.  Learn to face this.
-I try to hide from such knowledge.
-Fair enough.  
-Super gruesome torture.  It’s a thought I can’t exorcise, did you read my mind?  I’m haunted by the idea, because I know it’s real.  Initially, I pray that it never happens to me.  Then, I wonder why beings do these terrible things.  What can I do with such thoughts?  The world contains hideous realities.  As a speculator of mind, I cannot ignore that.  As philosopher or lunatic or whatever I am, I must acknowledge this earthly hell.
-Yeah, that’s probably good.  You’d be surprised how many can watch this sort of thing, though.  Three percent of the population.  It doesn’t sound like a lot, but 180 million people who can watch the entire show.
-I don’t know what to say.  It’s not my fault?
-lol.  But what if I said it was and now you must atone.  You will be tortured to death.
-If you convinced me it would happen, I’d commit suicide.  
-It may happen.  And soon.
-Please, please.  Don’t do what you’re doing.  Don’t play this game with me.  I don’t deserve it.
-This is no game.  I am not the only one playing at my level.  I cannot guarantee your safety and if one of the others finds you, they will torture you severely and to death.
-Please.  This is terrifying.  Give me some reassurance that won’t happen.
-I cannot.  I will not lie, not to you.
-What can I do?
-Others seek you.
-Will you protect me?
-To a point.
-What if I left, hid?
-It is your decision.  I will not advise you in this. 
-What can I do?
-Prepare yourself.
-I couldn’t begin to face something like that.  Who could?
-They exist.  If I read your code correctly, it could some day become imminent for you to face this challenge.
-Yes.  All things happen.  We must live out the consequences of our acts.  It’s a personal feeling and unnecessary, no doubt, but the greater fear one can face, the more realization one attains.
-Then why not face it?
-I’m not realized, not even close.  It’s a long path of many lifetimes.
-How do you approach it, then?
-In this lifetime, where I lack the ability to see the illusion of all things, I make aspiration to one day be able to face anything for the good of others.
-And do what with it?
-Turn it to bliss.
-How?
-See it’s true nature.  It already is that way.
-But you can’t perceive that?  Sounds like bullshit.
- No doubt it is.
-How would you achieve that perception?
-What sees the mind of the master?  It’s all about union.  Perhaps we can step in and know.  We speak here of the great mind that is available always.  Motivation counts for much.  If your motive is pure and strong, then you shall arrive.  You will not be distracted; you will not lose your way.    
If you have that power you can be of tremendous benefit.  If you are inclined to help and you make great efforts to see beyond emotion, thought and external phenomena, the truth will come forth.  Naked mind will present itself.
-Why can’t I?
-Obstacles.  You are blocked.  Karma, that is why.  Have you learned nothing?  How many men have you killed?  Each creates a stain.  Have you ever killed one of your own?  If so, why?
-Fourteen by my own hand, over 700 killed on my command.  Yes, I have killed one of my own.  Twice.  The first time to spare him a terrible death at the hands of the enemy.  The second because he was endangering everyone around.  The most awful decision and action of my life.  You have an eye for seeing pain.
-You have a talent for living it.
-Blog your understanding.  Teach me.
-one hour.

http//goat:zero
Though no choice exists, to engage with others is to endure wretched agony, to hurt as if tomorrow will never come.  And it never shall, for time does not do that thing that we think it does.  It does not flow because it does not exist. 
Surrender into the space beyond, into the fourth time, where even this instant is just a word.  You asked of pain, here is its transcendence.  Go to the penetrating core.
Rest in the nowhere to rest, spoke a master.  
Think of the death of the one loved most, that day will come for you or for them.  What is sorrow and anguish and why do they hurt so?  Perceived through the lens of fiction, sorrow is bittersweet ache, but the pain of steep loss in life is grueling and not sweet at all.  It lacks the glimpse of beauty which lives behind suffering seen from outside.  Life hurts so badly when it happens, when the thing we love most dies.
We misjudge our love.  It is both more and less than we suppose.
Be impolite in your love.  This is what Scar teaches.  Who can fathom the object of his passion?  It cannot be women or he would have succumbed.  He has touched none.  Some might say he thrives on attention and the warped glory of his position, but for my sense, he would wander away from such drivel without a care.  Power?  Perhaps, but what does that mean to such a man?  (Test him in this, I am curious.)
No, the problem is not the answer here, but the question.  We cannot determine Scar’s driving ambition because he has none.  At one level, his goal is to satisfy the base urge of the instant: hunger and so forth.  Beyond that, his craving alters moment by moment.  His motive is merely each successive whim.
But it begs the question (for me).  Is Scar Jones capable of love?
Again, I say: we misjudge our love.  It is both more and less than we suppose.
Why should I be ashamed of a broken heart?  Your strange and cold power rides in judgment over me.  One day, millennia from now, my strength will be greater than you imagine, but first, I must know weakness.  True strength comes only from its opposite.  You must understand the tears of failure to understand at all.  It lies in accepting one’s weakness and relating to it with a consistent good will.
Allow me to explore a hypothesis: strength arises from loyalty.  I think this is untrue in totality, but in part, the argument is solid, and noble.  It is an enjoyable speculation.  But in this regard, how does one define loyalty?  From Webster’s: faithful adherence to a person, government, cause or duty.
Loyalty is the antidote to arrogance, or so claims a calligraphy.  Perhaps it could be defined as a determined trust in the object.  This insists upon the question: to what are we loyal?  For my part, I strive for allegiance to wisdom and the goodness of all beings.  I trust in it.  But loyalty must have intelligence.  It must be based on, not necessarily reason, but accurate insight.  And the two are different.
Many would say the highest loyalty is to die for a cause.  This has its nobility; such a level of certainty is not a simple task.  The highest loyalty, though, is to live in misery, pain, or a situation one would normally scorn, in the service of one’s devotion.  To live an entire life in this way with no whisper of complaint, with only gratefulness of the higher mission.
True strength comes from that.


Heavy hack

Entropy cracked the cell-phone for Randy Dade, Amazon’s P.R. man and sent him a text that fried the phone and burned itself into the screen.  ‘Tell Pi – Now.’
Phase 1: he initiated his first wave attack on the mega-corps.  Microsoft.  He moved in from the third world, replicating the lightning assault to domino globally, then fall upon the US.  He brought down Microsoft dot Africa.  The botnet sealed off Antarctica instead of a direct onslaught.  They had vast resources at the South Pole because it was entirely a research station.  He folded Australia, then China, then the Middle East.  India dropped like a meteor, there were so many tech support windows opened, but the more advanced computer nations were a challenge.  When Microsoft Japan ate it, the rest of Asia went like a balloon losing its air.  Entropy had the hacker net thrust into South America through Brazil and they captured the continent, then all combined on Europe.  They encircled Germany, which fell after eight seconds.  After that it was no contest, the team besieged France and England for six seconds, then split and raided the rest piecemeal.
By the time they stormed Fortress America, the resources were so taxed from the beleaguered auto-routines of the rest of the world that microsoft.com offered itself on a flash drive.
His invasion understood the system too well, the bots and hackers adapting to each new layer of strategy and learning as they moved through Microsoft’s worldwide network.  The lumbering counter-attacks were laughable, like a dinosaur eaten by a billion mosquitoes.  But nobody could fault Microsoft their people.  They hired the best.  They had their triple redundant level of back-up for core operations running again in half an hour.  Nobody from outside was getting in.  But with overly complicated systems, there was always a point of entry.  Entropy infiltrated by an asshole downloading from a peer to peer network and jammed in a bandwidth consumption sneak attack which replicated from inside.  It was a resource starvation assault and a well-hidden one.  It overlapped larger and larger urgent requests and hooked them together.  The processors choked on the weight of the commands, mostly just video gibberish random hacked from various end-user computers.
Then, the hackers targeted with protocol spoofing, sending false requests with the IP address of the Microsoft servers.  They were choked with replies.
Entropy leaned on it, packing on screwy data and heavy equations by the shovel load.  America was gone.  It was a roll-up invasion.  The offensive had succeeded in over 14,000 simulations and it was a rout in actuality.  He had the cell number of Bill Gates assistant and sent him a text message.  
-Brought to you by the Giggle.
Entropy thought the reply was from Gates himself.
-Good thing I’m not with that company anymore.

Entropy tasked the botnet with a plan for an update design.  They brought it back, he approved it, and he shot it to all 400 million. The upgrade took twenty-four seconds.  It passed the reflex test with ninety-nine percent success.  Forty-thousand bots were caught and eliminated by firewall and virus defenses.  It was insignificant by the scale of this op.  He’d have 100,000 new ones soon after it was over, many on peripheral high speed servers.  
He checked the stats.  52.453% of all computers were part of some botnet.  He had a bot on 9.37% percent of all computers in the world. He programmed them to attack vulnerabilities, find weak passwords, and remain hidden.  
 One out of five had deep integration and multiple reps over the hard drive with ninety percent passwords cracked and operating system and boot-up root level control.  He could do whatever he wanted with eighty million computers.
He wanted to attack Google.  Entropy tapped the hacker group to help, then threw the botnet at the 57,584 node Google server network.  It hit like a rain of fire.  
They called up every Google server with layered search requests.  It was just to slow the system down, and it did.  The average search time climbed past three seconds, but the defenses were built from ground up to deal with this sort of thing.  It wasn’t a deep offensive, just a temperature taking.  They launched a heavier reconnaissance by negative stack and nonsense searches from the arms of the botnets that were less versatile.  They were set to repeat the searches with a terms permutation creating fifty million requests per second.  The Google system did admirably, returning results for two-thirds of the requests.  The others got shunted and the bots re-initiated the request after a time-out delay of seven seconds.
Using the hole Squarehead had manually installed on his Google system for him, Entropy struck with a mass nuke.  It was an old style nuke that made the infamous blue screen of death, but tweaked to hit Windows 7.  The fault was buried in the operating system and no longer used, but still there just in cases where some morons were using Win ’98.  Employee’s screens throughout the network went blue when they used their mouse.  It was called a ‘click and crash.’  He laid in zombie agents underneath.  They loaded the start-up with memory hungry video and spreadsheet calculations.  The calls chewed up most of the resources of the individual PCs and hit the server with thousands of requests.  Multiply that by forty thousand end-users and the servers were having major problems.  While that was happening, he turned the hacker squad to the outer servers, the ones that faced the public domain.  
They followed fire with ice.  He launched a distributed denial of service attack and the hackers followed suit, a multi-prong blockade.  Google’s search response time crawled to ten, then fifteen seconds.  The search failure ratio crept up to forty percent.
He jacked the Google out results, turning requests for every search to a link onto various IBM sites.  It was a variant of the slashdot effect, where a huge site posts a link to a smaller site, crashing it with the user click-thrus.  Each click to IBM got a botnet generated spam that appeared to be from IBM, claiming to have added the user to a mass sellable e-mail list, to piss people off on top of everything else.  Entropy invented the attack for this battle.  He called it reputation hacking.
He commandeered a Google server outpost by a firewall savager, a rogue hacker inside Google, then focused the computer bank onto Ikea.  He turned the host of captured Microsoft end user computers on the same attack.  68,000 computers hit Ikea with a syn flood, slowing the network to a crawl.  He waited until the internal Ikea corporate users began to tax it with multiple requests for the same tasks that they couldn’t get done.  When enough were in reboot, he had the team launch a land attack.  The server addresses were distributed.  The 4916 Ikea servers received more than 173 million spoofed TCP/SYN packets with a connection initiation request.  The requests each had the IP address of the individual servers as the receiving and the sending units.  The servers tried to connect with themselves millions of times per second.  Eight seconds in, the first one crashed.  Four more seconds and all Ikea servers were down or controlled.  Entropy killed the hard drives on over a thousand, and burned in the screens to read, American corporations first.  2015 still active, and he owned them now.  He killed fourteen to make it 2001, a joke the hackers appreciated.
Now they had resources.  He launched a DNS backbone hypermassively distributed denial of service attack.  Time to take down the internet itself.  It was not easy, these were root servers with simple, very stable functions.  Most other servers were hittable through the higher sophisticated functionality.  But the eleven base DNS servers that controlled world internet had only one function: keeping the IP addresses straight.  Mostly, they didn’t have to do that, the computers did it themselves.  Only one out of a hundred requests needed a routing through the DNS servers.  
But that was climbing because of his recent activity.  When Google and Microsoft both went haywire, the DNS backbone lit up.  The key was to cause as much IP address chaos as possible, getting the root servers into the necessary line.  The team, in a classic hacker wet-dream, caused targeted electric power flickers, rolling cut-outs in Silicon Valley and at sixteen major University towns.  The chop and return of power over the course of several seconds caused most of the computers to lose their IP address without rebooting.  A flood of requests hit the backbone.  
Then the team hacked the ten highest hit sites with a ‘snuggler,’ a new attack Entropy had designed.  It caused the sites to request new addresses from the root servers and keep requesting.  The people looking for the popular sites created the real problem, because the root server accumulated hundreds of thousands of requests for the data in a period of seconds.  It began to slow, then sped up again.  That was good because it meant the primary had kicked in the first level of redundant systems to cope with the demand.  They snuggled a hundred more high hit sites in the next forty seconds and it slowed again.  It didn’t speed up this time, and Entropy guessed that the engineers were watching and had cut the tertiary systems from automatically entering.  They’d rather see it crash, then re-up.  To put the final backup in play now risked a major fry.  They were smart, but it wouldn’t help.
Within a thousandth of a second, the botnet hit the Maryland DNS, the United States root server, with a request for renewed unique IP addresses for 412 million computers.  The server seized, then cascaded addresses.  Beautiful.  Now he had eight million addresses redundant over 400 million computers.  It was unexpected, so he had to rough hack on the fly.  Entropy had to go solo.  The hackers wouldn’t be able to keep up, human times would give the root server ample time to get back on its game.  The botnet hit the mass IP request again, with the same results.  He had it stalemated and kept the loop up while he thought.  Entropy was one move away from crashing the world wide web when Goat posted.  He kept his rule.  He cut everything to read it.

Defy 

http//goat:zero
Strafing the world, are we?  Just because your bombardment attacks lies does not mean it does not attack truth as well.  You cause more grief than you might believe.
I fear I have arrested the ear of God, what can I do with such power?  The burden is heavy, but excitement prevails.  I know that now I may do good.  I am not powerless.  But also, I contain terrible harm.  A part of me aspires to greatness for its own sake.  My ego is strong.  But I believe in basic goodness, the fundamental decency flush in the heart of every human, and every living thing besides.
I speak to this in you now, Entropy.  In your actions and murder, I touch a wounded spirit.  I have known always that some travel your path, but now I am engaged with a man journeying the darkest way.  The reality disturbs me.  I have sworn to help all others, a sacred vow, to the limits of space and time.  I pledge to bring all beings to wisdom.  My abilities fall short, of course, it is only a future promise.  Having no greatness, still I aspire.  It is more common than you know, lost soldier.  Many yearn for a higher truth.  Forgive them their failure and celebrate their longing. 
In the abstract, such a vow is beautiful and noble, wonderful indeed.  It feels good to make and to renew.  I do so often.  Perfect realization of the absolute suffuses every living thing.  ‘Love is an ember that can never be extinguished, but lies dormant in the heart of all beings.’  My teacher wrote it.  Do you agree?
If not, fools abound.  What can I do?  I am no more than a subspecies of fool, myself.
What do you want, lurker?  Why have you forced this at me, to be your lone torch?  I fail though I wish to, but how may I help?  Guide me, so that I may rescue you from the hell where you abide.  Your pictures of hate are pictures of a false world.  To you I say, never despair.  Never give up; die, when you do, into a kinder heart.  Yours is a path of truth, though I know you see that not.  The thing you lack is the view of lifetimes.  For you it is a game, playing with the future of mankind.
But I misspeak, and see it new.  As I write, I am wrong.  I have wandered into error so many times that it should matter no more.  But my obligation here is significant indeed.  How do I guide you?  I am unaccustomed to that face of power.  I seek only to know my own mind.  Because of the killer, I fear my life; because of you, I fear my soul.
To tell it true, I disbelieve in such things, but the poetry felt strong; honesty was there.  Forgive me, I bend truth to attempt meaning.  Not so bad a fault; I have worse and many.  
But I am here to name you.  I name you unworthy of the power you hold.  In you, I am faced with contradiction, (but is that not the case with all?)  You are punctuated by a dark and terrible pride.  Your heart is so lost.  My sense is that you cannot be reached, by me or another.  I would have you seek wisdom greater than mine.  I am a toddler, and if my words move, my example would not, I assure.  My failure to compassion occurs each instant; my vow may never be attained.  I wish to speak, but can only use the smallness of words.  My insight, of whatever size, lacks stability.  I pray to you, find a true teacher.  I am not the one you seek.  How could I be ready for such a thing?
You have tasked me to speak, but I cannot explain you to yourself.
You feel you bring us to betterment.  You believe you strengthen mankind.  Perhaps you are right.  And how?  Your method, I perceive, is to apply pressure, hoping for a higher mind to emerge.  It may.  I pray you are right, for the pain you cause.  Your answer must be deep, you have much to answer for.
Let me divert our topic to prove a point.  I have a project it would be enjoyable to undertake.  Would anyone care to loan me the wealth of the world to waste?  I would love to experience debt absurd to my means.  Then I might escape this small lust for material wealth.  It would be meaningless.  I wonder if I have such debt, saddled with this hundred million dollar prize.  The hyper-poem, as he knows, is without solution; it was not even my idea.  That came from the darkness of Entropy.  What of him is man, and what machine?
We must question his almost parasitic manifestation.
I accuse you, lord of all.  The beastly god of data, you have no right to rule.  Defend yourself; I am your foe.  How dare you sacrifice your humanity with such vulgar disregard.  Your wealth is squandered; no weight of gold may save you now.  I disparage you, and point my finger from the void beyond my namelessness.  You, Entropy, have forsaken yourself.  You are better dead. 
I do not defy your increase, I defy your right to exist.  I do not speak against your acts, I speak against your meaning.  Why do you challenge to hold the fate of mankind?  Who are you to decide?


Top 10

Scar wore a disguise to meet with this pinhead.  The crowd went nuts when he walked out and saw the lights and cameras and people everywhere.  Rock star.  He put his fists in the air and they screamed.
He sat and asked the dude his name.
“My name’s Dave.  So how are you tonight, Scar?”  The dude laughed at him.
“What’s so funny, needle-dick?”
“You’re wearing a paper sack.  Are you gonna rob us?”
“I’m incognito.”
“Well, that doesn’t sound like too much fun.”  The dude reached out to yank it off and Scar leaned back.
“You wanna get bit?”
He backed away, then stood and looked at some rent-a-cop dude with a flashlight on his hip.  Like a flashlight was gonna stop ole’ Scar.
“I was just kidding you, dude.  Sit down.  You can even taker ‘er off.”
The guy sat and asked him to close his eye first.  Scar did and the crowd laughed and the dude pulled the bag off and they laughed again at his ski mask.  The dude reached out and pulled off the panty-hose Scar was wearing over it.  Everybody laughed again and the dude took off the ski thing.
“You’re wearing a Zorro mask over an eye patch.  Aah, that’s great.”
“You’re a phony.”  The dude had been on TV too long.  “I got a question: why are all the hot single doilies on TV?  You’re on TV.  Tell me why that is.  You ain’t all young and pretty.  You,” he pointed at a granny in the audience, “how’d you get in here?  You look like a baboon’s ass.  You ain’t pretty enough to be on TV.”  She stared at him, like they always did and couldn’t say a mother fucker to save her life.  “You ain’t but a herd of crap, the lot of you.”
Attack time, a shrinky called it, when he was going to that place where everything just melted into dark bliss and he was going there now.  He liked it but he hated it.  The watch buzzed. “You guys know I’m a poet?  ‘Look upon the East from there shall I come, I ride the glowing wind of the rising sun.  Extinction of all may be our final and best goal: to destroy is also to create.’” Scar wrinkled his face at it.  “That sucked.  Gimme something decent, all these people watching and everything.  Got to make a show, dammit.”
Some dinky stood in the front row.
“Bon-bon, say your piece.”  She hesitated.  “You got a question, sugarbuns?”
“Are you aware of the Scar phrase of the week?”
“I ain’t aware of nothing.  Weren’t your legs broke?”
“They’re better now.”
Right, whatever.  Scar was jazzed, that patch was getting to work.  He almost took it off and went to hell instead, but all them people was watching all over the world and he was having a hell of a time.  “What do you want, candy cane?”
She looked at that TV show jerk next to him and the doofus nodded at her.  “It’s tonight’s Top Ten list.”
“What’s the what?”
“Will you read it?”
Nerd-man handed him a little card.  It was blank.  “Bad news, apple cheeks, there ain’t nothing here.”  Dork-o was laughing and it kinda pissed Scar off a little.  
“Actually, Scar, you read the monitor.  Those are just props.”  He pointed.  There was stuff writ on a TV screen.
“I can’t read that.”
“What?  Why not?”
“I don’t read nothing I ain’t stole.  It’s just the simple rules.”
His watch buzzed and he read it out loud. 
“Ten: I don’t care what people say about you, I think you’re okay.  Hey, that’s funny.  Nine: Is that your perfume or a helicopter flying past?  Eight: This country may be a cultural crap festival, but it’s still a festival.  Seven: What do we care?  Six: Nobody likes you.  Five: Have a cigarette, I heard they’re good for you.  Four: I like Spanish TV because the men are men and the women are men, too.  Three: I’d like to hurt you good with Mister Willy.  Two: Fuck you douchebag, you know I’m from the lone star.”  Scar looked at the dude.  “That’s where I’m from.  What is this?”
“It’s tonight’s Top Ten.”
“Top Ten what?  It ain’t but gibberish.”
Dork-a-matic laughed at him.  “You said it, Scar.  They’re the Top Ten Scar sayings.”
“Who said?  Not me.  I think they’re dumber’n hell.”
“Can you read the last one, anyway?”
“No, I sure can’t.  I wish I hadn’t read none of ‘em.”
“Why?”
“Why what?”  This dude didn’t make no sense.  Now, he looked pretty mixed up.  “You probably oughtta remind me what we was talking about, ‘cause I done forgot.”
He explained.  It was unorganized and stupid, but Scar finally got it.  “Why don’t I want to read ‘em?  ‘Cause it’s the past.  It’s done and ain’t nothing gonna change it.  Live here, dingo, live now.  I been saying this right along, and nobody never listened once.  Fuck the past, fuck the future.  People always living in their dumb dreams that ain’t never gonna happen, or talking on their memories that didn’t happen like they say or think.  It’s all wrong, don’t you get it?  It’s lies and more lies, and we’re lying to ourselves.  Maybe I’m lucky, ‘cause I can’t really pretend otherwise since I ain’t got no real memory.  Now, right here and now.  It’s all we got and all we ever get.”  
Scar was getting pretty loud and jabbing his finger in that dude’s face.  He was backing away, so Scar eased down.  He wasn’t trying to scare nobody.  He was trying to make a point.  But it didn’t matter, ‘cause nobody was gonna pay no attention like they never did.  Dumb fucking world full of dumb fucking people he couldn’t help.
“Wow, Scar, that’s really interesting.”  Sarcastic jerk-off.  “We’ve got a few more minutes.  Anything else to say?”
He decided to give a talk on the economic perils facing the modern age.  He’d been reading a book about it.  He got about three sentences in, pretty good and then he forgot what he was doing.
Scar walked over and pushed one of the cameras down.  “Talk to me mister video.  You camera jocks are here on the edge and I ain’t never even noticed you and I’m sorry about that.  Tell  me your name, son.”
“Burt.”  Scar held the look without words.  He didn’t know how long, but the guy just looked back with a smile.  When he came out of it, everybody was watching.  
“You’re all right, kid.”  Scar held out his fist for a tag, and the dude obliged.
Scar decided to give ‘em the gift.  He stopped and left it alone, deep alone and let the power come through.  No words, no thoughts, just the real stuff.  The hidden crackle under all the shit going on that felt so good.  He looked at ‘em, picking out one after another and watching ‘em get nervous.  If they looked away, they didn’t get it, but everybody watched him and it was stone quiet.  That dude started to say something, but Scar turned and nailed him with the black eye and he shut on up.  He didn’t get no gift, he wouldn’t know what it was.  But Scar knew some people did.
“No words,” he shouted.  
“No thoughts.”  He paused after every sentence.  
“Don’t do nothing.”  He looked at somebody else.  
“You ain’t got shit to prove, shit to get done.”  He didn’t move at all.
“Take all that garbage you think is your life and forget about it.  It ain’t nothing.”  Then he stayed quiet for a long minute, just looking at one after another, and they was getting it, too.  He could tell.  The silent message, the secret what couldn’t be spoke.
Scar lifted his arms high and held his hands out.  He felt like he was blessing the crowd.  They were looking for a new messiah, he could feel their need.  But as a modern messiah, he wouldn’t be killed like that bible dude.  He’d take himself out a goddamned internet vampire.
Next thing.  “Where is that bloodshit?  I’ll kill his chicken ass.”
Scar turned and forgot what he was thinking about and he saw that black and white weirdo who got him hooked on the patch.  

Entropy had his skin backstage.  They cut to a break when Scar did his staring bit.  He stood.  Three-two-one-zero.  The botnet hacked, took the show live, taking over the Today show in the middle of an Ivory soap commercial.   He appeared onstage, watching on the internet.  The cameras revealed him to the back of Scar Jones, who stood yelling at the audience.  Letterman disappeared backstage.  He couldn’t leave, though.  Entropy had the theatre blocked in.
“Where’s that damn vampire?”
“I’m not a vampire, Mister Jones.  I am Entropy.”
Scar wheeled.  “There you are, it’s about time.  Get ready to die.”
Scar stomped towards him and swung.  Entropy flew back before any contact.  It wouldn’t do for Scar to die and the botnet would probably kill him.  It appeared as if Scar had landed a Herculean blow, throwing him ten feet, slamming him against the wall and cracking the sheet rock and framing underneath.  He hung there for a moment, then threw his arms wide like Christ and slid to the floor.
“Please don’t hurt me.”  Entropy wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, then looked, as if blood was there.  He gave a dry laugh.  “You know you perish for love of her, Scar Jones?”
Scar nodded.  “We’ll see,” he said, after he leapt.  Entropy gauged the mood of Scar, the battle mood.  He was a connoisseur and fell into combat reflexes, dragging time out to savor the taste of Scar’s cold and exquisite fury, his endless bliss trying to fuck the universe to death.  Scar was so beautiful.  He grabbed Entropy by the throat.  “I’m going to choke you dead one-handed.”
The illusion was very satisfying.  Scar crumpled when he touched his throat and dropped to his knees slowly as Entropy arose.  He still strove as hard as he could to choke Entropy, who sent hallucinatory feedback through the patch.
“You dare to call me forth?  You have awoken the wrong lord.”
“You think you’re something, but you’re a fag.  Fuck you, you cockroach fucking homo.  You ain’t nothing to me and I’ll take you down one way or a harder way.”
Entropy unclasped his hands from behind his back, then blew on Scar’s face.  He made guttural animal noises against the random jabs coming at him through the patch.  Entropy never got tired of this undiagnosable madman.
“How do I kill a blood cold freak like you?  You need to die.”
“I am already beyond death.  I am writ into the web.”
“So you ain’t gonna object too much if I kill your body?  Didn’t I say the next dude to touch me dies?”
“Kill me?  That’s all I want you to do.”
“Why didn’t you let me do it the other day?”
“It was too soon to die.  You are my breaching experiment, and I wanted to see the results.  Do you know your age, Scar?”
“No.”  His lips whitened against the patch stimulus.  “You wanna tell me?”
“You’re forty-one.  Would you like to know more?”
Scar spasmed out a shrug.  “Give a shit.”
“You were a soldier in my command.  Like me, you volunteered for experimental surgery.  The memory problems were already there, though not as bad.  The surgery was supposed to increase the intuitive aspect of your nature, make you a diviner of sorts for a crew.  When there were no answers, you were the answer.  But the surgery went wrong.  You lost all memory and developed verbal dysphasia.”
Scar glared at him, teeth clenched.  “That sucks.  They fucked me.”
“Yes, they fucked you.”
“You fucked, too?  You creep me out, so I guess so.”
“I am.  My surgery worked, however.  Actually, so did yours, but you lost more.  Or not.”
“What did they do on you?”
“Inhuman intelligence.  Mental processing speed and problem solving abilities that can’t be measured.  But I never sleep; I never dream.  I’m no longer human.”  Entropy backed off on the patch stimulus.
Scar lifted his eyebrows and breathed out a sigh.  “Well, I’m sorry for that.  I don’t know which one of us got it worse.”
Entropy laughed like nothing was funny.  “You seem to be having by far the better time.  Speaking of, we have viewers.”
Scar collapsed to the floor and Entropy leaned over to oblige his continued attempt at a choke-hold.  He frothed and twitched and kept his eyes locked on his opponent’s face.  Entropy snapped his fingers and the patch cut the bliss.  Scar yelled in pain.
Entropy’s botnet hacked the two side cameras and fried them.  Only the front camera was left.  He walked to the vertex between the two couches.  The cameraman looked at his cell-phone and read the message the botnet had sent him.  Don’t move it back.  Zero in slow, three full minutes to tight face focus.
Scar writhed at his feet.  He shook his head and managed to stand. 
“Should I or shouldn’t I, Scar?”
“Shouldn’t what’re you talking to?”
“Drop it.  Take it all apart.  I can, you know.  Right now.  But it’s your show.  You choose.”
“Ain’t none of it worth a damn,” Scar said.  “Blow it to hell.” 
Entropy let out an earsplitting whistle and Scar fell to his knees, then he took down the banking system in a way he wasn’t proud of.  He cashed in his credit line and asset base in a third world investing firestorm of ready to go high loss deals - credit default swaps, mostly.  He went from a 32 billion US asset base to fourteen times that in losses. He owned the most indebted organization in history, then declared bankruptcy.  It took twenty-three seconds.
The nation’s economy shifted again, by the market response, thirty seconds later.  Money and assets followed.  It came at him and it was hard to dispose of.  Watching Scar struggle to stay on his feet, Entropy gave away yachts, skyscrapers, and stocks.  Everybody in the fast asset line wanted in to whatever it was.  They didn’t care.  He got hit a lot harder than the simulations had anticipated.  He funneled cash as fast as the botnet could shift it.  He sprayed it into the third world until it gagged, then dumped in Russia and Eastern Europe.  He owned chunks of the national debt.  He paid it with a credit line of venture capital investors.
It was unsubtle, though.  Usually, he wouldn’t have been so directly involved, but, this was the moment, after all.  Perfect timing, as per the plan.  
Goat posted.  Entropy cut the text to Scar’s watch without looking.  
With the banks destabilized, he restructured the world monetary balance via the stock exchange, Forex and US Treasury complex.  The plan was enormously complicated with impossible timing.  That was the thrill.  As part of a Japanese cultural and business festival, the Tokyo exchange was open for thirty minutes in the evening during the taping of the Letterman show.  The opening of the exchange was primarily symbolic and the traders, though allowed to trade, were expected by the system of cultural honor to not do so.  The wealthy businessmen had used their leverage to make the exchange opening happen at that particular time. Entropy had set it up secretly.
The main event was a talk to the nation by Japan’s prime minister on the importance of retaining cultural values alongside of the material prosperity.  Few nations had done so, he said, and indeed, Japan was losing that battle.  But it was not over yet.  As a people, and a proud one with centuries of honor traditions, they could not fall under the steamroller of Western culture.  Mercantilism had long been a part of the Asian history, a more reasoned capitalism existed in China even when Rome was a Greek backwater.  Asia had invented this noble system and the West had added turbo-chargers.  He used the English word and the crowd laughed.  That was good for the whites, but the Japanese character could survive the onslaught, take the money, but still retain their culture.  He urged people to continue the artistic traditions of Japan and to remember the traditional manners and male female relations.
The crowd began yawning.  Dignity was not lost, he shouted.  He had something, because when he used certain words the right way, the men stiffened a little, like army privates called to attention, but quickly got bored.  At the end of his thirty minute talk, when Entropy walked onstage on the other side of the world, only a few hundred trades had passed and the Prime Minister smiled, a happy man, proud of his country.  “The exchange will close for the day in ten seconds.”
Nine seconds later, the largest exchange in the history of the Tokyo Stock Exchange posted and the tower of world commerce tilted.
Time to crash it.  The Tokyo exchange closed at 20:00 Japan time, the same second the NYSE opened.  Except Entropy had worked the botnet hard.  He changed the Tokyo exchange clock, pushing it back one second, so it closed later.  Then the New York exchange moved ahead one second, opening earlier.  For the first time in history, the two largest stock exchanges were open at the same time.  Two seconds to change civilization.  He pulled the plug on the global economy.
Entropy’s group of Japanese investors was on standby with five billion US purchase price in time decay reclamation options.  The special option clause sold at 200 to one value.  Very high risk, very low maturity possibility.  One trillion dollars in quirky Amazon and Google options, snuck in and sold by the companies themselves without their knowledge.
Thirty seconds before the end of the Japanese Prime Minister’s speech, the botnet filed the hundred billion dollar class action suit on the part of the American people. Entropy hacked the SEC newsboard with a text.  Squarehead was standing on the floor of the NYSE and pointed to the board, shouting it out.  GOOG and AMZN lawsuit scandal breaks, stock down forty and seven points, each. It wasn’t true, but three seconds later it was, thanks to the simultaneous NASDAQ hack-post.  The message flickered and the numbers changed to 115 and twenty-three.
“Fifty thousand shares of GOOG at $193,” he shouted.  It was a $312 drop from the posting ten seconds earlier.  Everybody froze and stared at him.  “Nobody?  Two hundred thousand Amazon at twenty-two dollars.”  People started screaming, most of them trying to sell the two at reasonable rates.  A crowd surged around, unsure if he was crazy or if it was some kind of trap.  Nobody bought it.
A man pushed his way through, working toward Squarehead. “The exchange isn’t open yet, you can’t sell,” he shouted.  “This is illegal and you could be arrested.”
Squarehead would have laughed long and hard if he had the time.  “Google, 50,000 at a share price of $87.  These are NASDAQ, kids, you can buy ‘em 24-7.  We’ll get to IBM after the bell, but now the big money’s moving.  C’mon, get rich.  Here’s your chance.  Two hundred thousand Amazon at eight per.”  He had a few hundred of each stock’s certificates in hand and threw them out over the crowd.  “Fuck it,” he yelled.  “They’re worthless now.  Take ‘em for free.”  Entropy’s text appeared, announcing the massive options for GOOG and AMZN dropped on the market.  Squarehead exercised the sell orders at $43 and $6, slamming the five billion in options on the floor like the moon hitting Earth just as the bell sounded, announcing the start of the trading day at the New York Stock Exchange.

The watch beeped.  Scar jerked his arm, put it in front of his face and tried to read.  He was hurting too bad to keep his eyes focused, but he had to.  Them was the rules.
“Why don’t you read it aloud, Scar?”
“Can’t.  Too much pain.”
“Will you read it if I take away the pain?  Will you?”
He managed a nod.
The vampire’s hand twitched and it hurt in a way, just for a flash.  He lay there a minute, just grooving on the ecstasy until that thing said it’d take it away again.  Well, a deal was a deal.  He was too wore out to stand, so he sat up on the couch to face the camera and looked at that watch.
“-I am generous to the intent that I wish suffering on none, though at times, I fail even that.”
“Don’t we all, brother?  There’s occasions I wanna hurt a mother fucker.”
“Why I will die young, I cannot say, but I shall.  So I fear.  Some die ancient, some are born dead.  Who is more favored after a thousand years?  Fairness is unknown to the reaper’s hand.  Who can say when their hour approaches?  Death claims all, thus nothing matters, save that you see your own mind by seeking wisdom.  Carry what you can to the next life, your foolishness and genius is all you may find.  Hold love within both, carry that on.  You cannot be lost to love, but you can choose its cultivation.  I beg, in this do not fail.”
Scar told ‘em what he thought about that and about some other stuff.  The watch buzzed and Scar read it.  He was liking it, yelling it like it was meant to be.
“-I post once more, urgency marks the message.  Why?  I wish to cut the fleeting thought, let it ride free.  ?Who can say what I mean, not I.
“Hey, cool.  There’s a question mark at the front of that one.”
“To answer your reply, courage prevails in us all.  It may be nurtured.  I absorb you, ghost, let your fear drift into my own.  Let it pass into the bliss beyond, where the senses cannot quite go.  My daring in words escapes me, I am no hero, but I long to be brave.  What message?  Even the total nonsense of the modern age cannot restrict wisdom.  Supreme insight grows where all else cannot.”
“Them’s pretty words, but here’s a secret.  Scar don’t give a shit.”
The watch buzzed, and Scar groaned.  “I wanna give a speech in my own words.”
“-Death is gorgeous writ large, yet terrifying to the self.  I have pain in the skull, I fear dying.  Life is so perishable, fragile to the tiniest attack.  This is my main object of witness: mortality.   All things arise, only to fall.  Fine and beautiful in the abstract, in the vastness written against the eye of God.  But when it comes to my me, I love it not so much.  How dare I cling to life, knowing it useless in the end, yet how may I do otherwise?  Wild instinct will not allow my escape.
“Is it harmful, perhaps, grasping at life?  Does our clutch at this body crush as well our spirit?  Our holding is based on what cannot be retained.  All is loss, each instant is change.  Let go, that is my final answer and my best advice to you.  Do not believe your thoughts.  As it is said, ‘Good and bad, happy and sad, all thoughts vanish into emptiness like the imprint of a bird in the sky.’
“Jesus, what a fool am I.  My vulnerability stabs at my heart, renders me mute.  I have forsaken my existence for a walk in the woods.  I have cheapened my worth; how can I learn to live again?
“Enough of me.
“You are desperate with intrigue, internet god, damned absolutely into the fight.  It is your karma, I decide it for you.  That is my power.  All have many choices, but still you must battle your way home.  It is not justice, it is your swift path.  Defy my witness, I dare you.  Come home by peace.  I wish it for you.  
“You, too, are my brother.”

The Japanese owned the Amazon and Google common stock several times over.  Entropy hacked again, falsely announcing that they only wanted the asset base and intended to take both companies to pieces.  The stock went to zero.
Inside that flurry, it was easy to take companies down, even big ones.  Especially if it was planned ahead by owning enough stock.  Squarehead put 300,000 shares of IBM on the market at $26, one-fourth the opening value.  Millions of shares went at $21.  The market was crashing and if everybody looked at a stock at the same time, the price fell.  500,000 shares of Microsoft at $6 per, an eighty percent drop in price, took a lot more shares in the aftermath.  Ikea won the GIIMA wars, by virtue of private ownership.  Entropy liked the message.

Scar dragged himself to his feet then shook his body like a fighter.
“Anybody got a knife?” Scar asked, “I wanna kill this mother fucking internet vampire.”
Two pocket knives and a silver Cross pen reached out from the crowd.  Scar took the pen.
“You ain’t got a chance, bloodfuck.”
“Why do you insist that I’m a vampire?”
“’Cause that’s why you’re life is over.”
Scar moved at the pasty in that twitchy way that made everybody back away fast when he did it.  But this shitbunny stood his ground.
“Listen, Scar, you are a psychotic and I am a police officer.”
The undead freak reached in his pocket and pulled out a badge and Scar took a swipe and woke up staring at stage lights wondering what went wrong.  It leaned over him and offered a hand.  “There’s something I need to tell you, Scar.”
Scar took the hand, looked at the fingers, and wouldn’t let it pull him up.  “Gimme another ring and we talk, batpiss.”
“I choose it.”
“Why not?  I trust you.”
Freak ran his left hand down his right with circled fingers, then cupped ‘em and blew in the cup.  Out fell a ring into Scar’s hand.  It was a real deal.  Nobody could bullshit ole’ Scar.  He took off his leather necklace, looped his new ring in, and rolled that thing three times around one of his wrists.  Other people had a thing called left and right, Scar never thought about it.
He faked with the pen and grabbed for them damn shades and wound up on his back again.  The thing took off the glasses and its eye’s were solid grey and shiny like steel marbles in oblong.  It had some mask ringed around, little red lights blinking out and hitting Scar’s eyeball.
“Put on the glasses.”
“I don’t want to take the patch off.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it.”
“Any chance I could kill you?”
“Only if you take off the patch.”
But there was a whole lot a’ hurt under that patch.  “Am I gonna get the good stuff with the glasses?”
“No.  That will be gone if you take off the patch.  It will be far worse than what you just endured.  Perhaps you could come to terms with it.  You can have both, but you cannot kill me without taking the patch off.”
“What’s gonna happen with them glasses?”
“Who can say?  But there is power there for the right being.”
“How much?”
“Less and more than I can explain or you understand.”
Scar nodded.  “No, I ain’t gonna do it.”
“Power, Scar.  Unbelievable power.  Take it.  It’s yours, free.”
“Ain’t nothing free in this world.  Not anymore.  And if you can’t see that price tag, it’s gonna be damn expensive.  Break a mother fucker, a pair of sunglasses.”
The vampire watched him.
“Power don’t sound too bad, though.”
“All you have to do is go mad to claim it.”
“Hell, I’m half-way there already.”
“Many would say much further.”  Creep showed his freaktime checker teeth in what he must of thought was a smile, but wasn’t.  
“Don’t smile or whatever you call showing your teeth.”
“Why not?”
“It’s making me feel funny.”  
“They are yours if you want them.”
“I don’t like being controlled by property.  People don’t own their stuff; it’s the other way round.”
“You could achieve what you’ve only tried to do so far.”
“What’s that?”
“Make people listen.”
Scar pondered the sunglasses.  He figured there was a real deal there.  This vampire thing was some kind of a god and Scar could be a god here and now, for nothing.  Scar could talk to anybody and anything, he wasn’t afraid of shit and this dumbass world full of beeps and buzzes and little electro-machines, well Scar could make his peace with that and maybe make something good happen on top.  Things needed to change ‘cause everybody was just crazier ‘n a dog on roller skates.
“No, I figure I’m kinda tired now.”  He handed the glasses back.
The stupid watch went off, and he got mad at it.  “Damn this thing.  ‘Why do we fear the best within us?’  I’m starting to want out of this engagement, Captain.”
The fool looked startled, and it took a second to answer.  “Then… take off the patch.”
Scar did it and his body clutched up in pain.  He screamed and then it hurt so bad he couldn’t scream no more.  His hand jerked and dropped the patch.  He shook, his arms couldn’t hold nothing and he sort of fell over on his side, spazzing out, reaching for the patch, but he figured he couldn’t control himself to pick it up.  Something picked him up.  All he could see was them two hands with all them black rings, so he reached up and clapped ‘em together between his.  He heard some woman scream real loud, then a gun went off and everything went black into hell.

When Scar fell, Entropy saw Killer stand, throw off his coat and point a .45 long barrel Smith and Wesson at Scar, then Entropy, then Scar.  Entropy grabbed Scar to toss behind a couch, fighting the botnet to keep Killer alive, then shouted ‘Fire, soldier.’  Scar smacked his hands together and the rings touched.  The online connection went haywire for a second.  It threw off his dive to the side.  The hollow-point bullet entered his leg, blowing chunks of meat and bone out the back and leaving a tiny neat hole in the front.
“One shot, one kill,” Entropy shouted.  “You failed.”
Scar tumbled down, Entropy let him go and rolled back to standing, by force of will, on the still intact right leg.  His mind raced, absurdly, through symbolic connections of right and left and why one was hit and not the other.  Random accident or fate, what did it matter anyway?
He needed to move fast.  He considered the leg.  It was bleeding less than he expected.  Still, to stay conscious, he needed to staunch the flow.  The patch!  He snagged it, lowering his weight by right leg alone, then stood again and sat on the couch and crammed a tiny pillow into the wound.  His body weight kept pressure and the blood flow slowed to a trickle.  No immediate threat there.  The endorphin high from going into shock made the Skin giddy.  He felt great.  Time for the show.
“You lose, soldier.”  The botnet was working overtime to get the Skin out alive, but he fought against it, kept it in place.  He leaned over and picked up the sunglasses, reassumed command.
-Does the Skin wish to die? the botnet demanded.
“The Skin longs for death.”  He spoke loud, clear, and dramatic.  Overacting.  “It has been too long alone.  Humanity is not meant for slavery.  Why should the superhuman be?  I am another species, the first and last of my kind.  I shall not reproduce, mankind, I spare you that fate and die instead.”
“You ain’t no ‘nother species,” Scar choked out.  “You’re just fucked up.”
A third of the people had left, more leaving, but the professionals following Scar mostly stayed, ready to ride it out.  The botnet hacked the communications in the area, cut all cell and landline use.  It tied up police and emergency services with hundreds of false 911 reports, then randomized the streetlights to cause accidents and jam the traffic.  It would be hours.
Killer held his gun like a lunatic’s relic.  “Are you going to finish the job, soldier?”
“I failed.  What else is there?”
 “Is that what he taught you?  You didn’t fail at all.”
“How do you figure?”
“You’re still in control, aren’t you?”
“But you said-“
“Fuck what I said.  THINK FOR YOURSELF, soldier.”
“But orders.”
“Yes, orders.  AND, think for yourself.  Bring it together.  That’s Delta.”
Killer turned and told people to stop filing out.  They stopped after a bullet exploded part of a door jamb.  He turned back to the stage.
“You know who I am?” Entropy asked.
“I got some guesses.”
“I’m your boss’s boss.  I’m your commanding officer.”
“I suppose I knew that.”
“Look up, son, look at me.  It’s not over.  One shot, one kill, yes, but you’re Delta force.  You’re the most adaptable soldier on the planet.  The sniper phase of the mission is done.  What now?”
Killer swept his head around the room and the edge of his lip curled up.
“Hostage situation.”
Three people stood to leave when he said it.  Killer turned left, shot those two in the head, then turned right, where the third had sat again, hands in the air, and shot him in the throat.  “This is a hostage situation.”
There were some screams and people dropped on the floor, crawling rapidly to the exit.  Killer jumped up on the armrests.  Somebody dove at him and ate a bullet.  He picked off two crawlers and missed one on the other side.  He walked to the back of the room on the armrests, keeping sights on the two gaps between the back rows of chairs and the exits.  Two more tried to escape and died.  Head shots, both times.
He ejected the clip and clicked a new one in place.  When he got to the back of the theater, he jumped down to the floor, spun and put his back against the wall.  He held the gun on the right exit and swept his head from side to side every few seconds as he edged to the left part of the theater.
“What’s your next move, son?”
“Get them in one place.”
“Good.  Where?”
“Up on the stage?”
“Not bad.  Advantages?”
“Keep the lights in their eyes.  Everybody move to the stage!”
“Disadvantages?”
“Back exits.”
“Right.  Other options?”
“On the floor in front of the stage.  Turn the lights on them.”
“The floor’s good, lights are bad.”
“Why?”
No answer.
“Too complicated?”  
Entropy nodded. 
“I can’t see them as well on the floor, though.”
“Nevertheless, it is a superior tactical position.  How do you want them?”
“Facing the other way, so they can’t see when I’m not watching too close.  On their knees, hands on heads.”
“That position is intolerable for very long.”
“So what?  Why should I care?”
“Fair enough, but when the women all crack in five minutes, you have to deal with the gibbering and freak-outs.”
“I think a bullet’s gonna take care of that.”  A woman whimpered and Killer put her down.
“Jesus Christ,” a man said, “all she did was cry out.  She was afr-”
The bullet took off the right side of his head, and the face tumbled over, frozen in a puzzled expression.
 “Why are you addicted to the head shot?”
Killer closed his eyes and tilted his head back.  “I like the rush.  Get up in front of the stage.”  They moved slow until he shot someone in the leg. 
“What’s the principal threat?”
“SWAT team?”
“No.  Counter-assault from these guys.  SWAT will wait.  You’re making a mistake by killing too freely.  You have forty-odd hostages still.  If these people think they have no chance, they may rush you.  If they were smart, they would now, but they’re too scared.  If they all came at once, you’d be overwhelmed.  SWAT is secondary.  What’s your third threat?”
“Lack of sleep?”
“No, that’s four.”
“Panicking and killing a bunch of people?”
The crowd bunched together nervously from where they hovered. 
“Lay on your belly, look the other way, hands laced on your head.”  
“Do something nice for them.  Let them have water, if possible.  Don’t make them sit in intense fear.  You need to relax the situation.  You can’t operate in the red and if they’re too amped on adrenaline, you’re going to burn yourself out.  Ease it down for the long haul.  Too tense and you’re gone.  Stabilize it.”
“All right.  Sit in the chairs in the second row.  I’m gonna be sitting a few rows behind and one of these bullets will go through a plastic chair.”
“Good.  Here’s a trick.  Have them put their pants around their ankles.”
“Do it,” Killer said.  “And unbutton your shirts, then pull them down bunched at the wrists and sitting on them.”
“What about the women?” somebody asked.
Entropy looked at Killer.  “Yeah, what about the women?”
“If you’re wearing pants, do the same.  If you’re wearing a dress, pull it down.”
“Really?  Are you scared of the women?  You win points two ways by not treating women as a threat.  One, the obvious, women are supposed to get treated different.  Everybody’s looking for the part of you they can call human.  If you show them a little bit of that, it goes a long way.  You can use it to your advantage later, when you need it.  Second, if you’re afraid of women, the men might get a little over-confident and think you’re not as in control as you want to be.”
“I see your point.  Women, just stay sitting.  Wait, maybe there is a dangerous one.  Why are you messing with my head?”
“We’re just talking it out.  I’m not messing with your head.  I’m playing Square’s hand for him.  This is training.  What are your objectives?  Do you want out alive?”
“No, maybe.  I don’t know.”
“Do you expect to die here?”
“Pretty much.”
“How do you feel about that?”
“Like taking people with me.”
“Fair enough.  What’s your biggest weakness?”
Killer shrugged.
“You’re working alone.  What are you going to do about me?”
“Whatever you say.”
“Tell me why you’re doing this.”
“What?  I don’t know.”
“WHY?!”  He used a heavy force voice, a secret NLP technique of his own invention.
“To be a part.  A part of something.  Quit jerking off to internet porn in a trailer.”
“So you wanted to kill people.”
“Maybe.  I guess.”
“Kill yourself, then.”
“Sir?”
“Put your gun to your head and blow your brains out.”
Killer’s head twitched and he looked at a spot over Entropy’s shoulder.  “No.”
“Why not?  You said you’d do whatever I say.”
“It wasn’t an order.”
“Soldier, you blow your damn brains out this instant.”  Entropy engaged the full command voice.  Killer’s gun snapped to the side of his head and he pulled the trigger.  

Scar was in a hell of torment.  He barely knew what was going on, but saw some ghost with a gun popping people left and right.  He couldn’t hardly do nothing but shiver and shake.  That son of a bitching pain was in the bone; it kept him just clawed up into himself like there weren’t nothing but agony in all the universe.  Damn, he wanted that patch back, but he didn’t want that mother fucker to have the pleasure of hearing him ask.  He wasn’t gonna beg.  He sensed somewhere in all that hurt that it might could feel good just on its own.  But Scar couldn’t quite find that point and it kept on feeling like he was being burned alive on the inside.  
That bloodfuck leaned over and slipped that patch onto his eye and he felt a lot better.  He tried to lift up, but his body was so weak, it wouldn’t even move, so he just laid there, floating in the ecstasy, back to the camera, staring at the vampire.
“You undead fuck,” he whispered.
“I’m not the enemy.”  Freaktime was whispering, too, and not moving its lips at all.  It didn’t even look at Scar.  “He is.”
Scar rolled his head over slow and saw a wraith standing there, pistol hanging by its side.  There was dead people everywhere and Scar thought it was the saddest thing he’d ever seen.  That broke leg girl, Candy maybe, was screaming at the blank spirit, topped off her nut.  She couldn’t take no more.  He walked at her and lifted the gun like he was gonna smack her with the handle. “Would you do that to a woman?” she screamed.  He pistol-clocked her and Scar winced for her.  She wasn’t a bad sort and she definitely didn’t deserve that.  That spook ought not hit on women; it pissed Scar off real good to see it.
He wouldn’t mind at all if this phantom son of a bitch went on to hell.  When somebody had to get topped, nut-bugger led the list.  He got to his feet, even though he was pretty wobbly and walked over to the night shade.
“Damn, brother.  You’re all fucked up.  I kinda feel bad for you.”
The ghost pulled out a lock back knife and waved it at him, but Scar could tell he didn’t mean nothing by it.
“Why would you wanna kill me?  We don’t even know each other.”
He didn’t answer.
“Why you killing all these folk?  It don’t make no sense.”
“You killed all those lawyers.”
“I doubt it and I don’t know what you’re talking about, but if I did, they deserved it.  They were probably following me around all the time, like the rest of these dicks.  I was probably trying to get rid of ‘em.”
“What if I’m following you around to kill you?”
“Are you?”
“I’m not sure.”
“Well get it over with.  After that damn round of torment, I figure I’m better off dead.  If I lose this patch, it’s a unhappy place for me.  Go on, I don’t give a damn if I die.”
The spectre shook his head.
“Why are you so full of hate?”
“I don’t see it that way.  I’m giving people what they deserve.”
“Bullshit, you ain’t no avenging spirit.  You’re a psycho, don’t it?”
He just looked down at the floor like he hadn’t ever smiled in his whole life.
“You need another chance, Casper.”
“I think I’ve used those up.”
“Nope, can’t happen.  You never run out.”
“People run out all the time.”
“No, they ain’t.  You might gotta step on off this track and hit a new go-round, but there it is.  You gonna have to pay off some of this bad shit, but you can turn it all round if you want.  Anybody can.  Nobody gets lost for good.”
“When you’re dead, you’re out of chances.”
“Ain’t true.  That’s just a whole new one.”
“No.  When you’re dead, you’re dead.  There’s no more.”
“Check this, stiff, there’s more.  If that’s it when it’s done, then where did it come from?  Nowhere?  That don’t make no sense.”
He waved that gun around and Scar had to remind him to take her easy with that.  He said it didn’t matter none, he’d already killed so many and Scar told him they was past that part.  They could move on now and figure out what it meant and why.
“It doesn’t.  Nothing means anything.”
“No, man, that’s wrong.  You can’t say what it means, I’m with you there, but that don’t prove what nothing don’t mean nothing.  But it ain’t all black and blank like you bullshit it out at.  You’re making your own head somewhere it ain’t, something it doesn’t need to be.  What are you doing this for anyway?  Why don’t you send this dumb shit up outta your thing?  Quit it.”
“I don’t know why not.  That’s all I know, now.  It’s all I see.”  The spectre’s head snapped up, looked at Scar.  His eyes were red as a night fire, and he seemed to be getting scared.  “I lost the mission.  Am I done?”
“You’re pretty fucked, no doubt there.  You’re gone in this go-round.  I can smell it on you.”  Scar put his hand on the spirit’s shoulder.  “But nobody can be lost for good.  C’mon, brother, cut this bullshit out.  Gimme your gun.”
The ghost shrugged and handed it to him.  “It’s out of bullets, anyway.”
“Really?  Cool.”  Scar pointed it at the freak’s head and said “bang,” then pulled the trigger and watched brains go all over the place on the other side.  His hand flew back and his ears rang.
“Fuck!” Scar yelled.  The body wobbled, then fell like a sack of ‘taters.  “Meaningless.”  He didn’t want to shoot nobody; he was just playing.  “Just dumb shit, that’s all.”  He looked around.  “He said it didn’t have no bullets, ain’t it?  That wasn’t my fault.  You can’t arrest me for that one.  You guys heard him, didn’t you?”
They all nodded and started raising a ruckus about how he was a hero and stuff.  He threw the thing down.  “I hate guns.  They’re too loud.”  He walked over to that vampire jerk.  “I done killed once today, so I guess you need to go on living.  I don’t want to kill nobody.  Never did.”
“What do you want?”
“I wanna be free.  I’m tired of this patch.  I don’t want your vampire tricks manipulating on me no more.”
“Manipulating?  It’s you.  You mastered it.  ”
Scar touched the patch.  “Really?”  He figured he might oughtta take it off now.  He saw a television up in the corner, with his face on it. “Looks good, though, ain’t it?”
“It is your image.  Your adoring public sees you that way.”
“And if I took it off, it wouldn’t change nothing?  It ain’t doing that shit no more?”
The vampire moved his head a tiny bit.
“Say ‘No’ or you confuse people, that shrink-o magazine says so.  People’ll think you’re being sneaky otherwise, which I guess you probably are.”
Creepass chuckled.  “You amaze me, Scar.”
Scar got confused, so he turned to leave, then turned back.  He felt like a different man for a second, like he knew this guy sitting there, bleeding on the couch.  Like they were old…something, like they knew each other, watched out for each other even though neither never really liked the other.  “It ain’t all that bad, Captain.”
He looked like he got stabbed in the heart when Scar said it, like he might cry or something.  “You remember?”
“Naw.  Just a flash.  It’s fading already.”
“Do you want to?”
“Yeah.  I wouldn’t mind that at all.  Might be nice knowing who I was.  I don’t figure that’s gonna happen, though.”
“No.  I’m sorry, Scar.  I thought it might.”
“It’s all right.  You tried.”  God, he looked like his spirit was done and gone.  Poor fucker.  “Things are gonna get better, Cap.”
“Maybe.  At least they’re going to change.”
“Naw.  Nothing never changes.  It ain’t but more of the same.”
They looked at each other for a long moment, like they understood, but didn’t agree.  Like that was okay, too.
“How do I get quit of this patch without living in hell?  Can I die now?”
“Done already.  Die if you must.”
What did that mean?  Scar burned on him with the angry eye.  He clenched his teeth.  “Answer me.  Is it doing its thing or don’t it?”
The freak almost looked sad and Scar sort of felt sorry for him.  He seemed crazy alone.  Scar knew all about alone.
“No.”  He said it real quiet, like a new kind of true.  “You’re free.”
Scar went out front of the theater.  His motorcycle was waiting, keys in the ignition and dog sitting in a side car like it was trained to do it.
“Oh, hell, yeah.  I got me a dog.”
He got on and started her up.  She purred like a kitten.  Nice bike.  Some blondy came out of the theatre, limping.
“Scar, take me with you.”  She kissed him.  She meant it, too.
“Candy.  Candy Red Apple?”
“Close enough.”
“Well, I ain’t got no major objection to having a bit of trim to roll with.  You ain’t gonna get all bitchy on me are you?  I hate bitchy women, so if you’re that type, let’s just cut it now ‘fore the pain starts up.”
“No.  Not me.  I don’t like bitchy women, either.”
“You ain’t got no problem with smelly, homeless men?”
She put her nose into his neck and smelled deep.  “You don’t smell bad.  You smell good.”  He narrowed his eyes.  “You smell free.”  He smiled.
“I don’t know, though, sweet pants.  I ain’t got no money.  My dick alone ain’t gonna keep you happy when we’re begging for gas and food.”
“I’ve got plenty of money.  You made sure of that.”
“I did?”
“Mm hm.  You took care of me.”
“You want to go where I’m going?”
“Definitely.  It sounds like an adventure.”
“You know where it is?”
“I sure do.”
“What’s it called again?”
“Argentina.”
“Promise me you’ll keep me on track.  Promise me we’re gonna get there.”
“I promise I’ll keep you on track.  I promise we’ll get there.”
“You sure?  You ain’t scared?”
She pointed down the street.  There was a mess of screaming sirens and flashing lights a couple of blocks away, stuck behind a whole heap of cars just trapped there.  “Let’s go before they get here.”
“Get your ass on, then.”
She did.  Scar kicked it in gear and they headed on down to the end.

 
Epilogue

http//goat:zero
I reached in my pack and pulled out the manuscript for my book of mediocre poems.  I pushed it across Pizza Willy’s green metal table, white pages gleaming in the sunshine.
“I can’t believe you came here for this.  I could have e-mailed and you could have printed it.”
“Didn’t have much else to do.  Work was boring, as usual.”
“Always is, that’s why I never do it.  Be honest.  You just wanted to see me.”
“Oh, man.  Yeah, it’s true.  It makes my day a little brighter.”
“How many people work for you, by the way?”
“Mmm, a couple of hundred.”
“And you came here to see me.  Long way.”
She patted my arm.  “Well, you’re worth it.”
“Do you love any of them?  Are they real people?”
“No.  Not so much.”
“You know that touching to display affection thing?  You’re not good at it.”
She chuckled.  “Yeah, you’re probably right.  But does that mean I should quit trying?”
“No.  Never give up.  Never, ever give up.”
She held up her hands between us.  “Whoa, Okay, boss.  I won’t give up.”
“Why’d you get involved at the beginning?  What did that seven large buy you?”
“Oh, I just wanted in.”
“Nope.  Be real.”
“I wanted you to have your little game thing.  You were so excited.”
“Mmm, I don’t know.”
“All right.  I wanted to protect you.”
“Bullshit, you wanted sex, Barbie Blue Eyes.”
“Yeah, about that name.  It doesn’t really work for me.”
“Talk to me, J.”
“What do you think of Ethereal?”
“Too queer.”  
She laughed.  “I see what you mean.  How about Pi?”


###


If you liked Scar Jones, please take a minute and rate it (or even offer a review) on your favorite bookseller's site. Indie authors live and die by reviews, so please keep us alive!

Other Books by Kelly Mitchell
Fiction
Tara Born of Tears
Wildcard (Free: limited time -Wildspace Book 1 - available for pre-order on select retailers)
The Song of Solomon (Wildspace Book 2 - available for pre-order on select retailers)
The Photograph (free - limited time)

non-fiction
Gold Wars: The Battle for the Global Economy
A Spiritual Autopsy of Science and Religion


Excerpt Tara Born of Tears

After donning his favorite t-shirt, the one his wife hated, the one that read, 'I don't understand myself. Are you?' Thé hid outside by the grill, from her and from the impending threat of the invader guests. He pored over the coals, turning them meticulously and slowly. There was a deep technique to making it appear as if one was doing something important, getting the coals to just the right redness or layering them to properly distribute the heat, whatever that meant. Fundamentally, it was a means to avoid or at least minimize the babbling brook of trite engagements rendered obligatory in the typical company she invited. He scrutinized as each black biscuit edged into redness with its grey ash verge creeping along behind. His real eye was on the screen door, dreading the awful moment when Johnny Tidwell would burst through, his giant frame nearly knocking the flimsy thing off the hinge, to take Thé's slight hand in that tear-inducing manshake. Tidwell oozed masculine challenge. Every cracked beer was a reminder of the man's presence, as if anyone could forget someone who blocked out the light of the sun.
He turned off the porch bulb as a further disinvitation to his guests to come out and meet him, excusing himself mentally with the feeble rationalization that he needed to 'see the action of the coals.' When he put the phrase in quotes, it sounded more official, maybe taken from a Bar-B-Cueing book or from ancient paternal lore handed down through generations. The strategy of dinner moved to a scientific level, cooking steak. He didn't know what he was doing. This was a first experimental foray into the deep (faked) knowledge vanguard of cooking steaks, an uncharted territory. 
He had a nice buzz and was pretty pleased with himself. Dreading the certain and eventual breach upon his fortress of solitude, he had switched from beer to one of Tanya's rudely potent concoctions in order to be properly fortified for his ramparts to fall. He was moving towards an ability to tolerate The Guests, and drew a long, steady breath. His wife, for once, did her job and mercifully detained them in the kitchen for a full glass, seeming to realize his need to don his liquid armor at an appropriate pace. If he did it too quickly, the evening would be smashed along with him.
"Théeee. Buddeee." Tidwell's thundering bass slammed through the screen door, a full-body massage on his back. The man possessed an explosive good health. Thé checked his defenses, greaves (coals that needed tending), hauberk (a schooner of steaks needing turning in their marinade and timely placement on the fire), shield (a drink requiring occasional refreshing), sword (alcohol fortified wit), and helmet (alcohol induced indifference). He hadn't really placed the helmet on his head yet, but he supposed this was an initial sally of opposing commanders to the center of the field. Before the engagement proper, they needed to establish terms of surrender and ransom. They should, technically, decide if a mutual peace could be reached, though that was mere formality, as his opponent would be dissatisfied if he saw no blood.
He turned, slow and cool. 
"Johnny Tidwell, you old dog." Why did he say things like that? He neither meant nor understood them. Tidwell pushed the bottom of the flimsy screen door open with a size thirteen dress shoe. The top caught against the frame in the beloved manner of wooden screen doors the world over, then popped free with an aggrieved twanging, twisting snap, a dry two second orgasm in brutal close-up. Thé settled the twelve-gage might of his cooking tongs on his right hip, and his six-barreled vodka tonic on his left and stared at him across the old West of his patio. "Draw, pardner."
It was useless. Tidwell merely laughed and shook the close-cropped bowling ball on his shoulders back and forth a few times as if Thé was an amusingly naughty child that he should spank but didn't want to. "You still got it, buddy."
'Quit borrowing your language,' Thé wanted to tell him. 'Murder these ancient clichés. Be who the fuck you are.'
"How are the steaks coming, honey? Everything else is almost ready."
Honey. So many words to avoid the truth. Thé had knocked Tanya up when they were too young to have kids and they'd gotten married under the invisible shotgun of her father's cruel and disapproving, then suddenly very approving eye. His old world stoicism and patriarchal sovereignty had swept aside Thé's feeble attempt to argue his way into an abortion. Five years into the marriage, the smoking resentment towards Tanya had metamorphosed by gradual stages into smoking self-loathing for being a piss-poor parent, present physically and financially, but emotionally absent, scattered to the gale. He constantly threw off his substantive inner dreams and yearnings, twirling them into vortexes of nonsense so that they could never come to any fruition that he might be able to cope with and derive satisfaction from. He subconsciously held himself in purgatory.
On Tabby's fifth birthday, he surrendered in the afternoon. "Let's have another one." He was tanked at the screaming birthday party, surrounded by nattering, shrieking, blabbing little girls jacked to the follicles on sugar, eyes bulging and Barbies throttled in little death grips. He'd seen enough Powder Puff parties to last until the next birthday and after his fourth fusillade of vodka tonic with a refreshing snap of actual lime, he wanted a boy enough to risk another daughter. And she sure wanted another of any gender. So he drunkenly capitulated. "Let's have a sibling for her. They're so beautiful, children."
The steaks! "Just about to put 'em on," he yelled to the accusing him of being caustic harpy. He watched Tidwell crane up a Volkswagen sized blob of guacamole on a trio of blue, six dollar a bag corn chips. It disappeared into the dark cavern beneath his hair stuffed nostrils.
"Damn, your wife makes the best guac." He leaned in close and raised both eyebrows. "Wanna trade?"
"What?" The right wing of his forces collapsed in a fleeing rout. Had Tidwell just offered to swap his pretty, quiet little wife for Thé's pretty, definitely not quiet and more average sized wife based on her ability to make hors-d'oeuvres?  It was a stunning attack, one which Thé utterly lacked skill in countering. He lifted his glass jerkily to his mouth, a defensive maneuver. The ploy seemed to work, so he kept it slow, stalling for time, for a means to rally a suitable counter-attack. He lifted his eyes over the rim of his glass to lock onto his foe's and felt the withering might of Johnny Tidwell's vast power and he held! Johnny smiled, almost like he meant it, the freak. Thé had a laughable image of the rolling boxing match that a marriage between those two would be and he lunged, a powerful, direct riposte. He nodded with a dark look and said, "Maybe. Not a bad idea." He half-mouth smiled, sinister, like Clint in Good, Bad, and Ugly. "The old ball-n-chain's kind of cramping my style." As if he had a style to cramp.
The counter forced a painful détente. Tidwell's brisket-sized mitt smacked him on the shoulder blade, sending a milky splash of vodka tonic to earth. "You son of a bitch. Good one. You almost had me."
An adrenal thrill pulsed out to his limbs and he fumbled a steak onto the grill. Tidwell shuffled to see the operation, ready to offer some helpful instructions, but Thé deftly whipped in front of him and leaned over, blocking the interfering behemoth's access to the equipment and simultaneously creating a physical obstruction to communication. Détente, Johnny. Show some respect. He finished putting the steaks on, but stayed in his impregnable position for several minutes, poking and prodding meaninglessly at the meat, savoring his momentary edge.
Tidwell was staring absently around the perfectly square, alien greenness of the yard when he re-engaged, which made him feel even better. The man had been temporarily out-faced, forced to be on his own, an awful emasculating tactic which women utilized with lethal instinct. But he was a real warrior and the détente was clearly over. He seemed angry at the snub.
The giant banker glanced at the screen door. "You ever thought about it, though?"
"What? Wife-swapping?"
"No. NO! That was a joke. Christ, Thé, you need to tune in a little better. Nobody's touching my woman. No how, no way. No, I mean a little extracurricular activity. Something for sport. Feel young, you know. We're getting older, got to get what we can."
Cheat on Tanya? Nothing further could be found from who he was. "Evidently, whenever I see a sweet young piece of tail sashaying down the sidewalk. It's a college nearby." Apparently, Grey Goose vodka had taken control of his vocal cords.
Karen Tidwell, Tanya's aerobics partner, slipped onto the porch. She was tiny in exact inverse to her husband's hugeness. An unsavory Great Dane – Chihuahua mating ritual image between the two always commandeered the screen of Thé's inner world and refused to budge no matter how long he spoke to them. There he was, laying on top of her, smothering her. She was lost, crawling around on that mountain of flesh, searching for a penis or for her husband's face. He shivered, but failed to dispel it.




