
Love is not free.
The price is 99 cents.
This is a novel by Rudolf Kerkhoven.
 
© 2014 Published by Bowness Books
Smashwords Edition
ISBN: 978-0-9867313-6-5 

Product Artwork by Whitney Siemens
http://www.whitsiedesign.com/

This book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents are either products of the authors’ imagination or used fictitiously.  All rights reserved.  No part of this publication can be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, without permission in writing from Bowness Books.

Also by Rudolf Kerkhoven:

The Year We Finally Solved Everything

A Dream Apart


Also by Rudolf Kerkhoven & Daniel Pitts:

The Adventures of Whatley Tupper

The Redemption of Mr. Sturlubok

The Most Boring Book Ever Written

Can Stuart Henry Zhang Save the World?


The Contents

The First Half

The Prologue
The First Chapter
The Second Chapter
The Third Chapter
For Example
The Fourth Chapter
The Fifth Chapter
The Sixth Chapter
What Xavier Did
The Seventh Chapter
The Eighth Chapter
The Ninth Chapter
The Ninth Chapter (Take Two)
The Tenth Chapter
The Eleventh Chapter
The Twelfth Chapter
The Thirteenth Chapter
Sandra Rojas
The Fourteenth Chapter

The Better Half

What David Did
The Fifteenth Chapter
The Sixteenth Chapter
The Seventeenth Chapter
The Eighteenth Chapter
uCupidWhite
The Nineteenth Chapter
The Twentieth Chapter
Actually, after some prodding Xavier said a lot more
Josh Tanner, Jennifer Tilley, and Exponential Growth
The Twenty-First Chapter
The Twenty-Second Chapter
The Twenty-Third Chapter
What David Did
The Last Little Bit of the Twenty-Third Chapter
The Twenty-Fourth Chapter
The Twenty-Fifth Chapter
The Twenty-Sixth Chapter

The Lesser Half

The Twenty-Seventh Chapter
The Twenty-Eighth Chapter 
What Happened to Xavier
The Twenty-Ninth Chapter
The Thirtieth Chapter
Josh Tanner, Jennifer Tilley, and Exponential Decay
The Last Chapter
The Epilogue


It takes close to a thousand hours to plan, write, and edit a novel.  If you enjoy this novel, please consider writing a review for it.  It really helps independent authors get noticed.  
Thank you.

Rudolf Kerkhoven’s website: http://rudolfkerkhoven.com

Rudolf Kerkhoven on Twitter: https://twitter.com/BownessBooks

Click here to sign up for email updates on new releases and preview editions: http://eepurl.com/I_fsv 

Click here for other books by Rudolf Kerkhoven





The
First
Half

The Prologue


Like any mathematical concept, Xavier Dekker knew that love seems mysterious only to those unfamiliar with the underlying principles.  Without this foundation, love becomes enigmatic, magical.  Love seems tangent to all emotions at once—a nebulous cloud of rational and irrational thought, impossible to pin down, impossible to generalize.  To most people it was something that could be described, yes, but never to exhaustion.  It was best parlayed in poetry or fanciful (if not pretentious) prose.  It was the domain of the artist.  It could be maddening and confusing, but not something with a solution.  And this was what vexed Xavier for years: of course there was a problem, which meant that there must be a solution.  Chaos isn’t entirely random.  Randomness can be contained through probability.  Probability can be constrained through conditions.  Conditions demand data… and these days, there was a lot of data to be mined.  It was all a matter of organization, differentiation, correlation, induction—skills to be sought from a scientist as opposed to an artist.  It wasn’t a matter of if someone might demystify the peculiarities of love, but when.
Xavier was still an undervalued programmer at a large and sprawling video game company that specialized in major league sports titles when he began developing independent mobile phone applications in his spare time.  Not only was working for such a large technology company comparable to being an indentured servant—80 hour work weeks (no overtime) were the norm in the autumn lead-up to the splashy pre-Christmas releases—but Xavier didn’t care about video games anymore.  Something was lost now that everything was geared towards adults, and more specifically, their disposable income.  He felt like a farmer, every year repeating the same cycle, updating the previous year’s title with the newest players, current statistics, and tweaked graphics.  An army of software engineers would flutter around the hallways of campus in the hours before some seven-foot NBA player flew in for motion-capture.  But Xavier didn’t know who any of these athletes were, aside from their avatars.  He actually thought they looked better as a composition of three-dimensional polygons than in person.  These people were freaks of nature, overgrown pumpkins the size of tractors.  One man that he shook hands with had fingers like root vegetables.  Xavier even made a point of taking this into account with the title’s update—look closely, and that particular player’s fingers are identical in shape to carrots, complete with pointy, scraggily tips.  But no one would ever notice these details and Xavier would never be bothered by it.  His interests were not in finger design.  His interests lay in statistics, and he felt that the rest of humanity would benefit from a little more statistical appreciation, as well.  They just needed to be exposed to its power.
His first attempt at publishing a mobile phone application was a fittingly free app called Don’t Buy It, a program that informed consumers about the monetary reward of avoiding impulse purchases thanks to rational logic and compounding mathematics.  Had your eye on a new watch?  Keep that money in a long-term investment and you could buy four watches when you’re 60.  Thinking of purchasing a new car?  Don’t do it.  New vehicles are about as terrible an investment as a person can make.  Be prudent with those tens of thousands of dollars and you could retire 6.4 months earlier after taking in account your age and income.  There was also a feature targeting those superfluous daily purchases.  Partake in an opulent five-dollar coffee every day instead of brewing a cup at home?  Keep that up until you’re an old man and not only will you lose out on being able to afford several exotic holidays in the coming decades (although this same app would attempt to persuade people away from long distance vacations; such excursions were appalling uses of money), but after ingesting so much coffee you’ll have such brittle bones that you’ll surely be wheelchair bound in your not-so-golden years.  Just don’t drink coffee, the app would inform you.  Green or white teas are superior.
More successful was When You Will Die, an appropriately titled program that would attempt to predict—with supposed 93.97% accuracy—a person’s life expectancy.   Hidden beneath the bland and distinctly unfriendly user interface were complex statistical algorithms that took into account personal data of all sorts, from the clearly pertinent (weight, diet, level of activity, drug use) to seemingly irrelevant (hair color, family history of baldness, shoe size).  Should a user have the patience to answer more than one hundred questions about herself (and most users did not possess such fortitude), she would be rewarded with the exact date—Xavier was so bold as to pinpoint it to the day—on which she would die.  93.97% accurate?  That was a lie, of course.  And it wasn’t that the average consumer believed it.  The average consumer didn’t want to spend money, not even 99 cents, to be callously informed of their expiration date.  But it was a claim that gained exposure for his humble project and would eventually lead to it being purchased by a major insurance company; without any formal actuarial training, he’d devised a unique and accurate method of predicting life expectancy.  And as such, Xavier Dekker no longer needed to spend his days rendering graphics of herculean men.  Contrary to the will of his wife, Gwen—who lacked Xavier’s confidence that he would be able to comfortably support a family of three while working from home—he quit his job.  Now he could devote his energies more appropriately.
Remember, the clock was ticking.
Next was Poll Que, a free application that allowed users to anonymously poll a mammoth pool of people about anything they wished.  Do you think the name Madison is overused?  Do you believe in God?  Would you buy a used sofa?  Do you like the name of my new band, Mute Point?  Would you cheat on your partner if you knew that he/she would never find out?  In exchange for answering a minimum of two questions from other users, you could see the results of your own query.  My boyfriend has yet to propose to me after two years of direct pressuring.  Do you think I should cut my losses and move on?  In less than twelve hours, over a thousand people would have replied to your inquiry.  44% say, “Move on.”  29% say, “Give him more time,” and 27% say, “Give him one more year.”  Although simple and seemingly trivial, Poll Que became a success.  Nearly all users (87%) answered far more than the required two questions.  Over half (61%) answered dozens of them, usually trivial, often sexual in nature (although Xavier programmed filters that automatically blocked anything too risqué), and occasionally personal.  Unbeknownst to anyone was that the results were faked—or as Xavier would put it, they were extrapolated.  Ten thousand people didn’t actually respond to your question about your new independently published e-book title.  After surveying a couple dozen people, Poll Que determined what was the most likely (and desired) result and then posted that result.  The guise that people were receiving near-instant feedback from thousands and then hundreds of thousands of strangers encouraged more to log in, to ask more questions—and more importantly, to answer more queries, including ones that Xavier would plant.  After a few months, so many people believed the lie that Poll Que no longer had to lie—thousands of people from all over the world really were responding to questions in a matter of hours.
Like all gimmicky apps, people’s interest in Poll Que dwindled as quickly as it soared, but in the course of a year Xavier had amassed a colossal pool of data about hundreds of thousands of people, data that no one else on Earth had access to.  Hundreds of gigabytes of questions and answers readily linked, categorized, sorted, and correlated.   Every point of data was just that—a point, a nearly infinitesimally small one—but put enough points together, put tens of millions of points together, and something will emerge.  Not necessarily something coherent, but something.  Now Xavier Dekker just had to figure out what it was.  He knew he was one of the few people in this world intelligent enough to do so.
The First Chapter


David Dekker was bored.  He peered above his laptop and to the window at the rain dragging those sopping amber leaves to the pavement.  It was the first big storm of the season.  He didn’t find it ugly or brutal.  It was just something that was happening—rain grooming the weary autumn trees—and at that moment he found it far more interesting to stare out the window than attend to his computer’s display.  He then looked over to Tegan and decided to express his thoughts: “I’m bored.”
Tegan didn’t even look at him.
“Do you get bored?” David asked but Tegan continued to ignore him.  “Probably not yet.”  He glanced back to the laptop.  “Lucky you.”  He figured it was time to get back to work.
Telecommuting.  David greatly enjoyed the sound of this.  He telecommuted to work.  It seemed to imply teleportation.  He figured that whoever coined that term must have had a dreadfully boring job and yearned for a polysyllabic word to obfuscate the fact that he worked in underwear and stained T-shirts.  When a Boston-based firm purchased the local start-up he’d worked for, the prospect of him telecommuting sounded perfect.  No more hassles with Vancouver traffic.  No more purchasing clothes for work.   Conference calls in his underwear and stained T-shirts.  Of course David knew the obvious drawbacks: that he would become disconnected from the world, that he would miss that social realm of work.  But these were manageable problems.  He wasn’t concerned.  He’d just have to make a point of getting out of the house.  He could take his laptop to a cafe if he wanted contact with the rest of humanity.  Not that he ever did this.  But it was always an option, and that was all that mattered—for David accepted that freedom is often just a matter of perception.  As long as you feel liberated, you’re not concerned by the constraints.
For the last three years David Dekker lived three time zones ahead of everyone else around him, having to log in at five in the morning and sign off by two in the afternoon.  Nights out inevitably involved frequent yawning and subsequent apologizes for making everyone else tired.  By eleven he would be checking the time every couple of minutes, hoping that it wouldn’t seem rude to leave before anyone else.  Staying up until midnight felt like pulling an all-nighter.  On weekends, David would awaken at six while Lily could remain in a blissful slumber until noon.  His eyelids were like flower petals in the sun; this was not a matter of free will.  He started doing things on Saturday mornings that he would have never imagined back in his twenties.  He would go for a jog.  He would watch the weekend edition of the local morning news and learn how to prepare a perfect poached egg.  He then would drive to the supermarket while the roads were vacant to purchase eggs (and vinegar).  He figured this was what growing up felt like—realizing only after the fact that you now enjoy these routines that you never before had the patience for.
When his phone rang at ten in the morning, David knew that it was Lily before looking at the display.  She always called between 9:45 and 10:15.  “How is she doing?” were her first words and David wasn’t bothered by the lack of a greeting.
“She’s good.”
“What is she doing right now?”
“She’s sucking on her fist.”
“Take a picture and send it to me.”
“I will.”
“Were you sleeping?”
“No.“
“How are you doing?”
“I think I might take her out for a little walk soon.”
Lily waited to reply.  David wasn’t sure if she heard him.
She then asked, “Isn’t it pissing out?”
David looked out the window.  The black asphalt popped like sizzling bacon.  “It’s not too bad.”
“I can see it through my window.”
“I thought some fresh air might be good for her.”
“Is the air in our house somehow not fresh?”
“You know what I mean.”
“Please don’t take her out in this weather.”
“Okay, okay.”  David relented.
“Send me a picture of her.”
“Will do.”
“She better not be wet.”
“She won’t be.”
“Love you.”
“Love you, too.”
David hung up and took the required picture.  Before sending it, however, he scanned the array of photographs stored in his phone from Lily’s previous morning requests.  Would she notice if he sent her a photo from two weeks ago?  He decided to find out.  He then looked over to Tegan.  “Ready for that walk now, Teegs?”  She looked up at him and cooed.  “Good girl.”
It was one in the morning when David awoke to Lily returning to bed.  Although asleep when she left, he knew that she’d been gone too long.  This wasn’t another one of her semi-hourly visits to the washroom.  Even in the darkness he could tell that her eyes were wide open.  She didn’t need to say it.  David sat up and asked if she’d had a contraction.  It was really happening.   This was different from all the other times, she said, although David could see it in her face, even with his eyes struggling to regain focus.  These ones fucking hurt.  She told him that she was going to lie down on the couch.  He said he’d come with her but Lily assured him that he should stay.  There was nothing for him to do right now.  The last few contractions were more than ten minutes apart.  She told him that he might as well get some sleep and he abided without struggle.  She didn’t give David a kiss as she left the room.  The old wooden stairs strained beneath her steps.  He looked up to the ceiling and realized that in a matter of hours he was going to have a daughter.  He knew there was no point in trying to get back to sleep.  And then he slept—until eight in the morning.  He hadn’t woken up that late in years.  His body knew to get rest while it still could.  Lily was on the couch watching television and David felt ashamed.
That was the morning of Saturday, April the 23rd.  That was the last time that David felt rested.  Sleep is fragile enough for anyone with a newborn, but for a man living three time zones ahead of his family, David was now out of orbit.  When Tegan cried at two in the morning he wouldn’t get back to sleep—not until seven in the morning, that is, while hunched over his laptop in the constrained office adjacent to the living room.  He’d catch his head in free fall and sit up, hoping that Lily didn’t notice—she didn’t take kindly to the idea of David locking himself up in a room to ‘work,’ only to be found passed-out in his chair.  “Maybe we can swap roles,” Lily would say. “I’ll take the nap—I mean work—and you take Tegan.  Sound like a deal?”  By the afternoon he was having his second wind.  He could do this all day.  By the early evening he craved nothing more than slumber.  He would help with dinner while yearning for bed at six in the evening.  How wonderful it would feel to just lie in bed for hours.  But no.  The evenings were the witching hours.  This was when Tegan really learned to wield those bleating lungs of hers.  Lily: “Take her for a bit, I’ve had her all day.  But you have to walk with her.  She’ll just keep crying if you sit down.”  David would pace the living room, vibrating his daughter in his arms, patting her back, shushing obnoxiously loud.  That dream of resting in bed for hours—how fantastical.  Like winning the lottery.  No point in craving the unattainable.  By the time Tegan would settle, it was eleven at night.  David would look at the red matchstick digits on the alarm clock and wrestle back a sigh; he could not be vocal.  Lily took offence to David moaning about his lack of sleep.  He would look at the clock… and nod.  Nodding had become David Dekker’s sigh.  It was quiet, didn’t rouse questions, and implied approval.  Win-win-win.  In three hours, the sleep-deprived cycle would start all over again.
David clipped Tegan into the stroller and covered her in a crumpled transparent bubble.  “You good?” he asked.  His daughter was encased in ice, secure from the elements.  “Good.”  He looked back out the window.  It was the kind of rain you only see in films shot in Los Angeles.  The kind of rain staged by people who live in a desert… and hence base it all on what they’ve seen on television.  But he was only going to take Tegan three blocks to get a coffee and something for lunch.  He would appreciate the fresh air.  He would enjoy getting out of the house, if for no other reason than to prove to the rest of the inattentive world that David Dekker was still alive.
He had just pushed the stroller’s fat hind wheels through the lip of the front door when Margaret strode up the walkway, lowering a striped green and white golf umbrella.  Margaret’s resemblance to his wife was immediate, should Lily have been made of wax and left out in the summer sun for days upon end.  Margaret’s flaccid hair hung down to each eyebrow like a drape, and David could tell that she’d just dyed it a perfect black.  Compared to her pale skin, he thought it looked ridiculous.  No one has hair that color; she might as well color it blue.  “Where are you going?” she asked as if he was lost.
“I was just going to get a coffee,” David replied with a nod.  A hearty, heavy nod.  This is the price, he thought.  “I thought I was watching Tegan today?”
Margaret was already forcing the stroller back into the house.  “Oh, no, I’m not staying long.  Just popping by.  I’ll be in and out in no time.”  She carried a green reusable grocery bag in one hand, the pointed corners of a box nuzzling out from within.  “But you have coffee, don’t you?  I could swear you have a full bag of it.”
“Yes, but I thought I might also pick up something for lunch.”
“Oh, no,” Margaret was aghast.  “Let me get it for you.  You can’t be taking Tegan out in weather like this.”
“I figured it’s only a few blocks.”
“Oh, no.  Look at her.  She’s freezing already.”
David looked at Tegan, unsure how Margaret could ascertain her granddaughter’s internal temperature with immediate certainty.  Inside her bubble, Tegan’s expression would have made a suitable passport portrait.  “It’ll just be quick.”
“Don’t be silly, David.  I’ll go get you something.  You should stay in with her.  What would you like?”
David nodded again.  This was the price.   This was the price for being able to ‘afford’ a one-hundred-year-old house in the west side of Vancouver.  This was the price for having an address that demands envy from friends.  In any other city it would be considered a house.  A house with character.  But in the most overvalued real estate market in Canada, if not North America, David’s home was a palace.  A house with old-growth beams so solid they refused nails from a hammer.  A house dwarfed by the boulevard trees that had grown patiently over a century, absorbing the rain that falls for so much of each of those many years.  This was the price he had to pay for free daycare.  This was the price that he had to pay—and the price was not having to pay the price.  The price was a deal so great that Lily and David would have been fools to pass it up.  Lily’s parents sold their family home, a property that had increased in value tenfold over forty years, and downsized into a condo just a few blocks away.  Three and a half blocks, to be exact.  That was the deal.  If David or Lily ever wanted a chance to live in this part of Vancouver, then they would have to accept the conditions.  Margaret and Bob would pay for half of the house.  The title would be in David and Lily’s name.  David and Lily only had to agree on one stipulation: their home would be within a ten-minute walk from the condo.  Margaret didn’t want Lily relocating to some distant land.  Like the east side of the city.  Or anything that might require driving.  Margaret wanted Lily, her only child, to have the opportunity to raise a family in the same neighborhood that she grew up in.  And this was the only way.  “It’s the least we can do,” Margaret said at the time.  And so this was the price: Margaret might come by at any time and without notice, regardless of when she was meant to take care of Tegan.  Sometimes Margaret would bring groceries for dinner.  Sometimes she would come bearing gifts—like a set of seasonally themed coasters.  Sometimes she would drop off gallon jugs of juice or kilogram boxes of granola bars that she’d picked up at (the) Costco.  And sometimes she would stroll by and remind David that there was no need to take Tegan outside in such inclement weather.  She would pick up lunch for him.  “I was just going to get a sandwich,” David said.
“Okay, then let me pick it up.  I’ll get you a sandwich, but I’m pretty sure you won’t need coffee.  I dropped off a big bag just last week from the Costco.”
“Yeah, I remember that now.”
“And, here.”  She withdrew a cardboard box large enough for any assortment of useless household items.  Perhaps pumpkin shaped plates perfect for Halloween?  The holiday was just around the corner.  “Bob found these at Simpson Sears the other day.  I think you two will be able to use them.”
“Oh, thanks.” David knew that Bob had nothing to do with this purchase.  Margaret only put the onus on her husband when she figured that it was something masculine.  “What is it?”
“It’s a fondue set.”
“Oh.” David didn’t see that one coming.  “Yeah.  Fondue.”
“Bob remembered how much you like a fondue.  Or is it like to fondue?  Either way, it was such a great price and Bob figured you’d get good use out of it.  Your old fondue set must be really old.”
“I don’t think we have a fondue set.”
“You used to.  Well, this will be perfect then.”
“Thanks.”  And he remembered.  Before Lily was pregnant, when he and some friends partook in a ravenous, marijuana-induced rampage of his kitchen, David came to the conclusion that deep-frying hot dogs would be delicious (it was).  Margaret visited the following morning and noticed a pot of cold oil and charred barbeque skewers in the kitchen sink, her eyes drawn to mess like a moth to light.  She asked David if he and his friends had a fondue the night before.  He said yes.  That was it.  David was an aficionado.
Margaret said, “Okay, well keep Tegan warm and dry inside here and I’ll be back in just a few minutes.  You should probably put some socks on her.  And maybe a sweater.   Her arms are freezing.  I’ll be back with the sandwich.”
“Sure.  Thanks again, Margaret.”
“Oh, don’t mention it.  It’s the least I can do.”  She closed the door behind her, leaving David standing in the narrow hallway between the living room and office.  Tegan moaned from inside her wrinkled bubble.  Now he could let out a hearty sigh.  And then he chuckled.  Knowing his luck, Margaret would return with a hoagie from 7-11.
She did.
The Second Chapter


Brett looked uneasy, which was unusual since he was the type of man who lacked peaks and troughs in his moods, or life, for that matter.  Brett was a man in stasis.  His dark hair, with a curled swoop down his brow like the stroke of a wide paintbrush, never seemed to grow.  He spoke of going to the gym and was always fifteen pounds overweight.  He dressed exclusively in black polyester shirts with short sleeves and limp collars.  His bank-teller-blank expression granted others no insight to his thoughts or emotions.  And his life was just as routine and predictable.  He wasn’t Brett.  He was Perpetual Brett.
Having just come back from a quick and impromptu trip to Portland for the Remembrance Day long weekend, Brett had asked David and Lily if they wanted to meet up for a drink one evening—somewhere that they could bring Tegan, he assured.  Going on a weekend trip down to the States was not out of the ordinary for Brett.  Continuously single and working as a grade five teacher in an elite private school mere minutes away from David and Lily’s house, Brett regularly flew south for long weekends during the school year and vanished for entire weeks during the summer.  But Portland was different, for Brett’s holidays were all centered on golf.  This time of year he’d usually journey to Arizona, to Nevada, to southern California.   November did not seem to be the most opportune time to partake in outdoor sports in the state of Oregon.  “It’s drier down there,” Brett assured when pressed on the issue before departing.  “There are some great courses.”  And David believed him.  There seemed no reason for him to lie.
“No baby?” Brett asked as David took a seat at the table by himself.
“No.  Tegan is being… ” David took a moment to think of a term that was both appropriate and polite for describing the recent behavior of his six-month-old daughter. “Tegan is not cooperating with us this evening.  Lily is staying back with her.”
“Tegan’s being a bitch?”
David nodded with enthusiasm.  “Yes.  Tegan is being a bitch.”
“That’s too bad.  I would have liked to have seen her.”
“It’s nice to be on my own for a little.”
“The role of Mister Mom is wearing on you a little?”
“No, that’s been all right.  It’s just.  I don’t really want to get into it.  It’s fine.  I can’t complain.  How was Portland?”
“It was good.  Really good.” Brett seemed to be repressing a smile.  David was now certain that Brett had news.
“What’s up?” David asked.
“What do you mean?”
“You’re not telling me something.”
His attempt at holding back a grin looked like a facial twitch.  Brett adjusted the position of his glasses with a quick prod from one index finger.  He expelled a breath that one might expect to precede a statement.  An admission.  A few words.  But instead Brett took a sip from his beer and looked up to the television and the NFL game being broadcast.  The stubble beneath his chin, coarse black and gray sandpaper, bulged out as his lips tightened and then curled.  He didn’t seem to realize that he was smiling.
“What the fuck happened in Portland?”
“What do you mean?”
“Is that all you have to say for yourself now?”
Brett continued to focus on the television: “I’m engaged.”
David assumed that he’d heard him wrong.  “What was that?”
“I got engaged.”  Brett held up his ring-less left hand.  “It’s not as dramatic for guys.  No way to prove it, so you’ll have to take my word.”
Brett was one of those people who didn’t get into relationships.  He wasn’t offensive or ugly; he simply didn’t seem interested in enduring the stress and bother that was inherent to coupling.  He preferred to do things his own way.  A girlfriend would put a crimp on his spontaneous golfing weekends in the desert or all-night binges of downloaded HBO television shows.  This was a man who proudly claimed to have watched all five seasons of The Wire in the span of three consecutive days.  Such a tight timeframe would have permitted little opportunity for sleep and certainly no time for personal hygiene.  And the deeper into his thirties that he remained a bachelor, the more that David grew certain that Brett would soon be unsuitable for cohabitation with any other human being.  He was too used to his own routines.  He admitted that it had been so long since he’d cleaned his apartment that his own mother willingly stays in her RV when visiting.  Brett was 39 years old.  How was he possibly going to successfully coexist with someone else at this point?  “Who is she?”
“Her name’s Bonnie.  She’s from California but lives in Portland.  That’s an awesome city, by the way.  Vancouver seems to lack something compared to Portland.  A soul maybe.”
David was tired of hearing about how cool Portland was.  He was tired of hearing about their food carts and cheap craft beer.
Brett then added: “She owns her own food cart.  They sell Asian themed tacos.  Her parents are Chinese, so, you know.  It makes sense.”
“I was actually going to make a joke about food carts.”
“They’re nothing to joke about.  Down there, they are a thriving part of the economy.”
David couldn’t believe this.  Brett never spoke about people selling tacos from a glorified hot dog stand without disdain.  Brett would ridicule these people.  Brett would chastise those who spoke about Vancouver’s vacant soul.  This wasn’t right.  Brett was in love.  “So,” David tried to piece together a possible timeline here, “you went down to Portland to propose to her?”
“Not quite.  I went down to Portland to meet her.”
This was the same man who just last year said that he would never put down the toilet seat even if he were married.  Never.  He asserted that it didn’t make sense.  The seat is the cleanest part of the toilet bowl, he claimed.  If he has to remember to lift it up, then someone else should have to remember to put it down.  And now he was driving eight hours to propose to someone he’d never met in person.  David figured this must be what it’s like to talk with a friend who’d joined a cult.  Brett’s entire character seemed transplanted from someone else.  His operating system had been updated and now nothing was how David remembered it being.
“You’d never met her before and now you’re engaged?” David tried to hide his shock.  He didn’t want to impress upon Brett that he thought this was a mistake (which was what he thought).  “So, what?  You bought the ring when you were down there?”
“No, I’d bought the ring already.”
“And you’d never met her?”
“We’d Skyped a bunch.”
“Is she a mail-order bride?”
“No, no.  We met because of uCupid.”
David paused and attempted to understand what his once-sane friend was saying.  Did he actually believe that a Roman deity had intertwined their destinies?  So little was making sense at that moment that David wouldn’t be surprised.  “What do you mean?”
“The app.  uCupid.  You’ve never heard of it?”
Shaking his head, David was nonetheless relieved to know that Brett was referring to some sort of dating program—being a savvy connoisseur of mobile apps was part of the persona that David had always known.   Brett took out his phone and displayed the menu.  The uCupid icon was simple: atop a hazy, summer-sky blue background was a stout, black lowercase ‘u’ abutting a tall, stencil-thin semicircle ‘C’.  Tapping the screen, David was taken to a map of North America where a pink, pointed circle pierced the ground in northern Oregon.  David flicked his fingers to zoom in towards Portland and then towards an address just northwest of downtown.  Tapping the upside-down teardrop marker brought up a blurry profile picture and name.  Bonnie Lui.  No likes and dislikes.  No vague physical descriptions.  No employment information.  Nothing at all, besides her name, photograph, and link to her mobile phone number, which David accidentally starting calling.  He fumbled to hang up before the first ring.  “Sorry.”  David looked at Bonnie’s portrait picture, taken with an outstretched hand from her own phone.  She was on a sidewalk patio, the wind blowing aside a few strands of black hair, her thin-lipped smile so wide it revealed the glossy pink of her gums.  It was the type of smile that David assumed people make without realizing it.  No one deliberately shows off so much tissue.  “She’s pretty,” David said, realizing he had no choice but to say that.  “Doesn’t it say anything more about her?”
“Nope.  Nothing.  But it’s supposedly 99.97% accurate.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“It finds the perfect match for 99.97% of its users.”
“Not even ninety-nine point nine?  It’s 99.97?”
“That’s the claim.”
“How can anyone make a claim like that?”
“Hey, I was cynical, too.  But it works.  It’s flawless.  I’m not the love-at-first-sight type, but as soon as we started talking, I knew that this was different.”
“So it was love at first Skype?”
“I’m not even going to pretend to laugh at that one.”
“How does it find your match?”
“That took some time.  I had to answer a ton of questions, five a day for a few months.  And really weird questions.  Whether I prefer fresh squeezed orange juice over a sliced orange.  Or how many times a week I sneeze.”
“Did it ever ask you about putting down the toilet seat?”
“I don’t think so.”
“That would have been a valuable one.  This Bonnie girl doesn’t know what she’s getting herself into.”  David returned to the menu of Brett’s phone.  “And then what?”
“And then a couple of weeks ago the app told me that it had found my match.”
“Two weeks ago?”
“Two weeks ago.”  Before David could ask another question, Brett explained: “Look, I know what you’re thinking.  I would be thinking the same thing.  But it worked.  We started texting and then we called and then I decided to drive down.  I’m not one to believe in the whole one-true-love thing, but this worked.  She’s amazing.”
Something bothered David.  It wasn’t the fact that Brett was talking like a sixteen year-old boy in the throes of a crush.  It was that claim.  99.97% accuracy.  David had heard that sort of declaration before.  He asked for Brett’s phone and loaded uCupid.  Pressing the image of a cog at the top right corner of the screen, he accessed the program’s credits.  Developed by Whiplash Interactive.  He was a hyperlink away from the programmer’s website.  Ten seconds later, David stared at the screen with a slow and conciliatory nod.  He then exhaled a silent chuckle, like a puff of smoke from a toy train.  “Figures.”  
The Third Chapter


When David informed Lily about Brett’s sudden and seemingly irrational engagement, he neglected to tell her that it was his brother who created uCupid.  This wasn’t a deliberate and premeditated omission.  He pretended that it was an unimportant detail—inconsequential compared to Perpetual Brett proposing to a woman he’d never before met in person.  Lily admitted to having heard of uCupid from a couple of different people.  She thought it was a website, not an app.  And this was when David almost told her.  And by strange coincidence, it was my brother who made the app.  He hesitated, lingering over the exact words.  My brother is the one who made uCupid, actually.  His lips remained open, ready to interject.  You’d never guess who made the app, by the way.  But Lily veered the conversation back to Brett, to this Bonnie girl, to how little they knew each other.  Lily admitted that she’d found Brett a little creepy, which was an admission she had made several times before, always as if for the first time.  It wasn’t that he was annoying.  It wasn’t that he said inappropriate things.  It was just the way he was.  The way he looked through his glasses.  He seemed to peer through women’s clothes and yet remain asexual.  “Not like a pervert,” Lily said, “but like someone preparing to conduct a dissection.”  And by then, David figured that it would be inappropriate for him to bring up Xavier.  Or so he thought.  And so he said nothing about his brother.  As if he didn’t know.  As if it really didn’t matter at all.  After all, people paid attention to the authors of books and the directors of movies, but of what consequence was the developer of a program?  Apps were entities that had to survive on their own merits, not on the reputation of their creators.
The following morning, minutes after Lily left for work, David downloaded uCupid.  Less than thirty seconds and exactly 99 cents later (plus sales tax), the fourth array of his phone’s menu displayed the unassuming uC icon.  He couldn’t leave it there.  Lily and he shared the same four-digit personal identification number for everything—phones, debit cards, credit cards, alarm systems—7879, the composite years of their births.  If for some reason she needed to check his phone for something, anything, how would he explain the presence of a dating app?  One that claimed to be flawless?  He dragged the icon into a folder with discarded applications, snug between a virtual compass and a link to stock quotes.  Lily didn’t make folders on her phone.  Surely she’d never look inside one of his.
uCupid started by demanding his real name.  When David tried typing in a pseudonym, the phone vibrated and the letters pulsed an irate red.  A message at the bottom warned him that honesty was essential to the success of uCupid.  He typed in David Dekker and was granted permission to continue.  Next he was asked his age.  He did not attempt to lie.  He typed in 36 and moved on.  His photograph was then requested, but he was unable to use any images already on his phone.  You must take your photo immediately.  A countdown started on the screen.  He had ten seconds, each of which was punctuated with a grating chime like the wail of a bedside alarm clock.  After the flash, the screen flipped to display his profile picture.  It was a blurry shot of Tegan looking at her clenched left hand.
This is not your photograph.  Your honesty is essential to the 99.97% success rate of uCupid.
Before David had a chance to read both sentences, another ten-second countdown commenced.  This time it captured a photograph of the ceiling.
This is not your photograph.  Your honesty is essential to the 99.97% success rate of uCupid.  You will forfeit your chance to find true love if you do not take your photograph immediately.
“Trust Xavier to make an app that chastises its user,” David said to Tegan before turning the camera around at the last second.  It was a terrible portrait.  Looking up from the tabletop, his face seemed to be entirely beard.  Black scruffy hair from his Adam’s apple to his scalp, his blue eyes small holes cut from a shedding black sweater.  From that angle, he hardly seemed to have a forehead.  His eyebrows merged into the sprouts of gelled hair from above.  He looked like a werewolf.  At best.
Thank you for your honesty. 
There was no option to take another.  He was informed that uCupid’s setup was complete.  It never asked for his gender.  All he was required to do was answer five questions each day that would be sent to his phone when ready.  He was reminded that his honesty was essential to the 99.97% success rate of uCupid.   Genuine answers would ensure a speedier match.
Do you understand?
There was only one option.  Yes.  David tapped the virtual button and after a few seconds he was given his first question:  
Do you own an umbrella?  Yes or No.
Imagine you’re meeting someone for the very first time.  You want to know what it means to be this person, to exist within the constraints of his skin.  There would seem to be no bounds to what could be asked, for surely our souls are inexhaustibly deep.  Our souls are fractals.  And in the same way, uCupid can ask anything it wants.  But uCupid chooses to begin with whether he owns an umbrella.  David shook his head.  He felt insulted.  He then selected yes.
There was a moment of processing.
Do you ever eat cereal for lunch or dinner?  Yes or No.
David selected no.
Is your living room television mounted to the wall?  Yes or No (or do you not have a television in your living room?).
David selected no.
Do you believe in the correlation between the size of a man’s feet and the length of his penis?  Yes or no.
David selected no.
How much do you enjoy the taste of a mango?  Answer on a scale of 1 (utterly dislike) to 5 (utterly love).
David selected 3.
After another moment of ethereal thought, uCupid thanked him for answering the day’s survey.  He would be sent more questions tomorrow.  His honesty was essential to the 99.97% success rate of uCupid.  That was it.  He was spat out onto the phone’s main menu like a person from a moving car.  When he tapped uCupid’s icon, it reminded him to check again tomorrow.   Looking back up to Tegan, she was now on the cusp of fussing over the plastic shaker in her hand.  She had yet to make a sound but her lips and eyes were pursed shut.  There was no time to figure out how the shaker had done her wrong; she would erupt in seconds.  He left his phone on the table right as those first deflating gasps escaped from her lips.
The next morning, there was nothing for him on uCupid.  He checked throughout the afternoon but it always reminded him that he would be informed when the survey was ready.  It wasn’t until evening when Lily told David from across the house that he had a text.  He took his phone to the washroom.
Did you own a genuine Sony Sports Walkman in the 80s or 90s?  Yes or No.
David selected yes.
Do you believe that time travel is possible?  Yes or No.
David winced and shook his head at the absurdity of this question and the fact that there were only two choices.  He wanted to answer I don’t know.  He selected no.
How many times a week do you eat out?  1 or less, 2 to 4, 5 to 7, more than 7.
David selected 2 to 4.
Do you have a valid passport?  Yes or No.
David selected yes.
How easily do you burn in the sun?  Answer on a scale of 1  (rarely ever burn, even without sunscreen) to 5 (burn even with sunscreen).
David selected 3.
Once again, David was thanked for taking the time to answer these questions.  Another personalized set would be sent to him the following day.
As meaningless as these queries seemed to be, David continued to answer them each day.  Sometimes the five questions would be ready before his 5 a.m. shift of work, and other times they wouldn’t be sent to him until after dinner.  But a day was never missed.   And the questions never seemed to follow any discernable pattern.  Contrary to what uCupid kept asserting, it didn’t seem at all personalized.  It was only trivial.
Do you prefer bananas or oranges?
Do you prefer to drive an automobile with automatic or manual transmission?
How many times a year do you take a ‘mental health day’?
Do you believe in climate change?
If your vision were impaired, would you choose glasses or contacts?
How often do you interact with immigrants on a daily basis?
If you had to pick one, would you choose being deaf or blind?
Do you answer the phone when you don’t recognize the number?
Do you compost?
How many siblings do you have?
How many plants do you have in your home?
When was the last time you used the services of a travel agent?
Do you look at the keyboard when you type?
How often do you listen to the radio?
Do you have pictures of loved ones posted at your place of work?
Do you wear socks with holes in them?
Would you describe yourself as a morning person?
Do you think that movers should be given a tip?
Could you locate the country of Tuvalu on a map of the world in less than ten seconds?
Do you ever read in the bath?
It amazed David that Brett had both the patience and faith to continue responding to such frivolous queries on a daily basis for months.  Brett estimated that he’d answered more than five hundred questions.  And yet David required hardly a minute of online scavenging to discover hundreds of accounts from people who dutifully replied to these peculiar questions each and every day until that day.  Your uCupid match has been found.  Please accept.  While the majority of these people heralded from the Vancouver area or the Pacific Northwest of the United States, the popularity of uCupid was spreading east and west over continents and oceans.  An entire online forum was dedicated to uCupid, to people broadcasting their own stories.  Several admitted to having been happily married, or so they thought, until uCupid showed them what happiness really entailed.  They called uCupid the Angry Birds of love, certain that soon every person alive would know the uCupid name and logo.  Xavier Dekker was proclaimed a saint by these followers.  A creative genius ahead of his time.  The Steve Jobs of relationships.  David wanted to set the record straight.  It bothered him.  It bothered him even though he knew it shouldn’t have.  He knew he had no reason to care.  Why did it matter how strangers viewed Xavier Dekker, a man he hadn’t spoken to in over ten years?  How was Xavier any different to David than any other successful software engineer—than Jaakko Lisalo, the designer of Angry Birds?  What problem would it solve for David to inform the masses that Xavier never went on a single date through all of high school or university?  That he was a man who understood nothing about human relationships?  How would it change things for people to know that Xavier Dekker was a terrible listener, that he deemed all incoming conversations as trivial and inconsequential?  And what right did David have to feel any ill will towards his brother?  David knew he had no right.  He knew that what he’d told Lily was a lie.  And yet he still felt the nagging pang of resentment, as if Xavier really had done him wrong.  By being successful.  By making something that people enjoyed.  By proving to the world that he did, indeed, have an exceptional talent.
For Example


Matthew Wong is uCupid user 52174.  He lives in Vancouver, British Columbia—the GPS data from his phone shows that he rarely leaves the city limits.  Matthew Wong replies to his uCupid questions within an average of four minutes from the time that he receives them, regardless of the time of day, which means that there is an 84% chance that he works either in an office or from home (and a 63% chance that he does not find his employment demanding).  He claims to earn between $80 000 and $100 000 per year (gross), although men overestimate their salary in surveys by an average of 15%, so it is more likely that he earns between $70 000 and $87 000 in a year.  And although he responds that he is not concerned about the income of his potential partner, in actuality he is much more likely to be attracted to a partner who earns 74% of his salary.  Matthew Wong desires someone who makes enough to contribute to a comfortable lifestyle without taking charge.
Chances are, when Matthew Wong responds to having had five prior meaningful relationships, he has actually had three (each lasting an average of six months).  Since adulthood, Matthew Wong has been single 78% of the time compared to the 22% with a partner.  Matthew Wong admits to having used online dating sites before, and while he is actively seeking someone to settle down with, there is still an 18% chance that he would want out of a relationship within a year of starting one.  For someone like Matthew Wong—someone who has been single for 78% of his adult life—the allure of coupling will wane with time.  Without uCupid, Matthew Wong has a 36% chance of meeting a successful, long-term partner in his lifetime, and this probability is decreasing at an accelerating rate.  If Matthew Wong really is 34 years old (91% likelihood of this being accurate), by the time he is 38, this probability will drop to less than 10%.  He will not always be alone, necessarily, but he will quite likely die alone.
Matthew Wong’s responses allude to a man yearning for someone significantly different than him in character.  Matthew Wong believes that opposites attract, which is for the most part discredited (for the entire population, ‘opposites’ attract merely 8% of the time.  It would be much more accurate to say that shoes sizes attract (18% rate), that poor vision attracts (38% rate), or that frequent bowel movements attract (a surprisingly high 21%!)).  Matthew Wong wants uCupid to match him up with someone young, free-spirited, and impulsive to a point of being cruel.  But Matt Wong does not know what he wants.  If he did, he would not have been single for 78% of his adult life.
After the first month of responding to his daily queries, there is an 81% probability that Matthew Wong is heterosexual and interested in a female partner.  There is still, however, a 15% probability that he would be interested in either a female or male partner, and the remaining 4% chance that would exclusively prefer a male partner.  Within another month, these probabilities have settled at 98%, 2%, and negligible, respectively.   With each passing day, Matthew Wong’s answers create conditions that whittle down his potential mates.  Matthew Wong prefers peaches over cherries.  Matthew Wong took swimming lessons as a child under the age of six.   Matthew Wong would take an elevator instead of climbing two flights of stairs.  Matthew Wong only shaves every third day.  Matthew Wong wears socks around the house.  Matthew Wong has attempted to grow a moustache in the previous three years.  Matthew Wong downloads an average of six movies a month.  Matthew Wong knows which mountain range separates Europe from Asia.  Matthew Wong assumes that many of these questions are filler, that there cannot be a purpose in knowing whether he uses toilet paper when blowing his nose (he doesn’t).  But everything matters.  In fact, the more trivial and inane a query, the more significant the answer.  When people are asked about what eye or hair color they seek in a partner, they think about what they want to say.  What makes the most sense for them.  When people are asked as to what method of heating they employ in their home (central heating, water radiators, electric baseboards, wood burning stoves), they just answer the question.  They don’t think.  It took Xavier Dekker several years to accept this.  He used to scoff at the cliché that there are no stupid questions.  To him, life was full of stupid people asking equally stupid questions.  But not when it comes to love.  If Matthew Wong looks for the meaning in what he’s being asked, he will become delusional.  He will start thinking with his heart instead of his brain.  And Xavier Dekker long realized that this is the problem: love has nothing to do with the heart.  The heart is schizophrenic.  The heart is paranoid.  The heart is not only corrupt, but corrupting.  The heart is an all-round hot, sweaty, quivering mess.  The heart is the problem and uCupid removes this from the equation.
The last question Matthew Wong answers is: “Do you print a paper receipt when withdrawing money from an automated bank teller?”  Matthew answered that he did not.  But uCupid had already predicted that this would be his answer.  For the last month, uCupid had predicted his responses with 94% accuracy.  And as for that remaining 6%, uCupid predicted that 74% of those were false negatives.  Matthew Wong wasn’t answering honestly.  After three months, uCupid knew Matthew Wong better than Matthew Wong.  It was time to give him what he wanted.
uCupid selected Cynthia Shen, who according to her profile is a 31-year-old (92% certain) Asian-Canadian (97% certain) woman (99% certain) from suburban Vancouver (96% certain) who works in marketing (96% certain).  She lives in a one-bedroom condominium (87% certain) that she purchased three years ago (86% certain) with financial help from her family (91% certain) after ending a long-term relationship (94% certain) with an accountant (76% certain).  There is a 74% probability that Matthew Wong will propose to Cynthia Shen within twelve months and a 97% probability that they will marry one another within four years.   There is then an 88% probability that she will take the surname of Wong (which would have dropped to 58% should his last name have been Wang).  There is a 94% probability that they will have at least one child within six years (76% probability that they will have two).  But even with all these margins of error, there is a 99.1% probability that Matthew and Cynthia will remain together until one of them perishes (of which there is an 83% probability that this will be Matthew Wong due to his smoking habit which he doesn’t admit to). 
The Fourth Chapter


It was easy for Lily to admit that she struggled with her return to work, but not so with all the reasons why.  It wasn’t because she had to leave Tegan at six months of age.  It wasn’t because she opted out of using her entire maternity leave.   She expected those.  That was obvious.  No one needed to tell her that parting from her weary-eyed daughter at seven in the morning would render her just as weary-eyed as she walked to the bus stop.  She expected that mournful sense of abandonment.  But she also expected to find the day-to-day details of sales and events planning for a hotel trivial.  She expected her career to become a job, whereas being a mother was now her life.  She didn’t expect to swiftly settle back into her old routines, to go through a ten-hour day without looking at the clock.  How she wouldn’t think about Tegan—that gorgeous, precious girl she struggled fifteen hours to give birth to in April of that same year—unless someone asked.  Unless she saw the picture on her phone.  Lily didn’t expect to enjoy her job and the time it demanded and the stress it created as if nothing had changed in her life.  She’d call David to say that she wasn’t going to be home before six, which before Tegan wouldn’t warrant a phone call; now she had to make apologies and excuses for what were the rigors of her profession.  And it was the rigor that made her enjoy coming to work.  It was the rigor that wore her out and yet compelled her to compose emails before going to bed.  Now when David would make fun of her for not being able to leave her job at work, it felt like a jab towards her ability to be a mother.  When she would meet with clients for dinner and then subsequent drinks, it was like she was having to choose sides… and she was on the wrong side.  But Lily wanted both sides.  She didn’t want to compromise.  She wanted to meet up with clients.  She wanted to make deals.  And she wanted to be home with Tegan.  She thought only the latter would matter.  But it all mattered.  Being a mother was so much harder than she anticipated because she expected to only want to be a mother.  But she wanted everything.  Giving birth just added yet another desire.  “Oh, it changes your priorities” Lily would say, but she didn’t know if she meant it.  It was the line she heard from countless mothers when she was expecting and now she was passing it on, a rite of passage.  She loved her job.  There was a thrill to organizing a project and managing a team that couldn’t be matched by the demands of a newborn.  An inconsolable three-month-old wailing without pause and without reason was the antithesis of thrill.  For months, she spent every evening swaddling Tegan tight, holding her close to the chest, bouncing her arms and shushing loudly as if to quiet an entire class of children.  David would come down the stairs and feign surprise at the sight of Tegan crying.  As if he hadn’t heard her through those one-hundred-year-old floors.
“She’s upset?” he’d ask, keeping his distance.
Lily wouldn’t look him in the eyes.  In between shushes, she’d reply, “Yup.”
David would nod with a grimace.  Sucks to be you, he seemed to say.  Lily hoped that he would do something.  Maybe offer to take Tegan for a few minutes.  But instead he’d stand across the room, nodding and frowning.  As if she’d just stepped on an urchin, David seemed to think that there was nothing he could do.  He had no medical training, after all.
He’d then ask: “Do you think she’s hungry?”
If you were paying attention you’d know that I just fucking fed her.
That was what she wanted to say.  Her actual mumbled reply: “Nope.”
He’d repeat himself louder, as if she hadn’t heard him the first time. “Do you think she’s hungry?”
She’d look with piercing eyes.  “She’s not hungry.  I just fed her.”
“Oh.”  David would then return to his thoughts, unwilling to broach a ten-foot blast radius.  “Do you think it’s something you ate?”
Lily would shrug, which she realized was a futile reaction considering that her entire body was bouncing up and down to subdue Tegan.  But she left it at that, even though she knew that he would—
“Do you think you might have ate something that she’s reacting to?”
“Maybe.”  She hated this line of questioning.  It was easy for him to ask this, wasn’t it?  He could eat and drink whatever he wanted to and it didn’t have any effect.  All he brought to this life was a single burst of semen.  His biological attachment ended the moment he withdrew and slumped onto his side.  But should Lily think of having a bowl of fucking ice cream, well, then, she’s being selfish!  Passing on irritants through her milk.  Tormenting her innocent child just because she has a sweet tooth.
“What did you have for lunch?”
Lily turned to face the living room window.  Tegan’s cries would not relent and this seemed like the worst time to attempt a conversation.  Perhaps if she looked away, then he might go away. 
“Did you have eggs?”
“Yes, I had some eggs.”  She seemed to direct her answer to the drapes.
“I read that eggs are one of the common food sensitivities.  Maybe you should try not having them for a while?”
Tegan sniffled and coughed.  Her eyes remained shut and her lips were tight in a frown.  But Lily knew what was going to come next.  This was not over.  Tegan shook her head from side to side as if in disagreement.  And then her mouth opened wide and expelled the sound of screeching tires.  Every joint inside her was rusty and squealing.  Metal on metal.  She should be emitting smoke.  She was a perpetual motion machine of petulance.  Tegan Ophelia Dekker would never be content.  She was burning from the inside out.  She had acid for blood.  Lily hadn’t heard something like this before.  Her tongue quivered.  She ingested air so quickly she seemed to hiccup.  Tegan was absorbed with making as much noise as possible.  Lily’s skin felt as flushed as Tegan’s bulbous cheeks and wrinkled forehead.   Lily’s body was reacting as if Tegan might explode in her arms.  And David was asking her about egg consumption.  Food sensitivities.  “Let’s talk about this later.”  She said this with a tone that made it clear that she wanted to say something much more vulgar. 
David didn’t reply and Lily didn’t care to inspect his expression.  Tegan was writhing so much that she nearly slipped from her arms.  
And then he asked: “Do you want me to take her?”
“I’m fine.”
Usually David would ask if Lily was sure.  Should he ask again, Lily would relent.
He went back up the stairs.
Fuck you.
Lily likened her relationship with David to an old coat hanger: over the years it had been bent and crooked, but with gentle hands and careful motions.  It had changed shape and yet remained structurally sound.  But these last months were trying.  Their relationship had been bent and twisted so many times and in quick succession that the joints were turning bright with tiny fissures.  If they were not careful, something would snap.  Sometimes it was as if one of them was trying to make it break, twisting the same point, the same issue, again and again, back and forth, over and over.  When Lily could step back, she knew that neither was to blame.  For six months they were together all the time in that same house, neither having to leave for work.  Before Tegan, the most time she’d spent with David was a two-week holiday in Thailand.  Now they had a baby.  But it was still holding together, their relationship.  Nothing had snapped off yet.  And with Lily going back to work, once again there was space between the two of them, an essential space.  Space to stretch one’s arms and kick one’s feet.  Space to flail without hitting the other in the face.  Space to take a few deep breaths without inhaling the other’s exhaust.
So Lily wasn’t sure why she purchased uCupid.  She wasn’t looking for someone else.  She wasn’t seeking an out.  She wasn’t yearning for a fling.  She didn’t fathom the thought of divorce.  Not in the slightest.  She was happy.  She was sure of that.  Lily was confident that her relationship with David was healthy.  It wasn’t perfect, but there was no such thing as a perfect relationship.  She used to think that way.  In her twenties, Lily felt she was perpetually falling in and out of love, like the men were waves beneath her boat.  She was restless.  Canada was staid and boring.  Vancouver bound her in shackles.  She expected to move away to another country, to marry Robert, an English musician, and tour continental Europe, living from hotel room to hotel room.  She would end up in India with Tynan, an ex-banker now ready to spend the rest of his life running a bed and breakfast on the Caspian Sea.  Or every morning she would wake up to the trickling pitter-patter of water from Ricardo in the shower, part the blinds, and look out over the plummeting hills of San Francisco.  Someday she’d leave everything and everyone else behind for a man, the man, the perfect man.  The world was so vast and humanity seemingly infinite.  How could she settle for someone who grew up just a dozen kilometers away?  Someone who lived his whole life in the Vancouver area and didn’t feel much need to leave?  But she did.  With a guy she met at a house party that she only went to because her apartment didn’t have power.
Although Lily heard about uCupid from colleagues, it wasn’t until David told her about Brett that she took a look at it.  She was on her way home, sitting on the bus, her shoulders flanked by silent passengers in wet, black raincoats.  If not for her phone, Lily would have to choose between staring at a man’s denim-clad crotch or a woman’s sagging sweatpants.  She was bored, uncomfortable, and curious.  And it was only 99 cents.  She could purchase the app twice for less than a single bus fare.  Even if David did look at the credit card bill (which he never did), his eyes would gloss right past such an inconsequential purchase.  It required little thought and even less remorse to tap the purchase button.  Thirty seconds later, the blue and black uCupid icon appeared.  She typed her name, took a profile picture that uCupid refused to change (considering the weather conditions and the aqua lights of the bus, her face looked as clammy and pale as someone recovering from the Norovirus), and answered her introductory five questions:
How important is the meal of breakfast to you?
Do you prefer red wine or white wine (or neither)?
How many cups of coffee do you drink in a week?
Do you require corrective lenses?
Do you check the weather forecasts on a daily basis?
She’d been warned about the absurd questions and yet still felt cheated when thanked for answering the day’s allotment.  She put away her phone and began to make her way through the sodden mass of people between her and the back doors.  When she laid her umbrella against the railing aside the top step of the house and pushed open the front door, David was on the couch, flinching up from a nap.  “Hey,” he muttered while blinking heavily.  The baby monitor was propped up on the coffee table and he inspected the streaming video of Tegan’s crib.  Lily could see him breathe a tiny but grateful sigh that he tried to subdue.  He then nodded.  Evidently he hadn’t slept through his daughter’s demise.
The Fifth Chapter


David depressed the doorbell with one hand while swaying Tegan’s car seat in the other.  He had not seen his father in over a month.  This meant that Nikolas Dekker had not seen his granddaughter in over a month.  If Nikolas were like David’s friends’ parents, he might exchange some polite and brief pleasantry upon opening the door, but little more than seconds would be wasted before procuring the child.  However, when Nikolas Dekker opened the door, he did so first with caution, not removing the brass chain before identifying David.  Through the tanned square lenses of his glasses, Nikolas’s eyes swung from David’s face to that of Tegan below.  He closed the door and then opened it wide.  “Come in quickly,” he said without patience before walking back towards the dining room with a shuffling march.  Nikolas hadn’t lived in the Netherlands in more than fifty years, but his accent never seemed to wane.  Every individual consonant was pronounced with admiration and respect, making words like milk polysyllabic.  He then added: “And close the door behind you.”  Although quite certain that he’d never forgotten to close a door behind himself, David was neither surprised nor offended.  It was cold out.  He expected his father to be wary of letting the warmth escape.  This was nothing new.  David knew what to expect.  They would then take a seat in the dining room.  A tidy and deliberate stack of newspapers would tower from one corner of the maple table.  Whatever particular section Nikolas was reading would occupy the rest of the desktop, the newsprint parallel to the adjacent edges.  David would put Tegan’s car seat onto a chair and watch his father read the newspaper.  This was what they did.
But Nikolas led David upstairs, his skeletal fingers gripping the railing tight in order to ascend two at a time.  David could never tell if his father was in great shape for a seventy year-old man, or if he was just too stubborn to let ailments and pain get in the way.  “Let me show you something,” Nikolas said.  David followed from behind, still carrying Tegan’s car seat.  “Careful with the walls.  Don’t bang them with Tegan’s seat.”  A scuffed and paint-splattered aluminum stepladder blocked the upstairs hallway that once connected his and Xavier’s bedrooms.  The opening to the attic had been replaced by a square piece of plywood with an impeccably drawn black circle the size of a basketball hoop.  A dozen orderly feet of yellow electrical cable led to a jigsaw on a piece of unfolded newsprint (the edge of which was aligned perfectly with the baseboard).
“What are you doing?” David asked after failing to formulate some sort of hypothesis.
Nikolas seemed disappointed that his son would give up so easily.  “Make a guess.”
“I really don’t know.”  He put down the car seat.  “Putting in new lights?”
Nikolas was focused on the floor by David’s feet.  “Is that clean?”
“The car seat?  Yeah.”
“I don’t want grease on the carpet.” 
“There’s no grease,” David lifted the seat back up to show its plastic bottom.
“It leaves marks on the table when you put it there.  Trust me.”
“Okay.”  David wisely conceded defeat and lifted the car seat back off from the ground.   This was why Lily preferred for David to visit his father on his own time.  Lily did not have the patience to agree.  Lily knew the car seat left no marks anywhere and would try to convince Nikolas of this fact.  But David knew that only a fool tried convincing Nikolas of any facts, for Nikolas knew that he was in possession of all of them.  “So, what are you doing?”
Nikolas sighed and let that sound linger between the two of them.  He then explained that he was installing a rotary fan to propel warm air into the attic, which in turn would draw cool air from the basement and temper the house on those balmy summer evenings.  It was obvious.  Nikolas not only included an involved description of how the process of convection worked, but he also divulged details such as the power source, the mechanism for controlling speed, as well as the diameter and RPM of the fan.  David nodded without asking questions, swinging Tegan’s car seat and wondering just why his father would be doing all this in the month of December.  But he dared not ask such questions.  He only wanted to finish this conversation and make his way back to the dining room where he could (hopefully) put down Tegan and relieve his weary right arm.
In the span of two months at the age of eighteen, David graduated from high school, his parents separated, and he moved away to start university.  That same summer, Xavier took up residence with their mother in her apartment.  He, too, did not want to stay with Nikolas.  And Nikolas didn’t seem insulted.  In fact, Nikolas seemed pleased.  Finally, he could mold the house in his own image.  But there were no sudden, wholesale changes to the family home.  Nikolas was an incrementalist.  First he replaced the cloth drapes, swapped them with gray curtains as thick as military blankets.  Over a two-year period he exchanged every trace of the old blue shag carpet with laminate flooring disguised as light oak.  Discontented with just the idea of floorboards potentially shifting beneath his feet, Nikolas secured the corners of these slats with flush brass screws.  One day, David noticed that all the walls had been painted the same clinical, toothpaste white.  That the two trees in the backyard were now stumps.  That garage-grade metal shelves storing dozens of unlabeled cardboard boxes overtook the walls in every room.  That the opening to the old wood-burning fireplace was sealed with a sheet of plywood like the doorway to a vacant home—and then the same with the space where there was once a dishwasher.  That every door in the house had a lock on it (the rationale being that if a burglar ever did manage to infiltrate the exterior defenses of Nikolas’s home, the criminal would then have to contend with secured doors at every subsequent step).  But this occurred over a decade, so gradually that David had difficulty remembering what the house used to be like.  He began to recollect his childhood with these same sparse features, white walls, metal shelves, locks, plywood boards and brass screws everywhere.
Back at the dining room table—the one constant of the house that spanned all four decades—David heard the chirp from his phone.  His daily allotment of uCupid questions was ready and waiting for him.  He then decided to broach a subject he rarely opened in front of his father.  His brother.
“Did you hear about Xavier’s latest app?”
“What?” Nikolas quickly replied as if David had said something completely nonsensical, a random string of seven words.
“Zave made a new program that you might have heard about.”
“Who?”
“Xavier.”
“How?”
“Maybe you would have read about it in the paper?”
“When?”
“I don’t know.  It’s been getting more and more press of late.”
“Why?”
“Because it’s selling quite well.”
Nikolas shrugged his shoulders and shook his head.  One would think that David was asking about celebrity gossip.  “I don’t know.” Nikolas said.  “I haven’t heard anything.”
David was disappointed that his father was unable to find a way to ask where.  He was so close to completion.  “It’s called uCupid.  It’s a match making service.”
“What do you mean?”
“It’s like a dating service.”
“He finds you a date?”
“The app does, I guess.”
“Sounds stupid.”
“It’s gaining a lot of attention.”
Nikolas merely grunted as if to insinuate that Xavier was wasting his life with such distractions.  Perhaps if he had spent his time doing something useful—like mechanical engineering—then Nikolas might pay more attention.  He said, “I never heard about it.”
“I’ve gathered that.”
Nikolas shrugged his shoulders and returned to the newspaper’s crossword puzzle.  Without looking up from the page, Nikolas asked: “Have you been talking with him?”
David thought of lying.  He could feel holier than thou.  Nikolas would never know.
David answered, “No.”
“How do you know this then?”
“It’s just one of those things you hear about.  A friend of mine met his fiancé because of this.  It’s going viral.  Zave could make a lot of money from it.”
Nikolas nodded.  He filled in a five-letter word with deliberate and careful capital letters.  He nodded again in appreciation of his work while savoring a refreshing sip of lukewarm tap water.  He placed the porcelain mug back down atop a cork coaster and exhaled while reading the next clue.  He could have been alone.  But David wasn’t bothered.  David was used to this.  Tegan was starting to fuss.  This would be an opportune time to leave; soon the streets would bog down with traffic.  Nikolas would understand.  Nikolas was rarely willing to drive more than a few blocks these last years because of his moderately racist intolerance for other drivers.  “Well, I think we should maybe get going,” David said.
“When was the last time you spoke with him?”
“Sorry?”
“With Xavier.   How long has it been since you talked to him?”
Thirteen years.  “A long time.”
“You should talk to him,” Nikolas advised with his eyes on the matrix of letters and blanks before him.  “He’s your brother.”
David wasn’t sure what to say.  From his father’s tone, one would assume that Nikolas had a better track record.  “When was the last time you spoke with him?”
“You know the way he is.  He won’t talk to me, but he will talk to you.”
“Why do you think he will talk to me?”
“You should try and talk with him.”
“Okay.”  David stood up, pretending to relent.  “I’ll try giving him a call.”
“Good.”  Nikolas looked at the page in front of him, ignoring David for a moment before glancing back up.  “You’re leaving now?”  He asked in a way that made it sound like it was his idea.
“Yeah.”
“Make sure you check your attic and measure the distance to the nearest electrical main.”
“Sure.”
“And close the door behind you on the way out.”
The Sixth Chapter


Although it was agreed that Lily’s parents would come by to babysit after Tegan was down for the night, Margaret and Bob arrived at five in the evening, before Lily had returned home from work.  Tegan was napping and David felt that he had the house to himself.  Had.  Bob hauled a pair of cumbersome grocery bags up the front steps with abbreviated steps.  “We brought salmon,” Margaret said with a tone that assumed David would be ecstatic.  David nodded limply, lamenting the passing of his solitude.  He wasn’t ready for small talk, not yet.  Before his very eyes, something precious had just been stolen—and the thief was demanding prattle as if in compensation.  Margaret wiped the condensation from her glasses with the end of her shirt.  “I hope you weren’t in the middle of something.”
“Oh, no.”  Although David wasn’t doing anything, it still felt like a lie.  “I just didn’t know you were coming by.  I would have cleaned up.”
“I sent you a text.”
David pulled out his phone.  The ringer was off.  There was a text message from Margaret, sent an hour earlier.  It read: Hope you donut mind if we make supper.  LOL
“Oh, yeah.”
“We thought it would be nice to make dinner for you two.  Give you two a break.”
Bob placed the groceries on the kitchen counter.  “Don’t you say we.  It was your idea.”   He then descended into the living room sofa, expelled a long breath and wiped his brow.  Clearly Margaret had made them walk and now he wasn’t going to get up until time to consume.  There was a simple and honest intention to all of Bob’s actions that David respected.  Whereas Margaret would flutter from one room to the next, Bob would sit.  He wouldn’t demand a conversation.  He preferred it when people left him alone.  Whereas Margaret would expel comments and questions to season any and all silence, Bob seemed to only converse begrudgingly.  And three years of retirement had simply narrowed this focus.  He could spend nearly an entire day sitting in one spot while Margaret buzzed around him in orbit.  It wasn’t so much that he was lazy, but instead just efficient; he didn’t see the point in doing anything more than necessary.  He was neither a hunter nor gatherer.  He was retired.  Why exert for the sake of exertion when you have arthritis?  Even his name, Bob (never Robert), was a perfect encapsulation of his character.  Short.  Rotund.  To the point, but with many rounded edges.
Margaret was unpacking the bags and setting up the ingredients along the kitchen counter, making it hers.  “David, what is this music you’re listening to?”  She attempted to ask as if she were merely inquiring about the artist or genre.  But David knew that she wanted it silenced.  He apologized and did just that.  “Oh, you don’t have to turn it off,” she said.
“Don’t do anything different just because we’re here.” Bob added from his spot on the couch while trying to remember which remote turned on the television.
“No, that’s all right.  It’s the one on the left.”  David pointed to the appropriate device.  “Hold down the power button for a second or two.”
“God damn these things, I’ll remember it someday.”
“No you won’t.” Margaret said from the kitchen.  It was a very accurate statement that Bob couldn’t argue.  He watched the television pop into life and then searched the guide for the local evening news.  Each time he depressed the remote control’s cursor with his thumb he seemed to be crushing a spider beneath a napkin, he was so forceful.
“Yes,” Margaret then began as if asked a question.  “I was just going to bake the salmon with a little bit of lemon and dill.”
David had to say something.  “Sounds good.”
“We couldn’t pass them up when we were at the Costco.  They looked great and were so cheap.”
“Oh yeah.”
“And Bob and I haven’t had salmon in ages.  I don’t think we’ve had it since the Coutts were over in the summer, right Bob?”
There was nothing David could add and so he remained silent.  But something bothered Bob.  His furry eyebrows clenched down like a pair of pewter moustaches.  He called out to Margaret: “You made it just last month when we had the Louies over for dinner.”
“Did we?”
Bob answered without hesitation, “Yes you did.”
“I’m sure I didn’t make salmon.”
“Well I’m sure you did.  I’d remember.  I ate it.”
“And I’m the one who would have cooked it, so I think I’d remember as well.”
“Well, you obviously don’t remember it.”
Margaret put down her knife and ceased all food preparation.  This would necessitate absolute focus.  “You’re thinking back in the spring when Elizabeth and William came over.  That’s when I made salmon.”
“Yes, but you also made salmon for the Louies when they were over last month.”
“We didn’t have them over last month.  That was at least a couple of months ago.”
“Well, whenever it was, it hasn’t been since the summer since we had salmon.   Maybe two months.”
“I’m sure I didn’t make salmon when they came by.”
“And I’m sure you did.”
“You know what you’re remembering?” Margaret said, “You’re thinking of when Tracey and Jim came over last year.  We had that salmon that Jim caught himself.”
Now Bob was insulted.  “That wasn’t Tracey and Jim.  It was Carole and Adrian.
“Yes.  Yes.”
“And that was more than a year ago.”
“Well, I don’t know what else you can be remembering.  I didn’t make it for the Louies.  There hasn’t been a good deal on salmon in months.”
“I don’t know what you paid for it.  I just know that you made me eat it.”
“I don’t even think that’s true.   I don’t know what you’re remembering.  When the Louies came by, I made a roast.”
“You haven’t made a roast in months.”
“Yes I did!  I made a roast when the Louies came over.”
“I would remember that.” Bob assured.
“And why wouldn’t I?”
“I don’t know why you don’t remember.  Because you’re getting old, I guess.  But I’d remember if you made a roast because I’d rather have a roast then some God damn salmon, which you made just last month for the Louies.”
“Maybe if you had to cook something once in your life you’d remember properly.”
“I’d cook if you let me cook.”
Margaret choked on her laughter.  “Then why don’t you get off your ass right now and cook us dinner?”
“If I was going to cook, then it wouldn’t be salmon.  I can tell you that.”
“So now you’re saying you don’t like salmon?”
“No.  I’m saying I don’t care about salmon.  There’s a difference.”
“Well, at least David will enjoy this meal if you won’t.”
“It sounds delicious,” David said without breaking from his pantomime of watching the weather forecast.
“Don’t encourage her,” Bob muttered.
“And contrary to what your father-in-law says, we haven’t had this in a long time.”
The door then opened and Lily entered.  David could have jumped for joy.  “Hey, Lil.”  He said while standing up.  “Your mother is making us dinner.  I’m going to go up and check on Teegs.”  He hurried out of the room and up the stairs. 

Although he had only a single memory of a single photograph to base his judgments on, Brett’s fiancé was not like David expected.  Bonnie’s unfocussed profile picture couldn’t ever relay the depth of those obsidian eyes and the ceramic smooth skin of her wide cheeks.  Perhaps this was the rationale for the take-your-picture-now-or-never setup of uCupid.  People looked better in person than their profile.  One was unable to comb through hundreds or thousands of photographs to find those three or four that concealed a dozen superfluous pounds and a decade of aging.  Bonnie found Brett distressing—even disturbing—but would then give him a kiss that pinched the skin of his unshaven cheek.  Brett looked as if he couldn’t believe his good luck, which was warranted, David figured.
“Hey,” Bonnie interjected in the middle of a conversation about uCupid, pointing at David.  “Are you the guy whose brother made the app?”
Lily laughed at the ridiculous and random question.
David nodded, as if with guilt.  “Yeah.”
“That’s crazy,” Bonnie said, oblivious to Lily’s reaction.  “What are the chances?”
Lily stared at David with her mouth agape.  Words would surely flow forth at any moment.  Her eyes were narrowed and focused.
David replied, “I’m sure if anyone could calculate those odds, it would be my brother, and with great precision.”
“When Brett told me that I didn’t even believe him.  You know how he says things that are lies but he doesn’t let on for a long time?  Does he do that to you guys to?”
David nodded, still surprised that Lily wasn’t making a comment.  “Yes, he does that.”
“Are you all right?” Brett then asked, looking at Lily.  “You look like you’re ready to eat your husband.”
Lily laughed.  She continued to stare.  “You never told me that Xavier made uCupid.”
David was awaiting this response.  He knew there was no point in lying.  He wasn’t even sure why he didn’t tell Lily in the first place.  “Yeah, I guess it never came up.”
“If it makes you feel any better,” Brett said, “I didn’t even know he had a brother.”
Lily still couldn’t quite believe this.  “Your brother made uCupid?”
“Yeah.  He does that.  He makes apps.  He goes by Whiplash Interactive.  It’s a reference to his favorite Metallica song.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I don’t know.  I don’t like to talk about him.”
Bonnie asked, “I’m guessing you’re not close with your brother?”
“He’s evil.”  Lily declared as if without hyperbole.
“He’s not evil.”
“I want to hear more about him being evil,” Brett said.  “How come I haven’t heard about him before?”
“Because he’s not evil.”
Lily scoffed.  “All he thinks about is himself and money.  He refused to even come to our wedding.”
“Where does he live?” Bonnie asked.
“Port Moody.” David said.
“Is that far?”
“It’s twenty minutes away.” Lily said.
Brett shook his head.  “More like forty-five minutes.”
Lily shook her head.  “I can’t believe you never told me that.”
“I’m sorry for bringing this up,” Bonnie was clearly nervous that she’d sparked an argument.  “I guess I assumed it wasn’t a secret.”
“Please, don’t apologize.  It wasn’t meant to be a secret,” David said before Lily might have a chance to add something.  “I don’t really like to talk about him.  I don’t know.  It came as quite a surprise to me, as well.  It’s not like he called me up to tell me.  We haven’t spoken in some ten years, or so.  I only found out when I Googled uCupid.”
“I just can’t believe that Xavier is the one who made uCupid.”  Lily huffed, as if recalling a joke that she’d once laughed at but was no longer funny.  “Isn’t he autistic?  What would he know about relationships?”
David shook his head, uncomfortable with people piling on his absent brother—even though this was all David’s fault.  He was the one who said all these things about Xavier.  Lily was simply following the script that David had composed for her.  “He’s just a little awkward.”
“Look at you,” Lily said, “You’re standing up for the guy now.”
“I’m trying to keep an open mind.”
“You don’t need to have an open mind about Xavier.  You know more than enough about him.” Lily nudged David and pointed to Brett and Bonnie with a twitch of her chin.  “Come on, then.  Tell them why you guys don’t talk.  Tell them what he did.”
What Xavier Did


By all accounts, Sheila Maclean and Nikolas Dekker shouldn’t have married one another, but Xavier’s hasty conception and the couple’s not-devout-but-definitely-serious religious leanings did away with any other options.  And while their family was never one of mutual love, it was, for a time, one of mutual respect.  Nikolas made sacrifices.  As a mechanical engineer, he not only worked long hours for days on end, but he’d leave home for outposts so northerly that the people there admonished the rest of Canada as being “southerners.”  He sacrificed so that Sheila could raise Xavier in comfort.  And Sheila sacrificed.  She wanted a career.  Before Nikolas, she dreamt of being an architect.  She was inspired by the feminist movement and yearned to return to school, to compete in the world of men.  But she couldn’t.  Xavier needed her.  Nikolas was rarely home, often away for days or weeks at a time.  Even when in town on the weekends, Nikolas would emerge from his bedroom before six in the morning with feathery steps and leave for work.  During these years, the Dekker house was Sheila’s house.  She painted the walls pansy purple and canola yellow.  She hung prints and played The Beatles, The Stones, The Velvet Underground, Lou Reed and Fleetwood Mac. These were the happiest years in their relationship—those times when Nikolas worked 80-hour weeks and Sheila danced freely with Xavier in the kitchen at any time of the day.  And by all accounts, there was a 99.9% chance that this would carry on until Xavier finished high school, at which point Sheila and Nikolas Dekker would semi-amicably divorce.  A 99.9% probability that after two decades, Sheila Dekker would need to sacrifice no more.
In terms of inhibiting conception, an intrauterine device has a 99.9% success rate.  David Dekker was that 0.1%.  Sheila didn’t think it was possible for her to be pregnant—99.9% easily rounds up to 100%, which implied absolute certainty.  When her doctor confirmed that it was indeed possible, he told her of another complication.  Leaving in an IUD for the full term could lead to developmental problems.  Removing it could trigger a miscarriage.  She went with the latter.
Xavier was ten when David first opened his eyes to the world in the summer of 1978.  For his entire life, Xavier felt that he had the house and Sheila to himself, but now there was this cantankerous and altogether unpleasant creature taking over the room across the hallway where he used to store his toys.  Xavier didn’t understand why it mattered that this wheezing and wailing irritant was his brother.  Xavier figured that he had nothing to do with David’s arrival.  He didn’t solicit a sibling.  Xavier asked his mother if David was going to be this loud all the time.  She said that all babies cry, but Xavier didn’t believe her; Xavier couldn’t have been like this when he was so young.
As David grew older, Xavier remained hesitant.  Sure, David no longer screamed for hours on school nights, but once bipedal, David wouldn’t leave Xavier alone.  Even as an adult, Xavier could remember the first time David opened his bedroom door.  The doorknob turned as if by some supernatural force.  Once, twice, three times to no avail.  David moaned and then tried again.  The latch released, the door flung open, and David tumbled onto the carpet.  Xavier told him to leave and David did just that—he stumbled out and closed the door behind him.  And then David opened it with a single try, his face beaming and mouth open wide, a budding superhero who’d just discovered flight.  For the next ten years, David was forever opening Xavier’s door and asking him questions or demanding that they play games together.  David was perpetually bored and never accepting that his older brother might be uninterested in spending time with a child.
The muffled rumblings of an argument could be heard through the house.  Xavier would be downstairs playing Defender on the Atari 2600, with David an impatient spectator.  Xavier twisted the thimble volume knob so that the game’s sound effects concealed Nikolas and Sheila’s exact words.  Xavier knew to stay downstairs.  Xavier knew to keep playing.  But David didn’t know anything.  David respected nothing.  David demanded a turn even though Xavier wasn’t done.  A six-year-old wouldn’t last more than a couple of minutes.  But David didn’t take orders.  He’d punch Xavier and pull the blocky joystick out from his hands.  Xavier would push him against the couch. “Screw off,” he’d order, his words merged into a monosyllabic grunt, and David would threaten with fleeting steps towards the stairs: “I’m telling Mom you hit me.”  Xavier would order for him to stay but David never listened.  He’d scurry towards the bedrooms and twist the knob.  Opening the door to their parents’ argument was like pulling apart a wound.  Now it spilled through the hallways and down the stairs.  Now everyone was angry and in pain.  Nikolas would slap him across the cheek for interrupting and David would collapse to the floor, screaming.  Sheila would curse at her husband for striking a boy.  And Nikolas would march down the stairs, each step quivering the plaster ceiling above Xavier.  “Godverdomme,” Nikolas cursed before slamming the front door shut.  Xavier knew all this would happen.  Xavier told David that this would happen.  Even though Xavier didn’t know that David was an accident, he knew that David was a mistake. 
David never used to think that it was strange that his twenty-year-old brother didn’t go out in the evenings.  That he would come home from classes on a Friday afternoon, play Kings Quest II straight through to six in the morning the following day, sleep until the afternoon, and then carry on.  Carry on, that is, until eleven at night on Saturday.  Then the basement television would be tuned to PBS.  Xavier and Sheila would sit on the couch, lights low, and watch Doctor Who.  Doctor Who was the little secret that only Xavier and Sheila seemed to know about.  If anyone else at university even heard of the British science-fiction show, they’d then mock it for its lackluster production values.  One could almost see the fishing line holding up the Lego spacecraft, they’d say.  But these witless peers missed the point.  Nikolas missed the point.  David missed the point.  Only Sheila and Xavier understood.  Doctor Who wasn’t about special effects.  Doctor Who wasn’t meant to be a lavish production.  Doctor Who encapsulated the infinite potential of all time and all space.  It was a vessel for limitless creativity.  At one in the morning, Xavier would turn off the television, Sheila would wish him a good night, and he’d return to the computer at the other side of the room.  This was not unusual for someone in his twenties, David figured.  This was what it was like to be an adult—and to a twelve-year-old boy, playing video games and watching television all weekend seemed like a pretty good life.  It wasn’t until Xavier graduated with his computer science degree, began working as an undervalued programmer at a large and sprawling video game company, and still played computer games all weekend and watched Doctor Who with his mother that David questioned the normalcy of all of this.  When David discovered alcohol, marijuana, and psychedelic mushrooms, it worked in his favor that the Dekker family was fragmented and dysfunctional.  He could come and go with ease.  By then, his mother was no longer the same woman she was before David.  She wanted out from her marriage with Nikolas, but she didn’t have any illusions of doing something new.  She wasn’t going to become an architect.  She wasn’t going back to school.  She just wasn’t going to live with Nikolas.
Sheila and Nikolas Dekker formally separated a week after David finished high school.  David didn’t care.  He was going to move out of home anyways, move out of the suburbs to the city of Vancouver to start university.  Xavier would find an apartment with Sheila.  And Nikolas would remain in the family home and make it his.
Sheila was fifty years old.  She wasn’t sure what she had planned for the rest of her life, but she looked forward to spending it with Xavier as long as he needed her.  She looked forward to staying in on Saturday nights, watching reruns of Doctor Who.  She didn’t plan on meeting someone else.  She didn’t plan on travelling the world.  She didn’t have any plans at all.  She was just going to live.  Two years later she was diagnosed with cancer of the liver.  Mere months after that it had spread to her spine.  She was going to die.  She was put on a steady morphine drip; addiction didn’t matter.  It was just about the pain, that relentless throbbing deep in the marrow of her bones, an uncontrolled rotting from the inside out.  The sort of pain that makes one wonder just what was the point of enduring.  In a single year she lost forty pounds.  Went from having the rest of her life ahead of her to just a matter of months.  And in those last weeks, she could hardly stay awake or focus on who was in the room.  Her pale skin hung from her bones, deflated.  And then one night she stopped living.
The inheritance should have been simple.  Sheila asked for all her assets to be split between her two sons.  But she neglected to be explicit.  She never said 50/50.  Just ‘split.’  Divided in some way.  Xavier was adamant that this was not an oversight.  She wrote this because she knew that David did not deserve a 50% cut.  Xavier was the one who lived with her.  Xavier was the one who watched Saturday night Doctor Who.  David had nothing to do with the family.  He acted as if ashamed of being a Dekker.  David didn’t deserve 50%.  That was the way Sheila would have wanted it.
David was twenty-three.  Xavier was thirty-three.   David didn’t have the energy, or perhaps the perseverance, to fight Xavier.  He agreed to a reduced amount.  He didn’t care.  He didn’t want to bother with it any longer.  What he wanted was to be free of his family.  He wanted to be done with Xavier.  He wanted a chance to grow up and move on just like anyone else.  After that, David didn’t have a reason to contact Xavier.  David used to joke that he and Xavier were half-brothers.  And then step brothers.  But after Sheila’s death, David became an only child.
Until now.
The Seventh Chapter


David had no intention of contacting his brother.  He’d told himself that story of Xavier’s egregious greed so many times that he almost believed it.  David didn’t want to hear about the number of uCupid users.  He didn’t want to learn of Xavier’s projections of future growth.  He already knew these things.  Anyone with a few minutes and access to the Internet could learn about this.  The idea of calling Xavier felt akin to contacting some old, fleeting friend from elementary school.  Xavier was someone David spent a lot of time in close proximity to for the first half of his life, but that was all.
And still David diligently answered his daily allotment of uCupid questions.  Do you ever dye your hair?  When is the last time you ate a fresh pineapple?  In cold weather, would you wear gloves or mittens?  Have you ever been to New Jersey?  Do you drink tap water?  What do you think are the chances that you will die in your sleep?  How often do you pay off your entire credit card debt?  Are you a Starbucks Gold Card member?  Do you put ketchup on your French fries?  Do you make an effort to get the flu shot each year?  Do you pick your nose when no one is looking?  Do you light your home with incandescent bulbs?  Do you floss regularly?  Can you remember the name of your Kindergarten teacher?  Do you know the capital city of Australia?  Do you enjoy sushi (with raw fish)?  Did your parents pay you money for completing your chores as a child?  Have you ever been married?  David wondered if Xavier knew that he was a user, if Xavier was tracking David’s answers.  Some were quite personal.  How often do you masturbate?  Have you ever cheated on your partner?  Do you enjoy the smell of your own flatulence?
David was watching Tegan putter around on the living room floor while Lily soaked in the bath.  David only intended to check the weather forecast.  Both the television’s remote control and Lily’s phone were within reach on the coffee table.  He figured it would be faster to use her phone.  He picked it up and punched in the four-digit passcode without looking.  The screen dimmed a threatening red and the phone growled in his fingers.  Wrong passcode.  He tried again, watching each numeral illuminate beneath his fingertips.  7879.  Wrong passcode.
If he kept this up her phone would lock so he put it back on the glass tabletop.  He didn’t care about the weather anymore.  It was February.  It was going to rain.  But why did Lily change her passcode?  Did it matter?  Was it something he could ask her about without sounding paranoid?  Because he was certain that he wasn’t being paranoid.  He was just surprised.  He was just thinking.  Asking himself questions.  A lot of questions in a short period of time.  Was that different from being paranoid?  He wasn’t going to ask her when she came downstairs, her hair still wrapped in a plush moss towel.  He knew it would sound petty and insecure.
He said: “Hey, I didn’t mean to snoop, but I tried to use your phone to check the weather and I noticed you changed the passcode.”  Lily was in the kitchen, out of sight.  He added, “That’s probably a good idea if we start changing things up a bit.”
“Yeah, I changed it a while back,” Lily answered.
“Do you think that someone might have found it out?”
“I don’t know.  Like you said, I figured it’s probably time to change it up.”
David waited for Lily to offer him the new passcode.  It seemed only obvious that she would.
She walked into the living room and knelt down beside Tegan.  “What were you going to check?”
“Just the weather.”
“Couldn’t you just turn on the television?”
“Yeah, but I thought it would be faster to check on your phone.”
Lily picked up Tegan, who immediately reached up for the towel; it didn’t belong on her mother’s head.  “You’re a busy man, I see.  No time to turn to the weather channel.”
“I was just curious and wanted to quickly check.”  
Lily placed Tegan on her lap as the towel unraveled in her daughter’s hands.  Lily was done with the conversation.  David waited for her to offer the passcode.  It seemed like the obvious thing to do.  He thought of being direct, but that would most definitely sound paranoid.  So he said nothing.
Then Lily looked up and asked: “I can tell you it, if you want.”
“Nah.” David shrugged his shoulders and smiled as if offered something utterly useless.  A jar of pickles for breakfast.  “I was just curious.”
And that wasn’t a lie.  David was (mostly) just curious.  It wasn’t that he was going to lose any sleep over this.  It wasn’t that he felt certain that Lily was hiding something.  There was absolutely no reason to think this.  It just didn’t completely vanish from his thoughts.  And when a man works from home, he has a lot of time to ponder even his most trivial of thoughts.  When asked about how his relationship with Lily had been holding up since the birth of Tegan, David would say that it was fine.  That they are a little bit snippy with each other, but fine.  He wasn’t lying.  He just hadn’t really thought about it more than that.  He really thought they were fine.  And that was it.  Until now.  Until he found out that Lily changed her passcode.  Every little argument now seemed to take on a different, ominous tone.  Tegan would be crying on Lily’s shoulder and he’d ask her a question.  Maybe if she needs him to get something.  Or if she wants another cup of coffee.  But Lily couldn’t quite hear him over Tegan’s wet-sneakers-on-a-tile-floor screech.  She’d ask David to repeat himself with a disheartened glare that said, Don’t ask me anything right now.  He’d wave his hand and say that it’s not important, to which Lily would shake her head and groan.  Or he’d imagine that she groaned.  He couldn’t actually hear her.  And he’d walk away, knowing to give Lily a few minutes before asking her again.  This happened all the time over the last few months.  Several times a day, perhaps.  It was just par for the course, he used to think.  But now he wondered if these little bouts were somehow cumulative.  Like that myth that there is a baseball-sized clump of undigested red meat in a carnivore’s stomach, building and festering.
The day after discovering that Lily had changed her passcode, David decided to make a concerted effort to find Xavier’s phone number.  The last time he’d called his brother was more than ten years ago.  Contrary to what Lily believed, David did not attempt to contact Xavier for his wedding.  David didn’t want him there, yes, but more importantly David knew that Xavier wouldn’t want to be there.  Xavier wouldn’t want to be dealt with the inconvenience of an invitation.  David looked through forgotten journals, worn address books, anywhere he used to record phone numbers.  Flipping to the last few pages of a coil-ring notebook, it seemed not so much quaint as it did archaic.  He found the contact information for old friends, old colleagues, old girlfriends, old girls he’d yearned to become girlfriends, and even a few names that did not sound at all familiar.  But nothing on Xavier Dekker.  It was the omen he was waiting for, David figured.  If he couldn’t find his brother’s phone number, then he would cease pondering the notion of speaking with him once again.
David flipped through a mangled, crumb-filled copy of The Georgia Straight that remained on a table at a coffee house.  Tegan slept in the stroller, which he rocked back and forth with one hand.  When David was in his twenties, he looked forward to each weekly issue of “The Straight,” eager to read about the bands it heralded under the Just Announced column.  Now it was just a matter of habit.  He didn’t recognize any of the acts that were detailed.  Still, he flipped from page to page.  He was making an effort, he liked to think.  If he didn’t bother looking, then he was giving up.  Then he was conceding to age.
And then there was Xavier Dekker, staring right back at him from the thirteenth page.
David flipped past before turning back.  A quarter-page article summarized the growth of uCupid, its text wrapped around a black and white photo.  The caption read, uCupid designer Xavier Dekker hopes to demystify the entire coupling process.  Xavier was pictured across a table, perhaps at a coffee shop—although as far as David could remember, Xavier despised not only the drink of coffee but also the entire coffee shop trend.  The only traces of hair that remained at the back of his head were as shallow and dark as a shadow, while his smooth forehead gleamed, the skin of a beluga whale.  Dressed in a knit sweater and striped scarf, Xavier leaned forward with his chin resting in the palm of one hand, thumb and index finger flayed apart.  He looked towards the camera, his eyes peering just beneath the black frames of his glasses.  It was so obviously a pose that it reminded David of a stock photograph.  It didn’t seem possible.  Xavier didn’t pose.  Xavier hated photographs.  Said he always looked like an idiot.  Xavier seemed to despise people who were photogenic, assuming that preening was a hobby to these people, something they’d spent ten thousand hours practicing before a mirror.  David returned to the article.  Xavier alluded to the mathematics behind the seemingly trivial barrage of questions.  Even if every person on Earth completed a uCupid profile, and even if every one of those seven-billion plus people answered the same questions (although no one is given the same questions), the chance that any two people alive would end up with the same profile was so small that virtually any calculator would conclude the answer to be zero.  Impossible.  Each uCupid profile was unique.  After three months of answering five questions a day, uCupid knew you, accurate to more than two hundred decimal places.  Xavier claimed that he was inspired by his own dysfunctional family.  He stated that he never understood how his mother and father had even met in the first place.  His entire childhood was spent in the confines of two people who had nothing in common.  One would assume that Xavier was an only child from how he spoke.  The interviewer described Xavier’s stoic expression as faltering when discussing his mother.  He wished that Sheila could have found someone ‘appropriate’ for her.  But she didn’t, he said.  She spent her adulthood in a loveless relationship and then died of cancer.  The article ended with a quote from Xavier: “No one knows who Sheila Dekker was.  But if she had spent her life with the right person, then I believe she would have been remembered by many.”
 The Eighth Chapter


Xavier was staring at lines of code like expressions in an incomplete mathematical proof, waiting for something to come to him as if by divine intervention.  He didn’t believe in divine intervention, of course, but he did believe in random acts of brilliance.  Back in university, he used to spend hours staring at the same page on a single analytical problem, sitting with his pencil millimeters above the page, the weary end of it whirling in tight circles as if to conjure a spell from a magic wand.  Some cryptic mathematical scribbling would have come to an abrupt halt.  Beyond this was nothing more than an erased wasteland of depressions, littered with scattered rubber shavings like grains of rice.  The constraints of our existence curtail our understanding of mathematics, which curtails our understanding of existence.  To Xavier Dekker, mathematics was the only quintessential human trait (even dolphins suck at division) and its exquisiteness was absolutely cognitive.  There are no sultry curves to a paraboloid; the physical representation of a function is merely a symbol.  Beauty hides in its implications.  Staring at code was no different.  He knew there was a solution, he knew it was logical and rational, and yet it continued to defy him.  But when it came together—for no reason at all, some realization would arrive as if by chance—Xavier’s mind would be saturated, satiated, while the rest of the world beaded off without notice.  Focus was something that seemed increasingly rare in a species reliant on instant information.  There was no longer a need to focus on anything.  There was no longer a need to remember anything.  Memory only needed to be Random Access.
 Xavier only realized that the phone had been ringing after it stopped. Looking up, copper tubing, black plastic pipes and wide, white electrical cables hung through the splinter-rimmed holes in the exposed softwood beams.  A single window no larger than the lid of a shoebox granted a most meager ration of natural light.  He could no longer hear the quick and persistent pulsing rhythm of Gwen’s stationary bike that made this basement office sound like the interior of a spacecraft.  There were footsteps.  He looked at the time in the bottom corner of the screen and figured that the caller was another stranger requesting an interview.  This time Xavier would ask how they were getting his home number.  He should refuse the interview.  Not only were these distractions keeping him from his work, but they didn’t seem to be of any use.  People were learning of uCupid on their own.  Nothing spreads like word of mouth.  No one needed a newspaper anymore.
Gwen pushed open the door, her breaths strained, her face flushed.  If Xavier had turned, he would have noticed that she looked confounded.  “Xavier,” she demanded his attention while holding out the cordless phone towards him with one palm muffling the microphone.
Xavier turned around.  He noticed the look on her face.
Gwen said, “He says he’s your brother.”
Xavier’s wanted to tell her that it wasn’t.  He felt certain of this.  It couldn’t be David.  David wouldn’t call.  David had no reason to call.  David never called.  Instead he sneered and flinched. “What?”
“He says he’s David.”
He shook his head. “Just because he says that he’s David doesn’t mean that he’s actually my brother.”
She brushed aside rolling sweat from her cheeks with the short sleeve of her polyester shirt.  “Can you just talk to whoever it is?”  She placed the phone beside the keyboard and left the room, closing the door behind her.  Xavier looked down to the black plastic grill of the receiver.  The talk button was traffic light green.  Gwen’s footsteps creaked above him and then settled onto the bike.  There were a couple of slow and uneven thrusts.  Then the regular cycle of pedals.  David Dekker was supposedly on the other end of the line.  Xavier wanted to hang up without wasting the time to listen to a single word.  He picked up the phone and Gwen’s clammy sweat stuck to his cheek.  “Hello?”
“Hey, Zave.”
Two words and two syllables was all that Xavier needed to know that this really was his brother.  Xavier’s heart raced.  It angered him that his own body was so feeble.  “David.”
“So, it’s been a while, I guess.”
“Yes it has.”  Xavier felt he had nothing else to say to David, so he declined to add anything further until prodded.
David chuckled a nervous laugh.  “So, I read you’re doing well.”
“Things are fine here.”
“That uCupid app seems like it’s really taking off.  I just wanted to congratulate you.”
Xavier felt insulted; this was not why his brother was calling.  “How did you get this number?”
There was a long pause.  Xavier wondered and hoped that David might have just hung up.
“I got it from Dad.”
“Nikolas?” 
David laughed again.  “Yes, that Dad.”
“Why does he have my number?”
“Because he’s your father?”
“How did he get my number?”
“Well, you haven’t changed it in ten years, so I guess it’s not entirely unbelievable.”
“Why are you calling me, David?  I don’t believe I really have much to say to you or Nikolas.”
Again there was silence from David’s end.  Xavier figured it was his right to hang up the phone and get back to work.   He was the elder, after all.  And then he remembered Sheila.  And all those days in the hospital.  And how he felt then.  He was going to take charge of the situation.
Xavier depressed the talk button and put the phone down onto the desk.  He should have done that as soon as David called him, “Zave.”  He looked back at the lines of code and pretended to inspect them as if he could get back to his work within seconds of talking to (and then hanging up on) his brother for the first time in thirteen years.
The handset screen lit up.  David was calling back.  Xavier wasn’t going to answer it.  After a couple of rings he could hear Gwen’s peddling come to a halt.  She was about to get off and answer the phone again.  That would not be good.  He pressed the button and picked up the handset.  He didn’t say a word.  Upstairs, Gwen’s peddling resumed.
“I’m sorry if I’m calling you at a bad time,” David said.
“I’m just not sure what the point is of this conversation.”
David muffled a sigh.  “Okay.  I’d like to meet up with you.  In person.  And talk.”
“Why?”
David laughed without restraint.   Xavier really wanted to hang up yet again, but he didn’t want to bother Gwen.  “It’s been over ten years, Zave.  I think it’s time that we move on.  I’m not a kid anymore.  I’m married.  I have a daughter.  I’d like to talk to my brother again.”
Xavier did not expect that.  David had a daughter.  It shouldn’t have been surprising—David was thirty-six years old, after all—and yet it seemed to wake Xavier.  Thirteen years was one thing.  But the idea of his childish and selfish brother fathering a girl hardly seemed possible.  It had been that long since they’d even spoken.  “How old is she?”
“My daughter?  She’s nine months.”
“What’s her name?”
“Tegan.  Tegan Ophelia.”
“Ophelia?  She was the crazy woman from Hamlet.”
“Yes, yes she was.   She was also Lily’s grandmother.”
“Lily.  That must be your,” Xavier hung onto that last word, hesitant.
“Wife, yes.”
Xavier wrote down her name on a piece of paper.  “When did you two get married?”
“It’s been almost three years ago now.”
This all just sounded like fiction.  Xavier didn’t know what else to say.
David then asked: “You have a daughter as well, right?”
“Yes.  Her name is Sam.  Samantha.”
“And your wife’s name is…”
“Gwen.”
“And how is she?”
“She’s well.”  
“Okay,” David sighed into the phone and then chuckled.  “You see?  This is why I decided to call.  This is really sad.   You’re my own brother and I didn’t even know the name of your wife or daughter.  You didn’t know that I was married or had a baby.  I think we can talk.  I’d like to talk to you.  In person.”
Xavier almost asked why but said nothing.  He was visualizing David, twenty years of age, with his mop of wavy black hair down to his chin with an irate baby in his arms.  The image was incongruent with his reality.
“Xavier?” David asked to confirm that they were still connected.
“What do you want to do?”
“We could meet up at a coffee shop or something.”
“I hate coffee shops.”
“Okay, but we could still meet at one.  You could get some tea.”
“Are you aware of the mark-up that coffee shops charge on hot drinks, especially tea—”
“Okay, okay, okay.  Why don’t I drive out to your place?”
Xavier didn’t want to agree to anything.  His eyes focused on an if-then clause in the code before him.  If David called him “Zave” one more time, then he’d hang up.  His name was Xavier; why did all names have to be reduced to single syllables?  If David called back yet again, then he’d tell Gwen to let it go to voicemail.  That the guy wasn’t his brother, but just a nut.  That they should change their phone number. 
David asked, “Xavier?”
The Ninth Chapter


How frequently do you cut your toenails? 
Do you listen to the radio while driving?
When is the last time you saw a shooting star?
Did you ever own a digital watch?
What percent tip would you give for satisfactory service at a café?
David was alerted to the presence of these five new questions while waiting at a red light.  He answered all five before it turned green.  He’d estimated that he’d replied to more than two hundred of these queries and had no idea how much longer he would have to wait until his match would be found.  This was one of the questions David was going to ask Xavier.  But it was not the most important one.
When David pulled over in front of what his phone assured him was Xavier’s address, the place was as he expected—a house defined by a two-car garage mouth that swallowed nearly the entire width of the narrow lot.  The neighboring evergreen trees appeared needle thin in relation to their height, towering at least eighty feet into the tufting fog.  But there were no bushes or trees on Xavier’s property.  Only an ornamental patch of dewy green grass with bright, spongy moss framed one side of the stout concrete driveway.  The other side was gravel.  All the blinds were closed.  A small gable window on the second floor was covered in aluminum foil.  David knew that this was either his brother’s house or a marijuana grow op.
He knocked on the door while swaying Tegan’s car seat.  There seemed to be no signs or sounds of life from within.  David looked around, his breaths visible and drifting into the surrounding mist.  He knocked again, rang the doorbell, and checked the time.  He was at most five minutes late.  The blinds that draped across an adjacent window were so thick that nothing could penetrate—not sound, nor bullets, and definitely not light.  But knobs then twisted, latches slunk and the door opened.  Xavier was standing on the other side of the screen door.  Although David had seen his black and white photograph in The Straight and knew to expect his minimal hair and softened chin, he didn’t expect someone gaunt and… old.  The lazy stubble of hair above his ears and around the back of his head was no longer black but now mostly gray.  His eyes seemed to have sunken, the surrounding skin stretched and purple.  For David’s entire life, Xavier never seemed to age.  He was just Xavier, always a decade his senior.  But now Xavier had begun the progression away from middle age.  This was the difference between when actors are aged in movies and when people age in real life.  In cinema the prosthetics are thick and comical; the young face is hidden beneath.  But in reality, youth is eroded.  The structures change.  There is no going back.
David smiled through his initial shock.  “Hey, Zave.
“You grew a beard.”
“Yeah,” David scratched it and tried to think of a suitable reply.  “I did.”  There wasn’t much to say.
Xavier then drew his eyes down to Tegan.  “I didn’t know you were bringing your baby.”
“Oh, yeah.” David spun the seat around.  “This is Tegan.”
Xavier nodded to acknowledge receipt of the information.  He then waited for David to continue.
David continued.  “Lily is in Seattle right now for work, so I kind of need to take her with me when I leave.  Is it okay?”
Xavier nodded before swallowing as if scared.  “No, no, no.  It shouldn’t be a problem.  Here.  Come in.  Make sure you take off your shoes.”
David wanted to comment on Xavier’s choice of words.  It shouldn’t be a problem seemed appropriate had he just spilled something on the sofa that wouldn’t stain if promptly patted with a damp cloth.  And David wasn’t sure if he’d ever been in the habit of walking around inside houses in soiled footwear.  But he said nothing.  He took off his shoes.  He followed Xavier up a trio of carpeted steps into the living room, the centerpiece of which being a spotless white road bike suspended on a stationary stand facing the television.  Xavier led him past without comment.  Every man has a stationary bike in the middle of his living room.
“What’s with the bike?”
“Gwen is training for an Ironman triathlon.”  Xavier said from the dining room.  “She’s at the pool right now.”
“Oh,” David nodded.  He hated triathlon people.  He knew of too many people whom he used to hang out with, people he used to have a beer with, people he could stay out past midnight with until they decided to challenge themselves.  These once rational friends now needed to get up before six on a Saturday because of the scarcity of pool time.  They assigned hours of their weekend to winding, eighty-kilometer bicycle sojourns to the valley and back.  It seemed more addictive than crystal meth.  In fact, David figured he’d rather they’d become junkies—at least they’d be fun for a few months before losing their jobs and subsequent teeth.
“Cool,” David said.
Xavier took a seat at the dining room table and David followed, this feeling as formal as a business meeting.  The television was off and there was no music.  There was nothing on the table.  No dishes, no placemats, no tablecloth, no centerpiece.  On the cream walls, the only decoration was a framed crocheted flower the size of a paperback cover.  Xavier tapped his right thumb on the tabletop and cleared his throat.  David pulled out Tegan from her car seat and sat her on his fidgeting right leg.  He thought of asking Xavier for a drink or maybe a toy for Tegan.  But he waited for Xavier’s first move.
“So,” Xavier cleared his throat again, “what did you want to talk about?”
David understood Xavier’s reluctance and began by complimenting him on his success with uCupid, telling him that it was the sole reason for his perpetually single friend getting engaged.  Xavier nodded in reply.  David told Xavier that he’d been reading about him online and in the local papers.  Xavier assured him that he had no input on the photographs.  David admitted that he downloaded uCupid, although he assured Xavier that he was content in his relationship with Lily.  Xavier nodded.  David asked how much longer he would have to wait until his match would be found, to which Xavier shrugged his shoulders and said, “It depends,” and nothing more.  David went on to talk about Lily, how they met at a house party, how she worked for a major hotel chain downtown, how they lived in a house that her parents assisted with.  Xavier seemed uneasy.  David complained about how Lily’s mother seemed to feel the right to pop by without warning any day of the week.  Xavier blinked.  David told Xavier about his work—search engine optimization—and asked if Xavier knew what that meant.  Xavier said that he knew what that meant. David then admitted that he was growing bored with working from home.  Xavier nodded.  David said he was thinking of going back to school, although he didn’t think that was realistic.  Xavier never asked what he would go back to school to study.  David said that he’d been trying to see Nikolas more often over these last few years.  David said that Nikolas was installing some sort of convection system to cool the house without air conditioning.  Xavier inspected the curvature of his knuckles.  David said that Nikolas seemed to feel bad about what had happened in the past.  Xavier stood up and walked into the kitchen.  David asked for a glass of water and Xavier poured him a glass of water.  David asked more about uCupid, how Xavier was finding all the attention he was getting, but Xavier only said that it was “fine.”  David asked how he came up with the algorithms but Xavier didn’t want to talk about it.  David asked about Gwen, and Xavier said that she was at the pool.  David asked about Samantha, and Xavier said that she was at school.  David asked if something was wrong and Xavier didn’t answer.  David asked if he could be given a tour of the house, but Xavier said that it was just a house.  David expelled a single disheartened laugh and then Xavier finally asked his first question: if David was done asking questions.
David held onto the writhing silence; he relished in its awkwardness.  For twenty minutes, he’d put forth nothing but goodwill and still Xavier wouldn’t bite.  David really wanted to swear—the very use of a profanity would push Xavier away.  It would feel great.  But that was not why he came here.  David asked, “Why did you even bother to let me come over?”
Xavier groaned.  “Because you asked.”
“You’re acting like a… fucking child.  You’re forty-five years old.”
“I’m forty-six.”
“See!” David laughed, knowing that this conversation was over.  “I don’t even know your fucking age.”
“I guess you’re leaving then?”
“So that’s it?”
“You don’t seem to have any more questions or anything else to say besides swearing.”
“Do you realize how long of a drive it is here?  And with a baby?”
“I never asked you to come here.”
“I’m your fucking brother.”
Xavier returned to the kitchen and disappeared from sight.  David wasn’t sure where he was.  He didn’t hear the water running.  He didn’t hear the sucking seal of the fridge door.  He didn’t hear a cabinet hinge squeak or even a single cotton-sock shuffling footstep.  Xavier seemed to be hiding from view.  David wanted to pick up his empty glass and throw it into the kitchen.  He wanted to call Xavier a fucking asshole.  He was sixteen all over again.  Just like that, decades of life and experience vanished.  But Tegan began to whimper, surely hungry and sensing the mood.  “So that’s it?  You’re just going to hide until I leave?”
Xavier emerged from around the corner.  “I’m not hiding.  I don’t feel like looking at you anymore.”
“You’re a fucking prick.”
“Don’t swear in my house.”
“Fuck you, you fucking autistic fuck.”  David wanted to march out the door in triumph, maybe kick over Gwen’s stationary bike on the way.  But David’s departure was not triumphant.  He needed a minute to collect all of Tegan’s things.  Halfway through the living room he realized that he’d left her coat on the back of a chair.  While cramming his feet into his laced-up shoes, Tegan dropped her pacifier and David had to put everything down just to pick it up.  And then David couldn’t reach the doorknob with his arms full.  He stood in the entranceway, staring at the knob as if able to twist it with some previously undiscovered telekinetic power.  He muttered another profanity, but this time under both his breath and his daughter’s moans.  Being petulant just wasn’t convenient at this age.
“Xavier?” David called out, expecting his brother to be across the house. Xavier was standing right behind him.  “Oh.  I need you to open the door.”  As if prodded, David added, “Please.”
Xavier opened the door without saying a word.  David knew that if there were any chance of him salvaging this visit, he would have to do something about it right then.  He could apologize for getting angry.  More importantly, he could apologize for what happened with Mom.  He knew that was what Xavier wanted.  But David was not in the mood for appeasement.  He walked through the door and along the narrow walkway, the car seat knocking into the vinyl siding with each step.  Tegan’s wails echoed down the silent suburban street.  Someone was killing his baby girl.  David opened the back door to the car, clipped in Tegan and hurried around to sit down beside her.  “Okay, okay, okay, Teegs,” he said as if to imply that he got the point.   “Don’t blame me, blame your fucking uncle.  You could have been fed in a nice warm home if he wasn’t such a reject.”  Tegan coughed and gagged.  She then took a deep breath and looked at her father, eyes red and weary.  Her breaths fluttered.  David got the bottle into her mouth but this wasn’t enough.  She had been scorned.  She had been abandoned.  It mattered not how hungry she was—Tegan now wanted to make a point.  It was the principle of the matter.  He shouldn’t have taken so long.  He shouldn’t have let her seat pummel the exterior of the house on the way out.  But there was only so long that Tegan could bat away that rubber nozzle before clutching it with her gums and then both hands.  After a few quivering breaths and sniffles, she calmed down.  The point had been made.  Now it was time to drink.
David released a grateful sigh and leaned his head back on the seat, eyes closed.
Xavier rapped his knuckles on the windshield.  He was motioning for David to lower the window.
“What does your fucking uncle want now?” David asked Tegan and she snorted.  David pondered leaving the door locked.  Force Xavier to walk away.  But David hadn’t regressed that much.  Not quite.  He depressed the button to lower the window a few inches, a kingpin in the back of limousine.   “I’m a little busy right now.”
“I know.” Xavier said, looking back and forth down the street as if on the cusp of committing a crime.  “That’s why I’m out here.”
“What do you want, Xavier?”
Again, Xavier checked both directions.  “You can come inside and feed her there if you want.”
David expected to be told that he’d left something.  Or that he somehow owed Xavier money.  “Why?”
“You shouldn’t be feeding her out here in the cold.”
David was about to tell him that it wasn’t his idea to leave.  That he was the one who tried to make conversation.  That he never wanted to start a fight.  That he was fine here in the backseat.  Somehow that would make a point.  It was a matter of principle, after all.  Tegan slurped and smacked her lips, buff yellow milk dribbling down to her chin.  She moaned and looked at her father with eyes that said, ‘What the fuck are you waiting for?  It’s freezing in here.’
It wasn’t a perfect translation, but David got the point.
The Ninth Chapter (Take Two)


Tegan reclined in her car seat, licking her lips and minutes away from sleep.   Still wearing his coat, David sat opposite from Xavier at the dining room table.  Slinking ribbons of steam trailed from a pair of mint green porcelain mugs in front of each.
“So,” David began before realizing he didn’t know what else to say.  “Thanks for letting us back in to feed.  It’s a little easier than in the back seat of a car.”
Xavier nodded.
“So,” David once again began without any predetermined follow through.  Without anything to add, he pulled his cup of tea closer.
“It’s too hot.”  Xavier warned.
“Okay.”  David let go.
“I guess you can drink it if you want, but you’ll probably just burn your tongue.”
“Thanks.”
Xavier muttered, “You’re welcome.”  His eyes returned to his tea as if watching a countdown.
“So,” David then winced upon realizing his repetitiveness.  “This is a little awkward.”
Xavier nodded but also grinned as if a prelude to a laugh.  “It is.”
“We’re not too good at this whole brotherly thing, are we?”
“It looks like we’re not.”
“I guess we were never very good at it, were we?”
Xavier shook his head.  Right when David was sure that Xavier would add nothing more, Xavier added, “We used to be better.”
“I guess we did.” David agreed and sighed.  He knew what to say.  He parted his lips.  He took a breath.  Xavier was staring at the surface of his cup of tea, waiting.  “I’m sorry.”  David spat out, as if forced.  “I’m sorry about Mom.”
Xavier looked up, his brow furrowed.
David added: “I’m really sorry.  Look, I’d like to say that I was just a kid, that I was stupid, that I was immature—and that’s all true.  But that’s not an excuse.  And it definitely shouldn’t excuse me from saying something that I should have said a long time ago.  I’m sorry.”  David almost couldn’t believe what he’d just confessed.  He came to Xavier’s house to ask about uCupid, to ask about Lily, not to apologize about something he’d just about convinced himself had never happened.  He didn’t know what to do next.  Where to look.  So he watched Tegan, whose eyes had now closed, her expression so serene it was contagious; David felt at ease just watching her rest.  And then he looked away.
Xavier stared at his cup of tea.  The very softest tips of his fingers graced the glazed exterior before recoiling back.  Still too hot.  He then scratched the back of his head.  He stood up and walked into the kitchen.  David watched him exit and not return.  David thought he might not come back.  “Zave?”
“I don’t want to talk about this.”
Neither did David, but he refrained from admitting this.  “I know it’s something I should have said a long time ago.”
The front door then opened.  Xavier rose and hurried to the living room.  “Hello, Gwen,” he said.
“Where did these shoes come from?” she asked before noticing someone at the dining room table.  David’s shoes were in her hand, her fingers pinching the edge of each heel.  “Oh.”  She stopped in her tracks, wincing at David as if he was out of focus.
“This is David,” Xavier said, turning to ensure that he was not in the way.  “This is my brother.”
“Hi!”  David held up a hand in a rushed wave.  Gwen was not as he expected. He’d only met her once, right after his mother died and in not the best of circumstances.  At the time she kept her distance through a glass apartment door, normally meek but made confident by the security of a locked entrance.  He remembered a skinny, pale woman with red hair.  But more than anything else, he recalled the glare of the sun in the door as she held it open no more than a couple of inches.  The starburst reflection kept swiping into his eyes.  He remembered this strange woman saying that Xavier didn’t want to talk to him anymore before shutting the door and walking up the steps covered in loose paisley carpet.  That was thirteen years ago.  The woman standing in the living room bore no resemblance to the person in these memories.  This Gwen stood with a rigid, proud posture, the muscles of her neck a pair of strong forearms cradling a wide jaw.  Her wet ginger hair was tied back into a ponytail so tight that it pulled the skin on her face taught, each cheekbone the bow of a ship.  Her moss-on-bark eyes looked drilled, they were so round.  She lowered her arm with the shoes, waiting for David to say something.
“Hello, Gwen,” David waved.  “Those are my shoes,” he added with a smile, hoping it might ease some of the tension.  It didn’t seem to do the trick.
Gwen looked at Xavier as if he’d broken a promise.  Perhaps he had.  “You didn’t say that he was coming by.”
“Yeah,” David said and stood up.  “It’s my fault.  I hope it’s not a problem.”  He offered to take his shoes and then shake her hand.  “It’s nice to meet you.”  He turned and motioned towards Tegan, asleep in her car seat on a chair in behind him.  “And this is Tegan, my daughter.”
“I didn’t know you had a daughter,” Gwen said, her expression lightening.  She walked up to his daughter and kneeled.  She said with a whisper, “Oh my goodness, she’s a darling.”  She looked back to David.  “What did you say her name was again?”
“Tegan.”
“As in from Doctor Who?”
David shrugged and shook his head in slow motion.  “I don’t know—”
Xavier scoffed.  “I find the idea that David named his daughter after a Doctor Who character from the early 80’s rather doubtful.”
Gwen stood up.  “Well, I thought I would ask. I figured David here might have been a fan as well.”
“He hardly ever watched the show.”
David said, “It was Lily’s idea.  I just thought the name was pretty.  What about Samantha?  When does she come home from school?”
“She’s only eight,” Gwen laughed, “so it’s not like she gets home on her own.”
“Oh.”  David assumed that Gwen would say something more—as in, answer the question.  Instead she held her grin as if to emphasize her… wit?  He wasn’t sure. 
Xavier then said: “School ends at three, so she usually gets home about ten minutes after that.”
“Not that you ever pick her up,” Gwen added.
“What does that matter?”
“It’s the truth.  I’m always the one who picks her up from school.”
“If I pick her up it doesn’t change what time she gets home.  David was just asking what time she gets home from school.”  Xavier seemed insulted by Gwen’s faulty logic, not the insinuation that he was uninvolved in the life of his daughter.
David held up his hands.  “I was just making small talk.”
Gwen disregarded David’s comment.  “But you’re home every day, Xavier.  It would be nice if I didn’t have to pick her up every day.”
“I don’t see why I should be picking her up when I’m working.”
“You don’t seem to be doing much work right now.”
David reached up towards the ceiling, an eager student.  “That would be my fault.”
Gwen cast her attention back towards David, her parted lips trailing those piercing eyes, inspecting him with caution.  “So,” she said after what seemed to be much deliberation, “are you planning on having dinner with us then?”  It was an accusation.  David couldn’t afford his own food.  He was making contact with his estranged brother because he wanted a free meal.
“No, no,” David assured, “I was actually just about to get going.”
“I hope I didn’t come into the middle of something.”
“No, no, not at all.  After all, I have my shoes now, so I might as well be off.”  He clutched Tegan’s car seat with his one free hand.  “Gwen, it was nice to meet you.  And Xavier, it was nice to see you again.  We should really do this a little more often.”
Xavier then did two things that David would have never imagined.  First, he insisted on carrying David’s shoes to the entrance.  And then he offered to walk him to the car.  Xavier didn’t say a word as they exited the house and shuffled along the narrow walkway.  He remained a meter back as David clipped in the car seat and deposited his bags.  David wondered if they should shake hands at this point.  Xavier was still waiting for something.  David said that he would call again, if Xavier was okay with that.  Xavier said that he was okay with that.  David took his seat behind the wheel, closed the door, and presented Xavier one last parting wave.  After twisting on the ignition, Xavier rapped his knuckles on the passenger window and motioned for it to be lowered.  He looked worried.  David asked what was wrong.  After a long moment’s hesitation and a trio of stammered introductions, Xavier told David the problem.
The Tenth Chapter


The familiar chirp of Lily’s phone alerted her about something while in a meeting.  She clicked off the ringer with a blind swipe of her thumb and offered her colleagues a quick apology.   When she checked her phone a few minutes later, she was informed of a message from uCupid.  Assuming it to be her day’s allotment of questions, she put it away.  More than an hour later (and after at least a dozen quivering reminders), she opened uCupid and admonished the program under her breath.  “Fucking enough already.”  She then read the screen.
Your uCupid match has been found.  Please accept.
Her heart knocked with both fists against her ribcage.  Each breath seemed to get stuck inside, requiring a forceful reminder to exit.  She put the phone down on her desk and slid it away an inch, surprised by her reaction.  She was never expectant.  She was happy with David.  This was just a lark.  A joke.  A 99-cent app that helped her occupy a few minutes of each day.  The ‘accept’ button throbbed, awaiting her approval to continue.  There was no other option.  Until now, using uCupid didn’t seem to mean anything.  But on the other side of that plastic glazing was someone new, someone perfect.  She didn’t believe this, of course.  Not quite.
She accepted.  It didn’t mean anything.  A lark, remember.
The screen faded to black.  Nothing happened.  She thought that her phone might have crashed.  She could feel her stomach tighten like a twisted dishcloth.  This wasn’t cheating but it was something.  A series of gray scale spokes spun in the center of the screen, recommending patience.  Then in zoomed the blurred face of a man glancing down to the camera’s lens, both annoyed and surprised, as if taken by a child.  His name was Scott Hunter.
Lily laughed at the photograph.  His dark hair and days’ old unshaven neck reminded her of David, but his face was more rectangular.  He was either wearing a backwards baseball cap (a big turn off) or a tight woolen toque.  She assumed he was tall—short men didn’t have jaws and cheeks like that, she felt.  His expression seemed to be one of mid-curse, his brow furrowed, his eyes peering off to the side.  Someone was pestering him just out of view.  Through his lopsided sneer, there were hints at a smile and dimpled cheeks.  She tried to expand the photograph, she tried to inspect the color of his eyes, but there were no more details to be discerned.  His blurred face pixelated into a cloudy modernist haze.  She knew that uCupid was infamous for the quality of its profile pictures, but still she was disappointed.  Lily figured she was worthy of someone better.  Why didn’t he take off his hat for the photograph?  Was he trying to conceal the onset of male pattern baldness?  Her feelings of guilt from a minute earlier waned.  This was not someone worthy of cheating on.  This was a joke.  She tapped the continue button.
Scott Hunter has not yet accepted you.  You will be informed when he accepts.
Lily exited uCupid and carried on with her work.  If Scott Hunter was her 99.97% perfect match, then it seemed that uCupid was not so flawless, after all.  But first she reviewed her own profile picture.  She wanted to know what Scott Hunter was going to see.  Ironically, her hair was tucked beneath a woolen cap.  Her skin was clammy and pale below the blue-white operating lights of the bus.  Looking down towards her phone, she had a slight double chin.  But then again, who the fuck doesn’t have a double chin when looking down?  She looked terrible.  She looked unhealthy.  If someone tagged her in a photo like that she would demand that it be taken down.  This was a horrible first impression.  She wondered just why the hell she decided to take her picture while on the bus?  There was no option to change anything about her minimalist profile.  “Fucking piece of shit,” she muttered while putting away the phone.
She could hear Tegan’s cries before opening the front door.  With her hand gripped around the aged brass knob, she sighed and held it still, wondering if she should wait another few minutes before entering.  Maybe walk around the block once.  Let David calm her down before coming home.  She twisted her hand and pushed open the door.  Tegan was alone and strapped into a pink clamshell hammock facing the television, her eyelids pursed and wet, her round mouth wide open and unleashing long, anguished screams.  Tegan was evidently not interested in the episode of Baby Einstein that she was being forced to watch.  It reminded her of A Clockwork Orange.   “David?”  She unclipped Tegan and pulled her up to her shoulders, her legs kicking against Lily’s chest in continued protest.  “David!” Lily repeated between shushes.  A door opened from the upstairs and David hurried down the steps, explaining that it wasn’t as bad as it looked, that he only put Tegan in front of the television so that he ‘could take a shit.’  “Well,” Lily passed Tegan back to him, “I need to pee.”  This was perhaps the greatest drawback of living in a century-old house.  There was only one bathroom.  And David had quite forwardly informed her of his recent activity in that lone bathroom.  Such forthrightness was just one of the many perks of married life, she thought.  Just before stepping inside the narrow and poorly ventilated room, she pulled out her phone and checked if there was anything new from uCupid.  Scott Hunter has not yet accepted you.  You will be informed when he accepts.
She checked again after dinner.  She checked again after putting Tegan down. She checked again after David went to bed.  She sat alone on the sofa in the living room with her phone in one hand while watching television.  She was certain that she wasn’t obsessing.  After all, each time it only took her a few seconds.  Was it better to watch commercials?  Of course not.  It would be more obsessive of her should she attend to the cat food advertisement instead of doing something else.
It was then—right then—that her phone vibrated and a new message appeared in the center of the screen.  Your uCupid request has been accepted.  Congratulations on beginning your new life.  Her heart fluttered.  Mere seconds ago, she figured, Scott Hunter had looked at her photograph and agreed.  He understood that everyone has a double chin from certain angles.  Her supposedly perfect match was on his phone right at that very same instant.  This still meant nothing, she thought to herself, and tapped the continue button.
A map of the world tumbled in towards western North America and then to the meandering inlets and jagged islands of Seattle.  A pink marker fell just to the east of the I-5 of downtown.  Scott Hunter’s approximate location.  A pulsing red button at the bottom of the screen read Message with Scott Hunter.  There was no profile to read.  There were no other options.  This seemed too forward.  Too assuming.  She expected uCupid to offer her something more.  Something to pique her interest besides a name, a terrible photograph, and a strangely specific approximate location.  This was too much.  Chatting with some stranger was creepy.  That went beyond a lark.  Her husband was sleeping mere meters away from her. Her hand quivered.  This was a mistake.  She closed the app and put away the phone.
The next morning, there was a message from Scott Hunter.  It read: Hello?
She didn’t reply. 
Just before leaving the house, her phone chirped to announce another message: Do you find this as weird as I do?
She gave both Tegan and David a kiss and left.  On the bus, again another chirp.  With one arm gripping the overhead bar for support, she pulled out her phone.  She had no new messages.  The woman in front of her, a petite Asian huddled inside a sunflower rain jacket speckled with water, muffled a squawk of laughter before replying on her phone to a uCupid message of her own.  You wish!!!! she typed with blurring thumbs before clicking the screen off and putting it away.
A third message from Scott Hunter came just before lunch.  Just say the word and I’ll stop texting you.  I don’t want to be creepy.  Lily appreciated this.  Scott realized that she didn’t want to be having a conversation with some stranger.  And he still wanted to message with her even after having twenty-four hours to scrutinize her appalling profile photograph.  She put away her phone, figuring that she wouldn’t bother replying.
Five minutes later, she typed: The word
He replied within a minute: I’m guessing that means you don’t want me to text you anymore?  Or was that an auto-correct typo?
Lily: It was a bad joke
Scott:  I laughed
Lily: Then thanks for not typing LOL
Scott:  Worry not.  I’m on a boycott of LOL
Lily chuckled.  Me too.  Ever since my mom starting using it.  Although she thinks it means Lots of Love
Scott: For me it was the first time I heard a teenager say LOL instead of actually laughing.  It was dead to me then
Lily: Was that one of the uCupid questions?  Do you hate LOL?
Scott: Don’t think so.  I would have remembered that
Lily put the phone back down.  She didn’t want to feel pressured in keeping up a one-to-one ratio of responses.  She knew that she should put an end to this.  This was a lark.  This was a joke.
Scott: So I guess if you hate LOL then we really must be soul mates right?
Lily laughed.  Was this really what uCupid did?  Match people with unusual pet peeves?  Was that all?  She recalled answering that she enjoyed green grapes more than red grapes.  Did this mean that Scott Hunter also preferred green grapes?  Is that all love is to uCupid?  Reciprocity of likes and dislikes?
What a ridiculous app, she thought to herself with another chuckle.
She typed: LOL
The Eleventh Chapter


Xavier divulged three things to David while standing on the street in front of his house.  Only the first two were premeditated.
Xavier said that Lily had been using uCupid for the last three months.  She initialized her profile only two days after David.  Although Xavier apologized for snooping, he figured that David had the right to know that his wife was using uCupid.  David was not surprised.  This was why he first thought of calling Xavier, after all.  He replied with a stoic but accepting nod, his lips tight. “Thanks,” he said, unsure if he really was thankful, unsure what else there was to say.  He flicked on the rhythmic, wheezing wiper blades.  His fingers dangled from the steering wheel.  “Okay then.”
“There’s another thing.”
“Okay.  What is it?”
Xavier’s words came out in pulses as if from a telegraph.  “Your wife.  She has already found her match.  Two days ago.  He lives in Seattle.”
David’s hands dropped to his lap.  Xavier was many things.  Anti-social.  Narcissistic.  But he was not a liar.  He could bend the truth—he might engineer a bypass around some particular fact with cautiously chosen words—but he would not lie, especially not in the pursuit of spite.  If anything, Xavier’s honesty was to a fault.  He knew little of polite social conventions or suitable fibs to smooth over awkward situations.  If Xavier was telling David that his wife had been matched with someone in Seattle, then this was the case.  David couldn’t say a word, his lips open but silent.  David began nodding before realizing and stopped.  He cleared his throat.  He nodded again.  With one hand on the emergency brake, he depressed the button and swiveled the lever down.  He was going to go home.  “Okay.” David said, as if he’d already come to terms with this.
“I’m sorry.”
“It’s not your fault.” David forced a quick and impassioned smile.  “I think I should go now.”
“I’m only telling you because you said that she was in Seattle.  I thought you should know.”
“Okay.”  With one finger on the button for the window, David thought of pulling it up with Xavier’s head still through, a guillotine in reverse.  “Like I said, I think I should go now.”
Xavier nodded, glanced behind him and then sighed before putting his head back through the window.
David asked, annoyed: “What’s up?”
“Can I come in for a second?”
David figured he didn’t have a choice. “Okay,” he shrugged, unsure if there was any other way to react without the use of profanities.  Xavier settled into the passenger seat, looking back towards his house as if followed. 
David said, “I don’t really want to talk about this.”
Xavier nodded in hearty agreement.  Surely if there was anyone who could understand not wanting to converse, it would be Xavier—which made it all the more confusing that he just wouldn’t leave David alone.  It was then that Xavier admitted the third point, one that he wasn’t planning on telling David or anyone else.  “Gwen has also been using uCupid.  For almost two months now, long enough for uCupid to determine matches with 86% certainty.”  Xavier said this while looking straight ahead as if giving directions, watching for street signs.
“Oh.  I’m sorry.”
Xavier nodded in acknowledgement.  He continued to look ahead, not saying a word.
“How long have you known this for?”
“About a month now.”
“She doesn’t know that you know?”
“I don’t think so.  I find it insulting that she would use uCupid and assume that I wouldn’t know.  Or maybe she knows and doesn’t care.” Xavier shrugged. “I don’t know.”
David already said that he was sorry.  He had nothing else to say.  He watched the quivering tip of the black rubber wiper blade groan as if annoyed by one particular part of the windshield.  Xavier wasn’t moving or saying a thing.  It seemed that he might never leave. 
As if awakening, Xavier cleared his throat and opened the door.  He told David that it was good to see him.  And he walked back to his house without looking back.

Upon returning home, David sent Lily a text asking how she was doing.  He couldn’t recall what this conference in Seattle was about.  Did she tell him?  Did he even ask?  Did he ever listen?  Lily responded in less than a minute.  She wrote that things were fine but she was busy and would try to call him later.  Fuck off and leave me alone, was how he read it.  David typed: What is his name?  He admired those four words and their obtrusive position in the speech bubble conversation.  It was a bit of fantasy.  He should have asked Xavier this one question.  But David never tapped send.  He cleared the line and clicked off his phone.

Tegan was asleep and David should have been in bed.  He would have to log in for work in less than seven hours.  Lily was going to be home the following evening.  He should leave it, he told himself.  “Just leave it,” he’d say aloud after grabbing his phone, tempted to send another text.  Sitting on the sofa with a mindless reality program involving public storage lockers in the background, David had no idea what else to do at this moment.  He felt shackled.  He tried to understand his emotions, but he was still too close to them all.  He didn’t think that he was angry.  He didn’t think so.  But was it possible to be angry while unaware?  He tried to convince himself that he was calm, that he’d been enlightened.  Knowledge is power, he yearned to believe.  Soon he would have a uCupid match.  Then they would be even.  They would cancel each other out.
He withdrew the plastic baggie of pot from the back of his underwear drawer.  With the baby monitor on his lap, he sat on a stackable plastic deck chair that straddled both sides of the back doorframe.  Rain splattered onto the glycerin-slick wooden deck inches from his bare toes.  It was now less than five hours before he would have to be ready for work.  A joint would help him sleep.  While exhaling deliciously long and scraggily branches of smoke into the sodden night, he welcomed the scorched cough that followed.  Soon that rawness soothed as if lathered and this sensation glided without weight to the very tips of each finger.  His heart strutted with confidence and assurance.  His eyes slowed in their focus.  His lungs gathered each breath as if selfish, without plans to give anything back.
He climbed the old groaning staircase, the thick and worn boards like tanned leather, and nudged open the door to Tegan’s room.  With his hands gripped around the top of the crib for support, he looked down upon his daughter, her eyes and lips sealed tight from the world.  Her breaths were too gentle and light to be noticed through the heavy blanket that lay folded on top.  David was tired now.  David was stoned now.  David could sleep now, he knew.  His bed was just across the hallway.  Rest would be welcomed.  But first he had to admire Tegan for a few more seconds.  He didn’t want to rustle her and yet he wished to press her cheeks against his own.  He loved Tegan.  He didn’t have to convince himself of this.  He loved Tegan.  It was as obvious and innate as knowing that he was thirsty (and he was really thirsty).  No one could persuade him of anything otherwise.  His love for his daughter was an axiom.  But David’s feelings towards his wife now seemed to be built on conjecture.  He had to ask himself if he still loved Lily and he didn’t know the answer. 
Just before plummeting into bed, his phone buzzed.  He had a new text message.  From Lily.  She told him that she would see him in the afternoon.  And that he she loved him.
 
The Twelfth Chapter


David wasn’t planning on saying anything about uCupid when Lily returned home.  She seemed happy to see him.  She kissed him on the lips before asking for Tegan.  She surprised him with a six-pack of IPA not available north of the border.  She was wide-eyed and grateful to be home (although she said that Seattle was a city that had a real pulse to it; Vancouver may have been pretty, but it lacked the soul that a city like Seattle had).  She told David that she loved him.  Lily had only been home for five minutes and already David felt guilty for those disparaging thoughts from the previous evening.  He wanted to apologize.  Was Xavier full of shit?  Or did his supposedly 99.97% accurate uCupid find a false positive?
This feeling of renewed goodwill lasted twenty minutes.  When David told Lily that he should go to bed, that he didn’t get a good sleep the night before, she hesitated.  Her expression made it clear that he was not free.  She told him that they needed to talk.  In the dining room.  She poured glasses of wine for each without asking.  She took a seat opposite from him at the table, reached out to grab a free hand of his and squeezed it as if to confirm that he was still there.  He was going to let her have the first word.  He waited with that glass of red wine in one hand and her fingers in the other.  Her expression was one of both pity and helplessness, as if consoling Tegan after an injury.
Lily began with: “You know that I love you, David.”  This was phrased as a statement, an unquestionable fact.  “And that’s why this is not easy for me to say.”  She paused to let David acknowledge or catch his breath.
“Okay.”
She flashed a tense smile.  She couldn’t blame him for being curt.  “What I’m going to say, I’m saying it not to hurt you.  I’m saying it because I want to be honest with you.  I don’t want to lie to you or be deceitful.  I love you, David, and that’s why I’m going to say this straight out.”  She was now on the verge of crying while David bore no expression.  “Okay.  I’m just going to say it.”  She inhaled and her grip tightened.  “When I was in Seattle, I met another man, someone who I found through uCupid.  Now, let me say a few things before you think of me as being terrible.  Because I’m not.  I want to be honest with you.  Because I love you.”
David pulled his hand free from her grip and reached to take another sip from his wine, but the clattering base of the glass against the table gave away his trembling hands.  He left the drink in place.  He didn’t say anything and Lily continued.
“I want you to know that when I first starting using uCupid, it was a joke.  It was because I heard so much about it.  It was because it was only 99 cents.  I was never unhappy with our relationship.  And when it found my match, I felt terrible.  I felt like I was cheating on you.  I felt tricked.  But then this conference in Seattle came up and he was going to be there.  I mean, what were the chances of that?  I wasn’t even going to meet him.  But I did.  I don’t know why I did.  But I did.  I guess I was curious.  I guess I assumed that it wouldn’t mean anything.  I guess I thought that it wouldn’t go anywhere.  And I’m sorry.”
David’s throat was dry and he knew it would be a challenge to get more than a single syllable out.  “So…”
“So.”  Lily expelled a disheartened laugh.  “So,” her words were broken with heavy sighs as if she didn’t know what to say.  But David knew that she wasn’t making this up on the spot.  “So, I met him on Tuesday night, at a pub.  I felt terrible about it.  About you.  I wasn’t even going to go, but I did.  And he was,” there was that look again.  Pity and helplessness.  “He was a really great guy.  I didn’t want him to be, but he was.  I know this sounds terrible, David, but as soon as we started talking, I felt something.  I knew something.”  A tear rolled down her left cheek.  David wanted to tell her to stop.  Wipe that fucking tear away.  He remained silent.  “David, I didn’t want it to mean anything, I didn’t want to find a connection, but this was something else.  This sounds horrible, but I knew that he was… special.  It’s true, David.  What everyone says.  uCupid really finds… the one.”
David knew that his eyes were already glazed, but he didn’t want to grant Lily the satisfaction of seeing him cry.  She would have anticipated that.  She wouldn’t expect him to react as if unaffected.
“I understand if you’re angry,” Lily said as if she was the one being conciliatory.  “You have every right to be angry.”
“What’s his name?”
She paused for a moment as if reluctant.  “Scott.  Scott Hunter.”
David nodded as if he knew of the man.  Like it meant anything.  “And he works in hotels?”
Lily nodded, her expression apologetic.  David didn’t stand a chance against this man.  He couldn’t think of anything coherent to say but knew there was so much more to ask.  He didn’t want Lily to start talking again, not just yet.  He stood up, grabbed his glass of wine, took a sip, and then walked towards the living room, staring away from her.  Lily started saying something and he didn’t want to give her the chance.  He wasn’t listening.  He interrupted: “So you want a divorce?”
She wasn’t surprised by the question but didn’t have an answer.
David repeated himself.  “You want a divorce?”  It felt good to say those words, if only because he knew that Lily hated hearing him ask.
“I don’t know.”
“You don’t know?”
“I don’t know.  I don’t know what’s happening.  But that’s why I’m telling you now.  I don’t—”
“Did you fuck him?”
“No.”  Her reply was immediate.  “I didn’t.  Anything.  Nothing happened.  I should have said that earlier.”
“And yet you want a divorce?”
Lily seemed to grind her teeth a second before saying: “I never said I wanted a divorce.”
“But he’s the one you’re meant to be with.”
She didn’t reply.  But her glazed eyes were confirmation enough.  She ran a hand through her hair and groaned, as if only now was this conversation becoming grim.  “You do know, David, that I’m scared.  I don’t know what I want to do, which is why I’m telling you this.”
“You’re scared?”
“Yes.  I’m scared.  You think this is easy?  Telling you all of this?  It’s not easy to be so honest.  I love you, David.  I do.  And it’s scary to think that everything is going to change.”
David scoffed but didn’t want to become abrasive.  He didn’t know much about what he wanted at that moment, but he was certain that he didn’t want to start a bigger fight.  “Then things don’t have to change.”
“I think,” Lily paused to clasp her glass of wine with both hands and sigh, “I think maybe they do.”
“So what about Tegan?  Are you even thinking about how this is going to affect her?”
“Of course I thought about Tegan.  In fact, this is all about Tegan.”
“What are you talking about?  How is this about Tegan?  How can getting a divorce be for her best interest?”
“Because I want her to grow up with parents who love each other always, not just because they have to be together.  Do you think my Mom and Dad love each other?  They coexist.  They’ve been coexisting my entire life.  Honestly, David, if anyone can understand, I think it’s you.”
“I think it’s a little different.”
“Of course it’s better, but for how long, David?”
“I didn’t know things were so bad with us.”
“They’re not.  But we should have the best.”
“We?” David mocked her wording.  “This is not about we.  It’s about you.”
Lily’s pursed lips held back her most honest thoughts.  After a couple of seconds, she let it out.  “Fuck you.  Don’t get high and mighty with me.  I’ve seen your phone.  I know you’ve been using uCupid as well.”
David’s lips rounded to begin his denial.  What?  He was going to ask.  But he knew better.  He nodded.  “Okay, yeah.  I downloaded the app.  That doesn’t mean I’m looking for someone new.  It was just—”
“For the hell of it.  Yeah.  I know.  Same for me.”
“It’s different.”
“How do you know that?  Has it found your match?”
“No.  But even if it does, it won’t mean anything.”
Lily said, “That’s what I thought, too.”
There was a knocking at the door, four familiar raps within half a second.  It was Margaret, which meant she would open the door well before either of them might stand a chance to get there first. 
“Shit.” Lily said, wiping her eyes.
“Hello!” Margaret exclaimed with her face nosing through the door.
David stepped out of Margaret’s line of sight and waited for Lily to say something.  It was not his job to speak at this moment.  Lily called out, “Oh, hi.  We’re just in the dining room.”
“I’m not interrupting anything, am I?”  Margaret said while taking off her shoes.
Lily gaped helpless and shrugged her shoulders.  “Not really.”
To a layperson, Lily sounded anything but convincing.  But Margaret was no layperson.  She was a 63 year-old grandmother.  She was no longer capable of decoding subtleties.  “Well, I made a roast for your father and I and we could hardly eat any of it,” she said while traipsing across the living room.  “But it was absolutely huge!  Eight pounds!  Can you believe that!  At the Costco I told Bob that we didn’t need such a large roast but you know the way he is.  Eyes as big as dinner plates.”  She entered the dining room and smiled at Lily and then David, each standing opposite from the other across the table, glasses of wine in their hands, faces flush, eyes glassy.  “Eight pounds.”  David and Lily nodded accordingly.  Margaret strained to lift and then lay a reusable shopping bag upon the table.  “Your father wanted me to keep it but I knew that he wouldn’t eat it all.  So I thought if it wasn’t too late that I’d just zip down here and drop it off for you two.  Could make a nice quick meal if you’re busy.  Or you could cut it up and use it for lunches.” She directed this last comment towards David.  “You know, make some quick sandwiches.”
“Oh, that sounds great.” he said.
Margaret pulled apart the sides of the bag and stood back.  A boulder of meat, muddy brown and moist, was sealed in layers of cling wrap.  “Eight pounds, it was.  Must be six left.  At least five.  I kept it simple when I roasted it.  Just a little olive oil, salt and pepper.  You know, nice and simple.”  She paused again as if to let either of the two enter the conversation.  Neither did.  “That’s all you need.  Olive oil, salt and pepper.  Let the flavors speak for themselves.”
“Thanks, Mom.”
“Are you okay?”
“Yeah.  I’m just tired.”
Margaret looked back to David.  “Am I interrupting anything?”
David wanted to tell the truth.  He wanted to tell Margaret that her daughter was seeking a divorce because of a man she’d met only two days ago.  Two days ago.  He couldn’t muster the words to lie.  He couldn’t even shake his head.  That would be too dishonest.  He shrugged his shoulders.
“Don’t worry about it, Mom.   But thanks for thinking of us.”
Margaret looked at her daughter, to David, and then back down to the gargantuan beef roast on the dining room table.  She seemed to clue into something.  She nodded as if enlightened.  “You’ll need a deli slicer for this, won’t you?”
David could not possibly put his thoughts to appropriate words.
Lily said: “What?”
“I just realized that you don’t have a deli slicer, do you?”
“Of course we don’t have a deli slicer.”
“We’ve had one for the last few months.  They are great things.  I think it’s a necessity for something like this.  When you try cutting this with a knife the pieces are just too thick for something like sandwiches.  I tell you what—tomorrow I’ll bring by our deli slicer.  You’ll see how much of a breeze it makes of this roast.  Your father absolutely loves it.  He can make his sandwiches exactly how he likes them.”
David said, “I think we’ll be okay.”
“Oh no, David.”  Margaret placed a reassuring hand on his shoulder.  “It’s okay.  I don’t mind at all.  I’ll come by tomorrow evening after Tegan’s been put down.  Or maybe just the next time I’m watching Tegan, if that works better.”
“Mom, we don’t need the deli slicer.”
David mumbled under his breath: “And we don’t need five pounds of roast beef.”
“Oh, you’d be surprised, David.” Margaret said with a coy grin, assuming that he was only being polite.  “It not only works great in sandwiches, but also salads and soups.  And pastas, actually.  You could make a stroganoff.  And you could always freeze it.  I bet we could get through this in less than five minutes with a deli slicer.” She then gripped the plastic-wrapped slab of brown-gray meat and held it up.  “Even this.  Must be six pounds here.  We could get through the whole thing in five minutes.”
Lily sighed, “Well then, thanks, Mom.”
“Oh, it’s the least I can do.  The last thing your father needs at his age is to be eating eight pounds of red meat on his own.”  Margaret carried the roast to the fridge, taking it upon herself to scatter aside items to make room.  “Anyhow, I’ll leave you two for the night.  I’m sure little Tegan has worn both of you out, hasn’t she?  Love you,” she kissed Lily on the cheek and left the room with the empty shopping bag.  After putting on her shoes she called out: “I’ll lock the door on the way out.”  And the door closed.
David and Lily looked at each other, awaiting the other to say something.  Lily’s lower lip protruded into what seemed to be a frown but then went taught.  She smiled.  David chuckled.  He said, “A fucking deli slicer.”
A squeak of a laugh burst through Lily’s lips.  “That seems to be what we’re getting.”
“And just how many pounds was that roast again?” David hung his head down as if to fight laughter.  This was no place for amusement.  They were having a terribly serious conversation.   With almost inexplicable haste, Lily had fallen in love with another man.  When he looked back up to Lily and her tired eyes and sunken smile, he felt pity.  She looked beaten.  And she was the one madly in love.  “Oh, Lil.”  He put down his empty glass of wine and leaned back against the wall.  “So, where were we?  Divorce?”
Lily’s tentative smile collapsed, disappointed that they’d returned to that word.  As if it wasn’t her own fault.  David started saying something but she interrupted: “I don’t know where we were, David.  I never said I wanted a divorce.  I just wanted to be honest with you.  Right from the start, I wanted to be honest with you.  I knew this would be a terrible conversation but I couldn’t lie.  And I knew you’d be angry with me.  I would be furious if I was you.  But I don’t want to lie to you.  I love you too much to lie to you.  But also know that when you find your uCupid match, you’ll understand.  It will be hard for me as well.  But if we are meant to be with different people—if we can live our lives happier with different people, then shouldn’t we go for it?  If there’s a woman out there who is perfect for you, David, don’t you want to be with her?  Don’t you think it’s better for everyone?”
“So you think this Scott guy is perfect for you?”
“I don’t know.  But that’s what my heart tells me.”
“You mean that’s what uCupid tells you.”
“I guess, both.”
David wanted to go to bed.  He knew there wasn’t a chance in hell of falling asleep within these next few hours, but at least he wanted to lay down, close his eyes, and listen to the patter of raindrops on the roof, a hundred fingers tapping wooden desks.  He didn’t know if Lily would join him, but that didn’t matter.  He wanted rest.  To feign slumber, if nothing else.  “Well, I hope Scott likes roast beef.  Lord knows we’re going to have enough of it in this house.”  Without anything else, David turned to exit the room and climb the stairs.
Lily called out as he placed a foot on that first groaning step. “David, trust me.  Soon you’ll find your match, she’ll be perfect, and you’ll understand.”
David continued his assent, not at that time prepared to respond to Lily’s assurance.  But she was entirely correct.
The Thirteenth Chapter


On a superficial level, little changed in David and Lily’s house.  They played out their routines as if marionettes, acting out the mundane performances they’d been practicing for years.  David would awaken at a quarter to five in the morning and shuffle out of the room with gentle steps.  Although he’d hear the tumbling water down the old pipes as Lily showered, he wouldn’t see her for another half an hour until fully dressed, skipping breakfast, and scurrying from the stairs to the front door.  Margaret would knock four times while inching open the door as Tegan gnawed on a plastic block in the center of the living room floor.  She would ask David how they were doing and he would say everything was fine.  He’d then wait for her to give him permission to leave before taking his laptop to the adjacent office.  Shutting the French doors, he’d then Google whatever came across his distressed mind.  Images of anyone named Scott Hunter.  The cost of hiring divorce lawyers.  Child custody laws in Canada.  The success rate of uCupid matches.  When Lily returned from work, he would hand over Tegan and say that he had to get something.  She wouldn’t ask any questions about why or where he was going.  It was easier with him gone.  When they were both home, the silence was overt; it poked and prodded them in the ribs, scolded them for raising a child in a loveless home.  They could put on a much more convincing performance when it was a one-man or one-woman show.  When David returned, Lily would visit a friend.  And then David would go to sleep and Lily would watch television for a couple of hours on the sofa.  Both of them knew that this couldn’t last much longer.  Both of them knew that someone had to say something.  There was no relieving any pressure.  But neither said anything, as if having accepted that it was for the best that soon it would all explode.  And what an eruption it would be.  David reveled in his visions of the great showdown.  The day Lily and he would unleash their most vile and insecure thoughts on one another.  The day the neighbors would call the police.  The day his four-year-old marriage would come to an end.
Tegan gripped her fingers around the back legs of David’s chair, unsure if the effort required to stand was worth it.  His phone chirped and writhed from the glass coffee table.  He presumed it was just an email.  “You okay down there, Teegs?” he said before standing up, hoping the chair wouldn’t topple down on her.  Tegan grinned to reveal three teeth—two tidy and snug below and one out of place on the top left—and then resumed staring at the wooden legs.  She was busy.  David got his phone.
Your uCupid match has been found.  Please accept.
David put his phone down on the table and stepped back.  The accept button pulsed.  After twenty seconds, the screen dimmed to save power.  He picked it back up, careful not to grant his acceptance of anything.  Instead he called Xavier.  He wasn’t sure why.  He didn’t have any specific questions in mind.  The answering machine picked up.  A female Stephan Hawking informed listeners to leave a message.  David hung up.  “As if he’s not home,” he then said and called again.  After two rings, the call connected.
“Hello.” 
“Hey Zave, it’s me.”
“I’m aware of that.”
“Are you busy right now?”
“I am working on something.”
“Would it be better if I called later?”
“If it’s quick you can talk now.”
“uCupid has given me my match.”
After a long stretch of silence, Xavier acknowledged by saying, “Okay,” in a way that begged for David to get to the point.
“So, I don’t know what happens next.”
“Have you accepted yet?”
“No.”
“Then you should accept.”
“But what happens then?”
“You have to wait until your match accepts.”
“And then what?”
“And then you two can meet.”
“But what if I don’t want to?”
Xavier paused as if to ensure that he’d understood.  “What do you mean?”
“I don’t want to get into something.”
“What do you mean, get into something?”
“I don’t want to start a new relationship.”
“Then why did you sign up?”
“Because I was curious.  Because I saw that you made it.  Not because I wanted to find someone new.”
Xavier seemed to think about this answer for an unreasonably long time.  David began to wonder if his call had been dropped.
“Zave?”
“Then I guess you don’t have to accept.”
David laughed. “But there is no decline option.  There’s only an accept.”
“That’s because everyone accepts.”
“Of course everyone accepts.  There’s no other option.”
All David could hear was a snort.  Xavier said, “Just don’t open the app anymore.”
“Won’t it keep reminding me?”
“You could uninstall it.”
“There should be a decline option.”
“When people get to this point, they want to accept.  It’s just the way it is.”
“I don’t think I want to do this.”
Xavier wasn’t saying anything.
David asked: “Hello?”
“Do you know about Lily?”
“What do you mean?”
Xavier began, “That she,” but didn’t finish.  His words had become a fill-in-the-blank question.
David answered, “That she accepted?  Yeah.  She told me.”
“She told you?”  Xavier’s voice cracked.
“Yeah.  She told me.”
“That’s different.”
“Different is one adjective.  Not one that I’d choose.”
“Is she not satisfied with her match?”
“No, no, no.  Don’t worry.  uCupid continues to work it’s magic.  She told me because it works so well.”
“That’s different.”
David was now standing, looking out the window as if to watch someone, and then back down to Tegan, who was back on the floor.  “Do you know anything about her?”
“About who?”
“My match.”
Xavier didn’t immediately reply.  “Not really.”
That was all David needed to be sure.  Xavier was a terrible liar.  “You know.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Now David was more confident than ever.  “Just tell me about her.  It’s okay if you looked up my match.  I would do the exact same thing.”
Xavier expelled a long sigh worthy of someone conceding after hours of harassment. “I was curious who uCupid was going to select for your match, so I checked.”
“Part with the rationalization and just tell me.”
“Tell you what?”
“I don’t know.”  That was actually a very good question, David realized.  “Is she pretty?”
“That’s the first thing you want to know?  That sounds a little—”
“Okay, okay, okay.  What’s her name?”
“If you just accept you can see all these things.”
As much as David hated to admit it, he knew that his brother was correct.  He was wasting Xavier’s time.  He was going to hang up the phone.  He was going to accept.  “Okay.”
“Can I go now?”
“You can go now.”  David hung up the phone and looked at the message on the screen, as direct and unashamed as if given to him for the very first time.  Your uCupid match has been found.  Please accept.
Sandra Rojas


From a distance her eyebrows appeared to be painted on, the most prominent Arab characteristic amongst her otherwise Latina figure.  Arched like perfect parentheses, they endowed her expression with the façade of being lively and cheerful even when she was groggy and listless.  People who hardly knew her would describe her as being good-natured and optimistic.  And although she wasn’t an exceptionally positive person (according to uCupid, she was in the 71st percentile for optimism), people felt good when around her.  All, in a sense, because of those eyebrows.
Sandra Rojas was born in Cali, Colombia, but moved to Vancouver to attend the nursing program at the University of British Columbia when she was a month shy of turning twenty.  Four months in, she doubted that she’d make it to her twenty-first birthday in this city.  She hated the place.  Never before had she experienced anything as dark and dreary as the month of December on the north Pacific coast.  Whatever sun existed above that kilometer-thick blanket of cloud departed a few hours after noon.  And this dreariness was reflected in the personalities of her classmates.  Everyone bundled in their hoodies and woolen hats (toques, she quickly learned was the term) to insulate themselves from weather as welcoming as a wet towel—but in doing so they’d insulate themselves from humanity.  People would apologize if they bumped shoulders, but were reluctant to say a word in class to anyone they didn’t know.  People so gracious and loud with their friends, but trusting of no one else.  She yearned for the steady hand of the equator, not this seeming affront to human nature that was the north.  If only she could have admitted to her father how homesick she was, she was would have left that first winter.  But Sandra Rojas was not a quitter.  She would at least finish the school year.  At most, complete her degree.
That was eleven years ago.
What changed Sandra’s mind about staying in Vancouver was a boy.  An American boy.  He was from Boise, Idaho, but that was a city that Sandra had never before heard of.  He was a business major but they met in a film-studies course.  In her last year of her studies they moved in together into a one-bedroom apartment in Kits.  He took Spanish lessons.  Within a few more years they spoke of buying a condo.  They alluded to getting married as if it was a given.  She asked him about children and he said that soon he would be ready.  And then another five years passed by.  They still rented that one-bedroom apartment in Kits.  Marriage was a year or two away.  Children a few years after that.  It wasn’t that Sandra Rojas woke up one morning and realized that she needed a change.  But when his work brought him to Shanghai for weeks at a time, Sandra didn’t miss him.  When he came home, Sandra didn’t really yearn to hold him.  This wasn’t so much a revelation as it was an acceptance.  And once she accepted, she held this unavoidable truth with her like a weighty pendant, concealed but always around her neck.  She waited for him to say something, waited for an opportunity to move on.  Perhaps his work would force him to move to China.  Perhaps he would feel the need to return to Idaho.  Perhaps he would just admit that he knew the truth, as well.  That they had great respect for one another but were not in love.  And then another year had gone by and she was thirty years old, living with that same nice but complacent American boy from Boise, Idaho.
Sandra heard about uCupid from a friend who broke off her engagement because of the match it found.  Reluctant about downloading the app, her friend grabbed her phone and purchased it for her.  “I’ll pay you the fucking 99 cents!” she said after demanding Sandra type in her password for confirmation.  They answered her first five questions together:
Are you left or right handed?
Do you own a bobble-head figurine?
How many houseplants do you have?
Could you find the North Star on a clear night (without a compass)?
Do you still have your wisdom teeth?
The next day, Sandra refused to answer anything further.  How on earth could finding the North Star have anything to do with love?  Every notification from uCupid was discarded without thought.  After a week, uCupid began pestering her with emails.  We’ve noticed that you’re no longer answering your personally selected uCupid questions.  Please don’t let your one-true-love go on living without you.  True happiness only requires a minute a day.  Her phone kept buzzing, writhing and yelping all throughout the day as if epileptic.
It was when her boyfriend admitted to her that he saw these messages that they finally broke up.  He wasn’t even mad at her.  He said he thought of using uCupid as well (although he made it clear that he hadn’t).  There seemed to be so little to say.  They weren’t even in a rush to move apart.  She would wait until he left for Shanghai in a few weeks.  When he’d return, their one-bedroom apartment in Kits would be his.  And when she threw down her phone onto the sofa of her new downtown apartment, it yelped back at her.  Please help uCupid help you.  Answer your specially chosen questions.  Don’t make true love wait any longer.  If ever there was a time, this was it.
Have you ever been to Whidbey Island in Washington State?
How much pulp do you prefer in a glass of orange juice?
Do you prefer wearing gloves or mittens?
Would you date someone shorter than you?
Do you know the approximate time of day that you were born?
She shook her head with each and every question.  She cursed at her phone in two different languages.  She threw her phone back down onto the sofa, watched it bounce twice before sitting still, and took a seat.  She faced a television stand without a television.  For the first time in more than ten years, she was on her own.  She’d spent countless evenings sitting in a quiet and otherwise empty apartment; this shouldn’t have felt any different.  It was just official now.  She had to remind herself that this was it.  That this was what she wanted.  That this was for the best, for her to discover who she was now that she wasn’t with him.
Fifteen weeks and three days later, she was informed that a match had been found.  She read the message at five in the morning after a twelve-hour shift at the hospital.  The man’s name was David Dekker and she laughed when she first saw his photograph—he looked as if he had been rescued after enduring weeks adrift at sea.  Only his blue-denim eyes made it clear that she was looking at a human face as opposed to a pile of black hair clippings.  This seemed insulting.  Was this really the face of her perfect match?  She went to bed wondering if she could get her 99 cents back, out of principle.  Call her friend and demand that refund.  That picture alone seemed to warrant a money-back guarantee.  There was no way that she was going to contact that man, she figured.  This must be a glitch.
The following morning, he left a message: I know.  My photo makes me look like someone who would cause an Amber Alert.  Sandra laughed after needing a few seconds to get the joke.  She wasn’t going to reply and she didn’t.  Not for the rest of that morning, that is.
But soon enough Sandra Rojas and David Dekker would be texting, and then talking, and finally falling madly, madly in love with each other.
The Fourteenth Chapter


Xavier gave Gwen a minute before emerging from the basement.  On occasion she would burst back through the door having forgot something—her sunglasses, leather driving gloves, or keys.  Not that it should matter if she came back in on him.  It wasn’t like he was going to masturbate.  If Gwen stumbled on Xavier, he wouldn’t have to answer for anything.  But still he felt like he would.  Or at least that he should.  Either way, it was easier for him to wait, one foot on the first bare wooden step, listening.
Xavier never played music on the stereo when Gwen or Samantha was home.  He wasn’t allowed to.  This wasn’t an unwritten rule; it was an explicitly stated one.  His “quote-unquote music,” as Gwen always referred to it, wasn’t appropriate for young children.  What was appropriate?  Sarah McLachlan.  There was a time when Gwen listened to other artists—her CD collection included other singer-songwriters and a few motion picture soundtracks nearly twenty years old—but in practice Gwen Dekker listened to Sarah McLachlan and only Sarah McLachlan.  And while Sarah McLachlan’s discography officially consisted of seven full-length albums, Gwen played only one.  Xavier pretended that he didn’t know the title of the album; he called it the one with Building a Mystery on it, since that seemed to be the song that was always in the background of their household.  It was called Surfacing.  He pulled out the CD from the tray with a delicate grip using only the tips of all five fingers, as if the center was scorching, and placed it on the mantle.  There was no point in snapping it back into the jewel case.  The disc’s exile was temporary.  An hour at most.  But until then the house was his.  And today the house would be saturated with Metallica’s Master of Puppets.  With a gentle nudge, the CD tray slid back.  The disc whirred a few seconds before summarizing the album’s tracks and length on the firefly green LED display.  8 songs.  54 minutes and 46 seconds.  After parting the living room blinds to ensure that Gwen wasn’t scrambling up the walkway, he pressed play on the remote.   A pair and then trio of Mediterranean-warm acoustic guitars strummed a cyclical melody.  Xavier Dekker was eighteen years old the first time he played this album.  He tore the flimsy plastic off from the case and secured the audiocassette into his waterproof yellow and black Sports Walkman while walking through the mall’s corridors.  When those first chords of “Battery” began, he wondered if this was a mistake.  If the tape had been swapped.  It didn’t seem possible.  This could not have been the same band that conjured the thrashing mania of “Whiplash” just three years earlier.  But now, a quarter century later, this gentle introduction served as the countdown for lift off, and he knew exactly when the engines would ignite.  When the inevitable wrath electric guitars and hammering drums trampled those feeble acoustics.  This was an auditory cleanse.  Like a withered bouquet held up to the exhaust of a fighter jet, Xavier’s Metallica obliterated any trace of Sarah McLachlan’s weary whine from his memories.  He stood equidistant from the left and right speakers, his palms resting on the mantle while watching the track’s time count up with each and every second.  He wouldn’t bang his head.  Even when just a teenager, Xavier never did such absurd things.  He stood and listened to the music.  He would soon sit down.
But first he turned down the volume.  There was no need to be blaring the stereo in such a way.  It seemed immature and if Gwen came home she would be able to hear it from the garage.
Although unlikely that Gwen would return in less than 54 minutes and 46 seconds, Xavier would be disappointed if he were unable to listen to the album’s closing track, “Damage Inc.”  As much as he preferred attending to such seminal albums in their sequential entirety, he couldn’t accept the risk.  He would skip “Orion.”
Before taking a seat on the sofa, Xavier decided to find something to eat in the kitchen.  Half a toasted whole-wheat bagel with a careful spreading of butter, perhaps?  Only one such bagel remained in the freezer and it was coated in a heavy fuzz of ice crystals, like sugar.  It would not do.  He inspected the stainless steel bowl of fruit on the counter.  He would accept a firm banana devoid of black freckles and any streaks of papaya green.  None met these criteria.  On the counter he observed a small pile of mail that Gwen must have retrieved earlier that morning.  There was the Hydro bill and something from the bank.  There was yet another notepad from a local realtor, even though their mailbox was affixed with a clear and direct sticker requesting no junk mail.  Xavier was thinking of adhering a more specific notice when he saw an envelope addressed to him, written in pen.  It was from A.D., who resided at some illegible Vancouver location.  Xavier could not think of anyone with those initials, although he wondered if the D stood for Dekker.  Was there a relative residing nearby that he was not aware of?  He withdrew the brass letter opener from the drawer and sliced through the top flap with its dull blade.  Blowing apart the opening, he pulled out a single sheet of paper, a short typewritten letter.
There was no date, name or introduction.   There was no salutation or signature.  It stated in capital letters:
YOUR THE FUCKING PROGRAMER THAT BROKE UP MY MARRIAGE.
IM GONNA FUCKING KILL YOU XAVIER.
Xavier’s first reaction was to nod.  And then he swallowed.  And then his heart raced so fast it was already out the door.

*  *  *





The
Better
Half
What David Did 


It was four in the afternoon on a Friday and David was celebrating the conclusion of a week’s classes with his roommate, Bryce, a student from San Diego who was as devoted to playing American football as he was to smoking British Columbian marijuana.  Bryce was one of those people who David became roommates with by accident, became close friends with by default, and would never speak to again mere months after graduating.  When the phone rang, neither wanted to get up.  The landline was across the room and would require using one’s legs.
“Are you expecting a call?” Bryce asked with a smoldering joint in his hand.
David shook his head.  “Let it go to voicemail.”
Bryce agreed and after four and a half rings, the phone went silent as if gagged.  They would leave their musty and dingy suite less than an hour later, neither checking the phone.
Bryce played the message when he returned home, alone.  David was still out.  Somewhere.  Bryce wasn’t sure of his location.  It was well past midnight and after listening to the brief message, Bryce was going to write a note.  Tell David that his mother called.  But there was not a pen in reach.  Fuck it.  He stumbled into his room, closed the door behind him, and fell onto his mattress.  When David arrived less than fifteen minutes later, he scrounged a trio of Extra Strength Tylenol from a barren kitchen cabinet.  He never thought of checking the messages.  He stumbled to bed with the aide of his outstretched hands that guided him along the walls, doorframes, and furniture.
The first time Sheila Dekker called that next morning, David and Bryce didn’t notice a thing.  When she called an hour later, the noise woke both but neither got out of bed.  When she called yet again, David cursed into his pillow—his profanities directed at whoever continued to call as well as Bryce for not getting up.  David pushed himself off from his mattress and hurried out the door, grabbing the receiver before that pivotal fifth ring.  “Hello?” he said in a manner and tone that clearly meant to say, this better be important.
“Is David there?”
David stretched his eyes wide and cleared his throat away from the microphone.  “Oh, hey, Mom.  It’s me.”
“Did I catch you at a bad time?” she said, knowing very well that she’d caught him at a bad time.
“Oh, no.  I was just sleeping in.”  David almost gasped for water.  He stretched the coiled phone cord tight to reach the kitchen sink, from which he relished in a few lapping gulps right from the spout.  He thought of apologizing for not answering the phone earlier, but he wasn’t sorry.  Why the fuck was his mother calling on a Saturday morning?  He was going to let her say her bit, nod along, and then go back to bed.  So many hours of luxurious sleep were waiting for him just down the hallway.  He yearned for a cordless phone.  Then he would be free to tumble onto the couch, rest the phone against his cheek, and close his eyes while mumbling acknowledgements.  Then Sheila informed him of her diagnosis.  She conveyed details that made no sense at all.  Like someone giving endless verbal directions, nothing stuck past those first one or two points.  But that was all that really mattered: his mother had cancer and it was serious.  The fifteen-minute conversation ended with David telling her that he’d see her in person soon.
Bryce emerged from his room after David had hung up and asked what was wrong, saying it sounded serious.  David shrugged his shoulders.  Said it was just his mom.  Nothing much.  And then he went back into his room to lie down in bed.  He stared up to the ceiling and the patterns that he’d find in the spackling, marked with brown and beige stains.  Sometimes he could have sworn that those swooping curves had grown.  He’d wonder if the students upstairs had let their bathtub overflow.  But at that moment he just stared at those meaningless shapes and thought about how it felt to know that his mother was dying and he was not.
The Fifteenth Chapter


David looked up to the rounded swoops in the spackled plaster ceiling, visualizing the motions of the toothy trowel that formed those rugged grooves half a century ago.  Glancing back at his phone, he knew that the alarm would go off in less than three minutes.  There was no point in trying to get back to sleep.  He should have gotten out of bed.  But instead he chose to stare at the ceiling, as if there was something to be discovered in those specks and streaks.  There was hardly a month during the year when the sun would rise early enough for him to discern anything at such a time; this seemed like something he should savor.
His phone began to quiver and chime.  Not even a second later and he’d swiped his thumb across the screen and sat up.  He then looked over to Sandra, who rustled but didn’t seem to awaken.  He figured he should let her sleep and gently sat up, intending to tip toe to the washroom and shower.  She then croaked: “Besos.”  She was smiling with her eyes closed, smug, knowing he could not possibly disobey.
He leaned down for a kiss and her lips pulled him back into bed.  He had to resist.  If he didn’t stop soon, he’d be back in bed, she’d be sliding down his underwear, and starting work would be all the more arduous.  They lived together.  There was no rush.  There was no urgency.  But when she wrapped her hands around his shoulders, there was no going back.  He had fifteen minutes to sign in. There was most definitely a sense of urgency.
When he looked into her eyes mere inches from his, their breaths heaving but easing, he knew he had to get up and get into that shower.  It was five to eight in Boston.  “I need to go,” he said before pushing himself up.
“Besos.”
“Lo siento,” he kissed her again and stood up.  “I gotta go to work.”
“You work in the next room.”
“And I have to be in the next room in a minute.”
Sandra emitted a short grunt that somehow transmitted her begrudging acceptance.  She rolled over onto her side, facing away.
“Get back to sleep,” David said.  “Normal people shouldn’t be up at this time.”  He leaned down to give un beso mas.  “I love you.”
“I love you, too.”

David Dekker didn’t want to fall in love with Sandra Rojas—he wanted to prove both Lily and Xavier wrong.  Prove that uCupid was as flawed as the man who created it.  Lily and Tegan were down in Seattle for a weekend when he met Sandra for the first time.  They rendezvoused at a pub where a net of Christmas lights hung from the ceiling even though it was March.  He immediately found her attractive and enjoyed the occasional use of Spanish as if for seasoning; her accent made everything sound coy, if not sarcastic.  But David wasn’t going to fall in love and so he held nothing back from her.  He showed off his wedding ring like a trophy.  Within minutes he admitted that he had a ten-month-old girl.  Told Sandra that this felt wrong, that it was his wife, of all people, who encouraged him to meet her.  This was not going to go anywhere.  This was just something he had to do to prove his wife wrong.  Sandra Rojas was an unfortunate pawn, nothing more.  And she wasn’t bothered.  She had no idea of what to expect from him.  She, too, held nothing back.  Told him that her friend installed the app against her will.  Told him that she had no interest in starting a relationship at this point.  Told him that she, like him, was only doing this to get it over with, to prove to her friends that uCupid was not foolproof.  They spent half an hour remembering recent questions.  For the two that they could recall having in common (‘How often do you wear sandals outdoors?’ and ‘Did you used to watch Seinfeld when it was first run?’), they didn’t select the same responses (David often wore sandals and watched Seinfeld; Sandra rarely wore sandals and never found Jerry Seinfeld funny).  That first meeting wasn’t going to go anywhere.  They saw pleasant characteristics in one another but that was it.  They could see themselves hanging out again as friends.  Their conversations came without effort, as if they’d known each other for years.  That was it.  But that didn’t equal profound and eternal love.  At the end of the evening, they gave their goodbyes.  They didn’t share a kiss (although, admittedly, if he’d had another couple of drinks, David probably would have tried).  When he returned home, he texted Lily to inform her that it was a waste of time.  uCupid was flawed.  She didn’t believe him.  See her again, she replied.  See her again.
He wasn’t going to, David was certain of that much.  If Lily wanted a divorce he would not make it so easy for her to rationalize.  But when Sandra texted him two days later, admitting that she’d been thinking about him, he agreed to see her.  He’d been thinking about her, as well.  He told Lily that he was having a few beers with Brett, said he would be back late.  After several drinks, they went down to the beach and David wrapped his coat around Sandra to shield her from the crisp, late winter breeze.  His hands trembled.  His back quivered when she touched him.  She chuckled and then asked, “So, are we going to kiss now?” David first thought of Lily, as if afraid she might find out.  He was a married man with a young daughter and here he was.  There were people everywhere.  This was the most public beach in the entire city.  This was not a place for secrets.  They went back to her apartment, a ten-minute walk away.  The guilt nestled itself in his stomach like a parasite.  He figured it wasn’t warranted.  Lily encouraged him to do this.  Lily did the same thing with Scott Hunter.  But it was there, a long, gelatinous serpent that would slither and coil itself in the pit of his stomach with each thought of his wife and his daughter.  It didn’t seem possible that something as nebulous as a feeling could be so physically concrete.  But it was there.  It had mass.  And then it went.  It withered and dissolved, because with time, guilt proves to carry no mass at all.  Looking back now, not even three months later, there was no denying what he was feeling, how quickly Sandra saturated all of his thoughts, how often he found himself wanting to see her, Sandra Rojas, and not anyone else.  It seemed too trite, too hackneyed, too naïve to be possible.  But it was true.  uCupid was flawless.

The staccato pulse of the phone alerted him that someone was waiting by the lobby.  Lily and Tegan would be at his door in less than a minute.  He conducted one final, hasty survey of the living room for anything that Tegan might unwittingly injure herself upon.  It was just last weekend that she nearly lost an eye on the corner of the coffee table—or at least David feared that she nearly lost an eye.  Should Tegan have fallen a single additional centimeter in either direction the wooden point would have plunged into his daughter’s retina like a stiletto heel into a grape.  Admittedly, this gruesome image was not backed with any sort of medical knowledge, but the truth of the matter was inconsequential.  David had long ago discovered that as a parent the only plausible scenarios were those worst-case scenarios.  A quick pair of assured knocks on the door was followed by a single, feeble thud.  He opened the door and Lily was holding up Tegan with a folded arm.  The instant she saw him towering above, Tegan‘s free hand flapped, her legs bounced and she bared all five of her teeth.  He picked her up and Tegan clamped her legs around his waist.  There was still a scab on the bridge of her nose that he kissed.  As uncertain as David was about the idea of Tegan spending the rest of her childhood travelling between two different homes, at moments like this he didn’t care.  Tegan panted with enthusiasm.  “So,” David said while brushing aside those short waves of black hair, “she’s mine for the weekend?”
“She’s all yours.”  Lily held onto Tegan’s hand as if to hope that her daughter might pull her closer.  “Sandra’s at work?”
“Yeah.  She gets home at ten.”
“Ten?” Lily’s eyes widened.  “How are you going to stay awake that late?”
“With great difficulty, trust me.”
“You have a nice weekend planned?”
“Yeah.  You know, I figure if we just keep her out on the balcony with a bowl of water and food, she should be fine.  It’s not like Teegs can climb over the railing yet.”
Lily slapped David’s shoulder.  “Don’t say that.  She’s not a cat.”
“Sometimes she sure acts like a cat.”
“She’s not a cat.”
“Seriously, we both look forward to this, trust me.  Sandra absolutely adores Tegan, she really does.”
“I know, I know.  It’s too bad she’s not home yet.  It would have been nice to see her again.”
“The feeling is surely mutual.”  David heaved Tegan up another couple of inches, eliciting an abrupt shriek and moan.  She then said something that he liked to assume was a variation of the word “daddy.”  David looked expectantly back towards Lily as if to validate what his daughter had said.
“I’ll give you that one,” Lily said.  “I’ll give you that one.”
David wasn’t sure what was to be said next.  It wasn’t that he wanted Lily to leave—he would have enjoyed her sticking around for a few hours.  She gripped a pair of Tegan’s fingers, pausing as if trying to recall something.  Lily was never the type to appear uncertain or uncomfortable.  That was one of the things that he found so attractive about her in the first place, that confidence in each and every one of her actions.  As Lily stood, hesitating in the doorway of Sandra’s apartment, David thought of asking if she wanted to come in.  “Do you want to—”
“No, no, no.  I need to go.  Have a great weekend.”  She then kneeled down to Tegan’s face.  “Bye Teegs.  Have a good time with Daddy.” After a weary sigh, Lily stood, the pair kissed each other on the cheek, and she left.  For Seattle.  Where she was going to spend a weekend with Scott Hunter looking for an apartment to rent.

David parked the stroller beside a waterfront bench and Tegan sat on his knee as they faced the lazy waves lapping and rolling against the beach.  He counted nearly a dozen cargo ships still in the calm bay, the water as reflective as mercury.  Cherry red streaks of cloud hovered above the horizon.  Tegan said nonsense that David could listen to for hours without growing bored.  He knew it was time to bring her home, to put her to bed, but he enjoyed sitting here.  He wasn’t bothered to be alone with his daughter on a Friday night.  He didn’t yearn to be out with friends in a pub or at home smoking pot or anywhere else.  And not that it mattered where he was at that moment.  He couldn’t want for anything, because he knew that in just a couple of hours, Sandra would return home from the hospital.  With these simple things—his beautiful daughter and a wonderful woman—he didn’t need or wish for anything else.  Kissing Tegan in that ticklish spot at the top of her neck, David wasn’t used to feeling this way.  It seemed to catch him off guard.  He’d feel forced to pause, to appreciate how happy he was.  It didn’t seem right, he’d think, still smiling.  It seemed too easy.
When the front door rattled at a quarter past ten, David’s heart hurried.  This must be how puppies feel when their masters come home, he thought, wanting to hurry to the front door.  It opened and Sandra stood there in her olive green scrubs, tossing down her backpack, kicking off her shoes.  “Tegan’s asleep?” she whispered and David nodded, getting up from the sofa towards her.  Until she stepped through that door, he was going to ask her about her day.  He was going to tell her about his evening with Tegan.  He was going to make her a drink.   He was going to discuss plans for the weekend.  He was going to wait.  But the moment he saw Sandra, he couldn’t wait.  It didn’t matter that her hair was pulled back with a headband.  That he could smell her socks from where he stood.  That her scrubs revealed so little of her feminine figure that the person underneath could have been a teenage boy.  It didn’t matter.  He grabbed her waist and felt those perfect and imperfect but most-definitely feminine curves.  It had been months and still Sandra surprised him with how petite she seemed when standing against him, toe to tippy-toe.  His thumbs would brush over her breasts and then down to her waist.  Leaning down, David kissed her in a way that made it clear that he wasn’t intent on keeping her in those scrubs much longer.

A siren woke David only after it must have passed the building, as the long and whining wail ebbed.  He rolled onto his back and Sandra didn’t rustle.  Just before closing his eyes and falling back into a dream, he looked at that spackled ceiling, those swerves and curves of grainy plaster, like ricotta cheese.  And he thought to himself that he could do this, this right here, forever.
The Sixteenth Chapter


This wasn’t to be the first time that David would meet Scott Hunter.  Lily was eager for them to get to know each other immediately, certain that they’d get along like old friends from the very beginning.  They had many things in common, she said.  The same dry sense of humor.  The same taste in music.  They even shared the same unshaven face—although just about every other guy in his thirties was sporting a beard these days.  The first time David met Scott Hunter was when he still lived with Lily.  Scott came up from Seattle for the day and they had coffee together at a place a few blocks from the house.  While outstretching his hand to shake, Scott’s first words were: “I’m Scott.  This is really fucking weird.”  Lily, David and Scott sat at a circular table, their chairs spaced in even thirds.  David didn’t know where to look.  If his eyes lingered on Lily for even just a second then he might seem to be pining.  Should he get caught inspecting Scott Hunter, he would seem covetous.  What he did notice of Scott Hunter, however, was that this perfect uCupid match didn’t seem exceptionally perfect—as petty as it sounded, David was worried that this handsome, strapping young man would come in with a handshake as tight as a vice.  Dimpled chin, smirking cheekbones, and pectoral muscles like a suit of armor beneath his shirt.  But Scott Hunter looked comparatively like an oaf—imagine Andre the Giant scaled down to six feet in height.  His dark hair was hardly contained by his toque.  His collared, plaid shirt was wrinkled.  His shoes were actually pretty cool.  David felt pangs of jealously but he didn’t become angry.  When he’d visualize Scott’s erect, bearded penis thrusting in and out of Lily’s vagina—Lily was on her back and Scott held on to each of her raised knees for support, his chest glazed as if with baby oil, his grunting breaths the exhaust from a steam engine—David found himself repulsed by this image, not incensed.  That distinction was a relief.  He liked to believe that he felt sorry for Lily.  And because of this, he let his guard down.  He admitted that those shoes were cool.  He laughed at a couple of Scott’s jokes without realizing it.  Perhaps he was too close, too much in the middle of everything to have a perspective on what he felt.  Perhaps it was like when he first learned that his mother was dying.  He felt something—he was sure of that much—but just not what it was, exactly. 
Lily was adamant that not only should they all be close friends (for Tegan’s sake, if nothing else) but they all would become close friends.  Lily and David were separating not because they hated each other but because uCupid showed them that there was someone else for each.  And so Sandra was an integral part of this.  David was wary—he knew that Lily was prone to deeper fits of jealousy than she’d admit.  If he ever bumped into an ex-girlfriend in her presence, Lily would assure him that it was okay for them to talk.  She’d tell him that it wouldn’t matter.  She’d remind him that she’s not a bitch.  She’d reassure him that it didn’t matter.  But it mattered.  He figured that it would be a mistake for her to meet Sandra.  He tried to persuade her otherwise but this only made matters worse.  This insinuated that Lily was less mature than him.  That she was, in fact, a bitch.  Sandra first met Lily on a blustery but sunny April afternoon.  Every five minutes, someone was taking off a coat and then putting it back on.  Lily, having travelled extensively in her twenties but never to Colombia, was enthralled by Sandra’s descriptions of a country at the nape of a continent between two tropical oceans.  Lily practiced her Spanish, which Sandra assured her was quite good, and the two carried on long conversations that David couldn’t understand.  They would erupt in laughter and promise him that it was nothing.  And Sandra adored Tegan.  She had no reservations about playing with Lily’s daughter, said how she had several nieces around that age back in Cali.  When they parted, Lily grabbed Sandra’s hands and said, “I’m so glad you’re the person who is joining our family.”  If she wasn’t genuine, then Lily had become a fantastic actor.  As Sandra and David walked back to her apartment, David was in shock.  He couldn’t have imagined them all getting along any better.
So, while this wasn’t to be the first time that David met Scott or even that Lily would meet Sandra, this was to be the first time they’d all meet each other.  Double dates like this were part of the new uCupid culture—a show of force meant to declare that uCupid wasn’t tearing apart families but instead growing new ones all together.  It was a way of proving that uCupid was an entirely positive phenomenon.  By getting together, people were admitting that their old relationships were good, yes, but now this is something better.  Something flawless.
They met at a Salvadorian restaurant on Commercial Drive, a place that advertised the ‘Best Papusas in Vancouver!’ in a way that not only insinuated that the average person strolling past knew what papusas were, but that there was at least one other business within the city limits that sold such things.
“So, how is your brother doing lately?” Lily asked, her choice of words telling. She wouldn’t use Xavier’s name, as doing so would imply that she had a personal connection with him.  They had never met.  To Lily, Xavier Dekker was a work of fiction.  “He must be loaded.”
David thought of telling a lie, but his connection with Xavier was too knotted with falsehoods already.  He shrugged his shoulders.  “I haven’t heard from him in a while, actually.”
Sandra scoffed.  “This is what amaze me.  His brother, he lives in the same city and they never even talk.”
“Well, it is like an hour drive with traffic,” David added.
Sandra continued, “I did not believe him when he said that his brother made uCupid.  I thought it was some stupid little joke because they had the same last name.  He had to show me a photograph to prove it.”
“I knew David for seven years and I never once met him.” Lily shook her head.  “His brother is an asshole.  He wouldn’t even come to our wedding.”
“He’s not an asshole,” David said, trying not to sigh.  “He’s just different.”
“He’s evil.” Lily asserted.
“So,” Scott perked up, “he like, cuts up goats and stuff?”
Lily ignored Scott’s joke and looked to Sandra.  “He must have told you what his brother did?  When their mother died?”
David tried to divert the course of this conversation: “I don’t really want—”
“He never want to talk about it.” Sandra said.  “He only will tell me that they were never close.”
“I’m sorry,” Lily shook her head, “but that’s the one thing that pisses me off about uCupid’s success.  I wish I didn’t have to give Xavier any of my money, even if it was just 99 cents.”
Scott said, “Well, he probably only got about sixty of those cents, if that makes you feel any better.”
“You know,” David said.  “I’ll be the first to say that I didn’t always give him a fair shake.  But we’re different.  We have our own lives.    We shouldn’t be too hard on him.”
Sandra looked at David, “What did he do to your mother?”
“He did nothing to my mother.”
“No,” Lily explained to Sandra, “But after his mother passed away, Xavier fought for all the inheritance.  He is a greedy fucker who only cares about money.”
David sighed.  “That’s a bit of an overgeneralization.”
“That’s what you told me.”
David could only nod.  What Lily said was absolutely true—not that Xavier demanded all the inheritance like she claimed, but that this was what David had told her.  David was the one who began this false narrative so long ago.  It was entirely of his own making.  He shifted in his seat.  “Yes, but maybe I was a bit harsh with the details.  My mother passed away thirteen years ago.  I think a lot can be forgiven.  I think a lot should be forgiven.”
Lily looked at David as if she hardly recognized the man that was still officially her husband.  “David, have you really softened so much in your old age?”
Sandra put a hand on his shoulder, “I think I have been a calming influence.”
“I think you have.”  Lily looked disappointed.  “But then I have to ask, David, why haven’t you spoken to him in so long?”
“You know, I’ve tried actually.  But I can’t get a hold of him.”
“Because he probably lives in some palace now,” Lily groaned.  “It’s the most annoying people in the world that become rich.”
David nodded.  “I would think he’s probably doing okay at this point.”
“Doing okay?”  Lily chuckled.  “What, aren’t there like a billion uCupid users now?”
“I think that’s a bit of an exaggeration,” Scott said.
David then answered.  “Ten million users, as of a couple of weeks ago.  But who knows?  In another few years it might be a billion.”
Lily groaned. “Oh, that makes me so angry.  People like him, people like your brother—and I’m sorry to say that—but they don’t deserve to get so rich and happy.”

Of course the evening went well.  Remember: uCupid was flawless.  There was never a moment when the group struggled to think of something to say.  There was never a time when anyone appeared jealous.  When Lily left proclaiming how they must do this again, she was genuine.  This didn’t feel forced.  This wasn’t a painful and ritualistic family reunion that had to be done.  As they walked down to the train and Sandra asked David if he enjoyed himself, he was telling the truth when he said that he did.  But Sandra could tell that something was bothering him.  That he didn’t seem to be at ease.  And when he repeated that nothing was wrong, she knew that he was lying—but unlike Lily, she also knew that there was nothing to gain by demanding the whole truth.  She took his hand and squeezed it only for a second before letting it go.  She didn’t need to say a word.  Neither cared for holding hands in public—it just seemed like something teenagers did as a display of their adolescence—but the feeling of her slender fingers around his and the look in her eyes transmitted a message: I know something is bothering you.  That’s okay.  I’m here.  I love you.  David stopped in his tracks and pulled Sandra back towards him.  He didn’t say a word.  He kissed her on the lips as people blurred back and forth in either direction.  They then carried on towards the train.
David was still thinking about Xavier.  He’d tried to get a hold of him several times in these last months.  At first he would only get an answering machine.  Then the phone would ring indefinitely.  Then there was a message stating that the number was no longer in service.  He drove by Xavier’s house but it appeared abandoned (although, to be fair, Xavier and Gwen’s house never really exhibited many signs of life from street level).  It was what Lily had said about Xavier being “rich and happy” that jabbed into him.  David could easily imagine the former—Xavier would become enthused by the numerical value of his bank balance in the same way that he would admire the magnitude of a high score when playing Defender on his old Atari 2600.  But what David could not so readily imagine was his brother being happy.
The Seventeenth Chapter


Xavier realized that he hadn’t left his apartment in a week.  And even then, he’d gone directly from his suite to the elevator, down to the fifth level of the subterranean parkade and up a dizzying spiral of right hand turns to the street.  From there it was three blocks and two traffic lights to the supermarket, then down to its own underground parking lot.  His plan was to pick up more than just frozen pizzas, frozen lasagnas, frozen French fries.  He was going to purchase fresh produce.  Make a pasta.  Make his own bolognaise.  Maybe enough to freeze individual portions for the week.  But plans had to change.  From the moment he emerged from his 1997 Honda Civic, people seemed to be staring.  Every person with sunglasses could have been looking his way—and everyone was wearing sunglasses.  Shouldn’t they be taking them off once indoors?  Why else would people keep them on, if not to hide the focus of their prying eyes?  A woman coming down the aisle inspected his cart as if to profile his choice of ingredients.  He wanted to ask her what she was looking for.  He wanted to ask if he had something she needed.  He said nothing.  He went straight to the freezers and picked up pizzas and lasagnas.  And then more Sriracha sauce.  He made a point of exclusively using the self-service checkout, thus eliminating the potential hazard of small talk.  But even then, people standing ahead of him in line would turn to glance around.  It had not been two weeks since the last time a man asked if he was the guy who created uCupid.  At the time, Xavier stalled before denying any involvement.  The man apologized but clearly didn’t believe him.  Xavier subsequently thought that he should start going out in a disguise.  Maybe grow a beard like David.  Maybe wear sunglasses.
Xavier wasn’t going to inform Gwen of that first death threat he received in the mail.  He decided to rip up the letter and flush it down the kitchen sink garbage disposal.  He figured that it was just some grammatically incorrect sentences on paper.  He figured it would be best to ignore it.  The note was down the drain, literally.  And so too he liked to pretend that it was out of mind.  But just how this man (Xavier figured that the chance of such a threat coming from a woman was below 5%) managed to acquire his home address was not only a question that he could not answer, but one that refused to vanish from his thoughts.  The next two threats—one addressed from Vancouver, the other from Los Angeles—arrived the following week.  The Los Angeles letter was handwritten and essentially said the same thing as that first threat, while the other was business-like, typed out in twelve-point, Times New Roman font and composed into tidy paragraphs that detailed how uCupid was a “cancer” that had destroyed what was a healthy, happy marriage.  This second letter, while never explicitly wishing death upon Xavier Dekker, did warn that, “other, less-rational people would surely yearn to seek violence upon the individual responsible for such wanton marital destruction.”
That same day, Xavier searched online and located a forum where an anonymous user had posted his address.  128 Aspenwood Place, Port Moody, British Columbia, Canada.  Xavier read this while sitting in the basement of 128 Aspenwood Place, Port Moody, British Columbia, Canada.  The entire discussion was devoted to people furious with uCupid for tearing apart their relationships.  There were more than a thousand posts, dating back no more than a couple of months.  Seeing his address in digital print—an ink both ethereal and perpetual—was profoundly different from reading that first crudely-written letter.  This was real.  This was online.  This wasn’t going to end.  This was only going to get worse, and exponentially so.
Still Xavier thought that he could keep this from Gwen.  He thought that he could convince her to relocate without these events being mentioned.  That she might want to take advantage of the wealth that was just around the corner.  Before he could muster the confidence to advise Gwen of moving, she was the one who opened the next threat, addressed to The Dekker Family.  He was downstairs in his office when he heard an abbreviated scream, like her lips had been muffled by a firm and asphyxiating hand from behind.  He hurried though the unfinished basement and up the stairs into the living room.  Gwen was standing at the kitchen counter with the letter in her hand.  He nodded.
In retrospect, Xavier realized it wasn’t wise of him to keep those first threats to himself.  He knew he was a terrible liar and wouldn’t be able to convince Gwen that he’d never received anything like this before—although for a few seconds, this was exactly what he thought of doing.  Tell her that he’d never seen such a thing before.  But he was nodding.  He was acknowledging.  He told her that he’d received three others in these last weeks.  He told her that he thought it might have been David at first.  And he told her that their home address was online.  When Gwen heard that last admission, she appeared ill.  She held onto the kitchen counter.  He didn’t have a suitable answer as to why he’d kept this to himself.  He just didn’t want to make her upset.
“We have to move.” Gwen then said. 
Xavier was relieved.  “That’s what I was thinking.”
“What if these people do something to Samantha?”
“I was thinking we could stay in a hotel for a few nights—” This was as far as Xavier got before Gwen interrupted.  Had he been able to relay his entire plan, he would have added that they could then find a house to rent before purchasing a new property in the following months.  He’d already begun checking real estate listings in several different communities.  They could even afford to hire security, if she wished.  He thought this to be the most prudent plan.
But no.
“We can’t stay together!”  Gwen said this in a way that implied the words, ‘are you crazy?’  “If someone is after you, we can’t let Samantha be anywhere near you.”
Xavier nodded as if to be polite.
Gwen was lost for words.   Xavier could see her fingers trembling against the counter.  She then said, “Are you crazy?”
“I’m sure we’d be safe in a hotel.”
Gwen shook her head, insulted that Xavier could think of this, that he could be so very selfish.  “No.  Not at all.  We will not be safe together.  You have to be somewhere else.  On your own.”
At the time, Xavier didn’t try to argue the point.  It seemed that Gwen was putting the safety of their daughter above all else and disputing this would prove his selfishness.  He agreed that the only prudent thing would be for them to get separate hotels.  And then separate rentals.  It only made sense for them to have limited contact.  If he’d already received four threats in the course of a single month, it was surely going to get worse.  By saying nothing for so long, he’d already put his daughter and family in danger.  It was his job to keep them safe.
Gwen would remain in the suburbs so that Samantha wouldn’t have to switch schools.  They agreed that there was no reason for their daughter to know what was happening.  They would say that he was busy with his work and that he needed to live on his own.  The farther, the better.  They decided on him renting a condo downtown because there was anonymity in numbers.  People in towers didn’t speak to their neighbors.  People in towers didn’t know their neighbors.  In many of these buildings, people in towers didn’t even have neighbors; there were so many rich overseas investors buying properties to bank their wealth that these owners didn’t care if their units were left vacant for months or years at a time.  It would be so much easier for someone to do something stupid on a quiet residential street without onlookers than in a cramped and narrow peninsula housing hundreds of thousands of people.  It made sense, Xavier thought at the time, even though he never liked the idea of living downtown.  He disliked crowds.  He disliked waiting for elevators.  He disliked drunk people yelping as if they were the only souls around.  He disliked the crackheads and junkies who seemed to lurk in every available urban crevasse.  He disliked the sirens that echoed through the canyons of glass.  He disliked the 9 O’Clock Gun, a cannon that fired each evening at exactly nine o’clock (appropriately enough), causing him to flinch as if someone had just been shot.  But on the twentieth floor of his apartment overlooking Coal Harbour, he felt removed from the world (he also disliked that the “twentieth floor” was actually only sixteen stories above grade, there being no fourth, thirteenth or fourteenth floors in order to assuage those superstitious investors).  He never saw another person in his hallway.  He could walk to the grocery store and no one seemed to notice his presence.  He could have just been another ambling tourist.  Then one day while at a supermarket checkout, the cashier paused from her duties to ask, “Are you the uCupid guy?”  He stood expressionless as if translating her words.  Once the silence and stillness between the two became awkward, the cashier shook her head, apologized, and told him to “never mind.”  Xavier remained silent, paid for his goods in cash, and walked away certain of two things: he would never again come to this grocery store, and from now on he would only use the self-checkout.
After that, it seemed that any person on the street who looked at Xavier for any discernable length of time had recognized him.  People’s heads would follow him as he walked.  What else could they have been looking at?  “Excuse me,” a black haired woman asked while propping up her sunglasses as they crossed paths on the seawall.  He shook his head while quickening his pace.  He knew she wasn’t asking for directions.  At home he searched online forums for updated mentions of his whereabouts, if people might have already learned that he had moved.  Already Xavier’s digital narrative was being updated.  Xavier Dekker was impossible to contact.  Xavier Dekker was getting threats.  Xavier Dekker was becoming a recluse.  Xavier Dekker was in hiding.  Xavier Dekker’s marriage was falling apart.
Gwen had found her uCupid match.  His name was Shawn Tillman.  According to his GPS information, he lived an hour drive up the valley, in Abbotsford.  Both he and Gwen accepted each other’s invitations.  Within hours they started messaging.  This was when Xavier hypothesized that his wife wanted him to move downtown so that she could leave him with ease.  This was when Xavier began to think that he should call her, tell her what he knew: about Shawn Tillman, yes, and the other thing.  Especially the other thing.  And this was when Xavier stopped leaving his apartment.  It wasn’t just for his personal safety.  There simply didn’t seem to be a reason to leave.  There was nothing out there for him.  In his apartment he was safe, he had a high-speed remote connection to his server, he had a thirteen cubic-foot freezer filled with lasagnas and pizzas.  He had three bottles of sriracha sauce.  He had everything he needed.  When his phone rang—only Gwen knew that number—he stopped feeling the need to answer it.  She could leave voicemail messages.  If he spoke to her in person he might say something he’d later regret.  She might figure out that he knew.  Instead he’d let it ring and then wait several minutes before listening to her messages.  She was asking if he was all right.  She was taking Samantha to her parents for the weekend.  She was competing in a triathlon next week, in Abbotsford.  She was thinking that she might have found a new house for her to live.  She never said that they needed to talk.  She never mentioned Shawn Tillman.  She never said that things weren’t working out.  She just seemed to be living her life free from his.  And she didn’t sound the slightest bit worried.
So, not only had he been within the confines of his 750 square-foot apartment for more than a week, Xavier realized that in all this time he hadn’t spoken to another living soul.  No one.  He had no reason for speech.  He wouldn’t have to make a sound if he didn’t want to.  Just whether or not this was a bad thing, he wasn’t sure.  It was just a statement of fact.
The Eighteenth Chapter


If Lily had given more thought to the fact that her mother had decided to attend Wimbledon on her own, she might have seen it coming.  But she didn’t give much thought to it—Margaret had spoken of visiting London to see The Championships, Wimbledon for as long as Lily could recall.  As a child, the end of Lily’s school year was unofficially marked with tennis coverage overrunning the living room television set for days upon end.  When family friends would travel to London—or at least transfer at Heathrow or Gatwick—Margaret would ensure that they returned with “a little something,” a shirt, visor, or three-pack of tennis balls.  “Why would you want to go there?” Bob would say whenever pressed upon making the pilgrimage.  “You’ve seen one big city, you’ve seen them all.”  Knowing that Bob would never be convinced to get on that trans-Atlantic flight, Margaret spoke of going with Lily.  A mother-daughter bonding trip, she’d call it.  It would be a blast, she guaranteed.  And whenever this prospect was mentioned, Lily pretended to contemplate the notion.  She’d nod and say that she’d have to check with her work schedule.  When Lily married David, she said it wouldn’t be fair to him.  And once pregnant with Tegan, then, well, it was never again mentioned.  So when Margaret declared that she was finally going to England, without Bob, Lily was proud.  Her sixty-three-year-old mother was going to do something she’d dreamt about for most of her life, even if it meant doing it on her own.  Lily encouraged her.  Said that London was a great city.  That travelling on one’s own gives the soul focus.  That Bob was a fool for not wanting to go with her.
Lily was alone when Margaret rapped her knuckles on the door the usual four times before opening.  Lily wasn’t expecting her to come by so quickly—if Margaret’s flight was on time, then she’d only been back in the city for an hour.  Hurrying from the kitchen to the foyer, Lily’s first words were: “Sorry, Tegan’s with David.  I’m not picking her up until tomorrow.”
“Oh, I know,” Margaret smiled and rested her suitcase by the shoes.  Lily could hardly fathom what trinkets her mother had returned with.   “I don’t just come by to see her, you know.”
“But most of the time, you do.”
“Don’t say that,” Margaret’s smile wasn’t faltering, and yet she appeared nervous.  “I wanted to see you.”
“You’re okay?”
“Of course!  I’m great.”
Lily didn’t believe her, but she nodded along while trying to think about what might be up.  Margaret was acting.  She was hiding something.  Lily took a seat at the sofa, hoping that her mother would do the same.  “So…  how was London?”
“Oh,” Margaret expelled a mighty burst of air as if to relieve pressure.  “It was fantastic!  I had the time of my life.”
“That’s great.  I didn’t hear anything from you, so I wasn’t sure.”
“Oh, I was fine.”  That smile didn’t wane.  Lily felt as if her mother was preparing to sell her something.  “I wish I could have stayed longer.”
“And… Wimbledon?  It was what you hoped for?”
“Yes, yes!”  Margaret nodded, but for the first time that grin wavered.
“That’s it?  ‘Yes, yes.’  That’s all you have to say about Wimbledon?”
“Well, I didn’t think you wanted to hear about all the boring details.”
“No, no, no.  I’d love to hear all the details.  The more boring, the better.”
Margaret laughed just a little too intensely for Lily’s liking.  Her joke wasn’t that funny.  Something was most definitely wrong.  It was as if her mother had just walked away unscathed from a car accident.  An airbag had saved her life and now she was aimlessly strolling, admiring the life that normally passes by in the periphery.
Lily asked to be sure: “You’re okay?”
“Lillian, I’m great.  Do you have any wine, actually?”
“That, I do have.”  Lily walked to the kitchen and Margaret followed.  Lily became certain that her mother was not of right mind when she allowed Lily to fill her glass to the brim without protest.  Usually—actually, always—Margaret would remind anyone dispensing wine that she only needed a half-glass.  “That’s lots,” she’d say after hardly a second.  Lily passed over Margaret’s entire six-plus ounce glass of white wine.  They carefully clanged the rims and took tentative sips while looking at one another.  “So?” Lily said.
“So, what?”
“Something’s up.”
Margaret was doing a horrendous job at trying to repress her grin.  Her lips quivered as if preparing to begin any one of several potential sentences.  But she said nothing.  Just before Lily could ask her again, however, Margaret finally spat out: “I didn’t just go to London to see Wimbledon.”
Lily tried to think of something else.  “Did Tom Jones play a show?”
“No!” Margaret laughed and playfully slapped Lily’s hand.  Again, Lily found her enthusiasm off-putting.  “Not that.”
“Then what?”
After another few seconds of hesitation, Margaret finally admitted to her daughter that she’d met someone else.  His name was Giles Brand and he lived in a lovely, quaint town in Kent, just south of London.  She said that she discovered him through uCupid, that she’d downloaded the app a few months back after learning that Lily and David were separating.  She said they’d spoken on the phone a few times before he offered to fly her over.  She said that it was love at first sight.
In the few minutes required for Margaret to relay all this information, Lily hardly said a word.  At most she stammered and mumbled the occasional okay in acknowledgement, but not in consent.  Margaret drank her wine but Lily’s stomach was tight.  She felt like her mother was divorcing her.  She started to cry, although she wasn’t even sure why.  It was as if her body just needed to release something, and tears were a first response.
Margaret had stopped talking.  She was giving her daughter the chance to say something of substance.   And Lily’s tears seemed contagious—Margaret’s eyes welled up and one rolled down a cheek.  She wiped it aside as if it might go unnoticed.  “You should say something,” Margaret added.
Lily noticed that her hands were shaking but she didn’t want her mother to see this.  Lily could only imagine how she looked at that moment.  Once she felt droplets streaking down both cheeks, she knew there was no point in trying to do anything about them.  She could feel the beads dangle from the lip of her jawbone.  Margaret, however, kept casting her own tears back.  She then seemed to plead: “Lily?”
“What?”
“Don’t be mad at me.”
“I’m not—” Lily stopped herself.  She didn’t even know what she was feeling.  She didn’t want to commit to saying that she wasn’t mad, however.  It was too soon to say.  And she wanted to keep that option open for later.  “I don’t know what I’m feeling right now.”
“Lily, I thought if anyone could understand, it would be you.”
Lily meant to expel a disparaging laugh, but with her nose running it came out as a snort.  “Because of—”
“Because of what happened with you and David.”
Somehow, this seemed different.  Lily knew that David would find someone else.  He was young.  He was attractive.  He was funny.  He would be fine.  But her father—what was he expected to do?  Bob could hardly cook macaroni and cheese on his own and surely didn’t know how to operate a washing machine.  Their household was one of strict pink work and blue work—and the blue work was most definitely dependent on pink work.  Compared to David, Bob was disabled.  It not only seemed cruel to leave Bob on his own, it wasn’t humane.  “This doesn’t seem real,” Lily said.
“Don’t think this isn’t surreal for me.  I don’t think I’ve ever felt this way.”
 “And what about Dad?”
“I think he knows.”
“You haven’t told him?”
“I think he knows.”
“But you haven’t told him?”
“I told him that we’d talk.”
“And why aren’t you talking with him right now?”
“I can’t do it now.  I needed to talk to someone about this first.”
“No one else knows?”
“No.” Margaret reached out for Lily’s hand, but Lily stood up, out of reach.
“So, what’s he going to do then?”
“He’ll be fine.  He’s a grown man.”
Lily most vigorously disagreed and shook her head.  “No.  No, he won’t be fine.  You know that.  He needs you.”
“He’s not a child.”
“In some ways, he is.”
“So, what then?  I have to be his caregiver for the rest of my life?”  For the first time, Margaret sounded annoyed, her words sharp.  “Is that what a… is that what a fucking marriage is supposed to be?”
Lily could most definitely count on one hand how many times her mother had used such language in her presence.  She knew it was best not to say anything for a moment.
Margaret continued: “I’m sorry, but I want to be happy.  That’s not selfish, wanting to be happy, is it?  I don’t have a lot of years left in this life, and it should be my right to spend my remaining time with someone I love.  Being happy.  I don’t want to die being a caregiver.  That’s not right.  It’s not fair.  With Giles, I’m happy.  I’m in love.  I don’t know if I’ve ever felt this way before.  If I have, it was too long ago to remember.  You should be happy for me, Lily.  You should want your mother to be happy, shouldn’t you?”
Lily sighed, entrapped by Margaret’s last question.  “Of course I want you to be happy, I just don’t know if you should be rushing into something like this at—”  Lily was going to say at your age.  She paused.
But Margaret wasn’t stupid: “—at my age?”
Lily swallowed. “Yes.”
“And what does age have to do with any of this?  What?  Is there a cut-off as to when someone can do this?  At my age, am I meant to be stuck to Bob, then?”
“It’s just... different.”
“No it’s not.  It’s not different.   You should understand, Lily.  You really should.”
Lily knew that her mother had a point, and perhaps this was what made Lily even angrier.  She didn’t have any leverage in this debate.  She could complain to no one, least of all her very own father.  But it wasn’t the same as with David—Lily was sure of that much—although she couldn’t explain just why.  And until able to delineate the difference, she would be confined into complacency.  Otherwise everyone would think of her as a hypocrite.  Until she knew what the dividing line was between her and Margaret’s actions, Lily would just have to take it.  She’d have to sip her wine and nod along.  And what if there was no difference between this and what happened with David?  What if Margaret was correct?  There was perhaps nothing more frightening to Lily than that.
“You should tell Dad tonight,” Lily said.
“Not tonight.”
“Why not?”
“I don’t want to go home tonight.  I want to stay here tonight, with you.”
“So that’s why you brought your suitcase?”
Margaret nodded, finishing the last dribbles of wine in her glass. 
“Okay,” Lily accepted this with one condition.  “But tomorrow, you tell Dad, no matter what.”
After a moment of deliberation, Margaret replied, “Fine.”
“And he can’t be left alone.”
“Of course not.” Margaret was insulted.  “I’m not cruel.  I was actually thinking that you could maybe talk to him afterwards.”
Lily asked, cautious, “About what?”
uCupidWhite


The burgeoning senior citizens market was a demographic not well served by uCupid in its basic form.  When analyzing user statistics, Xavier was struck by the precipitous drop in registrants amongst men and women above the age of 60.  Xavier could think of three possible reasons: people at this age were substantially more satisfied with their current relationships (a hypothesis that he had dismissed from the start), people in this age group were complacent with regards to their current relationships (which Xavier thought was a major contributing factor), and people at this age didn’t trust or have the patience to work with the current uCupid interface.  Only the latter could be impacted, and so Xavier decided to come up with a new version of uCupid for those of a more… distinguished age.
The original name for this app was uCupidGrey, but immediately beta testers complained about the misspelling, not realizing that Canadians do not officially use the spelling gray.  Although American users of uCupid greatly outnumbered all other nationalities combined, Xavier could not compromise by calling this new app uCupidGray.  That would give in to the ignorant masses.  The same people who wrote snide comments on forums about the misspellings of words such as ‘labour’ and ‘colour’ and ‘flavour’ and ‘neighbour’.  Now, let it be stated explicitly: Xavier Dekker was not a patriotic person.  Being Canadian merely defined his geographic location, not his personality or character.  He did not feel that such spellings were superior—but they were correct.  If he were going to stick with uCupidGrey, then there would be no end to these criticisms.  It would not be worth it.  So, uCupidWhite, it would be. 
Aside from larger fonts and buttons, there were essentially four differences between uCupidWhite and uCupid.  First of all, uCupidWhite was polite.  In Xavier Dekker’s opinion, uCupidWhite was offensively polite (Xavier distrusted people who were gregariously well mannered—surely they had something to hide, surely their thoughts bore little resemblance to the words that came from their mouths).  Every request in uCupidWhite was punctuated with a “please” and “thanks.”  Could you please type in your name?  Thanks!  Could you please hold your phone so that your profile picture may be taken?  Thanks!  Sorry, but that last picture didn’t come out quite right.  Could you please take another?  Thanks!  If you wouldn’t mind, could you please enter your age?  Thanks!  Please answer the following questions.  Thanks!   Thank you for answering today’s allotment of questions!  Please make sure to check in tomorrow for the next personalized set.  Thanks!  Xavier thought it looked ridiculous—he’d never before typed so many exclamation marks—but he realized that he was not the target audience.
The second difference was that every question included the option, “No thank you—this question is too personal.”  Although reluctant to allow any user the right to bypass anything, Xavier knew that people were uneasy about how this information might be used (as if somehow admitting to one’s preferred choice of berry might lead to her identity being stolen).  And soon Xavier discovered that his program could glean critical details about a person’s personality from the questions that they refused to answer.  Xavier even thought of including this option in an updated version of uCupid, but then figured that it would cheapen the product.
Thirdly, instead of being asked five questions daily, uCupidWhite users were asked twenty.  Senior citizens didn’t want to spend a single minute of their day on an app.  If they were going to use the program, then they wanted to occupy at least ten, if not twenty minutes doing so.  Whereas uCupid users would answer their queries while brushing their teeth or stuck in traffic, uCupidWhite users wanted to construct an event out of this.  They would make it part of their daily routine.  They wanted it to pass the time.
The final difference between uCupid and uCupidWhite was the price.  uCupidWhite cost $3.99.  It seemed that older users did not have faith in a product that only cost 99 cents—they wanted something more substantial.  As well, he also released a CD ROM version to be sold at electronics stores for those people that either didn’t have a smartphone or didn’t trust sending personal information over a wireless network.  And there turned out to be a very substantial proportion of the population that coveted a physical copy of the program.  They wanted to drive to the mall, find a parking spot, amble through the corridors, and purchase a copy from a cashier.  They wanted to install it on their computer.  They wanted to read the installation instructions.  They wanted to put the jewel case into a locked plastic container with all the other programs they’d purchased over the last twenty years.  Windows Vista.  Windows 95.  Wordperfect.   PrintShop Pro.  A program was not a program unless you could store it in the drawer of a desk.
The sales of uCupidWhite confirmed Xavier Dekker’s hypotheses about senior citizens and relationships.  They were no happier than the rest of us.  They were no more complacent.  They wanted what everyone else wanted.  And now they had the solution.
The Nineteenth Chapter


It was very evident that Nikolas Dekker liked Sandra Rojas.  The first time they met he immediately went in for a hug.  He didn’t even offer.  He just wrapped his wiry arms around and pulled her in so tight that she felt the knuckles of his ribs and smelled the musty odor of a shirt not washed in days.  As Sandra settled into David’s car after leaving Nikolas’s house less than an hour later, she accused David of being far too hard on his father.  She said that Nikolas was a nice man.  A little eccentric, yes, but kind-hearted.  David neglected to respond with much of anything aside from saying, “Just give him time.  You’ll see he’s crazy.”
But Nikolas was different around Sandra.  He wouldn’t remind her to close the door.  He wouldn’t read the newspaper in her presence.  Instead he asked her questions.  He’d show off his knowledge of Spanish words and phrases.  He’d recount facts about Colombia—such as how the Bogota rapid bus network was being hailed as a model of cheap and effective rapid transit for the rest of the world.  David not only wondered how Nikolas learned of such a thing, but why his father had felt the need to pass on this information.  Nikolas was never kind to Lily.  Nikolas never asked Lily about her career.  She was employed by a hotel, he knew that much, and henceforth cared to be enlightened about nothing more.  Tourism wasn’t a real profession.  To Nikolas Dekker, tourism was just a way of swindling money out from those too imprudent to know how to use it.
“Ah!” Nikolas enthused as he opened the door upon seeing Sandra, “Come in, come in.  Let me show you something.”  He’d already marched ahead and into the kitchen.  From around the corner he added, “Make sure you close the door, David.”
David had already closed the door and was going to inform his father of this, but Sandra placed a firm, outstretched index finger against his lips and smiled.  Without saying a word, she then followed Nikolas.
“Well?” Nikolas asked Sandra before David had caught up.  Nikolas was standing in the middle of the kitchen before the table and its orderly stack of newspapers.  His arms were out as if his home was on offer.
“I’m sorry, Nikolas,” Sandra said after a strained pause, “I am not sure what I am supposed to see?”
“Ah ha!” Nikolas winked and pointed at her in a way that was somehow both acknowledging and admonishing.  “Not see.”  He then smiled wide, revealing his many golden molars.  “Feel.”
Sandra looked back to David, “Do you know—”
“No, no!” Nikolas snapped his fingers and shook his head.  “David already knows.  You cannot ask him.”
It should be stated that David did not know what Nikolas was alluding to, but he was pleased that his father seemed to have implicit faith in him.  That, and David wouldn’t be expected to try and guess.  Nikolas was not the type to let such “guess what” games conclude with brevity.  “Sorry, Sandra.” David said with a regretful shrug and smile.  “You’re on your own.”
“Come on,” Nikolas said and then decided to give her another hint: “Think.”
David could only smile.  This reminded him of being a child, struggling to complete his mathematics homework at that same kitchen table.  On those rare occasions when his father was home, his only pedagogical technique was just that—urging David to “think,” often accompanied by the tapping of his forehead for added educational value.
Sandra looked around the kitchen for something that might have changed since her last visit.  Before she could admit defeat, Nikolas added, “Don’t look!”  And then, “Think.”
She could only shake her head.  “I’m sorry.”
Nikolas groaned, but then smiled and patted Sandra on the back.  “That’s okay.  David, tell her.”
“What?” David expected Nikolas to drag this out for several more minutes.   Sandra was getting out of this way too easily.
“Tell her.  You know.”
“I don’t know.”
Now Nikolas was disappointed.  David had once again brought shame to the once proud Dekker name by being so ignorant.  Nikolas sighed and tapped his forehead.  “Think.”
“I’ve been thinking, trust me.  But I’m not sure what exactly I’m supposed to be looking at.”
Nikolas shook his head.  “Not look, but feel.  Yes?”
David was bewildered.  He still couldn’t believe how quickly Sandra had gotten off the hook.  “I’m sorry—”
“The air!” Nikolas said as if he could hold his breath no longer.  “The air!  Feel how cool it is, yes?”  Without giving either of them the time to absorb what he was saying, Nikolas directed them up the stairs.  It was only when David heard the whirring fan from the wooden attic hatch that he remembered Nikolas’s convection plans from the winter.  David sat on the bottom step while Nikolas divulged to Sandra how the rotary fan was forcing warm air into the attic and in doing so, drawing the cool air from the basement.  He told her how he searched for months before finding the right fan.  He told her how he managed to supply power from an old light socket further down the hallway.  He told her how the system was capable of dropping the ambient temperature inside the house by at least four to five degrees centigrade.  He told her how it was a fraction of the cost (he literally gave the fraction: one-seventh) of comparable air conditioning.  And he told her that David would install a similar system when they eventually move out of her downtown rental apartment and into a real house.
She looked down the stairs to David upon hearing this.  David was reading messages on his phone.  “You’re going to do this, David?”
He nodded without looking up.  “Of course.”

Nikolas was seated at the kitchen table informing Sandra of how the original Inuit kayaks had less water resistance than modern plastic models when David wandered upstairs into Nikolas’s office, the space that was once Xavier’s bedroom.  A boxy, beige desktop computer the size of a small microwave towered beside a monitor that resembled an old television set.  Beside the keyboard was a plastic jewel case for a compact disc, closed shut and displaying that unmistakable blue and black icon.  It didn’t seem possible.  He didn’t want to touch it.  This felt like a trap.
David entered the kitchen, his very presence interrupting Nikolas’s one-way conversation.  “So,” David said while holding up the CD ROM copy of uCupidWhite.  He wasn’t sure what else there was to say.  He knew it wasn’t his right to draw attention to such a thing, but this was too far out of character for his father to go unstated.
“Yes,” Nikolas said as if he’d been asked for the affirmative.  “Xavier sent me that.”
“Xavier sent this to you?” David asked as if he’d misheard something.  He began to wonder if any of the Dekkers were adhering to their scripts.
“That is what I said.”
“When?”
“About a week ago.”
“Do you know what the program is?”
“Of course I do.  I’m not stupid, David.”
“Why did he give it to you?”
Nikolas groaned, already weary of this mundane conversation. “You should ask Xavier.”
“I haven’t spoken to him in months.  Have you two been talking?”
“He came by a few weeks ago.”
David couldn’t believe this.  “He came by?”
“That is what I said.”
“Why did he come by?”
“Because he is my son.”
“But…” David wanted to finish with ‘…he hates you.’  He struggled to think of a remotely polite substitute. 
 “Actually,” Sandra then said, “I think I saw him a couple of weeks ago.  I meant to tell you.”
David felt like they were teaming up against him.  “What?  How is everyone running into Xavier all of a sudden?  Where did you see him?”
“I do not know if it was him.  But it was on the seawall, in Coal Harbour.  I thought I recognized him and tried to ask, but he did not listen.  He kept walking away.”
David shook his head.  “He hates downtown.  He hates people.”
“It looked like the pictures I have seen.  I do not know.  Maybe it was not him?”
A slight pause in the conversation seemed to be the invitation Nikolas needed to continue his discussion with Sandra. “Now listen to me.”  He said to her as if to impart some essential life wisdom: “The word Kayak means hunter’s boat and the original kayaks would be built by the individual hunter to fit him perfectly—”
“I’m sorry,” David interrupted and Nikolas sighed.  “I have to ask one more question.”
Nikolas nodded with a grimace, begrudgingly granting him entry.
David continued: “Have you installed it?”
“Installed what?” Nikolas asked as if David might have been referring to any assortment of home improvements—like an attic-fan convection system, perhaps.
“The program.  uCupid.”
“Yes.”
David was almost afraid of asking the obvious follow-up: “Are you using it?”
Nikolas looked at his son with an expression that made it clear that his answer would conclude this conversation.  “No.  It is too hot in that room.  Maybe in the autumn.”
The Twentieth Chapter


Sandra’s neighborhood was haphazard and messy—small sets of lovingly restored, century-old wooden houses flanked between withering brick walk-up apartments, utilitarian concrete monoliths, and wrinkled stucco condominiums that oozed algae from the corners of their teal windows.  Here, there were always people on the sidewalks, and from Sandra’s open living room window on the tenth floor (of one of those concrete monoliths), there was a gentle, persistent, ambling bustle.  There were groups of ESL students, Mexicans and Koreans together, talking in broken, fifth-grade English.  There were trudging seniors who’d lived in the same rent-controlled apartment for decades.  And there were the gay men who’d settled in an area so accepting that the city painted bus shelters bright pink and crosswalks pastel rainbows.
Hardly a ten-minute walk away, the area known as Coal Harbour was for most of the twentieth century an industrial area where surprisingly little coal extraction or export ever took place.  In recent years, all traces of the utilitarian past had been demolished to form the foundation for glistening towers of December gray glass.  This wasn’t so much a neighborhood as it was a gleaming congregation of concept buildings, real estate accessories for the rich.  In the evenings, the upper floors of these pristine buildings would remain almost entirely unlit.  During the day, these streets were so quiet that they felt removed from the myriad of high-rises all around, as if the surrounding structures were mere movie sets.  At night, a person could feel like they’d broken a state-sanctioned curfew.  Only the seawall that bounded one side was busy with people, mostly joggers and tourists, passing by and pointing up to the array of waterfront patios asking, “Where is everyone?”
It bothered David.  It bothered David that he couldn’t get a hold of Xavier, no matter where he looked.  It bothered David that Xavier decided to visit Nikolas for the first time in, perhaps, ever.  It bothered David that Sandra thought she saw Xavier in Coal Harbour.  But perhaps it also made sense.  Coal Harbour was a clean and quiet human desert for the rich.  So David began taking his work on the road, every morning setting up camp at a Starbucks patio in the neighborhood (because even a ghost town has a Starbucks) while abusing their free Wi-Fi and refill policy.  He didn’t expect to see Xavier strolling past, prancing poodle-cross in tow.  He definitely didn’t expect Xavier to step foot inside the coffee shop.  David didn’t expect anything.  But it was something he could do, so he did it.
“David?”
For weeks, David sat on that Starbucks patio with his laptop and hadn’t observed any sign of his brother.  If the weather hadn’t been so persistently perfect for so long, David would have given this up long ago.  But this hardly seemed to be a sacrifice.  When Xavier called David’s name, intoned as both a question and statement, David turned his head and saw someone else—or at least what seemed to be someone else.  Xavier wore a crisp Montreal Canadiens baseball cap and iridescent sunglasses.  His face was unshaven, the curling stubble like white ash on old charcoal.  Even after a few seconds, David still required reassurance that this was his brother.  Xavier never wore hats (although he was a childhood fan of the Montreal Canadiens) and Xavier never wore sunglasses.  Was this his new and affluent incarnation?  Was a cadoodle tied to a leash just behind him and out of sight?
“Xavi—” David began before Xavier shook his head with one finger outstretched against his lips.  David looked around but saw nothing incriminating.  “What’s up?”
Xavier seemed reluctant to step any closer to the patio railing.  “What have you been doing here?”
“Nice to see you again, too, Zave.”
Xavier reacted as if pinched.  “Seriously.  Why are you here?”
David laughed.  “I’m having coffee.”
“But you’ve been here for the last week, every day.”
It took David a second to realize what this implied.  “You’ve been watching me?”
“Have you been watching me?”
“No, but I have been trying to find you.”
Xavier swallowed.  “How did you know to find me here?”
“Are you okay?”
“How did you know to look here?” Xavier sounded as if David was breaking a restraining order.
“I didn’t know anything.  I haven’t been able to get a hold of you.  I even drove by your house a month ago but no one answered the door.  Then I find out you’ve visited Dad?  And Sandra told me that she thought she saw you a few weeks back—”
“Who is Sandra?”
“My,” David wasn’t sure what was the most appropriate word.  He was still married and the term girlfriend sounded both immature and adulterous.  There had to be something better, but he couldn’t think of it.
Xavier understood and remembered.  He nodded.  “Yes.  Her.”
“So,” David held up his hands as if to plead for his innocence.  “I came here.  I thought there was a small chance I might see you.  I didn’t actually think it would work.  Now, why don’t you tell me about how you’ve been watching me all week?”
“I haven’t been watching you.”
“But you knew I’ve been here for a week.”
“I noticed you sitting there when I drove by a week ago.”
“And you just drove by without saying anything?”
“I wasn’t certain that it was you.”
“But you saw me the next day?”
“I drove by to check.”
“And you didn’t stop?”
“I wasn’t sure what you were doing.”
“So you waited a week?”
“It didn’t make sense seeing you there.  I didn’t know what you were doing.”
“Have you been driving by every day?”
Xavier didn’t answer.  This meant yes.
David asked, “Are you okay?”
“Can we not talk here?”
David couldn’t believe that he was about to ask his brother this: “Are you in trouble?”
“Let’s go back to my apartment.”
“So you do have an apartment around here?”
“Who told you that?”
David held up his hands again, “Easy there.   No one told me.  I just made a guess.”
Xavier nodded, conceding that he was overreacting.  Perhaps.  “Well, if you want to talk further, you should come with me.  Or you can stay here.  But I’m leaving.”

David didn’t press Xavier on why he insisted on driving even though his apartment was just around the corner.  When asked if he was going to be blindfolded for the journey, Xavier either didn’t get the joke or didn’t find it funny.   Xavier’s 1997 Honda Civic—the exact same car David remembered from when Xavier first started working as a video game programmer—was parked across the street and they drove less than three blocks before passing two controlled gates and winding down five spiraling floors of an underground parkade.  Before hurrying through the fluorescent-lit concrete cavern towards the elevator, Xavier made sure to secure his vehicle with The Club, a steering wheel brace that was certainly older than the automobile it was securing.  There were many things that David wanted to say at this point (“Is anyone really going to bypass two secured gates and descend to the very bottom of an underground parkade full of BMWs and Mercedes Bens luxury cars just to joy-ride in an antiquated Honda Civic?” being one such example) but David kept these to himself.  It was obvious that Xavier didn’t want to speak until home.  They took the elevator up to the twentieth floor and when the doors parted, Xavier looked both directions before leading the way.  After unlocking the door, he ushered David through and then locked it shut.
A short hallway opened to reveal a wide, shallow room bounded by a curving wall of glass that lit the entire space even though every one of the vertical cloth blinds was closed.  The décor and furnishings were modern and sparse—faux-weathered hardwood floors, quartz countertops, stainless steel fume hood, and even that soon-to-be-dated textured wallpaper.  In one corner, where occupants were surely intended to place a large sofa or sectional, Xavier had installed a wide wooden table supporting a pair of desktop computers with four monitors arranged in a pointed semicircle.
David parted a blind to look down at the narrow street below.  “This place is really nice.  You’ve done well, Zave.”
Xavier sighed.  He wasn’t going to say anything.  Then, “Can you not call me that?”
“I still can’t say your name?  What, is this place bugged?”
Xavier groaned in a way that made it clear that he thought bringing his brother here was a mistake.  “I hate it when you call me Zave.”
“Really?”
“It sounds stupid.”
“But I’ve always called you Zave.”
“And I’ve always hated it.”
“Oh.” David wasn’t sure what to say.  He didn’t quite believe Xavier, as if whatever was bothering him was making him cantankerous.  “Are you sure?”
“I’m very sure.”
“Oh.  Then I’m sorry.”  David wasn’t genuine with his apology.  He really liked the nickname.  He couldn’t guarantee that he wouldn’t use it again.  It wasn’t his fault that Xavier took issue with such harmless things.  In many ways, Xavier was a ridiculously inefficient name—only six letters and yet it required the use of up to four entire syllables.  How could he really be expected to pronounce all of that every time?  “I wish you told me earlier.”
“I’m pretty sure I’ve made it clear in the past.”
David took a deep breath and nodded as if conciliatory.  “So, what the fuck is going on?  Why are you living here?  Why are you dressed up like the Unibomber?   Why can’t we talk on the street?  And why can’t I say your fucking name?”  The inclusion of the profanities was deliberate.  It would annoy Xavier, but not enough for him to force David out.  And at that moment David wanted to annoy Xavier—enough to get him worked up, but not so much as to cause him to shut down.
Clearly, Xavier expected these questions.  He seemed pained to think of how to start, and after a protracted pause, began with: “It’s complex.”
He then said nothing more.
Actually, after some prodding Xavier said a lot more


Xavier knew that he needed to have this conversation.  When he first saw David sitting on that patio over a week ago, he thought of stopping the car and talking to him then and there.  And when David returned to that same spot, day after day, Xavier was relieved—each time that he drove past, Xavier figured that there was a probable chance that he might be able to talk to David the following day.
How does a person say that they are receiving death threats?  It seemed ludicrous to say those words—“I’ve been receiving death threats”—but that was how Xavier began, and after that David ceased making snide remarks.  He told David that there were entire online forums with thousands of festering posts from people furious at uCupid for destroying their relationships.  These people wanted Xavier Dekker’s blood and they had his address.  It was available to anyone.  He told David that he didn’t know how to tell this to Gwen and so he didn’t; not until she opened a generic birthday card with the words “YOU ARE ALL GOING TO DIE TONIGHT” written in red felt marker with bold, capital letters.  Even though Xavier found this warning flawed (how could the supposed murderer know exactly which day the letter was going to arrive, after all?), Gwen would not stay another day in their house.  Xavier told David how the letters continued to pile up in the mailbox of their abandoned Port Moody home.  He used to drive by once a week to collect the mail, but much like the rapid growth in uCupid users, there was an equally dramatic increase in the number of threats.  There was no point in going by his house to pick up the mail anymore.  He knew what was coming.
Xavier told David that it was Gwen’s idea for the family to split in two.  Xavier understood that the chances of any one person doing such a terrible thing were insignificantly small—but there were now millions of users.  Seventeen million users.  All it would take was one mentally unstable person making one very bad decision.  Until things settled down, whenever that might be, Xavier agreed that it made sense to live on his own.  It wasn’t his idea, but it made sense.  He could work without distractions or fear of harming his family.  Xavier found the Coal Harbour apartment and felt safe there.  He could look down upon the world without the world looking back upon him.  But then people started recognizing him.  Xavier told David that he felt it was only a matter of time before someone relayed this to the clamoring masses.  Someone would say they saw Xavier Dekker shopping at the Urban Fare.  That he was talking to a man on the Starbucks patio in Coal Harbour.  And then his new address would appear online.
At this point, Xavier did a lot of nodding, as if he was finished and merely uncertain how to word his conclusion.  David knew there was more.  He asked, “And how is Gwen dealing with all of this?”
It was as if Xavier needed permission to continue.  He admitted that Gwen had long ago found her uCupid match—Shawn Tillman, a welder with two children of his own from a failed marriage.  Gwen wasn’t returning his calls.  There was a period of several weeks when he didn’t talk to anyone.  He couldn’t talk to anyone.  Xavier figured that if he died—if someone broke into his apartment and shot him in his sleep—then no one would know for weeks.  Maybe months.  This was what motivated him to see Nikolas.  If Xavier Dekker was going to die soon, then he wanted someone to know that he was alive until then.
Xavier didn’t tell Nikolas about the threats.  He didn’t tell his father about Gwen or Shawn.  He told his father that he was living in a new place so that he could focus on his work.  Nikolas knew how successful uCupid had become.  Xavier said that he thought it would be a good idea for Nikolas to start using the program; clearly Nikolas and Sheila were a terrible match and perhaps all Nikolas needed was the right person to balance him out.  Nikolas showed off the house’s cooling convection system and Xavier was impressed.  After no more than twenty minutes, Xavier left. Neither promised to keep in better contact.  Xavier only offered to mail Nikolas a copy of uCupidWhite.  When Xavier returned to his apartment—on the very same day that he conversed with his father for the first time in more than a decade—Gwen was there, sitting on his sofa.  She told Xavier that their marriage wasn’t working.  She told Xavier that the problems went back far before these threats started.  She told Xavier about Shawn Tillman as if he didn’t already know.  She admitted that they’d been seeing each other for a few months.  She then said that she wanted a divorce.
Xavier appeared angry and David expressed his condolences.  He said that he understood that feeling.  And he said that maybe, in the long run, it would all be for the best.
Xavier nodded but didn’t agree.  This was not for the best, he thought but wouldn’t say.  He didn’t know if he should go further.  There was more to the story but that didn’t mean that it should be revealed.  Again, David said that he could empathize; what happened with him and Lily was almost the same thing.  This really bothered Xavier.  It wasn’t the same.  What happened between David and Lily was correct.  This was incorrect.  There was no greater chasm.  “It’s not the same,” Xavier said, both irate and nervous.  This was like tugging open a bandage too early.  He didn’t know what he would be letting loose.
“Of course everyone is different, but I think I know the feeling.”
Xavier shook his head.  “It’s not the same.”  Before David could say anything else, Xavier added, “What happened with Lily was… correct.  The match she had was correct.  But not with Gwen.  Shawn Tillman is the wrong match.  He’s completely wrong.  This shouldn’t be happening.”
“What do you mean, Lily’s match was correct and Gwen’s was wrong?”
“Because,” Xavier wasn’t sure why he began with this word and now couldn’t think of how to carry on.  This happened too often.  Some impatient and irascible part of his brain refused to wait its turn, blurting out an inappropriate term that jammed up the rest of the system.  How Xavier wished that conversing was like typing—that he could back up a word or two and take another moment to construct his sentences.  David was looking at him with a cocked eyebrow and accusing glare; Xavier was running out of time to speak his mind.  “Lily had a correct match.  The man she met is a correct match for her.  Just like the woman you were matched with is a correct match for you.  But Gwen’s match is completely wrong because I…  changed all of her responses.  Every one of her answers was altered.  Shawn Tillman is a terrible match for Gwen.  The probability of them having a meaningful and lasting relationship is effectively zero.”
“What do you mean, you changed all of her responses?”
“I adjusted her profile.  Every day I checked her responses and then changed them.”
“You can do that?”
Xavier scoffed.  “Of course I can do that.  I can do anything I want with uCupid.  It’s my program.” 
“But then why did you do it?”
Somehow Xavier didn’t expect this question.  “Because, I was insulted that she used uCupid, as if I wouldn’t know.”
“But how does changing her responses get back at her?”
“Because.”  Now annoyed, Xavier stood up and walked to the kitchen counter to pour himself some water.  “Because it would give her a terrible match and nothing would happen.”
“You don’t want a divorce?”
“Why would I want a divorce?”
“I wasn’t sure how happy you were in the marriage.”
Xavier didn’t reply.  It wasn’t that he didn’t want to relay his answer; Xavier didn’t know the answer.  He hadn’t thought about it because he didn’t want to think about it.
David asked, “But how can you be so sure it would give a terrible match?  What about the whole opposites attract thing?”
Xavier groaned.  He hated that phrase.  “Because true opposites don’t attract.  Yes, in like, thirty percent of cases, people with different but specific personality traits make effective relationship bonds.  But just certain traits.   Maybe a couple with a difference in temperament.  But not true opposites.  And definitely not everything.  That doesn’t work.”
David hesitated before replying: “But it did work, in this case.”
“No it didn’t.  She just thinks it did.”  This was what infuriated Xavier more than anything else.  It wasn’t so much that his wife was asking for a divorce in order to be with another man—it was because she was asking for a divorce to be with the wrong man.  Quite simply, Xavier knew that this shouldn’t have happened.  They shouldn’t have had any interest in meeting each other in the first place, and even then they shouldn’t have ever spoken to one another again.  Gwen should have concluded that uCupid didn’t work.  It was as if the pair was blissfully and ignorantly contradicting a basic law of physics without any repercussion.  In this case, their actions were not having equal and opposite reactions.  It was wrong in the truest, most fundamental sense.  This wasn’t about ethics or morals.  This was mathematics.
Josh Tanner, Jennifer Tilley, and Exponential Growth


To say that William Joshua Tanner was famous was an understatement.  He’d been a household name and sex symbol for fans of all ages over the last twenty years.  He headlined more than a dozen blockbuster movies as well as a growing number of independent films that showcased his supposedly grounded, humble side.  And as for those roles in films that proved to be financially lackluster, people couldn’t recall them after just a year or two.  Now in his late forties and aging with effortless grace, Josh Tanner was someone who seemed incapable of failure.  Success and perfection were part of his DNA—which would make sense, as most women (and a significant proportion of men) would say that he was a perfect male specimen of the human race.
Jennifer Tilley (real name: Isabella Tilley Cruz) would likely no longer garner extensive media attention if it weren’t for Josh Tanner.  After rising to fame as a pop singer with a handful of #1 Billboard hits, she attempted the leap into an acting career by accepting supporting roles in a number of overwrought Hollywood productions.  While some of these movies were successful, it was her role alongside Josh Tanner in a relative bomb that would usher her towards a new level of fame.   After more than a year of denying ongoing rumors that the two were in a relationship, the pair moved in together.  Annoying people would parrot portmanteaus, like Joshifer Tannley, in reference to the pair.  These same people would then obsess like divorced aunts about when this couple was finally going to wed and produce offspring so beautiful they would be worthy of marble statues.
Every rumor of a wedding was whipped into an exclusive story by the less reputable aspects of popular media.  There were almost specific locations, almost specific dates.  But nothing materialized.  There were even accounts of how Josh Tanner and Jennifer Tilley had married in secret mere months after meeting one another.  Married or not, after three years of cohabitation it was made official that Jennifer Tilley was pregnant.  And although many of these Joshifer types expressed disapproval with how the couple was switching up the preordained order of adulthood milestones, they were nevertheless overjoyed to see the first photographs of their baby girl, Zara, and then baby boy, Hermes, two years later.  By the time Zara was preparing to start Kindergarten, the discussions concerning Joshifer’s marital union had waned.  Perhaps they just weren’t going to do it?  People who at one point feared such a thing as yet another symptom of society’s decline began to accept its inevitability.  This is what people did now.  Maybe it didn’t really matter.  As long as Josh Tanner and Jennifer Tilley were happy, then nothing else should matter.  They’d nod to themselves.  Yes, everyone was growing.
So when Josh Tanner and Jennifer Tilley admitted to the media that they were separating, people felt insulted.  Disgust and disdain infested social media.  It didn’t seem possible, they thought.  Not even the most sensational media outlets hinted that they were having difficulties—and now, just like that, it was all over.  Was it because Josh Tanner could never settle down with one woman?  Was it because Jennifer Tilley wanted him to stop acting and focus on the family?  Or was it because Josh Tanner was gay?
It was because of uCupid.  It was an amicable break-up, each refusing to say who downloaded uCupid first (it was Josh), and both assuring the public that they still loved each other, that they would remain good friends, and that Zara and Hermes would now have more parents to love them.  Josh Tanner was paired with an unknown actress working off-Broadway and Jennifer Tilley was matched with the son of a Mexican mining magnate.  Both said that they had never been happier.  And against all expectations, Josh Tanner did the unthinkable: he married his new partner within months.  Jennifer Tilley announced her engagement a few weeks later.
Now, people tend to use the term “exponential growth” liberally to describe just about anything that is increasing rapidly.  Xavier Dekker found this annoying—most phenomena declared as “growing exponentially” should have been described as being linear.  This was simple high school mathematics, he figured, and thought that the vast majority of the adult population shouldn’t have difficulty understanding this (especially journalism majors who supposedly completed undergraduate degrees).  And so Xavier Dekker appreciated that just because the sales of uCupid could be modeled with an exponential function for the first year in the marketplace didn’t mean that it would continue in this manner.  In fact, an analysis of his sales statistics alluded that uCupid’s popularity was already leveling off.  For uCupid’s sales to grow in a truly exponential manner, something would need to happen to facilitate this spread.  uCupid would need yet another tipping point to propel it in a way like never before.  Xavier Dekker didn’t see this happening—and he didn’t know whom Joshifer Tannley referred to—until the news of the couple’s demise saturated all forms of the media for weeks.  If uCupid could divide the seemingly perfect union of Josh Tanner and Jennifer Tilley, then it had to be legitimate.  His 99-cent app now seemed to have everything going for it: first word of mouth, then media hype, and finally celebrity endorsement.  Sales of uCupid accelerated like never before, and much to Xavier Dekker’s amazement (and appreciation), total sales really did exhibit exponential growth.  This surpassed even the best-case scenario that he’d forecasted.
However, sitting in his apartment, wary of opening the blinds, let alone the front door, best-case scenarios and worst-case scenarios seemed to be almost interchangeable to Xavier Dekker.
The Twenty-First Chapter


Lily could never admit it to anyone, but she found her mother’s newfound perkiness exasperating.  Margaret was acting like a teenage girl in love for the first-and-surely-the-last time.  Everything reminded her of Giles.  No matter the topic of discussion, Margaret would manhandle their conversation so that it returned to her wondrous uCupid match.  Lily might refer to some asshole colleague and Margaret would comment how Giles works with a couple of “real pieces of work, he tells me.”  Lily could offer some red wine and Margaret would relay the fact that Giles also enjoys red wine—imagine that.  Tegan might be reaching for the remote control and Margaret would inform Lily of an old, delightful photograph at Giles’s flat of his son reaching for something at a beach.  And then there were the colloquialisms—Margaret used words like “flat” and “mates” and “brilliant.”  Lily wanted to tell her to stop.  You went to England for one fucking week!  But Lily couldn’t vent to anyone.  Her mother was happier than she could ever remember her being.  Margaret and Giles had only been together a short time but that seemed to send Margaret adrift for months.  Lily wondered if Margaret was acting like a fifteen-year-old girl because she’d never had the chance to act like one as a teenager, if she’d been forced to settle down too early in life and this was her renaissance.
“Oh, you’ll love him,” Margaret always said when referring to Giles.  Lily didn’t care for the implications—not only that her mother knew the exact personality traits that Lily desired, but that soon they would meet.  Lily didn’t want to shake Giles’s hand.  It wasn’t that she bore any ill will towards the man; she saw how happy he was making her mother and believed that he really was (almost) every bit as funny as described.  Lily trusted uCupid in finding her mother a stellar match.  uCupid was flawless.  But that didn’t mean she’d have to meet the man.  She didn’t like seeing pictures of him.  She definitely didn’t like it when her mother would pull out her phone without warning and videoconference with him in Lily’s living room.  “Oh, you’ll love him,” Margaret would say mere seconds before the connection established.  His pixilated face appeared on the screen, his dark eyes blinking slowly as if minutes away from sleep, and Lily agreed that he seemed like a nice person.  But she didn’t want to look at him for another second.  Yet if Lily dared to express these feelings to anyone, she knew that she would receive no sympathy.  If people offered condolences, it would be a lie.  Lily still couldn’t determine why she felt this way, how this was different than with her and David.  She didn’t want to sound selfish—but perhaps there was no avoiding the truth, that there is something inherently selfish about falling in love.  Denying this was just a way of rationalizing it.
“Yeah, he seems like a great guy,” Lily would say after talking (very briefly) with Giles.
“I told you you’d love him!”
Lily would nod without anything else to say.  “Yup.”
“Oh, just wait till he comes out here.  You’ll love him!”
Giles was due to visit Margaret in Vancouver in the coming months.  Although exact dates had yet to be booked, Lily had no doubt that it would happen.  But after that, little was certain.  Margaret wasn’t sure if Giles would move to Canada or if Margaret would move to London or if the pair would relocate somewhere else entirely.  Giles’s mother was Indian and his family owned a humble but charming property south of Kerala on the Arabian Sea.  “Bob never wanted to travel anywhere,” Margaret said as if he was the one keeping her back from living like a bohemian in a country with a billion inhabitants.
“I thought you dislike Indian food?” Lily asked, feeling the need to defend her father on this point.
“No, I just never had very much of it.  All Bob ever wanted to eat was roast beef and potatoes.  I quite liked that green curry we had for lunch a few weeks back.”
“That’s a Thai curry.  From Thailand.”
“Well,” Margaret dismissed her daughter’s comment with a wave of her hand.  “I’m open to anything.  It’s just an idea.  That’s what’s great about Giles.  He’s open to things.  Oh, just wait until you meet him.  You’ll love him!”
As tiresome as Lily found her mother’s newfound gaiety, she knew that Margaret was correct in these accusations of Bob.  Now that Margaret was leaving, he never seemed to depart from the confines of his condo.  Lily thought that he might have been depressed, and yet any time she visited he seemed content at the sofa, watching a cable channel devoted to the sport of golf.  She’d ask how he was doing and he’d say that he was “fine,” which was how he answered any and all queries concerning his wellbeing, regardless of his actual health.  His voice may be as coarse as gravel, there may be splatters of vomit on his chin, but the answer is always the same.
“Do you want me to pick up something for you tonight?”
“Your mother left some roast beef in the fridge.  I’m fine.”
“Do you want to go for a walk down to the beach?”
“Oh, you can go without me.  I’m fine.”
“I was wondering if you’d want to come by my place for dinner tonight?”
“There’s still some roast beef in the fridge.”
“Are you sure?”
“I’m fine.”
It didn’t seem possible.  He subsided entirely on leftovers and peanut butter sandwiches.  But Lily couldn’t get him to crack—and she wanted him to crack.  She wanted Bob to shed a few tears, just once, so that she could help him out.  So that she could complain about Margaret and Giles and their ridiculous plan to spend the rest of their life in India.
“Oh, I’m fine.”
So when someone knocked at her door with three firm, slow and assertive raps, Lily was shocked to find Bob standing on the top step.  “Are you okay?” she asked, assuming that something was wrong.  His reply was as expected.  She then ushered him in and asked why he’d come down to see her.  He stalled for a moment before asking her for some assistance with his phone.  He put it down on the coffee table, screen up.
Excuse me, but your uCupid match has been found.  Could you please accept?  Thank you!
Margaret had asked Lily to inform Bob about uCupidWhite.  And while Lily begrudgingly agreed to do so, she never found a way to bring it up to him.  Every time she asked her father about his wellbeing, he said he was fine and left it at that.  She still wasn’t even sure if he was unhappy about the impending divorce—as far as she could tell, he relished eating whatever he wanted; vegetables and fiber be damned.  “You’ve been using uCupid?”
“Your mother put the damn thing on my phone.  So what do I do now?”
Lily didn’t know what to say.  She wanted to tell him it was a mistake.  “I guess… you hit accept.”
“Will it charge me something?”
“No.  It doesn’t charge you anything.”
“I don’t want it to start spamming me.”
“It won’t spam you.”
“What about phishing?  Will it start to phish me?”
“What’s phishing?”
“I don’t know.  I saw something on the news about that.”
“Well, I’m sure it won’t phish you.  Whatever that is.  It will just tell you who your match is.”
“Are you sure?  I’ve been getting a lot of strange calls from numbers in Tennessee lately.  Have you been getting those too?”
“I’m sure that has nothing to do with uCupid.”
“You sure?”
“I’m sure.”
“Okay then.”  Bob accepted Lily’s assurances.  After a sigh, he then accepted his uCupid match.  A circle of gray spokes whirled atop an otherwise blank screen.
“What’s it doing?” Bob asked.
“Just wait.”
Bob waited.  The spokes stopped and in from the center of the screen zoomed the face of his match.  Her name was Gale Trutch.  Her profile picture displayed someone who, Lily thought, looked an awful lot like Margaret but with amber hair and a smile reminiscent of a five year old boy—more rectangular than crescent.  A pulsing button at the bottom begged to be tapped.  Please press here to accept.  Bob pushed his thumb into the screen with enough force to leave a luminous ripple and Gale’s photo was cast aside to show a map of the world.  As if tumbling towards the surface of the Earth, the screen zoomed in towards the Pacific coast of North America and then the city of Vancouver.  A pointed pink marker fell to indicate the location of Bob’s perfect match.
Conveniently enough, she lived on the west side of the city.  Hardly more than a few kilometers away.
“Huh, would you look at that,” Bob said with an impressed chuckle.  “Isn’t that slick.  I wouldn’t even have to cross a bridge to get there.”  More than anything else, Bob seemed pleased by the ease of commute—as if meeting up with his one-true-love would be out of the question should it require sitting in suburban bottleneck traffic for more than a few minutes.
The Twenty-Second Chapter


David figured he knew where this conversation was going.  Sitting on the living room sofa in a house that no longer felt to be in his possession, he wanted to tell Lily to get to the point.  Just pull off the bandage, he thought.  It would be as painful as it was necessary.  Tegan held on to the lip of the coffee table with two firm, outstretched arms and looked up to him with a toothy grin, expressing pride and seeking validation.  She’d done this hundreds of times in the last few months, and yet he was still proud of her.  “Good girl, Teegs,” he said and she emitted a joyous grunt in return.  She then took a few steps to the side, wrapping one hand around the padded corner of the table, and pondered her next move.  Perhaps back down to the floor.  Perhaps a few steps over to the bookcase.  She looked back to her father in a way that asked for his assistance.  It felt like it had been years since he did this, since he sat on that living room sofa and just observed his daughter.  Tegan then fell to the floor, her hands slipping from the glass corner, and David stood up from his seat as if ejected, expecting her to look up at him with dismay.  But Tegan had landed on her hands and knees.  She wasn’t the slightest bit bothered.  She shuffled to the bookcase and stood up, bobbing her knees a few times in a display of pleased self-satisfaction, and David sat back down, ashamed with how he overreacted.  Lily wasn’t concerned.  She knew that Tegan was fine from the start.  Even though he saw his daughter every week, David felt like he was missing out on her life.  He was falling behind on being a father, a delinquent kid lost in school as a consequence of skipping too many classes.  It was his own fault.
Lily had already given David the updates on her family.  How both her parents had met their uCupid matches.  For the first time in Lily’s memory, her father was leaving the house and doing things without being pressured into anything.  Lily said that she’d never seen her father so eager.  She was reluctant about her parents separating, she admitted, but now she knew that it was for the best.  Both of them were happy in ways she’d never before witnessed.  She kept using that word, happy, over and over again.  He wanted to tell her to get a thesaurus.  He wanted to tell her that happiness is fleeting.  Happiness is an opiate.  People build up tolerances and not only want more, they demand more.  It’s a right, they think.  But happiness does not beget more happiness—happiness begets dependency.  Contentment, on the other hand, seemed to be something else altogether.
“Are you okay?” Lily asked and David assured her that everything was well.  He then asked her why she’d asked.  “Oh, you just looked… miles away,” she said.
Although David knew exactly what she was talking about, he shrugged.  But he was tired of the stalling.  “So,” he said with a polite smile, his lips pulled in to make him seem regretful.  “What is it you wanted to say?”
For just a moment Lily feigned confusion.  She then nodded.  Although she’d run through this conversation in her head many times before, Lily appeared lost for words.  “I think it’s time.” 
David completed her sentence.  “For a divorce.”  
She expelled a long breath. “Yes.  For a divorce.”
David wasn’t surprised and yet he wanted a few more seconds of silence to let this sink in.  “Well, I guess it does make sense.”
“I presume that everything is good with Sandra still?”
“Everything is great,” David tried to intone a little enthusiasm but it came out flat.  He wasn’t lying, however.  Everything really was great.  “Nothing has changed there.”
“And we’ve already been apart for months, so there’s really no point in delaying this.  Besides, we’re both adults.  We can do this in a civilized manner.  It won’t get ugly, or anything.”
David looked over to Tegan, who had successfully navigated the wooden bookshelf and was now eyeing up a windowsill out of reach.  Here was the moment that her parents were discussing the terms of their divorce—their surrender, it felt—and she was oblivious, preparing to take a couple of steps and nothing more.   Absolutely nothing else.  “Do you think she’s happy when she does that?”
“What?”
“Do you think Tegan is happy right now?  Or is she just content?”
“What are you talking about?”
He shook his head and looked back to Lily.  “So, I presume you’ve discussed marriage with Scott?”
“Yes.  Yes I have.  Does that really surprise you?”
“When are you two thinking of getting married?”
“Are you really surprised by any of this?”
“I’m just asking a question.”
Lily pondered whether there was a point in answering.  She sighed. “Probably by Christmas.  Or early in the new year.”  David absorbed the information in a way that looked like he was adding it to his mental calendar, as if his next words were going to be, ‘I think I can make that.’  She then added, “You can’t tell me that this comes as a surprise to you.”
“No, it’s not a surprise.” 
“Then you’re okay with it?”
No matter how stoic David tried to remain, his expression gave away his feelings.  Then you’re okay with it?  Not only did this assume that he was in agreement, but her tone also made it clear that he would be a fool not to.  That was how Lily always expressed herself, with just the right words and intonation to make it seem that every decision had just one plausible choice.  Only fools could disagree.  And it wasn’t that he disagreed, he just wasn’t sure if he was in favor.  He wanted the time to wade in between.  He yearned to remain in limbo.  “I don’t know if I’m okay with it.”
“So, you’re going to make this difficult?”
“I just don’t know why we need to make this easy.”
“What does that mean?”
“I don’t know if this is really the right thing to do just yet.”
“So then, what do you think is the right thing to do?”
David shrugged and wished that he had a better answer for Lily’s very valid question.  But he didn’t.  Just a shrug.  “I don’t know.”
“Haven’t you discussed this with Sandra?”
“A little.”
“Well, you might want to discuss this a little more with her.  Do you really think we can remain like this for years?”
“Of course not.”
“And is there a problem between you and Sandra?”
“No,” David quickly replied and then added, “but that doesn’t mean I don’t have a problem with your idea.”
“Okay then.  What’s the problem?”
David didn’t know what to say but Lily gave him the time to think about it, as if he just needed a few more seconds before coming to his senses.  But was it really such a preposterous notion, David thought, to know that there is a problem even if one can’t be sure just where it lies?  “Maybe we just need more time.”
“Time?  That’s your answer?  We need more time to figure out what the problem is?”
“This wasn’t my fucking idea.”
“What?” Lily tried to understand exactly what he was getting at.  “What idea?”
He could almost see the two paths before him, rational and irrational, each with explicit signage.  The rational route was smooth, paved and veered ever so gently uphill before heading back down and away to the rest of the world, the rest of his life, just out of sight.  The irrational one was gravel, muddy and treacherously steep.  And it led absolutely nowhere—just a steep and precarious cliff shrouded in dense, smoky fog.  Once at the end, you either scamper all the way back down on your hands and knees, or jump off into the abyss.  There was absolutely no reason to go that way.  The choice was obvious.  And yet: “What was your idea?  Deciding to fuck around on me.  That was it.”
Lily vented a thoroughly disgusted laugh.  “Oh, it was all my idea?  You’re just the victim here, I see?  And fucking Sandra is just part of your punishment?”
“You got this whole fucking thing started.”
“You bought the app as well.  You’re not the innocent one here.”
David shook his head.  “I wouldn’t have fucking done it.   I wouldn’t have.”
“Done what?”
“Met up with my match.  I wouldn’t have.”
“Well it didn’t stop you from moving in with Sandra pretty fucking fast.”
David stood up and he could feel the adrenaline.  His hands quivered, his stomach tightened, his heart raced.  Tegan was now sitting on the floor looking at her mother and father without any expression.  She had no comprehension of what was being said and yet felt wounded by their tone.  It seemed to be just a matter of time now—a matter of seconds now—before Tegan would start crying.  And at that moment, David wanted Tegan to scream.  He wanted the living room of this deceased house to rattle with dysfunction.  He remembered listening to his mother and father holler at each other behind closed doors while he pushed patterns in the blue shag carpet of the basement.  He remembered being scared and yet intrigued.  Like approaching the edge of that cliff and looking down.  As a teenager, he remembered thinking that he would never do what his parents did.  That he wouldn’t fight in front of his children.  And yet there was Tegan Ophelia Dekker, his only child, lips furled tight before stretching wide open.  It didn’t bother him at all.  It seemed appropriate.  Let her cry.  Let her witness the conflict.  No need to shelter her from the fact that life can leave you feeling both awful and awestruck at the same time.  Lily rushed over to Tegan—as if she’d forgotten that her daughter was still in the room—and held her tight against her shoulder, shushing, saying sorry over and over.  David shrugged his shoulders again.  He was further than ever from knowing what the problem was, but now he was about to take that leap off the edge.  “Fine.  Let’s get the fucking divorce.  Just to make everything better.” 

The Twenty-Third Chapter


David waited a week before telling Sandra about the divorce.  He hadn’t said a word or sent a single text to Lily since that day.  He figured that a cooling off period was prudent.  That some background checks might be needed while awaiting approval.  But even when he informed Sandra of the news, it still didn’t feel genuine.  It was just a word.  He figured at some point there would be a lot of paper work.  He pictured meetings in drab offices where he and Lily would sit a few feet apart in padded chairs facing a carved mahogany desk.  There they would divvy up everything into exact percentages.  Admitting to Sandra that he was getting a divorce felt akin to spreading a rumor before the official press release was prepared.  But now it was done and it seemed that there was no going back.
Sandra was relieved.  She said she couldn’t imagine the strange arrangement between him and Lily lasting much longer.  She said that both their lives were stuck in a holding pattern.  She said that it was becoming impossible to explain everything to her parents in a way that they could appreciate.  Now everyone could move on and do what was best.  Especially for Tegan.  She needed something a little more stable, a little more certain, a little more scheduled.  David nodded to everything Sandra said—and he did agree with every single point.  Yet there was this nagging uncertainty that lingered.  The same feeling that led to his eruption at Lily’s house.  Like a glitch in an otherwise flawless program, something flickered so quickly it was not at all discernable but was most definitely present.
Sandra rested her head against his shoulder under a single thin sheet and ran her fingers through his short beard as if discovering the contours of his jaw for the first time.  She whispered: “I want to get married to you, David Dekker.”
Contrary to what he’d told Lily, this topic of conversation hadn’t ever come up between them, not even once.  It seemed to David to be yet another sign of just how perfect these uCupid matches were—he didn’t want to discuss getting married and she never brought it up.  How simpatico.  And at that moment, he felt lost for words, realizing that this was the worst time for a person to be tongue-tied.  It sounded silly to reply with, “I want to get married to you, too,” even though it wasn’t a lie.  He knew he could spend the rest of his life with this woman.  He believed this as much as he knew that he loved Tegan.  But just because he could, David wasn’t sure if that meant that he should.
“David?” Sandra sat up, appearing joyfully annoyed with him before biting his shoulder.  “You say nothing?”
He pulled her on top of him, relishing in the feeling of her breasts tickling and then pressing against his chest.  “Of course I want to marry you, Sandra.”  Only those first two words—of course—were untrue.  That implied absolute certainty.  “But,” he said and then realized he didn’t know exactly what to say.  This was a bad time to stall.  “But, I’m just not sure if I’m ready for the ceremonial part right now.  You know?”
Sandra pushed herself up with both arms.  She didn’t look angry, just curious and coy.  “No.  I do not know.  Tell me.”
“I want to be with you.  Of course I do.  But I’m already married and soon I’ll be divorced and I don’t know if I want to do the wedding thing again, so soon.”
She nodded.  “So, you want to… elope?  Is that the word?”
“Yeah.”  He thought she might be in agreement (simpatico!).  She knew the word, after all.  Even if he’d spent ten years in Colombia, David was doubtful he’d know the Spanish equivalent (it’s fugarse). “It’s just a ceremony, right?”
She then asked: “You do know that my family is Catholic, right?  Weddings are a…” She lingered on that pause to make him squirm, “big deal.  Grande.  You do not just elope.”
David held up his hands in defeat.  “Okay, fair enough.”
“My father would murder me.”
“I said I agree.”
Sandra leaned back down, her eyes so close he could feel the flutter of her eyelashes.  “Just a small wedding.”  She kissed his lower lip and rolled off to his side.  “Only a few people.  Close friends and family.  We could have it in Colombia.  It would be a holiday.”  Sandra rested her head on his shoulder, her breaths swaying the hairs on his chest as he stared at the plaster nebulas on the ceiling.  “There is an island on the Caribbean coast.  Providencia.  It is the most relaxing place in the whole entire world, I promise you, David.  There is no big resort.  There is no airport.  You wake up and mangos fall to your feet.  We could snorkel all morning and drink rum all afternoon.  Every place pretend to be paradise.  But this is.  I promise you, David.”  She crawled back up to meet him, eye to eye.  “What you say?”
“We’re making wedding plans right here on the spot?”
“Si.”
“Okay then.”  How could he disagree with that smile?  “Si.”
“Then it is settled.”  She grabbed one of his hands and seemed to join him in his plaster-star gazing.  “That was easy.”
“Just like that.”
“Just like that.” Sandra repeated.  She said nothing else and David closed his eyes. 
Sandra then asked: “What about Xavier?”
It took a moment for David to realize whom she was referring to; Sandra’s smooth and breathy pronunciation bore little resemblance to the syncopated and robotic Anglophone form that David was familiar with.  En español, “Xavier” sounded like a runner up for the world’s most interesting man.  “What about him?”
“Would he go to Colombia?”
David’s abrupt laugh made it so that no words were necessary in relaying his answer.
She asked, “How can you be so sure?”
“He wasn’t at my wedding here, in Vancouver.”
Sandra shook her head.  “I do not understand you Canadians and your families.”
“It’s not Canadians.  It’s just Dekkers.”
“Fine.  I do not understand you Dekkers.  What I would give for my brothers to live here.”
“My family is different.”
Silence followed David’s statement.  He assumed that she was falling asleep. He wasn’t going to say anything else.  He closed his eyes again.
“David?” Sandra asked as if to confirm that he was still awake.  “What did Xavier do?”
He tried not to sigh but he couldn’t help himself.  It was as if the pressure in his lungs needed to be vented.  Immediately he thought of the script, the story he’d told so many times.  Of Xavier’s greedy desire for his mother’s inheritance that ripped apart those tenuous threads that had once united the disparate Dekker family.
Sandra said, “Lily called him evil.  But I do not believe in evil.”
“He’s not evil.”
“So what is it he did?”
“It’s…” David began but couldn’t quite say the rest of the words.
Sandra did her best to fill in the blank: “Complex?”
“No.”  He could answer that immediately.  “It’s actually fairly simple.”  David had never told a single person the truth.  This was not an exaggeration.  Surely he’d realized this before?  How selfish could he be to not have thought about this until now—until Sandra brought it up well past his bedtime?  He sighed again but hated his reaction.  Sighing implied that Sandra was imposing.  If he didn’t say something soon she would apologize and that… that would not only be inappropriate, but profane.  Sandra was not the one culpable here.  “It’s not about what Xavier did,” David admitted.  “It’s about what I did.”
What David Did 


David was twenty-two years old when he learned that his mother had cancer.  The entirety of what he knew about the disease was from what he saw in movies or on television.  He presumed she would lose her hair.  That she would get chemo or radiation treatment—or were those the same thing?  He knew some people from school whose parents had been afflicted with cancer, but no one whom he was close to.  He knew it was devastating, of course, but it was also something that people overcame.  It was something that the scientific community was spending billions of dollars on each year in research.  It was something that people like Sheila Dekker—a healthy woman in her early fifties who never smoked and had energy, life and optimism—overcame every day.  The odds were in her favor.  Cancer was something that people fought, David knew.  Or he thought he knew.  And fighting implies a pair of contrasting outcomes.  Fighting implies that it is a matter of effort, training, and most importantly, will.
So when David first saw his mother after that phone call, he was pleased to see her doing well.  She was at home.  She had her hair.  Nothing was different.  Sheila was a fighter.  She would be fine.  And he told her that: “You’re a fighter,” thinking it would make her feel better.  She didn’t tell him many details and he didn’t ask.  He knew the cancer had started in her liver.  He didn’t yet know that it had spread, but even if he did he would assume that this meant something proximal.  That it now affected the spleen—maybe some cartilage.  But modern medicine was prepared for this.  They would get in there and take care of things.  His mother was a fighter and he told this to her again as he left her apartment.  As he trekked home, he assured himself that he would see her more often from now on.  He knew that he’d made too little of an effort to remain connected with his family.  David appreciated that his mother deserved more.  In an ironic way, this cancer could prove to be a good thing, he thought as the bus wove itself like a slinky between lanes.  Sheila would emerge victorious and the family would be back together.  Two months later she would be admitted to the hospital and never leave.
The University of British Columbia is a sprawling campus on a peninsula at the very western edge of the city.  Vancouver General Hospital is hardly ten kilometers inland.  David lived in an apartment halfway between the two.  Of all the Dekkers, he was the closest to where Sheila resided, on the fifth floor in a shared room with a spectacular view of both downtown and the North Shore Mountains, should anyone care to part the blinds.  At the time David didn’t have a car but there were several busses that he could take directly from his place to the hospital in less than fifteen minutes.  If he cared to jump on a bicycle he could be there in less.  Never once did he think to himself that he didn’t want to see his ailing mother in the hospital.  Never once did he tell himself that he was too busy to visit.  That he didn’t care enough for her.  What David Dekker did think about, however, were other things.  Just about any other thing.
As far back as David Dekker could remember, he didn’t seem to belong in his own family.  It wasn’t that they treated him like an outcast.  Not at all.  The Dekkers treated David like the Dekkers treated all people.  It was just that David felt out of place.  Like the stork had delivered him to the wrong front porch—there were a lot of repeating street names in the city, after all.  Back in school, friends might express admiration for a family member.  A proud brother in the military.  A father who would take his son fishing every weekend of the summer with deep coolers filled with beer.  Friends might share their outrage, their petulant hatred towards their family.  A mother going crazy from spending too much time at home.   A father with the one-two punch of a temper and alcohol problem.  But David couldn’t admit himself to either of these camps.  He was detached.  He was a home stay student living in one of their bedrooms on the top floor.  He’d been there so long they’d given him their last name like a shallow and meaningless honorary degree.  When David started university, he didn’t need to move away from home.  The commute from the family home in Burnaby was by no means insurmountable.  Thousands of other students committed themselves to far more taxing treks each and every day.  But he took on part-time work just to pay the rent.  When he moved into residence, he didn’t so much feel free or that he was starting anew; he felt that he was finally starting, period.  After eighteen years as a Dekker, he was now free to live as just David, whoever he might be.
If people at university asked about his family, he hid nothing.  His father was a reclusive engineer who resided alone in the family home.  His mother was an expired housewife who lived with his anti-social brother, a video game programmer.  But students rarely asked about family.  Students wanted nothing less than to be reminded of the past.  University was a place for teenagers to prove themselves as adults.  And if no one asked, David divulged nothing.  Friends assumed that his parents must have lived in another province or country.  That he was an only child.  David was three years into this new life when Sheila learned of her diagnosis.  To tell peers that his mother was afflicted with cancer seemed inappropriate.  What did they want to know about some sickly woman when they had midterms to study for cheap pitchers of beer to consume?  Who was Sheila Dekker to any of these people?  And who was Sheila Dekker to David Dekker?  A mother in name but rarely in action.  A prisoner in marriage.  David was an accident and accidents make people weary.  Accidents injure people.  The recovery exhausts their energy.  He didn’t blame her for this.  It wasn’t her fault that he was placed at her doorstep one morning in 1978.
And so, when David learned that his mother had cancer, it didn’t hit him like he assumed it would.  It was just news, albeit bad news.  But the world was full of bad news.  And when his mother was admitted to Vancouver General Hospital, this was more bad news.  And when he saw her in a bed with rails, it became really bad news.  She’d lost so much weight that not only did Sheila appear deflated, it seemed as if the bones beneath her flaccid, insipid skin had shriveled and withered away.  She was vanishing from the inside out.  He felt sorry for her.  He felt terrible for her.  There was nothing he could do for her.  And then he would leave.  And then he wouldn’t really think about her.  And then he could almost forget about her.  University was fun.  He enjoyed drinking more than he should have.  He found marijuana a fantastic accompaniment for weekday evenings and weekend afternoons.  He learned that there were a lot of funny and attractive young women out there who seemed to find him just as funny and attractive.  Where does the news of a decaying mother fit into any of this?  When he would realize that he hadn’t seen her in weeks—which became a euphemism for that fact that it had been a month—he would tell himself the same thing he told everyone else.  He said it with the confidence of an expert.  “She’s a fighter.”
Sheila Dekker knew these were the final months of her life.  The cancer was too aggressive to continue fighting.  This was no longer a battle but a pummeling.  An ant cannot battle the heel of a boot.  It was a matter of pain management.  Her doctor told her that the cancer was now something she would have to accept for these final months, something that was part of her.  Fighting would mean combat with her own self; there could be no victor in such a conflict.  It was time to come to terms with her cancer.  It was time to make amends with her cancer.  There was talk of getting her somewhere nicer, somewhere more aesthetically pleasing.  But there was also very little time.  The move to a hospice might cause her more harm than it would be worth.  In the end, Sheila Dekker died in that same room on the fifth floor, less than a year after being first diagnosed.
In her ward there were patients with steady streams of visitors, people so ubiquitous they were like hospital staff.  There were patients who never welcomed a single friend or relative in all their time, as if they were the very last of their clan and their inevitable passing would mark the end of yet another distinct society.  Sheila Dekker had one regular visitor, one person who at first came three or four times a week, and then every single day during those final months of her life.  The staff soon knew Xavier Dekker by name, even though he kept his head down the moment he was buzzed into the ward.  To many nurses he appeared embarrassed to be seen in such a place, with his sunken head and shuffled walk.  This was to fulfill his community service requirement, it seemed.  When a nurse had to enter the room for any reason at all, Xavier scuttled up from his small plastic chair and apologized under his breath before taking a few steps towards the door, ready to exit.  “Oh, stay seated, please” she’d say to him, and he’d return to his chair only to do the exact same thing the next time.  Once seated, Xavier might tell Sheila about his new job, about these NBA athletes whom he had to translate into a multitude of polygons.  He might tell her about a new program he was working on, something that could analyze a person’s spending habits in order to maximize their potential for saving money.  He might tell her about the latest episode of Star Trek Voyager.  It took him some work, but he was able to locate Doctor Who DVDs and transfer them to his laptop.  He told her about video compression technology, AVI and MP4 files, and none of it made any sense to her.  “This feels like the future,” she’d say as they watched hours of television on a portable computer.  But most of the time that Xavier spent beside Sheila at the hospital, nothing was exchanged.  In those final months of her life, Sheila slept.  She’d apologize after waking up, as if she’d only been out for a few minutes when really she’d been sleeping for more than an hour.  He’d spend this time on his laptop, a long black electrical cord always crossing the floor from his feet to the wall beside him, working on some program that he’d started the day before and would likely never finish.  Or he might just watch that episode of Doctor Who again, The Curse of Fenric, discovering inconsistencies that he’d never noticed before.  And then a nurse would enter, he would stand up, ready to flee, and she would remind him that he didn’t need to go anywhere.  She would assure him that she wasn’t bothered.  That it was nice to see him here every day with her.  She would try to make conversation with Xavier, inquire about what he was always doing on his laptop.  He’d say that it was nothing.  She’d press on while changing an IV, ask him what he was watching, and he’d admit that it was an old British science fiction show.  Something called Doctor Who.  The nurse admitted that she loved that show as a child.  She said that her favorite incarnation of the enigmatic Timelord was Patrick Troughton.  That she preferred Colin Baker over Tom Baker.  But she wouldn’t have time to talk for long.  And the next time she’d return, he would once again try to excuse himself from the room as if they’d never before met.
At first it didn’t bother Xavier that no one else visited.  He would never expect Nikolas to march in with a pair of long pink ribbons trailing helium filled balloons.  Nikolas believed that hospitals caused more sickness than they cured due to cross-contamination and poor hygiene.  He said that most doctors didn’t wash their hands properly.  And the overpaid union-backed cleaners were even worse.  Their idea of hard work was just a pantomime.  The walls and floors of a hospital were festering incubators of disease.  “I never had to go to the hospital because I never went to the hospital,” was a line he’d used more than once.  But Xavier still expected him to visit at some point.   He didn’t.  Sheila assured Xavier that it didn’t bother her.  That there would be nothing for them to say.  Nikolas was hardly the best person to offer sympathies in a time of need.  But Xavier didn’t believe her.  As Sheila’s months in that fifth floor room tallied up and the inevitable conclusion was no longer on the horizon but now in plain sight, Xavier tried phoning Nikolas.  Every call went to the answering machine.  Xavier thought of driving over to the house to talk to his father in person without censor—he dreamed of doing this like how the broken-hearted fantasize about storming back to an ex-lover’s residence.  He’d drive to Nikolas’s house and park on the street.  The blinds would be closed but the lights would be on in the kitchen.  The woman dying in a hospital only twenty minutes away had given birth to his children and he wouldn’t leave the house.  But Xavier couldn’t bring himself to get out of his car, let alone knock on the door.  He’d sit for a few minutes and then drive away.
But it was David that made Xavier irate.  It was David that dredged an acute anger that he’d never before experienced or thought possible.  David did visit in those first months.  There were even a few times when the two brothers happened to be in the room at the same time, in which case one would soon leave to get something from the café downstairs.  But as Sheila became increasingly frail and weak, David stopped coming.  While Xavier would spend every weekday evening and entire weekends with Sheila, David wouldn’t show for weeks at a time.  And when David did arrive, he seemed uneasy, as if there wasn’t time or space for the approaching death of his mother in his new adult life.  He was too busy being distracted.  This was the woman who gave birth to David.  This was the woman who had to sacrifice years of her life to raise an unexpected (and now clearly undeserving) child.  Xavier knew that Sheila had the potential to do amazing things.  And now she was going to die.  What was once uncertainty had become statistically insignificant.  David’s mother was going to die and he couldn’t be bothered to see her off.  After waking up from a long, blurry sleep, Sheila would ask if David had come by.  She thought he was there.  That he’d dropped off a gift for her.  But Xavier was at her bedside the entire time.  No one visited.  It was just a dream.  Sheila would ask if David had final exams.  It was May, Xavier would remind her.  He wasn’t even in class.  “Where is he?” she would ask as if Xavier had the answer but was reluctant to divulge.  At times her tone was as if he might be lost.  He didn’t know which building she was in.  Then it became one of contempt.  His apartment wasn’t far away.  He knew what was coming.  But in those last weeks of Sheila Dekker’s life, she began to apologize.  Told Xavier that she didn’t have the energy to deal with David when he was young.  Told Xavier that she wasn’t a good mother to David.  That she didn’t think about him enough.  That she didn’t watch over him enough.  That this was why he wasn’t visiting her.  It was her fault for being a poor mother.  She said this with lips that struggled to part.  With breaths as fragile as cigarette ash.  Xavier assured her that she was wrong, but Sheila would have none of it.  She’d shake her head and smile and tell Xavier that it was okay.  That she could accept this.  That everyone makes mistakes.  Life is its own penance, she said.  He tried to change her mind, but it was too late.  She would die convinced of this.  It was her fault.
Xavier didn’t believe in anything so absurd and superstitious as an afterlife.  Reality was simple.  When Sheila Dekker died, she died.  When her body was burned down to a few pounds of chalk fog ash, it was just carbon particulate.  Sheila Dekker no longer existed.  But Xavier understood the desire to believe in heaven.  He would have preferred there to be a heaven.  Then, from that ethereal plane she would have seen how wrong she was about David.  Then she would have realized that it was not her fault.  But she was dead.  She could not regret and she could not revise.  It was over.  And so for Xavier Dekker it did not matter what happened next.  It did not matter if David knew that he was wrong and tried to make amends.  What mattered was what David did, and that was done.
The hospital asked Xavier if he would make the calls to her next of kin, but he declined.  He didn’t want to speak to any of his family.  It was Nikolas who called David, telling him that, “your mother passed away at a quarter past seven in the evening last night.”  By the time David heard this, it was more than twenty-four hours later.  He hadn’t seen Sheila in almost a month.  He tried to call his father back, but he never picked up the phone.  He tried to call Xavier, but he could only leave messages.  He spoke with the hospital staff but they directed questions back to his father and brother.  He visited the ward on the fifth floor but another dying patient now occupied Sheila’s bed.  He asked about her passing and the nurses assured him that it was peaceful—but he saw admonishment in their eyes.  They knew he lived nearby.  They knew he had no excuses.  He went to Nikolas’s house and found his father in the front yard slicing through a latticework of shrubs with an old handsaw.  The roots were starting to compromise the concrete walkway, Nikolas said.  David asked about Xavier and Nikolas shrugged as if queried on the meaning of life.  “I don’t know,” he said in between thrusts.  David visited Xavier’s walkup apartment and knew that he was home.  He could see someone part the blinds a single inch from the window three floors up.  No one answered and he kept buzzing.  Finally a woman came down the stairs and pushed open the aluminum-trimmed glass door only enough to let her voice carry through.  She was prepared to pull it shut on a moment’s notice, as if David might try to force his way in.  She looked familiar.  She informed him that he was not welcome.  That he should be ashamed of what he did.  He asked who she was and she said her name was Gwen.  She was a nurse at the hospital.  The angle of the glass door reflected the sun into David’s eye.  He wondered if she did this on purpose.  He asked if Xavier was in and she said it didn’t matter.  He told her that he felt terrible and she said that the message would be passed on but that there was nothing else to say.  She shut the door and walked back up those carpeted steps and out of view.
Xavier called one last time and David was home.  Xavier told him that Sheila’s will was simple.  Everything was to be split equally between her two sons.  All savings and investments exactly fifty-percent each.  The allotment of her physical property could be decided between the two of them.  David didn’t know any of the details of his mother’s net worth, but even if he did, he didn’t care.  He stopped Xavier before he could go into any details.  He told Xavier that he didn’t want any of it.  He told Xavier that if it were easier, he would just donate his half to charity.  Or Xavier could do with it what he saw fit.  Whatever was easier.  Xavier agreed without debate.  “Fine,” followed by silence.  David then tried to apologize but Xavier had hung up the phone.
The Last Little Bit of the Twenty-Third Chapter


David couldn’t have known how Sandra would react.  Never before had he admitted this to anyone.  After so many years, he wasn’t even sure what was true and what was fiction.  What he did was selfish and immature, but that was more than a decade ago.  He figured the passage of time would have to mean something—but just how much, and how serious were his actions, he had no idea.  Was there a statute of limitations on being self-centered?  As he worked through his version of the story, it became clear that Sandra didn’t expect this.  She looked disgusted.  And when he was done, she was sitting by his feet, blanket wrapped around her, having long ago slunk off him as if to say that she no longer knew who he was.
She then said: “You have to apologize to him.”
“I think I already have.”
“You think you have?”
“I tried to.”
Sandra scoffed.  “You do not try to apologize.  You apologize.  You apologize until he accept it.  And then you apologize again.”
Her words were orders that could not be refuted.  He nodded.  “I’ll call him in the morning.”
She shook her head. 
He said, “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t apologize to me.”  She sighed and looked like she might need to leave the room.  Please don’t go, he thought.  He wanted nothing less than to be left alone right at that moment, even though it would be ironically just.  As if able to read his mind, Sandra leaned onto the palms of her hands and moved forward to kiss him.  He could feel the moist corners of her eyes against his.  At that moment he knew that uCupid was flawless.  She was the best thing that had ever happened to him.  She knew exactly what to do and how to do it.  If anyone could make David Dekker a better person, Sandra Rojas was it.  He grabbed onto her shoulders as if to keep from falling.  Just by kissing him, she was saving him.  He would spend the rest of his life with this woman.  He knew this as much as he could know anything.
He was wrong.
The Twenty-Fourth Chapter


Xavier asked if anyone might have followed him.  David wanted to laugh—it was wrong for Xavier Dekker to use clichéd lines from thrillers.  He clenched his teeth and shook his head.  “No, there was no one around.”  After some deliberation, Xavier let him in.  David was led to a glass and circular table being utilized as storage space for jumbles of Ethernet cords and a trio of old laptops the size of pizza boxes.  David took a seat and Xavier then did the same at the opposite side.  Xavier looked as if he was waiting to be punched.  David wasn’t saying anything.
“So,” Xavier said.  “You told me there was some news.”
“I never said that.  I said I needed to talk to you.”
“That implies news.”
David knew that Xavier had a point and decided against arguing the matter.  But if David wasn’t arguing with Xavier, he found that he had very little to say.  Antagonism flowed without effort.  Conversation came with a struggle.  “Would you mind making some tea?” David asked.
“I’ve already made myself some tea.”
“Do you have any extra?”
“I just made enough for a cup.”
“Well then, would you mind making some extra?”
Whether or not Xavier minded doing so, he walked over to the kitchen and prepared a pot.  The entire time—while filling the electric kettle, while measuring the pine needle dried leaves, while pouring the steaming water, while watching it steep—Xavier remained guarded behind the kitchen counter.  He didn’t say a word.  By the time a mug of pale amber tea was placed in front of David, it felt like he’d already spent half his morning sitting on that chair, accomplishing nothing.  David attempted a precursory sip but even just the tiniest of slurps singed his tongue.
“It’s too hot to drink right now.” Xavier said.  “You have to wait.”
“I can see that now.”
The two brothers nodded, cups of steaming tea on the table in between their hands.  David wondered if there was a way out at this point.  If he could lie to Sandra.  Tell her that he apologized, that Xavier accepted, and that was it.
Xavier began, “I thought you—”
“I came here because,” David overtook his brother’s words, “I need to talk to you about back when Mom died.”
After a short groan, Xavier seemed ready to stand up.  “I don’t want to get—”
“No, no, no.  I need to say a few things.  Things I really should have said a long time ago.”
Xavier looked like he was the one being forced to give an apology.  “I said I don’t want to talk about this.”
“But I want to.  So, can you please just… listen?”
“I thought you already did this back at my house?”
“Not properly.”  David squeezed his hands beneath the table.  He really wanted to swear, but that would nullify any chance of Xavier listening.  All he could do was grind together the bones in his left hand and leave yawning gaps in his words where he felt some variation of the word fuck was warranted.  “Why can’t you just … let me talk for a… moment?”
“I’m letting you talk.”
“No, you’re not.  You’re not letting me… talk.”
Xavier picked up his cup of tea and tried to take a sip before remembering that it hadn’t been given the sufficient time to cool.  He looked at David like he was the one responsible for scorching his tongue.  “What is it?”
David unfurled his fingers and laid them on the table.  “I feel awful for what happened with Mom.  I know I should have been there.  I know I had no excuses.   I’m sorry.”
Xavier shrugged.  “Okay then.  That’s it?” 
David drew his hands back under the table.  “What the… do you mean, that’s it?  I’m trying to apologize here.  I’m sorry.”
“And that’s it?”
“So, what?  You’re not even going to… accept my apology?  Not even give me a… chance to do so?”
After a moment to deliberate, Xavier shook his head.  “No.”
“No?  What?”
“No, I don’t have to accept your apology.”
“You’re not even going to give me a… chance?”
“I’m giving you your chance.”
“No, you’re not.  If there’s one thing you’re not doing, it’s giving me a… fucking chance to explain myself.”  David knew it was a mistake letting that profanity loose.  But he had to admit that it felt great.  Like punching something when it’s not functioning—of course it’s not going to help, but that doesn’t stop anyone.  “I’m sorry for swearing there.  But, I just don’t feel like you’re listening.”
“What else is there to listen to?  What is there to explain?   You say you’re sorry.  Fine.  You can leave now that you’ve gotten that off your chest.  But that doesn’t mean I have to accept it.”
“You’re being totally… unreasonable.”
Xavier stood as if ready to depart.  Only he didn’t know where to go.  This was his apartment.  “I don’t think there is anything else to say.”
“So, what you’re… telling me is that no matter what I say, you’re not going to accept my apology?”
“Exactly.”
“You’re just going to be a fucking martyr about it.”
Xavier’s jaw clenched and he winced in thought.   He seemed to get tangled in David’s choice of words.  Perhaps martyr.  He carefully composed his reply before saying anything.  “I will accept your apology the moment our mother is able to accept your apology.  Only then.”
“What the fuck does that mean?”
“I believe you are intelligent enough to understand what I mean.  Anyhow, I think you should leave now.”
David thought that perhaps it really was best to leave right there and never see Xavier again.  There was nothing to salvage because there was nothing in the first place.  He had lived a third of his life without any contact from his brother, and he was fond of that third.  He did just fine for thirteen years.  David wanted to leave.  It just made sense.  But he refused to grant Xavier the satisfaction of witnessing his orders obeyed.  Fuck that, David thought.  If this was going to be the last time that David Dekker ever spoke to his brother, it wouldn’t end with subservience.  “Do you really think that this is what she would want you to do?  Do you really think that when Mom died she wanted you to carry this grudge for the rest of your life?”
“She wanted you there.”  The words tumbled out from Xavier’s tight lips and he waited to compose himself.  Xavier seemed ashamed of how he was reacting.  His eyes were red and moist and it was the closest that David had ever seen his brother come to crying.  It frightened David.  He wasn’t even sure if Xavier was capable of such things.  “She was your mother and she wanted you there and you didn’t come.”
“That’s what I’m—” 
“I’m not finished,” Xavier nearly yelled and David stopped.  “You didn’t want to deal with her.  You didn’t want to deal with death.  And fine.  You were young.   Fine.  You were stupid.  But at the end she blamed herself.  At the end, when our mother died, she said it was her fault that you never came.  That was how she died.  Thinking that.  Did you know that?”
David did not know that.  He said nothing, unsure if the question demanded a response.
Xavier continued.  “It didn’t matter that our father wasn’t there.  They were never in love.  They should have never been together in the first place.  But you were her son and you left her with the belief that she was to blame.”  He wiped away a tear with the back of his wrist and carried his already full cup of tea to the kitchen counter to fill it up.  To do something.  He stayed there, looking towards the wall of windows draped in sepia blinds like tall strips of paper.
Unexpectedly, David felt humbled by Xavier.  Unexpectedly, David felt subservient.  “I’m sorry, Xavier.”
Xavier retrieved something out of the sink.  A teaspoon was in need of washing and then drying at that moment.
“I don’t know what else I can say, besides that; I’m really sorry.”
Xavier opened the fridge and removed a plastic jug of water.  He then filled up a glass and put the jug back into the fridge.  He took a sip of water and another sip of tea.
“I’m a father now, Xavier.”
“I am aware of that.”
“Tegan’s just over a year old now.  And it’s funny.  I love her in such a…”  David needed a second to find the most appropriate word.  This was not a blank to be filled with vulgarities.  “I love her in such an uncomplicated way.  It’s so simple that it’s a relief from everything else.  I couldn’t imagine Tegan doing to me what I did to Mom.  I honestly can’t imagine it.  That knowledge, I think that makes a difference.  It’s not an excuse, but I still think it makes a difference.  Don’t you think?”
Xavier took another sip of water and then poured out the remnants of the kettle.
“Zave—” David winced as if pinched.  “Xavier?”
“I assumed that question was rhetorical.”
David chuckled under his breath.   It was a relief to have even the smallest reason to laugh.   “No, it wasn’t rhetorical.”
“What was the question again?”
“Don’t you think it makes a difference that I’m a father now?”
Xavier had to think about this.  “I don’t know.”
“Well, that’s better than no.”
“It’s not a yes.”
“And it’s not a no.”
Xavier asked: “Why did you have to talk to me about this today?”
David didn’t expect the sudden change in topic.  He needed a moment.  “It’s been on my mind for some time.”
Xavier shook his head.  “But why today?  There has to be a reason that you decided to call and talk to me about this today.  One doesn’t just do something like this out of nowhere for no reason.”
“Because,” David couldn’t think of an excuse.  This was no place for flimsy deceit.  “Because I told Sandra about Mom’s death and she was disgusted with me.  She demanded that I apologize to you as soon as possible.”
“Sandra?”
“My uCupid match.”
“Oh yes,” Xavier said.  “Well, it makes sense that uCupid would match you with someone like that.”  Xavier nodded as if confirming the accuracy of a set of calculations.  “Someone who makes you do the right things.”
“And we’re talking about getting married.  She insists that you should come to the wedding.  That you should be part of the party.  You know how Latin people are about families, and all.”
Turning his head towards David, Xavier looked surprised.  “You’re getting married to her?”
“We’re talking about getting married.  Lily is looking at having a Christmas wedding with her new guy.  Things are happening and all thanks to you, Xavier.”  Not even David was sure if the tone of those last words was sarcastic.
“So, you and Lily are…”  Xavier left the sentence dangling for David to complete.
“Getting a divorce, yeah.  I don’t see a point in fighting it.”
Xavier nodded.  It all made perfect sense.  But then: “Were you thinking of fighting it?”
“I don’t know.  Maybe?  It’s not like I hate her or anything.  But we’ve been apart for months now.  It makes sense.” David couldn’t help but add, “I guess.”
His lips tight and eyes firmly locked on the kitchen countertop, Xavier continued to nod.  His ire and impatience of only a couple of minutes ago now seemed to be in the distant past.  David couldn’t tell if something was bothering him or if he wasn’t listening.  It was almost impossible to tell the difference.  Xavier then asked, “When are you and…” Xavier paused, unable to remember the name.
“Sandra.”
“Yes.  When are you two planning on getting married?”
“I said we don’t have a date or anything.  But whenever it is, she wants you there.”  David mustered a tight smile. “I want you there.   Although, we were thinking of having it in Colombia—”
“Colombia?”  Xavier’s voice cracked. “Why would you go there?”
“Because she’s Colombian.”
“Well, I can assure you, I’m not going to go to Colombia.  That’s outlandish.”
“I figured that out from the tone of your voice.”
“Are you aware of how dangerous Colombia is?”
“I assume we’d be having the wedding in a safe place.”
Xavier shook his head with the vigor of someone with veto power.  “I don’t see why anyone would choose to go somewhere like that.  You couldn’t make me go there.”
“It’s not like Iraq.”
“It’s not too far off.”
“So, I guess that answers Sandra’s question.”
“What was Sandra’s question?”
“If you would go to Colombia.”
“No.”
David smiled.  “I’ve gathered that.”
“Good.”  Appearing relieved, Xavier seemed to be finished.  He attempted another sip from his tea (which had finally reached a palatable temperature) but remained in the kitchen.  Still seated at the table before a pile of seemingly discarded laptops, David wasn’t sure if he was finished here.   He wasn’t even sure how close Xavier came to accepting his apology.  Xavier leaned back against the counter to face his brother.  “But you’re getting that divorce?”
“Like I said, I think so.”
“What about… your daughter?”
“Tegan?  Well, Lily and I will have to come up with some sort of custody plan—are you okay, Xavier?”
Xavier didn’t nod.  Xavier didn’t shake his head.  Xavier stared at the table in front of David.
“Xavier?”
“I should probably get back to work now.”
“Are you okay?”
Xavier asked, “Shouldn’t you be working right now?”
“It’s my lunch.  I’m three hours ahead.  Xavier, what’s up?”
“Nothing.  I’m just,” Xavier’s feeble explanation just hung there.  “You should go now.  I need to get back to work.”
David stood up.  “Okay.  I’m glad we had this talk.”
Xavier walked to the far side of the room, back to his cockpit of computer monitors.  He rattled the mouse to awaken one of the screens and started typing.  He didn’t look back.  He was alone in his apartment.
“I’ll let myself out,” David said while directing a long and erect middle finger towards his brother.  He then turned and left.
The Twenty-Fifth Chapter


The screen displayed no colorful graphics, only stout white characters with visible pixels on a matte black background.  A narrow column of names, dozens of them, framed the left side of the screen, adjacent to a dense table of numbers and alphanumeric codes.  Xavier rolled his right index finger along the top of the mouse and the array of names and digits blurred past, a landscape whisking below.  But there was one constant: David Dekker’s name was capitalized and in bold at the top right corner.  Xavier grabbed the phone and sighed as if being forced against his will.  This was going to be a huge mistake.  He then called his brother and asked if he would have the time to come by his apartment.  There was something Xavier wanted to show him.  More details couldn’t be given over the phone.
With the door open only a few inches, David assured that he hadn’t been followed before Xavier had a chance to ask.  Xavier assured David that this was not something to take lightly, and David assured Xavier that he wasn’t taking anything lightly.  “Are you going to let me in?” David asked and Xavier realized that his tone was warranted.  David had just been invited over.  Xavier removed his foot from the base of the door.  David entered and seemed to await an explanation.  “So, what’s up?  Is everything okay?”
Xavier locked the door and walked down the hallway towards the bright living space.  “Here, follow me,” he mumbled under his breath as if clearing his throat.  Xavier led David to his workstation and the wall of computer monitors that surrounded his rolling chair, in which Xavier took a seat before rearranging a jumble of open windows as if looking for a piece of paper within a disorganized pile.  When he found what he wanted, he dragged the program onto a monitor to his right and maximized the window.  He then sat back and motioned towards the screen, which from where David was standing contained just a list.  He assumed it was some sort of programming or debugging code.  He didn’t bother trying to read it.   “So, what’s that?” he asked before noticing his own name at the very top.  This wasn’t any type of programming language.  There were names—women’s names—followed by a series of digits in rows.  He didn’t recognize any of these people and asked again: “Xavier, what is this?”
Xavier exhaled a long and deliberate breath through his nostrils.  “You can’t tell anyone what I’m going to tell you.”  He sounded as if he was giving a threat.
“What are you talking about?  You are the one who asked me to come here.”
“You have to promise you won’t tell anyone.”
“I don’t even know what I’m looking at.  Who are those people?”
“Promise.”
“Xavier, what am I doing here?  You called me, remember?”
Not saying a word, Xavier showed David the length of this list.  He spent the next minute scrolling down so quickly that the names rushed past without any chance of being read.  When it came to an end, Xavier answered: “These are your uCupid matches.”
“What do you mean?”
“These are all your uCupid matches.”  Another name then appeared at the bottom, nudging the entire list up.  Yolanda Adams.  “And that’s the newest one.”
David leaned in closer.  “I’m sorry, but I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Unsure how he could be any clearer, Xavier shrugged and resorted to repeating himself.  “These are all of your uCupid matches.”
“But Sandra was my uCupid match.”
“Sandra was one of your uCupid matches.”  Xavier corrected while scrolling back up the list.  “I saw her somewhere here.”  The names raced past at such a speed that it seemed impossible to read but then Xavier stopped.  “There she is.”  He pointed with the arrowhead of the mouse icon.  “Sandra Martinez.”
“That’s not her.”
“It’s not?” Xavier asked as if David might not be sure while scrolling down more.  “Here, Sandra Galvez.”
“It’s Sandra Rojas.”
“Oh.  I remember seeing that, I think.”  After another minute of furious searching, Xavier found it.  “There she is.  Sandra Rojas.”
Sandwiched between Elaine Siemens and Priya Dhaliwal was Sandra Rojas.  David pointed to the screen.  “What are all those numbers beside her name?”
“Amongst other things, her phone’s GPS coordinates.”
David stood back and slowly shook his head. “I’m sorry, Xavier, but you have to be more clear.  What is all of this?”
“I believe I’m being as clear as I possibly can.  These are all your uCupid matches.”
“These are back-ups?”
“No.  These are other ideal matches.”
“But it looks like there are thousands?”
After a brief flurry of flicks with his index finger, Xavier returned to the bottom of the list.  Yolande Adams was second from the bottom.  Samantha Yu now took her place.  “Three thousand, five hundred and fifty-two… fifty-three, now, thanks to Carolyn Park.”
“So,” David took a pair of steps back, wanting a place to sit.  “I have thousands of potential matches?”
“Don’t feel so special.  Most everyone has at least a few thousand matches.”
“Everyone?”
“Everyone.”
“So, you’re telling me that these matches aren’t really as perfect as you claim?”
Xavier scoffed.  “No.  uCupid works.  Each one of these names is equally appropriate.  The differences between them are statistically insignificant.”
“Then why didn’t the app tell me about any other people?  Why did it only tell me about Sandra Rojas?”
“Because I programmed it to only pick one.”
“At random?”
“Not entirely.  No offence, but I don’t think you have the means to visit some of these people.” Xavier pointed towards Carolyn Park.  “She’s in east Asia somewhere.  I’d guess South Korea from the name.  It wouldn’t do much good for you to be matched up with her.  You two would have never met.  But some people want that.  Some people have the time, the money, and the desire to discover that their mate is on the other side of the world.  Some people wouldn’t trust uCupid if it told them that their match lived down the street.  Based on a person’s profile, uCupid can determine what geographic location or locations would be most appropriate.” Xavier shrugged.  “After that, it’s random.”
Another name budged its way onto the bottom of the list.  Stephanie Poulin.   “Where’s she?” David asked.  “Can you tell?”
“Somewhere in Europe.”
“And she’s just as good a match as Sandra is?”
Xavier repressed a small chuckle.  “She’s just as good a match as Sandra Rojas, or Sandra Martinez, or Sandra Galvez, or any other Sandra on the list.”
“How can you be so sure?”
“Because,” Xavier shook his head, surprised by David’s question as the answer was entirely obvious, “uCupid is flawless.”
“99.97% flawless.”
“I just made up that number.  It’s flawless.”
David stared at the list, seeming to take the time to read every visible name.  He then walked back and took a seat at one of the stools that framed one side of the kitchen counter.  He looked towards that glass dining table and its assortment of old laptops.  “How many people know about this?”
“About what?”
“About,” David snickered, assuming his question was obvious.  “About uCupid finding thousands of matches, not just one.”
“No one.”
“Not a single person?”
“Besides you and I, no.”
“No one else has access to this information?”
“Not unless they hacked into the system, but my servers have exemplary security.”
“Why can’t people know this?  Why did you make me promise not to tell anyone?”
Xavier was disappointed.  Although he never thought of his brother as an exceptionally bright individual, he figured that David was in possession of sufficient intelligence as to not ask stupid questions.  “Because…” He struggled to think of a way to make it more obvious.  “Because uCupid is a product.  People purchase products because they want something.  And people don’t want thousands of matches.  People want one match and one match only.  That’s what makes uCupid sell.”
“But everyone has thousands of matches?”
“Some people have tens of thousands of matches.”  Xavier turned around on his chair to type something.  “I call these people oatmeal.”
“Oatmeal?”
“Because they are simple and boring.  Only simple and boring people can be so easily matched up with someone else.  Here,” Xavier directed David to something on the screen, a new list of names and coordinates, beckoning him back over.  “This is one of the best examples of an oatmeal that I’ve found.  His name is Stan Richardson.  He has fifteen thousand, three hundred and twenty four… five… seven…” New names appeared every few seconds, often two if not three at a time.  “And with the current rate of growth in uCupid users, it’s feasible that someone like Stan Richardson here will have more than a hundred thousand matches in a year or so.”
“Can you type the name of anyone in there and find his or her matches?”
“Of course.”
David didn’t have to think about what he wanted to say but he took a few breaths first and seemed to hesitate.  “Type Lily.  Lily Dekker.”
Xavier was surprised by this and wavered with his fingertips resting atop the keyboard.  “You can’t tell her—”
“I promise I won’t tell her, or anyone for that matter, anything about this.”
“Okay.”  Xavier typed so quickly it sounded like a pack of Chiclets hitting the floor. Lily Dekker’s name now appeared at the top beside a flashing block cursor.  Xavier hit enter.  “There are eight Lily Dekkers using uCupid.”
“Eight?”
“In the last couple of months there has been a large uptake of users in The Netherlands,” Xavier couldn’t conceal his pride about this fact.  “But of the eight, only two have completed the profile and… that one… must be her, judging from her GPS coordinates.”  A couple pecks at the cursor keys and hardly a second of processing time was all that was required for Lily Dekker’s list of matches to fill the screen.  David knelt down to get a closer look and motioned to take the mouse.  Xavier could hear his steady and controlled breaths.
“What exactly are you hoping to discern?” asked Xavier as David scrolled down the list.
“Do you think my name is in there?”
“Surely not.  I would find it highly doubtful, to say the least, that you would just happen to find a perfect match on your own.”
“How many matches does she have?”
Xavier took control of the mouse.  “Three thousand, eight hundred and ninety one.”
David exhaled an abbreviated laugh.  “So,” he paced back to the stool and climbed atop.  Xavier waited for what he presumed was going to be a question, but David seemed stuck.  And Xavier enjoyed witnessing his nonchalant little brother lost for words.  “So,” David started again, “why are you telling me this?”
Xavier looked David straight in the eyes and gave him the best answer he could.  “I don’t know.”
“You don’t know?”
“I don’t know.”
“Is it because of the… talk we had a couple of days ago?”
“I said, I don’t know.”
“So, that’s it?  For no reason?”
“I never said there was no reason.  I just said I don’t know.”
“Well,” David held up his hands, “Thanks, for telling me.  I guess.  Maybe.”  He pushed himself up and off the stool and returned to the computer.  “Could you show me my list of names again?  Or could you print them off?”
“Why’s that?” Xavier looked down to the printer on the floor beneath the desk.  “I don’t even know if I have enough paper.”  There were few things that Xavier loathed more than purchasing paper.  It felt as antiquated as mailing a letter.
David sighed.  “Then, could you email me the list?”
“I could.  But if you really wanted, I could just have them sent to your uCupid account.”
“What do you mean?”
“If you really do want to see them all, I could have uCupid alert you to all of them.”
“You can do that?”
“You seem to forget that I made the program and can do anything I want.”
David pulled out his phone.  “You can send them all to this?  Will I need to update the app, or something?”
“No.  The program on your phone doesn’t really do anything.  It just acts as a portal to my server.  That’s where everything is.”  Xavier then pointed to the monitors around him.  “Right here.”
“Is it difficult?”
Xavier spun back to the keyboard, typed in David’s name, pounded the Enter key several times and then clicked the mouse.  He looked back to his brother and tried not to appear smug.  “Done.”
The Twenty-Sixth Chapter


David Dekker’s phone wouldn’t shut up.  It started within seconds of Xavier making the change, that old familiar chirp that used to announce his daily allotment of moronic questions.  Your uCupid match has been found.  Please accept.  While standing mere feet away from Xavier, David was introduced to the first name.  Tara Cavalera.  The map of the world then zoomed in to Western Europe and a pink teardrop stabbed into a town in Portugal.  Tara was olive skinned with dark hair in braids or maybe dreads.  He looked to Xavier for advice.  Xavier told him to accept (there was no other option) and David pressed the button.  The phone chirped again.  Your uCupid match has been found.  Please accept.  This time the woman’s name was Sara Schneider.  She lived in a suburb of Seattle.  Xavier told him to expect many of the matches to be nearby; uCupid initially spread through word-of-mouth and the vast majority of its original users lived in the Pacific Northwest.  He accepted and the next match was announced without pause, and then another, and another, each one worded as if the match was the definite article.
His patio table overlooked the blemished metal tankers and spotless ivory cruise ships moored in Burrard Inlet.  Wavering floatplanes that sounded like huge lawnmowers whirled around in the sky before splashing down and puttering to their docks.  His waitress dropped off another pint and afterwards he assured her that he was not interested in any food.  She left the menu there, just in case he might change his mind.  A family of four on vacation occupied the table in front of his.  The kids were on their phones while the mother and father looked at the free map unfolded between them.  They were trying to figure out the best route to the steam clock.  David wanted to tell them that they should just use their kid’s phones instead of that crappy map.  And not to bother with the steam clock.  Imagine a really big kettle that tells time.  But David felt secure around all of these tourists.  Here he was anonymous and hidden.  Here, no one could find him.
He had been away long enough for Sandra to send three text messages.  She first asked where he was, then what he was doing, and finally if he was okay.  Just a few minutes earlier she had called but neglected to leave a voicemail message.  David was sure of very little at that moment and didn’t want to talk to anyone.  He had turned off his ringer but still the table hummed and rattled several times a minute.  The latest match was alerting him to a woman in Los Angeles named Bianca Lopez.  It seemed that David was quite popular in the Latin American community.  Before Sandra, he’d never dated a Hispanic woman and now it seemed that every third match had a Spanish name.  Every time he accepted a match, without pause he was informed of the next.  If he didn’t accept, uCupid would ‘remind’ him every few minutes that his perfect match had been found.  The only way to stop this, Xavier said, would be to uninstall the application.  Otherwise, this would carry on indefinitely.  David accepted.
Several of his matches pin-pointed women who lived in downtown Vancouver, none of which would be more than a twenty minute walk from where he sat.  One of the matches even seemed to indicate someone who was currently in the convention center, directly above him.  Her name was Maggie Ryan.  She bucked his Latin trend with wavy red hair and a fair and freckled complexion.  Her jubilant smile reminded him of a girl that he had had a crush on in university.  “You could be my wife,” he muttered to himself while accepting and subsequently being informed of an Australian woman with a nervous, tight-lipped grin. “You’re the one.”
When Sandra sent her fourth text message, David was finishing his fourth pint.  She hoped that everything was fine with Xavier, said that she was going to work and wouldn’t be home until late.  She asked him to text whenever he could.  He thought that now was the time to finally reply.  He didn’t want her to worry.  But he didn’t know what to say.  He didn’t know why Xavier’s admission was affecting him so much.  It wasn’t that Sandra Rojas was a false match.  There were just several thousand other correct matches.  He started typing, ‘Don’t worry, I’m fine’ but then erased these words before hitting send.  The vertical cursor faded in and out, expecting input.  Anything.  But if he were going to tell Sandra something, it would not be a lie.  David Dekker didn’t know what he was feeling, but he knew he wasn’t fine.  And it wasn’t a matter of vocabulary.  This was not something that could be parlayed in poetry or fanciful (if not pretentious) prose.
Not only was David pestered to accept his new uCupid matches, now he received messages from the women he’d already accepted in these last few hours.  You have a new message from Tara.  You have a new message from Jasdeep.  You have a new message from Jessie.  You have a new message from Laura.  You have a new message from Maria.  Which Maria?  David thought.  He’d been introduced to at least four.  He read the first few messages, all of which apologized and relayed great confusion.  I’m sorry, but I think there is a mistake.  I’ve already found my match!  I think there must be a glitch with uCupid.  I married my match last month.  Not sure what happened there.  uCupid gave me a match last year.  Sorry!  Soon these personalized messages were coming in as quickly as his new uCupid matches and his phone rattled steadily from one tantrum to another.  Upon returning from the washroom, David was surprised by how drunk he felt, as if those four pints snuck up on him from behind.  He paid his bill and decided that it was time to uninstall uCupid.  
You have a new message from Maggie.
She started with an apology, telling him that there must be a problem since her uCupid match had been found a month ago.  He typed his reply as he left the pub, prepared to return home now that Sandra was at work.  He told Maggie that perhaps uCupid was encouraging polygamy.  Monogamy was so 2010, he typed.  He wished her a nice day and a happy life.  As he sent the message he heard his name being called and a woman with bouncing waves of auburn hair stood staring at him a few meters away on the seawall.  It was her, Maggie Ryan, dressed in a smart black suit and tight slacks that formed her thighs into narrow cylinders.  A plastic identification badge hung from a green lanyard around her neck.  Her phone was still in her hand.  “David Dekker?” she said, just to be sure.
“That’s me.  What are the chances?” He said with a coy grin, hoping that the degree of his inebriation wasn’t obvious.  It was hardly past five in the evening.
“Were you at the conference?”
“No, I was at the pub.”
“Oh.”  She looked at all the other passing people as if for reassurance.  If this drunkard tried anything there would be no shortage of witnesses.  She held up her phone.  “I’m not sure what happened here.  I’ve already found my match.”  She grimaced apologetically.
“Yeah.”  David nodded and shrugged with indifference.  There were thousands of other fish in the sea.  “Where does he live?”
“Uhm,” Maggie laughed, unsure if she should be so honest.  “He lives here.  Well, out in Burnaby, actually—”
“Hey!” David interrupted.  “I grew up in Burnaby.”
“Oh really?” Maggie smiled.  He was a child divulging mundane details to a stranger.  “Well, that’s interesting.”
“Where are you from?”
 “I’m from San Francisco.  I came here for a conference,” she held up her identification badge.  “Well, and to meet my match.”
David leaned back on the seawall railing for support.  “You know, that’s exactly what my wife did when she met her uCupid match.  She went down for a conference and stayed for the man.  They’re getting married soon.”
Maggie didn’t know how to react to this.  She clearly regretted making contact with this stranger.  “Well that’s,” she shrugged her shoulders and stepped back.  She was very busy and needed to get going to Burnaby ASAP, “That’s serendipitous, I guess.  Anyhow, I should go.  Sorry for the confusion.”
“Don’t worry about it,” David batted his hand in the air as if he’d just lent her a quarter.  “And if things don’t work out with that Burnaby man of yours, then we could always get married.”
She hesitated before accepting his statement as a joke and shoving out a shallow laugh. “Oh.  Yes.”
“Seriously.  You and me, we’re perfect for each other.”
“Okay then.  I’m going to get going.”  She walked away at a brisk pace, making sure to wedge herself in between other groups of pedestrians.  Safety in numbers.  David waved goodbye and turned to face the inlet, gripping the black metal railing with both hands.  The ocean below lapped against the concrete pillars and rusted, corrugated metal.   The water was the color of an old, dusty green chalkboard.  He thought about the last thing he said to Maggie Ryan.  It wasn’t a joke and yet he chuckled at the thought of it.  They would have been perfect together.  Her and the other three-thousand-plus.  They were all perfect for David Dekker.  They would all make him equally and entirely joyous.  This was an absolute truth.  And for what felt like the tenth time in the last twenty seconds, his phone squirmed in his pocket to tell him something.  In one swift motion, he pulled it out and hurled it over the edge.  A tourist gasped in horror.  The phone disappeared into the water with only the tiniest, frothy ripple, but no accompanying sound that he could hear.
That’s one way to shut up uCupid, was his first and fleetingly triumphant thought.  That was stupid, was his second and overwhelmingly sobering one.

*  *  *






The
Lesser
Half
The Twenty-Seventh Chapter


David Dekker was bored.  He looked above his laptop to the window at the drizzle weighing down the sodden, sunflower-yellow leaves of the trees across the street.  It was early enough in autumn for him to appreciate the subtle beauty of this weather.  By the end of the hazy, sunny summer months, the city had shriveled and withered.  Yards were parched and brown aside from the scattered bouquets of hardy, long-necked dandelions.  But now those dense, somber clouds had returned.  The mist was an ointment that soothed the thirsting earth and bleached branches.  David knew he would soon grow weary from this weather.  The looming pewter ceiling would induce claustrophobia and he’d yearn for the summer—so bright and dry it seemed impossible.  But right at that moment, David Dekker found it far more interesting to stare out the window then to attend to his computer’s display.  He then looked over to his father and decided to express his thoughts: “I’m bored.”
Nikolas didn’t even look at him.  He sat at the kitchen table with his newspaper tidily unfolded in front.  After coming to the apparently satisfying conclusion of an article, he muttered “huh” so quickly it might have been a truncated laugh.  He then flipped the page and patted it down with both hands to ensure that the edges remained aligned with those below as well as the lip of the wooden table.  Watching Nikolas read the newspaper, David found the silence oppressive.  Nikolas never listened to music.  His only operational television set was unplugged and in the basement.  When David closed his eyes and listened, he’d hear nothing but the refrigerator’s hum and his father’s slow, deliberate breaths.  This monotony was only broken with very occasional grunts of approval, a dry cough, or the crinkling of flimsy newsprint.  And somehow when David opened his eyes and looked at the time, less than a minute had passed.  There was a bulging knot in the hyper-dimensional fabric of the universe, precisely located within the confines of Nikolas’s house—David became certain of this—which caused time to progress at a reduced rate.  This was a glitch in the space-time-continuum; physicists needed to conduct studies and experiments here, as never before had his hours of work felt so infinite.  He assured himself that he was only going to live here for a month, maybe two, but he also feared that in Nikolas Time a month could take years.  He might leave the house expecting it to be November only to find his friends aged and dying.  They’d look at him in awe, wondering where he’d been for all this time and how he still looked so young, as if he had been travelling the galaxy near the speed of light.  He’d get lost in these absurd thoughts and then look at the clock.  Only a minute had passed.
Although moving out of her apartment was perhaps the most awful decision of his life, David knew that he could not go back to Sandra.  He had ruined her.  Just thinking about this, months later, made him sick.  That pestering serpent of guilt would return.  At first she demanded that he tell her what was wrong.  Soon she begged.  But he couldn’t tell her—not because of anything that he’d promised Xavier, but because David still hadn’t figured out why living with her had become untenable.  He didn’t want to lie.  He loved her.  He loved everything she did for him.  He told her that he’d been having second thoughts.  He told her that he felt that everything was moving too quickly.  And this was true.  He apologized profusely and it only made her more suspicious.  She asked him what happened, assuming that something must have happened.  People don’t just walk away like that, she said.  She asked if there was someone else and he said that there wasn’t any one else.  There were thousands.  Even if he could say this, why would it matter?  And so he apologized again.  It wasn’t that he didn’t love her anymore.  He needed some time apart.  He needed to figure a few things out.  She asked more questions but he couldn’t give her any answers.  “Why can’t it be enough to say that I don’t know?  Because I just don’t know.”  Even if he could tell Sandra about uCupid, he didn’t know why it mattered.  It just did.  That was the one belief that David felt certain about.  It mattered that everyone had thousands of matches.  It mattered that Sandra was picked at random from a list of equally suitable people.  And it was infuriating.  He felt certain that it mattered and yet he didn’t know why.  He was a frustrated child told by a weary parent that something is, “just because,” only David was both the child and the parent, asking and answering himself without satisfaction or satiation.
He had to go but had nowhere to go.  All his friends were married or had children.  Lily was preparing to move down to Seattle.  Soon their house would be on the market.  Only Nikolas would accept him, and with no questions asked (granted, Nikolas didn’t ask questions of anyone).  The only thing David told his father was that he needed a place to stay for a few months until he could find his own apartment.  Nikolas agreed with the condition that David made sure to clean up after himself.  Before hanging up the phone, Nikolas asked: “So, I presume that Sandra is not coming with you?” David confirmed this and nothing more was said.
David Dekker was back in his old bedroom but it no longer resembled the space of his youth.  The twin bed was still there, but that was it.  All other furniture had been removed with nothing to replace it.  The walls were white, bare and spotless.  An insulating layer of translucent plastic covered the window and David was instructed not to remove it.  Parting the closet doors, he discovered it to be occupied with homemade plywood shelves, two meters in height, filled with sharp-cornered cardboard boxes storing thousands of National Geographic magazines.  The dates went back to the sixties.  Nikolas was perhaps the tidiest hoarder in the entire world.  But David was not (immediately) bothered.  He never expected nor wanted to get comfortable at Nikolas’s house.  With resolve, he’d tell himself that comforts would make him complacent.  After taking what in Nikolas’s opinion was a lavishly prolonged (ten minute) shower, David was informed that there was no need to waste so much hot water.  When David asked about plugging his laptop into the router to access the Internet, Nikolas made it clear that he would have to pay the Internet bill for that month.  But David could handle these things.  He was a Dekker.  He lived half his life with similar expectations.  And in those moments when he struggled to remain stoic and accepting, he’d make an excuse about needing to pick up something from the store before slipping out of the house to smoke a joint.  The neighborhood park bordered a steep and densely forested ravine and so there was no shortage of inconspicuous places for David to unwind.  He frequented the park enough to recognize local teenagers who’d take possession of picnic tables after school.  One day a shuffling young man in a Tap Out hoodie asked him for rollies and after that they’d exchange brotherly nods of acknowledgement.  After a couple of weeks, David realized there wasn’t a point in bothering with excuses for leaving the house.  Nikolas never seemed to care or notice.  David would get up, exit, and come back twenty minutes later, red-eyed and sluggish.  Nikolas would be in the same spot and not even look up from his paper (although remember, time moved at a different rate in the Dekker house; David might have only been gone a few seconds as far as Nikolas was concerned).  The hardest part was enduring the monotony of those evening hours.  There were only so many days that David could find a willing companion to meet up with for drinks.  There were only so many movies or television shows that he could watch on his laptop, let alone have the time to download considering his father’s economical internet plan.  There were only so many evenings that he wanted to lurk at the edge of a ravine, getting stoned while watching families buzz around the playground.  Look at us!  We’re furthering the progress of our species!  He was thankful that he started work so early.  He only had to fritter a few evening hours each day.  After that, he could relish in a full night’s sleep and wake up well before five in the morning to take a long (fifteen minute) shower while Nikolas was asleep and oblivious.
This evening, however, David was excited.  He watched the window from the workstation he’d set up in one corner of the living room.  Tonight, Lily was dropping off Tegan.  He would have her for the entire weekend.  Tegan gave him reasons to go to the local park and not smoke pot.  He’d be granted access to that club of parents at the playground.  And while the other mothers and fathers sat on wooden benches with mobile phones in hand, tiring of their child’s demands for yet another push, David was as inexhaustible as his eighteen-month-old daughter.  She wouldn’t even have to ask or whine.  He was always there, giving her another thrust.  What a great father! he imagined the others thinking (hoping they hadn’t recognized his figure in the shadowy woods hardly a hundred feet away on other days).  He’s really bettering the progress of our species!  Even when they stayed indoors, David found entertainment in watching Tegan amble through Nikolas’s house (and his father’s dislike for superfluous furniture meant that there were very few objects that she could injure herself on).  Nikolas would make a silly face and she would erupt in unrestrained laughter that was otherwise vacant in the house.  And when Tegan giggled, it painted the paper-white walls with pastels, it softened those fluorescent lights, it made the house a home.  David once saw his father huff and puff while crawling on all fours across the living room.  David actually found it disturbing—witnessing his father act with such flagrant disregard for his own personality—but for Tegan, this was the comedy hit of the year.
Lily’s burnt-orange Ford Escape pulled up to the curb and David hurried out the door to meet them on the street, drizzle be damned.  Every time he went without seeing Tegan for more than a week he feared she would need a moment to recognize him.  That she would contort and reach for mom.  But not then.  Not yet.  There was no mistaking the look in her eyes when she saw David.  Before Lily had a chance to step onto the pavement, he’d pulled Tegan out from the car seat and whirled her around to elicit an easy but appreciated squeal of delight.  He knew Tegan wanted to walk on her own but he wasn’t willing to let go of her just yet.  Lily dropped a duffle bag with Tegan’s necessities onto the sidewalk and then paused a moment to watch her soon-to-be-ex-husband and daughter.  She sighed but then smiled.  “You know, it makes me feel really good to see you like that.”
“Like what?”
“Happy.”
David heaved Tegan up so that her hands rested on his shoulders.  “I’m fine, Lil.”
She just stared at him.
David said, “Don’t worry about me.”
“Of course I’m going to worry about you.”
“But there’s nothing to worry about.   I’m getting things figured out.”
“When’s the last time you talked with Sandra?”
David gave Tegan a kiss and then shrugged his shoulders.  He wasn’t going to say more about that.
“Okay,” Lily said, relenting.  “But you’re fine with Tegan here all weekend?”
“It’s going to be great.” David even surprised himself with how heartfelt he sounded there.  “I’ve been looking forward to this.”
“And what are Nikolas’s thoughts on the matter?”
“You know, he’s a little better around her now.  And honestly it’s probably a good thing for her to get used to people ignoring her.  This life of adoration she leads right now is simply not sustainable, and she needs to know that.”
“He’s not driving you crazy?”
“No.” David answered far too quickly for him to know what to say next.  He wasn’t even sure why he said that.  After a moment of further deliberation, he added, “Nope.”  This had the unfortunate effect of cancelling out any supposed sincerity.
“I find that difficult to believe.”
“Why’s that?”
“For starters, you’d rather hang out here in the rain than go inside.”
“It’s barely spitting.”
“She’s getting soaked.”
“Maybe I wanted to spend time talking with you?”
Lily seemed surprised by this and her mouth hung open just enough to show that she was caught mid-thought by his statement.  She then smiled.  “We could have talked inside.”
“Bullshit. You hate it inside there.”
Lily nodded.  “You’re right.   I do.  A hospital has more ambience than that place.”
David was in no rush to go back inside.  He wiped Tegan’s soggy forehead with his hand.  “How is Scott doing these days?”
She brushed back a moist bunch of hair from her face and seemed unsure what to say.  “He’s doing pretty well.  Even though I know you don’t want to talk about it, he’s just as shocked as I am that you broke up with Sandra.  He thought you two were perfect for each other.”
Again, David just shrugged.  There was nothing to say about that.  “Well, give him my best.”
Lily looked at David as if he was trying to sell her on something.  “Do you actually mean that?”
“Of course I do.  He’s a good guy.  Not quite one-in-a-million, but you know.  Maybe one in several thousand.”
“What does that mean?”
“Nothing.  Just a bad joke.”  He leaned over and kissed Lily on her moist cheek.  The raindrops felt like tears, as if he was consoling her, and he relished in that feeling.  “You should get going.  I’m sure the border will be a bitch.”  He nearly pushed her back towards her car.
“You’re going to be fine, right, David?”
“That’s a bit of a leading question, but yes.  I’m going to be fine.” Tegan began to squirm over his shoulders with the sudden and irrational desire to leap head first onto the sidewalk below.  “I think I should get her inside.  In case you haven’t noticed, Tegan’s getting soaked.”
The Twenty-Eighth Chapter


David couldn’t quite believe it.  As he flicked on the lights to the small half-bathroom tucked beneath the stairs of Brett and Bonnie’s townhouse, he found the toilet seat vertical.  When he prepared to leave that closet-of-a-room, he had to resist the instinct to put it back down.  He took his chair at the table and waited for an appropriate opening in their conversation to say to Brett: “You did it.  Congratulations.” 
Bonnie looked at Brett and in turn Brett looked around the room as if to say that David had gotten the wrong man.  “Sorry?”
“In the bathroom there.  The toilet seat was already up.  You managed to marry someone who would not make you put it down.  I didn’t actually think it was possible.  I never thought that trait could survive a long-term relationship, but it did.  And I’m proud of you, Brett.  You’ve managed to stay true to your principles.  There aren’t enough people like you in this world.”
“I am a pretty great guy,” he replied, nearly monotone.
“It doesn’t actually bother me,” Bonnie admitted as if ashamed.  “As long as I don’t see stains and hairs, what do I care?  It’s not like a lot of work on my behalf.  If he has to lift it up, then it makes sense that I should have to put it back down.  I think it actually keeps the seat cleaner for when I need to use it.”
“What about when the baby comes along?” David motioned to Bonnie’s belly, still small enough to be concealed beneath an autumn sweater.
Both Brett and Bonnie looked at David assuming there was more to say.  Brett asked: “What do you mean?”
“Well, if you always leave the seat up, the baby could crawl in and drown, right?”
Bonnie looked over to Brett, her eyebrows darting up.  “He has a point.”
Brett was not deterred.  “As if there is a problem with babies drowning in toilets.”
“No, think about it,” Bonnie’s tone made it clear that David’s question had struck a chord.  “The baby crawls over, bangs her head on the porcelain, and then passes out in the water.”
“As if that’s a problem.” Brett looked around the room for something else as potentially fatal. “I bet there are more babies that die from televisions falling off the wall and onto them.”
“But David makes a point.  It could happen.”
Brett glared at David while pulling out his phone.  “I’m going to Google this right now.  I can’t see it being a real problem.  It’s just another thing that people get scared about because by doing so it makes them feel like they’re better parents.”
“Hey,” David put up his hands as if under arrest.  “I was just asking a question.  And besides, I’m not even allowed to stand while using the toilet at my Dad’s place.  He makes everyone sit.  And he listens.  He may be old but he can hear if there’s too much tinkling going on.”
David tried to savor these moments of levity.  Trivial conversations were all he had as a teenager, as a young man in his twenties.  In university, entire weekends seemed to have been spent talking about nothing at all.  With Lily, with Sandra, quiet moments together were filled with aimless, wafting dialogue that rarely went anywhere.  Back then, wasting a few minutes discussing toilet seat etiquette would have passed without a moment of contemplation or appreciation.  Now these times were precious.  Most of his hours spent at Nikolas’s house were in silence.  When Nikolas spoke it usually concerned some breach in household protocol—David might have left the fridge door open too long or dared to urinate while standing.  To Nikolas Dekker, speech was a tool, and tools should be used to produce; banter was a waste of time, using a fine blade to do nothing more than whittle.  And David wanted nothing more than to whittle, for hours upon hours if need be.  But he could see the look in their eyes.  He knew what was going to come next.  It was obvious.  It was his fault.  He was the one who mentioned Nikolas and invited that topic.
Brett asked, “How much longer do you think you can last at your dad’s place?”
He wanted to sigh but couldn’t—not only would Brett and Bonnie apologize for making him uncomfortable, they would feel certain that David was miserable.  Seizing his post-baby training, David exhaled and then nodded.  “I’m hoping to find a place in the next month.”
Bonnie looked at David as if he was injured.  “Have you been talking with Sandra at all?”
“I’m giving her some time right now.  She’ll be fine, I know that.  I’m quite certain that there’s someone out there, just right for her.  In fact, I’m quite certain that there are plenty of people out there just right for her.”
“Do you think you might move back?”
“Uhm,” David looked to Brett, hoping that he would pick up on his discomfort.  “I don’t know.”
“I always thought you two seemed perfect for each other—” Bonnie said before Brett’s foot buffeted her ankle beneath the table.  “Sorry.”
“No, don’t worry about it.  Trust me, I’ve heard that before.   And it’s probably true.  But someone has to be part of the point-three percent, right?”
Both Brett and Bonnie seemed stuck on David’s last comment.  David then clarified: “You know, uCupid is supposedly 99.97% accurate, so someone has to be that point-three percent that fails?”
“You mean, point zero-three percent,” Bonnie corrected, almost ashamedly.
David thought about the arithmetic for a second.  “Yes.  Zero point zero three percent.  What can I say?  My brother was the one who was good at math.”
“Have you heard from him at all recently?”  Brett asked.  “He must be filthy rich by now.”
“I’ve spoken with him a little.  I don’t know if he’s rich yet.  I guess he probably is.  But he’s just as cheap as my dad, so you’d never really know it.  But we’re getting some stuff worked out between the two of us.”
“Has he apologized to you yet?”
It was Bonnie who asked this and David needed a moment to understand her question.  He wanted to ask her why Xavier would apologize to him.  The fact that this woman, whom David had only met on a handful of occasions, would carry that distorted belief about Xavier only served to remind David of how terrible he’d been.  He wrestled his confused grimace into a thankful smile.  “You know, he has actually.”  He nodded, pleased that she’d asked.  “There’s been progress.”
“Well, we should have a toast to that,” Brett lifted his beer into the air.  “The Dekker family is coming together.  A year ago and I didn’t know you had a brother.  Now you’re living with your dad and talking with Xavier.”
David tapped his beer against Brett’s bottle and Bonnie’s mug of tea.  “Makes you believe in miracles, doesn’t it?” he said.
“Maybe next he’ll move back home with you and your dad, as well?”
David laughed at Brett’s comment.  It wasn’t uproarious or bellowing, but it was genuine.  At the time he didn’t think about his reaction.  Just another passing moment that should have been forgettable.  Not long after, David gave his goodbyes and thanked both of them for having him over, for giving him a reason to get out of his father’s house.  David assumed that he would be in bed soon.  Maybe smoke a joint in his car to ensure a good night’s sleep.  And there would be nothing ironic, of course, about what Brett had said.
David first noticed a misplaced vehicle parked on the driveway of Nikolas’s house.  He could see this from down the block.  His first thought was that one of the neighbors was having a party and that a guest was taking the spot.  David could only imagine how Nikolas would react once he discovered this.  But within seconds it became apparent that there was plenty of curbside parking available.  And then David noticed the make and model of the car; a 90’s Honda Civic sedan.  The streetlight illuminated the car’s interior just enough for David to discern the silhouette of a bar locked onto the steering wheel.  Xavier was visiting.  This, in itself, was astounding.  David opened the front door to reveal his brother and father talking in the living room.  They appeared cordial with one another.  Four bags of groceries rested atop the kitchen table.  “Hey, Xavier.” David couldn’t think of anything else to say.  He was actually a little proud of himself for not saying ‘Zave.’
It was then that Nikolas informed David that Xavier would be staying at the house for a while.  And it was then that David recalled just how he’d reacted to Brett’s joke.  Maybe next he’ll move back home with you and your dad, as well?  It was no longer funny.
What Happened to Xavier


Xavier had to adopt a slash-and-burn technique with his weekly grocery excursions.  If he made a habit of frequenting any particular business, cashiers might start taking notice of him.  People would recognize his face and ask questions.  And like his slash-and-burn brethren of the equatorial rainforests, Xavier had to continuously expand his reach, driving further and further away from his condominium for sustenance.  It was not sustainable, he knew.  But it was a necessity.  Doing this made it impossible for anyone to figure out where he lived.
This particular occasion, he’d driven twenty minutes to a colossal rectangular prism, a store that put so much emphasis on suppressing prices that all other details were inconsequential.  There seemed to be no staff aside from a linear squadron of voiceless cashiers whose mandate definitely did not include bagging.  Try to ask someone for the location of a particular item and one would be forced to wander the long aisles until exhausted with hapless fury.  The bulk section was an all-you-can-eat buffet of manhandled roasted nuts, colorful candies and assorted chocolates.  Patrons would have to wrestle their oversized shopping carts around a slalom course of spilled bags of rice and shattered jars of pickled beets all in the name of saving 24 cents-per-liter of juice (when one purchased at least four). But Xavier appreciated the inhuman scale and complete absence of customer support.  This was the type of place he could come back to more than once, he thought.
It was as Xavier searched for the shortest line amongst nearly twenty checkout tills that he noticed a stocky man in a charcoal hoodie staring at him.  His arms appeared padded, like he was wearing a pair of sweaters.  When Xavier looked up, the stranger didn’t look away, it was as if he was playing a game of chicken with his glare.  Xavier turned back around.  The man took the spot behind Xavier in line and placed his green shopping basket down by his feet.  Xavier could see that he was purchasing several boxes of cereal, a two-liter carton of 2% milk, and a tight-wrapped translucent blimp of ground beef.  There were three customers ahead of Xavier, one of which was a woman with an overflowing basket of goods.  Xavier pretended to look around for someone and the man had no qualms about staring, his eyes darting from Xavier’s ball cap to his scruffy, dusty black beard.  Xavier thought of switching lines, of pretending to have forgotten something, of leaving his goods and running away.  Xavier looked at the selection of chewing gums in order to make out the man’s actions in his peripheral vision.  He was looking at his phone.  And then he was looking at Xavier.
When Xavier began unloading his cart onto the rubber conveyor belt, he observed the man typing into his phone.  Perhaps he was searching for more images of the maker of uCupid.  Perhaps he was texting a friend to say that he was about to kill the maker of uCupid.  Perhaps both.  Xavier again thought of fleeing but now that his groceries were about to be scanned it seemed to be too late.  It would only draw attention to him.  Xavier discovered that being inconspicuous had great inertia; the energy required to escape was simply too great.  Instead, he would bag his items with haste and scurry to the car.  If necessary, he would construct a horribly inefficient route home.  He would crisscross congested bridges and take sudden right turns into traffic-restricted neighborhoods.  He would park his car directly in front of the Vancouver Police Department headquarters and wait to ensure that this man wouldn’t dare follow any further.  The cashier interrupted Xavier’s bagging to tell him his total.  Xavier paid in cash and noticed that the man was now only buying one thing: that cylindrical tube of ground beef, large enough to bludgeon a man.  Xavier heaved the last bag into his cart and pushed it away towards the exit at a determined (but not frantic) pace.  The doors parted aside to reveal the starless night sky, the dark navy sheath of cloud like stretched cotton.  The wet parking lot appeared glazed beneath the looming stadium lights.  The front left wheel of Xavier’s cart rattled as he attempted to jog towards his car.  He then looked back and the man was already out and walking the same direction, carrying only a single plastic shopping bag.  Xavier felt burdened with this shopping cart.  Even after he’d unloaded his groceries, he would still have to roll it back to one of the stations—lest he forgo the one-dollar deposit.
“Hey!” the man yelled in a way that seemed to prelude, I’m talking to you.
Xavier didn’t turn around.  It was decided: he would leave the cart in the parking lot.  He didn’t need the loonie back.
“Hey!” the man repeated, angry that Xavier hadn’t turned around as if Xavier was the one being rude, a disobedient teenager.  The man’s pace quickened.
Xavier wasn’t sure if the man was running but he wouldn’t waste time looking back to confirm.  Xavier was at his car.  He unlocked the trunk and mustered all his strength to haul the four bags, two in each hand, over and into his vehicle in one motion.  He slammed the trunk shut and thrust the cart across the asphalt to give him room to exit.  The man was only a few meters away.  Xavier knew that once he was inside his car, he was safe.  Once inside he would punch down the lock.  Once inside, the man was powerless, just aggressive tissue, an irrelevant object adjacent to an object of steel and glass.
But there was a problem.  As Xavier tumbled into the driver’s seat, the rounded rubber-tipped point of his steering wheel security club hooked into his right coat pocket, repelling him from the seat.  Stuck in limbo, one foot on the pavement, one foot beside the brake pedal, Xavier squirmed in a panic.  The man slunk between Xavier’s Civic and a neighboring minivan, dropping his plastic bag onto the pavement with a crinkling wet thud.  He needed both hands for this.  Xavier screamed for help right as the man pulled him out from and heaved his back against the car.
“You’re the fucking guy,” the man said, all forehead, nose, and chin, a deep valley of black where his eyes should have been.  “Xavier, right?” pronounced EX-ay-vee-er.
Xavier shook his head and tried to wriggle free, but the man had both his arms and all his weight against him.  “You can’t do this,” Xavier yelled back before calling for help.  The man then punched Xavier in the stomach, silencing his pleas.  If he’d ever before been struck by someone, Xavier couldn’t remember.  He didn’t expect the pain to be so acute, so incapacitating.  Not only were all his breaths forced out with a single crude lunge, Xavier’s legs gave out as if paralyzed.  The only reason he didn’t crumple headfirst into the adjacent minivan was because the man’s clenched right first was still in his abdomen.  Xavier both gasped for air and wanted to throw up.  He couldn’t look skyward.  The tendons in his neck tightened.  His glasses tumbled to his feet.  There would be another strike.  Maybe this time to the head.  Maybe this time with a knife.  Tears expelled from the lips of his eyes like a wailing baby.  One punch was all it took.  His body had lost all control.  Xavier pleaded.  “Don’t kill me.”  His words were barely intelligible and the man let him drop to the ground.  Xavier was instantly ashamed.  He didn’t need to say that.  He couldn’t look up, starting instead at the glistening black asphalt an inch from his eyes.  He wrapped his trembling right hand around the weightless frames of his glasses.
The man snorted.  “Fucking pussy,” he said and strode away.  For what felt like minutes, Xavier lay on the ground between the two cars.  He looked up and watched families walk past, the children pointing their fingers, the adults too busy or afraid to notice.  He coughed and nearly vomited.  People feared making eye contact with the strung-out junkie.  A young couple cast aside their own hesitation and approached, asking if he was all right, if he needed them to call 9-1-1.  He didn’t want more attention.  He didn’t want others to recognize him.  He couldn’t let this go online.  “I’m fine,” he tried to say, realizing how ridiculous this was coming from a grown man hunched over in a parking lot.  But it was reassuring to have someone else standing there.  It meant the man wouldn’t return.  Xavier could regain his breaths.  He could move his legs.  Again, they asked if they should call someone but he was adamant.  “I’m fine.”  They tried to assure him that the police were needed but he just wanted to sit on the ground right where he was.  When the couple departed, he felt exposed.  He tried to stand but his body pulled his shoulders back down.  He wondered if something had ruptured.  This was how Houdini had died.  He thought he should go to the hospital but that would require further discourse.  He would have to admit his identity to more strangers.  He crawled into his Civic and locked the door.  He was in no rush to go anywhere.  Several cars came and went from either side.  A disheveled man stumbled upon his stray cart and wheeled it away.  The adrenaline had long waned, leaving Xavier’s body sore and listless.  Don’t kill me.  He found himself crying, although unsure why.  He tried to wipe away the tears as if that also did away with the shame.  Don’t kill me.  He started the car and knew he couldn’t go back to his apartment.  He couldn’t be alone tonight.  He couldn’t go back to Gwen.  He didn’t even know where she was anymore.  There seemed to be only one choice—which really didn’t make it much of a choice, he realized.
The Twenty-Ninth Chapter


The day after Xavier moved back into Nikolas’s house, David figured that he had the solution.  It was late in the morning when he knocked on Xavier’s bedroom door.    “What is it?” Xavier replied, unseen.  When David twisted the brass knob and pushed the door open, it felt like there should have been a skeletal teenager on the bed dressed in a Kill ‘Em All t-shirt so oversized that it puddled around him.  An adolescent with the face of a prepubescent.  Ruffled, black bed-head hair draping over his ears and neck like an unkempt garden.  Instead, middle-aged Xavier sat on the bed with his laptop and sighed while closing the screen.  “I didn’t say you could come in.”
“Are you working?”
“I was in the middle of something.”
“How are you feeling this morning?”
“I’m okay.”
“It’s feeling better?” David motioned towards his stomach.
“I’d rather not talk about it.”
“Fair enough,” David closed the door and took a seat on a white folding chair tucked in beneath the desk for Nikolas’s computer.  “So, I’ve got an idea that I think might be helpful.”
“About what?”
“About your… predicament.”
“What’s my predicament?”  Xavier’s pronunciation implied that David had only just looked up that word in a thesaurus.
David tried not to laugh.  It seemed too obvious to put into words.  “With… uCupid… and the death threats and… people fucking chasing you down in the parking lot of supermarkets.  With everything.”
Xavier said nothing.  He pursed his lips together.
“Okay,” David figured it was time to be direct.  “I think you should change all the uCupid accounts so that everyone sees each and every one of their matches, just like you did with me.” 
This time it was Xavier who tried not to laugh.  “And how exactly will that solve anything?”
“Because it will change how people look at uCupid.  It’ll take the… romance out of it.”
“Then why wouldn’t I just unpublish the app?”
David expected such a rebuttal.  “But that wouldn’t work.  That would only mystify it further.  You need to show people what exactly it is.”
“And destroy my user base by doing so?”
David shrugged.  “Do you really need more money?”
“I’m not going to do that.”  Xavier flipped open the screen to his laptop, clearly annoyed by David’s last comment.
“But just think about it—”
“If that’s all you had to say, then I’ve heard it and I’d like to get back to work.”
“You’re not even going to think about it?”
“I don’t need to think about it anymore because it requires no thought.  Now, why don’t you leave and go back to whatever you do.”  Xavier typed and looked at his screen without acknowledging David’s presence.   He then muttered, “Spamming people, I guess.”
“What the fuck did you say?”
“Isn’t that your job?”
“Spamming?  I don’t fucking spam people.”
“Well, whatever it is, you should be doing it right now.”
“Don’t’ be so fucking smug.”
“Do you really have to yell and swear so much?”
“I’d really like to fucking punch you in the gut right now.” In what felt like mere seconds, David became so irate that his entire body tensed.  He stood and thought about striking his middle-aged brother.  Xavier squirmed back an inch, now nervous.  David relished in this moment of power.
The door then swung open.  “What are you two doing?” Nikolas held onto the doorknob as if for support.  “Do not yell in my house.”
Xavier pointed towards David.  “He was the one yelling.  And he was going to punch me.”
“I wasn’t going to,” fucking, “punch you.”
“David,” Nikolas slapped his shoulder with enough strength to nearly knock him over, “stop fighting with your brother.”
“He’s the one who said that…”  It was at this point that David realized just how deeply he was regressing.  He knew if he were to say another word, fuck would be it.  He clenched his teeth and fists.  He expelled a guttural moan that might have been appropriate should anesthetics have been wearing off in the middle of a root canal.  And then he marched past Nikolas to his room across the hall and had to restrain himself from slamming the door.  Now that would be an immature response unbecoming of a thirty-six-year-old father.

Three days after Xavier moved back into Nikolas’s house, David returned from the local park, his mouth dry and eyes flushed.  Just after closing the front door, he heard a familiar sound emanating from the basement.  A cold and synthetic grumble, like metal scraping against asphalt, was broken with the piercing blasts of an old toy laser gun.  He knew what this meant.  Xavier had found the Atari 2600 in one of Nikolas’s many storage boxes.  Xavier was playing Defender.
Xavier sat cross-legged on the carpeted floor and had connected the system to a dim and fuzzy silver television set that looked contemporary in comparison to the gaming console with its coal-black plastic, wood grain paneling, stout metal toggles and rotund gaming cartridges, each larger than a deck of cards.  What David witnessed at that moment bore little resemblance to his childhood memories.  Most of the screen was blank, supposedly the depths of space, with an alien city of discarded blue Tetris blocks at the bottom that scrolled to the left and right in an infinite loop.  The namesake defending spacecraft was composed of no more than a dozen monochrome blocky pixels in the shape of a pointed, Pinocchio nose.  The ship vanished each time Xavier depressed the lone, red button in order to fire.  And those antagonistic aliens—which were essentially asterisks—flickered across the screen like expiring fluorescent bulbs.  David wondered if there was a scourge of epileptic children in the 1980’s falling prey to seizures while playing these games.
“So, I see you found the old Atari,” David said after standing behind Xavier for almost a minute in silence.  “I’m surprised it still works.”
“It doesn’t really.” Xavier leaned forward on his controller as if to force it into submission.  “The joystick needs to be fixed.”
Xavier destroyed the last remaining triangle/attacking spacecraft of level two and was rewarded with a the numeral 2 flashing in the middle of the screen, accompanied by a sound that might be used to warn users of an impending and fatal error in a modern computing system.  The next level then began without pause, which was exactly the same as the previous one but with additional flickering enemies.  No good deed goes unpunished with pioneering video games.
“You’re doing pretty well.”
“I wouldn’t call making it to the third level doing pretty well.  I used to be able to make it to level twenty.”
“These games never had an end though, did they?”
“No.”
“You just keep playing until you die?”
Xavier was too busy to reply.
“It’s actually really hard to watch,” David said as Xavier struggled to fire to the left and right in quick succession.  It was too late.  His vessel was destroyed in a mid-air collision.  And that was it.  The game was over.  But it didn’t say Game Over.  That would have demanded too much of the processor, apparently.  The screen turned orange and froze. 
David asked, “Can I try?”
Xavier held up the controller and David sat down on the floor.  He hit the red button and spun the creaking joystick.  Nothing happened.
“You have to toggle reset,” Xavier reached over and flicked a spring-loaded metal switch on the console.  A red-alert siren heralded the start of a new game.  Now David was in control.  Or, somewhat in control.  Xavier made it look easy to maneuver the ship around the screen.  David could move down but not up.  He could swerve left only if he really tried.  He thought he might snap the joystick right off.  Nothing on the screen seemed to make any sense.  Everything kept disappearing and reappearing.  He never made it past the first level.
David tossed the joystick down onto the ground in anger.  “Fucking piece of shit.”
“Well, it is more than thirty years old,” Xavier picked up the controller as if it needed consoling.
“That game sucks.  Even if the controller worked.”
“It’s just old.”
“I can’t believe we used to find that so awesome.”
“Things were different at the time.”  Xavier toggled reset and started playing again.  Within thirty seconds he had achieved more success than David.
“Were things different or were we just different?”
Xavier successfully destroyed three ships in a matter of seconds.  “Both,” he said.
David was going to get up.  There was nothing more to say about Defender and there didn’t seem to be anything else to watch.  But the joint he’d just smoked weighed him down.  And if he did leave, where would he go?  Up to his barren bedroom?  To watch Nikolas read the newspaper?  Once Xavier was back on level 3, David wanted to see if he could make it further.  He found his body swaying from side to side as if to steer Xavier’s spacecraft.   He’d tense up when a swarm of blinking spacecraft surrounded the humble defender.  This would be it.  Not even Xavier could get out of this one.  There would be a flurry of colorful streaks and flickering pixels.  David wouldn’t have a clue as to what just happened.  But then there was only Xavier’s ship, free to keep the city and its single-pixel citizens safe.
“Well done, Zave.”
Xavier didn’t reply—there was a new level to prepare for.  But he didn’t mind being called Zave, either.

Five days after Xavier moved back into Nikolas’s house, Xavier fixed the Atari 2600 joystick using a soldering iron and some silicone.  The repairs allowed David to progress to level four, while Xavier was now able to broach level nine.

One week after Xavier moved back into Nikolas’s house, Lily came by to drop off Tegan for the weekend.  She didn’t recognize the old Honda Civic sedan on the driveway and would have never known that Xavier was present if he hadn’t cast aside the drapes in the living room.  As soon as she noticed, he scampered back and the blinds fell back together.  David held Tegan’s hand as she stumbled along the walkway to the front door.  Lily asked who was over.  David told her that it was Xavier.
“What?  I didn’t know he visited.”
Tegan was now ready to ascend the three concrete steps that led to the front door, each a mighty block in the Great Pyramid of Giza.  “Yeah,” David said while watching his daughter.  “He’s actually living here now.”
Lily appeared to be frozen in time.
David pushed open the door and called inside, “Xavier, come out here for a second.”  He then looked back to Lily and cast a quick and casual smile.  Xavier shuffled into view, very serious, as if being introduced to his new medical specialist.  “Lil, this is my brother, Xavier.”  Xavier smiled and held up his hand as a wave.  “Xavier, this is my,” David looked to Lily as if for assistance.  She offered none.  “This is Lily, my wife—for the time being, at least.”
“Hello, Xavier.”  It seemed to be a struggle for Lily to get the words out.
Xavier muttered a greeting.
David looked back and forth between the two and clapped his hands once.  “Well, I can see you two are hitting it off, but I should probably close the door before I’m forced to start paying the heating bills.”  He picked up Tegan and had her wave goodbye.  Xavier nodded again before disappearing from view.
Lily still wasn’t moving.  “Is everything okay?”
“I’m fine.  Enjoy your time in Seattle.”
She looked at David like he might be a hostage.  “Why is he,” she then stopped; there were too many questions to ask at once.
“I can’t really get into it right now.  I’ll see you on Monday.”  He kissed Lily on the cheek.  “Give Scott my best.”

Eight days after Xavier moved back into Nikolas’s house, Xavier asked if he could come along to the playground with David and Tegan.  He sounded nervous, as if this might be too much of an imposition.  David struggled to conceal his surprise.  He felt the need to remind Xavier that Tegan only yearned to be pushed on the swings.  There wasn’t much to see, he warned.  Xavier said that he expected as much.  It would be good to get out of the house, he said.  He didn’t utter a word to David or Tegan as they walked the three blocks to the playground.
David thrust the black plastic swing and Tegan squealed with appreciative laughter, her fluttering legs those of a sprinting cartoon character.  Xavier stood to the side and seemed to analyze the arc of each swing.  He’d then smile before realizing that he’d just been smiling and subsequently stop smiling.  Xavier wasn’t saying a word and David felt that something was up.  He seemed like he had something to say.  Something that he needed to release.
Xavier asked if he could push Tegan.
“Of course.” David stepped aside.
“She’s at a pleasant age,” Xavier said.
“I guess she is.”
“Soon she’ll start getting temperamental.”
“Oh, she’s starting to figure that out.”
Xavier seemed to have concluded his experiment with casual conversation.  David assumed he would step aside and say that he was done.  Maybe decide to walk back home.
He continued pushing.  “I hardly got to know Samantha when she was this age.  I was working too much back then.”
David didn’t know what to say.
Xavier said, “There were times when I’d have to work every day for weeks.  I don’t know if Gwen really believed me when I told her that I didn’t have a choice in having to be away so much.  It’s the way of the industry.”
Xavier was talking to someone else, it seemed.  There should have been a dangling white cord from his right ear.  But he awaited acknowledgement from David.  The silence between them was filled with the rhythmic squeaking of the swing’s chain.  “I’m sorry,” David said.
“Gwen used to talk about having two kids.  A girl and a boy.  I wasn’t sure about it.  I thought that two kids might be a little too much.  I warned Gwen that if we had a second then she might not be able to go back to work.  And after a few years, Gwen stopped talking about having another.  At the time I wasn’t sure why.  I was busy with work and didn’t feel ready for a second and so I never asked.” Xavier nodded.  “I think she blames me for that.  I think she wanted another child and holds that against me.”
Tegan pointed at a sprinting dog chasing a Frisbee and mooed.
David swallowed.  He had to say something.  Xavier seemed to be finished. “Have you ever asked her about this?”
Xavier shook his head.
“You must miss Samantha?”
Xavier nodded.  He seemed to have nothing more to say and David wondered if he should offer to take over pushing.  Then Xavier said, “I don’t know if she misses me, however.”
“Don’t say that.”
“It’s true.  For the majority of her life I was not around.  I only started working from home when she began school.”
“But I’m sure she misses you.  She’s a kid.  It’s what kids do.”
“Did you miss our father when he was away?”
David’s lips opened before he had an appropriate answer.  Feeling like he’d fallen into his brother’s trap, he sighed and responded with a feeble, “But Dad was different.”
“So, I take it that’s a ‘no.’”
“I don’t really remember.”
Xavier nodded.  “That’s a no.”
“I’m not saying that.”
“I never missed him.” Xavier said.  “I remember when I was nine he went to Yellowknife for a month.  I remember being disappointed when he came back home.”
“But Dad was an ass.”
“Samantha turns nine next year.”
“Xavier, you’re not the same as Dad.”
Xavier didn’t seem to be listening.  “Samantha will never remember me like I remember our mother.  She will think of me how I think of our father.”
“Xavier, like I said, you’re not the same as Dad.”
“We have our similarities.”
David couldn’t pretend to disagree with this statement.  “Yeah, of course.  But that doesn’t make you the same person.”
“I’ve always been more like Nikolas.”  Xavier only watched the black rubber seat of the swing.  A gentle thrust with his right arm with each cycle.  “You’ve always been more like Sheila.  It’s not fair, but there is nothing fair about genetics.  I accept that this is how it is.”
David sighed, lost for words.
“You have our mother’s sense of humor.  You have our mother’s impulsiveness.  I don’t have any of that.”
“Okay, why don’t you give Samantha a call when we get back?”
“I won’t get a hold of her.”
“You could try.”
“Gwen never picks up her phone when I call.” 
“Then call from my phone.”
“Gwen never picks up numbers that she doesn’t recognize.”
“She can’t just do that, you know?  Samantha is your child.”
Xavier pushed Tegan one more time and then stood aside.  “I think Tegan is getting tired.  You might want to take her home.”
“Jesus, Zave.  I’m sorry.”
“Or if you want to stay longer, then I might just walk back on my own.”
David nodded as if agreeing to Xavier’s suggestion.  Xavier expected him to withdraw Tegan from the swing but instead David took a tentative step closer.  Xavier stiffened as if about to be tackled.  David then did the unthinkable.  He wrapped his arms about Xavier’s shoulders and pulled him in towards his chest.  Xavier’s hands hung beside his pant pockets, fingers flush with his thighs.  He looked back and forth around David’s head.  “What are you doing?”
David replied into his back, “You looked like you needed a hug.”
“Okay.” Xavier nodded as if that had cleared everything up.
After slapping Xavier’s shoulder a couple of times, David unlocked his arms and stepped back.  “Was that as good for you as it was for me?”
“What do you mean?”
“Never mind.”  David then slowed Tegan’s swing and pulled her out and onto his shoulders.  “Let’s go home.”

Ten days after Xavier moved back into Nikolas’s house, Xavier made it to level twelve on Defender.  David had given up playing the game but found it meditative to watch his brother.  Being stoned helped.

Two weeks after Xavier moved back into Nikolas’s house, David agreed to drive Xavier to his Coal Harbour apartment in order to pick up a few things.  On the kitchen counter, a pair of charred-black bananas and a glass teapot with the dried film of evaporated tea spoke of Xavier’s unintended exodus.  A swarm of fruit flies discovered light for the first time when the garbage’s lid was raised.  David swatted the specks away from his face while Xavier logged into his desktop computer.  The last time David was here, Xavier told him the truth about uCupid.  The last time David was here, he was first exposed to his thousands of matches.  Xavier’s hands typed with a furious intent while David sat motionless.  Not even three months ago he was going to marry Sandra Rojas.  Now he couldn’t remember the name of the Colombian island where she wanted their ceremony to be held.  Remembering the details of his time with Sandra was like recalling the particulars of an old but vivid dream.  It was something he’d experienced, yes, but it wasn’t real.  The dull, late afternoon autumn sun hit the wall of vertical blinds and lit them with the muted intensity of a ten-watt bulb.  This apartment felt like limbo to David.  This was the space between two lives, one real and one imagined.
“Xavier,” David asked, not expecting his brother to react immediately.  “Xavier?”
He replied while typing, “What is it?”
“Why did you tell me about all my uCupid matches?  Why did you call me up to tell me that?”
Xavier’s fingers paused.  He said nothing and wouldn’t turn around.  David was about to repeat himself when Xavier shrugged and answered.  “I don’t know.”
“I’m sorry, but I don’t believe that.”
“I don’t know what else I can say.”  
“Why did you tell me?”
Xavier shook his head and resumed his work.  He then glanced back.  “Why are you watching me?”
“Why did you tell me?”
“Are you just going to keep asking me that same question?”
“Until you give me a better answer, yes.”
“If you’re going to be an annoyance then I would rather you just leave.  I’ll get back to my father’s on my own.”  He turned back around and started sliding windows from one monitor across to another.
“You didn’t want me to marry Sandra, did you?”
Xavier was too busy to respond. 
“Why not?” David asked as if they’d been having an actual conversation. “Did you know how I’d react?  Did you know that I‘d leave her?  You knew it would change things, didn’t you?”
Xavier minimized one window and maximized another.
“How is it that you know so much about humanity and yet so little about people?”
“I didn’t do it so that you wouldn’t marry…” Xavier began but clearly forgot her name.  Before David could interject, Xavier remembered.  “Sandra.”
“Then why did you tell me?”
“I did it because I thought you might want to know.”
David chuckled in disbelief.  “That’s not really telling me much.”
“If I recall correctly, you didn’t seem very enthusiastic about divorcing your wife.”
“But why me?”
“Because,” Xavier hesitated. “I didn’t know who else to tell.”
David let those words sink in.  Xavier told David because Xavier didn’t have anyone else to tell.  Without Gwen, without Samantha, Xavier had no one.  “But you needed to tell someone?”
“I thought someone else should know.”
“Then why don’t you tell everyone?  Let everyone see their matches.”
Apparently David had crossed a line.  Xavier shook his head and returned to his work.  “I’m not going to do that.  Now, I do have some work to do here.”
David nodded.  “Okay,” he said, holding up his hands and standing.  “I’ll go down to the Starbucks.  Give me a text when you’re ready for me to pick you up.”
Xavier agreed with an unintelligible mumble that was meant to relay just how very busy he was.  In reality, Xavier was in a mild state of shock.  David didn’t argue with him.  David just agreed and left.

Seventeen days after Xavier moved back into Nikolas’s house, Gwen called for the first time in a month.  She told Xavier that their Port Moody house had been burned down.
It was a damp Sunday morning in November.  David expected to witness billowing black smoke trailing up from the verdant mountainside to meld into the clouds huddling just out of reach.  He expected the pulsing glow of amber and red lights in the fog like an alien spacecraft.  He expected a crowd of gawking onlookers kept at a safe distance by stern words and outstretched hands.  But as they approached Xavier’s address, nothing felt out of the ordinary.  There was no smoke.  The streets were empty of people, cars, and excitement.  David wondered aloud if Gwen had told him the truth.  But then there was that unavoidable black extraction in between a line of tidy suburban homes, a missing incisor on an otherwise gleaming smile.  Xavier led the way with cautious steps from the car.  Yellow plastic ribbons had been erected around the property only to be trampled down.  The concrete driveway was cracked and covered in dirt.  Muddy tire tracks with sprouts of grass replaced the narrow front yard.  Nothing smoldered or steamed.  The garage remained seemingly unscathed while the rest of the house had been reduced to obsidian skeletal shards frosted with snowy ash.  A tall, lanky pine tree from a neighboring home was bald and red except for the very triangle tip.  The moss green vinyl siding of the house on the other side had melted and sagged.  
“When exactly did Gwen say this place was on fire?”
Xavier approached the remains of the front entrance.  The front door lay on the ground where there used to be a closet.  He was unsure if it was safe to go any further.  If he was allowed to go any further.  If he wanted to go any further.
“Xavier?” David asked again.  “When was the fire?”
“Thursday.”
“What?  You made it sound like it had just happened.”
“I believe I just said that the house had burned down.  I didn’t specify a time.”
“Well, when you say that your house has burned down, I assume it was a little more recently than half a week ago.  Is there anything else you didn’t tell me about this?”
A car horn honked from the street.  A milky-silver SUV parked at the curb, exhaust wafting from the tailpipe like an outstretched cigarette, and someone waved through the tinted windows.  The lights of the SUV then dimmed and out from the driver’s seat stepped a man in nylon knee-length shorts, a plain black T-shirt and a backwards baseball cap.  He nodded towards David and Xavier as if they were all colleagues pulling up into the staff parking lot.  He then opened the back door to let out a young girl with dark and coiled hair.  David recognized her from photographs.  It was Samantha.  The thud of an assertively shut door preceded Gwen stepping around the front of the vehicle.  She held Samantha back at the shoulder before looking both ways as if about to cross a busy highway.  There was not a moving car in sight.  They hurried across the road, the man with the unseasonably light clothing and backwards hat taking the lead.  He held out his right hand towards Xavier at least twenty feet in advance as he approached.  “Hey, buddy,” he then said. “You must be Xavier?  Nice to finally meet you.  I’m Shawn.”
At the last moment, Xavier held out his hand to shake.  He nodded in acknowledgement before wincing from the strength of Shawn’s grip.  The man’s fingers were as coarse as unpeeled carrots.  Xavier cleared his throat as if to continue with the introductions.  Instead he looked towards David expectantly.
“I’m David, Zave’s brother.”
“Oh.  Cool.  My name’s Shawn.  Nice to meet you, too.  I didn’t know that Xavier had a brother.”
“We get that all the time.”
“You should step away from the house,” Gwen scolded from behind what remained of the police tape.  “That’s why it says ‘Do not cross.’  It’s a crime scene.”
“Of course.”  As if to be chivalrous, Shawn turned to let David and Xavier go first.  Xavier did as he was told and David followed from behind.  Soon the five took sides, lined up like opposing soldiers with a meter-wide DMZ in between.  Xavier appeared most anxious about Samantha, secure behind Gwen’s protective grip.
“Hi, Dad.” Samantha looked at him like she’d just learned about some horrible truth, something that was too terrible to be forgiven.
“Hello,” Xavier replied, unable or unwilling to maintain eye contact with her.
“You can play your game if you want, Sam.” Gwen said, granting Samantha permission to take out her phone.  After one last glance towards her father, Samantha took a step back and focused her attention onto the screen in between her fingers.  Gwen then asked David: “So, why are you here?”  He was a child who’d snuck out of bed and into the middle of an adult conversation.
“I could say the same thing to your man Shawn here.”
Xavier tried to interject. “David, don’t—”
 “Hey,” Shawn stepped back with his hands up, ready to break anything up should it get physical, “let’s not get nasty here.”
“Shawn here,” Gwen said to David, “lives with us.  That’s why he’s here.”
“And Xavier here,” David said to Gwen, “lives with me.  That’s why I’m here.”
Gwen spun to Xavier.  “What is he talking about?”
Xavier shrugged his shoulders. 
“Really?  You two live together?”
David spoke on his behalf. “Xavier here has had some run-ins with people looking to… make their displeasure with uCupid known to him.”
“Oh my God, Xavier.  Why didn’t you tell me this?”
David couldn’t help himself: “And why didn’t you tell Xavier that his house had burned down until this morning?”
“David,” Xavier held up a hand and seemed ready to strike his younger brother.  He then rubbed and pulled the skin on his forehead.  “David, why don’t you, Shawn and Samantha give Gwen and I a few minutes together?”
A round of listless nodding seemed to validate Xavier’s idea.  As Shawn directed Samantha back to the car, she bolted around him and wrapped her arms around Xavier’s waist, not saying a word.  Gwen expelled a breathy and weak, “Sam.”  Shawn stood motionless and powerless.  Xavier seemed to sigh before leaning down and kissing those dark ringlets of hair, his nose buried within and relishing her scent.  Samantha sniffled, her face completely hidden.  She then leaned up and Xavier kissed her forehead.  
“Go with him now.” Xavier said, “You really should.  Your mother and I need to talk.”
She nuzzled her face into his jacket once again before pulling back, seeming to tear something away from Xavier as she parted.  She took Shawn’s hand to be directed across the street.  David could see the glistening sheen over his brother’s eyes.  Xavier adjusted his glasses and glanced at David only long enough to show his displeasure with being watched.  “You can go, too.”
David nodded without protest.  He sat down behind his steering wheel and watched Xavier and Gwen, unable to hear a word they were saying.  Gwen stood with military firmness, her hands clasped behind her back.  Xavier gripped his own hands as if to keep them still.  Shawn strolled towards David’s car and rapped his knuckles against the glass.  “Hey, Buddy,” he held out his hand through the window towards David.  “No hard feelings, right?  I understand this is all crazy.”
David didn’t want to shake this man’s hand.  He wasn’t sure why.  Shawn wasn’t offensive.  He was clearly trying to deflate the tension of what was an awful and awkward situation.  And yet David didn’t want to offer up anything, be it his hand or a few conciliatory words.  He wasn’t interested in peace offerings.  He yearned for a declaration of war.  Maybe tell Shawn not to call him buddy.  And to put on some fucking pants, seeing as it was November.
But David shook Shawn’s hand.  He assured him that there were no hard feelings.  He made no suggestions regarding what constituted seasonally appropriate attire.  Shawn lingered with one elbow resting on the lowered window.  He tried to empathize with David, told him how it must be tough not seeing his niece in such a long time.  David then admitted to Shawn that he’d never before met Samantha—at which point Shawn ran out of things to say, patted the hood of the car, and returned to his vehicle.

Twenty days after Xavier moved back into Nikolas’s house, the Atari 2600 joystick ceased responding.  Just the previous day, Xavier had made it to level fifteen and broke half a million points.  After conducting a dissection that then became an autopsy, Xavier determined that the circuit board had cracked underneath the pressure.  When David learned of this, he expressed his condolences.  Xavier told him not to be sad.  It doesn’t mean anything, he said.

Three weeks after Xavier moved back into Nikolas’s house, Xavier came down the steps as David logged in to work.  David asked what he was doing up so early in the morning and Xavier admitted that he hadn’t been sleeping well.  David asked if it was because of the passing of his Atari and Xavier found the joke mildly humorous.  Xavier then told David about something that he wanted to do.  He admitted that he was scared but that it made sense.  David asked why he was choosing to do this now, and Xavier said that it was just time.  David left it at that and offered Xavier a ride to his apartment.
The Thirtieth Chapter


Your uCupid match has been found.  Please accept.  Lily was on the bus home.  She’d been composing a text to Scott when this obtrusive window hijacked her screen.  Assuming it to be a glitch, she opened uCupid and waited to be reintroduced to Scott Hunter.  A map of the world zoomed in towards Great Falls, Montana.  A pink marker fell and stabbed into the periphery of a perfectly square block.  She was introduced to Tyler Dawson, a man with an unashamedly eager smile.  A throbbing button at the bottom of the screen demanded that she accept.  There was no option to decline.  She exited the app and returned to her messages (ready to joke to Scott about how uCupid had found her another man in Montana, of all places) before being reminded that her uCupid match had been found.  She accepted to shut it up.  She was introduced to a man with an impish grin and a mop of brown curls.  His name was Tanner Evans and he lived Seattle.  uCupid assumed that she would accept this new and ideal man into her life.  Again, she exited the app without accepting the invitation and again she was reminded that her uCupid match was waiting.  uCupid was only trying to please her; she was the one being rude.  Lily muttered a profanity, accepted Tanner Evans, and was introduced to Suminder Singh, a handsome young man with an oddly composed and flattering profile photo who lived a half-hour drive away, in traffic.
By the time Lily approached the walkway of her house, she’d accepted ten new men in her life, three of which lived within driving distance.  She’d already received her first message from one (Tanner Evans), who relayed his confusion seeing as he’d already met and married his uCupid match.  Lily was in the process of replying to Tanner when her mother opened the door.  Margaret held the cordless phone against her ear with one hand and waved Lily in with the other.  Time was of the essence.  “I’ve been on hold with the phone company for what must be half an hour.” Margaret said.  “It’s ridiculous.”
“What?” Lily had just received another uCupid announcement and was fumbling to turn off the ringer.  “What are you talking about?”
“Well my cell phone is broken and when I called customer support they’ve just been giving me the run around.”
Lily put down her bags and Tegan stumbled towards her with a degree of appreciation usually reserved for when reality-television pawns are reunited with loved ones.  Tegan wrapped both her arms and legs around Lily, not ever wanting to be put down again.  Tegan then demanded to be put down.  She staggered back to the couch and more specifically the television’s remote control. Lily’s phone quivered in her hand and she tried to ignore it.  Margaret was motioning for her to look closely at her cell.  Lily tried not to sigh.  “What’s wrong with it?”
“Well look, it keeps telling me that I have another man waiting for me on the Cupid and I try to tell it to stop but it just keeps telling me.”
Lily grabbed her mother’s phone out from her hand.  It was currently advising her of a man named Carl Worthington who lived near San Francisco.  He was glossy-bald and attempted to balance out his narrow chin with a dense, white goatee.  Lily wouldn’t have ever thought him to be her mother’s type, but nonetheless she hit accept and was promptly introduced to James Wilks from Calgary, Alberta.  “How long has this been going on for?”
“I don’t know exactly, but at least for a couple of hours.  If I have to wait on hold much longer I’m going to drive to the store and demand my contract be cancelled without penalty.”
Lily grabbed the cordless phone from her mother’s hands and turned it off.  “This has nothing to do with them.”
“I was on hold!”
“With who, exactly?”
“I think technical service.”
“This has nothing to do with your phone.  It’s the app.  The same thing is happening on my phone.”
“So it’s the network?”
“No.  It’s…”  Lily shook her head and realized that it would be best to just concede the details.  “Sure.  It’s something like that.  But the phone company can’t do anything about it.”
“Well, whatever it is, the lady I was dealing with was sure rude.  Never got her name but she was supposedly transferring me to someone else.”
On behalf of her mother, Lily accepted James Wilks.  Margaret was introduced to Cameron Gordon, from Christchurch New Zealand.  Looking at her own phone, Lily was introduced to Zackary Greenburg, from New York City.  In each of her hands was a smiling man, one some thirty years older than the other, both demanding acceptance.
“Did you fix it?” Margaret asked expectantly.
“It’s not something I can fix.  It must be some sort of glitch with the app.”  Lily then had an idea and put down her own phone.  Margaret could see that she seemed to be on to something.  
“What are you doing?”
“I’m checking for an update.”  And surely enough, an update for uCupid was waiting to be installed, available as of that very morning.  It would ‘correct a previously unresolved error.’  She started the download.
“Did you fix it?”
There were several things that Lily could and likely should have said at that moment, but she instead declined comment and watched a blue mealworm bar grow beneath the uCupid icon.  While waiting, she did the same on her own phone.  Thirty seconds later, the installation was complete.  The background to the uCupid icon changed from sky-blue to a creamy mint.   She tapped the screen of Margaret’s phone to load the new-and-improved uCupid.  “I think it’s good now.”
You have 2321 new uCupid matches.  Please accept.
Margaret asked: “What does that say?”
Lily only shook her head.  She then accepted.  The screen changed to a map of the world and for a couple of seconds nothing happened.  A spinning circle of spokes at the top of the screen informed her that patience was needed.  And then a barrage of cheerful pink tags descended onto the planet as if it was an alien offensive pummeling the planet’s major cities and lesser towns.  This storm of markers didn’t seem to end.  Lily picked up her phone and the same thing was happening, the entire planet’s surface now obscured behind an incessant flurry of falling tags.  Margaret asked what was going on and Lily said nothing, looking back and forth between each screen.  After more than a minute, the bombardment on Margaret’s phone concluded.  Only the oceans remained untouched.  The rest of the Earth was covered with dense layers of overlapping pink markers like fish scales.  Tapping anywhere on the screen revealed another future lover.  When Margaret asked what happened, Lily shrugged and passed the phone over.
“So it’s fixed?”
“I don’t know what’s going on.”
Margaret’s phone then buzzed in her hand.  You have 2 new uCupid matches.  Please accept. “I don’t think it’s fixed,” she said.
Lily looked at her own phone, which had successfully installed the new version of uCupid and was now informing her that she had 8365 new uCupid matches.   As she hesitated to accept, the number jumped and the phone buzzed to inform her of the change.  8367 new uCupid matches.  Please accept.  8368 new uCupid matches.  Please accept.  8370 new uCupid matches.  Please accept.  8371 new uCupid matches.  Please accept.  Incoming call from Dad.
“Hi, Dad,” Lily said, fully expecting him to begin with something along the lines of—
“There’s something wrong with that program of yours on my phone.”
“I know.  It’s happening to me and Mom as well.  I don’t know what’s going on.”
“Is she there right now?” Bob asked.  “Then can you ask her where she put the steam cleaner?  I’ve been looking for the damned thing all morning and I can’t find it.”
Lily wished that she hadn’t been honest about her mother’s presence.
“Is that your father?” Margaret asked.
Lily nodded.  “Dad wants to know where the steam cleaner is.”
“The steam cleaner?  What does he want that for?”
“I don’t know.  He just asked where it is.”
“Tell him it’s in the storage locker.”
“She says it’s in the storage locker.”
Bob expected this: “It’s not in the damn storage locker.  Where do you think I’ve been looking all morning?”
“He says it’s not in the storage locker.”
“Well, that’s where it should be.  I didn’t use it without him.”
“She says that’s where it should be.”
“Ask her if she lent it to someone.”
Lily said, like a sigh molded into words: “I don’t want to get into this right now.”
“What is he saying?” Margaret asked.  “He thinks I lent it to someone, doesn’t he?  He always thinks that.  Tell him that I haven’t used it in months.”
Lily nodded.  She said into the phone, “Mom says she’ll call you back in a few minutes,” and then hung up.
“I never said that.”
“You can talk to him about steam cleaners on your own.”
“Well, there’s nothing to say to him about it.”
“Good.”  Lily then turned off her phone and slid it across the coffee table.  She looked at the television, which now displayed only a black screen and a message informing viewers that the channel was available via a paid subscription.  Having been left to her own devices for the last several minutes, Tegan was overjoyed.  Lily watched Tegan as she held the remote to the window and pressed a button with her thumb, demanding that something happen with the blinds.  The channel changed to a Punjabi talk show.  Lily plucked the remote out from her daughter’s hands and changed the channel to the local news.
She wouldn’t have to wait more than a minute.
“Some people have called it the Angry Birds of love.  It’s not only by far the most successful mobile application ever created by a local programmer, but one of the most downloaded apps of all time.  And now it seems to be going haywire.”
The majority of the report was devoted to clips of pedestrians in downtown Vancouver complaining about uCupid’s unrelenting announcements and absurd declarations.  Thousands of matches.  Some had more than ten thousand.  Many people admitted to having uninstalled the app.  The reporter described uCupid’s programmer, Xavier Dekker, as a “renowned recluse” whom the investigative team had been unable to contact.  A black and white photograph of Xavier that bore little resemblance to the man Lily had seen just a couple of weeks earlier filled the top right of the screen.
“Isn’t that David’s brother?” Margaret asked.
Lily nodded and sighed, knowing she’d told this to her mother several times before.
“Why don’t you call David?  Maybe he knows where his brother is and what’s going on?”
To this, Lily chuckled.  When Margaret asked what she found funny, Lily said that nothing was funny.  Just because someone laughs doesn’t mean they find something funny, she wanted to say.  Looking back at her phone, it now informed her that she had 8397 uCupid matches.  Please accept.
Josh Tanner, Jennifer Tilley, and Exponential Decay


The initial consensus concerning uCupid was that it had been hacked.  Some malicious group had infiltrated the server and corrupted the data.  It was no secret that great numbers of people blamed Xavier Dekker’s 99-cent app for ruining their lives.  Like the first law of thermodynamics, it seemed that the universe of relationships required perpetual balance; for every new marriage there was a new divorce.  It was only a matter of time before some disgruntled lover with an exceptional understanding of computer systems attempted to seek his or her revenge.  After all, uCupid was controlled by just one man, someone who had resisted all offers from once-lucrative dating websites to be brought under their tattered corporate umbrellas.  How long could Xavier fend off the millions (if not billions) of heartbroken?  There were rumors that it was these very same companies that were behind this, covertly courting the best hackers in the world to ruin uCupid’s immense database.  And in Xavier’s absence from the media, these conspiracies gained traction.  It wasn’t until two weeks after the uCupid update that Xavier left a plaintive message on his website.  It read:  The uCupid server has never been hacked.  All uCupid matches continue to be 99.97% accurate.  uCupid is flawless.
Through social media, the collective mood of uCupid users soured.  Although some assumed that Xavier’s message was also the result of a nefarious group, to many it now seemed that uCupid was just a scam, that people had only been buying into the hype.  When the reports of Xavier’s impending divorce became public, people saw this as both motive and proof.  The irony of the story was so deep it seemed profound—how could someone solve the conundrums of love and not last in a relationship himself?  Something was amiss.  And so a new theory became mainstream: Xavier Dekker couldn’t maintain his own marriage and so he yearned to manipulate the relationships of others, of everyone.  Religious groups that had rebuked uCupid for promoting homosexuality (as the program never explicitly asked users for their sexual preference and instead came to a conclusion based on their responses to other questions) now accused the app of advocating polygamy.  Conservative editorials would espouse a terrifying future where the very institution of marriage is rendered meaningless because of software like uCupid.  Xavier Dekker was no longer just a recluse but now a degenerate.  A twisted and perverse computer geek in hiding, a scared little boy.  One particularly nasty current-affairs talk-show host decreed that the maker of uCupid deserved harsh justice for his sociological experiment.  The world would not be any worse off should Xavier Dekker perish.  An American fatwa had been declared and no one seemed to complain.
But then like a dashing Hollywood hero, Joshua Tanner swooped in to save the day.
Josh Tanner filed for a divorce.
Although never confirmed, Josh Tanner was said to have had more than ten-thousand uCupid matches (Xavier knew the number to be closer to seven thousand), which meant that there were thousands of otherwise unknown women whose phones informed them—should they have the patience to look through their results—that they were ideally suited to be with one of the sexiest and wealthiest men alive.  While filming in London, away from his family, Josh Tanner found time to meet a different woman every night.  Sometimes two at the same time.  These smitten women would soon post stories and photographs and there was no denying what had happened.  They’d won the uCupid lottery.  Over the course of a single week, reports of his sexual conquests spread from blogs to tabloids to reputable news agencies.  Under the glaring, unrelenting limelight, Josh Tanner would declare that he was afflicted with a sexual disease; his life was one riddled with curses, not blessings.  And he blamed uCupid, describing it as a pusher for the addicted.  He called it the very antithesis of romance.  Seeking penance for his sins, the sexual conquistador told a television audience of hundreds of millions that technology and mathematics have no place in finding true love.  “uCupid finds mates, thousands of mates, but not a single soulmate.”  It was the tagline for uCupid’s demise.  uCupid became seen as something sleazy.  An app for promiscuous men.  People wore sky-blue pins on their lapels with a modified uCupid logo.  A bold, lowercase f rubbed up against the stout u and slender C to its left.  “F--- u Cupid,” it was meant to read.
As for Jennifer Tilley, although her marriage was still intact, most assumed that this was because of the unimaginable wealth of her husband’s family.  Her last two movies were dismal box office failures and she could no longer demand an exorbitant salary from producers.  She had acquired a taste for the super-rich life and could not go back.  Who needed a 99-cent app to be informed that marrying a billionaire had its perks?
After Joshua Tanner’s problems became public, sales of uCupid stumbled for the first time since its inception.  And then after another couple of weeks, they plummeted.  Not only that, but people deactivated their accounts at an increasing rate.  Within a week, the number of active uCupid users had fallen by half.  Seven days later, another 50% drop.   When describing the spectacular change in uCupid’s fortunes, journalists with a fetish for alliteration would speak of the “precipitous plunge” in sales or the “boisterous backlash” amongst users.  However, much to Xavier’s disappointment, none ever used what he figured was the most appropriate and telling description.  Whereas uCupid had once been exhibiting exponential growth, it was now illustrating exponential decay.  When graphed in Excel, the model was nearly perfect.  An R2 correlation of 0.8!  And yet writers didn’t understand these terms.  They claimed to be masters of language and yet couldn’t describe a basic, high school level mathematical function.  They were artists, not scientists.  They were the same people who thought the hyper-dimensional knots of human love could be untangled through emotion and poetry.
Fools.
If people were going to report on the rise and fall of uCupid, they should at least do so with the most appropriate terminology, Xavier figured: The Growth and Decay of uCupid.
The Last Chapter


To say that it had been raining was an understatement.  A great atmospheric river of cloud hauled a monsoon’s worth of moisture up to the Pacific Northwest in such a direct path that it seemed to have been following orders.  How else could something determined by chaos move with linear ferocity over great distances?  God was punishing his children for their sins.  “No more!” the sodden, woolen clouds expelled in submission as they exhausted themselves upon the denizens below.  For three days it rained without relent.  Umbrellas strained, revealing their ribs beneath the barrage of rain and wind.  Mounds of fallen leaves clogged the gutters and streets overflowed with the pooling ashen water that was heaved into angry tsunamis by passing cars and busses.  For three days it seemed impossible to be dry.  Condensation not only built up upon the walls and furniture of people’s homes, but it seemed to coalesce beneath one’s skin.  To be both warm and dry was impossible.
It had been raining, but now it had stopped.  David awoke to absolute silence.  No trickling.  No rustling.  No patter.  He opened the front door and could see the cosmos.  The sun wouldn’t rise for another couple of hours.  The trees were naked and shivered against the frigid breeze.  Above the rooftops and under the waning blue radiance of the moon, the mountains emerged from their chrysalis flaunting a horizontal snowline so crisp it appeared to be painted along the edge of a ruler.  Before walking to get his coffee, David sat on the front step and shivered.  The world was his for those few seconds.  The entire city had been wiped clean and would sparkle once again.  David watched the sunrise from his perch beside the living room window.  He could see the individual points of each of the thousands of frosted alpine evergreen trees.  When Nikolas descended the steps, one at a time, he opened the door only long enough to retrieve the newspaper.  He didn’t notice that the world had been reborn.  He took his seat at the kitchen table and read the headlines.  When Xavier left his room it was only to use the washroom.  The toilet flushed, the door opened, a figure shuffled across the shadowy hallway, and another door clicked shut.  David could make out the white wires of Xavier’s headphones running into his plaid pajama pockets.  Xavier couldn’t even turn off Metallica to take a piss.  This made David angry.  He wanted to charge up and throw open Xavier’s door.  David imagined wrestling the laptop out from his brother’s feeble grip before heaving him out of bed and onto the laminate flooring.   If Xavier protested, then David would hurtle him and his laptop down from the stairs.  He’d drag Xavier’s weak and beaten body out through the front door and point towards the North Shore Mountains with a beholden index finger.  Appreciate this, you fucking idiot!  Get off your fucking computer.
As David sat before his own laptop, he realized that there was irony to these thoughts and impulses.  He took this awareness as a sign of personal growth.  And he realized that he really had to find a new place to live.
By four in the afternoon the sun was already packing it in like a worker on Friday, slowly inching towards the exit as if not to be noticed.  David knew this could be the last time he’d see the sun for days.  Maybe weeks.  Perhaps climate change would send an endless barrage of rain unto this part of the world for thousands of years.  Anything seemed possible after those last few days.   He sat on the front step, waiting for the sun to depart.  Then he would walk down to the park and smoke a joint.  Then he would return home and pass out by eight in the evening.  It wasn’t an adventurous plan, but it was going to happen.  He was sure of that much.
Lily’s car pulled up to the curb.  She waved at him from the driver’s seat.  Tegan was in the back pulling at her socked feet.  When Lily unclipped Tegan and put her down onto the sidewalk, his daughter stumbled away onto the grass in her miniature rubber boots, arms out wide.  David’s heart began to race.  Was it his turn to take Tegan?  He had nothing planned.  There was hardly any food in the house.  Lily then said from across the front lawn: “Don’t worry, I know it’s not your turn.”
“Oh.” David shrugged.  It was no big deal, either way.
“You’re a difficult man to get a hold of.”  Lily smiled but sounded rattled.  She trailed a step behind Tegan, who staggered up the concrete walkway.  The corners of Lily’s eyes were pink and her lips tight.  She was acting, and her tight grin only reminded him of how terrible of an actor she was.  “Did you drop another phone into the ocean?”
“I’ve been leaving it off.  Too many calls about Xavier.  You didn’t work today?”
“I left early.  May I?” She motioned towards the top step beside David and took a seat.  Tegan charged forward with a joyous war cry and then fell onto her hands.  Unscathed and unfazed, she pushed herself back up and toddled at a more sensible pace towards the bottom step and David’s bare feet.  “She has no comprehension how terrible those smell,” Lily said.
“I think she likes it.”
“She’s not a cat.”
“She has cat-like tendencies.  She sure as hell used to sound like one.”  Tegan banged David’s big toes together and found this to be a cracking good game, judging from her breathy, wheezing laugh.  Thinking back to those endless evenings when Tegan was a colicky newborn felt not so much like a lifetime ago to David, but several lifetimes ago.  That was the eighteenth century.  Their house was lit by candles and kerosene.  Raw sewage ran down the gutters beneath their stoop.  And Tegan Ophelia Dekker suffered from the plight of being born, unfit for the rigors of life.
Tegan smiled at her father for no other reason than to see him smile back.  David looked over to Lily and wanted to ask her just what she was doing here.  But he had enough common sense to wait.
The door then opened, drawing both of their faces up.  It was Nikolas and he asked Lily what she was doing there.
She seemed lost for words and David answered on her behalf:  “She just had a few questions for me and thought I’d like to see Tegan.  That’s all.”
Nikolas nodded.  He looked at Tegan’s feet.  “Her boots are very muddy.  If she comes inside they must stay out here.”  He pointed to the mat at his feet.
“I don’t think Tegan’s staying here, but I’ll remember that.”
Nikolas nodded.  He then closed the door to ensure minimal heat loss.
Lily waited before asking, “How long have you been living here again?”
“Too long.”
She laughed and sniffled.  David looked over and Lily was trying to hold back tears.  He almost asked her what was wrong.  She then said, “Everything is so fucked up.”  She looked David in the eyes for only a second before shaking her head and apologizing for crying.
Tegan looked at her mother as if she might want to join in on the crying.  David pulled out the keys from his pocket and jingled them in the air for a second before tossing them onto the grass.  Tegan scurried towards them (like a cat, David thought).  He then looked back to Lily.  “What happened?”
Lily watched Tegan.  “You know what happened.”
“I don’t, actually.”
“Yes, you do, actually.  I know you do.  About uCupid.  You’ve known for months.  That’s why you moved out from Sandra’s place.”  She seemed annoyed that he wouldn’t admit it.  That was Lily.  When she was certain about something, she was certain about something.  At times it was maddening.  Right then, it was endearing because she was correct.  “Your little comment about Scott being one in three thousand?  I didn’t forget that.”
“Did I say that?”
“Yes you did.”
David nodded.  “It’s probably more like one in ten thousand, now.”
“You’re getting warmer.”
“But it’s not a scam, you know.  No matter what people say, it’s not that uCupid lies to you.  It’s just giving people the truth.  Like Xavier always says, uCupid is—”
“Flawless.  Yes, yes, yes.  I know.”
“Then what happened?”
Lily shrugged and exhaled a long sigh that morphed into a groan.  “It’s different.  Scott and I both agree.  Something’s different.”
“Are you…”  David hoped that Lily would fill in the blank for him.  “Are you still getting…”
“Married?  I don’t know.  It all seems fucked.  This entire year seems fucked.  Supposedly there is a guy who lives just five blocks away who’s perfect for me.  Five blocks.”
“So it’s a commute thing?”
“How can you make jokes right now?”
“I’m thirty-seven and living with my brother and father.  Making jokes is a necessity.”
Lily not only laughed, but she seemed surprised that she was capable of laughter at that moment.  It was a small discovery that meant a lot for an instant.  Like finding a twenty-dollar bill in an old pair of jeans.  She sniffled and looked at David.  She was either going to say something or break down into tears.  She then said, “So why don’t you come home then?”  She watched Tegan bash the car keys into her rubber boots.
David resisted looking over.  Tegan’s assault on his car keys required his undivided attention.  He wasn’t even sure if he’d heard Lily correctly.  “What do you mean?”
“Do I really have to be more clear?”
“What about Scott?”
“Scott is,” Lily seemed unable to complete that sentence.  “Scott is just as unsure about everything as I am.”
“You two were happy together.”
“And you and Sandra were happy together.”
“So, why are we doing all of this, then?”
“Is that rhetorical?”
“I don’t even know.”  David stood up and walked towards Tegan.  “What are your parents doing?”
“Oh, nothing’s changed for them.   I don’t think they really understand what happened with uCupid.   And as much as I find it hard to admit, they’re both much happier apart.  Giles is a great guy who does all the things that my Mom wants to do.  And Gale gets my Dad to leave the house without it feeling like a chore.  Bob actually rode a bike with her along the seawall.  I can’t even picture that.  I’ve never seen either of them happier.”
“Bob rode a bicycle?”
“So he says.”
“I have a picture in my mind of an old circus with—”
“A clown riding a miniature bike.  Yeah.  I know.”
David looked up to the house and its heavy drawn blinds.  “Xavier installed uCupid on my Dad’s computer, but I don’t think he’s ever really used it.  Maybe he should.”
“No offense, but I don’t know if there’s someone out there for him.”
“I’m sure there are thousands.  Xavier assured me that no one has less than a few thousand.  No one.”  Tegan carried David’s keys onto the grass and towards one of the basement windows.  David sat back down on the top step beside Lily.  The sky above the mountains was already navy.  It wasn’t even half past four.  Time was moving far too quickly.  A few clouds had gathered at their peaks.  Tomorrow the mountains would be gone.  He’d be living on an overcast Venus.  A child in Bradbury’s All Summer in a Day.  “I don’t want to wait another seven years.”
“What are you talking about?”
David shook his head.  “Do you miss Scott?”
“Shit, David.  Why do you have to ask these things?”
“Do you?”
“I do.”
“And I miss Sandra.  So what’s our problem then?”
“Because I found you.” Lily said. “I found you at Gillian’s party, which I only went to because—”
“Your apartment didn’t have power.”
Lily snickered.  “Yeah.  It was my discovery.  It was my random chance.  Doesn’t that mean something?”
“I don’t think we can just ignore that last year of our lives.”
“I’m not saying we should do that.  I’m just asking if you want to come home.”
The door opened behind them.  Lily rushed to wipe her eyes and David turned around.  Xavier stood with the door open the width of his glasses.  “Oh,” he then said, as if not realizing that there were a couple of people out on the front step.
“Hey, Xavier.”  David was unashamed of his glazed eyes (which was a look that David sported quite frequently in the evenings).
“What are you two doing?  It’s cold out.”
“We’re just talking,” David said.
“You don’t even have socks on.”
“I won’t be out long.”
“Our father says that Tegan will need a complete change of clothes if she’s coming in.”
“I don’t think she’s coming in, Xavier.”
“She’s really wet.”
“I know, but we’re not going to bring her inside.”
“Oh.  Okay.”  Xavier surveyed what he could through those five inches between the edge of the door and the surrounding frame.  He then retreated a step and pushed it shut.
“Jesus,” Lily squawked into her palm.  “You live with that and Nikolas?”
“He’s a little socially awkward.”
“How do you stay sane?”
“I fantasize about pummeling him to death several times a day.”
“I don’t think that’s really a sign of sanity, David.”
“But he’s not a bad person, though.  And he’s definitely not evil.”
“What about—”
“I know what you’re going to say, but the truth is a little different than what I’ve let you believe.  I don’t want to get into it now.”  David’s assertiveness barred Lily from asking anything more about the topic.  He sighed and added: “These last few months have been good for me, in many ways.”
“I don’t know how you do it.”
David shrugged.  “Sometimes life is its own penance.”
“What does that mean?”
“I’m not sure, actually.”
Lily gripped David’s left hand.  “Are you really going to make me ask you a third time?”
He squeezed her fingers. “No.”
“No, what?”
“I won’t make you ask me a third time.  I do want to come back home.”  He let go of her hand.  “I just don’t know if I should.”
“You have to seek permission?”
David didn’t answer.
Lily said, “Look, I’m so sorry for what happened.”
“Don’t apologize.  It’s not your fault.  We both did this.”
“But I started it.”
“But you didn’t.  We both did.”  David swung his feet off the side of the steps and leaned over to pull Tegan away from the basement window that she’d begun banging.  He could only imagine what Nikolas would do should he notice this.  Once up in the air, Tegan clung onto his shoulders.  Standing barefoot on the grass, David could feel his body sink into the sodden earth with each step.  This truly was becoming Nikolas’s worst nightmare: now two Dekkers soiled.  There really was no going back.  “I want a lot of things, Lil.  I want out of here.  I want to see Tegan more.  And I want to go back to the way things were.”
Lily sputtered a single snicker through her tight lips.  “Then what’s the problem?”
“Because I don’t think that’s possible.  I don’t think we can just ignore this last year.  It’s done.  It’s happened.  There’s no going back.   I don’t think we can just depress the reset toggle and start over.”
“What?” Lily laughed at David’s choice of words.  “What’s a reset toggle?”
“It’s an Atari 2600 reference—never mind.  Like I said, I want out of here.”
“Don’t you think we can make it work?”
David shook his head.  “I don’t know.”
“Don’t you think we were happy together?”
“I don’t know.”
Lily sighed.  She’d long ago given up on holding back her tears.  “Don’t you want to take a chance?”
David chose to say nothing.  Lily’s question was an insinuation, as if the answer was obvious.  Lumbering sandpaper footsteps lured David’s attention.  A young man in a gaudy gold and silver embossed hoodie strolled past Nikolas’s house.  Gothic lettering ran down each arm.  Making eye contact with David, he then nodded and muttered a noncommittal, “Hey.”  
David nodded with a grimaced smile in reply.
The moment the young man was out of view, Lily tried to contain what would have otherwise been a loud and obnoxious chuckle.  “Do you know that guy?”
“Just kinda.”
“What does that mean?”
“I might have bought weed from him a couple of times.”
“Moving back here really has done wonders for you, hasn’t it?”
“Look, if you lived with my dad and my brother, you’d resort to some pretty crazy things, as well.”
Lily stood up and trudged across the spongy grass towards David.  Somehow she found a way to laugh once again even though her eyes and cheeks were swollen from tears.  Tegan reached out towards her mother with both arms and David granted his daughter this wish.  Lily kissed the feathery hair on Tegan’s head and then looked back up to David as if to say something.  But she said nothing.  She looked utterly exposed, he thought.  Her hair was drawn back tight.  Any make-up she might have once applied had long ago washed away.  The starburst wrinkles radiating from the corners of her eyes glistened.  He’d first met her at that house party when she was not even thirty.  Together, she never seemed to change.  But now she’d aged as if seven years had passed by in one fell swoop.  He could begin to see how she’d look in another ten and then twenty and then thirty years.  How the wells beneath her eyes would deepen and droop.  How her cheeks would speckle with curled cherry veins as thin as hairs.  How the knobs of her cheekbones would drown beneath flaccid tissue.  How the skin behind her chin would tire and slacken, no matter how many yoga classes she’d attend.  She would be the Lily he first met at Gillian’s house party, but made of wax and left in the summer sun for days.  He could see how Lily would become older with both grace and denial.  He could see just the first moments of this, foreshadows of the second half of her life.  He could see how one day Tegan would discover a photograph of Lily from when she was travelling the world—when she was in Cambodia, or India, or Kenya, or Turkey.  Tegan would be amazed by how beautiful her mother was.  And David knew that he wanted to be there when his daughter found these.  He wanted to show Tegan all the sides of her mother, before and after, old and young, rational and irrational, euphoric and depressed.  Of all the people in this world, David figured that he best knew all these polarities and contradictions.  Not a single other person—all seven billion plus of them—understood Lily like he did.  What were the chances of that?  They each had thousands of ideal uCupid mates, but only David and Lily knew one another with such depth.  And so, fuck those five thousand perfect matches, David thought.  Fuck them and their innate ability to bring out the best in someone.  Fuck them for always knowing what to say and when to say it (and when not to say it).  Fuck them for never making a mistake.  Fuck them for having only smooth curves and rounded corners, nothing pointy, nothing jagged, nothing rusting, nothing that pierces.
Lily watched as tears rolled down into David’s unkempt beard.  His lips formed a conniving grin.
“What?” Lily asked.
“Fuck ‘em,” David said, his coarse words sounding like poetry to his ears. 
“What?”
David kissed Lily, certain that neither Scott Hunter nor Sandra Rojas would ever use those two words to express love.  They would say the right thing.  They would say what needed to be said.  uCupid was without flaws, yes, yes, yes—but David knew that both he and Lily were riddled with them.  He said, triumphant: “Fuck ‘em all.”
The Epilogue


Xavier Dekker had grown bored with uCupid long before he took its servers offline.  Xavier Dekker had grown bored with uCupid long before he knew whom Joshifer Tannley referred to (and long before the seminal nouveau-punk band The Angry Birds of Love formed in Portland, Oregon).  For much of his adult life, Xavier Dekker yearned to solve a problem and now that problem was now solved.  There was no point in relishing in its solution.  After that moment of elation—the purest form of creation, to find the answer to a question—there was nothing to do but move on.  It was in our nature.  If the human race merely chose to dwell on its successes then we would have never escaped the Serengeti.  We would have sparked that first fire into existence and then watched as the entire world burned down before our dumbstruck eyes.  But no.  Xavier knew that great men, like himself, always moved on.  It was in his DNA.  Moving onwards was akin to breathing.
Well, moving on in a metaphorical sense.  Physically, Xavier Dekker decided to stay-put with his father.  There didn’t seem to be a pressing need to leave.  He never cared for the clean lines and luminous open spaces of his downtown condominium.  He had no need for a sweeping breakfast bar.  He disliked that nine-foot-high wall of sea-foam glass.  Replace the curtain of windows with an insulated wall and people wouldn’t have to pay half as much for their heating.  Sitting in his old bedroom, he liked the fact that the window was less than a square meter in area.  A room, by definition, was a place to be separated from the rest of the world, not to be exhibited as if in a zoo.  In Nikolas Dekker’s house, no one was on display.  In Nikolas Dekker’s house, a man could die and not be found for years.  It was exactly what Xavier sought, a place to detach from the rest of the world and yet remain in orbit, secured with a long tether.  Nikolas would sit by the kitchen table and read the paper.  Xavier would sit on his bed with his laptop.  Entire days could pass with less than a dozen words exchanged.  It was a stucco-clad fortress of solitude.  It only made sense for Xavier to stay.
Although offered substantial sums of money from online dating services, Xavier wanted nothing to do with them.  He did not need the money.  And he most definitely was not willing to grant access to his enormous database of information.  The sheer magnitude of personal information that he’d gleaned from hundreds of millions of people from across the world was invaluable.  This was what people wanted from him and this was what he would never give up.  Those terabytes of information were his true riches (although the more formal form of wealth proved to be quite welcome, as well).  With his money, Xavier could do many things.  But with his data, Xavier felt he could do anything.  Pretentious social science graduates would talk of finding ways of making an unjust world a better place… and then serve food and drinks for ridiculous tips.  But Xavier really could make the world a better place.  He’d already solved love.  He now had the rest of his life to see what other problems could be conquered for a mere 99-cent user fee.
Finding the right career seemed to be a natural place to start.  Xavier spent more than a decade of his life developing videogame titles for a sport he cared nothing about.  And for most of those years, he assumed that this was all he would ever do.  He almost convinced himself that he enjoyed the profession.  If he could find someone the perfect mate(s), then it seemed relatively simple for him to find someone the perfect career(s).  Death threats would not be a problem; surely a user wouldn’t descend into a fury if told that he was meant to be an electrician, not a doctor.  Xavier figured he could make this app free for anyone under the age of twenty.  Then students would realize there was no future for them in anthropology or criminology or psychology or archeology.  Save teenagers tens-of-thousands of dollars in future debt.  It would be his great service to the modern economy.
Gwen remained steadfast in her commitment to Shawn Tillman, and even though Xavier was certain that it was a mistake, he finalized his divorce.  Gwen was going to remarry.  Xavier had no problems giving her more than half of his wealth.  He didn’t even have (much of) a problem knowing that Shawn Tillman would be granted access to these riches.  It was just that he knew it was wrong.  There was literally less than a 1% probability of their relationship lasting more than a year.  Xavier wished he could tell her this.  But he signed the many papers without a fight or trial.  Shawn and Gwen’s wedding was planned for the coming summer.  Xavier knew what would happen.  He knew that it would fall through before the ceremony.  He knew that Gwen would call him to say that she was getting cold feet.  That it just wasn’t working.   That she couldn’t put Samantha through another divorce.  And when that call finally came a month before the wedding date, Xavier felt no urge to gloat or say, “I told you so.”  He couldn’t say that.  He never told her that Shawn Tillman was a terrible match.  He never told her anything.  As far as Gwen was aware, uCupid was flawed.  She told him that she wanted to focus on Samantha.  She told him that she wanted to focus on her triathlon training.  And she told him that she was sorry for what had happened.  When Xavier hung up the phone, he felt a great sense of relief.  He was right.  Less than a 1% chance, indeed.
The day after that, he signed into uCupid as a user for the first time.  Although he was the only active uCupid client in the world, he still had access to the entire database.  173 million people at his disposal.   He skipped the profile picture (a perk of being the programmer) and answered the first five questions:
Do you sleep in pajamas?
How truthful are you to your dentist about your flossing routine?
Do you have any pets?
How confident of a swimmer would you describe yourself to be?
Have you ever made your own pair of “cut-off” shorts?
Xavier then waited a day until being informed of his next five.  He didn’t have to, of course.  The five-question daily limit was arbitrary.  Should people have had the patience to sit through hundreds of questions in one sitting, matches could be found in less than an hour.  But Xavier knew that users wanted to feel that the calculations taking place were too numerous and complex to be completed with brevity.  Users wanted there to be time spent on them.  And now Xavier was the user.  He was alerted to his next set of questions an hour before he’d normally awake.  Half asleep, he reached over to his phone.  He did not particularly enjoy the season of autumn.  He drank tap water if it had been previously chilled in a fridge.  He had rented a steam cleaner only once.  He did not enjoy camping.  He cut his toenails about once a month.  The subsequent questions were sent the following afternoon while he assisted Nikolas with installing a new hot water tank.  Xavier had to wait until the evening to give his responses.  He slept with his bedroom door closed.  He always flushed the toilet after using it.  When cleaning dishes, he preferred a sponge instead of a washcloth.  He most definitely could locate the capital of Australia on a map.  And he rated shellfish a 2 on a scale of 1 (utterly dislike) to 5 (utterly love).
One Sunday afternoon when David had come by with Tegan, Xavier’s phone chirped to announce the day’s uCupid survey.  David asked Xavier if he was now using his own product, to which Xavier curtly denied doing any such thing.  Xavier claimed it was some new app he was working on.  David didn’t ask any more questions (because he knew that Xavier was lying) and Xavier felt certain that his lie had worked (because David didn’t ask any more questions).  Before David drove home, he said to Xavier: “uCupid was a good app, you know.  It really was flawless.”  Xavier reacted as if he had no idea why David would suddenly bring up such a topic.  He said that he knew this, of course.  There was no need to tell him such things.  David smiled and walked down those three front steps.  He turned and said, “Your secrets have always been safe with me, Zave.  Don’t you worry.”
The last selection of uCupid questions that Xavier would answer were as follows:
How often do you drink wine with dinner?
Do you throw out a ceramic plate upon noticing a chip?
Is there a fire extinguisher in your house?
Have you ever sanded your patio furniture?
Do you believe in the existence of ghosts?
uCupid knew all of Xavier’s responses before he’d answered a single one.  Of course he didn’t drink wine with dinner.  Why would he throw out a perfectly good plate just because of a small chip?  Home insurance demanded there to be a fire extinguisher on the premises.  He didn’t even have any patio furniture, let alone the need to sand anything.  And don’t be silly about ghosts.  uCupid had long known Xavier Dekker better than Xavier Dekker knew Xavier Dekker, which he accepted as a given but also realized to be ironic, considering that Xavier Dekker was the person who made the program that knew more about Xavier Dekker than Xavier Dekker.  He couldn’t know, however, that these were his final questions.  It was taking so long for a match to be found that he’d begun to worry that there was a problem with the database.  He was tempted to log into the server with administration privileges.  But he would not cheat.  He would not check.  And while driving home from the grocery store with a month’s worth of food for both him and his father, Xavier Dekker was informed.  His uCupid match had been found.  Please accept.  Wary of using any mobile device while driving, he waited until he’d pulled up onto Nikolas’s driveway, until he’d carried all the bags inside, until he’d assisted his father in putting everything away, until he could ascend those steps to the second floor, until he closed the bedroom door behind him.  He was ashamed of himself.  His heart was racing as he stared upon the throbbing and flushed accept button.  He was a magician falling for his own trick.  His body shouldn’t have been reacting like this.  He pressed his index finger onto the screen to grant permission.  The screen went black.  A series of gray-scaled spokes twirled in the center to assure users that something was happening.  A map of the world was then displayed with only verdant greens and clear-sky blues.  A pink marker fell from the heavens and stabbed into the Earth without the slightest sound.  Xavier’s hands shook and he had to lay down the phone on his unmade bed.  A single pink marker.  A single uCupid match.
It wasn’t possible.
Her name was Claudia Schofield.  She lived in Johannesburg, South Africa.

*  *  *

It takes close to a thousand hours to plan, write, and edit a novel.  If you enjoyed this novel, please consider writing a review for it.  It really helps independent authors get noticed.  Thank you.

Rudolf Kerkhoven’s website: http://rudolfkerkhoven.com

Rudolf Kerkhoven on Twitter: https://twitter.com/BownessBooks

Click here to sign up for email updates on new releases and preview editions: http://eepurl.com/I_fsv 

Click here for other books by Rudolf Kerkhoven

 
