Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

The Long Slog Back

by: Jonathan Antony Strickland


Through the light breeze and cold dark night, senseless questions raged. And mixed up within these questions were incomplete sentence's, words and pictures too distorted and grey to make any sense of. All these things swam through the night's air with the same kind of ferocity a shark can possess when it has sensed a helpless prey struggling close by and makes ready for the kill.    

For far too long had its mind been shrouded in a network of past images, made from old memories that spilled out of a brain, ripped and torn to shreds, until only a deep and bitter madness made it function at all. 

It had not always been this way though; for once the brain had functioned strong and true. Clear in thought, sharp in response, deadly in action. Now however, things were a lot different. Even on the first night of the first month did the brain struggle with it's one and only purpose. Trying desperately to remember what drove it, what had made it the way it was, until at last a clear picture would form. The picture of the girl in the pink dress. And although the brain had forgotten it's true reason, on this night (the first night of the month) things would always became clearer, though never ever revealing all but giving it something of a memory nonetheless. And brushing aside some of the cobwebs that covered its age old thoughts of a past long since forgotten, it knew that at all costs the girl in the pink dress MUST BE STOPPED!

...............

PART 1

THE DAME, THE DEMON, AND THE DICKHEAD

"...Galileo Figaro, Magnifico O O O O O O, I’m just a poor boy, nobody loves me...", sang Ned Fragillpot in his head as he took step after swaggering step down the long badly lit road. Yep, for young Ned it had been a good night indeed in the city of Durham, helping his best mate Richard Pontopping celebrate his 21st birthday party.

Then again, every night was a good night when him and Rich got together for a good old booze up. Rich and Ned had been friends for as long as the pair could remember, though their parents claimed that they’d first met in 84, aged four, when each had started nursery school. Since the two families lived close to one another the two young lads played regularly together, becoming best friends in no time at all.  In this adolescent period they’d play all types of boyish games together, which to the two young lads always seemed to involve crazy bone shattering stunts not for the faint of heart, though in reality they mainly ended in little injury with the odd knee or elbow being mercilessly stripped of skin. They learnt to swear, sharing any new word (even if the meaning at the time was not clear) with each other and having deep psychological discussions on subjects ranging from how to send a rocket to the moon and just what made girls and really brainy lads so crap at football.  

Insane bets and daredevil dares that could involve cruel boyish pranks on other kids, adults, or even on occasion one another, were also a favourite pastime for the two young scoundrels. In fact, still to this day would Rich take great pleasure in bragging to anyone who brought up old childhood stories (a common occurrence shared in all pubs when old familiar drunken heads get back together and remember the innocent days when childhood dreaming seemed forever) of how he'd tricked his best mate on his seventh birthday to eat seven magical sweets. And how Ned's poor mother and father had panicked when the young lad had arrived back from playtime with a face swelled up like a giant red balloon. Rich would also brag about how they’d never got him to tell what the magic sweets had actually been that he'd used to trick poor young Ned into eating. And that was even after stinky Sue (who had been playing close by at the time) had claimed to have seen on that very day, young Richy capturing honey bees in a jam-jar.  

As they’d grown up, and boy had slowly turned to man, the silly pranks and japes had lessened, instead to be replaced with smoking fags, going out on double dates with any pretty young girls they could pull, but more importantly downing pints of beer in one another’s company, then throwing up outside several hours later when each had drank his fill.

Drinking was most important of all. And if their friendship did need cementing any further (which it didn’t) it came on the night when the two had first entered into the "Black Pig", a pub which would soon become their local. Here they drank their first proper pint in one another’s company. A once in a lifetime experience, an experience that would make them beer-brothers forever.

"Were the hell had that shithead buggered off to!" thought Ned, remembering seeing Rich last on the disco floor, dancing like a wild one while simultaneously trying to cop off with a buxom brunette who looked old enough to be his mother.

"Dirty useless bastard, bet he’ll regret it in the morning though the filthy sod", Ned thought with a half turned smile on his face. The annoying thing for Ned was that he'd planned to get a taxi back with Rich later in the night having missed the last bus by several hours and only having enough change left in his wallet from the nights beer guzzling exploits to get him a kick up the arse and a slap in the mouth from a pissed off driver who'd want ten times the amount to travel back to his home town.

Tremwell, nine and a half miles out from Durham, and without the money to get his self back to it, Ned found himself walking the long slog back.

It was not the first time Ned had walked back from Durham. In fact in the last six months he'd probably walked it four or five times under similar circumstances, though always with Rich who'd be as skint as him at the end of a nights good drinking.

Still, with a belly full of beer the walk never seemed that bad. Though he'd miss the pointless conversation from Rich which could involve anything from alien invaders to chimpanzees with aluminous purple arseholes that Richy would have read something about in that magazine he'd always take far too seriously.

Ned tried to remember the name of the mag as his shoes kicked up small clouds of dirt and a light breeze flowed at a steady pace through the cold night's air making bushes and trees rustle their leaves on the edge of the road side.

"Strange and Unusual Investigations, or some-it of the sort", he said out loud remembering something of the title of the magazine. It didn’t matter anyway, and soon his thoughts began to drift in totally different directions before he once again went back to singing a song in his head to pass some more time.

...............

Ned had been walking nearly half an hour now and he was beginning to get hungry.  Not only that but a familiar pain in both feet was starting. He knew from past experience that the cause of the pain was brought on by his best pair of super shiny black polished nightclubbing shoes that were designed to catch the eyes of lovely ladies and not for trekking miles down hard concrete paths in the middle of the night.  But as he marched quickly along he suddenly remembered the small amount of loose change still in his pocket as it beat out a tireless (almost indiscernible) jingle. He knew that another ten more minutes walking would bring him to that old dusty garage that seemed strange and spooky on the outside (what with it being situated in the middle of nowhere in particular) but on the inside it was another story, for on the inside cheap tasty crisps could be obtained, and best of all, large chunky king size snickers which only this night Ned had proclaimed king of the chocolate bars, beating down the pathetic argument Rich had put forward that the sad and miserable king size mars was the daddy for true chocoholics. The very idea!

"Mars...smarse", said Ned with a sneer as a quick happy skip was added to his step at the thought of the oncoming goodies. 

...............

"......bastards", said Ned angrily. "Bastard twatting, fucking twatting, twatting fucking, fucking fucKING BASTARDS", he said for the seventeenth consecutive time as he kicked the garage door.

"Just my fucking luck!”

Ned and Rich on their previous walks had often popped into the garage for snacks and pop when walking back from Durham, no matter what time of night. And even when they had not fancied anything, the garage lights had been on and the old strange looking garage attendant with the evil glass eye would be inside. His one good eye eerily following all who dared pass by his shop.
  

"SID, ARE YOU THERE?" shouted Ned.  

During their visits to the garage they had got to know Sid quite well and although he looked like the kind of fellow who would rip out your spleen for a laugh and a giggle, in reality he was really quite nice. Indeed on one such occasion when Ned and Rich had not had enough money for the pop they’d bought to quench their alcoholic stone dried throats, Sid had told them it was O.K, giving them the pop and telling them to pay next time they ventured along.

Then Ned noticed the sign in the window and he frowned as he read: "SICK, BORED AND PISSED OFF. GONE ON HOLIDAY TO SUNNY BARRBADDOS TO NAIL SOME SKIRT. BACK IN TWO WEEKS.”

"Arseholes", he said beneath his breadth.

...............

"Hmmmm nnnmmmm mmmm", hummed Ned through gritted teeth as he stormed down the road in the foulest of moods.  He knew that until he reached the borders of Tremwell, his surroundings would remain the same. Dull yellow street lights lighting along a stretch of road every twenty metres (though quite often a lights bulb would have expired and the road would be plunged into pitch black) with trees and bushes lining the sides and occasionally spreading out onto the road were no doubt some lazy council bastard had skimped on the pruning. What with no food, no drink, painful feet, and the knowledge of another two and a half hours of walking yet to do, things were bad enough. Worse of all though was the boredom, and even the small pleasure of singing a favourite song in ones head had lost its appeal. And even though he had always been a great lover of music, spending many long hours in his council flat listening to tapes, either bought, borrowed or copied over, the mood that now presented itself to him was not one that favoured the finer arts of listening.  And as for the tune he hummed, it was nothing more than some spur of the moment dirge he'd unwaringly dragged up from one of those nasty little hidden places within the brain. 

...............

Since leaving the garage, Ned had been walking for forty or so minutes and had made good progress.  Even his feet had stopped aching these last twenty minutes, instead being replaced by a warm numbing feeling, caused by the exertion of the walk.

He remained however in a foul mood, and in all truth under the circumstances he found himself in, he was quite happy to remain that way.  The anger driving him onwards towards home sweet home and a nice warm comfy bed.

When suddenly, SPLATTTTTT, SPLODGE!!!!!! 

"OR BASTARD", he cried out loud as he planted his right foot firmly in the deep dark puddle.  Quickly he pulled his foot out, making a shlucking noise, as foot left shoe, and shoe remained in puddle.

Ned's arms flailed in mid air as he hopped about trying to keep his balance on his left leg.

"Whooah....whoa...steady...steady...stead..............WHOOOOOOOAAAAAAAHHHHHHH", he cried as he felt his left leg fail him. There followed an almighty splash as he landed painfully on his backside, smack bang in the middle of the puddle.

"Orrr, I don't believe...I mean come on, give me a break God damn it...Give a guy a fucking break will ya, you fucking fucking", then Ned looked up into the pitch black night and simultaneously while shaking his fist angrily upwards, cried out through bared teeth: "BASTARRRRRRRRD".

And then he heard something that made the heckles stand up on the back of his neck. Somebody, hidden by the darkness about him was giggling.

No doubt whoever it was had found Ned's small accident amusing and was now having a good old chuckle at his expense. But the fact remained that in the middle of nowhere, on a cold almost constantly deserted road, Ned was being watched.

Ned took a deep gulp, swallowing the cold saliva that had flooded his mouth as his jaw hung open in shock before exclaiming in a low pitched controlled and threatening voice, "Who's there?"

Instantly the giggling stopped and Ned found himself gazing about wildly at his surroundings.  He still sat in the puddle, his pants now wet through, but this (for the moment) was the least of his worries as images of psycho's, perverts and axe wielding midgets flashed through his minds eye. And normally a terrified Ned at this point would be shitting big castle sized bricks, but with the courage water he'd consumed from earlier in the night still bouncing about his system he jumped quickly to his feet and headed with two clenched fists into the bushes were he had heard the laughter coming from. 

...............

Through bushes and trees Ned ran after the black silhouette that had taken flight as soon as he'd entered into them, in search of whoever had been spying on him. This was no mean feat in the near pitch black night as the light cast off by the tall roadside lights grew dimmer and dimmer the deeper the chase went into the undergrowth. But Ned was faster than the individual he pursued and was soon within metres of catching up.  

Then as he was about to make a lunge, the shade in front of him gave a cry and fell to the ground in a crumpled heap. It lay there, silent, in the cold night air as Ned stood above it. Both breathed heavily and Ned guessed it was gazing at him as he was at it, and although Ned knew that from the outline of blackness he had chased that the thing was at least human, the blackness obscured all features so he had no idea as to what the person he looked upon, looked like.

"What you doing...(puff). What you doing watching me...(pant). Who the hell do you think you are...(gasp)...laughing at me and running off like that", gasped Ned.

"Well what do you expect you nutter (sniff). Charging and hollowing like some escaped lunatic (sniff sniff). What the hell do you expect me to do, stand still and (sniff) let you beat me up just cause I laughed at you". The voice was high pitched, fast and frightened.  In places it shook as though the individual that delivered it was about to burst into tears, but most noticeable to Ned was that the voice was female.

"I'm sorry...err pet, I didn’t mean to frighten ya like. Ar thought you was some nutcase yourself. Up to no good. A mugger or some’it like."

"Do I look like a bleeding nutter."

"No of cause not", said Ned, who in truth had no idea whether the lass did or didn’t.

"Anyway", said Ned "what the hell were you doing hiding in the bushes like that?  I mean what's a guy to think!"

"I heard you coming down the road", the voice said, replacing the fear that had earlier tinged it with a sharp angry vibe. It continued, saying: "How should I know who you are?  You might be a rapist or a bleeding nutcase yourself!" 

"Listen, I'm sorry.  Let me help you up” and reaching out his hand he pulled the girl to her feet. "Erm, you err, you must be going to Tremwell as well then, eh.  Let me accompany you back pet, I promise I'm no nutcase, or out else of the sort."

"No no.  Thanks all the same", she replied "but I'm quite all right."

"Ah howay man, I'm a lot less bother than ya think, and besides on a cold dark night like this I need a big strong lass like you to protect little-ol me".

The girl gave a small sigh, then said:  "I really don't know, I err, I like walking alone and..."

"Well it's up to you but you don't no what your missing", said Ned in a light hearted jolly voice. "Ya may not have noticed pet but A’ve add one or two bevies tonight and I'm as happy as Larry. And in the mood I'm in at the moment I could cheer up the miserablest scoundrel ever to walk the planet."  Ned then spread his legs wider apart and placed both hands on his hips, striking his best superhero pose, then saying in his best heroic voice: "When Ned Fragillpot's about, he can cheer up any man, any woman or...or....or any trout".

The girl burst out laughing and Ned was pleased that his merry little ditty had struck a chord.

"Ned Fragillpot", laughed the girl.  "What kind of a names Ned Fragillpot".

Ned was a bit miffed. "It's a perfectly good name I’ll have you know".  The girl stopped laughing when she detected from Ned's voice that she'd hurt his feelings.  Unfortunately Ned then came out with "What's wrong with being called Ned fucking Fragillpot anyway", and the girl burst out into an uncontrollable fit of hysterics.

...............

Ned chatted constantly as the two travelled down the road together. It was good to have someone to talk too after being alone on the road for well over an hour. And what a someone.  

The girl had turned out to be very pretty indeed, with bleached blond hair and a curvy slim figure, dressed in a tight pink party dress, black knee length P.V.C boots and a bright yellow feather boa which was sexily draped around her neck and shoulders. She also carried a small silver handbag, which to Ned might as well have been invisible with such other delights on offer.  

And O.K, maybe she wore a little too much make-up for Ned's liking, and just maybe her short blond hair was in a style that had become defunct and dead along with the dinosaurs (or at least since a certain T.Rex had got it on and banged his gong at the music scene), but all the same....PWOOOOAAAARRRR!

The girl (who Ned now knew to be called Trudy) remained fairly tight lipped and seemed happy to let Ned make the conversation. As Ned rambled on about his work and how he'd wished he'd never seen or heard of the job at the local supermarket. And how dull stacking shelves was, she began to regret accepting his offer to walk back with him. Amazingly though, this was not because of Ned's remarkable ability, capable of boring the pants off any poor soul who’d have a heart to listen to his whinges and whines, but because every time she looked down at the ground she was reminded about herself and feared that at any moment she'd be found out.

But after Ned had made her laugh so, the loneliness she’d thought to have grown accustomed to had hit so very very hard, and it had been such a long time since she'd laughed so uncontrollably. As he seemed to be a pleasant, warm hearted and harmless sort of guy, she'd agreed to his offer and the decision she'd made to remain forever hidden had changed in those few brief and fickle moments.

At least one good thing was clearly obvious about the young lad, he seemed quite pissed (slurring the odd word as he's conversation took a more interesting path in complementing her on her marvellous appearance and looks) and interested only in looking at her breasts.

...............

The two had walked nearly half a mile and Ned was pleased that the girl’s nervousness had gone and she once more laughed as he cracked the odd joke or listened intently to his rantings about the night out with his best friend Rich and why he was in the situation he now found himself.

She was also beginning to relax more, giving him one or two brief little snippets about herself. These mainly involved things like how she loved buying clothes and perfumes, and hated dieting and lettuce. Boring stuff to Ned, who found himself nodding his head in agreement to her, even though (say for example) the conversation about “how BIG cotton pants were a lot more comfortable and warmer to wear than G-strings” was completely over his head.

There was something clearly odd about the girl that Ned couldn’t (at least for the moment) place, but there was something. Something in her appearance, though not in her dress sense. The girl had explained this to him being because of a fancy dress party she'd attended with her college buddies, but still something nagged at the back of his head.

However, like any other bloke who had been down on his luck and had suddenly found himself getting a sexy warm smile and a look that had lingered just a little too long to suggest a bit more than plain old friendship, in a pair of sparkling bright blue eyes that twinkled and danced into his own as he'd offered her his jacket as protection from the cold nights air, all suspicions (as you can imagine) were put firmly aside.

...............

There was less than two miles to go as the two walked hand in hand together looking either into each others eyes or up towards the starry nights sky (when not obscured passing under a yellow street light). Plus it was now Ned who was the quieter of the pair, as with each passing stride Trudy had become much more chirpy, talking fast and feverishly, seeming to relish the chance of conversation.

She expressed a sharp intellect and knowledge as she talked of her love for the old black and white films and the great actors and actresses that had helped turn them into the original classic's of today. How her great love for poetry had turned her into something of a book-worm in her childhood days, and how her mother and father had fretted when they’d discovered love poems in her closet, and had mistakenly thought them to be erotic letters sent by boyfriends besotted with their daughter. Ned had pushed her to quote him one of her poems, but she was far to embarrassed, instead opting to quote her favourite poem "IF" which to Ned (who having become a bit what annoyed with not being able to get a word in edge-ways) was spoilt by the last two lines.

"Listen all I'm saying is that Kipling got it wrong".

"How can you say such a thing? The poem that's considered by many to be the greatest ever written was in some way flawed. I mean that is what you’re suggesting right".

"Yep"

She smiled and shook her head in disbelief. "So come on then Einstein, what was wrong then with the last two lines".

"Well", said Ned trying to remain calm, while simultaneously thinking furiously, not wanting to look like some fool that would soon be regretting his own arrogance. "I reckon right. That erm....yeah that's it.  I, reckon that if Kipling had instead finished his poem with the lines..."If you can portray the feeling of an idea you have to a sober man, no matter how shit that idea might be. Then, and only then mind you, will you be a man ma son".

Trudy didn’t try to hide her annoyance, but after seeing the cheeky smile spread across Ned's face she decided against arguing too much, instead satisfying herself in saying: "It didn’t rhyme".

Ned who was actually quite pleased with what he'd come up with retorted: "Well what do ya expect, if I had time I'd have made it rhyme. But not even my genius works at such a fast level".

This last piece of arrogance was too much for Trudy, who moments before would have forgotten the whole thing, snapped: "Why you ignorant piece of shit. You lousy tosspot. How can you say such fucking, fuckin..." Ned had burst into laughter after hearing Trudy lose her rag and swear properly for the first time since he'd met her.

She, on realising this to some extent, also began to giggle at how mad she'd become over such a silly little thing and soon found she could not contain herself as the two burst out into uncontrollable laughter. As they continued their hysterics, neither noticed as a small set of lights behind them begin to grow in size.

The laughing suddenly stopped and her eyes widened in terror as the headlights began to pass them by. Ned, who was not bothered by the car, continued laughing but soon stopped as he felt the girls long nails dig into his hand (causing an unpleasant, though harmless pain) and gave out a loud "YOWWWWWWW".

He looked up from his hand with a grimace on his face to find that the girl no longer looked at him but at the road in front of him. Terror was still on her face and Ned followed her eyes to were she looked. 

Something was not right with what he looked at, but whether or not this was because at that point in time he simply did not grasp the strange thing in front of him or was because his mind had decided for the moment to hide the terror of what he'd seen from him, he did not know.

As the car drove by and out of sight, Trudy gulped and looked at Ned. He seemed a little puzzled, but (at least) none the wiser. She gave a sigh then said: "You O.K Ned".

"Yeah...” (pause). "Yeah sure", he said as the puzzlement evaporated from his face. "I'm O.K, BUT I can't say the same thing for my hand though".

"Oh...Sorry about that. Guess I was just a bit caught up in the moment and got a bit of a shock when I saw the light of...I, I mean, when I heard the car", she said stiffly.

Ned could tell from her voice that there was something more to it, but decided on pressing further, grabbing the girl by the hand and saying, "Come on then, a warm coffee awaits".

...............
              
The words love, works and mysterious ways are commonly put together to form one sentence that will be written again and again throughout history. Not by me however. I will leave out such dross and simply tell you that ten minutes on since the car had passed them, the pair had come across a large old tree trunk which had probably been blown over at some point and removed to the side of the road and left to rot away.

The girl had suggested a rest and the two had settled down for a quick breather.  However, as Ned had tried to pressurise the girl into revealing more about her life (where she lived in Tremwell, were did she work, and who did she know) she had grown very quiet and evasive once more.  

Sensing something was wrong he placed a comforting arm around her shoulder after spotting a tear run down her cheek. And as he told her it didn’t matter if she did not want to talk about such things while staring deep into her deeper icy blues, she'd leaned forward and gave him a soft kiss. For a few seconds they just looked at each other, each stunned by what had just happened. Then he leaned forward, kissing her in the same manner she'd kissed him. Only his kiss lasted longer.

This was then repeated several times until it led onto heavy necking and tongues, which went on to lead to fondles, gropes and caresses, and as each simultaneously slid down in a graceful(ish) slump from the tree trunk to be buried deep within a bed of lush green grass, were various items of clothes got removed (shredded, torn or flung passionately aside), sex eventually took place (after praying to any God that he'd not only forgive him for taking advantage of a poor lass who was clearly upset in some unknown way, but also give him the thumbs up and a load shout of "GO ON MY SON" as he gleefully proceeded with his unholy exploits).  

It also involved much fumbling and searching through pockets, hoping he still had one left over from the night he'd made water bombs to hurl at the big fat bouncer who’d refused him entry into the local Tremwell club, just because he had on trainers instead of shoes. Revenge being the only option after the bouncer  had given him a smack in the mouth for being (as the bouncer at the time had put it) "A right little cocky bastard" when he'd called the guy an overweight, big fat bellied, hairless balled, brainless and cross-eyed cu...."SMACKKKKKK!!!

...............

"Not long now", thought Trudy to herself as she walked, her hand gripping tight to the guy she'd minutes before giving herself too. And as the pain began, which started in her feet and would end in her unconsciousness as it built up into her brain, she knew she'd have to face the nightmare alone once more or let the boy beside her know of her terrible secret. That though was not an option. Certainly not now, her feelings for him growing with every step, though she could never let her new found love for him devour her.

Their parting would soon have to come, the question was how? She racked her brain, though she never portrayed her true emotions to Ned, not wanting for him to get involved, until finally she'd come up with a plan.

Before the pain grew too great, she would make the excuse that she'd need to take a trip into the bushes for a pee. Once in the cover of darkness she'd slip away, what with her knowledge of the surrounding woodland and the head start she'd gain as Ned (doing what any gentleman in his position would do) waited for her. By the time he'd begin to worry as of what was keeping her and would no doubt venture in to look for her, she'd be well gone.

The pain bit into her calves as she ventured further from her path and she had to bite her bottom lip to stop herself from flinching. Only when she reached the edge of the Tremwell quarry would the pain stop and grow bearable.  Of course, for the pain to stop altogether she would have to venture into the actual quarry. But that again was not an option.  Not unless she wanted to be ripped apart by the monster.

...............

Hand in hand they again walked. Each now said nothing, only smiled and occasionally glanced at the other. Each lingering gaze being met with a different face to their own but with an expression perfectly mirrored in every detail. They were close now, less than half a mile from the border of Tremwell.  
  
"Richy's gonna be mightily pissed off when I tell him of my triumph. She certainly beats that old slapper he was dancing with", thought Ned as he imagined the surprised look he'd get when he'd have the pleasure of introducing his new bird to his best mate.

"Oh yes, that suckers gonna be blown off his feet and bright green with envy when I stroll on up with this lill beauty on...." Ned's mind froze, for a second time tonight the heckles on the back of his neck stood upright.  

He turned his head quickly, not wanting for the girl to see the shock on his face. Had his eyes deceived him?

The street lighting on this stretch of road was much brighter. The reason for this being that the closer they got to Tremwell the better and newer the bulbs in the lights were. The cause of this was from the many accidents that had occurred over the past years, until finally after the seventeenth death, the council (who'd been threatened with legal action from one or two of the deceased relatives) had decided to do something about it and replaced the thirty-nine year old bulbs, and this was what had made what Ned had seen more obvious than before. He turned once more hoping he was wrong, but no, it was true. The girl had no shadow!!!

Although his own shadow was still small and hard to see upon the ground, it was at least there, matching his every step as it first hid behind him, then creeped it's way a little ahead as he passed the next street light. Connected to his shadow as they walked hand in hand should have been that of the girls, but only the empty sullen road met the shadows empty outstretched hand and Ned gave a shiver as to who or what he was holding on to. For the moment though there was nothing he could do but walk.

...............

Courage is a strange thing. It can strike at any given time, rendering a person foolhardy and carefree under the most dangerous of circumstances. Of course the opposite can happen, but that for the time being is of no importance as Ned, overcoming his fear, be it because of the beer in his system or the fact that after spending around three hours with a girl with no shadow whom he still thought gave off an aura of being fragile and kind, and whom at least in the beginning did not want Ned's company and who Ned (no doubt brought on after the sex) felt had a growing sense of kinship with. All leading to stronger feelings developing, feelings of warmth and happiness as he got to know her better. A fondness that if left would no doubt spread and grow throughout him. 

And so it was more to the surprise of Trudy, when Ned blurted out (as cool as you like) the words: "So pet. Are you a ghost then, or what?”

For a few seconds Ned had no reply, then Trudy making light of the comment (which in reality had rocked her to the core, before she'd regained her composure, praying that Ned had not spotted her for what she was and was only making some light hearted remark or daft joke) said: "What on earth you going on about now, you daft thing".

Ned pointed down to the ground.

"Why-look-man. You've got no shadow".

...............

"It's all right", said Ned, who had not expected the girl to clamp up so when he'd pointed out her lack of a shadow. The pair hadn’t muttered a word now for several minutes until the silence had eventually taken its toll on Ned’s new found nerves. 

"I don't really mind that you’re...er shadowless. I don't even know if you’re a ghost.  Actually I was just guessing at that, but now I think about it you might be one of many things. An alien from outer space... an err... a creature from another dimension, or, hang on a sec, I’ve got it", he said with a grin "An angel, sent down to earth to hunt out a poor hopeless sap such as myself and make mad erotic lurrrvvvve to".

Trudy who was in a state of panic as she tried hopelessly to give Ned some kind of reason for her being the way she was could not help but give out a suppressed giggle at Ned's words.

"Oh Ned, how can you be so calm. Doesn’t it worry you that I've got no shadow?"

Ned shrugged his shoulders and said: "Nope. Guess a guy like me is just too cool to let little things like that bother him. Besides, I'm in the mood for a bit more loving".

"Well either you’re still drunk or you’re an arsehole", Trudy said shaking her head in disbelief. "Or more likely you’re a mixture of both. However I do believe you've guessed it right the first time, I believe I am a ghost, though how I came to be so, I am not entirely sure.  Don't worry though, I am harmless. The “whatever” you see before you is all I'm afraid I am".  

"Well that'll do for me", he said grinning and giving her hand a little squeeze while gesturing with his head towards the bushes.

She gave out an annoyed sigh before saying: "Listen numbskull, stop thinking about getting your end away for a minute. We have things to talk about. Up ahead is a seat, we can rest there and I can tell you"... she paused for a second while she made a decision that she'd hope she'd not come to regret, then continued: "everything about myself.”

...............
         
As he leaned forward to kiss her she pulled back and edged herself even further back so that instead of sitting next to each other there was a good three feet between them. On realising he was fighting a losing battle, Ned decided against listening to his dick, which commanded that he push forward any advantage he had (no matter how slim), and instead let his brain have a go at running the show. So sitting back on the old, wet, wooden seat and trying to make himself as comfortable as possible, he listened to what Trudy had to say.


"Jesus, were do I start…? Well as you already know my names Trudy. Trudy Egglepperson". On hearing her full name, Ned nearly said something but thought better of it as he saw the glare in the girl’s eyes as she spoke her name, daring him to say what he thought. She continued:  "I too lived in Tremwell, though it is approaching twenty seven years since I last set foot upon her grey sullen roads. The curse it seems of being a ghost, if that indeed is what I am, means for some reason I can not wander from the path I was walking when I believe my death occurred".

“You always lived in Tremwell then", asked Ned.

“Yeah. In fact I was born in the local hospital. I believe it's still there?”

Ned nodded saying: "It's still there all right, though God knows how, what with the amount of times it's nearly been burnt to the ground.  

Oh, I forgot. You won't know anything much about all that business".

"Actually I do", replied Trudy. 

Ned looked at her confused. "Look, just because I'm trapped on this path does not mean I can't pick up information". Ned remained confused. "This is a road right, a road that people walk their dogs or even just pop out for a bit of fresh air on. Then there are the drivers that pull into lay-bys or the groundsmen that cut the grass and trim the shrubs". Ned slowly nodded, still not sure where she was going with this little speech.

"Well, these people tend to chuck away their litter, sometimes straight into the hedgerows and sometimes into the few bins meant for such a purpose".

"Cut to the chase, eh, pet. If I didn’t know you was a ghost then A'rd swear you was one of them Greenpeace fuckers", he said, finishing with a puff of his cheeks.

"All I'm saying is that some of these people read newspapers and once they've finished reading their paper they tend to chuck them away. That's how I get my info you see, on who's who, and what's what in the world, though I have to admit my knowledge of your world is still somewhat sketchy.

Of course it's always hit and miss on what paper I'll find but usually the local Tremwell Times is a safe bet.”

"Well", said Ned. "The papers are mainly full of crap anyway. And they always run the same story over and over again for days on end. Missing the odd copy of one now and again is no big deal, believe me.”

"That's something else I haven’t yet told you about myself Ned. I... I'm not always around.” She gazed up at the starry sky and Ned noticed a look of sorrow and hurt upon her face.

"What... erm, what do you mean?" he said as delicately as possible.

Slowly she turned to face him. "For some reason it appears that I only appear but once per month. That day being the first day of the first month and only when the sun has set.”

"Are you sure?" said Ned. "I mean, are you sure you only appear once a month? I mean, how could you possibly know?"

"Like I said, the newspapers. You can tell the fresh ones from the ones that have been exposed to the climate for a few weeks, even a few days. That said it has still taken me quite a considerable amount of time to come to such a conclusion. But try and imagine the amount of time I've had. The many long lonely hours afraid and alone, wondering why and how I had come to be this way.” Tears began to fill her eyes as she continued: "You can't possibly imagine what those first few times were like for me.  Waking from a dream and finding myself dressed in the same clothes and heading once more into my eternal nightmare.”

He moved closer so he sat next to the girl and placed a comforting arm about her shoulders, "Why have you never come forward before? What I mean is why have you never approached anyone?”

She sighed, then looking into his eyes said: "It's not easy you know, to pluck up the courage and approach a complete stranger saying; oh hi there handsome, you don't know me but I wonder if you can help. My problem, you see is that I'm dead, and don't quite know what to do about it. So like I say, is there any possible chance you could help?”  She gave a small laugh.  “Besides Ned there's something else. Some kind of feeling inside that I can't quite explain.  It's... It's like a... like something inside of me says I must not share my predicament with the land of the living".

"So how come you telt me then?”

"I didn’t have much choice did I.”

Ned remembered how he'd found her out and shrugged his shoulders.  "I, Ar suppose you have a point there.”

He hugged her tight to his body as he observed her thinking and for a minute or two, he delighted in the couple of minute’s silence that had burrowed its way into the conversation, but as his hand slowly snaked its way down to her thigh she turned to him and spoke again.

"It's weird though Ned, now that I've been found out by you I feel as though I can confide completely in you.”

"You can that pet", he said as he began to caress her thigh, "You can that.”

"Wait though Ned. There's something else I haven’t told you.”

It was Ned's turn to sigh (and to cry in desperation if all truth be known). "What", he said; not wanting to say any more and give away the frustration his body yearned for.

"I haven’t told you about the... the", her voice became shaky and an uncertainty spread across her face. "Ned, what I'm about to tell you.” She stopped and thought for a second. "You've got to promise that you won't try and do anything about it.”

"Why?" asked Ned.

"It's dangerous.”

"What", said Ned buffing out his chest to its full girth. “Dangers me middle name.”

"So now your called Ned Dangerous Fragillpot are you?" she said with a grin.

"The one and only", he replied grinning straight back at her.

"I'm serious though Ned, what I'm about to tell you, well I just want you to know that if... if you don't want to help me... Well, I'd understand.”

"Of course I'll help you. Now spit it out. What's I gotta do.”

"It's hard to explain", she said "but for some reason I'm drawn towards the Tremwell quarry. I've not much choice in the matter and if I don't go there then a pain inside of me slowly builds and builds until it becomes excruciating and I'm forced towards it. The pain also comes if I try and wonder from the path, and believe me it's painful.  Bloody painful. In fact it's the second greatest pain I’ve ever felt in my entire..."

She stopped talking again for a few moments and Ned noticed that she stared once more into the darkness, with a look of anguish placed again upon her face. She took several deep breaths while Ned sat and listened patiently for the next part of her tale. 

As for the worst pain I’ve ever felt, well, that only comes when I actually step into the quarry. Usually I'll just hang around the quarries edge, the pains not so bad if I do that."

"So the pain decreases the closer you get to the quarry, but gets intensely worse as soon as you enter into the quarries boundaries", said Ned trying to grasp the plot.

She smiled at him shaking her head. "No no. Not at all. Once in the quarries grounds the pain stops completely."

"But I thought you said that..."  

"The pain", she said interrupting Ned as he raised a finger up into the air as if questioning her words, "comes when the monster appears and tears my soul to shreds."

...............

"Ned... Ned.  Ned stop! Slow down for fucks sake will you. Let's think this through a bit more."

"Why?" said Ned as he stomped along at a fair old pace.

Grabbing onto his arm and digging her black high-heeled boots into the soft soil she managed to slow him a little.

"Listen you numbskull, have you not been listening to a single word I've said to you all night."

"Yeah, of course I have, and now I plan on doing something about it, my way like."

"But you don't know what you’re up against. Perhaps my description of the thing was not clear enough."

This in truth was not true. She had actually gone into great detail, telling Ned of the things size and horribly metermorphing shape. How the flames danced menacingly across its body and how the many eyes of the beast moved in unison, watching for her constantly.

She'd also told of the times she herself had challenged it and failed, ripped at by the claws of searing hot glass that swept through the air dealing out mortal blows to her undead frame. Until it eventually tore her very person apart.

"Ned believe me, you can't just go marching up to the thing and twat it over the head with a bit of wood."

Ned stopped and looked down at the thick piece of branch he carried in his right hand. He then gripped it with both hands and swung it through the air, before raising it up above his head and bringing it down with a mighty crash upon the ground.

"You can't tell me that the things not ganna be bothered by a whack from this big bastard mother."

"I can, and it won't Ned", she said shaking her head slowly as if addressing an imbecile.

Ned though was on a high after just getting his end away for the second time tonight, he rested the four foot piece of branch over his right shoulder and sensed the tension that gripped at the girl’s heart. He shrugged, then looking directly into her eyes, said:  "Don't worry. There's something that I haven’t told you about myself." As he spoke a worried look spread across the young lads face as he continued, saying: "I too am not what I seem, and possess inside me the most terrible of horrors."

"As a demonstration I will summon up the foulness within me to relieve in you any fears that you may have." Ned then raised up the open palm of his left hand to the black nights sky and shouted out in a loud bellowing voice: “COME, OH COME GREAT HORROR...(nghhhh)....COME, PLEASE I BEG OF THEE....(nghhhh)."

Suddenly a rasping sound was emitted and a gross, turgid smell filled the air!

"You dirty bastard", said Trudy holding her nose in disgust.

"Better out than in", replied Ned with a cheeky grin.  

Spotting the annoyance daubed across her face, Ned decided that uncouth humour was not the answer in calming down the bonnie wee lass. No what was needed was to appeal to the girl’s feminine side. Chivalry, that surely was the answer!

"Look pet, it's just like all them stories you'd read as a kid. You know the ones with the beautiful princess who's been locked up in a tower, guarded over by some big ugly dragon for the rest of her life, doomed to a claustrophobic existence until she rots and dies, but then is fortunately saved by her handsome prince, who slays the big ugly dragon and scales the tower to free her".

Trudy crunched up her face in despair. "I suppose your right", she said in disbelief at Ned's ignorance. And then a note of sarcasm entered into her voice as she continued saying: "Though the only difference is that I'm no beautiful princess trapped within a tower, my tower instead being a horizontal road that I'm forced to walk each month.  The big ugly dragon is in fact a monster of true horrific proportions, and as for my handsome prince that has come to rescue me, well... his nothing more than some beer guzzling lout".

"Exactly", said Ned. Ned then set off again for the quarry and no matter what she did and no matter what she said, this time, there was no stopping him.

...............

Ned ran as fast as he could, wide eyed, bruised, bloodied and limping badly from a deep gash in his left leg. He sucked in deep gulps of chilling night air straight into his burning, exhausted lungs, but dared not stop for rest and certainly dared not stop to look back behind him, knowing full well that death was nipping at his heels. 

Trudy (her left arm torn from her body) now stood at the edge of the quarry screaming at Ned to run faster as the beast bore down on him. And even at this distance she could see the look of terror, newly sewn upon the once cheery face of the young lad, and for a while she feared that he wasn’t going to make it. 

Then as the flaming effigy of hate swung out a deformed arm in an effort to smite down the tiny mortal that had dared stand in its way of getting to the girl in the pink dress, Ned dived for the ground.

He heard the whistle of the arm pass over his head, and with it a sizzling hiss of flame and heat hit upon his ears and nape of neck but a moment later. Quickly he rolled onto his back, determined not to let the monster have a free whack at the shaking backside sticking up in the air. However, as his eyes glared at the twisting fiery form in front of him, the terror that had rooted him to the spot on his first sighting of the beast gripped him once more.

Truly he now gazed on some devil from the underworld. Watching in mesmerised fear as the thing raised up two thick flaming arms, as if posing in delight at the helpless quivering soul at its feet. He saw now the many eyes that Trudy earlier had spoke of, though not all were fixed on him. A portion of the tiny black specks observed something behind him, and as he heard the screams of the girl he knew it also looked upon her.

A booming laughter suddenly emitted from what must have been the things mouth and it was this mocking vibe that ultimately saved Ned's life.  

For just a few split seconds Ned grew mad, mad with a little terror but mostly mad with a lot of rage as he realised that the monster was taking great pleasure watching Trudy scream and plead for his life. And as the flaming arm with the razor sharp shards of glass and the tiny biting heads fixed within it, came down upon him, he rolled once more out of the way, letting the blow bite into the cold muddy ground. Then, getting swiftly to his feet, he jabbed his fingers hard into a deep opening in the creatures ripped and tattered flesh.

Instantly the laughter stopped and as the flames lapped around his wrist, the monster jumped back and the booming laughter was replaced with a shrill cry of pain. As Ned gazed into what he assumed were the monsters two main eyes, the fear and the terror flooded him once more, though this time instead of being frozen to the spot he turned and ran, running for his life.

..............

It had been a close thing but he now lay over fifty metres from the quarries edge, exhausted and bleeding with his head in the lap of the girl he'd met just hours before. Slowly, her calming feminine fingers stroked their way through his hair, combing out the matted strands which dripped in sweat from the encounter with the nightmare.

Looking up into her bonny blue eyes, a comforting smile greeted him, and although he fought hard to hide his feelings, he could not stop the tears from escaping down his cheeks. She gave a gentle "shush" as he sniffed and coughed, disguising the small sobs that threatened to emit from his throat as his mind drifted back to the encounter with the girl’s demon.

It had been quiet at first as the two had entered into the quarry. He had marched ahead of Trudy as she had shouted at him to be more careful, but unfortunately her cries fell on an ignorant pair of ears as he continued to advance forward into the centre, confident that he could take on whatever the world might chuck at him. And then of course the beast had materialized. It appeared several feet in front of him and that was when the sheer horror of the thing hit him. The branch he had planned to use to sort the horror out with was dropped to the ground as his arms hung helplessly limp by his sides. The creature then swayed forward towards him on two twisted and deformed legs, mud flying into the air as the heavy clawed feet pounded down upon the earth beneath it.

Surely if Trudy had not jumped in front of him at that moment then the monster would have struck him dead on the spot. But she had sacrificed herself to save him, picking up the branch he had dropped and swinging it towards the things head with all the force she could muster.  

The monster sharply swooped back from the blow and then replied to the attack by swinging at the girl with a mighty fiery fist. The heavy looping uppercut caught her on the left arm, instantly severing it from her body. The amputation being caused from a five-inch piece of glass that jutted from the fist at an irregular angle. Her arm was sent spinning up into the air, landing in a cold patch of mud that sent a shiver down the girls back just before the pain of the wound had gripped her.

Ned could not remember how at that very moment he must have turned and fled from the macabre scene that had played out before his horrified eyes. Instead what he remembered was tripping and falling in mid flight, his left leg catching against some unknown sharp obstacle that bit into the flesh just above the knee. As he went arse over tit, he bounced and bumped over the many small rocks that littered the ground around him.

Of course, at that time he felt no pain, the brown trouser fear he felt was well seeing off any of that, though the wound in his leg slowed his run which at the time was much more important than feeling sorry for oneself.

Eventually though he'd made it to the edge, just managing to outrun the beast, and nearly flattening the one-armed girl in front of him that he ran towards, as his legs refused to stop running. The creature, or demon, or thing, or whatever the hell else you'd wish to call it, seemed to reach some invisible boundary and it drew back from the two, growling and sneering, though watching them constantly.

That was when he'd fell to the ground exhausted and the girl had comforted him by placing his head in her lap. They'd remained like this for the next twenty minutes, until the sun began to rise and the first rays of sunlight began to spread their orange fingers across the horizon.  

As the golden light grew stronger and stronger around them, she began to slowly disappear, until Ned was eventually left alone, lying on the ground, tired, exhausted and spent.  In such a condition, it was not long afterwards that he fell into a deep but haunted sleep in the long grey grass by the edge of the Tremwell quarry.

...............

PART 2

INTRODUCING THE BAD GUY

"You sure you’re not shitting me. Ar mean, O.K, you seem genuine enough this time but it's hardly the first time that you've tried to take advantage and knock my superior knowledge of the weird and wonderful things that this world hides from the mortal mind..." 

Ned was beginning to regret telling Richy of last night’s exploits with the girl and the demon. For one thing he was still knackered and the bumps, aches, bruises and cuts he'd accumulated from the night were now singing their screams out louder and higher than a young Aled Jones. Of course having the conversation in the pub was no wise move either, especially after downing several jars of the black stuff. That said though, he needed a little false courage flowing in his system before confronting Richy and telling him all.

"It’s just you've always been the sceptic my friend”, continued Richy. “Not once have you believed the stuff I tell you.  And now you’re asking me to believe this pile of fucking shite?"

Ned sighed and while nodding his head he whispered out an embarrassed "Yes."

Richy scratched his chin and thought for a moment. "Hmmmmm.... well I've gotta admit that although I am a little bit sceptical of your gob...well, your tale, it does...yes, it does sound semi-probable."

That was one good thing about Richard Pontopping, when it came to superstitious bullshit; he'd buy it every time. In the past, Ned (who knew Richy better than anyone) had had to sit through a thousand countless stories involving any number of eligibly strange but “true” phenomenons that Rich had heard or read about.

He'd even read one or two articles from magazines that Richy would buy religiously (not that Richy was a religious man) and be astounded at the crap printed within. From common stories involving alien sex freaks, perverted ghosts and overly rude tentacle monsters. To the weird, the macabre, and the wonderful, that were so utterly bizarre and stupid, and could involve anything from Siamese-twins born with four heads, egg laying pigs, unnaturally soft talking green tigers owned by big blonde gay blokes, to disco dancing leeks grown near the summit of Snowdonia, that particularly liked dancing to Rasputin by Boney M. And these weren’t even the most bizarre ones he'd heard Rich comment on (though he did remember that even Richy had to admit that disco dancing leeks seemed highly improbable!).

At the time, Ned had thought that any sane man would have had to question even the sanity of an editor who'd let such bile be produced within the pages of his magazine. But Rich would always argue otherwise, and always have his battle cry of "Just because it's not been printed in the national tabloids does not mean it's not true", ready at hand if he felt the argument was not going his way.

So today (a day that had turned the tables on a normal pub conversation involving the two good friends) was indeed a black day for the logically thinking mind.

"So what now then?" said Ned.  "Were do I go from here?” 

"I...well, the way I see it is that your best routes this Trudy lass. Find out who she is... or who indeed she was, as the case may be, and that my friend, that’s the only way to solve this mystery.

...............

It's quite remarkable what two young minds can unravel and dream up in a month (or less). And though the two may well be construed by many to be nothing more than a pair of ignorant arseholes, the actual truth is that when gripped by something of interest they could well be conceived as being quite the pair of intellectuals. Indeed, it had only taken the two a few days to solve the puzzle of Ned's surreal encounter. (Well... O.K. Actually, and in all honesty it's not really that remarkable.  In fact, it was all quite obvious as of what to do and were to look, but still, for these two it was something of an achievement.)

They’d started by looking for relatives or friends of the girl. This proved something of a dead alley though, the girl’s parents had moved thirteen years ago, and no matter who they asked who apparently once knew them, nobody knew were they’d gone.

As for other relatives, there was but one. Some odd, old half uncle of hers, who was semi-senile and of no use whatsoever. And the few friends of the girl whom they’d managed to track down could not remember much of what happened, or refused to talk about it at all.  

In one such case they’d approached a house that they’d learned by way of the little information they’d acquired on the girl that might cast some light on everything. This particular piece of information had come from an old school friend of hers who’d told them that the people in the house were good friends of Trudy’s parents and might know something. The lights had been on as they’d approached but as soon as they’d a rat-a-tat-tatted on the letterbox, the lights of the house had gone out.  

When Ned had lifted the letterbox and shouted through it that he'd come about a girl whom they once might have known called Trudy Eggelesperson, a bucket of icy cold water had been flung from the upstairs window, drenching the two, and seconds afterwards a hysterical woman’s voice screeched out from the open window that the past was best left well alone. This at least had exited Richy, who perceived that there must be much more to the case of the dead girl and the monster, more than even he'd first expected. Surmising that some great cover up from the people who'd known her had happened, the only explanation, he thought, for the strangeness they’d encountered in their quest for the truth.

Ned on the other hand knew better, and summed it all up by saying, "Aren’t you forgetting were we live man. Practically every fucker we knows is a queer-in in this town." And Richy, who was not so sure, still had to admit that this was very probably the case!

The truth of what happened came when they’d visited the library (a den of antipathy in the two's eyes) and checked through the old issues of the Tremwell Times that dated back some twenty-seven years, to the late 70's. The time Trudy had last remembered being alive.

Luckily they spotted the story, though it had not been given the main headline as they’d expected it would have been, this instead being taken up by "RODGER SMITH AND DENNIS LEADKILL SPOT A MUCKY MAN WALKING ACROSS THE TREMWELL MOORS" in large black lettering.

The girl’s tragic story appeared in much smaller lettering beneath the main headline.  It had been written by a young Derrick Fongrip, who was now considered by some to be the main writer for the Tremwell Times (Though not by all!)  

It is quite an interesting fact though (Though not to all!).

The title of the article read (in not so big and black lettering), "WHOOP'S WHE'VE DONE IT AGAIN", and this is what the article said:  
……………
.......

"The psychiatric asylum of Tremwell was again embarrassed to admit that one of their inmates (a certain George Albert Klieberson) had escaped during the early hours of Tuesday morning. Klieberson, who is a known small town serial killer of the area, was being evaluated by doctor and Lord, Sir Randolph Montgormery Frig.

Randolph, who was heavily into the study of what made the human mind go fruity, found Klieberson the ideal subject of study in his researches.

Doctor Jane Beddows (the senior psychiatric nurse of the asylum) whom we interviewed after hearing from police of the escape, told us that after several weeks of working together, a good humoured rapport built up between the noble doctor and the insane psychopath. However, what happened during Tuesday night (the night Klieberson made his escape) is still something of a mystery?

It's believed that Sir Monty became over-confident with Klieberson and had released him from his straightjacket on the condition that he did not kill anyone.

Later that night the body of Sir Monty was found in Klieberson's cell, several hours after the escape. He'd been dressed in Klieberson's straightjacket and decapitated by his very own penknife (which had been a present from Goobaru Batawari, head chief of the infamous Gurning Mongrels. A tribe of people that Sir Monty had become strangely friendly with during the time he'd been posted in outer Mongolia, throughout the Second World War. The knife had been given to Sir Monty after he had heard an insane squawking sound coming from chief Batawari’s hut. On entering the hut to investigate what all the noise was about he found that the chiefs pet parrot had gone mad and was attacking the terrified Goobaru who feared the bird had been possessed by the soul of his dead wife whom he’d executed earlier that day. Without a thought for his own safety, Sir Monty grabbed the bird and wrought its neck in one deft move.

Also (of curiosity to the more knowledgeable reader) it's quite an interesting fact to know that some historians believe that the Gurning Mongrels origins originate from out of New Zealand. However, other more senior and educated historians do not believe this in the slightest! (Like I say, it's quite interesting).

The head of Sir Monty was later found by a startled passer-by (who wishes to remain anonymous) as he entered into the public toilets near Graig street. The sick fiend had lodged Monty's head into one of the toilet bowls, and the man who'd reported the head had not realised this at first, passing out from shock at the dead eyed horror that glared up from beneath the icy yellowed water. But don't worry humble reader, as our tale does have a happy ending after all.

Klieberson was rooted out by the police the following night, though he did apparently take some catching. Constable’s Harper, Jones and Windwrite had got a tip off from a young woman, telling of a suspicious individual dressed all in white who was hiding into some bushes several miles up the road that leads on into Durham.

Upon venturing to the spot where Klieberson had been spotted, the three police officers had expected little chance that the psychopath might still be there upon the scene.

In an exclusive statement, constable Windwrite reports: "Imagine our surprise when we drove past the suspect, who tried to flag us down in what I believe, was an attempt to hitch a ride.

Amazing it was to see im standing there like that, with a grin from ear to ear. Course soon as the bugger saw who we was, he was off. Off like a shot!  

Well let me tell you, me an Bill (constable Harper) set off on foot after the scoundrel, while Dez (constable Jones) saw about seeing to the dead girl that lay in the middle of the road.

Course, at the time we weren’t sure she was dead. Only clue being from this big gaping hole in er throat....Urggghh, right orrible as well it was, though (HA) poor old Jones'y hasn’t ad a bite to eat since seeing er.

I, but we got im. Chased im all the ways back to the quarry, me and Harp did.  Though you'll never guess what the silly sod did next. He only goes and chucks imself down the side......Ar can still hear the crash as he landed in that skip full of glass.

And the sight when we'd worked our ways down to im....Or Jesus H Christ it was orrible. Still alive he was, though barley.  Cut to ribbons too he was by the glass, and his guts....(urghhhh).....his guts were everywhere.

What was worse as well....(ugrrhhh)....though it makes me sick to even think about it, was the rats......(YURGHHHH)......Eating im alive they were. Literally chomping away on eez guts. Right disgusting sight let me tell you.

And although he was half dead, with bit'sa glass stickin out from everywhere, he was still avin none of it. Ar tell yeah, although the guy is a baddin, you've still got to doff yer cap to him and show im some respect at the way he fought back at those rats. Ripping them apart with his bare hands, picking em up an biting their eads off. Christ it was some sight."

An ambulance was sent for by the police officers, but there was no chance of saving Klieberson. He was pronounced dead at 1:33A.M.

The girl who'd had her throat slashed was actually one of our local lasses. Trudy Egglesperson, and our deepest regrets go out to her family and friends.
...............
.......

Ned noticed the date on the paper was the 3rd of October 1973. Things were beginning to add up (a little).

"A serial killer, eh", said Richy with a grin of exuberance.

"But...., but it's a monster, not some sick demented fuck that threatens me bird."

"Ah ha", replied Rich. "It's lucky for you my friend that you know me. You see, I know stuff that the average man wouldn’t know, and I reckon that I know exactly what’s going on here.

“Bullshit”, Ned said with more than just a hint of disbelief in his voice.

“Oh I, oh I, so you think I’m winding yer up do ya then, eh smartpants! Well my friend, I’ll just have to prove it to you then. Answer me this, is it possible to touch your nose with your elbow?” But before Ned could answer this moronic question Rich said: “Well I’ll tell ya, most people who are asked this think it’s impossible, but they don’t know the technique.  In fact, go on, have a go.  I bet ya cannot do it”.

Ned sighed, shaking his head. “What the fuck does touching my nose with my fucking elbow have to do….”

“Oooo, so you’re giving up are you. Embarrassed to admit I’m right are you, eh chicken shit.”

With another sigh Ned attempted to bring his elbow up to his nose. After three attempts he gave up.

“Ah Ha, giving up so easily are we? Not as clever as we thought are we?”

“It’s impossible”, replied Ned.

“Oh no it’s not my friend, you see you don’t have the knowledge. Now stand up and tilt your head back as far as it will go”. Ned did so.  “Now try ma friend, now try, and as you do, twist your arm slightly”. Ned did and found that he touched his nose with his elbow quite easily.

Ned sat down with a grin. “That’s some fucking trick”, he said.

“No trick numbnuts, its fucking knowledge is what it is, knowledge that no ordinary man might posses.

Ned thought that Richy’s argument was still fairly pointless but decided against arguing further, instead he decided on hearing what the bastard had to say.

“O.K, point taken. You’ve proved you know stuff that I don’t.  But what’s that got to do with all this monster shit?”    

“I've read lots about ghosts and shit in my time and let me tell you, the spirit, or what some might call the soul, is a very peculiar piece of equipment. Oh yes, very peculiar indeed. A lot of people believe, you see, and when I say a lot of people I'm including myself, that the spirit takes on a form or shape that we believed ourselves to be in life. Thus a good mans soul might be tall, muscular and handsome, like me for example, and have a halo about his heed. Even, if say, in real life he was one of those skinny speccy gits, the ones we always laugh at. You know the type, you knar man, the ones with the bad haircuts"!

"What, so what you're saying", said Ned, "is that this Klieberson is the monster."

"He sounds like a right baddin to me my friend. And what you saw, and what bothers this lass of yours, is what Klieberson believes he was thought of in death." 
 
"I arr suppose...Yes. Now you mention it", said Ned, "there is some sense in your madness.  All those little eyes that covered the thing.  Now I think about it they did look like rats heads. And the glass sticking out of it's body...Shit, you know something Rich?”

"What's that my friend?”

"I can't believe it. You've worked it out. You’re a fucking genius."

Rich gave a broad smile, nodding his head as he soaked up the praise, but drew back suddenly with a fist raised when Ned in his elation said, "(HA)....It's clear as crystal.  You know Rich, it's like a weight off me mind knowing what happened to that poor lass......Ar could fucking kiss ya."

Then suddenly a thought struck Ned and Richy’s clenched fist was replaced with Richy’s finger of thought when Ned said: "Hang on. Just one minute. Hold ya fucking horses. What about Trudy.  How come she's the same and not some monster or some-it of the sort?"

"Ah, that my friend is a good question! Hmmm?" Rich brows furrowed for a second in deep thought. "AH HA", he shouted loudly, startling even the half deaf librarian who moments before had been soundly asleep. "She didn’t at first know she was dead, did she. I mean she still doesn’t know she’s dead right.  So this must be the reason that she remains as she was like."  

"Genius", said Ned, "fucking fucking genius", then grinned before puckering up his lips in an obscene manner.

"Don't even think about it dipshit, not unless you want a taste of this", and Richie's finger of thought once again became a tight closed clenched fist.

...............
 
Now that he knew what had happened, Ned also knew he was no further forward.  After all, what good is it knowing what has happened if it doesn’t change anything!

O.K, he had found out what he'd originally wanted, and he knew if he was again to meet Trudy on the road he would at least be able to explain the puzzle that had dogged her for so long. But that wasn’t going to help her in the long run. And how long that run might be was anybodies guess!

If he was really going to help her then he needed to find out more of her tormentor.  The girl had said she knew deep down inside that it was the monster that held her in such torment and only by ridding herself of it might she become free. 

All Ned's hopes of helping the dead girl rested on but one thing. And that was finding out more about her monster now that he knew what the monster was. A killer. And the killer now had a name. Klieberson. And Klieberson he knew once had a home.  The Tremwell psychiatric asylum.

And so it was that he (accompanied by his good friend Rich) set off for the asylum in search of something (no matter how small or insignificant) that would give him a chance to free his dead love from the path that the beast kept her upon.

...............

"Just let me do the talking", said Rich.

"It's all right man", replied Ned as the two neared the asylum. "I can bullshit as good as the next man!" 

...............

Bill Townsend sat in his little porter shed, listening to a creaking sound that over the years had become a familiar occurrence as the sun heated up and expanded the metal of the corrugated roof. It had been a quiet morning for Bill (who was the gate security guard at the front of the Tremwell asylum) when he noticed in the distance the figures of two men approaching.

Bill was naturally suspicious of all strangers. After all, this was hardly a place to come for a laugh and a giggle (unless of course you suffer from laughing and giggling uncontrollably...in which case, come right in).

He squinted his eyes a little to focus his ever decreasing vision and noticed the two to be a pair of young lads in there twenties. Of course, the two might well be just visiting a poor relative or friend who had been sectioned, but just in case, Bill, slid the drawer beneath his desk open that contained his fully loaded world war one revolver.

The first one approached. "All right mate, how's it ganinn?" he said.

Then the second stepped forward, saying, "Ello, ello, my friend, how are you?"

"I'm all right lads", said Bill with a jolly smile. "So, what can I do for a pair of young whippersnappers like yourselves?” 

"Err...we've come to...err...speak to some of your...erm...doctors about...patients, and shit.  Sorry...er...I didn’t mean to say that..." Ned wasn’t quite the smooth talking gringo he'd thought he was, and jerked out his words as he hopelessly tried to think something up. Failing to do so he quickly shot Rich a worrying sideways glance.

"Well I'm sorry to disappoint you lads but if you don't have an appointment then..." 

"Er...sorry friend, we haven’t introduced ourselves properly.  My names Rich, and the stutter rap kid here's called Ned, where a couple of students who are writing papers for our G.B.C.B.E's and have chosen to look into the causes of insanity and...err, and shit!"

"Students, eh.  Hmmm.  Been a long long time since we've had students here.”

Scratching his chin he then said: "Last time we had students must be five year back. Hmmm, well students aint no bother, right lot of soft shites in my opinion, so I'll tell ya what I'll do, I'll ring up and ask if anyone's interested in talking to you. What was it again you two were wanting to know. Something on nutters wasn't it?"

"Causes of insanity!" said a frowning Rich.

...............

Bill watched as the two happy go lucky lads headed off. They were obviously pleased that due to the phone call he'd made to head office that they’d been allowed entry, and they laughed and joked to one another as they walked quickly away, their forms shrinking from his vision as they approached the towering grey sullen walls of the asylum.

Suddenly his eyes caught a glimpse of something, a small dark object crawling up the wall on his left. Quick as a flash his attention was thrown from the two lads as he grabbed his bate box that he kept on the coffee stained desk behind him, containing two thick slices of buttered brown bread. Although such quick movements played havoc with his ailing arthritis, he knew he'd have to be fast if he was going to catch the juicy little blighter.

...............

“I believe you two young handsome men have made a special request to see me”, said a middle aged woman with a friendly wrinkled face to Rich and Ned as they sat waiting in visitors area.

“Doctor Beddows”, said Rich rising to his feet from the uncomfortable wooden chair he’d been sat on for over twenty minutes.

“The one and only”, the doctor said with a smile.  “I’m sorry if I kept the pair of you waiting, we had a little trouble with one of the patients.”

“Oh, nothing too serious I hope doctor”, said Rich rising from out of his equally uncomfortable chair”.

“No, nothing too bad. Just a patient going berserk over George.”

“George”, said the two in unison.

“Yeah George, our new nurse on ward two. His a big guy and his size tends to freak out one or two loose cannons in here. That…and his unfortunate resemblance to Arnie!

Anyway enough about that, what can I do for the pair of you?" 

“Erm, well you see where interested in finding out more on one of your patients, er, a George Albert…” Ned was cut off in mid sentence as doctor Beddows shuck her head.

“I’m sorry to disappoint you two but I’m afraid I’m not allowed to discuss a patient’s history.  Not unless you’re a relative of… who was it you were going to say?"

“George Albert Klieberson” said the pair in unison. The doctor’s eyes opened in astonishment at the name. “Wow”, she said in a shocked voice.  "Now there’s a name that still sends a shiver down the spine. Tell me; what in all that is good and green do you want to know about that evil, low-life, scumbag for”. Then a worried look spread across her face as she said, “Oh, oh I say. I am sorry my dears. You’re not his relatives are you?”

“No no no no no”, said Rich stepping forward with a smile. “Where just a couple of students who are writing a paper for our college exams that looks into what makes a bloke go frui…erm…insane.”

“Oh, is that all”, she said with a little relief. “I thought that you were his…” she stopped in mid sentence, then said: “No of course you couldn’t be, not two lovely looking lads like you. But tell me, why Klierberson of all people.

It was now Ned’s turn to step forward with the bull: “Well, me and me friend here, we’ve done a little research ourselves, looking at one or two folk who’ve had a turn for the worst, and during our researches the worst of them, to us anyways, seemed to be George Albert Klieberson.

“(Hah) Your not wrong there let me tell you.” She pushed her small blue rimmed glasses further up onto the bridge of her nose then looked down at the cold chess board coloured floor in thought.

“Oh what the hell”, she said “The buggers been dead now thirty odd years and I can’t imagine that a pair of nice young men like you would go shopping me to my superiors now can I”. The two shuck their heads. “So O.K, I’ll tell you what I know, follow me and we’ll talk in my nice comfy office instead of this cold miserable little waiting room.”

...............

The two lads settled themselves down onto the comfortable soft black sofa in the doctor’s office as she searched through her filing cabinet.

“Ah ha, here it is”, she said holding up a blue file. “This should tell us all we want to know about Mr. Klieberson.” She opened the file and began reading:  “George Albert Klieberson is a sad, lonely and very disturbed man. His mother (Geraldine Alberta Klieberson) gave birth to him in 1931 under the most traumatic of circumstances.

According to reports, baby George was apparently born during his father’s very funeral. Albert George Klieberson (George’s father) had died of a heart attack (though George claims his mother had told him on many an occasion she’d poisoned him because of her fears he would leave her for yet another younger woman) and was being buried at Saint Smitten church. The two had met fourteen months before when a touring theatre company had arrived in Tremwell.  It boasted the legendary actor “Albert George Klieberson”, and though Albert was known by very few inside Tremwell itself, he was known by virtually none outside of it. But advertising is advertising, and claiming to have a world renowned star at your dispense is a trick used by all who desire to sell tickets to members of a public that are not just made up of relatives and buffoons.  

Also, apparently when done up to the nines, Albert could cut a fairly dashing figure, which explains why he always got to play the leading man, as from what little I’ve discovered looking at the reviews of that time, his acting was as wooden as the stage he would stand upon. The first play to be performed by the company would be Macbeth, but unfortunately on the penultimate night of the opening, the third old hag had left the play after being offered a better job by Grimy Gordon’s strip joint on Frockit Street.

Geraldine’s (who’d been putting it about as soon as she’d heard of young handsome actors arriving in town) name was mentioned to the director, and so desperate he was that he agreed to give her a chance.

According to all reports she was terrible, but still a long way better than most of the other so-called actors (including Albert), and so it was that she got the part of the old hag. Eventually Geraldine and Albert were to fall in love. Apparently it had been love at second sight (it would have been first sight but for the fact that Geraldine had been dressed in rags and covered with large purple warts, were as Albert’s face was paled with white chalk and he’d had lemon juice squeezed into his eyes to give them that blood shot look that all haunted and disturbed kings should have). As the play played night after night, their love for each other began to grow, and a mere fortnight later they were married.

After the marriage there is very little known of what happened. Those I’ve questioned say there were rows and fights behind closed doors, but never outside in public. When appearing outside (either together or alone) each would say how happy he or she was with the other. And it came as a great shock to all when Albert had died under those ever so slightly suspicious circumstances (which I won’t go into here as I can’t be bothered).

And then came the funeral. It is said by Klieberson that as soon as his father’s coffin had touched the earth in which it would forever rest, his mother had fallen to the ground, clutching her stomach and screaming in pain. Apparently Klieberson, was told by his uncle (Jack “the mack” Klieberson) that he’d never forget how his mother had looked up at him and the rest of the mourners, and in a terrified yet angry voice had shouted out that the little bastard was on his way back. Little George Albert was born but minutes later.

After having many discussions with George, I am in no doubt that it is Geraldine Alberta Klieberson whom I believe responsible for most (if not all) of George’s insanity. Indeed Geraldine herself seems to have been a very strange and frightening character from all of George’s accounts. On the day of her son’s birth and her husband’s funeral, her personality altered full circle. She was said at the time to have been mischievous, fun, happy go lucky, and a bit of a floozy, regularly dating a long line of men, and by the sounds of it, she did it for the money.

Many of the people I questioned whom knew her (including George) said even after she was married did she have affairs with other men. Some even believe that George is not the son of Albert, and after seeing an old picture of Albert it is not hard to see why this is the general belief. Then came her personality change. Many say it came over her overnight, while others say it was a long drawn out process (sometimes I hate the general public). Apparently she was known to wear long elegant and highly expensive dresses, believed to have been paid for by her many lovers, and would have a different dress for each day of the week. But after the funeral she got rid of her flamboyant clothing, now she’d only wear a long scruffy blue dress.

I’ve also been told that though she’d been a mean and spiteful woman from the start, she’d hidden this darker side of her persona from most and would appear pure and innocent to a complete stranger. Only those closest to her would witness what indeed she was really like.  

Now however, after the death of her husband and the birth of George, she would take the porridge from a starving blue eyed angelic orphan and care not who knew of it or what might be said of her afterwards. She remained single for the rest of her life, devoting her time to bringing up her son. And it’s the hard strict upbringing that I blame for poor George’s current condition. Her ways were certainly strange to say the least, and where as most mothers would read their child a traditional children’s bedtime story, she would only ever read the plays of the great Bard to the young innocent George. According to him it would be a terrifying experience, lying there in bed as his mother recited Macbeth, Hamlet, Romeo and thingamabob etc. And no matter which play she’d read to him she would do it in the voice of the third hag, the one she had played that fateful time when she’d first met her husband.

Whether it be tragedy or comedy, all were performed with a sickly croaking voice and a hideous chortling laugh that she seemed to take great pleasure in the terror distilled within it. And even when poor little George would cry out for her to stop, hiding his head beneath the sheets of the bed and covering his ears with both hands, she’d scream out as loud as she could those classical works, ripping away the bed sheets and hands that muted her savage performance.

On special occasions (such as Christmases and birthdays) she’d awake him as well in such a manner, though with the added effect of the makeup of the old hag. A sight that George has told me would make him wet the bed as he’d be awoken by a cackle and a mad green mutated face.     
 
He has also told me how she’d beat him as a boy for looking at her with the eyes of his father, and even chewing his food in the same manner as his father, would set the fire inside her ablaze.  In fact each mannerism expressed by the young George that reminded Geraldine of her late husband would earn him a whack across the back of the head.

One time (at the age of nine) while he ate his dinner, she hit him so hard on the back of the head that he’d pitched forward and the fork that he’d held had ended up imbedded into his forehead as he crashed down onto the floor.

As he rose to his feet, dazed and unsure of what had just happened, he heard the cruel cackle of laughter from his mother and turning to her she’d exploded into hysterics, laughing and pointing at the fork that protruded obscenely out from his forehead. Then suddenly she stopped and while still pointing at the fork she said in a low mocking voice the following words: “Dick-head, dick-head, just like his father. Dick-head, dick-head, just like his father”, over and over again.  

The humiliation and the pain became too much for the young boy and he passed out cold on the kitchen floor. From that day fourth, any confidence, any bravery, and any goodness that had been in the boys soul was now lost and he swore on his fathers grave that he’d have his revenge, revenge not only on his mother, but on all who lived.

I have questioned him why he swore revenge on every living soul when indeed it had only been his mother who had been cruel to him but as yet he has not given me a plausible answer. I actually believe that there is no real answer to this question, though the fork in his head probably had something to do with it!            

The older George grew the greater George’s hatred became. And yet he remained a coward. On many occasion he’d be seen in the streets out shopping with his mother who’d regularly beat him in front of all. And never did he fight back, cringing away from her raised hand, or even looking terrified and wetting his pants from but a single of her accursed stares.

At first this was also the case at school, and he soon attracted many a bully who sort themselves an easy victim to practice their craft on, but things were to change in the most unusual of ways. In 1943(aged 12) after a particularly nasty and vicious attack from another boy, did George find his true and terrible self. George was on his way to his mathematics class when he was jumped from behind. He was punched in the back then thrown up against the wall of the corridor that he was headed down. As he turned around, begging and pleading for mercy, a large fist was drawn back and thrown viciously at George’s head. On seeing this George did the only thing he deemed possible, he used a manoeuvre he’d used many times before in many a similar situation, ducking the sweeping blow by falling to his knees and curling himself up into a ball at his attacker’s feet. Then prepared himself as best he could as he awaited the dreaded kicking he knew was about to come.

And he waited and he waited, shivering, and shaking, and crying, and cursing the world that had spawned him, but still no blow came. Eventually his curiosity came into play, and as he lay on the cold cement floor he heard crying above that of his own. Meekly he looked up from his foetal position. Standing above him was the lad who’d thrown the blow at his head. Tears streamed down the boys face as he held out a bloodied and busted hand.

Instantly George knew that the punch he’d ducked must have smashed into the concrete wall at his back. Getting to his feet and looking at the helpless boy with the broken hand, a newfound power of the purest evil seemed to engulf him. The hatred still remained inside, but the fear and the cowardness had vanished. To George it was as though the fear inside him had somehow been transferred to the wide-eyed and horrified lad opposite him, it was a feeling that George liked and did not want to lose, and then it occurred to him that there was a way to make that feeling even better.

This he did by grabbing the broken hand of the boy and tearing and mauling at the bloody wound upon it. With each terrified plea and every chilling scream of pain that George heard, the terrible knot of terror that seemed forever in his gut began to loosen. For the first time in his life, he was the one who was dishing it out, and this to him meant that with every plate he delivered, did the other George inside him dwindle and die. An intensity gripped him, never before had he felt so good, with both hands he squeezed as hard as he could then twisted and bent fingers back until he heard several crunches and a snaps. The coup-de-grace came as George lifted the sobbing lads hand to his mouth, biting down hard till his teeth grinded against bone.  

At this point the boy had passed out, and George let go of his hand as he slumped to the floor. But as the wails of pain ceased from the boy, so did the fear and the cowardness inside him return, as he thought of the consequences of what he’d just done.

Horrible thoughts began to spring into his head. What would happen when the bully at his feet recovered, would he seek revenge, or worse, would he tell all to the teachers? And once the teachers got to know, he’d be made to pay dearly, perhaps even expulsion from the school. But even this was not his greatest worry, as his foresight predicted something much much worse. What would happen when the teachers got in contact with his mother? The consequences of this were far too horrible to consider, and he spent the next few hours in mortal fear, waiting for the moment when the nightmare would become reality.

But nothing did happen. The bully whom attacked him, having himself being too afraid to tell on George, in case of another thumping by him, kept quiet. Also, unknown to either boy was that their skirmish had not been unseen. Several kids who’d heard the commotion in the corridor had rushed to the scene and watched from a distance. They’d missed most of what had actually happened and had only really seen the part were George had triumphed. 

And although no adult in the school got to know, every one of the pupils that attended Tremwell Comprehensive did. And rumour among children spreads like wildfire, within a week George’s old reputation vanished, and instead he was now looked upon as the new hard-case of the school. He even picked up the nickname of “Mad George the Second”, and though the name suited his rebirth, none dared say it to his face.

His new role shocked George at first, the ones he once feared now fearing him, but it did not take too long before he began to realise his newfound power. Coward though he was, George was not stupid, and he took to his new role with great glee and gusto.  He was now the bully who hurt and tormented the weaker ones. And to help him he even recruited the ones he had once feared. The ones who now feared him.

The gang was heartless and vicious; knowing no bounds as to the amount of terror it could breed into a poor child’s mind, a mind that would be haunted both night and day.

During this time of his life, George was at his happiest, even managing to acquire himself a girlfriend, (Michele Gargson, a girl who in George’s very words was as pretty as a picture and as thick as a plank. Apparently just how George likes his lasses) a queen who would rule with him as his army wreaked havoc at Tremwell Comprehensive school. And as all his new life unfolded, not once did he suffer from his cowardness, even his mother, who he reckons must have sensed the change in him, began to treat him more like a son.

Unfortunately at the age of fifteen his time at school came to an end, and with it the power he had possessed vanished within a blink from the eyelids of fate.

Doctor Beddows stopped reading and looked up at the two lads who listened to her. “He don’t arf waffle on a lot, don’t he”, she said and then continued reading: “Three months after leaving school he got his first job. Actually his mother got him it, from one of the few friends she still possessed, an Alfie Ungerwood, owner of Tremwell’s only slaughterhouse.

George claims he quickly grew to hate the slaughterhouse, though he did enjoy the work. It was the people he worked with that made his time there a living hell, and I myself am in no doubt that this was indeed the worst of times for George, mainly from his persistent refusal to go into any great detail of the other workers attitudes towards him. And though he will happily speak of the jobs he was required to perform, and even boast about how good he was at them, I have only ever received the briefest of snippets when he talks of why his work was such a nightmare.

Cow’s eyes placed in his sandwiches, or a floating pigs testicle jammed into his thermos flask, is about the best I have got from him of his treatment. But no more. What he has said though is that the coward who had hidden away for so long quickly resurfaced, and once more he became the quivering shaking yellow bellied turd of old (his words, not mine...I think!).

It was something he just could not go back to being, and for a short time he even considered committing suicide, but was saved by a stroke of luck and a flash of inspiration. One day, during his work, he was given thirteen ducks to kill. So he sharpened up his favourite knife and proceeded in cutting off their heads. Now he knew that the ducks were nothing more than dumb animals, but as he sliced through the first neck, the other twelve ducks seemed to quack out in fear.

He told me that after he thought about it a split second later he’d realised that it was just his mind playing tricks and the ducks had quacked for quacking’s sake. But in that split second a familiar feeling (though a feeling he had not felt for quite some time) returned to him. Once more he felt the power of being the aggressor, the same power he’d felt in his infamous reign at Comprehensive school. Thoughts began to flood into his head and soon a plan formed, a simple plan, but one that was the difference between life and death. He decided to try murder.

After all, what had he got to lose. A horrid life, were a terminal fear inside his bones would grow and grow. No, that was no option, but still the thought of taking a life had one or two moral issues to think about. And these issues he claims he did consider for a time, but always with a grin he’d tell me that the time he spent considering them was about the same amount of time he usually spends picking his nose. Plus, he’d only target individuals who in his opinion would deserve to die.

His first victim was Timothy Kelpnot, who had moved from Tremwell eight years ago to live in the quiet little village of Newfield with his wife and two children. Timothy had owned a corner shop when he’d lived in Tremwell and had an uncanny reputation of short changing his customers. Timmy would mainly target children, pinching the odd ten or twenty pence when they came in to buy sweets, or better still, cigarettes and alcohol.

George claims that many a time someone would complain and Tim would have to come up with some excuse before giving back the money that was rightfully theirs. Except of course with the kids. Dealing with children was a different matter. With children he’d rarely return the right amount of change if he’d decided to rip one off. Instead he’d argue that they were trying it on with him, and if they didn’t get out his shop quick sharp, he’d give them a clip round the ear. Sometimes the parents would come round and threaten Tim with a clip round the ear themselves, which according to George was why he preferred to try his hand with a child buying booze or fags. The reason for this being that there was more of a chance that they’d be buying these for themselves and their mates, most likely about to skive off school and head down the woods to smoke and drink themselves sackless.

And this was indeed usually the case. Though it wasn’t the day when George (aged 8) had gone to buy twenty tabs for his mam. She’d given him ten bob (a fair old bit of money in them days to the working class), and when Tim had given him his change, George thought nothing more and stuck it straight in his pocket and headed off home, little in the knowledge that Tim had been up to his old tricks again. On handing over the change to his mother, she’d gone light when she’d found that she was ten pence down.  She called him a “thieving little twat” and a “worthless bloody bastard”, not believing for one moment his story of being ripped off by the stingy shop owner, instead claiming he’d spent the money on sweets. But George was insistent that he was the victim here, and even after he got a good hiding and told he would never go to heaven if he continued with this lie did he remain resolute with his story.

Eventually (after she’d beat his backside red raw for a fourth time) she believed him (though still claimed he was a useless bugger for not checking his change) and decided on sending him back to the shop to complain to the shopkeeper and get her money back. So off he went, alone and afraid to complain.  

In George’s very words he told me that Tim had never, and was never, going to let some snotty nosed little punk tell him how he’d short changed him. So the result of George’s complaint was to be grabbed by his school blazer, pinned up against the shop door, a heavy slap that left a loud ringing in his right ear got delivered to the side of his head, before being thrown out from the shop.

He picked himself up and ran home, bursting into tears when he was confronted by Geraldine (who was cheered up no end by his blubbing) who wanted to know what had happened.  And that was the end of it, but he never forgot Tim and swore vengeance on him from that day forward.

Eight years later that vengeance was to be vented when walking back drunk from Byers Green (to his home in Newfield, but a mile away) Tim was jumped upon from behind and knocked to the ground. A voice (which I can only assume must have been very confusing to him at the time) then said to him “Whose a worthless thieving fucking little twatty bastard now”, before a blade was brought across his throat that was to end his life a minute or so later.

Back in them days, forensics weren’t as hot as they are nowadays, and police spent most of their time questioning people who were closely associated with the deceased. Of course, no clue to the real killer could at that time be tracked down and up until George’s capture; the murder remained a complete mystery.  

For George, the power buzz he got from the killing made up for any worries or concerns he may have had before the aforementioned act. But the ecstatic feeling of power that he felt was to be increased when he committed his second murder. You see, Tim Kelpnot, as we know, was not a nice man, and the local populace concluded that what had happened to him had come from someone whom he had no doubt ripped off or cheated in the past (and although this is actually the case, they did not expect that the former shopkeeper had got his just deserts for a measly 10p) so when the second murder occurred, the horrible realisation that a cold blooded killer stalked the area quickly spread a chill of fear through the locals. And Georgie boy loved it.

Once more did he feel he was king of the jungle, master of the realm, back to being the bully that had wrought out his aggression on worried and terrified kids from his schooldays.”

Doctor Jane Beddows, again stopped reading and looked up at the two lads. Shaking her head she said: “I’m sorry if it’s a bit boring and far fetched in places boys but that was the trouble with dear old Sir Randolph, he did fancy himself as a bit of a writer. Always liked to make his written analysis on his patients as dramatic and fantastic as possible.

There’s only a little bit more to read, but if you’ve heard enough then…”

“No no no”, said Richy interrupting her and ignoring the stifled yawn Ned gave. “Please… please continue. This is fascinating stuff!"

With a smile, doctor Beddows continued.

“The second of George’s victims was a woman called Victoria Winbloon. She was now eighty years of age and according to George on her last legs anyhow. She actually lived in Tremwell, by herself in a small bungalow on Vickers Street.  

George had picked Ms.Winbloon for two reasons. Firstly, as she lived by herself, with not even a dog or parrot for protection, this made her a very easy target. Secondly she had stabbed George in the stomach with her walking stick when the pair had waited for a bus. This incident had happened three years ago, and all because George had ever so slightly and accidentally elbowed her in the face while stretching his arms out in a deep sighing Monday morning kind of yawn.

Her body was found four days after her murder. She had been battered to death in her sleep by a shoulder of frozen beef. George had originally wanted to use an elbow of beef to commit his vile act, just to add a touch of irony to his revenge, but had found that cows and other such four-legged animals that the slaughterhouse he worked in dealt with, did not possess elbows. However George was not too fussy about the minute details, and to him at least it all made sense!

George then went on to commit three more murders. The first of these being a spur of the moment killing which George had originally planned to commit in the near future but had unfortunately ran into his victim and had been so angered by the result that Ralph Mongrane met his end days before he should have done. I myself remember this man, a dirty and seedier looking fellow that I ever did see, who would whisper insults and curses beneath his breadth if you were to ever ignore him as you past him by in the street.

Ralph was a busker, and according to George, Ralph would sing dirty and insulting songs (specifically about George, even if he’d stop to give Ralph some money) whenever George walked by him.  

One thing that George really regrets was that he had simply beaten Ralph’s head against the pavement until his brains had decorated the cold grey slabs underfoot. If he’d had only managed to control his temper that day then it would have been the battery powered electric keyboard that George would have used to shut that gobshite up with.

Then there came Mrs. Monruffus, the lollypop-lady. Mrs. Monruffus was very unfortunate to be killed by George, who swears to this day he did not realise that the poor woman had been born slightly cross eyed and with a hair lip. How was he to know that she wasn’t pulling an ugly face at him? And as he has pointed out to me, the one thing about being a certified and paranoid psychopath is that you don’t consider such things as deformities when the blood in your veins is boiling over. And yes, you’ve guessed it. It was the very lollypop that she carried that George grabbed from her grasp to use to beat her to death with.

One good thing did come from the murder of Mrs. Monruffus though and that was the capture of George. You see, unfortunately for George, the power he’d felt he’d gained from the murders was once more making him into the overconfident unstoppable bully of old. And he had not stopped to plan his killing, instead doing it in bright broad daylight in front of a group of school kids that Mrs. Monruffus was helping to cross the road. Each one was a witness to the brutal killing and George knew his mistake had blown his cover.

He fled the scene of his crime, running to his home were police where later to find him settled in front of his telly with his feet up on the couch watching crackerjack. They also found George’s mother Geraldine, dead on the kitchen floor with a carving knife buried in her back.

Strangely, George will not admit to this last murder, and will not even talk about it, instead claiming that she must have fallen over while preparing George’s tea. Very odd to say the least when you consider the boasting and bragging he does when I chat with him about the rest of his despicable crimes.

However, even though he has proven himself to be of the worst type of individual, I still feel that George can be helped. To me it’s more the life that’s been forced upon George rather than his overall mental state that has affected him and made him what he is. I’m sure that with just a bit of understanding, and a little time, his insanity can be fully cured. And it is because of my belief, a belief that states that a good man lies somewhere within the tortured soul, that I will continue to work with George and hope that one day he might take his place back in society.

...............

“Terror and pain!”

“Eh?” said Rich, as the two once more sat in the pub supping down the pints.  

On leaving the asylum the two had discussed their findings on George Albert Klieberson. Ned had hoped that perhaps Rich would have realised something that would give him an advantage in helping Trudy. Something he himself might have missed through their discovery of George’s background. But unfortunately Rich was little help, mainly satisfying himself by stating the obvious, going on about what a nut the guy was and if he’d been turned into the undead killing machine that Ned had seen that night then they were bound to have some serious problems.

But Ned had seen something (at least he hoped he had) and now it was time to share it with Rich.

“Terror and pain man, ya thick twat. That’s what we’ve gotta use against him.”

“Oh I, ar knar that my friend. What do you think I am like? Course I realise that that’s the way to stop him.  All I was saying was it’s not ganna be easy”, said Rich lying through his teeth.

“I remember now you see”, said Ned. “All that shit about him being a bully and a coward, it’s brought it all back.”

Rich nodded his head, then decided on shaking it as he realised that he didn't have a clue as to what Ned was going on about.

“When that piece of shit had me pinned down, I fought back. Well I had too, to tell the truth; otherwise I’d have been ripped in two by the bastard. What I did was, I jabbed my fingers into one of the deep bloody cuts that were all over its body. I remember his face, screamed like a bitch he did. Didn't like it one little bit. Thing was of course, ar too was shitting myself as well, and instead of laying into the git, I turned and ran”.

Ya turned chickenshit then”, said Rich with a grin. Ned ignored him repeating the words “terror and pain.”

“Ay”, said Rich. “You may be right my friend”, as he began to grasp what Ned was getting at. “Terror and pain. Yes my friend, that’ll sort him out all right.”

Suddenly Ned leapt to his feet. “Oh shit”, he said then took a big gulp of fear as he looked at Rich.

“What my friend, what’s up, what’s the matter?”

“I’ve just remembered something, something horrible.”

“What my friend, what?  Is it bad thing? What?”

“It’s your round!”

...............

Up until the next month, when the two hopefully planned on meeting Trudy again as Ned had first done, they also planned their means of dealing with the horror that they now knew to be George Albert Klieberson. This involved closely working together and planning their methods of attack, gathering what equipment and weapons they could, and, Ned presumed, sharing their tactics.

He had known Richy virtually all of his life, so in truth he should have known better, for Richy always liked the surprise element in any situation. That was of course, so long as he knew what the surprise element involved. And during the analysis they had listened to at the asylum, he picked up upon a certain part of Klieberson's life that he felt he could use if the battle to save the ghost girl was to go wrong in someway.

...............

As the days grew closer, and as the anticipation of the forthcoming battle loomed within him, Ned devised a method to stop himself panicking as he had first done when he had faced Klieberson. He knew he was at his bravest with alcohol pumping through his veins, but even that had not been enough to stop him panicking when the fiery effigy had closed upon him. He would of course be prepared this time, knowing what to expect, this though was hardly a comfort. Still he knew that getting somewhat drunk should at least help a bit, but he also knew that there was one other drug that could be added to the alcohol to enhance the bravery within him. This was his favourite kickass music blasting in his ears. 

The alcohol part would be easy. In fact, that was the first thing Rich and he planned on, was to get half cut. The conclusion of this being that if you’re off to fight a big fiery demon that can rip your very head off with a single blow then it's probably best to be a little drunk. That way, missing ones head, hopefully wouldn't hurt so much!

The music though would have to be distilled and edited from his own collection. The reason for this being that he wanted just the snippets of songs, the part of the song that would make you puff your chest out and snarl at the world and all the badness contained within. He needed to form a music tape that would strike a lighted match within his guts, igniting the alcohol inside to boil the blood in his veins.  

So over the next few days he formed a tape to play on his stereo-walkman, recording over a tape he'd nicked from his little sister Kirsty, who had recorded Rick Astley songs upon it (So in his opinion anyway, he was actually doing her a favour). It was not the first time he'd done this, fact was, most of his music he listened too were tapes pinched from his little sister that he'd record his own stuff on. It was a pity really, for if this had been the first time he'd nicked a tape from her then things in the forthcoming events might have turned out quite differently for him! 

...............

PART 3

THE HANDBAG AT TWENTY PACES

On a cold dark night, three figures laughed and joked as they headed down a dimly lit road towards their destination, the Tremwell quarry. A destination were a monster awaited.

The wheels of the shopping trolley squeaked and bounced as Ned pushed it along the rickety callused road. Inside the trolley, twenty four bottles of plain cheap brown vinegar and one large bottle of vodka rattled and clanked together. He was still amazed at how when he'd introduced Trudy to Richy that it was Trudy who was the nervous one, and how Richy upon seeing her had mealy looked her up and down, simply noting: "All right pet. How are ya?" Then turning to him and whispering: I, not bad mate. Are tells ya what, even though she's got no pulse, she's still a hell of a lot better to what I'm used to seeing you with.”

At first Ned had thought Trudy was gone for good as he and Rich trekked down the road and had reached the spot where he had first met her. It was only when he and Rich had split up to look for her, had she approached him. 

She called him a fool, a dick and a buffoon (to be fair he'd been called a lot worse) for bringing along a stranger as she explained she'd been tailing the two for nearly twenty minutes. However when she'd fully calmed down and a hug and a kiss was followed by a quick explanation of who he'd brought with him, and how Rich was his best mate, and how the two planned on helping her had she reluctantly agreed to meet with him. 

After that initial introduction were the two explained to Trudy what they had learned, and how (against her wishes and protests) they were going to give battle to Klieberson, hopefully either destroying his soul, or at least frightening him off, the three settled down and Trudy had even found herself enjoying the banter of the two lads.

She didn't quite know what to make of Richy at first. He was tall and skinny with googly eyes made even more intense by his thick black rimmed spectacles, dressed in a long green overcoat with a blue haversack slung over his back, black cotton trousers that led down to his dirty red and blue trainers. She wasn't sure if he was scary or just plain weird. After a while though and in a strange kind of way she did warm to him, finding his eccentricities oddly funny, the lame stray joke occasionally spinning out from his lips like a half chewed Frisbee being chased down by an overly giddy, slavouring dog. 

He was also very inquisitive, wanting to know all about her and asking if she remembered her death, were she went for the rest of the month, how she coped with hot summers and freezing winters, did she eat or sleep, and a hundred other questions asking what it was like to be a ghost. Most of which she could not answer.

When he suddenly asked if he could examine her handbag, she found herself clutching it tightly, saying to him that a woman's handbag was not for the dirty eyes of blokes to be looking at. With this he had embarrassingly agreed, instead asking if he could have a look at the feather boa then that she had draped around her neck.

At this point she had turned to Ned, giving him a look, a woman's look that spoke volumes to Ned. However, when Ned had told Rich to "Stop arsing about and concentrate on the matter in hand", Rich had explained that he had a theory that could prove important if he was right in their forthcoming battle with Klieberson.

Reluctantly she handed Richy the feather boa to examine. As she did, she felt sort of violated when this odd guy, this stranger, took it from her, eying it closely. It was as though she could feel his hands on the boa as he ran it through his fingers, sending a sickening feeling straight into her gut. He then held it up to the light exclaiming out loud "Ah ha, just as I thought".

"What is it", said Ned to Rich as Trudy shuffled uncomfortably as Rich waved the boa.

"Look at the ground my friend. Even though I hold it in me hands, the boa has no shadow."

"So what like?"

"Don't you see", said Rich, who unlike Ned had not noticed Trudy's discomfort. "The boa is a part of her. It's a piece of her soul!"

Ned then snatched the boa back from Richy and handed it back to Trudy who gave a deep sigh of relief as she draped it back around her.

"So how's that going to help us against Klieberson then?" Ned said angrily.

Rich stood in thought for a moment, then shook his head. "Don't know mate. But ya gotta admit, it is interesting though.”

Ned just shook his head at Rich, giving him a look, before turning to Trudy and putting one arm around her as he pushed the shopping trolley with the other. Trudy's view on Richy changed once more. She now felt that the guy was no doubt up his own elbow. She would have thought up his own arse, but by the way the smug git talked, in that all knowing kind of way, she wasn't sure if he actually knew which was which on himself.

It was perhaps an awkward start for the girl, but as the three chatted some more and as the pain inside her began to grow, she took some comfort in the company of the two's moronic banter as they tried to outdo each other in exploits of past drinking sessions, and slowly she began to warm to Ned's strange friend.

...............

The quarry was now in sight. And the three stopped to take a drink of the vodka.

"What’s in the bag", Trudy said to Rich. Rich didn't reply but instead of letting the awkward silence from Rich live, Ned interjected, saying: "He won't tell you. I've asked him earlier what's in that haversack of his. Sez it's a surprise. I suspect his got it packed full of toilet roll, for when the big demon appears and he shits himself.”

At this, Trudy burst out laughing, her laughter then infecting Ned who too began to chortle and scoff at Richy's expense.

"Listen here you two twerps", said Rich growing annoyed as the two continued their giggling. "Inside this bag is...well, let's just say something that could mean the difference between life and death.”

"Come on Rich", said Trudy. "I promise we won't laugh anymore if you show us", but Rich just tapped his nose, giving off the expression of having some kind of superior knowledge over the pair. A knowledge that Trudy guessed fitted Rich like a glove fits a foot!

The two pressed him for more and made further rude suggestions as to what he was keeping hidden from them, but no matter how much they tried to get Rich to give up his secret, Rich kept stum!  

...............

"So this is it then", said Rich as they reached the edge of the quarry. The idle chit-chat now stopped. The jokes and skits faded away as the three scanned the bleak surroundings of the gray stone floor that years before had been mined by their forefathers. Fortunately a half crescent moon lit up some of their surroundings, illuminating the drabness about them, though the occasional bush or tree sprouted up here and there to add some life into the alien landscape before them.

"You’re sure he'll appear", Rich said to Trudy, breaking the silence.

The pain in her body was at its peak, a sure sign that her demon was watching her, and with a grimace she replied: "He'll come. Soon as I enter in there, that bastard will appear.”

"Right then", said Ned. "We might as well prepare our greeting for the big demonic git.”

And with that, Ned and Rich went to work.

Trudy watched as the two pulled from their pockets over a dozen packs of condoms.

"Er...guys...erm...what are you planning on doing?"

"Where going to bomb the bastard", said Ned with a grin as he ripped open the wrapper and pulled out the rubber inside.

"Hey pet", said Richy to her as she watched flabbergasted, leaning on the shopping trolley for support as the pain inside ate away at her. "Pass us some of those bottles down, would ya".

She watched as the pair slowly and meticulously filled up the condoms with vinegar, before tying off the ends, creating small balloons of vinegar. By the time they were finished, each had around twenty or so vinegar condom balloons laid next to them on the ground.

"You got the blades", said Ned to Rich.

Rich undid the zipper on the front of his coat and much to Trudy's surprise pulled out two large wooden handled machetes. He passed one to Ned, who took it; examine the blade, as though he actually had some clue as to why he was examining it.

"You two do realise that Klieberson is already dead, don't you?"

Don't worry yoursell pet", said Richy. "Once where finished with him, he'll be a lot deader.” 

"Right then, lets get this show on the road.”

Trudy was then given instructions to remain were she was while Ned and Rich took up their positions.

The two slowly entered into the quarry, pushing the trolley side by side with machetes in hand. Each looked one way and the other, their eyes searching for any signs of movement.

"You O.K", said Ned to Rich as they approached the centre.

"Shitting bricks mate. How's about yourself?"

Ned didn't answer. Though from the way his machete shook, and the way his wide eyed head darted one way then the other, it didn't take a genius to work out that he too was building up the proverbial old smelly house in his pants.

However, they reached the centre without incident, then taking the bottle of vodka from the shopping trolley, each took a fair old swig, the courage water at least calming them a little if nothing else. Ned then reached into his left coat pocket, drawing out his walkman and headphones, then attaching the walkman to his belt and placing his headphones around his neck, he took a deep breath, motioning for Trudy to slowly enter into the quarry and work her way towards them.

As she worked her way forward, the pain leaving her, only to be replaced by a terror of knowing of the horror that was to come, she shook her head, knowing that the insane plan's most possible conclusion would be for her to be ripped once more into shreds. But with a grim determination, she gripped tight her handbag, feeling her nails digging into the leather sides.

As she neared the spot where the two lads stood, she suddenly felt a heat hit her from behind, her nostrils filled with the smell of burning flesh and the gray gloom washed away as a fiery light began to grow. She knew instantly Klieberson had appeared behind her, and her eyes bulged in fear knowing her killer was at her back. As she ran towards the two lads, she tripped, dropping her handbag as she fell twenty paces from were Ned had parked the shopping trolley, instantly she sprang back to her feet knowing that the nightmare man would be on her if she didn't run for all she was worth. Screaming in fear as she sped past the two, briefly glimpsing the pair, one of whom looked ready for battle, while the other looked ready to faint.

"THIS IS IT RICHY. LET THE BIG BASTARD AVE IT", shouted Ned, hurling a vinegar filled condom bomb at the apparition in front of him as Trudy ran past, running once more to escape a fate far much worse than death.

Music pounded in Ned's ears as the first vinegar bomb struck Klieberson as he advanced on the two. It struck the creature square on, and the result was impressive. Klieberson stopped in his tracks, the vinegar seeping into his torn flesh, the pain causing the beast to shrink and the flames to falter, his many eyes opened wide as if in shock.

"Aye I, ya big fucker", shouted Ned at him as he grabbed another rubber bomb of pain before turning to Rich to gloat in his small victory.

Rich however wasn't responding. In fact Rich wasn't doing anything. Frozen in fear, mouth agape, and as pale as the proverbial ghost that many a written ghost story should be.

Ned didn't have time to give his mate a shake, for Klieberson once more approached, growing again, snarling, grinding his many mouths of teeth and letting out a howl of hate that shook the dirty ground on which they stood. The fight was most certainly now on! 

...............

Trudy ran as fast as she could. And not just because she was scared out of her wits, it was the instruction that she had been given by the two once Klieberson made his entrance. They had assured her that her job was simply to get him to materialise, then for her to get as far out of the way as possible and leave the rest to them.

She puffed and panted as she reached the outskirts of the quarry, turning now to see what was happening. Klieberson was there, though not quite in all his glory, flames still soared around him, but he was not quite as big and frightening as he usually was. 

A few meters in front of him, Ned stood, behind the shopping trolley, throwing rubber bombs like there was no tomorrow. Each time she noted a rubber bomb struck the beast, he seemed to shrink a little, moving back from his attacker, his flames becoming less vibrant. But we're was Richy? She scanned the surroundings in search of him, but he was nowhere to be seen. A worried look spread across her face as she realised that her lover was all alone against her evil nemesis.

...............

Peeping through a scraggly old thorn bush, around thirty metres from where an epic battle was being fought out, Richy shook in fear. Even with a belly full of vodka, a detailed description of what the beast looked like that he was about to face with his mate, and a big fuck-off machete strapped to his side, the horror of seeing that thing was all too much for him. At first he had been frozen to the spot, unable to do anything except stare goggle eyed at the monster. Then his legs had shouted "Run ya silly sod!" at him. And with that he had scarpered, leaving his best friend to fend for himself.

Now as he looked on, watching his mate throwing the vinegar bombs, he tried to build back his courage, talking to himself, trying to convince his own mind that actually he really should help. 

"What are you doing you pussy? You lily-livered coward. Get out there and help you ninnyhammer. Your nothing but a big girls blouse, come on man ya soft twat, get out there for God's sake.”

It was a valiant attempt by himself, a truly heroic speech, but as he made to get up from his hiding place he couldn't stop himself from thinking again.

"Don't be a fool man! Look at that thing. It's not even alive for fucks sake. Ned's a good mate and everything, but let's face it, at times he can be a bit of a tit. You can always find yourself another drinking pal. You’re still young, far too young to die! Ar mean come on, it's one thing to actually plan a fight against a monster like that, but putting it into practice is a whole different thing altogether. Your hardly Rambo, and Ned is certainly no Terminator. Besides this is not your fight. It's his girl after all. You've got nowt to gain from all this.”

With this spineless thought, Rich had to agree with himself. Besides, by the way his whole body was dancing to the jiggle of a rat-ta-tat-tat; he'd most probably be of little use anyway. 

"Only get in the way, fall on my arse, then get torn to shreds." And with this last thought he was decided, he would remain hidden, hidden away like a cowardly and shrivelled up ball-bag that he deep down knew he always was.

...............

As Ned threw bomb after bomb every time Klieberson closed in on him, he had to convince himself not to join that sack a shit of a mate of his and leg it away like a big blubbering baby. Fortunately the music was helping. Elvis was indeed right, a little less conversation was defiantly not needed at this point as he hurled yet another of his rubber bombs of hurt, and much to his surprise, his is plan was working.

Klieberson closed once more, only to be met by a rubber full of upset, as Paul sang in Ned's ears something of dodging trees, before Buster interrupted, setting his fat lip up.

Over and over this went on, Klieberson closing in while Ned hurled away, being encouraged by the likes of Ian wobbling on the cobbles, or by Shane singing something of fowling himself in Frankfurt as a train of death approached. 

...............

Klieberson was now only half the size of his former self. His flames a mere lick as they ran across his deformed body. He tried yet again for the umpteenth time to smite the foe in front of him, but again he was greeted by a burst of watery acidic soreness. 

And as defeat became a realisation and an all too clear prospect, his monstrous form began to change and remould itself, the burning flames died, leaving the charcoaled flesh beneath. The many dead rats that had become a part of him, ceased moving, their tiny vicious teeth now lacked the chattering evil snap. His once torn, split and befuddled brain, began to shrink back down and reform itself, and with this, some memories of his past life came flooding back to him, how he hated pain and humiliation above all else. Hated how the man in front of him had reduced him from a glorious terror into the sad and pathetic thing he was now becoming.

He tried pathetically again but as the man picked up another of the watery blobs from out of the silvery cage, revealing an armpit pitted in sweat, and above this a snarl of determination and eyes dowsed with hatred, Klieberson knew that he now faced an opponent as mad and as angry as he himself, that only moments before, he had been. Klieberson found himself remembering more and more. And additional to the new memories came intelligence, and much to his own astonishment as his brain continued to shrink back into shape, Klieberson regained the power of speech. And with it he shouted out to the man in front of him: "WHO ARE YOU? WHAT ARE YOU? ARE YOU DEATH?"

Although Ned saw the deformed mouths of the beast move, and even heard something of the noise as the words left it, he didn't quite catch all of what Klieberson said, as his music drowned out most of the words. But still as he realised that Klieberson had said something to him and he felt that some form of retort was called for, deciding to quote the lyrics from John who was currently singing to him. 

So it was Klieberson, who was a touch confused when Ned retorted back to him: "COO COO CACHOO...MUTHAFUCKER!" (Though obviously with the one extra word adding itself to classic lyrics).

...............

Trudy watched the battle from a distance. At first she had been terrified for Ned's safety, but as she watched the monster shrink and fail in front of her beloved, she began to realise that victory was looming. And although she hadn't a clue as to what would actually happen should Klieberson be defeated, she knew that it must be a good thing.

As more and more of the vinegar seeped into the horrid monsters wounds, she suddenly felt a strange feeling. The hate and dread that held the monster to the earth's crust, giving him the power to keep her in eternal bondage, linking her to him, forever to walk the long slog back to her doom, began to dissipate.

Perhaps, just perhaps her soul would be set free this night. 

...............

As another pain bubble burst on him, another memory came to him. This memory brought back the face of his tormentor, he remembered he had seen him before. He had faced that face and triumphed. The man in front of him was not a monster full of rage more terrifying than he himself could ever be, he had seen that face terrified, frightened, seen the man running scared, scared of him, scared and running for his life.

It wasn't a lot to go on but it was enough for Klieberson to fight back against the pain, so with one last mad attempt, he flung himself forward, ignoring yet another of the man's assaults, hurling himself into the shopping trolley in front of him, knocking the man over to the ground who shouted out as his body struck the hard cold earth.

It was just what Klieberson needed. Just what the doctor would have ordered, had he not cut off the doctors head! The scream of pain from the man, the trolley spun over, the contents inside spilling onto the ground, some bursting as they did caused Klieberson once more to feel powerful and terrible. 

He began to grow again. Looking down he saw the man on the ground looking up at him with a face filled with fear, he then looked over into the distance to were the girl in the pink dress stood and he felt inside him her growing terror and anguish. His flames sprang back across him, lighting up the night, the heat bursting any of the condoms that had survived moments before. He was well and truly back to his former, terrible, old self.

...............

Suddenly, the hope she felt moments afore was dashed away as she witnessed the monsters successful last ditch attack. It felt like she was watching some terrible rebirth as she beheld his new found growth, becoming dominant and dreadful once more.

...............

“Come on sad sack”, he thought to himself as he watched the terrible mauling of his mate. “That shopping trolley aint gonna last much longer. Come on man, grow a pair and do something for fucks sake!”

But what could he do? How could he possibly help?

And that’s when he remembered the stuff he’d brought in his haversack!

...............

Ned's left forearm was bleeding badly. The beast had but moments before swung a huge fist at him as he lay prone. He had dived backwards to avoid the blow, holding his arms up to his face as he did. Luckily for him the blow smashed into his left forearm, saving his face from being sliced, but now three deep cuts leaked blood down his wrist, his left arm tingling from loss of this blood, but this, at least for the moment, was the least of his worries.

He now hid beneath the shopping trolley, upturning it so he was encased within the metal basket. Around him a huge booming evil laughter sounded as Klieberson smashed the sides of the trolley with his mightily grotesque burning fists sending shards of biting hot glass everywhere.

But things were about to get a whole lot worse. As his mishmashed music tape played in his ears and he found himself agreeing with Nina that everyone indeed was a Captain Kirk, bringing a new hope into his bones that some form of retaliation could be brought forward, the music suddenly went dead and a hissing noise sounded before a click was heard. Then a voice he knew all too well said: "Testing testing...is it on...Right...So, pinch my music tapes will you. Tape over my beloved Rick with this nonsense. Ned your such a dick! There's not even a full song on here, you weirdo! But you know what; I can play your silly little game too."

Suddenly the music started back up, only this time it was Astley singing.

"NOOOOooooo", screamed Ned as he ripped the headphones from his ears, though whether this be from the fact that at that moment a blow from Klieberson lifted the shopping trolley some two feet off the ground, Ned panicking that his only shield was about to be taken from him, or because he disagreed strongly with Rick and was quite happy to give him up, then let him down, was something I guess we'll never know! 

...............

It felt good to be back to his former self. And it felt even better to have this poor little trapped man hiding beneath the silver cage to play with and torment. He would make the little mans torture last a long time. He would pay for the way he had caused him so much pain, so much humiliation and distress. He would slice and dice him, sever and rip him, tear out his guts, spill his brains and stamp on his balls.

But for now he was quite happy torturing the little shit, enjoying the screams of terror that the little man gave out every time he smashed into the cage. Glorying in the fear as the scared eyes peeped out, knowing soon their doom would come. This for Klieberson was going to be immense fun. 

When suddenly a shrilling voice from behind him cried out: “Dick-head, dick-head, just like his father. Dick-head, dick-head, just like his father”. 

Instead of turning round to face the speaker, something within the shattered thoughts of Klieberson registered. Those words, those horrible words, surely it couldn’t be? He turned slowly, and what he saw made his form shrink and dwindle down yet again, for standing behind him was none other than Klieberson’s very own dead mother.

“That’s right twatface”, said his long dead mother. “It’s me, your dear old mum. Back from the dead and ready to kick your lousy arse, you big useless gobshite!”

Klieberson was stunned. What he saw made him question his own insanity. Surely it could not be her, but how could his many eyes deceive him so?

“You miserable filth! You pathetic excuse for a demon. You no good nowt. Yer a dick, a sodden worthless four hundred eyed ugly fuckwit!”

On and on came the insults, but Klieberson had suddenly stopped shrinking, and although he did not grow any more, a strange look of confusion had come over him as he studied the effigy of his mother in front of him. Something about her just wasn’t right.

For starters she was too tall, and the way she stood up straight instead of being a bit hunched over was all wrong. And there were other things not right, her hair, though wild and gray, wasn’t as long as he remembered it. The shabby blue dress was in a different style, and for some reason she was wearing red and blue trainers, and although hideously grotesque, her face was still different to how he remembered it, the deep wrinkles nowhere to be seen, and the cold steely blue eyes replaced with brown and shiny ones. Although the insults came thick and fast, the voice, although shrill and high pitched did not have the awful power of his hated sibling. 

Suddenly the many mouths gave a snarl, and the eyes narrowed. Klieberson realised that something was not quite right here. Something just didn’t add up!

Again he grew angry; the rats encased in his flesh that had become a part of him began to bite once more as he began to rise up, his flames dancing viciously about him as he spat out the words: “You’re not my mother!" 

...............

“You great big steaming turd. Your a hobnob missing its hob. An arsehole minus the buttcheeks. Your a...” things were going well. In fact things were going better than he could have possibly have hoped, as a string of insults, spiced up with the worst kind of potty language left his mouth. Richy was most certainly in his element, lost in himself, he did not notice how Klieberson had stopped shrinking and looking at him in horror, instead now his many eyes narrowed and studied him.

Your a complete and utter...” suddenly Richy stopped. “What was that?” he thought to himself. “What did the creature just say?” 

Slowly his brain meshed together the words and with it he realised he was in some very deep doo-doo!

“Eh...What do you mean”, he said, forgetting to put on the shrill voice in his panic. 
“Of course I’m your mum.”

“Well then mummy”, said a snarling Klieberson. “You won’t mind then if I give you a hug for old time’s sake.” 

Just for a moment Richy froze. But as Klieberson approached him, his arms outstretched, growing bigger and bigger by the second, Richy decided to put his second secret plan into action.

“TO BE OR NOT TO BE”, he yelled, remembering to put on the shrill voice.

Klieberson stopped in his tracks. He was now not so sure, perhaps he had been wrong and it was the dreaded old harpy risen from the grave. How else could anyone know how she’d torture and frighten him with her recitals of the Great Bards plays? Just for the moment anyway, he didn’t know what to do!

...............

To be fair, it had been quite a clever plan by Richy. Especially this last part of reciting old Shakey to the horror that now stood in front of him. However there was one floor to his plan that he’d overlooked. You see Richy was a modern day kind of a guy, watching all the current films and never once stepping foot inside some dingy old theatre. This meant one important thing. Richy, apart from knowing the one or two lines from Shakespeare's plays, the ones that practically everyone know of, was a little at a loss as of too much else. And now that he found himself in a situation were a big horrible monster was about to spread his insides like butter and make him the brown bread, he wished he’d thought of revising some of the plays some more. That way his plan would truly have been clever!

However, the one thing you could always say about Rich was that he was never ready to admit defeat when it came to performing with the old vocal gymnastics and he felt quite confident that what he didn’t know about Shakespeare didn’t really matter. For what he had heard in the past had all pretty much sounded the same to his uncouth ears, so with a stubborn shrug and a bold stance, Richy decided he would blag it.

"Romeo Romeo, let this dagger before me take a pound of thy flesh and...er....and so embarrassed was thee old man of Loch Nagar that from that day forward he wore a pair of woolly Y-fronts to disguise the shame he felt, and never more did the fair maidens of the land flee in terror as he jumped out from behind a bush waving his kilt in the air!"

For the moment at least Klieberson had stopped. Listening to the strange thing in front of him spouting out inane nonsense. Richy, realising that he was still alive, decided to continue.

"For you shall all fear me, and know me by name, for I am a coward of insensible...erm...I mean...inexcusable aromas. So fear me. Me, who has defecated into the future footfalls of a blind man, and waged battle with a Scottish kangaroo.

Fear me, I hear you say. Why? Why you may well ask. Well I'll tel you.

For I be he. But who be ye, I hear you ask again. Who am I, you may well ask, say I. 

Why I am none other than Milthy Swinebuckle. He who gave Terry Nuttkin power over all the animals. Ruler of the Happy Wackies. Enslaver of wombles. Friend, consort, brother, sister, father and mother to all and none. And of course, personal bumchum to my fellow...erm fellow Snozzlegrots. I speak of course of the one and only Mister Hairy Monkfish and the dirty inbred Randy Stodgeflaps.

I Milthy Swinebuckle have spoken!"

...............

Ned watched from a not too safe distance behind Klieberson as Richy rabbited on. He looked at his mate, shaking his head as the fool performed for the demon. He had known a lot of strange individuals in his life, but only Richy could have come up with such a mad scheme.

Still, it had worked, at least for the time being, and because of it his own bacon had been saved. Now as he watched he wondered what to do! He knew that the idiot’s ramblings would not hold Klieberson off for long. And if he didn't want to watch Richy turned into tiny pieces of flesh coloured confetti then he would need to do something quick fast.

His first thought was too his machete. But as he looked at the size of the beast, and the flames encircling it, he decided that the big butch macho stuff could wait till he'd got some of his bottle back that he'd lost when he'd nearly wet himself under the shopping trolley.

There was one condom left. One that he'd kept in his pocket for later in the hope that after defeating Klieberson, Trudy would be all over him. After all, a victory shag would be a well deserved prize from his lass. Of course, with her being dead and all, he did wonder if perhaps a condom would be actually needed anyway? But he thought it was always better to be safe than sorry (and let's face it, dead or not, women can be funny on such matters).

He had one problem though. There was no vinegar to fill it with. However, a resourceful young lad like Ned wasn't going to let this stop him, for there was one obvious solution.

"Come on, come on" whispered Ned to himself. "Think of babbling brooks, waterfalls...err rainy days, running the bath and...and...whoops here we go...AH...much better!"

...............

"Now then, my fine fiery fiend, let me tell you of the three great humpty hero kings, who were all called Richard, and how they overcame all the odds the time they faced the evil emperor Julius Caesar in a three on one fight to the death. On that glorious midsummer night's day, the three Richard’s brought forth the mighty chainsaws of foresters, given to them by that bloke in Macbeth. While Jules employed a large rubber..."

On and on went Richy, prancing and dancing around like an idiot on a stage as he wove great epic stories of such utter rubbish that even a politician who had turned his hand to writing would find the whole thing offensive. On and on he went, that is until Klieberson got bored and decided on killing the man dressed as his mother with a sharp and lethal right hand swipe of his mighty glass encrusted fist.

Richy was lucky in avoiding the blow as he was actually beginning to enjoy himself as he spouted out a stream of made up story after made up story, getting rather carried away and lost within his own imaginings. But just in the nick of time he flung himself backwards, though he tripped over his long dress, falling face first to the ground, with his arse up in the air and at the mercy of the beast. He grimaced, hoping beyond all hope that he would be quick enough to regain his footing and leg it from the spot before Klieberson ripped him a new hole.

...............

As Klieberson raised a fist for another strike, again he was similarly interrupted as a voice behind him this time shouted out: "OI YOU! YER YOU. KLIEBERSON, YA BIG FAT BASTARD. COME OVER HERE AND PICK ON SOMEONE YER OWN SIZE."

In a hand raised above his head as if to throw, Ned held a water bomb that had caused Klieberson so much pain.

"That’s right pal", said Ned as the beast turned yet again to face him, before slowly beginning its advance.

"You remember what this does don't ya. Well, this my friend is a special one. This one is extra powerful. This one will..."

Ned didn't get to finish his threat as Klieberson at this point had had enough. Pain or not, he was not going to let these two morons pull off any more of their daft stunts. Even the knowing of the forthcoming sting that would be inflicted on him by the bomb was not going to stop him this time.

With a roar, Klieberson hurled a haymaker at the annoying little man he had faced before. Again though, Ned was too fast, though he wasn't expecting the swift attack, and as he dodged his hand clasped too tightly, shattering the raised condom bomb in his hand, and dowsing himself in his own piss.

As Klieberson gave a mighty howling laugh, closing again for another strike, Ned quickly drew from his belt the machete and prepared to face the monster with it, old school style. He had no other choice, the plan he and Rich had devised had failed, his only other option now would be to run, but how could he do that. How could he admit defeat and face Trudy. He was too determined; a conclusion of sorts would have to be reached!

...............

It was a brave and chivalrous effort by the two, but alas, they were never going to be a match for the insane dead killer. They fought now together against him, each wielding a machete and slicing into the burning flesh. Klieberson however now seemed untroubled by the pain as the blades bit into him, he looked now at the two as pathetic individuals, pipsqueaks compared to his power, and even though they fought bravely, striking blows that caused him pain, he had changed somewhat, for now he was as determined as them, and instead of fearing pain and all the humiliation it brought, he now ignored it, crushing any distress that had once terrified him. So unknown to Ned and Rich, they were having virtually no effect on the monster, whereas his attacks on them were beginning to take there toll. 


To add to the wound on his arm, Ned now sported a five painful and movement slowing lacerations to his right leg. Rich had been caught by a blow on the top of the head, and though not too serious, it did cause his blood to run down into his eyes making it hard to see any oncoming swings hurled at him (and as Ned would point out sarcastically if they hadn't been fighting for their lives, it had also ruined the front of his pretty blue dress).

It was just a matter of time now, either they would see sense and run, or Klieberson would claim two more victims to add to his bloody list.

...............

Watching from a distance she had seen it all. Several times she had found herself running forward, but the fear generated as she watched the three fight two and fro, sometimes thinking that at any moment they were about to fall to her killers fists, then seeing how they had fought back, the hope growing once more within her, pulling her back, telling her not to be so hasty, in expectation that perhaps Klieberson had this time finally met his match.

But now things were different. It was obvious to her that they now fought a losing battle and were sacrificing themselves for her.

She looked on the young lad who a month ago she had fallen in love with. Watched as the creature struck him again causing a new wound to his body, watched as the other lad, even though he barely knew her risked everything, defending his mate and for his troubles gaining a flesh ripping strike as well. Watched as they hopelessly gave their all for her, and as she watched she began to weep.

But these weren't no ordinary tears of sorrow, or even tears spilled from the knowledge that she may forever be destined to walk the long slog back forever, facing her killer at the end of every trek. These were red hot boiling tears of pure anger.

She too had now decided that enough was enough, the years of fear and terror that Klieberson held over her disintegrated in a heartbeat as she let out a yell that sounded more like the sound of a soul freezing roar a lioness gives out as she defends her young from predators, tearing through the night air, a sound that should not be possible from such tiny lungs.

She began to run forward, charging towards the three, and as she did a strange transformation began to take place.

...............

He was playing with them now, toying as their exhausted bodies tried their best to avoid his blows. He could kill them easily but having overcome his own fear he had decided that the two would pay. He would slice them slowly, drain their blood from their bodies drip by brutal drip. They would experience a pain like no other as he tortured them to death, and the girl in the pink dress would watch. He gave out one of his great booming laughs as the man he'd first encountered a month ago, dropped to his knees, his face white and sweating.

Normally a laugh from him was a horror in itself, but as he guffawed in glee another sound drowned him out. This sound brought terror to his face, stamping on the newly found confidence within him. Turning he witnessed something more frightening than any nightmare even his deranged mind could dream up.

...............

As she ran, she grew. Her body bursting out like an acorn growing to a mighty oak in a matter of moments. Her once small lithe frame now danced with thick muscle so dense and powerful that even Dr. David Banner would wince at the sight of her. Her black P.V.C boots and pink dress both sprouted out sharp metal spikes and her feather boa now looked like a huge yellow snake, writhing about her shoulders, with each of its feathers becoming foot long blades of sharp feathery steel.

...............

All three had stopped fighting, each watching terrified as this new immensely huge apparition came bounding towards them in the distance, its black booted legs the thickness of tree trunks throwing up rocks and dirt with each stomping footfall. It looked like some ancient ogre made flesh, from a child's fairytale, with a huge yellow boa constrictor wrapping itself about it. 

(I have left the description fairly vague here for a purpose. For the horribleness is far too graphic to describe to a humble reader like yourself. Let's just say it was Y-front bulging stuff. And I'm not talking about the front of your dirty kecks either, ya perv!) 

...............

Klieberson began to shrink once more, and as he did his synapses connected. A sudden moment of inspiration struck him, and he guessed at what this new devil was and why it was so mad. If he was right then just perhaps there was a way to stop it before the monster reached him. He turned to the young man who had dropped to his knees and prepared to finish him off, but as he raised up a burning fist, something large and silver leaped at him. 

It looked like a large inflated stomach with shiny gold dagger like teeth running down one side of it. Opening up its huge maw it bit at his arm as he fearfully tried to push it away. 

His arm sank into the mouth of the thing which instantly snapped its jaws shut, severing his arm and swallowing it into its floppy silver stomach. He screamed out a cry of pure fear as the thing leaped again at him, trying his hardest to fend the thing off with his one arm as the great jaws snapped and grinded viciously.

...............

Richy and Ned, both now totally exhausted, could do nothing but watch as this new creature fought with Klieberson. Whatever the thing was it had bounded over Richy in one mighty leap, landing in front of Klieberson and severing then eating one of his arms.

They watched astonished as it lunged at him again, the horrid golden teeth taking another chunk from his body. Within but a few moments there was nothing left of him as it ate him all up, though the silver, now bloated gut, writhed and pulsed, and from inside a low defeated scream of agony could be just made out.

Slowly the strange thing began to shrink down, once more becoming the handbag that Trudy had dropped, though inside a wriggling could still be seen.

...............

As she reached the two lads as they stood staring in shock at her handbag, she herself had shrunk back down to her normal size and not a hint of her hatred made flesh remained. She joined them, standing next to Ned, looking down at the small handbag and slowly a smile began to spread across her face.

"It's over", she said addressing no one in particular.

"That thing. That was yer handbag", said Ned still looking shocked.

"AH HA. I WAS RIGHT THEN", shouted Richy suddenly. He now had got over his shock and had worked out what had actually happened. And upon realising this, he took the opportunity to boast.

"Fucking genius me", he said with the smuggest of grins to Ned who was still wide eyed and confused as to what had just happened.

As the bag writhed on the ground, Rich then looked at Trudy who was pulling her face in disgust.

"That's him inside there isn't it?"

"Yeah", she replied. "I can feel his slimy body struggling to get out me. I mean my bag".

"Dirty bastard", said Rich looking down at the bag with the same disgust.

"Lucky bastard", whispered Ned to Trudy with a cheeky grin on his face as he finally understood what was going on.

She then knelt down and picked up the handbag, reaching for the golden zipper.

"WHOOOAAA", both lads shouted in unison as she made to pull it open.

"Its O.K you pair of soft shites", she said with a laugh. "He can't hurt us now. He's finished, we've beaten him." Then much to the shock of the two, as each took a step backwards and reached for their blades, she pulled open the zip and spilled out the contents onto the muddy ground.

With a plip and a plop, Klieberson slimily fell out onto the ground, though he now looked a completely different thing altogether. Small and brown, with a few wisps of steam escaping here and there, he now only sported the two eyes, and a downward turned mouth. He looked like the most pathetic thing the three had ever seen, and it was left to Richy to sum him up.

"Ha ha ha...he looks like a great big steaming turd, with eyes and a mouth drawn on", and at this all three started to laugh. The relief spilling from them as each looked at Klieberson and thought of Richy's silly statement.

"Go on. Be off with ya", said Ned to the small brown lump which Klieberson's soul had become. As Klieberson slopped away, Ned gave him a little kick in what he presumed must be his arse.

They all watched him scuttle off like a slug. As he went his form grew fainter and fainter until there was nothing left.

"His gone", she said. "I'm free". She gazed into the night, shaking her head in disbelief, unable to believe the feeling inside of her that told her it was finally all over. 

"That was amazing", said Ned giving Trudy a nudge, bringing her thoughts back to the here and now. "That monster you turned into...WOW"!

"Yeah", said Richy. "It was like watching an adult version of Power Rangers".

Both lads again laughed but Trudy remained silent, she stared again into the space were Klieberson had vanished, and even though she knew it was all over she still felt empty inside, like an old broken walking stick who's owner had kept for sentimental reasons only, but had now passed on.   

On seeing the tears on her cheeks, Ned approached her and put a loving arm about her shoulders.

"URrrggghhhh." She said, her nose wrinkling in disgust. "You stink of piss!"

With this Richy started to laugh.

"What you laughing at", said a disgruntled Ned getting annoyed with his mate.

"Oh, I'm sorry", replied a still laughing Richy. "Please don't become PISSED off at me....ha ha."

Ned was now fuming. It was bloody annoying to get knocked back by his lass. Bloody annoying to be covered in his own piss. But having some dickhead take the piss out of the piss was the last straw. The king of all comebacks was what was needed here!

"So Richy. You want to tell us something then. Been raiding yer mams wardrobe have we?"

"Leave him alone Ned", Trudy said giving Ned a light slap across the back of his head.

"Hey, lay off. He's the one who started it. Although when I say he...well, I'm sure that to himself he may look like a women but to anyone else he looks like the world's worst drag act."

This last statement earned Ned another telling off from Trudy who told him to leave Richy alone, reminding Ned that if Richy hadn't had the foresight to dress as he did then he might not be here right now. 

And at this point Rich would have no doubt have done himself a world of favours if he'd just kept quiet and wallowed in the girls pity for him. Unfortunately Rich was now fuming too, hitting back with the retort: "Yeah well mate, at least I'm not a fucking necrophiliac!"

At this point (as you can imagine) Trudy lost all her sympathy for him and just as he finished his put down, feeling once more he was the master of the situation, Rich too found himself receiving a cuff around the back of the head.

Once the arguing had calmed down and the jokes and bravado had been put aside, a new worrying thought struck Ned.

"What now then?", he said worriedly, half expecting Trudy's form to vanish suddenly. 

"I don't know. Let's...let's just walk", she said grasping him tight and trying her best to ignore his pungent aroma. "Let's all go somewhere a little better before the sun comes up."

And with that the three headed off.

...............

Epilogue


As for what happened next, well I'm a bit at a loss to tell the truth. For you see, Ned, Richy or Trudy never did tell me what happened after they defeated Klieberson. To this I can only guess.

You could of course think of your own ending, use your imagination for a change, dream up something happy or sad to finish it, and above all stop hassling me! After all, don't you think I've done enough for today! I've got other things to do, other stuff to write! I mean, it's getting late and I haven't even had my supper yet!

However, don't fret yourselves for I have given it some thought and have come up with six alternative endings. So if you can't be arsed for once in your life to turn on ye old gray matter then I suppose you could read them. I suspect there is a chance that perhaps one of them indeed may well be the actual ending. Perhaps!

(As an added note, I would ignore endings one to four. Their bloody stupid!)

...............

ENDING ONE

The Abrupt and Absolute Ending


As the three headed off into the night, laughing and joking as they went, the night sky suddenly lit up as the earth came to a sudden and abrupt halt. A huge meteor crashing into it, destroying all life and splitting the earth in two.

...............

ENDING TWO

The Ending that's Nearly the Same as the Last Ending, Only Instead of it Being A Meteorite, Aliens did it Using a Planet Destroying Death ray


Aliens did it!

...............

ENDING THREE

The "Ned Was Right all Along When He First Made Guesses at What Trudy Might Be" Ending


The whole thing was a cunning ploy by the evil creatures from another dimension, who then grabbed the two lads and proceeded in sucking out their brains.

(This ending should defiantly be ignored. Please just pretend that this ending didn't actually happen. I know some of the other endings are rather daft, but this ending is just wrong in so many ways...so I'm sorry...please move on...nothing to see here...go on, bugger off!)

...............

ENDING FOUR

The "What Are They Doing? Sounds Like Something Filthy" Ending

"Ooooo", said Trudy.

"Arrrrrr", said Ned.

"Mmmmm", said Richy.

"Move over and let us put these in", said Ned with a wink.

"Not until you spit on them first", said Trudy.

"OOOoooOOO", said Ned and Richy in unison.

...............

ENDING FIVE

The "Hmmm...THAT'S QUITE A PLAUSIBLE" ENDING


On a cold dark winters night, in the pub called "The Weeping Dragon", Richy and Ned both sat down having bought themselves a pint from the big fat bastard of a Landlord called Bob that neither of the two ever cared much for. In truth it was an absolutely awful pub with some of the worst watered down beer around, but it was local, and more importantly, cheap. Besides, tonight was a night when the grim mood of the place seemed to fit in with the two's drinking. 

"Come on Ned", said Rich trying yet again to bring some cheer to his mate. "You did all that you could have done."

But Ned was inconsolable. For the last three months he had met up with Trudy on the long slog back to Tremwell, walking and talking and falling deeper in love with her. Even during that first month he had noticed how her form was fading, becoming more transparent as though the shadow she lacked became her, until by the third month as they had walked along together, she’d vanished completely.

They had shared those short precious moments together, enjoying the company that each provided the other, but the inevitability of her passing was always there, like a surgeon's scalpel, waiting to cut the umbilical chord that tethered her still, though neither at first talked of it. During that final month, she had told him to move on, find someone else, settle down and perhaps even start a family. But this was little consolation, the end coming way too quick as her form finally vanished and he found himself walking alone with only the scars and the memories.

Richy knew it would take time. A long time if needed.

Neither of the two had experienced loss in such a way, but he knew that his friend was young and daft at heart, and he knew that age old saying “time is the greatest of healers” was perhaps his only hope if he was ever to get Ned back to the way he once was.

So in the end he let his friend mourn her, and put his faith in that age old saying. Well that and the beer filling his mate’s guts. The one truth he did know was that a belly full of beer if drunk in the right company could out perform a thousand shrinks and their psychobabble.

It would certainly take time though, perhaps even a long time, but eventually he would move on and laugh with him once more at the crazy world we all find ourselves inhabiting. 

...............

ENDING SIX

THE "LOVEY DOVEY" ENDING


On a cold dark winters night, as a thin lair of snow covered the road and dusted the many trees at its edge from the long slog back from Durham to Tremwell, a young couple walked hand in hand. They were a fairly ordinary young couple, seeming to be very much in love, cuddling and chatting in that way that young lovers do. The only thing odd about them to note, though there was nobody around to see them, was that the girl was virtually invisible. A pale shadow walking arm in arm with her lover.

"This is it Ned. I know it. I feel myself slipping away..."

Ned didn't reply as Trudy gave him a speech on how he should move on with his life once she was gone. He was virtually unaware as she told him that soon he'd forget her and find someone else, perhaps even start a family of his own. His brain was in a fuddle, his insides torn and shredded for he knew that this was indeed the last time he would ever see her.

Over the past three months she'd become less and less, a wraith in the night, almost invisible to the naked eye. Soon there'd be nothing left at all.

In the distance they heard a truck coming and instantly Trudy pulled him into the shadows, she did not know quite the reason why but she knew that for whatever reason the outside world must never know of her. She waited with Ned, hiding behind a bush as a speeding truck approached, its intense bright lights illuminating the white road and snowy covered plants that grew at the roads edge as its wheels skidded along, fighting to keep a straight line every time a bump or delve was driven over. At this time of night she had learned that it was quite common for vehicles to fly past, ignoring speed limits as the coppers were highly unlikely to be patrolling on such an ungodly hour.

As the truck grew nearer, a bolt of inspiration struck, and Ned made his move.

She tried to pull him back. Her hands grabbing his arm, but she just wasn't strong enough.

On a cold dark winter’s night, a speeding truck, driven by a driver half asleep and wanting to finish his shift and get back home as quick as possible, racing to make a last delivery to the Tremwell supermarket so that the daily shoppers would have their fruit and vegetables first thing this morning, just wasn't quick enough to slam on his brakes in time as a young lad stepped out into the intense bright light.

...............


THE END OF THE ENDINGS




Now fuck off and read something else!
























P.S....Anyone who has read this story and tried to touch their elbow to their nose should know that this proves one important fact. 

The fact that you attempted and failed means but one thing, and one thing only, and that quite simply is this...YOU ARE AN  ARSE!












 

 




   
   

