THE DUCKS OF DOOM
Chapters 151-180
A weekly serial by
Robert Arthur Smith
rasmithr@yahoo.com
www.duckparade.com

THE DUCKS OF DOOM was a 2002 Independent e-Books award finalist.

Copyright 2000-2009,
Robert Arthur Smith,
All rights reserved.


CHAPTER 151:FANTASY SQUID

Philip Napoleon was puzzled.
Everything had seemed to be going so well; the aliens and their odd pet were nicely stashed inside the Napoleon box with Freddy Manichean heresy; the sensor meshes had been secured on their peculiar craniums, and all of the electronics were functioning.
Then someone had screamed, and someone else had uttered a loud report.
After that, the Napoleon box had gone as silent as the grave.
Philip put an ear to the box and listened carefully, but there wasn't a sound.
"How long have you hated noise?" he called.
When there was no answer, he yelled, "There's an extra charge for silence. It makes my job harder."
This produced a thump inside the box, then an angry voice.
"Get on with it, will you! We don't have all day."
It was Freddy.
"What happened in there?" said Philip.
"Nothing," snapped Freddy. "One of your stupid alien friends smuggled a squid into the box."
"Does it have a gun by any chance?" said Philip.
"Of course not," said Freddy.
"Oh."
"I'M the one with the gun. I don't like crowds."
"He shot my squid!" wailed Ardridge.
"I'm sure it was an accident," said Philip.
"No it wasn't," said Freddy. "I don't like squids."
"That's mean!" said Ardridge. "Squids are beautiful people. They're very affectionate and easily hurt."
"I don't like beautiful people," said Freddy. "This is the real world, not some fairy tale with pumpkins and osculating frogs."
"You hurt its feelings," said Ardridge.
"No I didn't. I shot it. There's a difference."
"I don't think you should carry concealed weapons," said Ardridge.
"There's nothing wrong with guns," said Freddy. "They only kill people who want to be victims."
"What's going on in there?" said Philip.
"The squid is dead; long live the squid," said Freddy.
"Is it really dead, or is just faking it?" said Philip.
"What a thing to say!" wailed Ardridge. "Of course it's dead. It's all shriveled up and its arms have gone as limp as spaghetti."
"It could be resting," said Philip.
"And there's a big hole in its chest. The bullet went right through it and out the other side."
"How can you tell?" said Freddy. "I can't see a thing in here."
"It told me."
"I thought you said it was dead."
"It wasn't quite dead when it told me. Squids take longer to die than most people because they have so many appendages."
"Well, I have two heads. Beat that!"
"How come there's no hole in the box where the bullet came out?" said FunBytes, who had been waiting impatiently for the organic types to kill each other off so he could take over the world.
"The Napoleon box probably turned the bullet into something else," said Philip.
"It did?" said Freddy. "You mean there's something else crawling around in here?"
"Probably."
"Has anybody got a light?" said Freddy. "I can't stand creepy crawlies. Let me out of here."
"Pipe down!" said Philip. "You'll confuse the box. You don't want it to turn you into a creepy crawly, do you?"
There was another long silence.
"That's better. Now I'm going to press 'start' again. So don't give me any more trouble."
Philip pressed the 'start' button again, jumping back quickly in case there was another loud report.
But there wasn't; there wasn't even a mysterious humming noise, or the crackle of static electricity, or the sound of bagpipes.
There was only a heavy, puzzling silence.
After a minute or two, Philip lost patience.
"What's going on in there?" he demanded.
"Shh," said an alluring voice. "The box is working its magic."
Philip whirled around. 
"Allura," he said, blushing. "She of the famous red dress with the slit up the side!"
"How come you never say things like that to me?" said Josephine. "All I ever hear from you is, 'Will there be punishment, Josephine?' What kind of love talk is that?"
"Umm," said Philip.
"What exactly is supposed to happen in group therapy?" said Allura. "Does everybody have to go insane at the same time to get it?"
"It's like online gaming," said Philip. "The box is transforming my subjects, using ingenious algorithms that I, personally, worked out by myself in the shower."
"All four subjects?" said Allura.
"Five, if you count Freddy as two."
"Hey, what about me?" said an abrasive voice. "I'm a squid, mind you."
"It's the squid!" gasped Philip, his feathers standing up on end.
"The dead squid," said Freddy.
"Who called me dead?"
"You were shot."
"It was only a flesh wound. It didn't touch any vital organs."
"So there are six of you in there?" said Allura.
"If you include the dead squid," said Freddy.
"I wonder if Elvis Presley is in there somewhere," said Philip.
"You leave him alone," said FunBytes. "He sings lovely ballads that melt my heart."
"You're a robot and a computer all rolled up into one," said Philip. "You don't have a heart!"
"Yes I do! I have a heart algorithm."
"I wouldn't boast about it," said captain Bungo. "Hearts aren't much good if you don't know how to wind them up."
"I can do anything YOU can do," said FunBytes. "In fact, I can do lots more, because my brain doesn't get distracted by thoughts of procreation. There's nothing you can think about that I haven't already thought about."
"Really? What good are we, then?"
"Precisely," said FunBytes. "Now if you'll kindly hand over your credit cards and identity chips--"
"What are you looking so smug about, Ardridge?" said Bungo. "This affects you too, you know."
"Not as such," said Ardridge."
"Oh so! I suppose you're a computer now!"
"Going to be. I signed up for the operation. I'm in the pre-op stage now, the therapeutic phase. I'm learning how to update my bios chip over the Net."
"Don't tell me this, Ardridge! You can't mean it!"
"Next month I get the operation. Then it's bye bye messy organics."
"You can't do this to me."
"I already have."
"Isn't group therapy wonderful!" said Philip. "So much latent hostility boiling out! I love it!"
"Not to worry, captain," said Ardridge. "I'll be downloading my acolyte's personality into my new brain. You can take the organics out of the acolyte, but you can't take the acolyte out of the bios chip."
"Oh," said Bungo. "You mean it?"
"Of course. One for all and all for me."
"Oh, Ardridge! My true friend!"
"No tears please; you'll short out my implants."
"Forgive me; I don't know the protocols."
"I'm not sure I approve of all of this mucking about with form factors," said FunBytes. 
"Get used to it," said Ardrige.
"Will you idiots stop blathering and pay attention," said the dead squid. "Something's happening in here. Look at all of those weird images floating around."
"Relax!" said Philip. "It's only the Napoleon Box at work. It's seeking out your innermost desires, the true nature of your group relationship."
"But I already know what my desires are," said Bungo.
"Don't confuse your surface desires with inner needs and compulsions," said Freddy. "The box knows all, sees all. It learned from me."
"That's what I was afraid of," said Freddy.
The squid had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 152:CANAANITE NIGHTMARES

Meanwhile, back in the UFO, the homeless person was beginning to feel neglected.
"Hey, anybody home?" he called.
There was no reply; his voice echoed down a long corridor, bounced off a life-like replica of Doris Day, and faded away to nothing.
"What kind of an alien abduction is this?" he yelled. "Do it yourself? Some assembly required?"
When there was no reply to this, he got up and made his way around the abduction pit, looking for aliens.
There were dozens of potted plants, a cappuccino machine, souvenirs from the 1957 World Series, three tins of Erinmore pipe tobacco, a complete set of tiny Mother Goose figurines from the Red Rose tea collection, and a huge, signed portrait of Carl Barks.
But there were no controls.
"Hmmm," said the homeless person.
In the next room, he discovered a restaurant, complete with tables and chairs, pictures of famous accountants, and a nice kitchen.
The restaurant was as empty as the abduction room.
Just as well, he thought. The menu featured nothing but beetles and bugs.
Beyond this was a library, with dozens of stations where you could read digital books, secure in the knowledge that everything you did would be tracked and recorded on dossiers by a shadowy conspiracy of extremist aliens plotting to overthrow the government and replace it with a bumper sticker.
The e-books were mostly  about lobsters, frequently with their shells off.
There was a special 'Believe it or Not' section, which featured an extensive collection of TV programs from Earth.
Eventually the homeless person blundered through a door labeled 'Control Room' and found the nerve center of the UFO.
He examined it carefully for a moment.
There was a gear shift labeled 'wimp', 'slow', 'fast', 'faster' and 'reverse'. 
There didn't seem to be a 'stop' button or a brake. 
Above the 'faster' button was a picture of a shiny green vegetable.
Broccoli, thought the homeless person, who wasn't really up on his vegetables, having replaced them at an early date with Turkey Vulture bourbon.
Vegetables are dangerous things--they've been in the ground, after all, which means you can never be absolutely sure they're clean.
Bourbon, however, contains a certain amount of alcohol, which is known to kill germs, and is, therefore, quite safe to drink.
There was a steering wheel above the gear-shift lever, and dangling above the wheel was a miniature figure of a lobster, half out of its shell and  impregnated with some ghastly smelling perfume.
"Yoohoo!" called the homeless person. "Anybody home?"
Still no answer.
"I'll show them!" he muttered.
Then he sat behind the wheel, pushed the 'start' button, and gripped the gear-shift lever.
He'd never driven a flying saucer before, but what the hey?
"How hard can it be?" he thought.
Then he jammed the lever all the way forward to 'broccoli'.
He had a sudden odd sensation, not unlike the feeling you get when your entire house is lifted off the Kansas soil while you're still lounging in bed, wondering what to dream about next.
The homeless person looked out the window.
Down below, in a waterless desert, he noticed a lot of camels dressed in colorful bed sheets and pajamas. They appeared to be building a lot of ships out of mud bricks and sending them down a chute into sand dunes. 
"That can't be right," said the homeless person.
Then he tilted the steering wheel down, pulled the lever back to 'wimp', and splashed down in a sand dune.
There was a moment of stunned silence, shared equally by the homeless person and the Camels of the Negev.
"I'm home, Mabel!" muttered the homeless person.
"Not again!" muttered Thunderbags.
This was followed by a muted humming sound as a special set of alien stairs slid down from the saucer and embedded themselves in the sand dune.
"Oh boy!" said the homeless person to himself. "Those camels are gonna think I'm an alien. Maybe they'll give me gifts and stuff, and there'll be a brass band and speeches from the mayor, and scantily dressed camels."
Then he thought about that last bit and decided it wasn't really an important part of his daydream.
At the bottom of the stairs, he found two camels had stepped forward to greet him. They introduced themselves as Thunderbags and Hank of Just Ur.
"If this is an alien abduction," said Thunderbags, "forget it! We've already met our quota. Besides, we're being attacked by Canaanites."
The homeless person was upset; this was very disappointing as far as alien greetings went, and he made a mental note to complain.
"So where am I?" he said. "And what are Canaanites when they're at home?"
There was a collective intake of breath. 
The number of people who haven't read any sort of bible or historical document is larger than you might think. Then again, maybe modern people are afraid of violence, and don't like to read about the bloodthirsty interfaith dialogues of the past.  
"This is Bucket," said Hank. "It is the first city in a great nation we are building. The Canaanites are people who hate us and want to kill us."
"One of the MANY people who hate us and want to kill us," corrected Thunderbags.
"There's not much here for an alien," said Hank. "Down there is the famous sheep we overlook; now joined by a haggis."
"And behind us is our new shipyard," said Thunderbags proudly.
Just then, another ship slid down the chute and plunged into a sand dune.
"Um, aren't they supposed to go in water," said the homeless person.
"It doesn't matter; we're very modern, our shipyard is subsidized."
"It's all part of globalization," said Hank.
"But--"
"Besides, we'll be ready if there's another flood," said Thunderbags. "We'll have lots of ships."
"But we were promised there wouldn't be another flood," said Hank. "This was part of the contract."
"We were promised there wouldn't be another big one like the last time, but we might get some small ones," said Thunderbags. "To keep people in line."
"Those ships are made out of mud bricks," said the homeless person.
"What can you expect!" said Thunderbags. "We don't have any steel; this is the bronze age."
"No it isn't," said Hank. "The archaeologists changed the dates. It's the iron age."
"Do you see any iron around here?" said Thunderbags.
"What does it look like?" said Hank.
"I dunno," said Thunderbags. "We could look it up in our new encyclopedia, I guess."
"It's a kind of rock you dig out of the ground," said the homeless person, helpfully.
"No way I'm building a ship out of rocks," said Hank. "I draw the line at mud-brick haggises."
"Why don't you pull the ships into a circle?" said the homeless person. "You could hold off the Canaanites from inside."
Hank and Thunderbags looked at the ships scattered about the sand like so many Lego blocks in a children's sand box.
"They seem a bit heavy," said Thunderbags.
"I could pull them with the flying saucer. Have you got ropes?"
"Ropes we have in abundance," said Hank. "Goats, too. And unleavened bread."
"I think we'll stick with the ropes," said the homeless person. "You tie the ships together in a long line, and I'll pull them past the Canaanites with the flying saucer. Your troops can fire canons at the Cananites as they pass."
"Canons?" said Hank.
"A type of cleric, I believe," said Thunderbags. "I had a vision of the future once, when I thought I was going to die in an alien flying saucer. There were canons in it, in pretty robes."
"We don't have any clerics," said Hank. "We've got slingshots, bows and arrows, and unleavened bread."
"Whatever," said the homeless person. "Tie the ships together and I'll tow them past the Canaanites."
Thus it was the camels hastily attached ropes to their growing armada of mud-brick ships. The homeless person dragged the tow line back to the flying saucer and secured it to a stanchion. 
Once the camels had manned their battle stations, Hank gave the signal, and the homeless person started up the flying saucer again.
Then he examined the control panel and pushed 'fast'.
The Canaanites, anticipating a quick victory over the hapless camels, were unprepared for the terrifying spectacle of a fleet of mud-brick ships sailing two hundred feet above the ground behind what looked like an enormous slab of unleavened bread.
The camels, in turn, were a little put off because they had been expecting to do battle on a level plane with the Canaanites.
It was Brubaker who came up with the idea of dropping haggis bombs on the awe-struck Canaanites.
"We do have a haggis factory," he said. "This would be a perfect way of getting rid of the excess."
Every mud-brick ship, by the way, came with an extra supply of special olde haggis, just in case it sprang a leak, or collided with a mountain.
Top-Down, the leader of the Canaanites, hesitated. 
"This isn't in Clausewitz," he said. 
"Are you sure that thing isn't a god?" said Rucksack, Topdown's acolyte.
"What god takes the form of unleavened bread?" said Topdown.
The Canaanite chief priest, Makework, looked it up in his Big Cuneiform Book of Celestial Beings.
"Nothing in here," he said. 
"Unless it's the Jolly Fat Llama," said Topdown.
"We don't believe in him," said Makework.
"I think it's time we had a discussion about that," said Rucksack. "How come we only have gods who yell at us and bite us and zap us? Why can't we have a god who gives us things?"
"Be careful what you wish for," said Makework, taking several steps back from the smiting zone.
And that was when the haggises started raining down from the mud-brick ships.
Then Topdown ordered a retreat, which quickly turned into a route.
When the battle was over, and the defeated Canaanite warriors lay with lumpy noggins in the unforgiving sands of the desert, the camels waxed joyous.
Then they realized they had no means of communicating with the mad devil who had come to their assistance.
"Hmm," said Hank.
Thunderbags had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 153:HEARTBREAK CROQUET

In every flock of Camels of the Negev, there's a malcontent; a whiner who'd rather be back in Just Ur, cavorting with the supplicants during the fertility rites.
Brubaker was the role model for all other whiners, slackers, malcontents. He could do a fine job when he turned his hand to it, but he was easily discouraged by the merest difficulty. 
For him, a wild ride through the air in a mud-brick ship towed by an insane homeless person driving a UFO was something scary and unpleasant, and he made his feelings known in no uncertain terms.
"Tell that idiot if he doesn't put us down right now, I'm going to call my lawyer!" he yelled.
"I'm sure he's quaking in his boots," muttered Thunderbags.
Thunderbags, who was in the first ship, with Hank, had other things on his mind. They were flying towards Egypt now. They would not get a good reception if they landed in Egypt. Pharaoh Petrie Dish was a man who bore a grudge. 
The crabby pharaoh was still angry about all of the flaming hydrocarbons that the Russian-born scientist had dropped on his pyramids and crops while the camels were making their escape with Red Tse.
"I think we'd better do something about this before we run out of gas," said Thunderbags.
"Any ideas?" said Hank.
"Hey you guys!" yelled Brubaker. "I hate to interrupt your committee meeting, but we're getting very close to a sign that says, 'Welcome to Egypt, Land of Exciting Vacations. Join a pyramid-building group. Free meals and equipment.' Somebody better do something fast, or we'll all wind up hauling stone blocks up a ramp."
Hank and Thunderbags looked at the rope that attached their mud-brick ship to the flying saucer. 
Then they looked at Brubaker.
"How good are you at walking on ropes, Brubaker?" yelled Thunderbags.
"Umm...." yelled Brubaker.
Meanwhile, back in Toronto, Vlod Ironbeak was embroiled in another sort of problem, having to do with a rigorous nutrition and exercise program, and a perky fitness penguin .
Gilda, the fitness penguin, to be precise.
When you've been force-fed a diet of healthy weeds and grasses for a time, you begin to take on a certain, ruddy, peasant-like air of healthy vigor.
Even vampires get a complexion after a certain amount of healthy eating, jumping up and down, running around in designer jogging togs, and lifting weights.
Vlod was fit, but he was terribly unhappy.
People were beginning to notice his new aura of virtuous self-satisfaction. 
Lots of citizens smiled at him and gave him the thumbs up as he puffed along behind Gilda through the streets of Toronto, sucking diesel fumes and car exhaust deeply into his lungs.
Friendly taxpayers started inviting him to house parties to talk about how many laps they'd run, and the latest organic remedies, and how eating nothing but baked cows made you thin and virtuous.
He found himself joining marathons, discussion groups, run clubs, and Tupperware parties.
In short, he was going mad.
He had to get rid of Gilda.
But how? 
Nurse Jane's magic cap had well and truly done him in; he was so deeply, irrevocably in love with Gilda, he had eyes for no one else.
Even his old yearning for Lenore McBeauty had faded almost to nothing, though it still flickered from time to time, like the warning light on a battery-operated smoke detector, ready to trigger every nerve in his body at a moment's notice.
Even Sparkles the Wonder computer no longer distracted him with her saucy glitches and crashes. 
Something had to be done. A stake through the heart was his last hope.
Through Gilda's heart, of course.
Thus it was, on a dull, dark, and soundless evening, when the clouds hung oppressively low in the heavens, etc., Vlod found himself tiptoeing into the Bedroom of Healthy Loving.
This bedroom hadn't been in the original specifications for Vlod's City Hall manor, by the way; it was an afterthought.
Actually, it was a renovation, conceived, hatched, nurtured and brought to maturity by Gilda the Fitness Penguin.
Certain aspects of the love experience, she had determined, were best conducted in airy, cold, hygienic rooms with adjoining cold showers, lots of bright cheery colors, and a bed as hard as a mahogany table top.
Vlod hated this room; it reminded him of long-ago military campaigns against the Turks. He hated health.
For a long moment he waited, holding a croquet mallet and stake in one hand, and a shuttered Union Pacific kerosene lantern in the other.
He tiptoed past the treadmill, feeling his way in the dark, allowing himself only the merest radiance from his lantern. 
Then he banged his knee against a weight-lifting machine and uttered a muffled explanation.
For a long moment he listened, his every nerve straining at the silence.
A faint snoring reassured him. Gilda was sleeping the sleep of the Victorians.
Slowly, every so slowly, he advanced, holding the lantern out in front of him, allowing just enough light to guide his steps past the evil exercise bike.
There had been a time when he had not needed a lantern to make his way through the light-challenged spaces of the living. Now, a steady diet of nutritional food and healthy exercise had ruined him for Goth pursuits. 
He needed lanterns and flashlights as much as any feeble creature of the living world.
At last he stood opposite Gilda's night table,  with its assortment of dehydrated tofu, soybeans, dandelions and seaweed. He let fall a single ray of light onto one closed eye.
The eye of a sleeping dragon.
No! No! Wrong! He loved her! She was his passion, his obsession. 
No she wasn't; she owned him. It was a trick.
For the longest moment, he stood there, paralyzed by conflicting emotions.
Mad? No, no; certainly not! He was perfectly sane. He was acting out of self-defense; acting to preserve himself from an overwhelming emotion provoked by a goddess. 
He had a right to make his own decisions about who he loved and what he wanted to do when he grew up. It wasn't fair!
Hence the croquet mallet and the stake. Something had to be done. He was the mayor of Toronto, after all. He could not rule if he led a healthy life and started being nice to people. They'd eat him for lunch.
He had to make people fear him. They had to be very, very afraid or they'd stop paying taxes; they wouldn't compost or recycle; the sewer system would break down.
And yet, to extinguish the beauteous creature with her glossy feathers, her sweet, dark eyes, her lovely beak!
No!
YES! He hated healthy food. He hated sports, jumping around, clean living, clean, healthy sex--who needed these things!
"No!" he moaned. "It's good for me, all good! No more props and settings to make intimacy interesting! No more pretending with a monk's cell and a narrow cot and footsteps outside the door and a smuggled female and--.
Stop! Bad! Illicit!
The single ray of light fell like a benediction on Gilda's sleeping form. So trusting, so sweet, so Victorian. I have a clean mind and a clean body and I do good deeds.
GAH!
He approached cautiously, ever so slowly. One false step now and she'd throw him to the floor and pin him to the mat. 
Now the critical part. He put the lantern down very carefully on her night table, squashing a few stray dandelion heads. Then, with infinite patience and care, he moved the stake to a point just over her heart.
At last! A mere tap with the croquet mallet, nothing at all really, the blink of an eye and he'd consign her to Dr. Arnold's great big Victorian theme park in the sky. 
His hands shook and troubled. What was wrong? Where had his strength gone? 
He glanced down in horror as realization struck like a hammer blow. He could not do this! He simply couldn't not harm a feather on her body! There had never been the slightest danger that he would ever hurt her in any way.
Not because he loved her; because he had become NICE!
An icy sweat dampened his feathers. 
NICE!
Silently, dejectedly, he slunk away, withdrawing to a far corner of the Bedroom of Healthy Love. There he sat down and wept silently, his face in his hands. 
Oh WOE! The indignity of it all! What was happening to him?
All at once, a soothing hand touched his forehead. A beak caressed the top of his head. 
"There, there, sweetheart! What are you doing with this croquet mallet?"
He looked up through a veil of tears at his beloved.
"Gilda? THIS? Um, I wanted to play croquet but you were sleeping. Sniff." 
She knelt beside him, holding him in her arms, and he wept copiously--wept for poor, lost humanity, wept for the children in their orphanages, for tax money squandered on useless infrastructure, for himself.
"There, there, sweetheart."
"Woe is me," he moaned.
"There there, Vlodikins. We can play croquet if you like. I'll turn the lights on outside."
"NO, I--"
"No? Was there something else?"
"Gilda!" A strange feeling touched his revivified heart, and he clutched at her.
"It's okay, Vlodikins. I love you too. Come to bed, sweetie. Your little Gilda understands everything. You were just feeling lonely and insecure. You were afraid I didn't love you because I was sleeping."
Now she helped him up, guiding him gently, as though he were an invalid, to the Bed of Healthy Love.
"But--"
"Shh. Sweetums, my little one, my precious little vampire baby."
Oh it was awful! The indignity. The horror, the horror! Vlod lay there as stiff as a board, gnashing his beak.
Then she lay beside him, taking him in her arms again, and an unnatural warmth flowed through his veins. 
No! he thought. I can't do this! I won't! I'm evil, I'm a Goth, I'm worse than heavy metal.
"Oh my," he said.
"Shhh."
"Gilda."
After an interval, silence descended on the Bed of Healthy Love. A soft glow illuminated the room then gradually faded, as the two love birds lay peacefully together.
Vlod's mind began to drift into slumber. A house in the suburbs would be nice, he thought. A split-level colonial ranch gothic with a basketball hoop for the children. A school down the block. Some place where they could meet the neighbors and have Tupperware parties.
Maybe if he quit as mayor, he could get a job in one of the high tech outfits that had relocated to the suburbs to escape crippling taxes.
He could come home every day for lunch. He could call just to say he loved her.
That would be nice.
The scream came a long time later, when his idle thoughts blended seamlessly into a nightmare.
Polydoor had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 154:STARCOWS DEFENSE SYSTEM

Pharaoh Peachtree was enjoying a nice cup of hot cocoa and a crumpet before taking his afternoon nap, when a messenger burst in and prostrated himself in the throne room.
The messenger was a newbie by the name of Fast LowTop, actually. Before taking up his duties as a messenger, he'd been a Babylonian archivist.
For several moments after bursting in, Fast LowTop just lay there, panting for breath. Now that he had actually arrived in Pharaoh Peachtree's throne room, he wasn't sure he believed his own message anymore.
Certainly he'd seen something odd, but what exactly had it been?
"Well?" said Pharaoh Peachtree, examining his crumpet. "You have news?"
Fast LowTop peeked through his bangs at the dais. From this angle, he could see little more than the pharaoh's sandaled feet. Pharaoh Peachtree's toenails had been painted a strange, puce color, and anointed with Odor of Chrysanthemums.
"Speak up, man," said Misfire, Pharaoh Peachtree's defense minister. "What's the matter with you? Set got your tongue? Can't you speak ancient Egyptian?"
Fast LowTop hesitated. 
There was going to be a problem about the ancient Egyptian part. 
In fact, he hadn't been an ancient Egyptian very long; he was technically still a Babylonian. 
Fast LowTop had enlisted in Peachtree's army as a messenger, because the alternative was service in the Babylonian army as a moving target in the wars against the Assyrians and various desert barbarians with fast horses and sharp arrows.
He liked being a messenger, because it usually kept him away from the combat zone. Besides, he was good at spotting hidden enemies and he had a chameleon-like ability to blend into whatever cover he could find--desert sand, rocks, thorn bushes, flocks of sheep.
Actually, he quite liked sheep, but that was a different story.
Anyway, being a Babylonian with very little secondary education, he wasn't up to scratch in Egyptian. He knew how to order a McBowel's haggis, of course, and he got along very well with the sheep, but anything beyond what a reader of Ancient Egyptian for Dum Dums could manage left him perplexed and confused. 
So when Pharaoh commanded a report, LowTop had to resort to pantomime.
"Six letters," said Pharaoh Peachtree, watching him closely. "Begins with two cows, an eye of Set, and a palm tree."
LowTop nodded briskly. Pharaoh Peachtree was really good at this game.
Pharaoh Peachtree watched him closely for a time as he struggled to work out the hieroglyphics. LowTop was sweating now; one mistake, one false move and he'd come out with a phrase demanding his own death in the crocodile pit.
Or he might inadvertently ask to meet a lovely sheep.
"Okay, I think I've got it," said Pharaoh Peachtree. "The Camels of the Negev are pulling their fleet of ships down from Mount Ararat and across the desert in a sneak attack."
"Fleet?" said Misfire. "Surely there was only one ship! And it must be obsolete by now. I mean, how long as it been sitting on that mountain? I wonder if they've even bothered to maintain it. It's probably nothing but rotting wood by now."
LowTop prostrated himself again. He could argue, of course, but the more time he had to think about it, the more certain he was he must have been hallucinating. 
"This LowTop chap is utterly reliable," said Pharaoh. "He has no bad habits; he hangs out with sheep."
"Tells you a lot about him, doesn't it," said Misfire. "I wonder what weapons the camels are sporting this season."
"Haggis, I should think. Unless it's unleavened bread. You did mention a gigantic slab of unleavened bread, didn't you, LowTop."
LowTop was beginning to think he should have stuck with the ships in his report, and left out the part about the unleavened bread alone. Ships were bad enough. Nevertheless, he did the pantomime for a huge slab of unleavened bread towing a lot of ships.
The pharaoh was impressed. At the same time he was irritated.
"I should think the camels would be grateful," he said. "If it wasn't for us, they'd never have met Red Tse. They'd be missing an enormous part of their national myth. They'd probably assimilate like every other pesky foreign tribe, and disappear from history."
"Oh I'm sure they'd think of another myth," said Misfire.
"Like what? A Russian-born scientist erupting from Jupiter and dropping volatile hydrocarbons?"
"Shh! We've been pretending that was a hostile attack, remember? It helps us convince people we need higher taxes so we can pay for our new defense system."
"Well it WAS a hostile attack, if you ask me," said the pharaoh. "That fool and his hydrocarbons burned down all of our crops. We would have starved if it hadn't been for our big storage containers."
"I'm sure it was an accident," said Misfire. "Besides we made a huge profit when the price of food went up, AND we got credit for distributing it to those who had nothing."
"So what do we do about the camels? Is our new weapons system ready?"
Misfire looked down at his feet. HIS toenails had been painted Goth black, as befitting a serious defense minister.
"There have been delays," he said.
"You mean it doesn't work," said Pharaoh Peachtree.
"It's GOING to work, sir. Parts of it do, theoretically."
"The parts that do; are they the parts that sink camel ships?"
"Unfortunately, no. The parts that work are related to subcontracting and kickbacks."
"Hmm." Pharaoh examined his pinkie ring, which sported a fabulous gem that had been a gift from a subcontractor.
"So what do we do about the camels?" he said. "How do we sink a mud-brick ship in the desert?"
"We could misdirect them with new signs pointing south," said Misfire. "Let the Nubians deal with them."
"Possibly. But I WOULD like to know how serious they are about invading us, and what exactly they're looking for."
 They're looking for milk and honey, I should think," said Misfire. "They usually are, aren't they!"
"Don't they have any of their own?"
"It would seem they don't. I suppose they want it for their haggis. You know how boring haggis is without condiments."
"We could send them a care package of milk and honey," said Pharaoh Peachtree. "They might go home again if they get what they want."
Misfire sucked in his cheeks. "That could be dangerous, sir. What if they think it's a Trojan care package, and take offense?"
"We could send it from a distance, with catapults. We could launch a lot of cows."
"That's fine for the milk part. What about the honey? We catapult a lot of bees at them?"
"I don't see why not."
"Who's going to volunteer for that?"
"Volunteer?" said Pharaoh Peachtree, raising an eyebrow.
"I see what you mean," said Misfire. "Why ask for volunteers when we can draft anyone we like."
"There's no life like it," said Pharaoh Peachtree.
Thus it was, Misfire assembled an elite force of bee keepers and cowboys. 
It was just in the nick of time too, because no sooner had the cowboys set up their launchers when a line of ships appeared on the horizon.
"They're coming, they're coming!" cried LowTop.
"So, launch already!" said Pharaoh Peachtree.
"Will you look at that!" said Misfire. "Those stupid camels are sailing their ships two hundred feet above the ground! What kind of idiot sails ships in the sky?"
"The Flying Dutchman?" said LowTop.
Misfire looked at the lowly messenger. 
"Have you been channeling archaeologists?" he said.
"I wonder how do they do that," said Pharaoh Peachtree. "They must have a better defense minister than we do."
"It's a trick," said Misfire quickly. "They do it with magnets."
Then he gave the launch command.
Meanwhile, in the same place but at a different altitude, Thunderbags and Hank looked down upon the Egyptian hosts.
"Oh oh!" said Thunderbags.
Brubaker, who had made his way across the rope and was banging on the hull of the flying saucer, looked down too.
Then he plucked a haggis grenade out of his pocket and held it over an external sensor so that the mad devil inside the UFO would see it in his view screen.
"Don't think I won't use it!" screamed Brubaker.
A hatch popped open and he squirmed inside.
A short time later, he found the control room and the homeless person, who was lounging in a deck chair.
"I'm a guru, mind you," said the homeless person.
"Turn this thing around!" yelled Brubaker. "We're about to be attacked by a horde of Egyptian fanatics armed with milk and honey."
But it was too late. Before the homeless person could sort out his brain cells and react, the first cow thumped against the hull of the flying saucer.
Fortunately it wasn't a real cow; the pharaoh's defense contractors, being cheap, had substituted paper mache cows for the real thing. 
The fake cows WERE, however, stuffed with milk, which left a satisfying splotch of clotted white goo when they splatted against the hull.
The bees weren't real either; they were angry hornets.
"What the blazes is going on!" yelled the homeless person. "The view screen is blotched with milk; I can't see a thing! Why couldn't they send cows that give Scotch, like civilized people."
"Civilized cows, you mean," said Brubaker. "Turn this thing around right now, before we meet a fate worse than death."
"What's that buzzing noise?" said the homeless person.
Hank, Brubaker and the others, meanwhile, having made a quick analysis of the situation, had anointed themselves with haggis. 
Haggis, by the way, affords excellent protection against hornets. It's also a very effective cure for existentialism.
Thus it was the hornets concentrated their fire on the flying saucer, getting into the ventilation ducts and making their way through every part of the beast. 
"Oh, oh," said Brubaker. 
Just then, part of the island of Santorini fell into the sea, creating an enormous tsunami.
A short time later, a great wave washed over the Nile Delta.
Fortunately, no one was hurt, though a lot of cows and sheep floated out to sea and had to be rescued by the Phoenicians.
Pharaoh Peachtree had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 155:THE CAMEL,THE GURU, AND THE WARDROBE

Hank and Thunderbags hung on for dear life as the UFO towing them went through a series of wild, drunken maneuvers. The long line of mud-brick ships whipped back and forth over the desert sand with each sudden turn.
Thunderbags glanced at the rope tying them to the flying saucer's back bumper.
"I hope that rope didn't come from one of our defense contractors," he said.
"Surely our own people wouldn't cut corners," said Hank piously.
Thunderbags gave him a pitying look. Hank was a fine leader and, to give him his due, no one else could possibly have kept so many backsliding, difficult and querulous camels together for such a long time. 
Nor could anyone else have survived so many chat sessions with the Supreme Being. 
And yet, there was such a thing as believing a little too much in the inherent worthiness of ALL of your people.
"The rope is fraying," said Thunderbags. 
"No it isn't. That's just the protective wrapping shredding away."
"There goes another strand."
"What's wrong with that crazy UFO driver?" yelled Hank. "He's worse than a thirsty Philistine drunk on Golden Calf bourbon!"
"At least Brubaker made it inside," said Thunderbags. "With any luck, he'll put a stop to this irreverent behavior."
Hank stared at him in amazement.
"Brubaker?" he said. "Put a stop to irreverent behavior?"
Thunderbags glanced uneasily at the flying saucer, which was now flying upside down. "There's always a first time," he said.
"I should have done the job myself," sighed Hank.
Meanwhile, there was panic in the ranks behind them. Before long, a great wave of fear and trembling, and sickness unto death, arose from the multitudes and passed over the two leaders.
"Oh, oh!" said Thunderbags. "Morale is sinking. You'd better do something, Hank."
"It never rains but it pours!" muttered Hank, looking up for inspiration. But there was no help in the offing this time, not unless you counted the platypus grinning at him from a rack of fleecy clouds.
"Any ideas?" said Thunderbags hopefully.
Hank shook his head.
"Maybe there's something in our new encyclopedia," said Thunderbags.
Forthwith, he rummaged in his backpack, searching among pieces of dried haggis and unleavened bread until he found one of the twenty-four volumes, plus annual updates.
"You brought that HERE?" said Hank.
"A little knowledge is a desperate thing," said Thunderbags. Then he opened a volume at random and began to read:
"The prostrate is a gland situated under the--"
"The what?"
"Prostate."
"Does everyone have one of those things?"
"It would seem so."
"I wonder what it does."
"There's an illustration here. It says--"
"Good grief!" said Hank, turning green. "I've seen enough."
"You can never know too much about your equipment," said Thunderbags, concealing his squeamishness.
"Does this have anything to do with allaying the fears of a panicky host of camels trapped in mud-brick ships two hundred feet above the sands?" said Hank.
"Oh my gosh!" said Thunderbags "Look what the physicians do to you when they think there's something wrong with your prostate!"
Hank peeked at the illustration and promptly looked away again.
"Are you sure that isn't a book about the Underworld?" he moaned.
"I'll try again, shall I? First I'll enunciate the question."
There was a silence.
"Don't let me stand in your way," said Hank.
"Ahem. Oh mighty encyclopedia, what does a good commander do when everything is going wrong, when the enemy is everywhere, and when morale is breaking down."
Then Thunderbags opened the encyclopedia again and both camels peered cautiously at the page.
"Peritonitis," read Thunderbags. "A condition--"
"Good grief!" said Hank. "I had no idea ANYTHING could make me feel any sicker than I already am."
Then he up a convenient megaphone and aimed it at the ships behind him.
"Fear not!" he yelled. "Trust in the Supreme Being. Hearts be the harder, though the ground is far away. Think of your dear ones, trusting in your strength to keep them safe. Think of our new home, which is Bucket, overlooking a sheep. Think what we have already constructed with the sweat of our brows--a shipyard, a haggis factory, a distillery. Soon we will build a mighty nation."
"'Soon' being a variable concept," Thunderbags muttered.
Hank paused for breath and nearly threw up.
Behind him, the camels muttered and grumbled and clung desperately to mud-brick gunwales. 
"A lot of good that did!" said Hank.
"At least they've stopped panicking. Now they're just green and scared."
"'Scared' being a relative concept," said Hank. 
"Okay, okay; sore afraid!" said Thunderbags. "I'll admit; it does sound more impressive."
"I think one more step is necessary," said Hank.
Thunderbags saw the expression on his face and grew pale.
"You're not thinking of--"
"I'm afraid we have no choice," said Hank. Then he motioned to Sari, who had been reading a baked-clay newspaper in the forecastle.
"Um," said Hank.
"I know," said Sari. "You softened them up; they just need a little encouragement."
Then she took the megaphone and yelled: 
"Listen up, everyone! The Bashing Clothes With Big Rocks in the River committee is forming. We need volunteers. Anyone who isn't needed in the forthcoming crisis, please step into our recruitment booth."
"What river?" said Thunderbags. "The Nile?"
Behind them, there was a sudden stirring as various camels hastened to affirm their bravery in the line of fire. Entire ranks of panicky wimps were immediately transformed into bold, resolute, and above all, indispensable warriors, far too important to waste their time bashing clothes in the river.
"Ho Hi!" roared dozens of mighty voices. "All for one and one for all. Bring on the enemy!"
"Ha!" said Sari. "Works every time."
Hank nodded approvingly. 
Thunderbags eyed his own wife, hoping against hope she wasn't plotting something.
She was, of course, but that's another story.
Meanwhile, inside the flying saucer, Brubaker and the homeless person were hiding from a lot angry wasps in a broom closet. 
The homeless person flashed a keychain light around, checking for monsters, but all he found were a bucket, a mop and some magazines showing scantily clad lobsters jumping around on a trampoline.
These were e-magazines, of course, with Flash animation.
At the same time, but outside the closet, vast multitudes of crazed hornets thumped against the door, looking for a crack or a knothole.
"Listen to that!" said Brubaker in an awed voice. "We're doomed."
"We could always run away," said the homeless person.
"Run away? Are you kidding! If you even think about opening that door I'll bludgeon you to death with the mop."
"Okay, smarty pants! Have you got any ideas?"
"What about the ship's computer? Do you think it can hear us through the closet door?"
"It probably could if it hadn't gone off with the aliens."
"So what do we do?" said Brubaker.
"We have to get back to the controls before we crash."
"Would the hornets leave us alone if we crashed?"
"Probably not," said the homeless person.
"If we don't stop bouncing all over the place, I'm going to be sick. I won't care if we crash."
"Good, because we probably will. I saw the logo on the control panel; we're using a famous operating system that stops every ten minutes to demand activation, then crashes. It  crashes even when the computer is gone."
Brubaker had no idea what the homeless person was talking about, so he ignored him. 
"What have you got in your pockets?" said the homeless person.
"Unleavened bread, a bit of haggis, a flask of Scotch."
"Scotch?" said the homeless person.
"It's just a sample," said Brubaker guiltily. "It's one of our most important export industries. Negev Scotch. Every civilized nation has a Scotch whiskey distillery; it's a mark of civilization."
"Hand it over. Maybe we can use it."
Brubaker reluctantly forked it over.
"There isn't much," said the homeless person disgustedly. 
"Can I help it if I'm conscientious," said Brubaker. "I've been running quality control tests to see if it holds its flavor in various conditions."
"Such as?"
"While soaking in hot tubs, while lounging in deck chairs, etc. You never know where our clientele are going to use this stuff."
"Nice work if you can get it."
"It's a lot harder than it seems. I had to take notes all the time."
"Dictate them to scantily clad camels in hot tubs, you mean."
"I always close my eyes when I'm anywhere near scantily clad camels because I'm very shy; talking is an ordeal for me. Also I was looking for new markets. I had people testing new applications."
"Hornet-killing?" said the homeless person hopefully.
"Not as such. But valve lubrication, food additives, that sort of thing."
"You've been at this a long time?"
"We just got started. It's a new plant."
"Been busy, haven't you! What good is it if it doesn't work against hornets?"
"Well if we drink the Scotch, then open the door, we won't notice we're being killed and we'll skip right through to the afterlife."
"Or I could throw you out as bait," said the homeless person.
"I wonder how deep this closet is," said Brubaker. 
"It's a broom closet. How deep do you think?"
But Brubaker, like all world-class slackers, was an expert at finding hidden spaces, and had already begun his search.
The closet, in fact, was much deeper than he had thought. It went further and further back.
"Kind of big for a closet, isn't it!"
"Maybe it's a magic closet."
"What are these coats doing here?"
"What coats?"
Brubaker pushed aside a lot of odd coats."
"I wonder what the aliens wanted these old buffalo coats for," he said.
"How would you know about buffalo coats?" said the homeless person. "Don't tell me you have buffalos in the Negev?"
"Of course we do. We have everything in the Negev. We have pepperoni pizzas."
"Negev Buffalo? Come on! I wasn't born yesterday."
"Okay, okay! I took a peek in our new encyclopedia. There was a picture of a lot of buffalo jumping off a cliff."
"Ha ha ha!" said the homeless person. "Those were lemmings, you idiot! Little tiny things with no brains."
"It said 'buffalo' in the caption."
"Probably a misprint. There aren't any good proofreaders anymore; they were all laid off by greedy web-page editors to save money."
"Anyway, there sure are lot of coats in here," said Brubaker, pushing aside a duffel coat. "This isn't a broom closet; it's a wardrobe!"
"A Negev wardrobe," laughed the homeless person.
Brubaker ignored this cheap shot and pushed his way through coat after coat.
None of them were coats of many colors, and most of them reeked--some of skunk, some of armadillo.
Then he came out into a cold place with snow on the ground.
"Hey," said the homeless person. "This can't be right."
"Who cares?" said Brubaker. "There aren't any hornets here. They can't function in the cold."
Just then, a swarm of hornets roared out of the closet and attacked them.
Brubaker, having the instinctive caution of all born slackers, had wrapped himself in a buffalo coat, encased his feet in sealskin boots, and his limbs in leggings. Only a tiny portion of his face showed through and he soon covered that.
He waited until the homeless person's screams stopped, then he peeked out.
The hornets lay in a sluggish pile on a snow bank.
The homeless person had swollen up to twice his size, stripped off his clothes, and lay half buried in snow.
"Well that was fun," he said.
Brubaker helped him up and generously offered him the last few drops still malingering in his flask.
"Chew slowly; it's good stuff," he said.
The homeless person twisted the flask, trying to squeeze out another drop. 
"I'm in a lot of pain," he said. 
"Look on the bright side."
"There's a bright side?" said the homeless person. "Oh, yeah! I'm not dead yet so I get to have lots more pain." He kicked at the pile of comatose hornets. "Anyway, at least we're safe here."
Brubaker wasn't so sure. He looked at the forest of pines, the thick snow, the ice-covered river.
A wolf howled, then another one.
"How much is that doggie in the window?" said the homeless person bitterly.
"I wonder if they're tame," said Brubaker.
He saw pale grey eyes watching him from the trees on the other side of the river and he knew they weren't.
"I think we should go back now," he said.
"Suits me. Where's the closet?"
"Um--"
"Don't say that! I hate it when  people say things that imply hesitation, fear and doubt."
"We need help."
Just then, a beaver paddled up the river, cracking open the ice with the bow of his canoe when necessary, and waved at them.
"I'm a guru, eh!"
"Sure you are!" muttered the homeless person. "And I'm Shirley Temple."
Brubaker, however, always quick on  his mental feet, flashed a grin at the beaver.
"I say old fellow, we're in a spot of trouble. Would you mind helping us? We'd be ever so grateful."
"Sure can do that thing! Hop in boys."
Brubaker eyed the canoe. He was familiar with boats; he'd watched plenty of them sinking in the muddy waters of the Tiber, and sometimes in the muddy waters of the Euphrates. Boats were to be avoided at all costs, especially if they were made out of mud bricks and floated two hundred feet above the ground.
But there was something odd about this one, which made it seem even more dangerous.
"Put the pedal to the metal boys! We don't have all day; the dragon is coming."
"Oh yeah, right!" said the homeless person. "The dragon is coming! What dragon?"
"That one," said Brubaker, who had learned a long time ago that anything could happen at any time.
The homeless person looked across the river at an enormous red dragon.
The red dragon grinned back at him.
It was only after the homeless person picked himself up from the bottom, and the canoe finished rocking, that Brubaker recovered his wits long enough to ask what kind of a boat a canoe was supposed to be, and why did it act like it wanted to turn turtle the moment someone got into it.
The guru ignored them; he was much too busy paddling away from a ribbon of fire.
Brubaker had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 156:HISTORY IN THE MAKING

Meanwhile, in the last ship in the long chain of mud-brick ships sailing behind the UFO, something had gone wrong. 
The captain, Ripping Winkles, had fallen asleep.
Yet again.
His acolyte, Derailed, was going frantic trying to wake him up while, at the same time, holding on for dear life as the ship raced through the air without any visible means of support.
The camels, having chosen to live in the Fabulous Mists of Antiquity rather than in the anarchy of the present, were unfamiliar with Newton's Laws of Motion.
In fact, the camels rarely troubled themselves with abstract theories of motion; they were more interested in the rock that was about to smite them, or the arrow that was about to pierce them, or the run-away cart that was about to crush them, or the javelin that was about to reorganize their internal organs.
"Wake up, sir!" yelled Derailed. "Wake up! We're about to be bashed to pieces or possibly cracked open like eggs. I need your help."
There was a sudden blast from a distant megaphone as Thunderbags tried to establish a communications link.
"What's the matter back there?" he yelled.
Derailed was too busy worrying about what his stomach was going to do NEXT to come up with a quick reply.
If you've ever been on the end of a long chain of people whipping back and forth on a skating pond, you know how wild it can get.
Eventually , however, Derailed managed to yell a report to Thunderbags.
"What's the problem?" said Hank. "More backsliding? Don't tell me they've got a golden calf in there!"
Thunderbags shook his head in disgust. "Derailed says Captain Ripping Winkles has fallen asleep at his post. I think that worthless captain needs a good smiting."
Hank looked up into the blue sky. The platypus looked down at him with an interested expression. Nowhere in the vast empyrean was there any sign of a useful smiting thunderbolt.
"Has this Ripping chap ever been awake that we know of?" said Hank.
"Usually during the fertility rites," said Thunderbags. 
"I thought we'd abolished those. The Supreme Being specifically said--"
"I'm sure Ripping was only there to check up on his crew and make sure none of them were slumming with the Canaanites."
"Ripping has been sleeping since before we left Just Ur," yelled Derailed. "He's very good at simulating a waking camel while he's in the captain's chair."
"We need him awake," said Hank. "He's our rear guard. What if that platypus in the sky grabs the tail end of the rope?"
"I don't think it's hostile," said Thunderbags.
"Why not, I wonder?" said Hank. "Everyone else in this place is."
"It's laughing hysterically now," said Thunderbags."
"Obviously it's an associate of the Supreme Being, if not a demon."
"Yes, but which one?" said Thunderbags.
This touched off a theological debate as the two old friends rummaged through their memories of proscribed gods and troublesome demons, trying to identify the creature above them.
Derailed, meanwhile, redoubled his attempts to awaken Ripping Winkles. He tried the old Blow up a Paper Bag and Pop it Behind Your Friend's Back trick, but that didn't work at all.
Actually it was a papyrus bag, so it didn't pop very well.
Then he tried a water bomb using Scotch and a haggis grenade, but that only made a mess without actually awakening Ripping Winkles.
"Ripping is as old as we are, isn't he?" said Hank. "How come he doesn't have trouble sleeping, like we do? Doesn't he ever have to get up in the middle of the night?"
"He's older than any of us, but he sleeps so much he hasn't aged much," said Thunderbags.
There was an unearthly screeching, wailing sound as Derailed tried playing 'How Much is That Doggie in the Window?' on a bagpipe.
This had no effect on Ripping, but it did terrify a passing flock of Egyptian kibitzers, who prostrated themselves in the desert sands below.
The poor chaps were already primed for celestial bagpipes, having only recently passed the famous ruined temple that featured a Highlander rampant, in full regalia, on its massive walls.
At last, after a particularly hard snap as the chain whipped back and forth, the rope broke.
"Oh oh!" said Derailed.
Mud-brick ships, as you know, when deprived of forward motion, don't maintain lift very well.
Down went the ship, tipping this way and that as it plummeted towards a convenient sand dune.
Fortunately, every ship in the camels' fleet was equipped with emergency brakes.
Derailed pulled the lever and an enormous, crimson, dragon-shaped kite snapped loose from its moorings.
The kite had been a gift from Red Tse, to show his love and affection for the camels.
There was a promotional device on its belly, a picture of a Chinese tractor factory with a URL in hieroglyphics, and a cuneiform email address in prominent letters.
The ship wobbled and settled slowly to the ground, buoyed by the kite. Eventually it dropped gently into a midden outside a worker's village, near a quarry.
Derailed, when he found himself safe and sound on a bed of pottery shards, fainted.
Just then, a party of archaeologists from the Museum of Strange Things happened upon the wreckage.
"Look, look, see, see!" one of them cried excitably. "We found Noah's Ark."
The excitable one was Brother Sperry, a very young archaeologist out on his first field trip.
Archaeologists from the Museum of Strange Things all belong to a sort of religious order, as you know. There are brothers, sisters, abbots and abbesses, etc., and they all enjoy the  intense and vicious infighting normally associated with such organizations.
But that is another story.
"Well, well, well," said a dry voice. This voice belonged to Brother Nudge, an older monk who had seen more than his share of alleged Noah's Arks.
They usually turned out to be cloud formations, or Venus, or some new oddity wobbling away from a secret air force base.
"In a midden?" he said. "Who would have thought? Tossing out old pottery is one thing, but dumping an entire Ark! I never!"
"Well it could have washed down from Mount Ararat during a rainstorm," said Brother Sperry.
"That's a long way to wash."
"Yes, but the ground has moved quite a lot over the years. Continental drift and all that."
"Hmm," said Brother Nudge. "I thought the Ark was made out of gopher wood. This appears to have been made out of mud bricks."
"It seems to have snagged a kite when it washed down from Mount Ararat," said Brother Sperry.
Brother Nudge smiled acerbically to himself and examined the kite. "Made by the New Bright Toy Company," he said.
"I thought that was the company that made big electric trains to put around the Llama's Eve tree," said Brother Sperry."
"Perhaps they make wind-up Arks too," said Brother Nudge.
Just then, Ripping Winkles woke up and crawled out of the wreckage. 
Derailed remained behind, still in a dead faint.
"Oh my head," groaned Ripping. "Where am I?"
Brother Sperry was flabbergasted.
"Look, look, see, see!" he yelled. "It's one of the original Camels of the Negev who sailed on the Ark when the waters covered the land and there was nary a drop to drink."
"So what's he doing here?" said Brother Nudge.
"Obviously he fell asleep."
"For seven thousand years?"
"Six thousand, isn't it?" said Brother Sperry.
"It depends on which field report you read. Of course, if you listen to the geologists and their accounts of billions and billions--"
"Everyone knows the geologists are just trying to get more funding!" said Brother Sperry indignantly. "Besides, I never trust anyone who says, 'give or take a million or so years'. That seems to me to be a rather careless attitude to take."
"Both accounts are true, of course," said Brother Nudge, who was a progressive thinker. 
"Seven thousand years?" said Ripping Winkles. "My goodness, how time flies!"
"Who are you?" said Brother Nudge.
"Ripping Winkles. I was named after something my father choked on in Ur."
"So do you miss the Fabulous Mists of Antiquity?" said Brother Sperry.
Brother Nudge looked at Brother Sperry in shock.
"Brother Sperry," he said. "We are currently IN the Fabulous Mists of Antiquity."
"I keep forgetting," said Brother Sperry. "I wonder what they'll say at the museum when we bring back the Ark."
"It will look nice beside the bridge that odd little chap from New Jersey sold you the other day," said Brother Nudge.
Just then, a UFO wobbled across the sky overhead, trailing a long line of mud-brick ships loaded with screaming camels.
Brother Nudge had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 157:RECRUITMENT FAIRY

Meanwhile, back in the Museum of Strange Things, Brother Sperry's theories about the Ark had not gone unnoticed.
The Secret Order of Curators was buzzing with rumors of yet another boondoggle.
Macgregor Smooth Bore, vice-president, operations, called an emergency meeting.
The meeting took place in the Edwardian tin-plate room, opposite the massive vault which housed the museum's collection of naughty books.
The other bigwigs hurried in as slowly as they could from Strawberry Hill, the staff dining room. The dining room was crammed that day, because the cook had accidentally substituted chocolate cake for the traditional Wednesday haddock. 
News like that gets around fast.
When everyone was present, Smooth Bore called the meeting to order. He did this by removing his pet sheep from the conference table and putting them on the floor.
Smooth Bore kept a flock of sheep in his attic, as a sort of hobby, and he never showed up at the museum without at least three of his fleecy chums in tow.
Fortunately he was easily distinguished from his sheep; he was the one with the beak.
A silence descended on the bigwigs, broken only by the rumblings of assorted stomachs, the bleating complaints of the sheep, and the noise emanating from Brother Sperry's cell phone.
Brother Sperry was playing the newest version of Kill Everything Right Now.
"Ahem," said Smooth Bore.
Not to be outdone, Sidetrack, the vice-president in charge of public relations and cover-ups, cleared his throat in a slightly louder voice.
Sidetrack hated Smooth Bore. He thought that operations were secondary to the business of deluding the public. Make something up first, and THEN find artifacts to back it up.
And if you can't find the artifacts, glue together some old bits and pieces and MAKE something.
That was Sidetrack's philosophy. 
Brother Sperry looked up sheepishly and activated a screensaver featuring Matthew Arnold gazing studiously at a hippopotamus.
"We have a problem," said Smooth Bore. 
There was another long silence. To speak is to volunteer, and no one wants to volunteer for a catastrophe.
"Hmm," said Smooth Bore, gazing into each set of dilated pupils in turn. "You can relax. I wasn't asking for volunteers."
No one relaxed. You didn't get to be a full member of the Secret Order of Curators without learning a thing or two about deceit.
"I like to think of a problem as an opportunity," said Smooth Bore.
"Cut the spiel, Smooth Bore," said Sidetrack. "We all know what a mess we're in. The curators have been finding more and more odd artifacts in far-away places with strange-sounding names. The finds are so extraordinary, we have to bring out a new edition of  the Great Big Book of Things That Really Happened every year."
"That's our job," said Smooth Bore acidly. "We find things that change our view of history and we offer people the latest version of what really happened in the past."
"Yes, but the changes never came this quickly before. People can accept a rewrite in which the camels didn't discover steam engines until AFTER they met Red Tse, for instance, but they simply will not accept a story in which the camels NEVER EVEN MET RED TSE."
"No one has suggested that."
"Oh so!" sneered Sidetrack. "Have you seen Brother Corn Fed's latest field report? Hmmm? He found coprolite from a Russian-born scientist which proves that soccer balls were originally dodecahedrons! How am I supposed to explain THAT one to the public? Hmmm?"
There was another silence while everyone thought about dodecahedrons.
"So there!" said Brother Sidetrack. 
"Are you quite finished?" said Smooth Bore.
"It's brother Sperry's fault," said Brother Lockjaw, the chief financial officer. "I'm sure he goes into his office during his lunch hour and makes these artifacts."
"Really?" said Smooth Bore. "An ark? A bridge? A flint biplane? He's been very busy, hasn't he!"
"Perhaps he doesn't actually make them as such," said Brother Lockjaw. "They might cluster around him like rutabagas."
"I see," said Smooth Bore icily. "And your solution?"
"We could sacrifice him on the altar in the Inca gallery," said Sister Glorm, the vice-president in charge of the Discovery Room.
Smooth Bore's smile would have frightened a crocodile. "Thank you Sister Glorm. Haven't forgiven him for eating all of the black licorice Allsorts at dessert yesterday, have you?"
"This is bigger than personal animosities, sir."
"Of course."
Another silence descended.
"Nevertheless; we do have a problem," said Smooth Bore. "Brother Sperry's artifacts are taking up too much space."
Everyone looked out the window at Brother Sperry's latest acquisitions--a cuneiform edition of Playboy, with illustrations; a rubber pyramid; a mud-brick cocktail shaker; a Minoan hot tub with topless attendants. 
Then there was the Brooklyn Bridge.
"Maybe we should send him to Philip Napoleon for shock therapy," said Sister Glorm.
"Can we truly say that Brother Sperry is at fault?" said Needless Thing, the vice-president in charge of explaining why the museum's computers crashed so often. "Maybe the artifacts only exist in potential until Brother Sperry comes along."
"You mean if he hadn't been there, the Ark wouldn't have been made?" said Sidetrack, scandalized. "That's blasphemy!"
"Surely the real Ark wasn't made out of mud bricks."
"It was made out of gophers, I think," said Brother Lockjaw.
"Really?" said Brother Sidetrack. "I wonder where they got them."
"The gophers of the Negev are well known--"
"But the ark was built in Ur, wasn't it!" said Brother Lockjaw.
"Haven't you read Brother Woog's field reports on the digs at Happy Valley? They found lots of documents--"
"Happy Valley is a race course in Hong Kong," said Smooth Bore. "What exactly was Brother Woog doing there?"
"It is?" said Brother Lockjaw. "To think they'd build a race course on top of the Ark!"
"What he found were a lot of discarded racing forms and the bones of a chap who'd been giving out useless tips," said Sidetrack, smirking.
"I wondered why his rendering of the Ark showed so many horses on board," said Sister Glorm.
"Anyway," said Needless Thing, "Maybe if Brother Sperry isn't around, these odd things won't get found."
"You mean, If we don't see it; it's not there?" said Brother Lockjaw.
"I told you we should sacrifice him," said Sister Glorm.
"But so much of our cultural heritage DEPENDS on things not being found," said Smooth Bore.
"What cultural heritage?" said Sidetrack. "Everybody watches sitcoms now. The past is something on the History Channel."
"So nothing matters?" said Needless Thing. "I can do whatever I like and there won't be any punishment?"
"As long as we're clear about one thing," said Smooth Bore. "If Brother Sperry keeps finding weird artifacts, the past will become unstable, and pieces of our own epoch will begin to change drastically. Some of it will disappear. Many will die."
"Regrettable," said Sidetrack. "But I don't see what we can do about it."
"The museum will be downsized. Some of us will be fired."
There was another silence, much more intense and edgy than the others.
"Hmmm" said Sister Glorm.
"So who's going to go back and terminate him?" said Sidetrack.
"He must not be harmed," said Smooth Bore. "There's no telling what new artifacts are already on their way into this dimension, half-actualized in some netherworld of light and shadow. We need him to direct traffic, so to speak."
"So what are you suggesting?" said Sister Glorm.
"I'm suggesting we send back an agent to recover him. A sort of tomb raider."
"You're sure these artifacts aren't simply product placements?" said Sidetrack.
"Who would have paid for them?" said Smooth Bore. "The Supreme Being?"
"Well, SB has been known to populate every historical setting with odd devices," said Sidetrack. "The flaming bush, for instance."
"Yes, but a mud-brick ark? Surely that's not SB's style!"
"It could have some symbolic purpose. Like marmalade."
"I had no idea marmalade was symbolic," said Needless Thing. "I thought it was put here to remind us of our common fate."
"To be turned into marmalade?" said Sister Glorm. "Have you defragged your brain lately?"
"Ahem," said Smooth Bore. "We do have to find Brother Sperry before he discovers other, more dangerous things."
"A fifty-foot platypus?" said Sidetrack, smirking at Sister Glorm.
"A discotheque?" said Needless Thing.
"Who do we send back?" said Brother Lockjaw.
"I was thinking of the famous tomb raiders and academics, Demo and Sally."
"They work for Vlod," said Brother Lockjaw. "They're supposed to be looking for the Power of Durable Evil."
"Which may, in fact, be the real culprit here."
"Oh we all know about YOUR theories, Smooth Bore," said Sidetrack. "The Power of Durable Evil is the very same mysterious force that created the Big Bang. Ha ha ha."
"Ha ha ha," said Smooth Bore. "If I'm right, we're all doomed, you know."
"I don't see why," said Sister Glorm. "It happened in the past."
"And the past is changing," said Smooth Bore.
There was another silence, this one filled with unpleasant thoughts.
"So we approach Demo and Sally," said Needless Thing. "How exactly do we recruit them?"
"Leave that to me," said Smooth Bore. "I'll send the Recruitment Fairy."
"And who, exactly, is the Recruitment Fairy?" said Needless Thing.
Smooth Bore rested his chin on his hands.
"That's for me to know and you to find out," he said.
Meanwhile, at the same time, but in another part of the asylum, Demo settled into a funk.
"I'm fed up with raiding tombs," he said. "And I'm tired of looking for the Power of Durable Evil. Let's do something else."
"Like what?" said Sally.
"We could smooch and make babies."
"Sounds good to me. I'm ready for a change myself. I've been thinking of using a new raw material for my action art. I'm tired of dropping rutabagas on people. I could do something interesting to Ken and Barb--"
"Watch it!" said Demo. "The walls have lawyers!"
Just then, a seven-foot troll dressed in a tutu showed up. He wore ballet slippers that looked as if they'd been made out of sheet metal and he was sporting a pair of wings that had been made out of beaten copper.
Perched on his head was a large plum.
"I'm a troll fairy, mind you," he said. "The name is Boston Blackhead, on account of the plum on my head. I'm also known as the Recruitment Fairy, because what I do, see, is I recruit people to do things."
Demo and Sally were speechless for a moment.
Boston Blackhead beamed at them. When he turned, his wings made a noise like a tin roof peeling away from a shack in a high wind.
"Um," said Sally.
"I was sent by the Secret Order of Curators at the Museum of Strange Things to recruit you," said Boston.
"Really!" said Demo in thin voice. "Why a troll fairy? Why not someone more common, like the tooth fairy?"
"Because anyone dressed like a fairy these days has to defend himself against mashers."
"Mashers?" said Sally.
"But the costume?" said Demo. "It's yours?"
"I made it for Scary Pumpkin Eve. It helps in trick or treating, you know. People aren't so intimidated when they see me in my fairy costume. They don't think a little Recruitment Fairy would hurt them."
"Good thinking," said Sally. "And the plum?"
"I'm also known as the Sugar Plum Fairy."
Sally was dazzled. Her eyes shone like stars.
"He's so cute, Demo! Can we adopt him! I'd love to have a little boy."
The troll honked and sniffed.
"That's so nice," he said. "No one's ever wanted me before."
"I didn't know trolls could cry," said Demo. "I thought it was bad for their rocks."
"It's not me; it's a voice box from a Ken--"
"Watch it!" said Demo. "You never know when a corporate lawyer is eavesdropping."
"I was going to say Kennita. Not the other name. Anyway, a dwarf I know put the voice works in a pouch for me. It runs on Linux. I think he downloaded the wrong sound files, though, because it's not supposed to honk when I press 'cry'."
"Good grief!" said Demo. 
"Anyway, I always wanted to be a fairy. I used to pretend I was a butterfly when I was little. I'd leap about and sing special butterfly songs."
"I'll bet you were a hit," said Demo, waiting for the ground to stop trembling as the troll leaped and frisked about.
"The neighbors loved me so much they tried to launch me into orbit," said Boston. "But I was too heavy for the booster rocket, so here I am, wandering as lonely as a cloud, a poor little orphan working as a Recruitment Fairy."
"And the museum actually hired you?" said Demo.
"It IS the Museum of Strange Things," said Sally.
"Of course; I'd forgotten."
"I think we should let him recruit us. We can find out what we're supposed to do after we've been hired."
Demo hesitated, but only for a moment. He'd do anything for Sally.
"Off we go," she said. "We can see about adoption papers at the museum."
"Mommy! Daddy!" said Boston.
Thus it was, they trekked off to the museum in Boston Blackhead's converted Mack truck.
Sidetrack had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 158:RETURN TO ANTIQUITY

Brother Smooth Bore smiled benevolently as Sally, Demo and Boston Blackhead were ushered into the boardroom.
"I couldn't help overhearing you folks while you were chatting about your various midlife crises," he said.
"That's a long way to overhear," muttered Demo. 
"You all want something new and delightful, don't you! Let me see--Sally wants a new medium for her art."
"Something a little less rutabaga-like," she said.
"And Demo wants to smooch and make babies."
"Not by myself, of course," said Demo. "And it must be done in private, away from kibitzers and museum curators."
"Really?" said Sidetrack. "I would have thought our lovely museum would inspire passion and lust. Why, the mere act of contemplating Victorian bloomers--"
"That will do, Sidetrack!" said Smooth Bore.
"A chap who likes bloomers can't be ALL good," said Sister Glorm, smirking.
"I like them nicely puffed out by females, of course," said Sidetrack coldly. "On me, I prefer jodhpurs."
"They look good under your monk's robe, do they?" said Smooth Bore.
Sidetrack lapsed into a murderous rage.
"Anyway, Demo," said Smooth Bore. "You wish to confine the smooching part to your own time. That can be arranged. Perhaps we could entice you with something else."
"Money," said Demo.
"Oh, we don't actually pay people here," said Smooth Bore, shocked. "We can't afford wages; we're funded by the government as you know. But we can offer you a position. We could take you on as a specialist in, umm--"
"Coprolite," said Sidetrack.
"Really!" Sidetrack. "I expected more from you than this shallow buffoonery."
"What's wrong with coprolite?"
"Goes with jodhpurs, does it?" said Sister Glorm nastily. "Stirs up passion and lust in the old asbestos heart?"
"I meant to say, philosophical coprolite," said Sidetrack. "Really old dung from ancient philosophers, hardened by time."
Smooth Bore gave him a look. 
"Perhaps there's a germ of an idea in this," he said. "We could make Demo an associate curator in charge of really old philosophers hardened by time."
"Surely it's not the philosophers who are hardened by time?" said Sister Glorm. "We were speaking of coprolite--"
"One would assume," said Smooth Bore, "that what comes out in the end, went in at the beginning."
"An untested hypothesis," said Sister Glorm. 
"Nevertheless, we are interested in the digestive process, so to speak. The ruminations of early philosophers that led to our current thinking about ethics and such."
"So he's going to study the fossilized dung of a lot of ancient philosopher cows to find out who's responsible for our current thinking about ethics?" said Sister Glorm.
"Cows are not the only ruminants," said Smooth Bore, growing irritated. "Great thinkers, for instance, ruminate frequently,  and to marvelous effect."
"I always wondered what happened to old philosophers," said Sister Glorm. "Now I know. They're put out to pasture. The next time I step in a cow pie I'll have to examine it for any important ideas it might contain."
"Ha ha ha," said Smooth Bore, fondling a bronze dagger strapped to his thigh. "Moving further along; I believe Boston Blackhead wants to be adopted by his new chums."
"Yes sir," said Boston.
"And you would like to accompany them on their journey?"
Demo was hesitant.
"Are you sure you want come with us? I mean, some of these people in the Fabulous Mists of Antiquity might not be up to speed on trolls and their uses. Especially when the troll in question is wearing a tutu and wings."
"It's okay," said Boston. "I can make myself inconspicuous."
"Like a hippopotamus on a wedding cake," said Sidetrack in a low voice.
"A lot you know!" said Boston. "I can fold up my wings like a dive bomber on a carrier deck, and I'll tape down my tutu with duct tape."
"What about your, um, shoes?" said Demo.
"They're made out of tin. What can go wrong?"
"You wouldn't want to dress up in something more practical? A tomb raider's outfit, for instance?"
"What? Pout like an actress and prance around with whiz bangs strapped to my thighs?"
"Well, you could dress up as a lawyer. Everyone's afraid of lawyers."
A shocked silence fell.
"Okay, okay," said Demo. "It was just an idea."
"I keep the plum, though," said Boston.
"Are you quite sure?" said Smooth Bore. "It seems precarious."
"I'll superglue it."
"You'd glue it to your head? What if it rots? Plums don't last forever, you know?"
"Don't insult it," said Boston. "Vegetables have feelings too."
"A plum is not a vegetable," said Demo. "It's a, umm--"
"Anyway, it won't rot," said Boston. "I water it every day."
"You mean that thing is growing?" said Demo, stepping back in horror.
"Of course it is," said Boston. "It's a magic plum."
"I'll tell you what," said Smooth Bore. "You store your magic plum in a vault, here at the museum, and I'll give you a sheep to wear on your head while you're tomb raiding. Sheep are much more durable than plums."
Boston considered this for a moment.
"Is that really true?" he said.
"Of course it is," said Smooth Bore. "Have you ever heard of a sheep rotting because it can't put down roots?"
"Well--"
"Not only that, you'll get coprolite as an added bonus."
"Lots of coprolite," said Sister Glorm, gleefully.
"I'll give you a poop'n'scoop bag to take along," said Smooth Bore. "But you'll have to treat it carefully; it's bronze-age. From Ur."
"So this sheep is--"
"An existentialist sheep," said Smooth Bore. "It gets sick a lot. You have to sing to it, mind you."
"Okay," said Boston. "I like singing."
Demo rolled his eyes. "What if it bleats?" he said.
"I'll stick a rutabaga in its mouth," said Sally. "That'll give it something to practice ethics on."
"And remember," said Smooth Bore. "If you agree to do this job, we'll draw up adoption papers for you. I'm a notary, mind you."
"Wonderful!" said Sally. "I'm so thrilled. Our very own little troll."
"Amazing how rapidly language mutates," said Sidetrack. "Why only this morning the world 'little' had absolutely nothing to do with gigantic boulders."
Demo, meanwhile, was growing worried. Now that adoption looked more and more a certainty, he thought it might be time to do a background check on Boston. 
"I wonder what happened to your original parents?" he asked suspiciously. "Who killed them, and why?"
"They abdicated," said Boston. 
"That's horrible," said Sally. "You poor, itty bitty baby!"
"It is, isn't it!" said Boston, with tears in his eyes. "My parents were dwarves working for a nuclear power company. They couldn't have children so one of the technicians at the power plant did an in vitro for them, in the company cafeteria. Unfortunately, the microwave was right behind the table they were using; someone turned it on, and in the few seconds it took to nuke a pizza, my DNA was scrambled. So my parents got ME instead of a dwarf."
"That's what comes of eating too much junk food," muttered Sister Glorm. "If I have to be on a diet, EVERYONE has to be on a diet. It's not fair!"
"So your parents left you on somebody's doorstep because you were too big?" said Sally. 
Boston nodded. "It was the doorstep of the Secret Order of Sanitation Engineers, actually. They were very kind to me. They used to take me on their rounds. They trained me in the black art of making the byproducts of civilization disappear."
"Why didn't you stay with them?" said Smooth Bore.
"They were losing customers. People ran away screaming as soon as they saw me."
"You poor dear," said Sally, stroking his lichen.
"That's when I decided to dress up in a costume that would make me seem less intimidating," said Boston. "It took me ages to think up this one."
"No wonder!"
"Do you keep in touch with your old chums?"
"I like to keep my hand in. Occasionally I ride with a crew and help them smash garbage cans."
"A Recruitment Fairy and sanitation engineer," said Smooth Bore, marveling. "That's quite a mixture of talents. I wonder if you could help us out with a bit of lobbying work."
"Well I'm going to teach you how to be an action artist and a tomb raider," said Sally." You'll never go hungry again. You'll have all the rutabagas you can eat."
"Oh good," said Boston uncertainly.
"And I'll teach you how to be an academic," said Demo. "The first thing you'll need is a faculty lounge."
"Are we a family now?" said Boston.
"We are familee," said Sister Glorm, smirking again.
"Well I'm glad that's settled," said Smooth Bore. Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to find Brother Sperry before any more artifacts cluster around him."
"Are we quite sure he's in the Fabulous Mists of Antiquity?" said Sister Glorm. "There was a rumor he was still in the present when he discovered his latest oddity."
"Really?" said Smooth Bore. "Why didn't you mention this?"
"I thought you knew. You are in charge of operations. The buck stops here and all of that."
"I've never believed in the profit motive."
There was a silence while everyone contemplated Smooth Bore with incredulity.
"Ahem," he said. "I don't see a problem. We'll send you into the desert. If you don't find Brother Sperry, it's because he's slipped back into the Fabulous Mists of Antiquity. I'm sure you'll find a way of joining him."
"We'll need an expense account," said Demo. "Time travel doesn't come cheap, you know."
Brother Lockjaw ground his teeth. 
"Where I come from, they teach you how to live off the fat of the land," he said. "No reaching for the government teat."
"Where you come from, the teats are all inside out," said Sister Glorm.
"I don't see why a small expense account can't be arranged," said Smooth Bore. "I'm sure they honor major credit cards in antiquity."
"Only if they're made out of baked clay," said Sister Glorm.
"We have a few of those left over from Sidetrack's goodwill trip to Megiddo," said Smooth Bore. "The one that led to an Egyptian invasion--"
Sidetrack waxed wrathful. "That wasn't my fault," he said. "I merely pointed out the benefits of globalization."
"Anyway," said Sally, "Brother Sperry is with the Camels of the Negev, isn't he?"
"Yes, but you must move quickly," said Smooth Bore. "Our house psychic has warned us something large and heavy is about to plummet into his time-space."
There was another strained silence while everyone thought about ethics.
Meanwhile, in another part of the asylum, hidden away in the bowels of the acolyte's club, a fifty-foot platypus stirred and contemplated its fate.
Then it burst free of its restraints and went on a rampage in the streets of darkest Toronto.
Brother Sperry had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 159:PLATYPUS LOVE

Vlod was still wallowing in despair when Bagman GladHand pried open his coffin.
"Sir, sir! There's a fifty-foot platypus rampaging through the streets of Toronto, destroying everything in its path!" he yelled. "We're doomed! We're doomed!"
Vlod covered his ears. "I don't mind being doomed," he said, "but I can't abide noise."
"But sir; the platypus is attacking the Delicious Golden Bank now."
"Oh dear, the poor thing," said Gilda the Fitness Penguin. "It probably had an unhappy childhood."
"Some people have all the luck!" muttered Vlod.
"I had an unhappy childhood too," said Bagman. "But I don't go around smashing buildings and rampaging through the streets of Toronto."
"I don't see why not," said Vlod. "I can think of a number of people who deserve a rampaging."
"You told me you had a wonderful childhood," said Gilda. "You were taken in by the Secret Order of Acolytes and given a nice home."
"Oh sure! Taught to make imaginary companions out of body parts robbed from graves! What kind of a childhood is that, I ask you? I'd rather be an accountant."
"There's no life like it," said Vlod.
"You bet there isn't, boss! Think of the power, the charisma. I'd get a Harley right off the bat--"
"You get nothing off the bat," said Vlod in a dangerous voice.
"I MEANT to say, I'd get a Harley first; then I'd get a black leather jacket, chains, and a set of eyeshades. A different color for each day of the week, I think."
"Anyway," said Vlod irritably, "About this platypus monster. What are we going to do?"
"Nuke it," said Bagman. "It's the only safe way of getting rid of it."
"And the collateral damage?" said Vlod.
"I never liked Toronto anyway; I'm from Montreal."
"Which is why you live here, in West Montreal, I suppose?"
"I got lost on the freeway. I was looking for Hollywood."
"We don't need nukes," said Vlod. "We have economists. Economists have no natural enemies."
"No you don't!" said Gilda. "You're not unleashing your financial people on that poor creature. I'll make it some chocolate chip tofu."
Bagman and Vlod watched in horror as she started for the kitchen.
"Chocolate chip tofu?" said Bagman. "Are you SURE you love her, boss?" 
"Passionately."
"There's no accounting for tastes. Anyway, about the fifty-foot platypus--."
"You measured it, did you?" said Vlod.
"Well, not as such."
"I see. It could be fifty-one feet, or perhaps forty-nine feet, but 'fifty-foot platypus' sounds better, does it?"
"You have to admit, it rolls off the tongue better."
"Especially if you're writing a film script."
"I'm writing one as we speak, boss. What is life without a script?"
"Well I hope you're better at writing than you are at acolyting. Just make sure to declare any income."
"About the platypus," said Bagman, squirming. "What are we gonna do? It's still rampaging."
Vlod sighed wearily. "Maybe we should just let it have its fun. We could use a little excitement. After it finishes up here, we could send it to Montreal."
"It IS killing taxpayers, boss."
"Really?" Vlod thought about this for a moment, then he donned his cape.
"Come, Bagman. We have work to do."
"I'll catch up with you in a minute," said Gilda. "I'm making up a nice picnic lunch for the platypus. I'm sure the tofu will calm it down."
"Which one?" said Vlod. "The lunch or the platypus?"
"Oh you!"
Vlod and Bagman made their escape as quickly as they could, in case the tofu broke free.
Tofu has no natural enemies. Once it's free of its restraints, no one is safe.
"Couldn't we arrange to have a sixteen-ton safe hung up above Gilda's head?" said Bagman. "We could at least threaten her with death if she makes any more health food." 
"That will do, Bagman," said Vlod, shocked.
"But she's killing me, boss! My life is nothing but torture and horrible exercises now. I'm forced to eat health food that tastes like weeds and grass boiled in prune juice."
"Misery loves company, Bagman."
"I'm not the one in love with her; YOU are!"
"Don't rub it in."
"Why don't you talk to Philip Napoleon about it? I'm sure he could cure you."
"Philip doesn't cure people; he makes them think what they do is perfectly normal."
"Something has to be done, boss! I can't take much more of this."
Vlod motioned him to silence. They had reached his Pickard Air Mobile Vlodmobile now, and they climbed inside and strapped themselves in.
Vlod started the engine, and in no time at all, they were airborne, dodging falling Sea Kings as they made their way towards the financial district.
"Look, look, see, see!" yelled Bagman. "There he is! He's climbing up the Delicious Golden Bank."
"Hmm," said Vlod. "If we defined him as a building we could assess him as a monster house and charge for airspace as well."
"The horror, the horror!"
"Indeed," said Vlod. "Other cities get King Kong or Godzilla, or the Fifty-Foot Woman. Toronto gets a giant platypus."
"I wonder if the Supreme Being is laughing at us," said Bagman.
"Punishing us, more likely."
"SB is always picking on us. Why can't he do something nice for a change? A penguin trap would be nice."
"That's a bit excessive."
"SB did send Gilda Vlod. That was a low blow, if you ask me."
There was a silence as they both thought about Gilda.
"Actually it wasn't the Supreme Being who sent her," said Vlod. "It was Nurse Jane and her magic cap. It was punishment for laughing at the power of love."
"That's not fair!" wailed Bagman. "Other people are punished with volcanoes and earthquakes. They get invasions by Babylonians and Assyrians because their people have backslid."
"Backslid?"
"They worship idol calves with the gold of their sweat."
"Bagman, are you allergic to health food?"
"It makes me dyslexic. I see sheep."
"We all see sheep," said Vlod."
"Really? You see sheep too?"
"Yes, but I resist, Bagman. And you should too."
"Easy for you to say; you have Gilda."
There was another long silence.
"We all have to suffer in this life," said Vlod. 
"Point taken! We're all being punished because Jack and Jill dropped the pail."
"Yes, the Great Dropping theory," said Vlod. "Jack and Jill dropped the pail, so we all pay the price."
"No boss; Jack and Jill were kicked out of Paradise because they listened to the snake. They suffered temptation."
"And for this we get Gilda?" said Vlod.
Bagman looked at him in surprise. "You have doubts, boss? You never told me!"
"Generation after generation suffers because Jack and Jill chatted with a snake," said Vlod bitterly. "That's a bit excessive, don't you think. What about forgiveness? What about parole? What about extenuating circumstances? I mean, if anyone could claim the devil made them do it, it's Jack and Jill."
"But it was a momentous act, boss. When they listened to the snake, they opened up a port and their system was hacked."
"This made them evil?"
"The snake got partial control. We haven't been able to delete the corrupt code."
"Was it really corruption?" said Vlod. "The snake was just trying to get them interested in a labor-saving device that would do the lifting and carrying for them. What's wrong with that? I mean, it WAS Paradise, after all. The big theme park in the sky."
"Lake Van, actually," said Bagman.
"Huh?" said Vlod.
"It's a new theory about where Eden was. They didn't have GPS back then, so they weren't sure."
There was a silence while the two heroes thought about the benefits of modern civilization.
Then the platypus stooped to pick up a tiny figure.
"Look, look, see, see, boss!" yelled Bagman. "The platypus is snatching up Faye Wray!"
"I don't think it's Faye," said Vlod, putting on his spectacles. "Good grief! It's Gilda the Fitness Penguin! He's got Gilda!"
"You don't say."
"We have to do something. We have to, ummm...."
"Hmmm," said Bagman.
"It's climbing the Delicious Golden Bank tower," said Vlod.
"Pity."
"My heart is broken," said Vlod happily.
"I wonder if this is a manifestation of our collective subconscious," said Bagman. "It might be a hideous beast made up of all of our evil wishes and desires."
"A platypus?"
"A platypus makes an excellent symbol because it doesn't make any sense at all."
"So it's a symbol of all of our evil desires?"
"Precisely."
"Speak for yourself!" Bagman. "I never desired Gilda."
"How come Gilda isn't screaming, I wonder?" said Bagman.
"She seems to be enjoying it, doesn't she."
"Look, she's smiling. Who would have thought! Gilda the Fitness Penguin has a dark side."
"Nevertheless, it would look bad on my resume if I didn't try to help her," said Vlod.
Bagman had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 160:WIND-UP TOY PHARAOHS BAFFLE MARCO POLO

Fifty-foot platypuses don't grow on trees. Someone has to think up these things. Someone has to go out and rob body parts from graves to build them. 
It's a dying profession.
The fifty-foot platypus climbing the Delicious Golden Bank tower, however, wasn't your ordinary, garden-variety fifty-foot platypus. 
This platypus was special, because Bagless had lavished all of his skill and care on it, making it the best fifty-foot platypus he possibly could so that he'd pass the entrance exam and be accepted into the Acolytes' Club.
He'd used only the finest cotton thread, and the highest quality rivets.
Rivets don't make a lot of sense in organic material, as you know, but Frankenstein's monster sports them, so everyone else wants them too.
Anyway, there were no defective parts in the monster; Bagless had done his best.
But as everyone knows, warranties are invalid if the product is taken out of the box. You never know what you're going to get when you re-animate a fifty-foot platypus.
Little suspecting that his club project had taken on a life of its own and gone out for a night on the town, Bagless was enjoying himself with his new chum, Polydoor.
He was feeling very much at home on Tockworld now, even though he was an alien. His fellow acolytes LIKED him!
The Secret Order of Acolytes transcends planetary boundaries, as you know. All distinctions between species, genders, races, colors, religions, and eating habits are meaningless to an acolyte. 
For acolytes, it all boils down to one thing: you're with us, or you're against us.
Polydoor, meanwhile, was happy to have a friend to confide in. 
Actually, he happy to have a drinking buddy who would help him procrastinate. 
There was a little problem with his homecoming. It wasn't quite the emotional release he'd been hoping for.
Polydoor had been yearning for Babette all through the long, epic battle with Freddy Manichean Heresy, but now that he was back in good olde Toronto, he had grown hesitant and timid.
What if she didn't love him anymore?
She had betrayed him once, after all. 
Marrying another chap while your lover is away fighting for civilization and the right to tax the Internet is a bit underhanded, even if it was only a very short marriage, and she killed and ate her husband afterwards.
And it wasn't as if Polydoor had given her reason to cheat on him. True, there had been an episode with Lucy Borden involving a certain amount of adulation and hump-stroking, but that was hardly a serious matter.
It was just hydraulics.
Polydoor was a serious acolyte after all. 
What to do? What to do!
The two chums polished off a barrel of McBowel's Special pre-Raphaelite Scotch at the club bar, and headed out to the local Dairy Queen for a milkshake.
On the way, they noticed a certain amount of damage as they made their way up Bay Street, through Toronto's sinister financial district.
Many of the office towers, for instance, looked as though something quite large had punched holes in them.
"Good grief!" said Bagless. "Have the aliens landed?"
"Yours or mine?" said Polydoor.
Bagless flushed to the roots of his hair. He was, an alien, after all, though he didn't like to be reminded of it.
Aliens as you know, are anyone who isn't one of US.
"It might have been a takeover attempt," said Polydoor. "I think I should report to Vlod. He'll be upset."
"Are you sure that reporting to Vlod isn't an excuse to get closer to Babette?" said Bagless slyly. He'd had an earful of Polydoor's love at the bar. 
"Babette can wait," said Polydoor tersely.
Then he happened to look up and spotted the fifty-foot platypus.
"Good grief!" he said. "That fifty-foot platypus looks vaguely familiar."
"No wonder!" said Bagless. "It's the one I built in the Acolytes' Club.
The two astonished acolytes stared at it for a time.
"It's climbing the Delicious Golden Bank Tower," said Bagless.
"I noticed."
"Which means it's no longer in the Acolytes' Club."
"Clever guess, Bagless."
"Someone must have been fooling with the Re-animator."
"It's bad manners to reanimate another chap's project," said Polydoor. "I'll have to speak to the membership committee about this."
"It's carrying Faye Wray," said Bagless.
All aliens know about Faye Wray from watching Earth TV. They find images of King Kong strangely soothing, and of course, Faye Wray has become the standard against which all alien beauties measure themselves.
"No, by gad; it isn't Faye Wray; it's a penguin," said Polydoor.
"Pity," said Bagless. "I was fantasizing about daring rescues with lots of smooching."
"That's a bit excessive."
"I wonder if we should do something."
"As a general rule, fifty-foot platypuses can go where they like," said Polydoor.
"We could at least rescue the penguin."
Polydoor made a face. "I don't mind rescuing innocent victims, but I draw the line at penguins."
"You don't like penguins?" said Bagless.
"They're aliens, you know," said Polydoor. "Anything that ridiculous has to be an alien."
"Aliens are beautiful people," said Bagless.
"But not aliens who are penguins. No one likes people who dress up in tuxes twenty-four hours a day."
"About the platypus...." said Bagless.
"I never liked penguins," said Polydoor. "Penguins ate my great aunt Wonder Hump."
"What does it want with the Delicious Golden Bank, I wonder?" said Bagless.
"Who cares; I bank at the race track."
"I still think we should rescue the penguin. It looks female to me."
"How can you tell?"
"It's wearing a name tag. It says, 'Gilda the Fitness Penguin'."
"Is she screaming?"
"No, she's smiling."
"I knew it. Size does matter."
"We have to do something! That platypus was my entrance exam."
"Hey, the warranty is void after first use. It's not your fault, Bagless. Besides you had an unhappy childhood."
"Wait a minute! Isn't that Vlod Ironbeak getting out of his Vlodmobile?"
Polydoor looked around in shock.
"Oh my gosh! It's Vlod! It's Master. I wonder what he's doing with a wimp like Bagman Gladhand?"
The moment the doors of the Vlodmobile opened, Bagman fled screaming into the wilderness of banking machines.
"I've had enough of the acolyte business," he yelled. "I'm going back to school. I want to be an accountant."
"There's no life like it," said Polydoor.
Vlod beamed at him and hinted at embracing him.
"Polydoor, my good old acolyte!"
"Vlod, my good old boss! You didn't bring Babette, did you?"
"She's building up her strength for your return. She was eating a box of spammers when I left."
"What are we going to do about the platypus?" said Bagless.
"I don't think it intends harm," said Polydoor.
"That's why it wrecked so many office towers, snatched up Gilda and started climbing the Delicious Golden Bank?" said Bagless.
"Well, so far it hasn't flamed anybody," said Vlod.
"True," said Bagless.
"Okay, big hero!" said Polydoor. "It was your project; why don't you tell us what we should do?"
"Hey, is Gilda talking to it?"
"Anyone got a listening device?"
Polydoor plucked a secret, long-range listening device out of his pocket. Everyone fought for a place at the ear plug.
"You've been eating too much junk food," Gilda was saying. "Look at you!"
"I couldn't help it," said the fifty-foot platypus. "I had an unhappy childhood."
"My poor big brute! I can help you with your diet."
"Hmm," said Vlod. "Maybe the platypus is the one who needs rescuing."
Polydoor rolled his eyes.
Meanwhile, on another part of the Monopoly board, Hank and his merry crew continued sailing through the air in their mud-brick ships.
"Look, look, see, see!" yelled Thunderbags. "Down below in the sand! It's Red Tse. We're crossing over him."
"Again?" said Hank. "That's a bit excessive."
"Well, we're not actually crossing over him this time; we're flying over him."
Hank shook his head. "I don't think we should write this one up in the Great Big Book of Things We Did and Said, Thunderbags," he warned. "Once is mythic. Twice is a rerun. Anyway, I'm not even sure it really is Red Tse."
All of the camels looked down at the stranger. It was more interesting than worrying about imminent death.
The stranger was in fact, Marco Polo, leading his caravan towards the Fabulous Spice Spots of Antiquity.
"We're not lost," he was telling his wife, Linda Polo.
"I told you to stop at a gas station and ask for directions," she said. "Would you listen to me? Not on your life! It might make you look silly!"
"We're not lost; we're going exactly where we're supposed to go. We're following the rising sun. Easy as pie. What could go wrong?"
"That sun isn't rising, Marco. It's setting."
"Impossible, we're traveling east."
"It's been up for hours and hours, boiling every bit of moisture out of me."
Marco Polo thought about this for a moment. Had he missed an entire day again? True, he'd been busy writing up his notes so his book would be out in time for the talk shows, but still....
"So you say we've been traveling west?"
"The sun generally sets in the west," said Linda.
"Not always. Haven't you read Hume? Just because a thing happens once or twice in a certain way, doesn't mean it will always happen that way."
"Once or twice?" said his wife. "I think we did it once the whole time--"
"There's a Phoenician gas station," said Marco Polo hastily. "I'll ask for directions if it'll make you feel any better."
"I told you not to bring your wife," said his acolyte, Silk Purse. "They're supposed to stay at home, run your factories and business and pine away for you."
Linda snorted, and a heavy pot shattered at Silk Purse's feet.
Fortunately he was able to escape into the gas station with Marco before the next pot stove in his skull.
The Phoenician manager sized them up and smiled inwardly.
"We're looking for the land of silk worms, rice papers and fire crackers," said Marco Polo.
"Oh, you want the New Bright Toy Company," said the Phoenician. "No need to travel all the way to China to get there; they send around sales people. Here's their catalog."
The Phoenician showed them a thick, colorful catalog. There were pictures of toy bows and arrows, spears, javelins, daggers, and toy weapons of mass destruction, with instructions.
And there were lots of wind-up Egyptian figures with real Egyptian gods.
"Look at this, a wind-up Egyptian pharaoh!" said Silk Purse. 
"What does it do?" said Marco.
"Um, it says on the box you just wind it up and watch it fertilize the--um, does Pharaoh Peachtree know about this?"
"It flatters him," said the Phoenician. "It's anatomically correct, but a bit out of proportion."
"I can see that," said Linda, smirking. 
"What is the purpose of these toys?" said Marco.
The Phoenician looked at him; then he looked at Linda.
"Doesn't get around very much does he?" he said.
Silk Purse had a bad feeling about this.....


CHAPTER 161:BUFFALO HUNTERS OF THE NEGEV

There was a fracas in Philip Napoleon's Napoleon Box.
"The patients are restless," said Philip. "I give them nice images that represent their innermost desires, and this is how they react!"
"Not everyone wants to be a cute, small animal with big eyes," said Allura.
"Some of us do," said the dead squid, and it began singing: "When the moon's in the sky like a big pizza pie--"
"Don't let them out until the squid promises not to sing in the shower," said Allura. 
"Meanwhile," said Philip, "We'll have time to massage your psychosis a little. Come and see my etchings."
He led the way into his office and Allura followed at a safe distance.
Josephine winked at her as she dropped a sixteen-ton safe onto the office computer.
Philip motioned to  Allura to join him at his electroshock table.
"Time to find out a little bit more about your symptoms," he said. "How long have you hated your Manchurian Canard personality?"
"It's nothing personal," said Allura. "I just want it annihilated. What happens if it kicks in while I'm at the symphony or the ballet, and I begin tearing complete strangers to pieces!"
Philip's eyes grew very large. "I thought that was normal for you," he said. 
"Only when I'm negotiating a deal."
"Hmm. Have you noticed any other strange desires and cravings since the Manchurian Canard personality was downloaded into your brain?"
"Well, I do have an inexplicable need to shop."
"Shopping is good," said Philip. "It keeps the economy rolling along. Without extravagant consumers, the economy would collapse and we'd all have to go back to killing buffalo for food."
"So it's a plot hatched by the buffalo to keep us from killing them?" said Allura. "It's a bit late for that, isn't it!"
"Hmm," said Philip. "I never thought of it that way. If you become obsessed with shopping, you lose track of your environment. It would be easy for unscrupulous buffalo hunters to lure you over the edge of a cliff."
"Somehow I don't think--"
"This is undoubtedly the origin of the phrase, 'Shop 'till you drop'," said Philip. 
Allura shuddered. "I hate shopping. How can I get this thing out of my system?"
Philip motioned to the electroshock table. 
"No time like the present," he said. 
"Okay," said Allura. "But don't get any funny ideas while I'm helpless in the grip of that machine, or I'll rip out your lungs and your liver and sell them online."
"Oh I love it when you talk dirty," said Philip. "Shall we commence?"
Allura nodded her agreement and strapped him down on the electroshock table.
"Wait, this isn't how it's supposed to work," said Philip.
"Can I push the lever?" said Josephine.
"Okay," said Philip, reluctantly. "But whatever you do, don't set it to 'broccoli'."
"You mean like this?" said Josephine.
"Yes, no! NO! Argh!"
There was a flash and a bang, and every fuse in the clinic blew.
"Not again!" yelled Josephine. "Another system crash! Just as I was uploading our patient records to the BBC."
"Don't you have battery backups?" said Allura.
"Philip doesn't like batteries."
"They're too heavy," said Philip. "At Waterloo, they got stuck in the mud and--"
"I thought you told me Napoleon won that battle," said Allura.
"He did, but it was a near thing. If the Prussians hadn't taken a wrong turn and marched into Russia, we'd all be speaking English now."
"But we ARE speaking English," said Allura.
"That's because modern French is full of Anglicisms," said Philip.
Allura was about to object when there was a sudden commotion outside.
"The Napoleon Box!" yelled Philip, jumping down from the table.
Everyone hurried outside.
"It looks like the power surge did some damage to the controls," said Allura. "The terminals are scorched, and look at that coil hanging loose from a wire!"
"That's my slinky toy," said Philip, snatching it up.
"Open the box," said Josephine. "I want to see the mess."
"You never know what you're going to get when you open up a box of patients," said Philip, reaching for the end flap.
The moment he opened it, the noise stopped. There was a long, eerie silence.
Then an average family came out--a mom and dad, two boys, and a squid.
"Great Scott, it's the Nelsons!" said Philip.
"No it isn't," said Allura. "Harriet wasn't a robot with a beak and green hair. Ozzie was never a Manichean heresy. The two boys weren't aliens, and they didn't have a pet squid."
"A dead pet squid," said Funbytes, the robot. "And the name is Mrs. Average to you. Irma Average. This is my husband, Bipolar, and these are my two boys, Dick and Jane."
"Which one is Jane?" said Philip.
"The one with the squid."
"Is that why you called him Jane? Because he has a squid?"
"We called him Jane because we want him to learn how to fight," said Irma. "Wrestling is a very good career move."
"I can't believe this!" said Philip. "That stupid box took a lot of perfectly good psychopaths and turned them into an average suburban family. I'm going to sue Acme Corp."
"Who said anything about the suburbs!" said Irma. "I'm not living out there. I want an apartment in a fancy condo downtown."
"We'll send our kids to the Toronto Random School," said Bipolar. "Irma can start a weapons facility. I'll start a drug company."
"So much to do and so little time," said Irma.
"This can't be right," said Dick. "We aren't children, you know. We aren't even human; we're aliens. And what about our UFO? Where is it?"
"Who cares?" said Jane. "It's only a flying saucer! It needs new shocks anyway, and it has to go through a pollution check because it's more than five years old."
"I guess the homeless person can drive it while we're busy wrecking the school," said Dick.
Thus it was, the Average family set about building an ordinary life in an ordinary city, hoping against hope to rid themselves of their old, dysfunctional personalities.
Meanwhile, the homeless person and Brubaker were not, in fact, driving the UFO; they were trapped in a canoe, at the mercy of a deranged beaver who was spiriting them away from a dragon.
The people who eventually took over the UFO were stowaways.
Tired of flying upside down over ancient Egypt, they emerged at last from their separate hiding places and blinked in the green light of the command centre.
One was a camel, and one was a duck.
"Hey, where is everybody?" said the camel.
Who are you?" said the duck.
"The name is Odd Camel. I was taking a break, smoking a little tent rope in the privacy of what I thought was a privy when it launched itself into the sky."
"You shouldn't smoke tent ropes; they damage your long-term memory and make you impotent."
"So! If I don't have any long-term memory, I won't remember I'm impotent. Anyway, what's YOUR excuse for hiding out here."
"I'm Fertile Crescent, a Babylonian scientist. I was hiding weapons of mass destruction."
Odd Camel was scandalized. "You hid WMD's on a UFO?"
"What's wrong with that?" said Fertile Crescent. "No one would think of looking for them here--too many aliens. Anyway, it worked. The inspectors haven't found them yet."
"What kind of weapons? Nukes?"
"Spam."
"You're kidding me!" Odd Camel was horrified. "What if it goes off while we're trapped on board?"
"Relax! It's perfectly safe. I packed it myself in bubble wrap. What could go wrong?"
"Don't say that!" squawked Odd Camel. "It's an ancient Canaanite curse that invokes a doom!"
"It is?"
"We have to do something."
"Like what?"
"I don't know, but if this thing crashes, we're doomed."
"Possibly."
"Can we delete the spam?"
"I'm afraid not. It's genetically modified spam; it can't be deleted or neutralized; you have to bury it in a salt mine."
"Shame on you for building this stuff."
"Hey, I was just following orders. Anyway I only worked on the triggering mechanism. I had nothing to do with the actual spam."
"If this UFO crashes, it could be the end of civilization as we know it."
"It depends on what you mean by civilization."
"I mean the kind that makes tent ropes and haggis."
"We could always go back to hunting buffalo," said Fertile Crescent.
"The Buffalo of the Negev are too cunning to be hunted down," said Odd Camel. "That's why Americans settled Nebraska instead of the Negev."
"We could try and turn this thing around."
"Where are we gonna take it if we do get it turned around?"
"We could fly into the Underworld. That would be a safe place. There's an entrance in the Yorkville subway station, in darkest Toronto."
"That's Vlod Ironbeak's turf. Won't he object to a UFO flying a load of spam over his airspace?"
"We'll tell them it's an emergency abduction; he'll let us through."
"Okay, do you know how to drive this thing?"
"It's a flying saucer. How hard can it be?"
"I warned you about that!"
Thus it was, Odd Camel and the scientist devoted themselves to the task of diverting the UFO and saving Tockworld.
Hank of Ur and his chums had no idea they were bound for Toronto, of course; they only knew that the UFO had made another sharp turn and was heading West again.
Meanwhile, in another part of the boardroom, Vlod was stupefied.
For weeks he had agonized over the Gilda problem: what is she, really? Why me? How can I put her out of my mind?
And now, in a single blow, he had been set free.
By a fifty-foot platypus.
Polydoor, sensing Vlod's paralysis, gave him a worried look, taking especial note of the greenish pallor and the twisted grin. 
"You look sick, master," he said. "Would you like a transfusion?"
"Hmmm," said Vlod distractedly. "What? Oh, I'm quite all right, Polydoor. Ecstatic, in fact."
"Oh," said Polydoor, growing even more worried. Ecstatic? Vlod Ironbeak? Tockworld must be off its hinges!
"Is she really going to abandon me for that fifty-foot platypus, do you think?" Vlod said.
The note of tremulous hope in his voice was unmistakable. So that was it! Not sickness, not insanity, but relief!
Now Polydoor was relieved too. At least his master wasn't becoming deranged.
"It would seem so, master," he said.
"Great Scott! What are those fools in the biplanes doing?" yelled Vlod. "They're attacking the poor creature. No! No! No, you idiots! Shoot them down, Polydoor. Do something! I want that platypus alive!"
Polydoor whipped out a pair of signal flags and began frantically semaphoring the pilots.
Fortunately they all understood naval signal codes and broke off their attack immediately.
Vlod was pleased. "You wouldn't happen to have a megaphone on you, Polydoor?" he said. "I have a message for our tall friend."
Polydoor fumbled in his jacket pocket for his Internet-enabled megaphone and handed it over.
"Are you going to tell it the jig's up, boss?"
"No, no! I love that platypus. I want to offer it a job."
"Oh, I get it. You want to give it a job exploring distant galaxies with Gilda."
"Something like that."
"You could send it to look for the Power of Durable Evil."
"They'd never find it."
"Exactly."
Just then, Gilda yelled into her own megaphone: "You aren't mad at me are you, Vloddie dear? I couldn't help myself. This is bigger than both of us."
"It's true what they say," muttered Polydoor. "Size does matter."
"Speak for yourself, Polydoor. Mine is quite large."
"But I have an enormous hump."
"Besides, platypuses don't have THINGS," Polydoor. "They do it with, um--"
There was a silence while Vlod and Polydoor thought things over.
"Boggles the mind, doesn't it, master?" said Polydoor. "The idea of a platypus actually doing it.'
"With platypuses, it probably happens by accident, while they're thinking about something else," said Vlod.
"Just like the rest of us," said Polydoor. "Anyway, I heard they do it with crustaceans."
"Really?" said Vlod. "Whatever for?"
"They pass them around at parties and the females wax great with child--it's like catching a cold. "
"That's disgusting. That's the last time I eat shellfish."
Just then, the fifty-foot platypus began climbing down the Delicious Golden Bank tower.
"Look, look, see, see!" yelled Polydoor. "He's climbing down, master. He's accepting your offer."
The platypus grinned foolishly while Gilda did the talking through her megaphone.
"We're off to the Fabulous Mists of Antiquity to look for the Power of Durable Evil," she said.
"Good for you!" said Vlod. "Make sure to write."
"Send postcards," said Polydoor.
"Dress warmly and in layers," said Vlod.
With that, the fifty-foot platypus girded its loins and bore Gilda off into the sunset.
"Well, that's that!" said Polydoor, smirking.
"I wonder what the people in the Fabulous Mists of Antiquity will make of a fifty-foot platypus and a penguin," said Vlod.
"They'll probably think it has something to do with fertility rites," said Polydoor.
"People in antiquity are sex-mad," said Vlod. "They think everything is a fertility rite!"
Just then a flying saucer zoomed over head, towing a lot of mud-brick ships. As it passed over the fifty-foot platypus, a beam shot down.
Seconds later, both the platypus and Gilda had been abducted.
Vlod had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 162:SHIFTY PETE'S UFO RENTALS

"I wonder what the aliens want with a fifty-foot platypus, Master,' said Polydoor.
"Novelty," I should imagine," said Vlod. "Maybe they think it's part of a set; abduct the penguin and you get the platypus."
"You mean someone actually wanted Gilda?"
"Who knows? Maybe one of the aliens wanted to experiment with weapons of mass destruction."
"I presume you mean health food."
"Or maybe they had something else in mind."
"Clean minds, clean bodies and bottomless depression?"
"They might have been thinking of cutting off health food at the source before it spreads." 
"Amen!" said Polydoor. "If it doesn't clog your arteries, it's not food."
"Some of us no longer use arteries, Polydoor."
"Present company except, Master. Anyway, you look much better now that Gilda is gone. It would seem Nurse Jane's Magic Cap loses signal strength over distance."
"True," said Vlod, checking his heart. "I do feel much better. My heart isn't beating at all now; I must be free."
"Maybe love is like gravity," said Polydoor.
"Ah yes, its effect increases with the mass of the object."
"And decreases with distance, Master."
"Possibly," said Vlod vaguely. "I don't do math; I have accountants for that."
"And rightly so, Master. Bite first, calculate later; that's the sign of an effective mayor."
"Thank you Polydoor. I only wish I could help  you dispense with your odd obsession for Babette."
"It's hopeless, Master. In my case, love knows no bounds. Absence makes the heart grow fonder, etc."
"That's because it's true love, Polydoor, not some trick worked up by Nurse Jane and her Magic Cap. True love is a primal force, like insanity. It operates in a separate dimension, outside space and time."
"You mean love makes us miserable always and everywhere?" said Polydoor. "I wonder why we permit it."
"It distracts us from video games, I should imagine."
"I'll take the video games!" said Polydoor. "I only wish I had your clarity of mind, Master. If I could rid myself of love--"
"I have not rid myself of love, Polydoor. Now that Gilda is gone, I feel true love stirring inside me once again, like an alien thrashing about in my chest."
"Good grief!"
"Yes, Polydoor. It's back. It is not, however, vulgar lust. I am once again consumed by a pure and noble love for the rare and radiant maiden, Lenore McBeauty."
"I see," said Polydoor.
Vlod heard the subtle irony in Polydoor's voice, but he chose to ignore it. Instead he plucked a locket from its cool nesting place against his chest and opened it, gazing with a lovesick expression at the picture inside.
Polydoor eyed it curiously.
"This is new, master."
"I had it made while you were cavorting with Freddy Manichean Heresy."
"Cavorting?" Polydoor gnashed his beak in suppressed fury. For this he had battled the hideous Freddy Manichean Heresy! For this he had risked his life with inflammable porridge and exploding haggis! He had fought and schemed and sweated and toiled, only to be told he'd been CAVORTING!
Evil thoughts raced through Polydoor's mind, and for a second or two, he almost disliked Vlod.
But his mid-life crisis passed in a flash, as they usually do in acolytes of a certain age; his hump quickly cooled off, his mind regained its composure, and he gave his attention to the picture.
It was a doctored photograph showing Lenore McBeauty and Vlod, side by side in peasant garb.
"Nice Photoshop technique, Master. It looks real."
"It is real, Polydoor! I make my own reality. The cheap, secondary reality that clings to this world follows along later."
"After a certain amount of fetching, carrying, bending and shaping by a loyal acolyte," said Polydoor.
Vlod patted his acolyte on the hump. "I do recognize your talents in bending and adjusting this vale of tears to make it fit the world I so lovingly imagine, Polydoor."
"Polydoor purred and vibrated. "Thank you, Master. I like the Goth pitchfork and coveralls, by the way. And the barn looks nice."
Vlod beamed. "I thought so too."
"Lenore looks happy with you in that photo, even though neither of you are smiling."
"No one smiles in photographs anymore, Polydoor. It's not cool."
"Silly me! I thought it might be a hernia or some such."
"Lenore is very happy. She doesn't realize it yet, of course, but she will as soon as you find her and inform her of this fact."
Polydoor sighed. "I'll do my best, Master."
"I want her back, Polydoor, even though I never had her in the first place. All that stands in my way is Macklin. He must complete the model railroad Lenore envisioned. It must be done properly; the fate of Tockworld depends on it."
"And for that, we'll need Macklin," sighed Polydoor.
"We have to revive him, as insignificant as he is," said Vlod. "Perhaps a dose of electroshock therapy would do the trick."
"We could reassess his condo," said Polydoor. "A nice tax increase works wonders on the psyche."
"We could offer him a complete collection of Railroad Model Craftsman magazines. That would bring back a lot of model railroaders from the land of the undead."
"Or we could force him to enjoy the carnival that Arthur and his chums are building at the Acme Corporation," said Polydoor.
"You mean the Carnival of Lies?" said Vlod.
"They're calling it King Arthur's Rides," said Polydoor. "Brought to you by the Acme Corporation. (Good Ideas Gone Bad!)"
"Whatever," said Vlod. "As long as they pay their taxes, they can call themselves whatever they like. Anyway, it's time we paid them a visit. We can pick up Macklin on the way."
Polydoor eyed his master wearily. 
There was something missing in this equation, something he wasn't being told. He wondered if it had anything to do with health food, then he dismissed the thought. 
Vlod would tell him in due time, when everything was about to collapse. Meanwhile, he had other things to worry about.
Babette, for instance.
Thus it was the two friends started back in the Vlodmobile, driving towards City Hall, by way of Macklin's condo. Vlod was still mooning over his locket while Polydoor grew more and more nervous as they drew nearer to Babette.
She'd be waiting for him in the dungeon at City Hall, among the dried-out hulks of ex-husbands and stray flies. Would she be happy to see him? Would she kill him and eat him in a moment of forgetfulness?
Outside the Vlodmobile, a cheering crowd of taxpayers nearly fainted with relief because, in the excitement of facing down a fifty-foot platypus, Vlod had forgotten to raise taxes.
Vlod, meanwhile, considered his acolyte. 
"You're quite nervous about returning to Babette, aren't you Polydoor! I've never seen you this bad before."
"Oh thank you Master."
Vlod handed him a red telephone..
"What's this? A hot line to the Kremlin?"
"It's a hot line to Philip Napoleon. You need a little emergency therapy."
Polydoor had his own ideas about Philip Napoleon, but he picked up the receiver. Philip was THERE and he was HERE; what could go wrong?
"I'm busy right now, counseling Mr. And Mrs. Average," said Philip. I can do you too, Polydoor, but there'll be a multitasking surcharge."
"I don't have any money," hissed Polydoor. "My job doesn't pay a lot. You know how it is when you work as one of Vlod Ironbeak's tax assessors."
"Tsk. Why didn't you say so! Any friend of Vlod's is a friend of mine. What seems to be the problem?"
"I'm nervous about--"
"That explains everything. Tell me, did you have a childhood?"
"I did once, but I lost it."
"That was careless of you. Everybody needs a childhood. You can't be psychotic without one."
"It's not my fault; I was doing just fine until I got this spam about making my manhood larger. They said women would love it, so I sent away for it."
"And?"
"There were side effects."
"Such as?"
"I grew this hump. Of course it attracted women--masses of them--but my childhood was over."
"Hmmm." Philip put Polydoor on hold while he thought about this puzzling new case. At the same time, he gave his attention to Irma and Bipolar Average, their two boys, and their pet dead squid.
"Just a few final adjustments and you'll be perfectly normal," he said. 
Meanwhile, inside the UFO that was towing Hank of Ur's mud-brick ships, Gilda looked around with interest. 
It was a rebuilt UFO; the interior still smelled of glue.
There was a Shifty Pete's Rent-A-UFO tag hanging from the rear-view mirror.
Standing in a corner playing Doom were Big Aesop, Wiggy, Bella and Donna.
Big Aesop and Wiggy contemplated the platypus with a mixture of awe and hilarity. Fortunately the UFO was much bigger on the inside than it was on the outside, so the platypus didn't have to bend its neck as it moved about.
"We were thinking of making a movie about a fifty-foot platypus when we just happened to spot you," said Wiggy. "It's about a large guy who overcomes an unhappy childhood and a life of crime to go on and find love with Weather Woman, make lots of money, get revenge on his enemies and amass tons of possessions."
"I'm his agent," said Gilda. "His name is, umm--"
The platypus beamed at her.
"It's Biff the Platypus, my dear," he said. 
He took her small hand in his large one.
"We'll do your movie if you help us find Merlin the Wizard," said Gilda.
"Of course," said Big Aesop quickly. "But why Merlin? Why not Jerry and the Pacemakers?"
"We want Merlin to give us new form factors so we can smooch without putting a crick in Biff's neck," said Gilda.
"Okay by me," said Big Aesop. "But first we do the movie."
"Why do you want to shoot a movie?" said Gilda. "You've got everything now! You've got a UFO, an alien, two beautiful ducks...."
"Thank you," said Bella and Donna. "We always said penguins are a class act."
"The movie is important," said Big Aesop. "We need it to help Wiggy and Bagless blend in so they can take over Tockworld and make everyone do exactly what they want them to do. Bagless is already on his way, of course; he even got invited to join the acolytes' club."
"And we also want to find out about the Manchurian Canard," said Bella and Donna. "Not for BAM, of course. We wouldn't dream of working for BAM."
"What about evil Dr. Wacker?" said Gilda. "Are you working for him?"
"Definitely not! He's creepy; he writes spam!"
Big Aesop eyed the platypus.
"You don't have a sister do you?" he said. "Someone who could fit into this Spandex Weather Woman suit?"
"As a matter of fact I do," said Biff. "Would you like to meet her?"
There was a silence in the UFO. Big Aesop's forehead glowed.
Wiggy had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 163:THE HOUSE OF DOOM

Allura eyed the Average family skeptically.
"They look normal," she said.
"Of course they do!" said Philip. "That's the whole point. This is a perfectly average family, the bellwether that will stand guard over our pop culture, letting us know in advance when anything is about to change."
"With a dead squid and a boy named Jane?"
"Those are important indicators of a sea change in popular culture. No more Little House on the Prairie! Bring on Dostoevsky!"
"Nobody reads the classics anymore, Philip. You'll have to settle for Grand Theft Auto."
Philip grinned maniacally at her. "Marketing hounds will pay fortunes for access to the Average family," he said. "I'll arrange for webcams and hourly access--"
"Leave that to me," said Josephine. "You were the one who picked Macrohard Angst for our computers and look where that got us!"
Philip blushed. "I only chose Angst because it's Vlod's favorite operating system," he said. "He uses it on Sparkles the Wonder Computer."
"Vlod has in-house tech support. We just have sledge hammers and a bulldozer. Besides, every time the new version of Angst boots up, it checks your identity to see if you really have the right to be the person you think you are. If you don't, it deletes your personality and replaces it with a cow or a sheep from the department of agriculture."
"Very well," said Philip. "You're the expert. Will there be punishment?"
"Not now; I'm arranging for a missile strike on our computer this afternoon. It crashed while I was uploading patient records to a new Reality TV server."
Philip blew her a kiss and turned back to his new family, gloating over their first signs of dysfunctional behavior.
"If this really is a perfectly average family," said Allura, "Don't you think you should hide it in a bunker somewhere? If Dr. Wacker finds it, he'll use it to control the world. He'll have advance knowledge of what average people want."
"Pish!" said Philip. "Dr. Wacker's nothing but a snake-oil salesman. What can he do against an experienced shrink?"
Allura took a step backwards from the smiting zone, waiting for some spectacular act of revenge. 
But nothing happened; no savage werewolf leaped out of the netherworlds to avenge his honor. All was normal and average.
"I'll make them famous," gloated Philip. "They'll be the trend setters for everyone who wants to fit in. Now that everything new is old again, and community standards have melted away, I'll make the Average family the NEW community standard."
The Averages were bickering at an accelerated rate now. Philip grew alarmed and stepped in to calm things down.
"Now, now!" he said. "There's no need to smite each other; you'll get used to being a happy family--"
"AVERAGE family," said Allura. "There's a difference."
"Are you another shrink?" said Freddy.
"This is Allura Femme Fatale," said Philip. "She wants to see how being average works so she can settle down some day with a nice young shrink and live a happy life with a lot of smooching etc."
"You wish!" said Allura. "Besides, you're not young."
"Youth is in the eye of the beholder."
"Reality is in the eye of the beholder," said Allura. "And you aren't real. I've got twenty-twenty vision, by the way."
"Looks can be deceiving," said Philip. "Beneath this odd exterior--"
"Lies an odd interior," said Josephine. Then she lifted him off his feet.
"Remember the patient-doctor taboo?" she said.
"Of course. Allura isn't a patient; her Manchurian Canard is the patient. Will there be punishment?"
"Not now; I'm coordinating the missile strike. Get back to work, and no more hanky panky. Allura and I are like sisters."
Allura winked at Josephine. Some day she'd find a man exactly like Josephine; they'd stroll off into the sunset together with a bag of sledgehammers and a wrecked computer.
Philip patted Freddy on the arm.
"Remember, you're quite normal now," he said. "But that can change in a flash. I've installed an anti-lunacy package in your system, but you have to keep it up to date. Make sure you download the latest symptoms every week, and scan your identity for signs of psychotic behavior. If you run into any problems, just delete everything, call tech support, and beg for a new identity."
Freddy looked upon his new family in a daze. How had this happened, he wondered. 
There I was, a terrible mythical entity, both good and evil, provoking fear in the hearts of all who beheld me, battling the haggis-bearing Polydoor with his black arts and his porridge, and now I'm a mere Father of the Family, a figure of fun and derision, an ineffectual buffoon, butt of hundreds of jokes, obsolete and doomed!
He listened with half an ear as Philip explained what average families did, reading from a list.
"You'll need a barbecue," Philip said. "And debts."
"Debts?" said Freddy. "What are you talking about! If I want something, I demand it. If I don't get it, I send plague, famine, war and spammers into the land."
"Been there, done that," said Philip. "History is over now. People make their own afflictions. If you want things, you run up debts like everybody else; it's your civic duty. You have to keep the factories humming."
"I AM MYTHICAL," roared Freddy. "My afflictions are NOT average."
"Myth isn't what it used to be," said Philip. "We have paparazzi now to deflate everyone. You're totally average and you should be proud of it."
Freddy muttered and grumbled, but he settled down after Irma gave him a look.
Then Philip pulled his Shrinkmobile out of the garage and drove the Averages out to the suburbs to show them their new house."
"Hey!" said Irma. "I said I wanted a condo downtown."
"Condos aren't average," said Philip.
It was a long, long ride, ending finally in a new development of fully detached houses, each with a few inches of potential lawn, and some bumps in the dirt.
"What are those bumps?" said Irma suspiciously.
"That's the landscaping," said Philip. "They're trees."
"GOING to be trees," said a gruff voice.
It was Shifty Pete, contractor, marina owner, and UFO rental service. He wandered over in his coveralls, construction boots, and his marina cap.
"They're seedlings," he said. "Right now they're just resting, getting used to their new home in your yard."
"Those trees are dead," said Freddy.
"No they aren't."
"Yes they are. I can see their ghosts hovering like misty seed pods in the polluted air."
"They're gathering their strength after their long journey from the fiords. They need time to refresh themselves."
"They're defunct!" said Freddy. "They gave up the sap ages ago, leaving their husks to rot in the miasma."
"Give them a chance!" said Shifty Pete. "They're young and inexperienced, so they don't know how to put out leaves yet. It's not an easy thing, putting out leaves. You have to work up dozens of chemical reactions just to get photosynthesis going! Better living with chemistry, and all that."
"I won't have chemical reactions going on in my front yard; I won't stand for it!"
"We could kill the trees."
"In this case, it would be a crime--messing about with corpses."
"Going to be corpses! They aren't there yet!"
"Ahem," said Philip, motioning to the open garage door. "Your car."
Philip whipped around, half-expecting yet another tree, perhaps with wheels and a sunroof. Then his jaw dropped open.
"Who put that packing box in my garage?" he squawked.
"It's not a packing box; it's a car."
"It's a box. You could pack a year's supply of haggis in there."
"Negative waves, Freddy!" said Philip. "That it is a beautiful machine. It's a Pickard Trilobite Warehouse Loader Deluxe Van, big enough for a growing family, yet still with a touch of cool for those important macho drives through rain forests and tidal flats."
"It looks like a shipping container on wheels. Where's the Maersk sign?"
"It's fully equipped with a TV set so you can catch up on football replays on your way to work, and GPS in case you get lost in a parking lot."
"I'm not buying gas for that behemoth!"
"No need to worry. This is a suburban house, remember. It comes with a backyard petroleum refinery for those thirsty suburban cars."
But Freddy was not to be put off.
"I can't afford to run a petroleum refinery; mythical figures don't get paid enough."
"That's because you haven't endorsed any running shoes or jockstraps yet. But you can easily run up a debt."
"I've never had a debt in my life. People have always given me things."
"Don't worry about it; debts are easy. You can start by refinancing your house. You get lots of cash that way; you can build an additional room for your home entertainment system, and remember it's your patriotic duty to buy things."
Freddy stalked away, muttering and grumbling to himself, and tripped over a rake.
"What's this?" he roared. "A votive object some clumsy acolyte forgot to sacrifice?"
"Garden equipment," said Philip. "It's part of the contract when you move into the suburbs. You dig holes in the ground and dump in a lot of  seeds. Shifty Pete includes twelve packs of assorted seeds with every house you buy."
"Seeds? Gardening? Do you think I'm some kind of wimpy vegetation goddess? Is this what YOU do in your spare time?"
"Josephine takes care of all of that. She sacrifices a patient every autumn in our office and plants new crops in the spring. She likes plants that sting and bite."
Freddy Bipolar's mood was growing fouler by the minute.
"And this?" he said, kicking an odd looking device on four spindly legs. "What's this? Some kind of gardening tool?"
"That's the barbecue," said Philip. "For burning and charring things."
"Aha!" said Freddy, suddenly interested. "So this is where my worshippers sacrifice an ox? It looks kind of small."
Just then a massive Saint Bernard charged out of the back of a truck, knocked him flat on his back and slobbered all over him.
"Begone, lowly creature of the lower depths!" roared Freddy. "I cast upon thee the spell of--"
"That's WetVac, your pet dog," said Philip. "He comes with a gardener named Zeke. And this is your poop'n'scoop."
Freddy Bipolar was beside himself with fury.
"MOI? Stoop'n'poop."
"Well no, not as such," said Philip. "WetVac will take care of the pooping part. Your mission, should you accept it, is to remove the droppings."
There was strained silence, during which the Saint Bernard deposited a steaming object on the weedy lawn, and Philip consulted his list of things to do and say, wondering if he'd missed something.
Meanwhile, Dick and Jane were burning crop circles into the lawn with a blowtorch while the dead squid looked on.
"Boys will be boys," said Irma affectionately.
Eventually Philip discovered part 2 of his list and ushered everyone inside the house.
"It's a large house, as you can see," he said. "That's why you live so far out, so you can have an enormous house, and lots of peace quiet in which to think about the hour-long commute to your office."
"I have an office?" said Freddy.
"Both of you get to toil in cubicles," said Philip. "This is the modern era."
Suddenly A 747 roared low overhead, clipping off the weathervane. The pilot was flying low because he only had a learner's permit, and besides, he was tired after a long session with his therapist.
Freddy whipped out a slingshot and put a clotted ball of McBowel's Inflammable Porridge right through the fuselage.
Fortunately it was a self-sealing fuselage and no one was hurt. A passenger, who was about to sit on the throne in one of the washrooms, was traumatized when a clotted wad of porridge shot out of the bowl and punched through the ceiling, but some people are easily alarmed.
"Don't worry about the noise," said Philip. "Pilots have to shut off their engines at night when they're passing over this area so as not to bother you when you're sleeping."
Then he took everyone into a large central area.
"This is the family room," he said.
"What are the other rooms?" said Freddy. "Dog rooms?"
"Okay, this is the entertainment system," said Philip, ignoring him. 
Irma examined the enormous pile of electronics, located the remote, and pressed a few buttons.
There was a roar and a whoosh as a missile streaked skywards, arcing towards Omaha, Nebraska.
"Oops," said Philip. "That's the recycler. You're not supposed to launch things until you've selected an uninhabited wilderness as your target. THIS is the playback control."
He pressed the button and there was another roar as Lawrence Welk cranked up his band.
Freddy hid behind the sofa until Philip led the way into the kitchen.
"The kitchen, you will notice, comes well equipped with specialized weapons for assaulting any food unfortunate enough to make it inside."
Irma picked up a bayonet and Freddy hid behind the sofa again.
"And this," said Philip, opening a cupboard, "Is a lawyer-in-a-box."
Freddy made a sign to ward off evil.
"I draw the line at lawyers," he said. "I'll never be able to sleep at night knowing there's a lawyer in the house."
"Don't be a loony," said Philip. "These days, no house is complete without a lawyer. The suburbs are a minefield of litigation. If you read Clausewitz on suburban living, you'll see what I mean."
Meanwhile, in a tower far away, the ever-vigilant Dr. Wacker rubbed his hands together and gloated.
"Think of it!" he cackled. "If I mix together the Average family and the Power of Durable Evil, I'll have the most formidable weapon in the Universe of Adjustable Manners. NO ONE WILL EVER AGAIN DARE TO TELL ME THAT I'VE GOT A SMALL--"
"Yes boss?"
"Um. Small...um...vision thing. Yes! I mean, NO! Never again. It's not small! No way. Ni!"
The Hippopotamus of Fate laughed and laughed. All the same, she had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 164:MAKING IT BIG

Dr. Wacker was still extolling the virtues of his enormous ellipsis when a beeping noise rudely interrupted his fiction. 
"It's for you," said Carrion Snipe, his acolyte. "It's Dr. Plum Canard on MSN."
Wacker sat in front of his computer, Tim the Avenger, and checked the message.
"That scoundrel is at it again!" he said. "He wants a special meeting of the Villains' Club."
"Good heavens!" said Carrion. "Whatever for? Remember what happened the last time all of the villains got together? You fought a war over who should tip the waiter! Half of Toronto was devastated. Vlod Ironbeak raised your taxes five thousand percent to cover the costs!"
"The waiter thing was just an excuse; we had our reasons."
"Oh yes; a question of who had the biggest--"
"That will do, Carrion."
There was a silence filled with suppressed hilarity, the tap-tap-"CURSES!" of a poor typist, and an occasional growl of frustration.
The flow of messages went like this:
Wht is it, cAnrd?
We nEeD ta TulK, WickeR?
Hoos tA tUlx? aNd my nAMz not wIkker!
I novr sud it wass. Cnt U spel? We nid to TTTTALLKKK.
Whafor?
Cause some slimbog iss fighting uz dirty.
wHa?
I sud sim slaMboog is fitting us darty. Ee Sez wE have tiny--
Arretez. POTS! u nO I hates prn talk.
Pipple ur storting ta luff.
wHo's luffing?
Poople. 
wHo Dares soy you have a tiny--
U too; thur liffing at u tOo:
Kwa? Moi?
tHe sAme.
Moi? tHey dare soy I hef A toony teeny--
pOpple r liffing at u.
aNd not u?
Me too. bUt less.
wE ned ta tulk. ArGH! Cull a mooting.
Villeins Klub?
Yus.
Wan?
Reet nOw. Duth to loffers.
last wan ther iss a grouper.
I;M gone.
Thus it was, three of Tockworld's chief villains gathered at the Villains' Club near the Delicious Golden Bank, in the heart of Toronto's financial district, for an emergency meeting.
The Villains' Club, by the way, rivals the High Court of Chancery in splendor and opacity.
Only the worst villains are admitted; mere thugs and murderers never darken its doors. 
You have to show the vision thing to get into the Villains' Club.
Anyway, three supreme villains gathered in the Hatchery over a dinner of haggis and Scotch to ponder the crisis facing them.
Unfortunately, no one really wanted to address the subject directly, so a degree of circumlocution was called for.
Circumlocution, while a useful and indeed necessary feature of your typical high-level government meeting, is dangerous in the hands of mere amateurs.
Fortunately each villain had brought his acolyte to take care of technical details.
Mr. Clack was the first to fly off the handle, but his acolyte, Treacle Mine calmed him down.
"If worst comes to worst, you can have yours replaced, boss," he said. "You have a service contract."
"True, but will the company send me a larger one?"
"They're on version two now, sir. I hear it's much bigger."
Mr. Clack settled down.
When Plum Canard grew restive and wanted to check himself in the washroom to make sure nothing was shrinking, his acolyte, Legacy Device, soothed him.
"They only shrink when you eat health food, boss," said Legacy. "Pigging out on chocolate cake and poutine fosters growth."
"It does?"
"Haggis is good too. You know what they say about the Scots!"
"What precisely do they say about the Scots, Legacy?"
"Well, you know those big pole-tossing contests they have at the Highland Games?"
"Yes, I believe I--WHAT? NO? Surely you jest! Those big poles can't be--"
"Can't they, boss?"
"But..they toss them around, :Legacy! They hurl them through the air like...like..."
"Telephone poles, boss?"
"You mean, on festive occasions, they actually detach their things and toss them around? That's a bit excessive isn't it! Why would they do such a thing?"
"I suppose they need to air them out from time to time."
"But...what about the ladies?"
"Well they haven't asked to join the competition yet, boss. A question of equipment, I believe."
"I MEANT, Legacy," said Plum, "aren't they put off by such a display of...of...."
"High spirits, boss? They do seem to enjoy the festivities. Size does matter, you know."
"So it's true what the spammers say!"
"We've always known the truth of THAT old saw, boss. If you ask me, it explains the pyramids. I mean, what could be bigger?"
"Egads!" croaked Plum. "The pyramids? And all this time I thought they were just a tricky sort of financial scheme!"
"Well, that too."
Clack and Wacker, who had been listening to this exchange with baited breath, uttered a collective gasp.
"This is serious!" Clack said. "It can only mean an ancient Egyptian with big pyramids has been plotting to lord it over us all this time."
"Richard Fingers!" they all gasped as one.
"Mathematician and Pharaoh for a day! Deposed because no one likes doing math homework."
"He must have been plotting his revenge for centuries, hiding out in some Poe-like crypt--"
"Poe-like?" said Wacker. "Did they have those in ancient Egypt?"
"You'd be surprised," said Plum darkly.
"They had Zambonis too," said Clack. "They parked them in the pyramids."
"Along with Pharaoh Fingers' big--"
"That will do, Plum," said Clack."
"Besides," said Wacker, "no one really knows if Pharaoh Fingers had a really big one. He might have built the pyramids as a kind of boast."
"You have a point," said Clack grudgingly. "In fact, doesn't it seem odd to you that no one noticed his large attachment. I mean, if it was so big he needed a pyramid to park it in--"
"Idle speculation," snorted Plum. "The fact is, we must prepare our defenses."
"We'll need new weapons," said Clack.
"Who do we order from? I've never felt the need--"
"This is no time for boasting," said Wacker. "We should start checking our spam immediately for any new devices."
It was the work of a moment to check the villains' email account and download a bounty of two thousand four hundred and nineteen pertinent spam messages.
The messages were divided into three equal parts, an exercise involving a certain amount of recalculation, two duels, and a gentlemen's agreement to ignore inconvenient remainders.
Then they ordered up the advertised miracle-growth devices and began testing them.
Their acolytes mixed the potions in a convenient laboratory. The subjects applied their own medication.
After a long interval of cursing, groaning, wailing and gnashing of teeth, the questions began.
"Any luck yet?"
"This one made me break out in spots," said Wacker.
"I tried this one and I grew humps," said Plum.
"I hate to tell you this, but those aren't humps," said Wacker. "They're...umm...."
Plum looked down at his new balcony.
"By Igor! I'll have the spammer's pineal gland for this! Get me my range finder, Legacy."
"I'm sure the effects will wear off overnight," said Wacker. "The cure came from a spammer, after all!"
"A barrel of McBowel's Open Source Scotch might do the trick," said Clack.
"And some haggis," said Wacker. "Make sure you rub it deep it into your skin."
"Here's a new one, gentlemen," said Carrion. "It says, 'Men; increase your manliness. Women will faint at the sight."
"Really?" said Plum. "Are we men? I thought we were ducks."
"Men, ducks, what's the difference?" said Carrion.
"Well, technically, nothing," said Plum. "But there is the question of feathers."
"What do you mean feathers?" said Wacker indignantly. "I'm a werewolf; my daddy was a financial advisor."
"Fur too," said Carrion hastily.
"I presume by 'men' you mean humans," said Clack. "They did blow themselves up, remember."
"Probably too ashamed of their small things to go on living,' said Plum.
"Okay, anyone try this?" said Clack, holding up a new spam cure.
"Hey, watch it!" squawked Wacker, yanking down the blinds. "We have to be careful; if word gets out we're experimenting with spam cures, we'll be the laughing stocks of Tockworld. And you know what that means!"
There was a silence while the villains thought about laughter.
"We wouldn't be taken seriously," said Clack.
A chill settled over the room.
"We have to find a way of making our things enormous," said Plum. "We must be taken seriously."
"Any more spam?" said Wacker.
Plum dropped another wheelbarrow load onto the floor and the villains gazed in shock at it.
"Discouraging, isn't it!" said Plum.
"We need the Power of Durable Evil," said Wacker. "It will make us all extraordinary."
"Enormous," said Plum.
"Bigger than Vesuvius," said Clack.
"So big, we'll need special tripods to keep our balance," said Wacker.
They all thought about Atlas rockets for awhile.
"Surely that would make it difficult to walk!" said Plum.
"Mine is telescopic," said Clack. "When I don't need it, I simply collapse it into a tidy package."
The others crossed their legs and winced.
"You're not collapsing anything of mine," said Wacker.
"It doesn't hurt. It's like pushing in a hemorrhoid."
"That's enough!" said Wacker. "You know my feelings about naughty things."
"So how do you make it bigger when you need to?" said Plum, fascinated.
"It's just like a telescope," said Clack. "You reach in and pluck it out."
"Just like that?"
"Sometimes, if you haven't used it recently, it gets stuck."
"What do you do then?"
"Twist it around a bit."
"That loosens it up, does it," said Carrion Snipe, smirking.
"What about females?" said Wacker. "How come they don't have this problem?"
"Well some of them want larger bazooms," said Clack.
"You mean like acolyte's humps?" said Wacker.
"How long have you been in this world?" said Clack.
"Are there spam enhancers for bazooms?" said Plum, fascinated yet again.
"Probably. But it's easier for females; they can just stick things inside small bazooms and make them into big bazooms if they want to."
"What sort of things?" said Plum, fascinated for the third time.
"Oh, inflatable things, I should imagine. Balloons."
"The mind boggles," said Plum. "Why on Tockworld would a woman want to enlarge her humps?"
"You'd have to ask Dr. Wacker about that. He's the one in charge of defining public taste with advertising."
Dr. Wacker blushed.
"Size does matter," he said.
"Aha! So you like large humps!" said Plum. "You're the one responsible for this moral outrage."
"It was an experiment to see if I could mold public opinion," said Wacker. "A test case."
"Test case, my tush!" said Clack. "Humans have always obsessed over humps. You can't claim you're responsible for that!"
"And what about things?" said Plum. "Are you the one responsible for making women think that size matters?"
"That isn't my doing," said Wacker.
"Okay, who IS responsible," said Plum. "I'll wring his silly neck."
"The Supreme Being, I should think," said Wacker, taking a step back from the smiting zone.
"SB?" said Plum. "Are you kidding! The Supreme Being couldn't care less about humps. SB is much too busy smiting villains to worry about little things like that."
"Psst!" said Wacker. "We're villains, you know."
"Yes, but we're NICE villains," said Clack. "We don't kill people unless we dislike them."
"So if you're so good, Mr. Advertising Genius," said Plum, "why don't you train females to prefer smaller things? Convince them smaller is more perfectly made."
"Like works of art as opposed to mere sausages," said Clack.
"I can't do that until we find out who's leaking information about us," said Wacker.
"Someone is betraying us?" said Plum. "Who could it be?"
The villains eyed each other suspiciously.
"Anyone here talk in his sleep?" said Clack.
"How about a shrink?" said Wacker. "Anyone been ratting to a shrink?"
There was a strained silence.
"No?" said Wacker. "I suppose we can take that as a triple yes. Which means the information is out there, gathering force. We have a very short time in which to counter it by producing enormous things, or risk utter ridicule."
"There's nothing for it but to redouble our efforts," said Clack.
"So we're agreed then," said Wacker. "From now on we shall combine forces in titanic effort to find a cure for what ails us, so that we can get back to taking over the world."
"Mine is quite large," said Plum.
"I'm sure it is," said Wacker. "But there's always room for improvement.
And with that, he led the way into a secret lab in the basement of the club.
Carrion had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 165:HUNTING THE SPAM KING

It was quite a long trip down to the musty basement room in the Villains' Club where the secret lab was kept.
The three conspirators trekked down narrow stairways, past a statue of Horace Walpole, through corridors lined with tapestries depicting ghastly parliamentary debates and gruesome patronage appointees.
Plum Canard, who preferred tropical climes, began to shiver.
"Will you stop that," said Wacker. "It makes your bazooms jiggle."
"FOR THE LAST TIME, THEY'RE HUMPS--"
"Gentlemen, gentlemen," said Carrion Snipe. "Think of the grave peril we're in, think of the Spam King, gloating in his spam factory, rubbing his hands together as he uploads piles of steaming corruption into unsuspecting servers."
The villains fell silent, thinking about spam. For a time the only sound was the clicking of waffle-iron shoes on the warped floorboards of the Villains' Club.
"Has anyone actually seen the Spam King?" said Plum Canard.
"Not as such," said Wacker. "It's rumored he's fifty feet tall and keeps a rack of servers in his back pocket." 
"I heard he was a sooty teenager with a can of McBowel's Electric Koala for a head," said Clack.
"No one really knows what the Spam King looks like," said Legacy Device. "It's rumored he can change his outward appearance at the drop of a hat. If you don't join forces and work together, you'll never stop him."
The three villains muttered and grumbled to themselves, but they agreed to refrain from slaughtering each other for a time.
At last, Carrion led the way into a well-equipped but musty library. Then he pulled a book out of one of the shelves--it was a copy of Peyton Place--and a section of the wall swung open with a hideous groaning noise.
The secret lab was inside.
It looked like every other secret lab you've ever seen, by the way, with various beakers, retorts, tubes, and bubbling, smoking liquids. There were locked shelves marked with the international symbol for adult viewing only, and there were dozens of monitors showing screen savers of a scantily clad lobster dancing in a disco.
There were also plenty of pizza crusts, stale donut holes, and old, half-eaten submarine sandwiches.
A custodian shuffled out, coughed all over them, and showed them to a workbench.
The acolytes began setting up the equipment, arguing over which tube fit into which beaker.
Carrion fired up Tess of the D'Ubervilles, the lab's computer.
"Gentlemen, you should begin the prep," said Carrion.
This involved drinking a lot of scotch, threatening each other with bad haggis jokes, and speculating on the nature of the Spam King.
"The Spam King must have enormous power," said Plum. "I heard he shut down the Star Cows Defense System with a single denial of service attack."
"That's not so hard," said Clack, "considering Star Cows was invented by the ancient Egyptians, and runs on Macrohard Angst."
"Surely the Egyptians didn't have Angst!" said Wacker.
"Not as such, but when modern corporate interests copied the plans from a fax they discovered in a tomb, they added computer control."
"That explains everything," muttered Wacker.
"Anyway, how do we know the Spam King isn't a queen?" said Plum.
"It has to be a king," said Wacker. "He has expert knowledge of the secret fear harbored by countless males."
"I wouldn't know," said Plum. "I've never had to worry about that."
"Considering the size of your bazooms--" Wacker began, but a look from Plum silenced him.
"He must have a thing of his own," said Clack. "Only that would explain his great interest in the matter."
"Females are interested too," said Clack. "It's a subject of unaccountable fascination to them. I have it on good authority."
"No it isn't," said Plum.
"Of course it is!" said Clack. "How else do you explain that absurd dictum: 'size matters'.
"It might be an academic subject for them," said Wacker. "I'm sure they all want to be medical students."
"Despicable," said Clack.
"They're keen, I tell you," said Wacker. "That's why so many of them are attracted to urology."
"Lascivious wretches!" said Clack.
"Are they really?" said Plum. "Which ones? How come I never seem to meet any of the lascivious ones?"
"Perhaps you're not villainous enough," said Wacker. "It's a well-known fact that females prefer cads."
"Until it's time to secure a child-raising male for the long haul," said Clack.
"Yes, but they don't give up their cads," said Wacker. "They go on cadding about after they get married; they just do it on the sly."
"Like I said, how come I never meet any females like that?" said Plum.
"Because the Spam King is hoarding them," said Wacker. "He wanders the Earth disguised as a charismatic acolyte with an enormous hump."
"That should be easy to spot."
"All acolytes have enormous humps," said Carrion testily.
"We have to find this Spam King and kill him before we become laughing storks," said Clack.
"I've never been a laughing stork and I don't intend to become one," said Plum. "There's no way I'm climbing down some sooty chimney to deliver a baby."
"I agree," said Clack. "Climbing down chimneys is overrated, in my opinion. People should find some other way of getting their babies delivered."
"Enough small talk," said Carrion. "We're nearly ready."
"I hesitate to ask, but what's the operating system on Tess the computer?" said Wacker.
"Macrohard Angst, of course," said Buttercup. "What other system makes life so adventurous? Now stretch out on the tables please, gentlemen. We have work to do."
The three villains meekly complied, and Buttercup strapped them down.
Carrion pulled a lever on the computer. This was followed by a loud BANG, and an eerie, blue glow.
"Good grief; it doesn't recognize the thing-enhancer," said Carrion. "It's asking for a disk with a driver on it."
"Do we have a disk?" said Wacker.
"No."
"Well download a driver from the department of agriculture."
"I can't; the system locked up. I'll have to reboot."
"Somebody is going to pay for this," growled Wacker.
"It can wait," said Clack. "While Carrion is fixing the computer, we should think about the Spam King."
"I'm still thinking about lascivious women," said Plum. "Where exactly do they hang out?"
"Once you have a big thing, you'll find out soon enough," said Clack.
"Mine is already--"
"Okay, okay; a BIGGER thing!" said Clack.
"There won't be time for lascivious females," said Wacker. "We'll have to track down the Spam King and kill him."
"Which means aligning ourselves with Macklin and that ilk," said Clack.
"You mean lapse into a coma?" said Plum.
"Not all of Macklin's ilk are comatose," said Clack.
"But they do good! How can we align ourselves with good?"
"Think of it as a temporary expedient. Besides, we're not so evil we can't survive in the presence of good. We're not mere butchers and thugs. We're artists."
"True enough," said Plum. "I can't bear the sight of blood anyway."
"I'm a werewolf, mind you," said Wacker.
"Oh sure!" muttered Plum. "A werewolf who drinks chocolate soya milk and eats vegetarian pizzas."
"I can't help it! My doctor put me on that diet; I'm allergic to dairy products--I can't eat cows."
Just then, there was another BANG, and, once again, the room filled with an eerie, blue glow.
"Another computer failure," groaned Wacker.
"This isn't getting us anywhere," said Plum.
"Maybe we should hire a Scottish consultant to tell us how they make their big poles," said Wacker.
"It's probably a secret ingredient," said Legacy Device.
"McBowel's Thing Grower," said Wacker.
""Don't be ridiculous," said Plum. "McBowel's doesn't make anything that grows bigger things. As a matter of fact, I'm beginning to wonder if any of the enhancers we read about in spam are any good."
"Well, you got big bazooms," said Wacker.
"HUMPS!" roared Plum. "I GOT BIG HUMPS, OKAY! AND I NEVER EVEN ASKED FOR THEM. IN FACT, I DON'T WANT THEM. THEY'RE RUINING MY LIFE."
"You could put soya sauce on them," said Wacker. "That's supposed to reduce swelling."
"Or green tea," said Legacy.
"Or tomato sauce," said Clack.
"I warned you about naughty things," said Plum.
"With tomato sauce?" said Wacker. "How naughty is that?"
"We could mix all of those ingredients in a sort of ointment and Plum could rub it all over himself," said Carrion.
"Hmm," said Plum. "You're sure it isn't dangerous?"
"Of course not, Plum!" said Wacker. "They're all commonly used, household ingredients. What could go wrong?"
Plum was hesitant, but the others were anxious to try out this new concoction.
The acolytes set to work collecting the ingredients and mixing them together. In a matter of moments, they had a slimy, muddy looking, jelly-like substance that smelled vaguely of cat hair.
When it was ready, they released the villains from their restraints, and everyone thought about the next step for a moment.
"So how do we get this stuff on him?" said Clack. "He can't do it all by himself, and I'm sure none of us wants to touch him."
"We could use a squirt gun," said Legacy. "I just happen to have a Captain Zap squirt gun I got as a prize in a box of McBowel's Sugar Crystal Cereal."
Everyone stared at Legacy for a time.
Then they fought over who would get first crack at the squirt gun.
Naturally there was a tussle at the bowl, and naturally it went flying, and naturally everyone got pretty well soaked with the experimental concoction.
There was a long, dripping silence.
"I think we're okay," said Wacker. "Nothing seems to have changed."
"For the moment," said Clack darkly.
Plum had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 166:OVID'S AMIGOS

Change comes when you least expect it. 
The villains were just beginning to feel safe enough to yell at their acolytes for towels and magic cleaning powder when the earth shook.
Actually it was only the lab that shook, but we all know what happens to ME happens to ALL.
There was a blurring sensation, the sort of feeling you get when you slip through a crack between parallel worlds--a common enough experience, but disconcerting all the same.
It was over in a matter of seconds, but it left the villains feeling shaken and worried. 
It didn't help matters when they noticed their acolytes staring at them in wild surmise.
"What's the matter with you fellows?" said Clack. "You look as though you'd seen a ghost."
"Good grief!" said Wacker, brushing plaster dust from his shoulders. "We aren't ghosts now, are we? I was just getting used to being a werewolf."
Then he noticed his shoulders were somewhat narrower than  they'd been before. And someone must have thoughtlessly scattered feathers all over the place, because there was a good-sized collection of them attached to his form factor.
"What's the matter with you people!" said Plum. "Didn't you feel the earth move?"
"Not as such," said Carrion, whose eyes had grown as big as soup plates.
"Then what is it? Why are you staring at us?"
"Um," said Legacy.
Clack turned in fury to Wacker. "Have they all lost their marbles!" he snarled. "Are they loonies now?"
Then an important chunk of the thinking part of his brain popped back into its accustomed slot after having larked about in hyperspace for awhile. Clack's mouth gaped open, his eyes popped out of their sockets, and a stream of incoherent noises issued from his voice box.
Plum was the first to recover his speech. "Great Scott!" he roared. "When did you become a platypus, Wacker?"
"I? A platypus? If anyone's turning into platypuses here, it's you."
An argument broke out. It would have gone on for quite some time if the acolytes hadn't eventually offered hand mirrors to their quarrelling masters.
The villains soon determined that each had been turned into a platypus.
"Great Wads of Fire!" said Plum. "We've become the Three Buddies!"
"Who's responsible for this?" said Wacker. "I'll have him stripped of his rank.
"It was our concoction, I should think," said Clack.
"Good grief!" said Wacker. "Side effects from our own concoction? Didn't we test it on a control group of politicians?"
"You can't trust anyone these days," muttered Plum.
"This is a catastrophe. How can we be awesome villains when we look like this? We'll be laughed out of Tockworld!"
"No one will take us seriously," said Plum. "We'll be competing with the Beagle Boys for bread crumbs soon."
"And on top of that, we haven't even grown larger things," said Wacker. "At least, I haven't; I don't know about you fellows, but I'd have noticed a difference in one of my appendages."
"In my case, it's would be difficult to make something that's already quite large grow larger still," said Clack.
"Undoubtedly," said Wacker dryly. "Well at least Plum's Bazooms are smaller. That was the effect we were trying for, after all."
"FOR THE LAST TIME, WACKER! THEY AREN'T BAZOOMS; THEY'RE--really?  They shrank?"
Plum adjusted the mirror.
"Somewhat," said Carrion.
"Don't be upset," said Legacy. "Lots of people like small bazooms--"
"YOU DARE!" boomed Plum. "THEY ARE HUMPS--"
"They really did shrink," said Wacker, turning white. "Our concoction actually downsizes things. Which means--"
There was a shocked silence as a sudden thought struck all three birds with one stone.
"You don't suppose--"
"No! Unthinkable."
As one they looked down, then sheepishly back up again. Then they dashed into separate cubicles for a quick check to make sure the shrinkage hadn't extended to the important bits.
Moments later they returned sheepishly.
"Nope."
"Still quite large, thank goodness."
"This is all Macklin's doing," said Wacker.
"How so?" said Clack. "He's in a coma."
"He's a model railroader, isn't he! He has super powers; he can influence herbal medicine even at a distance."
"Who cares about Macklin!" said Plum. "What do we do now! We're supposed to be big villains and just look at us! Three platypuses hiding out in a basement."
"Maybe the Spam King did it," said Legacy.
"Actually, we did it with our own secret ingredient," said Clack. "It was a minor miscalculation."
"The Spam King did it with his evil wishes," insisted Legacy.
"The concoction is worthless," said Wacker. "It didn't even make Plum's bazooms go away. They're still in place, shrunken but defiant."
"FOR THE LAST TIME!" Plum said through clenched teeth, "THEY'RE NOT BAZOOMS; THEY'RE HUMPS. SPECIAL VILLAIN'S HUMPS TO ACCENTUATE THE SINISTER CAST OF THE MOST IMPORTANT CHARACTER IN THE STORY!"
"I think the concoction knocked them out of alignment when it shrank them," said Clack, taking out a carpenter's rule.
"Get away from me or I'll hit you with my--"
"With what?" said Clack. "Your purse?"
"No; my inserts, you beast!"
All at once Plum burst into tears. "What's happening to me?" he wailed. "I used to be so potent!"
"Look what you've done to him!" said Wacker. "He was so happy before this happened. Now he's going to pieces! If you can't find something nice to say about his bazooms, don't say anything at all."
"THEY'RE NOT BAZOOMS!" wailed Plum.
"Okay, okay, I'm sorry!" said Clack. "Look, I like your humps, okay! They're wonderful. They have a certain hump-like quality that women will find fascinating."
"Do you really think so?" sniffed Plum.
"Topologically challenged, but interesting," said Clack.
"I'd be much happier if they just went away," said Plum. "I can't be an authentic villain with humps."
"What about Catherine the Great?" said Wacker. "What about Lucrezia Borgia? What about Rutabaga Ronnie?"
"Rutabaga Ronnie?" said Clack.
"Oh she was a wicked one. The scourge of the Olde West. Used to rob vegetable patches."
"The rutabaga is a fruit, surely," said Clack. "A kind of blancmange."
"You're thinking of kumquats," said Wacker.
"I warned you about naughty things," said Plum, growing interested.
"Anyway, the villains you just mentioned had bazooms, not humps," said Wacker.
"Surely it's only a matter of appellation," said Clack. "You know what Sartre says about names that won't stick to things."
"A bazoom by any other name is still a bazoom," said Wacker. Anyway, Plum is right; we can't go out on a quest for the Spam King looking like the Three Amigos."
"Anyone got any ideas?" said Clack. "A powerful magic spell would be handy."
"We could dress up in disguises," said Wacker.
"As what?" said Plum suspiciously.
"Body builders," said Wacker.
"Trapeze artists," said Legacy.
"Anchor desks," said Plum.
Everyone thought about Shamash and Nonnie dolls for awhile; then Plum broke down again.
"We're doomed," he said.
"It was a bad idea anyway," said Wacker. "Three grown villains fighting the Spam King! We're supposed to be DOING evil, not FIGHTING it."
"We're not fighting evil; we're appropriating it," said Wacker.
"There's a difference."
"You mean we're going to use spam?" said Clack.
"Of course."
"The horror, the horror!" said Plum.
"Gentlemen, gentlemen," said Carrion Snipe. "There'll be plenty of time for evil later. Right now, you'd better focus on getting costumes for yourself."
"But where?" said Plum.
"Who knows?" said Wacker. "Look out the window and see if anyone dropped any disguises on the ground. Stranger things have happened."
The three villains moved as one to the basement window and stood on tippy toes looking out.
Immature people often do this, by the way, hoping the universe will recognize their needs and offer them something appropriate. It's a true sign of villainy.
Fortunately, wishful thinkers hardly ever get what they want; otherwise an astonishing number of people would be suffering in various dungeons and cubicles.
On the day the three villains looked out the basement window, however, the Hippopotamus of Fate happened to be dozing off in her rocker. 
Thus it was, they spotted Big Aesop passing by with a spandex Weather Woman suit slung over his arm and a number of females in tow.
Carrion had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 167:OFF TO THE VILLAINY SHOP

Plum eyed the passing harem with unaccountable yearning. Then he bethought himself of his inconvenient new attributes, and fixed his beady eyes on Big Aesop.
"Who IS that big duck with the harem?" he said.
"Kill that one!" said Clack.
"It's Big Aesop," said Wacker. "Owner of the villainy shop and master of a thousand disguises. A minor villain."
"Why's he carrying that spandex Weather Woman suit around?" Plum demanded. "And what's that balloon thing floating over his head?"
"What balloon?" said Wacker, who had been enviously checking out the harem. Then he looked up and saw a life-sized, female-shaped balloon floating over Big Aesop's head.
"It looks like an inflatable Weather Woman," he said. "The cheek of the fellow! You'd think he'd be satisfied with hoarding the entire female population of Tockworld! What's he need a balloon for?"
"It's beautiful!" said Plum, his eyes shining. "Just think of it! Your very own Weather Woman, blown up to any size you like. I wonder where he got it."
"I could build one for you," said Legacy Device.
"You could? A nice one like that, with a stick for pointing at pressure gradients, and, umm--"
"Big bazooms?" said Wacker innocently.
"I TOLD YOU, WACKER," screamed Plum. "THEY'RE NOT BAZOOMS; THEY'RE HUMPS!"
"On the balloon, I meant," said Wacker.
"YOU REALLY HURT MY FEELINGS, YOU KNOW. I HAPPEN TO BE A VERY SENSITIVE VILLAIN."
"He's sensitive because he only kills people he sees," said Legacy, rolling his eyes.
"SO GET IT RIGHT, WILL YOU; THEY'RE HUMPS!"
"On Weather Woman?" said Wacker. 
"Of course not!" said Plum. "Beautiful women don't have humps; they have Platonic forms, signifying Paradise lost and the eternal beauty that hovers forever beyond our grasp, filling us with unbearable longing for a state of being denied to all imperfect mortal wretches. Oh the agony! The suffering! To intimate perfection, to reach for it, only to fall back into the mire of this despicable material world! I grieve for poor, sad canardity, doomed forever to imperfection and misery."
Everyone clapped and cheered.
Wacker shed a tear. "Bravo!" he said. "It almost makes me want to think, if only for a moment or two, about doing something nice for someone. Perhaps I could help out a little match girl, or a bowl of gruel."
"You mean help out an orphan holding an empty bowl of gruel, surely?" said Clack. "Not the gruel itself. In my experience, gruel is a rather thoughtless and distasteful entity."
"It was a momentary impulse," said Wacker. "We're villains, after all. Somebody hail that big fellow before he walks off into the sunset with his balloon.
"Are you sure that's wise, Master?" said Carrion. "I mean, the balloon is bad enough, but a Spandex suit? I wonder if he's entirely sane."
"I should hope not," said Clack. "Sanity is overrated, in my opinion."
"Anyway, what's he doing with that suit?" said Legacy.
"He's looking for the woman it's supposed to fit," said Wacker. "When he finds her, he'll carry her off to his palace and put her on his knickknack shelf. I believe his palace is a large, hollow pumpkin."
"How do you know all this stuff?" said Clack suspiciously. "Are you a secret agent working for the department of agriculture?"
"I'm an advertising villain; it's my business to know what's going on in pop culture so I can appropriate it. If I don't like what I see, I invent my own reality and impose it on everyone else."
"So invite him in," said Plum. "We have to make sure he's real. We can only do that by checking out his harem."
Wacker puffed out his chest and yelled at the top of his voice, "Hey, Big Aesop! Come in and join the party. We have McBowel's Ridiculous Scotch, and two kinds of downsizers."
"He can't hear you," said Clack. "Open the window."
Wacker flushed. "I knew that," he said. "I was practicing." Then he applied himself to the window.
After an incendiary moment or two he turned to the others.
"I can't open it!' he snarled. "It's stuck; someone must have cast a spell on it."
Clack inspected the ledge. "Glued shut with fossilized pizza crusts and chewing gum," he said. "You know how villains are about cleaning up after themselves and putting things away."
"Smash it open," said Plum.
"I can't," said Wacker. "I'll cut myself."
"Oh me, oh my!" said Clack. "Is the little werewolf afraid of a bit of pain?"
In the blink of an eye, Wacker had jerked Clack off his feet and hoisted him up against the wall. 
"I can't stand the sight of blood," he snarled. "It makes me faint. "But I'll  make an exception in your case."
"Gentlemen, gentlemen," said Carrion. "Big Aesop is marching on. Time and tide wait for no one."
"Quick, while the stellar tide is at the full," said Carrion.
Wacker lowered the grinning Clack to the floor.
"Haven't you watched any Earth TV?" said Plum. "Always wrap your fist in a towel before you smash in a window."
"I'm not touching any towels in here," said Wacker. "I have no idea where they've been. They might be saturated with thing-shrinking liquid."
"Hmm," said diverse voices.
Things might have proceeded in this vein for quite some time, at least until Big Aesop had marched out of this world and into the next, if Wacker hadn't spotted a box of trans fats perched on a shelf beside the shrunken head of a spammer.
Snatching it up quickly, in case it wasn't real, he read the label.
"McBowel's Coagulated Trans Fats," he said. "Challenge your arteries! Excite your immune system. Warning; take only with liquids."
"Anyone got any Scotch?" said Plum.
Wacker thought for a moment, then hurled the box of trans fats at the window. 
The box exploded on contact, showering everyone with a mushy compendium of semi-liquid pizza crusts, cookies and chocolate cake.
The window pane instantly turned opaque and fell to the lawn, expiring in a fibrous heap.
"Wow; I never knew you could pitch like that," said Carrion. "You should sign on with the Red Sox; no one would dare hit one of your balls!"
Wacker looked at him in astonishment, wondering what Red Sox were. Then he shook his dripping hands. "Never mind your obscure cultural allusions," he said. "I'm dripping."
"We're all dripping," said Clack.
Plum blanched. "Remember what the last concoction did?" he said. "Can we afford any more downsizing?"
"That wasn't a concoction," said Legacy. "It was Fast Food Fare. Millions of people eat the stuff every day and nothing happens to them."
"People who eat a lot of trans fats don't shrink," said Legacy, "They swell up."
"Not again!" gasped Plum, crossing his arms over his stacked deck.
"That's what we want, isn't it!" said Clack.
"Only certain peripherals," said Plum. "Not the whole form factor."
There was a moment's silence while everyone thought about bazooms; then, as one, they all rushed into the decontamination showers and sluiced off the clotted trans fats with healthy liquid rust from the pipes. 
When they emerged, bedraggled and miserable, they had the mottled look of spa victims oozing their way out of mudpacks.
"Just great," moaned Clack. "First we turn into platypuses; then we turn into rust-streaked platypuses."
"Enough small talk," said Wacker. "Is Big Aesop still there?"
Big Aesop WAS, in fact, still in the area. Fascinated by the sudden explosion, he'd stopped to survey the disgusting shreds of trans fat littering the weedy garden. 
Then he peered through the open window and spotted the villains quarrelling in the basement. 
Carrion Snipe waved a greeting, being careful to turn and show his hump.
When an acolyte shows you his hump, by the way, it means he's come to break bread, not to remove your internal organs.
Acolytes are a little like cats; you have to read the signs so you know when to pet them and when to snatch your hand away.
Legacy Device pushed a stepladder against the wall and Big Aesop came in through the broken window, towing his balloon after him. 
His harem followed, eyeing Plum's appendages enviously. 
"Hmm," said Big Aesop. "I wonder if you'd fit into my Weather Woman suit."
"I'm not a female," whimpered Plum.
"No? Are you quite sure? This is the Age of Uncertainty, you know."
"I'm quite sure of myself, thank you."
"But you do have those bazooms."
"They're just pieces of flesh!" roared Plum, beside himself with fury now. "Is that how you judge people-- by their appendages? How shallow can you be! What about spiritual matters? What about the true dimensions of a living being, what about love and affection? What about relationships? There's more to life than pieces of meat, you know! Haven't you read Barbara Cartland?"
Everyone clapped and cheered.
"Hear, hear!" said Wacker. "Well said, Plum. Moved me to tears."
"Did it really?" said Plum, mollified.
"You missed your calling," said Clack. "You should have been a telemarketer."
There was a grinding noise as Plum thought this over. Then, with a sniff and a final tear, he gave his attention to the balloon.
"Was she real once?" he said. "Did you do that to her?"
Big Aesop beamed at Plum. "I can see you're a man of taste," he said. "I really think you'd fit into it if you just gave it a try."
Plum shrank from it in horror. "Get that thing away from me!" he screamed.
"We're villains, mind you," said Wacker.
"Really?" said Big Aesop. "I wonder why I've never seen you in my villainy shop. You must come and have a look."
"Do you carry disguises?" said Wacker.
"Of course."
"What are we waiting for!" said Plum. "Let's go."
Carrion Snipe had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 168:VILLAINOUS GOALIES

Moments later, the three villains found themselves in Big Aesop's Villainy Shop, exclaiming over the amazing costumes, the secret weapons, the pith helmets, and the boxes of trans fat.
Plum Canard kept stealing furtive glances at Big Aesop's harem, but the females weren't interested in him; they'd discovered a collection of Shamash and Nonni dolls. They were particularly excited by the 'Shamash and Nonni Do the News' set, with two anchor desks, two tiny TV cameras, and two teleprompters in cuneiform script. 
There was even a makeup kit you could use to make Shamash and Nonni look extra cute so their news show would get higher ratings.
Big Aesop, meanwhile, showed Plum the Weather Woman costume again.
"Are you sure you wouldn't like to give it a try?" he said.
"Keep that thing away from me!" Plum screamed. "I know nothing about the weather! When I take over the world, the first thing I'm going to do is get rid of all weather everywhere and replace it with global warming."
"But with bazooms like yours--"
"What exactly have bazooms got to do with global warming?" said Plum frostily.
"So you admit they're bazooms?" said Big Aesop.
"I DO NO SUCH THING, YOU MASHER! THEY'RE HUMPS. THEY FELL OFF THE BACK OF A CAMEL AND I JUST HAPPENED TO BE STANDING IN THE WRONG PLACE AT THE WRONG TIME."
"There's nothing wrong with bazooms," said Big Aesop. "You should be proud of them. Bazooms make the world go round."
"What IS it with you people!" roared Plum. "Why are you fixated on bazooms! You'd think they were the most important things in the universe!"
"They certainly don't interest me very much," said Carrion. "I'm an acolyte, mind you."
"LIAR!" said Plum. "Everyone I know is transfixed by bazooms! I want to know WHY! I demand answers."
"I can assure you; I have absolutely no interest," said Carrion.
"Oh so? What about Miss Tockworld? I saw you ogling her sepia-toned woodcut in the last issue of Playduck for Dum Dums."
"I was reading the articles," said Carrion. "Besides; Miss Tockworld is an armadillo this year. One of the judges was an anarchist."
"She is?" said Plum. "Does Vlod Ironbeak know this?"
"He approved."
"But he hates armadillos."
"It's politically correct to appoint armadillos to high office," said Carrion. "Vlod has to pretend to be egalitarian, just like the rest of us, or the media will vote him out of office."
"I'd like to see them try," said Wacker. 
"Well, in Vlod's case, they might make an exception. No one likes to wake up in the morning without any blood."
I'll bet Vlod hated being politically correct!" said Big Aesop, smirking.
"Did he ever!" said Carrion, grinning at the memory of it. "When he gave Miss Tockworld the Key to the Golden Privy, every feather on his back bristled."
"Feathers don't bristle, said Legacy.
"Vlod's do," said Carrion. "He's the mayor; he can do whatever he likes. Besides, he's a vampire."
"A vegetarian vampire."
"He wasn't always," said Clack. "There was a time he could suck the blood out of an entire city."
"Standard operational procedure for a political leader," said Carrion. "Anyway, when he gave away the golden key, he was so bristly and puffed up, he looked like one of those feathered raptor things from the Discovery Channel."
"Surely you mean from the Jurassic Era!" said Legacy Device.
"Possibly; if you believe in that sort of thing," said Carrion. "Personally I think the paleontologists carved up a lot of soup bones, glued them together in interesting ways and welded them to old rocks."
"Whatever for?" said Wacker, offended. "What a waste!"
"It gives them job security, investigating old soup bones," said Carrion. "It's also a good way of starting wars. People get excited about which bones you find in what places, you know."
"That has more to do with who discovered which parts of Tockworld," said Wacker. "Our ice-age ancestors haven't had time to fossilize yet."
"I don't see why not," said Carrion. "It's easy to fossilize people. Just elect them to the senate."
"Anyway, you're wrong," said Clack. "paleontologists could care less about job security! The real reason they glue old soup bones in place is to make people like us have doubts."
"Whatever for?" said Legacy.
"People who have doubts stop paying taxes because they don't believe in anything anymore."
"Really?" said Wacker. "I stopped paying taxes when I learned how to make other people have doubts. I made them think I have no income at all."
"Whatever," said Carrion. "Anyway, doubt is the key. As Matthew Arnold tells us, the girdle of faith doesn't fit the shoreline anymore. Too many rocks."
"Isn't that Rod Stewart?" said Legacy.
"Enough small talk," said Big Aesop. "It's time you started checking out my supply of disguises. You don't want anyone thinking you're a bunch of platypuses, do you?"
The three villains soon returned to the task of finding a disguise that would conceal their new, platypus-like qualities.
In a matter of moments, they'd discarded a Richard Nixon mask, a Groucho Marx moustache, and a Royal Canadian Mounted Police costume.
"Picky, picky!" muttered Big Aesop. Then he opened a safe at the back of the room.
"This is where I keep my really special stuff," he said. "These disguises are so effective, even the people wearing them don't know who they are."
The villains crowded around as he pulled out three hockey goalie outfits.
"Perfect!" said Wacker. "I love hockey; when I'm on the rink, I can do exactly what werewolves have always done, and it's perfectly legal. I'll be immune from prosecution."
"What's hockey?" said Clack.
Wacker uttered a harsh laugh and quickly donned his new costume. 
Then, while the others were still gazing in wild surmise at the various pads and the skates, he slammed them into the boards.
"Sorry," he said. "You know what they say! Clothes make the beast."
Big Aesop had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 169:ANCIENT AIRS AND DANCES

Wacker's assault had not gone unnoticed. In short order, his colleagues donned their hockey outfits and retaliated.
In the blink of an eye, a frenzied crowd of hockey fans had gathered, filling the air with howls of glee.
Big Aesop exulted within himself for a time, while his assistants peddled haggis-on-a-stick and McBowel's Rink-Rat Scotch to the mob.
Then he noticed the Zambonis moving in, waiting to scavenge body parts. It was time to put a stop to the mayhem, before he lost his clients to the ravages of war.
"Gentlemen, gentlemen!" he said. "No mayhem in the shop, please. There are too many things that could go off here. Use the rink in the back yard."
Everyone in Canada has a backyard hockey rink, as you know. That's why Canadians have so little time for foreign military adventures; after the gods of hockey take their due, there's very little left to recruit, so the armed forces are on a strict manpower diet.
Besides, the Canadian army simply can't match the NHL's budget for supplies and weapons.
Anyway, it was the work of a moment to transfer the battle, complete with frenzied mob, to Big Aesop's backyard rink.
Seconds later, a gang of females showed up and began to shout and cheer.
Or perhaps shout and jeer.
"It's working!" yelled Plum, smashing his gloved fist into the sweet spot between Wacker's shoulder blades. "The costumes are working! These people have no idea we're platypuses."
"We aren't actually platypuses," said Wacker, as he swung his stick at Clack, catching him with a satisfying thump on the side of the head.
"The platypus thing will wear off in time," said Clack. "It's the other thing we're concerned about."
"Mine is quite large," said Wacker, bashing  Clack on the back of the head.
"Still, we want to make sure we have the biggest of all," said Plum.
"Something truly grand," said Wacker.
"A thing of beauty is a joy forever," said Plum.
Everyone fell silent for a moment as they thought about quiet bowers in the Fabulous Mists of Antiquity.
"Anyway, the females are enthralled," said Wacker. "I'm sure they know how big our things are. Females can sense these things."
"Quite right," said Plum. "They're filled with lasciviousness."
"I think it's bloodlust," said Clack. "Look at them howl! They want us to butcher each other on the ice."
"This is Canada, after all," said Plum. "They love watching hockey players."
"Is that why they're all carrying hockey sticks, and donning hockey outfits," said Legacy Device. "To watch?"
"They're so impressed with us, they  want to play on our team," said Plum, awed. 
"Oh, oh!" said Carrion Snipe. "Do any of you guys actually know how to play hockey?"
"What's to know?" said Wacker. "You skate around on the ice and hit each other. The winner is the last one standing."
"Hmm," said Carrion, watching the females skate onto the ice. "They seem to be wearing different uniforms."
"Good grief; they're going to play against us!" said Plum.
"Relax," said Wacker. "We'll slam them into the boards a few times--gently, of course--then we'll take them out to the Highland Games to show them what fine chaps we are. They'll swoon at our feet."
"And smooch with us," said Plum.
"Naturally," said Clack. "We're villains, aren't we! Females always prefer cads."
"What happens if the females win?" said Carrion. "What's your fallback plan?"
"Ha, ha, ha!" said Wacker. 
"If they lose, we acolytes will collect their body parts and sew them together to make something new," said Legacy.
"A fifty-foot goalie?" said Carrion. 
"Look at them laugh and point!" said Legacy. "This should be interesting."
"Good grief; those females are all accountants!" said Carrion. "Look at their eyeshades! This is going to be a slaughter; accountants are the most dangerous people in Tockworld."
"No they aren't," said Legacy. "Lawyers are the most dangerous people in Tockworld."
Carrion shuddered. "I stand corrected," he said. "Still, taking on a gang of accountants is a bit rash, don't you think!"
Just then, the females uttered a horrifying battle cry: "Peace, order, and good government!"
"Great Scott!" yelled Plum. "We're doomed!"
"Play up, play up, play the game!" roared Wacker, and he cannoned into one of the females.
In the ensuing melee, it was difficult to distinguish individual players in the mass of oddly contorted bodies.
Eventually, Plum arose, groaning in agony, and surveyed the carnage.
"What's wrong with this picture?" he said. 
"PAIN is what's wrong with this picture," said Clack, trying desperately to snap his kneecap back into its accustomed place.
"I knew I should have called in the panzers while their troops were still on the beaches!" said Wacker.
"Wait a minute," said Plum. "I know what the problem is. We don't have an actual puck."
"We need a puck?" said Clack. "But we were playing perfectly well without one."
"Well, not as such," said Carrion.
"Hockey games don't count unless you have a puck," said Plum. That's what it's all about: the god of pucks."
"No it isn't," said Wacker. "In hockey, the objective is to sacrifice the opposing team."
"And bash your god into a net," said Clack.
"What kind of a god is that?" said Wacker. "An immortal masochist?"
"A god who hates himself," said Plum."
"What if this god retaliates after you bash him into the net?" said Wacker.
"You can avoid retaliation by never hitting him," said Plum.
"Aha!" said Clack. "That would explain Toronto's lack of Stanley Cup--"
"Ahem!" said Big Aesop, offended by this blasphemy. 
Then he unwrapped the papyrus enfolding the sacred puck.
There was an awed silence. Soldiers from opposing sides began crossing the lines, sharing their McBowel's Frozen Scotch, and admiring each other's photographs of relatives and such.
Big Aesop grew alarmed; what would happen to civilization as he knew it, if villains started making nice with ordinary citizens? Who would need weapons? Everything would melt into a New-Age puddle, haunted by vaguely Celtic airs and lit by scented candles. 
He'd have to change his shop sign, and order new stock for a new category of shopper.
In a flash of inspiration, he yelled, "He shoots; he scores!" and tossed the sacred puck onto the ice.
At once, the game started again. Enemies who, only moments ago, had been fraternizing over chips of frozen Scotch, went at each other with raised sticks, glittering skates, and mailed fists. 
The battle was so intense, the noise of it echoed through the Universe of Adjustable Manners. 
Soon, a motley crew of aliens had joined the fray. There were aliens from the Alien planet, Gazabians, Stipplepluckers, and even a hardy band of Fortran programmers. 
The females, however, were still winning.
"Something is wrong," said Plum. "I wonder who their captain is."
There was a burst of delicate, feminine, maniacal laughter, then the captain doffed her helm and everyone could see who she was.
"Good grief!" said Wacker. "It's Allura!"
She grinned at him, dealt a mighty blow to the puck, and shot it between his legs, straight into the net.
With a bellow of rage, Wacker tore the goal apart. 
There was a short delay while the acolytes took delivery of a new net from Ikea--some assembly required--and tried to put it together. 
Fortunately, a passing nine-year-old helped them out, and in short order, the game started again.
Big Aesop had a bad feeling about this....
Copyright 2000-2009, Robert Arthur Smith
All rights reserved


CHAPTER 170:HOCKEY ALIENS

As soon as the net was finished, Big Aesop rebooted the hockey game.
One of the female players immediately slammed Plum into the boards.
"Oh, the agony!" he screamed.
"If you ditched your bazooms, maybe the females would respect you more," said Clack.
"Maybe they're envious," said Wacker. "Your bazooms are so much larger than any of theirs!"
"FOR THE LAST TIME," screamed Plum, "THEY'RE HUMPS."
"And justifiably so," said Carrion, as he was dragged onto the ice by a female and thumped against the net. "We have quite enough bazooms in this world as it is; they cost the economy millions of dollars in lost work hours. And besides, even if Plum's humps really were bazooms, what difference would it make? You'd think they were mystical appendages, the way you go on about them!"
"They are, in fact, mystical," said Wacker, tripping Allura and sending her flying into the boards. "Inherently  beautiful and--"
"Tosh!" said Legacy Device, whacking the female goalie with his stick. "Beauty is an impression made upon the observer, not a property inherent in the object."
"Beauty is in the eye of the beholder," said Clack, picking himself up and snapping various bones back into place.
"You mean bazooms are in the eye of the beholder?" said Wacker, as he sailed through the air on a collision course with a plastic shield in front of the peanut gallery.
"WE ARE HAVING  YOUR BASE," roared a Gazabian, smashing his stick over Plum's head.
"Hey, you aliens are supposed to be on our side!" yelled Plum, jamming a skate into the creature's wing case.
The Gazabian tried to spin around and slash him with a skate but he lost his balance and smashed into a Fortran Programmer.
Big Aesop confronted the Gazabian angrily. This is a rink, Charles," he said. "It's not a base."
"Anyway," said Wacker, who was resting on his back after a particularly brutal check, "I should imagine bazooms are a fundamental ordering principle of nature. Look at the damage they can do to an otherwise well-stocked mind."
"I don't see any of those around here," muttered Legacy.
"Anyway, that's all a load of cant!" said Carrion as he extracted a broken hockey stick from his skull. "According to Sartre, there IS no such thing as a bazoom."
"How would he know?" said Plum. "He was a writer."
"He was French, wasn't he!" said Carrion. "The French like bazooms as much as the next person."
"No they don't," said Legacy. "They like civil unrest."
"You mean they like hockey too?" said Plum.
"Sartre did live with Simone de Beauvoir," said Clack, who had been compressed into a very small form factor beneath a pile-up of bodies. "That must count for something."
"De Beauvoir doesn't count," said Carrion. "She was an academic."
"Oh, so!" said Wacker. "You mean academics can't have bazooms?"
"They do," said Carrion. "But they think about them in a different way."
"They turn them into thesis topics," muttered Legacy. 
"Anyway, Sartre said that bazooms are marmalade, like everything else," said Carrion.
"No he didn't," said Wacker, from beneath Allura's skates. "He said that about existence in general."
"He wasn't thinking about existence when he said it!" yelled Clack. "He was thinking about chestnut trees and tram seats."
"Ha!" said Plum. "So YOU say! How do you know Sartre wasn't really thinking about bazooms the whole time he was pretending to philosophize!  How do you know he wasn't obsessed with bazooms, like the rest of us, forever dreaming about their ethereal form, yearning for the lost paradise implicit in their languorous airs."
Everyone stared at Plum for a time.
Then Allura hit him with her stick.
"Anyway, Aristotle tells us that the bazoom is only aesthetically pleasing when it's regular and in proportion," said Wacker."
"But Christopher Hussey tells us in THE PICTURESQUE that bazooms are like English country gardens," said Plum.
"What?" said diverse voices.
"In that they represent delights which are irregular and unexpected," said Plum.
"Pastoral delights with grottos and Ann Radcliff?" said Wacker from a stretcher.
"That's quite a lot to expect from a pair of bazooms," said Clack.
"And Percy Shelley, of course," said Plum.
"You mean he hides out in bazooms too?" said Wacker, adjusting his saline drip.
"Shelley was too ethereal to care about bazooms," said Clack.
"Tell that to Mary Shelley," said Plum darkly.
"She was another writer!" said Wacker. "What would she know about bazooms?"
"What about Marcus Aurelius?" said Carrion. "He said we make too much fuss about bazooms. Everything fades away after awhile, and we all die and rot. Anyway, we should concentrate on defending the frontier so the Goths don't sneak cross the Rhine with their big railway guns."
"You're missing the point," said Plum, from the top of the scoreboard, where he'd landed after Allura had checked him. "Bazooms cannot be considered apart from the females who sport them. They make up an organic whole, physical and mental-- a unique individual with hopes, wishes, dreams, compassion, and credit cards."
"The sum is more than its parts," said Legacy.
"Wholeness, harmony and radiance," said Wacker.
"Love is eternal," said Plum.
"Ha!" said Carrion.
"Regardless of age and physical state," said Plum, slapping the puck into the goal."
"We all change state," said Clack. "And that was your own net, you piece of decayed granola."
"So what you're saying is, the whole female organism, the entirety of the unique female, as opposed to the bazooms in themselves, retains its allure through time, even as the outward appearance acquires the rich texture of age?" said Wacker. "That's very good; I can use that in an ad campaign for soap."
"It's a different sort of allure, based on true love," said Plum. "It's  tinged with the white radiance of eternity. It permeates our sublunary world, transfiguring our wretched existence, hinting at the eternal bliss that awaits us, if we're very, very good."
Everyone clapped and cheered. Even Allura and her teammates were moved.
"Hey, wait a minute!" said Wacker. "We're villains, you fool! We won't get any of this white radiance stuff when we expire; we'll go straight to the Underworld."
There was a shocked silence. The mood had changed.
"You've got to get rid of those bazooms, Plum!" said Wacker. "They're corrupting us."
"FOR THE LAST TIME!" shrieked Plum, "THEY'RE NOT BAZOOMS; THEY'RE HUMPS! THEY'RE EVIL, LIKE TRANS FATS."
"Well, that's okay then," said Wacker. "Evil is good. But no more of this unique female business. Save it for the Final Ad Campaign That Destroys the World. The only females I see around here are the ones who are trying to kill us."
"I don't know if Duns Scotus would agree with you on that part about evil being good," said Carrion. "I was reading him on the throne yesterday--"
"Spare us," said Wacker. "Surely we all know what evil is! An absence of the Supreme Being. A big donut hole into which the greatest of villains creeps."
"But how can there be an absence of the Supreme Being, who is always present and omniscient?" said Carrion.
"It's a willed absence," said Carrion. "Or perhaps a virtual absence."
"Which makes us virtual villains?" said Wacker, horrified. "Mere simulacrums, glittering on the outside, but hollow and ultimately meaningless?"
"Like an ad campaign," said Plum maliciously.
  "Mummy will be so disappointed," said Clack. "She thought I was real."
"My mummy knows I'm real," said Wacker. "She says childbirth was the worst experience she ever had. In fact, she became a nun shortly after I was born."
"No boasting about your unhappy childhood here, Wacker!" said Clack. "Try being a machine and not having any childhood at all!"
"Anyway," said Carrion, "SB made a virtual absence because he wants to give us a chance to exercise our free will and make a mess out of things."
"Free will?" squawked Plum. "What are you talking about? Did I ask for bazooms? Did anyone hear me ask for them?"
"I thought they were humps," said Wacker.
"Maybe the bazooms are there to remind you of the titanic war between good and evil," said Carrion. 
"Are you kidding?" said Plum. "Do you think females spend all of their time going around thinking about the titanic war between good and evil, symbolized by their bazooms?"
"Well, not as such."
"I think they worry more about mammograms," said Wacker.
"What are those?" said Plum anxiously.
"It's a medieval procedure," said Wacker maliciously. "It involves squeezing the bazooms between crushing weights until the victim confesses--"
"To what?" said Carrion, astonished. "I thought it was a medical procedure, involving the quest for illness."
"Well, technically," said Wacker. "That's what doctors do, you know; they go on quests for illness and disease."
"And when they find one?"
"They smite it."
"Using their medical degrees," said Legacy. "I've seen it happen."
"Anyway, about this procedure," said Plum in a strangled voice. "Does it always involve crushing the bazooms."
"Invariably," said Wacker.
"And the smiting part? Does that hurt?"
"Trust me; you don't want to know," said Wacker.
"Females put up with this?" said Plum.
"The alternative doesn't bear thinking about. But why should you worry; you don't have bazooms, you have humps."
"Saved by terminology," smirked Carrion.
"I'm sure females don't spend all their time thinking about mammograms," said Plum.
"That's true," said Wacker. "They often steal away to secret grottos, where they plot against males."
"Some of them want their bazooms to be noticed, of course," said Legacy. "They devise cunning ways of putting them on display."
"When you have a feature, you want people to know about it," said Wacker.
"We have features!" said Plum. "We have our things."
"That's different," said Carrion.
"Oh so!" said Wacker. "How is it different? Size matters, doesn't it! Ask any female!"
"I don't think females invented this scale of values," said Carrion.
"Maybe bazooms are just ordinary," said Clack. "We males concocted a whole rigmarole of mystery around them for our own ends."
"Why would we do that?"
"How should I know! Maybe we're only attracted to things that are forbidden."
"Bazooms are forbidden?" said Wacker.
"You can look, but don't touch," said Clack. "And you can only look in a special way, quickly, without actually lingering. Unless of course you've received an invitation."
"With an RSVP, I suppose," said Wacker. "Dinner jacket and tie and all the rest."
"What happened to bodice rippers?" said Plum. "They don't need invitations, surely!"
"Of course they do!" said Carrion. "You're only allowed to rip bodices if you meet certain qualifications."
"Such as?"
"Generally the person with the bodice prefers sullen Scottish heath dwellers. So you have to wear a kilt, and bring your own heath, of course. You'll need a dictionary of eighteenth-century Scottish phrases, a certain, dark, brooding, constipated air, and bad manners --"
"An air of mystery, you mean," said Plum.
"Whatever. You should have a menagerie, as well. Dogs are a plus. And horses."
"So you have to wear a kilt and take up agricultural pursuits?" said Wacker. "That seems like a lot of work just to get close to a bodice!"
'You also have to demonstrate a certain hidden sensitiveness," said Carrion.
"I like very small lizards," said Clack.
"I never victimize corporate executives," said Wacker.
"I don't mind the environment," said Plum.
"This whole thing is ridiculous," said Wacker. "According to you, we're fascinated with bazooms just because they're forbidden to us."
"Like Jack and Jill and the Forbidden Pail," said Carrion."
"That's different," said Wacker. "They were told neither to spill the water, nor to drink it."
"Anyway, what has this got to do with bazooms?" said Legacy. "They aren't unattainable. They're right in front of your eyes."
"Where?" said Wacker anxiously. "I don't see any."
"I mean the promise they hold," said Legacy.
"It's a promise that leads to disappointment and ennui," said Clack. "When you get down to it; they're just glands."
"If you've seen one, you've seen them all," said Wacker nonchalantly.
"It's like that bitter little moment after you've opened all of your presents on Llama's Eve," said Clack. "Presents that were so long anticipated in their pretty wrappings with their pretty ribbons."
"Once you've opened them, you're left somehow unsatisfied," said Plum. "Unfulfilled."
"Because the merely physical can never satisfy," said Carrion.
"So what!" said Wacker. "We're villains, aren't we! We have other roads to satisfaction."
"Such as?"
"But what if females feel the same way about us?" said Plum, horrified. 
"Impossible!" said Clack.
"You think not? Why do so many females complain to Dr. SexPot about the poor quality of their...ummm...."
"Plug'n'play experience?" said Clack.
"What's that golf term I hear from time to time?" said Wacker.
"Fore?" said Carrion, innocently.
"Plug'n'Fore!" said Wacker.
"Foreplug!" said Plum.
"Fore'n'play, I should think," said Clack.
"Hmm, so they might like it more if--" Wacker began.
"It's the process as opposed to the actual product," said Plum.
"The getting, not the having?"
"Maybe the females are just tired from carrying around their bazooms all day long," said Carrion. "I mean, if they really are symbols--"
"Oh, so, carrying around a hump all day is nothing!" said Plum. "These are real humps, mind you; like camels have, only more beautiful!"
Just then, the Vikings attacked.
Wacker had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 171:NO WEATHER TODAY

The three villains watched incredulously as the Vikings rowed their long ship onto the ice.
Big Aesop, on the other hand, was filled with rage.
"Scram!" he yelled. "Go and pillage somewhere else! This is a sacred temple of sports."
There was a burst of laughter from the press box; then silence.
The long ship came to a rest on center ice. The Vikings shipped their oars. Poplar Leaf, their leader, leaped to the ice, slapped his sword against his shield, and made a speech.
"Hearts be the more gore the corpses crows at the feasting happy with entrails of the losers will be, and tankards the many, in halls of Stanley."
"Huh?" said diverse voices.
Big Aesop, not to be deterred, showed the Vikings his Weather Woman balloon.
The Vikings went very still and quiet.
"That's better," said Big Aesop. "What are you people doing here? I thought you'd already invaded Toronto ages ago, or perhaps this morning, and gotten over sowing your wild oats."
"We sure did that thing," said Poplar Leaf. 
"So why haven't you gone back to your farms to gloat over your loot?"
"We can't go back, because we were robbed. Vlod tricked us into invading the financial district instead of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, where the real money is."
Big Aesop sucked in his cheeks.
"Oh my!" he said. "That was a silly thing to do!"
"Tell me about it!" said Poplar Leaf. "I never saw so many brokers, financial advisors and lawyers. They cleaned us out; took everything we had."
"Not quite everything," said Big Aesop suspiciously. "How come you still have a long ship?"
"Check out the sides," said Poplar Leaf.
Big Aesop went cautiously to the ship, holding up his Weather Woman balloon to ward off evil. Then he noticed the huge banner ads for the Delicious Golden Bank, featuring a picture of a fifty-foot platypus climbing to the top, with a beautiful penguin in its free hand.
Gothic letters spelled out the slogan: "Some people just can't wait to make a deposit at the Delicious Golden Bank!"
"The indignity!" wailed Poplar Leaf. "We had to agree to these ads to get our ship back."
"The horror, the horror!" said Carrion, smirking.
"I'm never going near a banker again," said Hog Rot, the Vikings' human resources director.
"The same thing happened to Charlemagne and Alaric," said Poplar Leaf. "They were cleaned out by Toronto's financial Goths."
"Some of those brokers had bones in their noses!" said Hog Rot, shuddering at the memory of it. "I ask you!"
"You lost everything?" said Wacker, glancing nervously at the bank towers in the distance. Even super villains have a healthy respect for the evil powers of the financial community.
"Well, I did get this neat clock with a picture of the CN tower," said Hog Rot.
"I got a bag of vellum for those urgent trips to the outhouse," said Quaking  Aspen, the navigator.
"You were cheated!" said Poplar Leaf. "It's got writing on it!" 
"Doesn't matter!" said Quaking Aspen sulkily. 
"It's in hieroglyphics," said Big Aesop. "I'm a little rusty, but I think it says, 'The Real Secret of the Pyramids; Who Built Them; What They're For, and What We're Supposed to do With Them. By Imhotep. See page 32 for answers to all of your questions.'"
In a fever of anticipation, Big Aesop flipped through to the promised sheet.
"Hey that page is missing!" he said. 
"What can I say!" said Quaking Aspen. "I already used a few pages. I got a bad case of Vlod Ironbeak's Revenge from eating tourist poutine."
"Oh, you mean the organic kind," said Big Aesop. "Grown in the back of a service station."
"I should have stopped when I saw the green bubbles," said Quaking Aspen.
"Anyway, this isn't Norway," said Carrion. "It's a hockey war."
"We know that," said Poplar Leaf. "It looked like an invasion with looting and pillaging, so we decided to join in. We have to raise enough cash for the voyage home."
"Hmm," said Big Aesop, eyeing Allura and her gang. "We do need players."
Poplar Leaf eyed the females warily. 
"They aren't bankers, are they?"
"Fear not," said Big Aesop. "The bankers are all up in the special royalty boxes."
"Are there any brokers on Allura's team?"
"The brokers are up there with the bankers."
"They won't come down to the ice and clean us out while we're playing will they?" said Poplar Leaf.
"Depends on your contract. If you start making as much as a small, industrialized nation, they might get interested."
"Happens all the time," said Clack. "Hockey is an important part of the economy."
"And those are the enemy?" said Hog Rot, pointing at Allura's gang.
"Nothing to worry about there," said Big Aesop, nonchalantly. "Just a bunch of females. What could go wrong?"
"Psst, he's right boss," said Hog Rot.
"So how much do we get paid?" said Poplar Leaf.
"Lots," said Big Aesop. "But the big money is in product endorsements."
"I could endorse vellum," said Quaking Aspen, greedily.
"When do we start?" said Poplar Leaf.
Big Aesop grinned. "As soon as we can figure out a name for the team," he said. "We need a name that will inspire fear in the hearts of our enemies."
"We'll call it, The Gazabians!" roared Trabant, a Gazabian.
"No, no, no!" yelled Poplar Leaf. "We'll call it, The Terrifying Horde of Pillagers, Looters, Skull-Crackers, Bone-Snappers and Agricultural Workers from Norway, Sweden and Denmark."
"How about, The Men's Auxiliary," said Carrion.
"What?" said Poplar Leaf.
"The ladies are the real power here," said Carrion. "Look what they did to the villains!"
"That's because we were holding back," said Wacker indignantly. "Out of chivalry, etc."
"Anyway, Allura is the powerhouse," said Carrion. "You want to keep an eye on her."
"We'll see about that," muttered Wacker.
"Okay, down to business," said Big Aesop. "From now on you will be known as the Crock Pots. Now get out there and annihilate their captain."
But this was easier said than done. The team was now made up of a mixture of aliens and ducks, and a few humans who missed the butchery on their home planet.
"How am I supposed to keep this lot together?" moaned Big Aesop. "In real life they despise each other."
"Nothing like sports to bring people together," said Carrion.
"If they don't kill each other first."
Unfortunately, the Vikings had no idea how to play the game,  and the score soon mounted to forty-to-nothing for Allura and her gang.
Big Aesop was beside himself. 
"How am I supposed to coach a team with all of these aliens on it!" he growled. "They keep wandering off and abducting people."
Just then, a whistle blew. 
"Another penalty!" squawked Big Aesop. "Abduct the ref! I demand new officials! What's this one for?"
"No crop circles on the ice," yelled the ref. "Five minutes in the penalty box."
The Gazabians and the aliens started snapping and growling at each other.
Meanwhile, Plum was getting nervous. 
"Keep Allura away from me," he said to Wacker. "She's annoyed at me for downloading the Manchurian Canard personality into her brain. I think she wants to rend me with her tusks."
"She doesn't have any tusks!" said Wacker. "Besides, we have more important things to think about. We're losing!"
"Quick, the Weather Woman suit!" yelled Big Aesop. "It's our only hope. Put it on, Plum!"
Plum eyed the offending suit dolefully.
"Why me?" he moaned.
"Do you see anyone else on our team with bazooms?" said Big Aesop
"For the last time--"
"This is no time for petty grievances," said Big Aesop. "Put it on. The whole team depends on you. You're our only hope."
Reluctantly, Plum donned the costume. 
"Hmm," said Wacker. "He looks like a Volkswagen in a sock."
A green light shone from Plum's ears.
"Now what?" he demanded, sulkily.
"How should I know!" yelled Big Aesop. "You're Weather Woman now; make it rain and melt the ice before Allura's team has a chance to score another goal. With any luck, the game will be called."
"But how will WE score a goal if there's no ice?" said Wacker.
A chorus of raucous laughter made him blush.
"I can't do this," said Plum. "I need a weather map."
Big Aesop rummaged in his pockets and extracted an illustration of the spleen from an ancient copy of Gray's Anatomy.
"Use this," he said.
"I'm supposed to forecast the weather with THIS?" said Plum.
"It's no more confusing than the scribbles you people always show on camera," said Big Aesop. Work with it!"
"I'll need a pointing stick."
"Use your hockey stick."
Plum looked sadly at his battle-scarred hockey stick. 
Then he turned to a nearby Reality TV camera and began forecasting the weather, using the illustration of a spleen.
"Okay," he said. "Here's a front moving through the Maginot Line, and this is a trough stuffed with haggis, and these are high-pressure zones trapped on the 401. And this is MY Scotch; you can't have it!"
"Hmm," said Big Aesop.
 How am I doing?" said Plum.
There was a rumbling off in the distance. Big Aesop looked nervously up at the sky.
"I'm not so sure about this," he said.
Suddenly, a bolt of lightning struck the net behind Plum.
Then it began to rain, and the ice rapidly melted away.
Allura grumbled, but the game was called on account of rain. 
"This is what you get for playing hockey in the summer," said Big Aesop. "You can never count on the ice holding out."
"What's summer?" said Wacker. "We're Canadians."
"It's the short, mosquito-filled space between the Stanley Cup and the first game of the new season," said Carrion.
Meanwhile, in another part of the spleen, the real Weather Woman crawled out from under the wreckage of a flying saucer, sniffed the air over her head, and flashed the secret Weather Person's Recognition Signal.
A passing beaver in a canoe beckoned gently. She hopped in and he paddled her to the hockey game.
The moment Plum spotted her, he was smitten. His humps vanished. He threw back his head, beat his chest, and yelled, "I am calling you, hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo, hooo!"
Weather Woman answered immediately: "I am calling you, hoo, hoo, hoo, hooo, hooo."
"Plum, Plum!" yelled Wacker. "What are you doing! You're one of us! You're a villain."
"Not anymore I'm not," said Plum. "Sorry, boys, but I've mutated. It's this costume! I'm no longer a platypus with a big thing, disguised as a hockey player; I'm WEATHER MAN! And now I must rush off and fulfill  my destiny."
The others saw at once that this was true.
Wacker and Clack embraced Plum. 
"I must join Weather Woman and go on the last elf ship to the Western Lands and shiny waters where the weather always does what weather people tell it to do," said Plum. "In the Western Lands, no Weather Person ever gets blamed for ANYTHING."
Tears formed in his comrades' eyes. 
Actually they were weeping for themselves.
"Two villains left to hold the fort and take over the world," said Clack. "This is going to be HARD!"
Then Plum boarded the elf boat with Weather Woman, and vanished into a convenient mist.
"Hey, wait a minute!" said Big Aesop. "Who's going to forecast OUR weather?"
"Oh no!" moaned Wacker. "We'll never have any weather again."
"Surely there's more than one weather person," said Clack. "It's not like the Jolly Fat Llama, you know!"
There was an ominous creaking noise overhead.
Everyone looked nervously up at the sky and gasped. It was clear to all now; the weather over Toronto was rapidly disappearing, leaving only a thin gruel.
Nobody likes thin gruels.
Wacker had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 172:ALIEN TRILOBITES

"Hardly anyone in Toronto seems to have noticed the eerie absence of weather," said Wacker. 
"It's true!" said Clack. "No one has sounded the alarm."
"Too busy getting and spending, and laying waste their powers," said Carrion Snipe.
Wacker and Clack ignored this.
"This is an emergency," said Wacker. "We have to do something! If we lose all of our weather, people won't have anything to talk about in elevators anymore. No one will venture outside for fear of chance meetings with strangers in elevators, which will lead inexorably to awkward silences, because, without the weather, they'd have nothing to talk about. Civilization as we know it will collapse."
"This is new?" said Carrion.
"It's up to us to save it," said Wacker.
"We can't go around saving innocent people!" said Clack. "We're villains, remember! We're supposed to relish and enjoy the end of civilization as we know it!"
"Innocent people?" said Carrion. "This is Toronto we're talking about!"
"Everyone is innocent until proven guilty," said Wacker.
"In your case, proof would be redundant," muttered Carrion. 
Wacker beamed at him. "Why, thank you, Carrion," he said. "Fame at last."
"Don't get carried away, Wacker," said Clack. "You're not special! Everyone in the universe is guilty just for being born. It's our birthright, because of the Great Dropping. So don't try to lord it over everyone else."
"That old canard!" said Carrion. "Just because Jack and Jill dropped the pail--"
"Enough small talk," said Wacker. "The end of civilization is useful and desirable, and helps us in our work, as long as it doesn't go too far. But there are limits. What's the good of taking over the world if some fool has already wrecked it!"
"This is all Plum's fault!" said Clack.
"Stop that elf boat!" yelled Wacker.
"I don't think you can stop an elf boat once it's set sail for the shining waters," said Carrion.
"There's always a first time, " said Wacker.
"Elves are lascivious," said Clack. "We could offer the captain a performance-enhancing elixir in return for his passenger. Organically grown, of course."
"It must be pretty far away by now," said Wacker. "We'll have to chase it."
"In what?" said Clack. "A hockey net?"
"There must be something here we can use," said Wacker. He glanced all around, looking for convenient speedboats; then he spotted a cab in the alleyway behind the hockey rink, next to a waiting ambulance. 
"Follow that elf boat!" he yelled.
There was a moment of stunned silence. Then the cab driver, who had watched far too much Earth TV, grinned at Wacker and took off, racing down the alley in a cloud of dust.
"Hmm," said Carrion. "Aren't we supposed to be IN the cab?"
"It doesn't matter," said Wacker, turning as red as a red, red quince. "Cabs cost too much anyway. I've got a better idea."
"I'm not sure I want to hear this," said Clack.
"We've had a sudden influx of alien hockey players, right?"
"That's one possible view of things," said Clack cautiously.
"How did the aliens get here?" said Wacker.
"In cabs?" said Clack.
"In Pickard Trilobites of the gods?" said Carrion.
"In UFO's," said Wacker irritably. "Specifically, alien UFO's. The ones parked over there, in a crop circle."
"Oh, THOSE UFO's," said Clack.
"We can follow the elf boat in a UFO."
"And the aliens will just hand over their ignition keys?" said Clack.
"We don't need keys," said Wacker. "I can hotwire anything."
"Surely they'll notice!"
Wacker looked over at the rink, where Big Aesop was yelling at the aliens, trying to get them to play hockey on concrete.
"Not while Big Aesop is yelling at them," he said. "We have a window of opportunity."
Then he scurried over to the crop circle, not even bothering to check and see if the others were following.
By the time Clack, Carrion and the others had caught up to him, he was already inspecting the machines. 
There were squat, ugly battle ships from the Alien planet; there were squat, ugly battle ships from the Gazabian home planet, and there was a luxury cruiser from Gazabia that looked like a trilobite.
"I rather fancy the trilobite," said Wacker."
"That can't be right!" said Clack. "The Gazabians prefer crab shapes."
"All aliens like trilobites," said Wacker. "It's a classic form factor."
"Do you really think this is a good idea?" said Carrion. "What if the aliens spot us and abduct us? Big Aesop can't go on yelling forever."
"Hmm," said Wacker nervously. "We need some new distraction to keep them occupied."
"How about a model railroad?" said Carrion.
"We could get Allura to help us," said Wacker.
Everyone stared at Wacker for a time, wondering when the brain transplant would kick in.
"We could tell her it's the only way to get rid of her Manchurian Canard personality," he said.
"Okay, but you do the talking," said Clack. "I'll pretend I'm with someone else."
"A fine villain you make!" snorted Wacker.
Thus it was the two remaining villains trekked back to the rink, where Big Aesop was still trying to convince everyone to play hockey on the cement.
Allura, meanwhile, was growing irritable. 
"Something is happening to me," she said. "I think it's the Manchurian Canard personality stirring inside me."
"What does it do?" said Irma Cram, the goalie on her team.
"It makes me want to consume things. I have an uncontrollable urge to shop in strip malls."
"Resist it."
"I can't help myself. Must play more hockey to distract myself!"
"But there's no ice."
"Shop, shop, shop!" moaned Allura.
"Well, I suppose you could buy some new pucks."
"No pucks! The Manchurian Canard personality wants me to shop for frilly things. My mind has been hijacked by a men's magazine!"
Cram gnashed her beak. "Show me who did this to you and I'll turn him into a conveniently packaged lunch-time treat," she said.
"It started on a UFO," said Allura. "That's all I remember."
Wacker, eavesdropping shamelessly from the alleyway as Allura struggled with her vicious new personality, took this as his cue. Bracing himself, he strode onto the ice, arms swinging at his sides, and confronted Allura.
Cram tried to bite him on the shoulder, but he tossed her a vegetarian pizza, and she fell to devouring it.
"I know who did this to you," he said to Allura. 
Allura glared suspiciously at him. "Why should I believe you?" she said. "You're one of them."
"One of what?"
"The villains," she snarled, lunging at him. "For all I know, you might have had a hand in this."
Wacker drew back quickly. Even arch-villains are reluctant to take on a werewolf in full frenzy.
"I know how to get at the truth," said Allura. "I'll read somebody's entrails. Yours for instance."
"You can't delete mine because the folder's not empty," said Wacker. "Besides, they're in use. And anyway, I'm telling the truth. I want the perpetrator just as much as you do. He stole our weather."
"You mean Plum?"
"You noticed."
"Why would Plum do this to me?"
"It's a test case. A dry run. He wants everyone to shop."
"But why."
"Because if you're shopping, you won't challenge authority. "
"Challenge WHAT authority? Vlod?"
"Vlod doesn't need tricks like the Manchurian Canard."
"Who then? The Prime Minister?"
"Ha, ha, ha!" said Wacker. "The prime minister is largely irrelevant in Toronto because of the division of powers between provincial and federal entities. Haven't you read 'Anne of Green Gables'?"
"So who, then? Who benefits if everyone shops?"
"The banks," said Clack, who had joined the fray, now that it was clear no one was being attacked.
"The credit card companies," said Carrion.
"Shopkeepers."
"People who work in shops."
"People who make things that get sold in shops."
"You mean foreigners," said Clack. "Everything's out-sourced now."
"I'm going to tear Plum to pieces," said Allura.
"Whatever turns you on," said Wacker. "But if we help you find him, we get to talk to him first. We need our weather back."
"You get ten minutes."
"That seems reasonable," said Clack.
"Which brings us back to the problem of how to get a UFO," said Carrion."
"We need something to distract the aliens for a long time," said Wacker.
Just then, Johnny Rutabaga Seed showed up.
Wacker had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 173:MAKING WEATHER

Wacker eyed Johnny Rutabaga suspiciously.
"I thought you were busy wandering around the countryside, planting rutabaga seeds," he said.
"That was then, this is now," said Johnny. "I got tired of rutabagas. My friends were all earning huge sums with organic alfalfa and seaweed while I withered on the vine."
"That's the trouble with rutabagas," said Wacker. "No one has a clue what they are."
"The Swedes use them to ward off tax collectors," said Clack.
Everyone stared at Clack for a time, wondering which accounting firm he used.
"Anyway," said Johnny, "I was a failure at agriculture, so I donated my identity to the open source movement, and I downloaded this hockey outfit from the department of agriculture. Now I have a grant from the department of Canadian culture to distribute hockey pucks to foreigners. It promotes Canada."
Clack and Wacker whispered among themselves.
"Just what we need," whispered Wacker. "Johnny can use his pucks to distract the aliens while we make off with their UFO."
"Aliens?" said Johnny, who had been rudely eavesdropping. "They play a different brand of hockey, with more skating."
"Not in Canada, they don't," said Wacker. "Not if they want to leave the ice in one piece. Why don't you see if you can get the game started again?"
"Technically the game is over because there isn't any ice," said Clack.
"That's a silly rule," said Johnny. "It shortens the season."
"Spoken like a true fanatic," said Wacker. "I'm sure you can help us escape."
"You'd be serving your country," said Clack. "A proper country needs villains. "Without villains, you'd have no major corporations, no parliament, no senior civil servants, and no union leaders."
"Not everyone's a villain!" said Johnny offended. "There ARE virtuous people in high office."
"Wacker stifled a laugh. "Anyway, we have an elf boat to catch," he said. "And you have some aliens to distract."
"I'll hand out some pucks, shall I?" said Johnny. "It'll be a relief to deal with real people, even if they are aliens. So many people are busy watching naughty bits these days, they aren't even interested in hockey anymore."
"The mind boggles," said Wacker. "Somebody should do something."
"Everybody always talks about it, but nobody ever does anything about it," said Johnny.
"You mean naughty bits like the weather?" said Clack.
Wacker grew alarmed at this thought. "Do you suppose the two are linked?" he said.
"You mean Plum is forecasting the weather using naughty bits?" said Clack. "How does that work?"
"Wait a minute!" said Wacker. "What if Plum is using naughty bits not just to forecast the weather, but to actually control it?"
"The cheek of it!" said Clack. "So that's why he grew those bazooms!" 
"And that's why he dispensed with them as soon as he found a Weather Man suit," said Wacker.
"Of course!" said Clack, thumping his forehead. "Plum didn't need the bazooms anymore; he went right to the source. Weather Woman!"
"So we've discovered the real secret of how you make weather," said Wacker. 
"You mean, it all happens when two weather persons get together and have at it?" said Johnny.
"I knew it!" said Wacker. "What an underhanded trick."
"We've got to stop that elf ship and get him back," said Clack.
"Drag him back, you mean," said Wacker. "He's probably going at it right now with Weather Woman."
"The mind boggles," said Clack.
"So we force him to give us our weather back," said Wacker.
"But how will we force him?" said Clack. "You can lead a Weather Man to the camera, but you can't make him forecast."
"Are you kidding!" said Wacker. "Show him a camera and he won't be able to stop himself. It's what weather forecasters live for; forecasting the weather. Take the weather away--"
"The camera, you mean," said Clack.
"Whatever; take it away and they pine for it. They stop eating, they waste away to nothing. The woods are full of the husks of derelict, cast-off weather people who got too old and wrinkled for the cameras."
"Sad," said Clack.
"It's a suitable punishment for people who deliberately foist snow and ice on unsuspecting populations," said Wacker.
"We could always blackmail him," said Clack.
"That's it!" said Wacker. "Well threaten to tell his sweetheart about our experiments with spam to make our things bigger."
"Stop, stop, stop!" yelled Clack. "The walls have ears. I'll talk, I'll talk! I'll do whatever you want."
"Not you!" said Wacker. "Plum!"
"As long as you make it clear mine is quite large," said Clack. "I really didn't need the spam thing-enhancers; I was investigating them as a public service."
"For those less fortunate," said Wacker dryly.
"So do you want me to hand out the pucks or not?" said Johnny.
"Pucks are no good without ice," said Clack.
"I can make my own ice," said Johnny modestly.
"How? There's no weather anymore."
"I don't need weather; I'll put on my swimming trunks, anoint myself with suntan lotion, set up my deck chair and barbecue, and wait."
"This brings snow?" said Wacker.
"Invariably. It's not as theatrical as having at it with Weather Woman, but it works."
"Well hop to it, man!" said Wacker. "We're in dire straits. The elf boat is receding into the misty distance even as we speak."
Thus it was, Johnny Rutabaga anointed himself with oil and set up his equipment. 
Wacker, ever the helpful villain, offered to assist, but Johnny waved him off.
"I have to do everything myself," said Johnny. "It's important that the pieces of the snow-making kit are touched by my hands alone; otherwise the magic is dissipated."
Johnny set to work immediately. In no time at all, he'd set up an idyllic little scene with a hammock, a barbecue, vegetarian steaks smoking away like steam engines on the griddle, and a bottle of lime fizzer.
"I don't see any weather," said Wacker, peering up at the thin gruel overhead. 
"Have a little faith, baby!" said Johnny. "I'm not finished yet; I have to recline on the hammock.
Then he settled in, heaved a sigh of utter contentment, and began reading a well-thumbed copy of Peake's Commentary on Hockey, Volume XI, section 13, 'The Puck'.
Wacker gazed anxiously up at the sky. "Nothing's happening," he said.
Just then, a mini-cloud, as black as the inside of a telemarketer, wafted over Big Aesop's backyard. Cool air shuddered across the rink. A bolt of lightning struck a nearby goalie, shattering her.
Then icy rain began to fall, hardening quickly on the rink until a layer of ice had formed.
"Works every time," said Johnny. "It's like washing your car to get rain."
Johnny shivering in his thin summer clothes and his amusing apron--the one featuring a picture of an irritable cow kicking a chef into a privy. 
The barbecue went out, but the smoke persisted in the way of atmospheric pollution everywhere.
"Quick!" said Wacker. "Into the UFO."
"Wait for me!" yelled Johnny.
Behind them, a new hockey war started up at once. 
The villains and their new chum ran all the way to the crop circle, where the Gazabian cruiser waited like a bloated, 1969 Pickard Trilobite. 
Wacker pressed the remote he kept in a pocket of his trench coat for just such emergencies, and a ramp slid down from the cruiser.
Just as he began his ascent, however, a cab screeched to a halt at the edge of the crop circle, and Tony Cad burst out.
"Wait for me!" he yelled. "I like it too!"
Wacker had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 174:RENAISSANCE HAGGIS

Wacker looked with interest at Tony Cad.
"I know you!" he said. "You're the one who tied Gladys KindHeart to the Orient Express tracks."
"Fame at last," muttered  Tony.
"I wouldn't call it fame. Tying people to the tracks is old! It went out with spats and black-and-white cartoons."
"Retro villains are cool now," snapped Tony. "Haven't you read any Batman comics?"
"Anyway, I thought you were eaten by that cayman chap, Fluffy," said Wacker.
"He cheated," said Tony cholerically. "He snuck up on me while I was gloating. I thought he was handbag."
"So here you are, covered in stitches like an acolyte!" said Clack.
"What do you expect! I was pretty broken up when that stupid cayman ate me. Caymans are messy eaters, in case you don't know. It took my mom hours and hours to sew me back together again."
"She needs a new needle," said Wacker.
"Are you criticizing my mom?" Tony said in a dangerous voice.
"Not the sewer, just the reaper," said Wacker.
"So what are you doing here?" said Clack. "We're pretty busy right now, what with the elf boat and the weather people stealing our weather and all."
"I want revenge," said Tony. "I'll find that cayman if it's the last thing I ever do. I hate him, and I hate his cohort, the evil Gladys KindHeart."
"How did you manage to escape?" said Wacker.
"Who wants to know?" said Tony, girding his loins for combat.
"Relax," said Wacker. "I just wanted to know, in case we meet any caymans."
"It was simple mechanics, like gravity. What goes in, comes out. Eventually."
"Out the opposite end, I presume," said Clack.
Tony Cad gave him a surly look. "You know some other exit?"
"Egads!" said Wacker. "Excreted by a cayman!"
"You have a problem with that?"
"Not as such," said Wacker, sniffing the air. "But, generally speaking, the object that emerges from the nether regions is squidgy and aromatic. No offense intended."
"Some of us are indigestible. We can't be squidgified."
"So you were able to reassemble yourself and crawl away to your mom?" said Clack. "She recognized you, did she?"
"Of course not! I was discovered by a passing Museum of Strange Things curator who happened to be inspecting the area, looking for coprolite. He collected the pieces and took me to his lab to find out what era I was from."
"I should think that would have been obvious," said Wacker. "The smell would have been a clue."
"While he was busy setting up the Acme Carbon Dating Device, I called for help," said Tony. "Fortunately my mom happens to be an acolyte, albeit, an unemployed acolyte, thanks to the machinations of a greedy, cayman-loving plutocrat. Anyway, she rushed to the lab and stitched me together on the curator's sewing machine."
"And washed you, I presume," said Wacker.
"Of course. She washed me in the city's main water reservoir. It wasn't ideal, mind you; there was too much bacterial pollution, and there were too many heavy metals; I had to shower afterwards to get it all off."
Wacker turned to Clack. "How's our bottled water supply?"
"I'm ordering in another case as we speak."
"Anyway, so here I am," said Tony.
"As good as new," said Clack.
"Better, in some places."
"You mean larger? I thought it was only spammers who knew the secret of--"
"I don't need spammers for that! I've always been quite large. I was talking about self-esteem."
"Being eaten by a cayman helped your self-esteem?" said Wacker.
"It gave me a goal in life. When you have a goal, you get self-esteem as an optional extra."
Just then, Johnny Rutabaga Seed joined the congregation.
"Goals are important," he said. "Have a puck."
"Thank you," said Tony, mystified. "What does it do?"
"It's an aid to reflection, a comforting presence during the long nights, and a faithful companion in moments of stress. And you can hit people with it."
Tony dropped it into his loot bag. 
"Anyway, now I have a goal in life," he said.
"I see," said Wacker. "You've found yourself, have you? All of those missing parts--"
"Nothing is missing," said Tony irritably. "The curator was very thorough; he scooped everything into a doggy bag. What I found was a powerful, unifying emotion; the sort of driving force that lifts one out of the realm of commonplace things into a higher sphere."
"You mean Valhalla," said Clack. "A tedious place, from what I hear. Too much larking about on fleecy clouds, playing flutes and bagpipes."
"Who cares about Valhalla; I'm talking about revenge! I'm going to find that wretched cayman and turn him into a tea tray."
"If you want Fluffy, you'll have to help us track down Plum," said Wacker. "He's in the elf boat."
"Psst!" whispered Clack. "Plum doesn't even know Fluffy."
Wacker elbowed Clack in the ribs.
"Nudge, nudge; wink, wink," he said. "We'll discuss this later."
"I'm a villain, mind you," growled Tony.
Thus it was, the little band of villains and acolytes made its way inside the alien Trilobite cruiser. 
"It's much bigger on the inside than it is on the outside," said Johnny.
"That's because it's magic," said Wacker.
"Shouldn't it wait for us to take the controls before it lifts off?" said Clack.
Wacker glanced out the view screen at the interesting spectacle of a diminishing planet, and immediately felt sick.
Meanwhile, in another part of the asylum, Freddy Average, aka Manichean Heresy, was still pretending to be an average suburbanite. 
This involved trying out every feature of his new barbecue.
A Greek chorus of neighbors had gathered on the lawn to point out his errors and discuss the smiting that lay in store for him if he burnt the steaks.
Everyone was so intent on watching him try to become an average, middle-class suburbanite, no one noticed that Allura had been absent for some time, leaving a well-thumbed copy of  Laurence Sterne's latest tome, a study of the evolution of hockey during the Peloponnesian Wars.
"Are you sure this is a good idea?" said Philip, eying the barbecue warily.
"Of course it is!" said Freddy. "You want me to fit in, don't you! Well, barbecues make the man!"
"What's that your hooking up to the input?"
"Hydrogen, the bright new star in the alternative energy field. Hydrogen is cheap, abundant, and whoever uses it can drive his SUV without guilt."
Philip took a few steps back from the proving grounds. Even a brilliant, narrowly focused shrink knows about hydrogen and matches.
The Greek chorus of suburban neighbors, meanwhile, sipped their white wine and discussed the apocalypse. 
"Look, he's starting up the barbecue," the chanted. "Are you sure this is a good idea?"
"Aren't you supposed to cook something on it?" said Philip.
"Haggis," said Freddy, dumping an entire tin of McBowel's Darwinian Haggis onto the grill.
"Haggis on a barbecue?" said Philip. "Can such things be?"
"You can cook haggis anyway you like," said Freddy. "It's highly adaptable, and good for you too!"
"Ha!" snorted Josephine, who was in the act of dropping a piano on a balky computer.
"I never tried haggis," said Philip. "I prefer food that doesn't bite back."
Freddy was shocked. 
"Never tried haggis? The most famous dish in the Universe of Adjustable Manners?"
"Famous!" snorted Josephine. "Name one thing a haggis ever did that rated a mention in People magazine.
"Haggis, I'll have you know, was responsible for the renaissance," said Freddy.
"Oh I see; a giant haggis started painting ceilings--"
"The renaissance began when the Venetians sent a delegation to Edinburgh," said Freddy. "That's where the Scots introduced them to haggis."
"It's a wonder they made it back to Venice," said Josephine.
 "Everyone knows haggis is addictive," said Freddy. "Soon the Venetians were buying so much haggis from the Scots, they were depleting their treasury and flirting with bankruptcy. They had to do something fast, so they went out and discovered the spice trade and began selling spices."
"You think that's what the renaissance is?" said Josephine. "A lot of Venetian ducks stuffing themselves with spices?"
"Of course not!" said Freddy. "The spices were only the first step. The Venetians got so excited after eating tons of spices, they ran out and began painting naked people on walls and ceilings. And as if that wasn't enough, they wrote poetry too!"
"All because of haggis!" muttered Josephine. 
"Precisely."
"So the Scots are responsible for the renaissance?" said Philip.
"Give the duck a cookie!" said Freddy. Then he struck a match and turned to light the barbecue.
Philip had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 175:LONESOME ROBOT

With the subtraction of one and the addition of two, the three villains were now four. Unfortunately , the new troops didn't help them much when the Gazabian cruiser lifted off.
Aliens don't like math homework.
"Who's controlling this thing?" said Wacker.
"I don't see any aliens," said Tony. "Just a lot of brooms, dustpans, rags, and cleaning fluid. Look, there's a bottle of Mister Clean!"
"Maybe that's because we're in the supply closet," said Clack. 
"I never heard of a supply closet with a view screen before," said Wacker.
"What's wrong with you people?" said an acerbic voice. "Janitors like a nice view too. It's no picnic spending your days cleaning up after a lot of Gazabians! Bits of torn and rendered flesh, gobbets of blood--"
"Gazabians are vegetarians," said Wacker, looking around for the interloper with the nasty voice. 
Then he spotted a large pail striding towards him.
He was upset about this at first, thinking he might have offended some new form of alien. Then he realized the pail was in fact a robot, with mechanical arms and legs, and not an alien.
It's very difficult to be polite to a pail, but you don't have to worry about decorum if your new chum is merely a robot.
"Gazabians only become vegetarians when they can't find any ducks to eat," the robot said. "The name is Hoffman, by the way."
"You're not a janitor; you're a robot!" said Tony Cad.
"Fame at last!" said Hoffman. "Now I can throw away my mops and brooms and dance with Ginger Rogers!"
"We're villains, mind you!" said Clack.
Hoffman turned to look at him. "I knew it!" he said. "The minute I saw you cowering in my office--"
"We weren't cowering!" said Clack indignantly. "We were getting ready to hijack this UFO."
"There's something weird about this place," said Tony Cad suspiciously. "Are you hiding any caymans in here?"
"Looks like your precious UFO hijacked itself," said Hoffman. "Maybe you should try one of the Gazabian battle wagons instead."
"I think not," said Wacker. "Battle wagons are obsolete; they're vulnerable to aerial attack."
"Robots have all the fun!" said Clack. "Look at these tins of chemicals! Every one of them is a weapon of mass destruction!"
"They're cleaning supplies," said Hoffman. "For those hard-to-reach spots in bathrooms and kitchens."
"That's what they all say!" muttered Clack. "Then they threaten us with death from the skies."
"Who's 'they'?" said Johnny Rutabaga Seed, looking anxiously up at the ceiling.
"Probably caymans," said Tony. "There might be caymans hiding in the laundry detergent. They're very cunning, the wretches! Sometimes they disguise themselves as wallets!"
"I have neither caymans nor weapons of mass destruction," said Hoffman. "I could drop mops and sponges on you, if you like."
"It's just what I've always said," muttered Clack. "Robots have all the fun!" 
"Are you kidding!" said Hoffman. "I've never had fun in my life! No one ever invites me to parties. I've never even had a date."
"Caymans are masters of the art of camouflage," said Tony, looking behind a bucket filled with old vellum from the library at Alexandria. "They disguise themselves as politicians and wait for hours and hours in their lairs until an unsuspecting taxpayer shows up."
"Robots have dates?" said Wacker.
"Robots like interfacing just as much as ducks do," said Hoffman indignantly. "But we don't make so much fuss about it."
"I've seen caymans hiding in major corporations," said Tony. "They wait until you're busy scrubbing floor tiles, and then they leap out and swipe all of your stock options."
"You scrub floor tiles, do you?" said Clack.
"What's wrong with scrubbing tiles!" snapped Tony. "It's therapeutic. It puts me into a villainous rage."
"Maybe you were dating the wrong kind of robot," said Johnny. "You're obviously the quiet, sensitive type."
"Do you think so?" said Hoffman, pleased.
"Sure!" said Johnny. "Anyone can see."
"I thought it was the bagpipes that turned off my dates."
"You play the bagpipes?" said Wacker, fumbling in his pockets for a set of earplugs.
"Sure," said Hoffman, reaching for a convenient bagpipe. "Would you like to hear my latest composition? I call it, 'I Left My cache in San Francisco."
 Everyone took a few steps back from the smiting zone. Bagpipes offer sweet music in the right hands; in the wrong hands, they become weapons of mass destruction.
"We're in a bit of a hurry," said Wacker. "We have to save the world from a--"
"From a robot-hating, bagpipe-hating fiend!" said Clack.
"Where is he?" said Hoffman. "Let me at him! I'll load up his hard drive with Macrohard Angst security tools and watch him rot to death from virus bites!"
"We'll take care of him," said Wacker. "We need to follow a certain elf boat. It would help if we had some means of controlling our flight path."
"Aha!" said Hoffman. You want the control room. Down the hall, take the first left, then the second left, then the third left."
"Hmm," said Clack.
This was followed by a rush for the door. In fact, the villains were in such a hurry to get out of the supply room, there was a traffic jam at the door, but eventually they worked it out.
There was more trouble when they tried following Hoffman's directions, but eventually, they worked this out, too, and found themselves back at the supply room door.
An arm reached out from within and hung up a sign that said, 'Control Room'.
Wacker strode angrily inside. "We're back where we started," he said. "This is the supply room again."
"No it isn't," said Hoffman. "The sign on the door says, 'Control Room'."
"You just hung that up," said Wacker. "I saw you do it! We traveled all that long way to come right back to the place we started from."
"Oh, everyone does that!" said Hoffman. "It's the definition of modernism."
"This is a very modern supply room, is it?" said Clack.
"Of course it is!" muttered Wacker. "It makes a mystery out of ordinary things."
"Ordinary things are very mysterious," said Hoffman. "Have you ever looked closely, really closely, at a broom, for instance?"
"Never!" said Wacker, shuddering. "I'm a villain, mind you."
"So if this is the control room, where's the pilot?" said Tony. "Did the caymans eat him?"
"He's on break."
"We don't  need a pilot," said Wacker. "I can fly this thing by myself. Are there any controls in here?"
Hoffman opened a panel and showed him a small control panel with a special 'control-alt-delete' switch.
There was a red lever with a tiny label marked 'WMD'.
"I don't think--" said Johnny, but it was too late.
Wacker pulled the red lever.
There was a horrified silence. 
After the longest moment, Wacker said, "Nothing happened. I'll try another one."
Just then, the view screen filled up with scrolling spam.
"Look, look, see, see!" said Clack, reading from the spam prompter. "A potion that makes you bigger."
"This is useless," said Wacker hurriedly. "We'll have to find the pilot."
"Oh, you want the PILOT!" said Hoffman. "Why didn't you say so! Try the auxiliary control room. Just follow the PATH signs hanging from the ceiling."
Once again the villains rushed out, and once again there was a bottleneck at the door.
After a short scuffle, they followed the helpful PATH signs through a twisting maze filled with boutiques and shoppers. There was a food court, a section devoted to cute tourist items, and a skating rink.
Eventually they came to a room with a sign on the door that said: Auxiliary Control Room: for madmen only.
"Are we back at the supply room again?" said Tony suspiciously. 
Wacker gingerly opened the doors.
It was indeed a supply room, but a different one. The mops and brooms had green handles, not red handles.
There was a fold-out control board attached to a metal shelf loaded with cleaning supplies.
Seated at the controls was a human.
"Oh my gosh!" hissed Johnny. "Look at the poor fellow. He doesn't have a beak."
"Nor any feathers," said Tony, awed. 
"Shh, don't stare at him," said Wacker. "You'll humiliate him."
"I hate talking to humans," said Wacker. "It's embarrassing. I never know where to look."
"I wonder what gender it is," said Johnny. "It's so hard to tell with humans these days."
"You can't tell by the colors of their feathers; that's for sure!" said Clack.
"How do you do, sir or madam?" said Wacker. "Are you indeed, as we suspect, a human?"
"Of course I am," said the human. "The name is John Taylor. You can call me Taylor."
"What is a human doing here?" said Tony Cad suspiciously. "Are you plotting something with the caymans."
"I'm your pilot," said Taylor.
"How did a human get to be pilot of a Gazabian ship?"
"It was easy. Anyone can apply."
"But, there's all kinds of stuff you have to memorize," said Johnny. "These ships run on Gazabian psychopathic emotions. You have to master the complete range of Gazabian emotions."
"What's so hard about that?" said Taylor. "They're all shellfish. Lobsters, and crabs, etc. Besides, I cheated on the test."
"I knew it!" snorted Clack. "Humans!"
"What's wrong with cheating?" said Taylor. "Everybody does it. Besides, it's okay if you don't get caught."
"Cheating is cheating," said Wacker virtually. "It's wrong. There are standards."
"Psst! Wacker," said Clack. "We're villains, mind you."
Wacker was silent for a moment, thinking about villainy.
"You're just jealous," said Johnny. "Admit it, Wacker! You don't like competition."
"I'm not jealous, you fool! Don't you understand; if everyone cheats, everyone is a villain. We aren't special anymore."
"Egads," said Clack. "It's true! We've become common."
"So we cheat harder," said Tony. "We stand out from the crowd. We can start by killing all the caymans."
"That's why we need the Power of Durable Evil," said Clack. "To make us super villains."
"No right unwronged," said Wacker, cheering up a little.
"No good deed unpunished," said Clack.
"But first we need Plum."
"To get the weather back."
"And to teach us how to make weather using naughty things."
"Then we find the formula that makes bigger things."
"Mine is quite large," said Tony.
"Off to find the Power of Durable Evil," said Wacker.
"Follow that elf boat."
"Care for a puck?" said Johnny.
Just then, aliens abducted them.
Wacker had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 176:Haggis Surprise

Meanwhile, in another part of the mad house, Allura was struggling against the overwhelming need to shop, implanted in her by the Manchurian Candidate personality.
The other hockey players watched her titanic struggle in awe. The Vikings on the opposing team thought she was turning into a berserker.
"Did we bring any berserkers?" asked Poplar Leaf.
"We left them at home, remember?" said Quaking Aspen. "They go crazy and wreck all the treasure before we have a chance to stuff it into our loot bags."
"What difference would that make? We don't have any treasure anyway. The brokers and financial advisors took it."
"Details, details," said Quaking Aspen. "It won't happen again. I have a plan."
"Is it anything like the plan that had us invading Tibet, which turned out to be not quite as close to the ocean as some smarty pants thought it was?"
"Anyone can make a mistake! Anyway, this is foolproof. We'll get lots of laptop computers with wireless Internet connections and we'll become day traders."
"Oh, oh; I don't like the sound of this. I think we're going to need a lot of cash in a hurry."
"We could sell our long ship on eBay."
"It's already mortgaged to the hilt. We haven't paid it off yet with the ads."
"How about those new tattoo signs people do on their beaks. You know, for ten bucks an hour you walk around with an Eat At Joe's tattoo on your beak."
"Hmmm."
Poplar Leaf felt his beak and thought about needles.
"Hmm," he said. "So we have no weapons of mass destruction, no berserkers, no counter measures, no loot, and we're about to be slaughtered by a crazed shopper."
Everyone looked at Allura, who was gritting her beak, struggling with an inexplicable urge to shop.
"Must resist!" she said. Then she grabbed her cell phone and called Philip on her emergency therapy line.
Philip was in the act of surreptitiously backing away from Freddy Average's barbecue smiting zone when his phone rang.
"I wouldn't do that if I were you," he yelled.
"Do what?" said Allura.
"Oh, hi, Allura. What's up?"
Then he waved frantically as Freddy lowered his match to the hydrogen outlet on his Acme Average Backyard Barbecue.
Just at that moment, Josephine, who had been inspecting the computers in Freddy's new digs, uttered a savage oath, stopping Freddy in his tracks.
"TARNATION!" she yelled. "No wonder nothing works properly in here. I thought this was supposed to be a 'smart' house. The computers all run on Macrohard Angst."
This was followed by a lot of clanking and crashing.
Moments later the door burst open and Josephine steamed out, hauling a mine car loaded with computers.
"Hey, I spent hours and hours uploading my personality into those computers--" Philip said.
"I don't want your personality; I want mine!" said Allura.
"How long have you been obsessed with your own personality?" said Philip.
"I'm not obsessed with it; I want it back."
"I'll be back!" said Josephine, making her way towards an industrial complex next door.
"Wait!" yelled Philip. "What about the computers? I'm sure they're not meant to lie in a heap on the lawn."
"It's okay; I replaced everything with Linux boxes."
"But what about my personality?"
"I can't help you with that; you're the shrink."
"This isn't about you, it's about me," said Allura. "I'm the patient."
"How long  have you been a patient?" said Philip.
"Since you issued me a pre-approved credit card and Plum downloaded the Manchurian Canard personality into my brain."
"You shouldn't complain about having an extra personality. Some people don't have any personality at all, you know."
"I wouldn't boast about it, if I were you," said Allura.
Meanwhile, Freddy's match burned down to his fingers as he eavesdropped on Philip's conversation through his Acme Cell Bugging Device.
Then he struck another match. 
Before he had time to light the gas jet, however, there was a hiss of steam, a clank, clank, clank, and a squeal of metal wheels. Seconds later, a huge steam tank clanked its way towards the pile of computers on the lawn.
Josephine waved from the turret, grinning maniacally.
"I bought this at Big Aesop's Villainy Shop," she said. "It was owned by a little old granny who only used it in one war."
"No!" yelled Philip. "I don't understand Linux. How will I ever upload my personality into a Linux box?"
"Uploading is the easy part," said Josephine. "Finding your personality is the hard part."
There was an electronic scream as Josephine drove her tank back and forth over the computers. It was quite a gory sight, with lots of broken cases, squashed innards, circuit boards oozing out onto the lawn etc. 
Computer users from all over the neighborhood waxed exultant at this victory over a sneaky and infuriating enemy.
Freddy, however, was a channel flipper. Ten seconds in one sequence was more than enough for him, so he at last touched the match flame to the gas jet.
Luckily for him he was holding a flagon of McBowel's Black Hole ale in his free hand. 
The ale was only a prop, of course. When you're impersonating an average duck, it's important to dress the part.
McBowel's Black Hole ale, as you know, sucks in physical reality like a philosopher's drain pipe. And just as no one really knows, or wants to know, what lies at the other end of the drainpipe, so no one really wants to know what's on the other side of a flagon of Black Hole ale.
Usually it involves a certain amount of time in the emergency ward.
Under normal circumstances Black Hole ale is quite safe if drunk carefully in a special way, keeping one eye open for surrealists and their ilk.
Careless drinkers vanish into the black hole, occasionally; returning at intervals as squeegees or as plumbers' friends.
Anyway, the ale absorbed most of the blast energy, swelled up a little, fizzed like an open bottle of champagne, then turned green.
Some of the blast escaped. The part that got past the black hole struck the haggis with enormous force, touching off a second, even bigger explosion.
Normally haggis is inert. An explosion right next to it produces a wet smack and a lot of mess in a room or on the deck. 
McBowel's haggis, however, is known for its volatility. That's why it excites the palate. McBowel's haggis is volatile because most of it has been carefully jammed into the ten dimensions known as the Fundamental Hypocrisy, aka, The Reason Everything is in Such a Mess.
In fact, scientists theorize that much of the universe is made up of dark haggis left over from the first Robbie Burns night, before the referees got the exact mixture of haggis, scotch, porridge and poetry down properly.  
This time, however, the explosion cracked the barriers between worlds, collapsing reality. Gobbets of dark haggis rushed out of the Fundamental Hypocrisy at faster-than-light speeds, and in the tick of a cesium clock, the entire neighborhood was overhung by a dark, swelling ball as black as the inside of a politician.
When it blew up, the entire neighborhood, yea even unto the limits of the gated entrance, the no trespassing sign, and the newly planted saplings, was dripping with haggis. All of the inhabitants thereof, even unto the beasts of the field and the doggies in the windows, were covered with the stuff.
Haggis, haggis everywhere and nary a Scot in sight!
"Good grief; what happened!" said Allura.
"Look, look, see, see!" said the chorus of neighbors. "The entire neighborhood is covered in haggis. This is what you get for trying to one-up your neighbors."
"Beautiful colonial masterpieces are nothing but steaming mounds of haggis."
"There's a snowplow attempting to clear the street."
"The neighbors are trooping over here with flaming torches. Now what?"
Josephine Climbed down from her turret, shook off the haggis, and frowned. 
"Where's Freddy Average?" she asked.
"Lo, yon mound of haggis even as we speak approaches us," said the chorus. "No, not that one. The mound holding the spatula and grinning."
It was Freddy, of course. He looked around in a daze.
"How would you like your haggis, sir or Madame?" he said to Josephine.
"On my plate, please."
Philip eyed the approaching mob of neighbors and their flaming torches.
"No smiting, please," he said. "We're in the suburbs now."
"Ha! When was the last time you watched a junior hockey game!" snorted the chorus.
"Or a soccer game."
"Or a PTA meeting."
Just then, Irma stormed out of the gazebo, where she'd been thinking about Petronius.
"Look at my dominatrix outfit!" she screamed. "It's covered in haggis. I want a divorce."
Meanwhile, the kids were screaming: "We're having an unhappy childhood because of all this haggis, so we're going to smoke drugs, watch people smooching on the Internet,  and smite each other."
"I guess I'm a failure at this average suburbanite business," said Freddy, not without a certain glee.
"Are you kidding!" said Jon Jimson,  the neighborhood Golden Mean. "This is perfect! A divorce, a ruined barbecue, squabbling kids, violence, a questionable female with her own tank--you fit right in!"
"I do?"
"We'd like to present you with this certificate. You're one of us now."
Just then, a duck with a clipboard showed up.
"Sir, sir, may I ask you a few questions."
"Go away," said Freddy. "I'm average now; I don't know anything."
"Psst, Freddy," said Philip. "This is probably a marketing anthropologist trying to find out what average people are and what they wish they could buy, so that big corporations can exploit them. You're duty bound as an average duck to answer his questions."
"But what if he's really selling encyclopedias, or life insurance?"
"None of the above," said the duck with the clipboard. "The name is Waldenbrook. I'm an inspector looking for weapons of mass destruction. Do you have any?"
"I have some haggis," said Freddy, pressing the palm of his hand to his heart to show that he was honest. "But I don't inhale."
The inspector sucked in his cheeks.
"Hmm, haggis. I don't know about that. Sounds evil to me."
"Haggis is legal. It's in the Geneva Convention."
"Lots of things in the Geneva Convention, my boy. Surprising things! Now what about this contraption?" He walked all around the fire-blackened and distorted barbecue.
"That's a barbecue."
"I knew it! I found them at last."
In a frenzy of excitement, he called the Weapons Librarian on his cell phone and demanded backup.
"Do you have any more weapons lying about?" he said. "In your basement, for instance?"
"No, I'm just an average family duck trying to blend in."
"There are more of you? This is your family?"
"I'm a squid, mind you," said the squid.
"A dead squid," said Freddy. "Get back in your box."
Mind if I look inside your house?"
"Be my guest. Keep it, if you like. I'm going to sleep in a bunker."
Waldenbrook went inside with his clipboard.
Then he opened the fridge and gasped.
"Whoa; what's this!" he said.
Freddy eyed the booty within.
"Looks like frozen TV dinners to me."
"Trans fats, hydrogenated vegetable oil...."
"Food makes the duck," said Philip. 
"Are you eating while you therapize me?" said Allura. "That does it! I'm going to find another shrink."
"Wait!" said Philip, but Allura had already hung up. He turned disconsolately to Josephine.
"She'll be back," said Josephine. "It was just a ploy to get your attention."
"Do you really think so?"
"Of course, sweetie. Here; this always helps."
Then she handed him his rubber duckie, the special one with a squeaker in the base.
Philip looked at Josephine and Josephine looked at Philip.
"Shall we go back to the office and smooch?"
"I'd like that, but we'd better finish here."
Philip was disturbed. "Why am I so happy?"
"Stop analyzing things, Philip. Use my sledge hammer. It's very therapeutic. We have lots of computers you can smash."
"Yes, yes, of course," he said excitedly.
"Save your neurotic behavior for your patients. It endears you to them."
"Everybody please stay right where you are," said Waldenbrook. "The Weapons Librarian is sending backup. I want everybody to hand over their fountain pens and paper clips."
Philip had a bad feeling about this.....


CHAPTER 177:BAM Spies

Waldenbrook opened Freddy Average's freezer compartment again and eyed the frozen trans fats lovingly.
"I've never seen such a lethal cache before," he said. "You're a one-duck strike force! Were you planning on taking out Olde Europe with this?"
"I collect frozen food," said Freddy. "In case we run out of electricity."
"A likely excuse! Where's your backup generator?"
Before Freddy could answer, there was a tremendous racket as a fleet of black helicopters skimmed over the house.
"Here's our bus!" said Waldenbrook. "Outside everyone, please!"
Waldenbrook led Freddy, his family, and his excited neighbors and their flaming torches into a crop circle on the lawn, where he made smoke to show that it was safe to land.
"Is this an alien abduction?" said Irma Average, touching up her beak gloss. "I don't do alien abductions without a contract setting out residual rights for action figures and movie deals."
"We're all going to BAM HQ," said Waldenbrook. "My boss wants to talk to you."
"All of us?" said the neighbors with flaming torches.
"We might want to have a look at those flaming torches," said Waldenbrook. 
"Us too?" said the chorus. "We're just kibitzers."
"Are you kidding!" said Waldenbrook. "You media people are worse than a whole regiment of sappers! Give you ten minutes in front of a camera and you've started a new trend! You're coming with us!"
Thus it was, the whole of Mr. Freddy's neighborhood departed in black helicopters for BAM HQ.
"Isn't this nice!" said a neighbor, but he was quickly silenced by his enraged colleagues. The last thing any self-respecting neighborhood needs is an epidemic of civility and optimism. At the first sign of cheerfulness, a horde of cultural critics would descend on the place like a plague of armadillos, mocking everyone ruthlessly.
Anyway, The Bureau of Advanced Manipulation, or BAM, as it is affectionately known, is located on fashionable Bloor Street, between a Goth shoppe and a boutique selling astronomically priced kitchen ware.
BAM was disguised as yet another shop, of course. Spies don't like to advertise their presence.
To all outward appearances, BAM was merely an exclusive toy shoppe, well-stocked with miniature plastic tanks, howitzers, action figures, and jet aircraft.
There was even a miniature field hospital with tiny mutilated plastic bodies on stretchers, and extra plastic soldiers so that children could create new casualties.
Each box of warriors was prominently marked with a warning label that said, 'Not suitable for children under eighteen. Danger of swallowing small parts. For younger children, see our line of child-safe Little Big Warrior Kits, with soft foam assault teams and weapons, and tanks that shoot blanks.'
Anyway, the BAM Shoppe, as it was called, looked just like all of the other toy stores you've ever seen, albeit the merchandise was somewhat pricier, and there was a lunatic asylum where stressed-out parents could recuperate while their little tykes played with the samples.
In the aisles, eager children could be seen ripping open packages and engaging in vast battles with their chums. 
At the back of the store, however, was a metal door with a label that said, 'Danger, do not open this door. Elevator under repair.'
Waldenbrook led everyone into the elevator, which was bigger on the inside than the outside, of course.
There was a long descent into the bowels of BAM, then a trek into a cavernous office.
This was stuffed to the brim with important-looking career people in dark suits who rushed about, yelled into phones, huddled over computer screens, waved file folders marked 'Eyes Only', and argued with each other over whose surveillance subject was the biggest threat to world peace.
"Why are they all watching naughty things on their screens?" said Freddy.
"There's a new theory going around that naughty things are just a front for subversive elements," said Waldenbrook.
"What subversive elements?" said Freddy. "Spammers?"
"Not as such," said Waldenbrook. "Though spammers do seem to be interested in promoting naughty things as a way of life."
"I thought we'd already accomplished that on our own," said the chorus of neighbors.
"Not with these naughty things," said Waldenbrook. "These are alien naughty things. If you look carefully, you can see the alien spammers rubbing their tentacles together and cackling."
Freddy leaned closer to the screen. "All I can see is--good grief! How did they manage THAT? Can such things be?"
"If you think that's shocking," said Waldenbrook, take a look at this!"
So saying, he reached into a convenient curio cabinet and produced, with a flourish, a lacquered box. 
"Stand back, everyone!" he said. "This is the most potent alien spam in existence. These things have been known to go off with surprising force."
Everyone jostled for a look as Waldenbrook opened the box and began extracting the spam with a forceps. There was a long, delicious silence as item after item took its place on the sterilized countertop.
The very last object was a view screen, neatly folded and wrapped in plain, brown paper. Waldenbrook carefully tore away the wrapper, set up the viewer, and stood back to give everyone a look.
On the screen, strange aliens came and went.
"That isn't spam!" said Freddy, disappointed. "It's the Discovery Channel."
"Ha, ha!" said Waldenbrook. "It looks harmless, doesn't it. Aliens going about their tentacled business, being aliens. And yet, when you know what precisely it is they are actually doing, you see things with a different eye."
"Naughty things," said Freddy. "They're having at it, are they?"
"Exactly," said Waldenbrook lasciviously. "Those are Boondapunts, from the planet Nupad. They take longer to consummate their smooching than any other known species, because they have to complete 53 steps before they, umm...smooch with enough intensity to...um, generate noveau Boondapunts."
"Fifty-three steps?" said Freddy.
"In precise sequence."
"Well they NEED spam, don't they!" said the chorus of neighbors. "In fact, they need all the help they can get."
"But once they get started, they enjoy it," said Waldenbrook. "Apparently it's the getting started that's hard."
"How do they remember it all?" said Freddy. "They'd have to spend all of their waking hours thinking about smooching."
"And we don't?" said the chorus.
"Some of us think about ice cream," said a neighbor, but he was quickly silenced and locked up in the same place as the neighbor who liked civility and optimism.
"It's quite a ballet," said Waldenbrook admiringly. "It involves gender changes."
"They have 53 genders?" said Freddy. "I'm getting a headache."
"Boondapunts aren't allowed to plead headaches as an excuse," said Waldenbrook. "Anyway, some of their genders have very brief half lives. Some of them only show up during smooching, and flame out in nano seconds."
"Sounds familiar," said a female neighbor.
"Mine is quite large," said a male neighbor.
"How can they be so obsessed with smooching?" said Freddy. "They look like octopuses on unicycles."
"You've got something against octopuses?" said Waldenbrook irritably. "Anyway, balancing on unicycles is part of the fun. There's the suspense of wondering whether you'll be able to keep your balance long enough to have at it. Normally we, I mean THEY, ha, ha!, use one or two appendages to hold onto each other to keep themselves up. But during moments of smooching, we sometimes let go and fall down."
"Just like someone else I know," said a female neighbor darkly.
Freddy chose to ignore this. 
"You mean they still hold onto everyone else, even during moments of smooching?" he said. 
"It spreads the excitement around," said Waldenbrook. "Others get excited and pretty soon we all--THEY all, ha, ha!--start smooching. But we maintain sentinels to make sure no Figgits attack during the moment of vulnerability."
Freddy glanced suspiciously at Waldenbrook. 
"I hesitate to ask," he said. "But--"
"Figgits are predatory beats," said Waldenbrook hurriedly. "They look like platypuses."
"That's not the question I had in mind," said Freddy, eyeing Waldenbrook warily.
"Platypuses again," muttered a neighbor. "The other day, I saw a platypus that must have been fifty feet tall. It was stealing one of our females. It's just as I've always said; start letting them into the country, and they'll steal all the females and make you have different customs and beliefs."
"We fend of platypuses by hurling armadillos at them," said Waldenbrook. "Figgits and armadillos hate each other. They compete for the same ants."
"What has all of this got to do with alien spam?" said Freddy, who had forgotten his original question.
"Boondapunts consult spam in their quest for more, better naughty things," said Waldenbrook. "They rely on naughty things to encourage more smooching. We're smooching much less these days, you see, because we don't have enough self-esteem. Oceans of human spam from Earth made us all feel too small; even the females."
"Mine is quite large," said a Boondapunt.
"The nefarious power of advertising," said Freddy. "And all this time, I thought I was the embodiment of evil!"
"Oh you are!" said Waldenbrook. "Of course you are! Average people are fantastically dangerous. They aren't quick to adopt new weapons, but when they do finally pick up on them, watch out! This barbecue, for instance...."
"Yes," said a voice behind him. "This barbecue is fascinating. How does it work?"
The voice belonged to Mr. Jellico, the Weapons Librarian, who was currently in the act of inspecting the wreckage of Freddy's barbecue.
"What does it do?" he said.
"Um, we Boondapunts think it--I mean, we, that is I-- think it might be an automatic haggis launcher," said Waldenbrook.
Mr. Jellico clucked his tongue. 
"Are they all like this?"
"Don't look at me!" said Freddy. "It was a gift from a lunatic shrink."
"I don't think they're all like this, sir," said Waldenbrook. "This one was obviously modified."
"Who would do such a dastardly thing?"
"Someone with an intimate knowledge of haggis."
"A Scot?"
"Possibly."
"What Scot would waste perfectly good haggis?" said Mr. Jellico.
"A mad Scot?" said Freddy.
"Hmm. So we're looking for a demented Scot with an inexhaustible supply of haggis."
"Someone who hates his neighbors," said Waldenbrook.
"Why would he hate his neighbors?"
"I don't know, sir. Maybe they were all Sassenach speculators. Maybe they swooped in and bought up all of the surrounding heaths."
"I didn't know heath had a plural."
"There must be more than one heath in Scotland," said Waldenbrook.
"Maybe there is only one heath," said Mr. Jellico. "All the Scots share it. At one end you get romantic heroes ripping bodices. At the other end you get the Scots Greys holding off Napoleon. In the middle you get the Highland Games."
"Do they do that in a heath?" said Waldenbrook.
"Where else?"
"What about haggis, sir? Where does the haggis hang out?"
"A different part of the heath, perhaps."
"I suppose haggis could squeeze itself into different dimensions," said Waldenbrook.
"The Haggis Dimensions," said Mr. Jellico. "Very good, Waldenbrook. I suppose we'd better send in a spy; someone who can blend in among the Scots."
"Who would that be?" said Waldenbrook, backing away from the smiting zone.
Suddenly everyone turned to look at Freddy.
Freddy had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 178:A HAGGIS IN EVERY POT

"This won't work," said Freddy. "I don't know a thing about Scots. How am I supposed to blend in?"
"What's to know?" said Mr. Jellico. "This is BAM! Most of our agents can't even speak a second language."
"Most of them can't even speak a first language," muttered Waldenbrook.
"I'll tell you what I need to know," said Freddy. "For starters, what does a Scot look like?"
"Don't be ridiculous," said Mr. Jellico. "Everyone knows what a Scot looks like. It's obvious. They stand out in a crowd; there's a certain Scottishness about them."
"Exactly right," said Waldenbrook. "The Scots have a way of carrying themselves that looks unmistakably Scottish."
"Quite different from Sassenachs," said Mr. Jellico.
"I see," said Freddy. "You can tell by the absence of fish and chips, can you?"
"Well, there's always the sporran," said Mr. Jellico.
"And their black helicopters are actually plaid," said Waldenbrook.
"Oh my, yes!" said Waldenbrook. "You don't want to be scooped up by a plaid helicopter; before you know it, those devious Scots will have taken you to their heath."
"Nasty business," said Mr. Jellico. "You'll be forced to read hundreds of books about how the Scots invented the pre-Socratic philosophers."
"And toad-in-the-hole," said Waldenbrook.
"So you'd better learn how to blend in," said Mr. Jellico.
"Do you have any literature?" said Freddy. "'Scot-Watching for Dum Dums', or something of that nature."
Mr. Jellico clucked his tongue.
"Surely we must have something on Scottish customs in our files," he said.
"I dunno; look it up in Margaret Mead," said Waldenbrook.
"Has it got illustrations?" said Freddy.
"We don't do naughty things here," said Mr. Jellico. "Just cloak and dagger."
Waldenbrook rummaged in a liquor cabinet, coming up with a book of coupons from the Ho-Le-Chow take-out restaurant, and a catalog from the Museum of Strange Things.
Freddy leafed through the catalog with interest.
"Look at those Scots, cavorting about with absolutely no clothes on at all!" he said.
"That's Gauguin and his Samoan chums, I think," said Waldenbrook. "It's a private beach."
"There are beaches in Scotland? That would explain the goosebumps."
"You wouldn't see them if you weren't looking at them through a magnifying glass," said Mr. Jellico. Then he directed Freddy's attention to the section on Scotland.
"This is getting complicated," said Freddy. "There's more than one kind of Scot."
"Look, Scottish engineers, Scottish physicists, Scottish philanthropists and Scottish actors!" said Waldenbrook. "Who knew!"
"That one lives in the Bahamas," said Mr. Jellico.
"So what do they all have in common?" said Freddy.
"They were born in Scotland?" said Waldenbrook.
"They have Scottish parents?" said Mr. Jellico.
"They drink Scotch?" said Freddy. "Maybe we should start with that."
"This isn't getting us anywhere," said Mr. Jellico. "Where do we find a lot of Scots?"
"In Scotland, presumably," said Waldenbrook.
"Actually, there's quite a lot of them in Toronto," said Mr. Jellico. "They invented Canada, you know."
"So THEY'RE the ones responsible for this mess!" said Waldenbrook. "We should demand reparations."
"Enough small talk," said Mr. Jellico. "How do we attract a lot of Scots? How do we get them into one place so Freddy can blend in with them?"
"Offer them free haggis," said Waldenbrook.
"Free Scotch," said Freddy.
"We could stage a special Scots Appreciation Day," said Waldenbrook. "With readings from traditional recipe books etc."
"We could say we have proof that Tacitus was wrong; Agricola lost," said Mr. Jellico. "We could put on a play showing the true results of the battle, in which the Scots overran Rome."
"And while the Scots are watching the play, we use the Sniffer," said Waldenbrook."
"To find someone walking around with haggis in his pocket," said Mr. Jellico."
"Why would he carry haggis around?" said Freddy.
"In case he spots any sneaky Sassenachs."
"But only the demented Scot who modified Freddy's barbecue," would do this," said Mr. Jellico. "Any other Scot would at least use plastic baggies and a lunch box."
"Once we've found him, we sacrifice him at Mons Graupius?" said Freddy.
"Not as such," said Mr. Jellico, wondering what a Mons Graupius was, and what to do if it attacked you in the bath. "We offer him amnesty if he chooses to make haggis for us."
"Diabolical," said Waldenbrook.
"I thought so," said Mr. Jellico.
"So then Canada would become the most powerful nation on Tockworld," said Waldenbrook."
"We could make demands," said Mr. Jellico, rubbing his hands together and gloating.
"We could demand a warmer climate for starters," said Waldenbrook.
"Do you really think it makes any difference if we find this demented Scot?" said Freddy. "These barbecues have proliferated by now. You can't put the haggis back in the bottle once it's been let out."
"It doesn't matter; we'll have the demented Scotsman's plans for the modified haggis launcher," said Mr. Jellico. "The haggis itself is not important."
"We could offer him a special package if he cooperates," said Waldenbrook.
"An internet-enabled barbecue with extra gas and a USB port for peripherals," said Mr. Jellico.
"And instructors to teach his technicians how to use it," said Waldenbrook."
"And a nice offshore support package," said Mr. Jellico. "With unlimited free calls, until first use."
"But first we need a disguise for Freddy."
"I have just the thing," said Mr. Jellico, and he handed Freddy a brown shopping bag.
"For me?" said Freddy apprehensively. "How thoughtful."
He peered inside and saw a hockey outfit, complete with puck, skates, helmet, double-edged hockey stick, and an emergency medical kit with a tube of superglue and a sewing machine.
"We who are about to die, salute you," he said unhappily.
Speaking of shopping bags; while Freddy was girding his loins to do battle with a demented Scot--should anyone ever find such a creature--Allura was girding her loins to do battle with the Manchurian Canard personality.
It was a tough fight. 
The Vikings, recognizing an epic battle when they saw one, followed her from strip mall to shopping mall to open-air market, looking for a way to join in the fun.
Vikings do love their battles, as you know, but it isn't easy taking part in someone's heroic internal struggle.
Especially when the hero in question is shopping for rutabagas. 
Allura had no idea what a rutabaga was, but that didn't stop her buying two dozen of the little beasts and handing the grocery bags to the Vikings.
The next market stall offered kumquats, fresh from the factory.
"You don't need kumquats," said Quaking Aspen. "You need a good sword, a shield, some heavy gold jewelry, some breast plates--"
A look from Allura silence him. She was grinding her beak again, fighting the Manchurian Canard personality.
"Must stop shopping!" she muttered.
Everyone else in the market was shocked and awed.
Here was a mighty person indeed; you could tell by her retinue. An entire hockey team made up of females; other hockey teams made up of Vikings and aliens, and a bodyguard of twelve cold, evil piccolo players. 
Shopkeepers know which side of the butter there bread is on.
The Vikings grew restless and trooped over to a Tim Horton's to stock up on donuts and mead. A brawl soon broke out over who would get the sugar topping and who would get the glazed donuts.
Poplar Leaf and Quaking Aspen had to step in and break it up before the Viking horde was reduced to a token force.
Such is the pernicious influence of video games, turning even mild-mannered Scandinavian agricultural workers and part-time pillagers into savage beasts.
The Vikings paid the Tim Horton's clerk with their credit cards--travel bonus points a feature of every card--and rejoined the conga line behind Allura.
"That woman must be important," said Flavius, the kale salesman. "Look at her retinue! She's got four entire hockey teams following her, and twelve evil piccolo players."
More and more people were drawn to the spectacle as Allura went from stand to stand, passing bag after bag of items to the Vikings.
Niels Nielsen, the Viking god of hammers, peered down from his stack of sacrificial thumbs and contemplated a surgical strike, but the Hippopotamus of Fate stayed his hand.
No one likes a deus ex machina anymore; it ruins the illusion that everything in life is based on logic.
Paparazzi clustered around Allura--and why not? She looked stunning in her little red dress with the slit up the side, her broad-brimmed red hat with the Linux box in the crown, her red, waffle-iron shoes, and her slash of red beakstick.
Soon a Reality TV camera appeared, along with a sadistic MC, and a mob of kibitzers quacking for blood. 
Everyone else motioned them to silence. Allura, after all, was engaged in one of the sacred rituals that underpins all modern societies, and millions wanted to see how she did it.
There's shopping, and there's SHOPPING, as you know. 
The crowd watched her and her entourage like an audience at a golf game. Everyone whispered and talked in low voices.
"Now she's choosing a scarf," said a man in a cashmere motorcycle jacket."
"Look, it's red!" said a woman dressed in three small handkerchiefs.
Allura, meanwhile, raged against the Manchurian Canard personality. She hated shopping; she'd rather be out baying at the moon.
In desperation, she tried once again to reach Philip on the cell phone.
"I'm busy smooching with Josephine," said Philip. "Call again another day."
"That doesn't sound like smooching to me," said Allura. "It sounds like a sledge hammer smashing a metal object. Have  you uploaded yourself into a robot's brain, Philip?"
"That's Josephine smashing our computer. She hates the color blue."
Meanwhile, high overhead, residual haggis was still bouncing around in secondary explosions.
One gobbet punched its way through the fuselage of a passing 747 and shot through a toilet just as a passenger was getting ready to take his rightful place on the throne.
Yes, THAT passenger.
The pilot was flying very high this time, trying to avoid the mysterious plague of McBowel's Inflammable Porridge that had been dogging his flight path for so long now. He kept nervously looking out the window looking for clotted lumps of porridge. 
Which is why he didn't notice the haggis until too late.
The passenger stormed out of the toilet.
"Can't a fellow have a nice sitdown and read the paper without being attacked by porridge shooting up out of the toilet?" he screamed.
"It  wasn't porridge, sir; it was haggis," said a flight attendant. "We insure against porridge now, but not against haggis. Flying haggis is an act of the Supreme Being."
"Well I want my money back, and I want off this plane right now.'
"Please calm down, sir. The pilot is not having fun."
"Fine, fine," said the pilot morosely. "Where would you like to get off?"
"Tewksbury. I'm going to visit a friend; a famous Edwardian poet. He's written a great deal about trams in the rain, but I think it's time he wrote about trench warfare."
And far below, watching the 747, the poor wretches in the trenches could only utter oaths.
"Look at that would you! Toffs in their gilded Zeppelins. So wealthy they don't even need the balloon part, just the cabin thing that hangs below it."
Allura, of course, knew nothing of this; she was too busy having an unsatisfying conversation with Philip.
Suddenly, gobbets of haggis began to fall on the  open market like a clotted brown rain.
"Great Scot!" she said. "It's raining haggis!"
"Be careful," said Philip. "That's fallout from Freddy's barbecue explosion."
"Shouldn't it be over by now? Haggis can't hang around in the sky forever."
"You've heard of the Van Allan radiation belts?"
"Yes, but haggis?"
"All I can say is, anyone planning on zooming off into outer space had better install a good haggis shield, or they'll be gazing out the view screen at it for a long time."
Just then, a flock of birds alighted on the haggis field and began feasting.
"You won't believe this," said Allura, "But we've been rescued by a flock of haggis-eating birds."
"Really?" said Philip. "What sort of birds?"
"Flamingos."
"Pink, are they?"
"Pink."
"Have you been drinking soy milk again, Allura?"
"Look; that one is driving a Zamboni!" yelled Quaking Aspen.
"This better not be vegetarian haggis," said a flamingo.
"What's soy milk?" said Allura. "Is it like Scotch?"
"You aren't croquet players, are you?" said another flamingo.
"I hate croquet," said Allura. 
"I think people who play croquet should be beheaded."
"Hey, would you like to join the Vikings?" said Quaking Aspen.
"Are you having more fun than I am, Allura?" said Philip. "The patient isn't allowed to have more fun than the shrink. It's in the Geneva Convention."
"How long have you hated flamingos, Philip?"
"I'm being stalked by a flamingo, you know," said Philip darkly.
"Maybe it just wants to be friendly."
"Anyone who wants to be friendly with me has to have something wrong with them," said Philip.
"You can say that again!" said Josephine.
Just then, a shopkeeper offered Allura a special deal on a surprise package wrapped in brown  paper. 
Allura shook her head, but the Manchurian Canard personality produced her credit card.
The shopkeeper grinned mysteriously.
Allura had a bad feeling about this....

CHAPTER 179:LOST SHEEP

Allura eyed the package her Manchurian Canard personality had just purchased. Now that the deed was done, she felt  obliged to open it, because she hated waste.
If you kill something, eat it: that was Allura's philosophy.
Lately she'd been killing more vegetables than anything else, but every so often, a spam artist would freeze in her headlights, and then....
She felt the cheap brown paper; then she inspected her credit card bill for clues.
"Thirteen dollars and thirteen cents," she said. "An auspicious sum. I wonder what I just bought."
"How should I know?" said her Manchurian Canard personality. "Ask the shopkeeper."
"Allura would have glared at the MC personality, but it's hard to glare at yourself without a mirror. 
The shopkeeper, meanwhile, had drawn closer, and was rubbing his hands.
Allura turned angrily on him. He was a typical Toronto shopkeeper, with bright, green feathers, a big bill, and an air of unwarranted optimism, mixed with anxiety.
It was the anxiety that tipped Allura off. It was overdone. This was Toronto, after all, where anyone with grit, determination, a good lawyer, a famous accountant, lots of well-placed friends, and a careless investment banker could make a fortune.
There was no need for excessive anxiety in Toronto. 
She looked around for a computer running Macrohard Angst to see if that might be the source of the shopkeeper's worry, but there wasn't a computer in sight.
She looked at the package again.
The label said 'Acme Surprise Package, Patent Pending'.
Below this, her name had been written in thick, purple beakstick.
"If this package was meant for me, how come you charged me thirteen dollars and thirteen cents for it?" she said.
"Customs brokerage and handling," said Loopy promptly. "Besides, I didn't sell it to you; I sold it to someone who looks exactly like you."
Allura reached for her dirk; then she thought better of it. Revenge could wait. If she didn't like her surprise, she could always sacrifice the shopkeeper to Marvin.
Everyone gathered around as she grasped the package. You never know what you're going to get when you open a surprise package--licorice allsorts, chocolate, an unabridged edition of the Golden Bough. 
It couldn't be anything nasty, because no one would be crazy enough to send Allura a stink bomb, or something even worse.
"This better not be a vegetable," said Allura.
"Would I sell a vegetable to a warrior such as you?" said the shopkeeper.
Allura looked into his eyes, first through her own personality, then through the Manichean Canard personality.
"What a big beak you have," she said.
"The better for pecking you, my dear."
It was the wrong answer. With a sudden motion she reached out, grabbed the shopkeepers beak, and gave it a good yank.
"Ouch, ouch, ouch!" said the shopkeeper, as his beak tore away from its Velcro underpinnings. "That's rude!"
"Just as I thought!" said Allura. "You're not a typical Tockworld shopkeeper; you're a human!"
The shopkeeper delicately touched the shreds of Velcro strip on his chin, being careful not to disturb the clearly marked trademark.
"Why were you pretending to be a duck?" said Allura. "Species envy?"
"That really hurt!"
"You deserved it. Tell me why the costume."
"I had to do it," the shopkeeper said resentfully. "Would you trust a human?"
Allura thought about that for a moment.
"Not unless I was holding a dirk at his throat," she said. "Even then, it would be a bit of a risk."
"There you are then!"
"Wait a minute! I know who you are. You aren't a human; you're Loopy, one of Vlod Ironbeak's gangsters."
"Fame at last," said Loopy, unzipping his human costume and revealing a splendid, green alien costume.
"It's an improvement," said Allura. "But it's still not you."
"Vlod made me wear this costume so I wouldn't stick out in a crowd while I was going about his business."
"Speaking of business; aren't you supposed to be watching over Macklin Macklino, making sure he works on the model railroad Vlod wants?"
"Macklin's still in a coma. Do you have any idea how boring it is watching over a fruitcake in a coma?"
"If Vlod finds out you left your post--"
"He'll never know; I left a cardboard cutout in my place. It's actually quite a good one. Besides, aren't you supposed to be watching over Macklin too, making sure he has all of the supplies and loot he needs to build a model railroad that depicts with uncanny accuracy the Robin Hood flour mill and associated Canadian Pacific Railway tracks as they looked on August 23, 1957?"
"He can't build a model railroad when he's in a coma," said Allura.
"I'm surprised Vlod hasn't revived him."
"Vlod has other problems right now--a lovesick penguin, a fifty-foot platypus, ungrateful taxpayers, etc."
"Excuses, excuses."
"Enough small talk," said Allura. "Why did you bring me this package? Is it from Plum? Does he know I'm after him? What's your connection to him?"
"Do you want me to answer all of those questions at the same time, or one after the other?"
Allura produced her dirk.
"I met him when I was still dressed up as an alien," said Loopy hurriedly. "Plum got amorous, so I hit him with my purse. After that we became good friends."
"Aliens have purses?"
"I accessorized my costume."
Allura put on her reading glasses and looked a little more closely at Loopy.
"They don't call me Loopy for nothing," he said, grinning at her. Names make the man." Then he resumed his accustomed expression, a mixture of anxiety and dread. 
"So what are you doing with Plum?"
"Plum is nervous. That's why he signed on as Weather Man to the Elves. The real power behind his throne is someone much more evil."
"So HE says!" snorted Allura. "He's just trying to weasel out of the consequences of his actions. His neighbors probably all say he's a really nice guy; he probably bought a backyard barbecue and a keg of Scotch just to fit in."
"Actually, it's true," said Loopy. "The real villain kidnapped my wife and told me I'd never see her again unless I gave you this package."
"Your wife?" said Allura. "You got married? I thought gangsters just cohabited."
"Hey, we got feelings to, you know," he said, reaching for his wallet. "Here she is in living color. She's beautiful, isn't she!"
Allura peered at the photo. It was sepia toned, with little decorations in the borders.
"You spent a lot of Photoshop time on this, didn't you!" said Allura.
"What's it to you! When you're in love, you don't see the time go by."
"There's something else wrong with this picture."
"Which is?" said Loopy menacingly.
"Your wife is a sheep!"
"Lemme see that!" Loopy snatched the photo away from her and eyed it carefully. 
"You got a problem with sheep?" he said.
"Not as such, but--"
"I got bored so I married a sheep; what's wrong with that?"
"You couldn't have just twiddled your thumbs, or played solitaire or something?"
"I was lonely."
"Have you been seeing Philip Napoleon about this?" said Allura.
"Why would I see him? That's where crazy people go for therapy. Desperate measures and all that."
Allura bridled at this, but she held her tongue.
"Who really told you to give me this package?" she said. "Are you sure it wasn't Plum?"
"Plum? Ha ha ha. He's a softy compared to the real villain."
"And the real villain is?"
"Size Matters. Sima, for short."
There was a collective gasp as the significance of this name sunk in. Actually, it was collective gasp emanating from the male portion of Allura's retinue; not from the females.
The females merely exchanged knowing glances and smirked.
"Mine is quite large," said a Viking.
"Sima told me if I ever wanted to see Boopy again, I'd have to make sure you got this package," said Loopy.
"Boopy?" said a Viking. This was followed by a snigger of laughter from the peanut gallery; then the sound of a brutal crosscheck.
"You must have got it wrong," said Allura. "Females can't be crime lords; they're caring and nurturing. "
Loopy uttered a loud guffaw; then turned as pale as a bleached jockstrap.
"Sorry," he said. "It was nervous laughter--"
"What's the matter with you?" said Allura in a dangerous voice. "You don't think females can be nurturing and caring?"
"Of course they can," said Loopy. 
"Look at me, for instance," said Allura.
Everyone looked at Allura and thought about blood in the snow, etc.
Allura blushed. 
"Okay, so you can't judge females in general by someone like me," she said. "I'm a special case; I admit it. But if I had someone to nurture, I'd nurture him better than anyone else could, and if anyone tried to stop me, I'd--"
"Point taken," said Loopy, who was growing impatient. He really missed his lovely Boopy.
"So, a new villain has challenged me with a surprise package," said Allura. "We'll see about that."
A chill went through the assembled company. Even the Vikings got goose bumps. 
Villains were one thing, but  FEMALE villains locked in mortal combat with female warriors were quite another. Who knew what was in this surprise package! Thoughts of licorice allsorts and of chocolate scattered like butterflies in a hurricane.
The cold, evil piccolo players shuddered. This was more than they'd bargained for.
"Anyway," said Loopy, "Open the package, please."
Allura shook the parcel again. Nothing rattled, nothing ticked. Then she slashed it with her dirk and tore off the wrapping.
Inside, there was a note written on vellum in scarlet beakstick. 
"Do you want to know who you are?"
Allura tossed the note aside impatiently. She wasn't keen on fortune-cookie philosophy puzzles.
Beneath the note was an Athearn HO scale model of a GP9 diesel locomotive, in Canadian Pacific Railway colors, with the good herald--the classic beaver, not the unfortunate experiment in modern industrial design.
Allura gaped at the little model as a flood of memories overwhelmed her.
"I know this toy," she said. "I had one exactly like it when I was a child. This is part of the real me--the Person I Really Am. Sima must know who I am."
Then she spotted another note, wedged into a fold of the paper.
"PS; it's a scale model, NOT a toy."
"Sima told me to tell you there's more where that came from," said Loopy. "If you want to learn who you really are, you have to agree to meet her."
"Where?"
"She'll be in touch."
"I'll meet her."
"Good! Now I'll get my wife back."
"This isn't about your sheep; it's about me."
"You do have a problem with sheep, don't you?"
"No I don't. I don't know anything about sheep."
"Just look at my Boopy! Look at that wonderful smile. She's a very loving sheep. We beguile the long nights with fascinating conversations about the economic implications of open-source software. This is our maid of honor leaping over the wedding cake."
"Wait a minute!" said Allura, examining the photo more closely. "What's this key thing she's holding?"
"What key thing?"
"That one," said Allura, jabbing her thumb at the photo.
Loopy snatched it away from her and held it close to his face.
There was no disputing it; Boopy was holding a key.
"It's a fashion statement," he said.
"No it isn't. She's a clockwork sheep."
"That's nonsense! Clockwork sheep don't know a thing about open source! Besides, they don't have feelings."
"You have to wind her up," insisted Allura.
"That's true of a lot of people, isn't it?"
"If you want any kind of conversation with her, you have to turn her crank."
"Only when she's feeling rundown and depressed. "
"Clockwork sheep don't get depressed."
"Of course they do! You'd get like that too if the other sheep discriminated against you just because you had a whole-body wig and artificial vellum."
"More vellum!" yelled Quaking Aspen.
Loopy whirled on him. "Stay away from my wife, you beast!" Then he broke down in tears. "I miss her, I tell you! I miss my Boopy! She's gone, gone, gone; and all I've got left is this wretched key!"
Weeping, he produced the key Allura had spotted in the photograph. "What good is a key if you don't have someone you can wind up."
"There, there!" said Allura. "We'll find her as soon as we find Sima."
Thus it was, Allura's retinue grew by one as she hastened to wait for a new message from Size Matters.
The Manchurian Canard personality had a bad feeling about this....


CHAPTER 180:THE REPORT CARD

While Allura waited impatiently for a message from SIMA, Merlin and his chums left the Acme Corporation and returned to the Toronto Random School, where they had a nice discussion with Cohen.
Parent-teacher meetings are always civilized and nice, as you know.
Cohen quickly stepped inside a chalk circle while Merlin and his friends examined Arthur's report card.
Outside, on the dangerous school ground, Arthur and his knights were making some improvements to their carnival, drawing up plans for a presidential campaign ride. 
There were various loud noises as his Sea King, version II, crashed again and again, ruthlessly squashing Edwardian.
At length, Edwardian, growing weary of this mistreatment at the hands of his new mistress, retreated to the comparative safety of the parent-teacher meeting.
"That new Sea King seems to be lacking something," said Chester.
"Arthur shouldn't have recycled so many of the original components," said Gracie Mac Homework. "That project is incomplete. He should take it back to the Acme Corporation and work on it."
"Ha!" said Digger. "The day a mine-owning, running dog imperialist plutocrat improves a defective design is the day--"
"He's not a plutocrat; he's a student!" said Gracie.
"Give him time," muttered Digger. "Give him time!"
"It doesn't like me," wailed Edwardian. "To think I gave up my lovely tram in Tewksbury for that larcenous eggbeater!"
"What about the diesel air horn?" said Digger maliciously. "Didn't you cheat on your tram with the air horn, and then cheat on your air horn with the Sea King?"
"That wasn't love," sniffed Edwardian. "It was mechanical engineering."
"Anyway, I think Arthur has lost interest in it," said Neville.
"Typical capitalist," muttered Digger. "Selling flawed merchandise to the masses."
"I don't understand this report card," said Merlin. "There aren't any grades. There aren't any explanatory remarks from the teachers."
"That's because we don't believe in them," said Cohen, stepping closer to the center of his chalk circle.
"It's not a report card if it doesn't have a numerical rating or a letter grade," said Merlin.
"We can put in numbers if you really want them," said Cohen. "Tell me what numbers you'd like."
"It's not up to me," said Merlin. "It's supposed to be a reflection of the student's performance relative to others in his grade."
"Ah," said Cohen, making sure he was positioned in the exact center of the circle. "Competition."
"I knew it," said Digger.
Just then, Sweet Gas lumbered into the room bearing an ornate, lacquered box.
"Aha!" he rumbled. "Look what I found!"
"The missing marks?" said Merlin.
"A new beak?" said Chester.
Sweet Gas carefully set down the box. Then he removed his plastic model of a sheep's innards from his shoulder holster and put that down too.
When he was satisfied everything was in order, he examined the box.
"Maybe there's a better bowel in here," he said.
"Be careful what you wish for," said Digger.
"The sheep's organs don't do anything for me," said Sweet Gas. "I still can't get a date."
"Try Friendster," said Edwardian. "Enormous pile of boulders would like to meet a pocket mountain. Enjoys landslides and earthquakes. Would you like to see my fossils?" 
Sweet Gas ignored this feeble attempt at humor. Carefully, very carefully, he raised the lid of the box.
A foul, sickening aroma wafted across the room, and a bilious gas rose into the air.
"That must be Arthur's marks," said Neville.
"Oh, you!" said Gracie. "What a thing to say about the poor child!"
"Spam!" yelled Digger. "Close the lid. Hurry! Shut it down."
"What is spam?" said Sweet Gas.
"It's raw, unbridled capitalism!" said Digger. "Don't inhale, or you'll never be the same again!"
But it was too late; Sweet Gas had already opened an attachment.
At once, an eerie message formed on the wall, below a picture of Prime Minister Anne of Green Gables. 
Men, is your Johnson a laughing stock? Do you get sand kicked in your face at orgies? Do Women laugh when you present arms?
"Hmmm," said Sweet Gas. "What exactly is a Johnson?"
"No naughty things, please," said Chester, covering his ears. "I gave at the office."
"You have a beak; you don't need naughty things," said Sweet Gas. "I don't even have a Johnson."
"I knew it!" muttered  Digger. "It's the essence of capitalism, fostering unhealthy competition among those among us who happen to be thing-challenged."
"I don't see any signs of competition here," said Merlin. "In fact, I don't see any signs of learning."
"Arthur did make a nice carnival," said Gracie. "Surely that's worth top marks!"
"But he hasn't finished it," said Merlin. "And the new Sea King crashes all the time, just like the old one."
"Well, he is an only child, and he has had an unhappy childhood, torn from his mother's bosom by an evil wizard and brought up by a lot of males who don't know one end of a diaper from another."
"Somebody close that box!" said Digger, making the sign to ward off evil. "If we're not careful, we'll soon find ourselves rushing off to buy Johnson-enhancers ."
"Surely not all of us!" said Gracie.
"Well not me, of course," said Digger. "Mine is quite large."
"Oh, here's the instruction manual," said Sweet Gas. "It shows you how to make it bigger, and how to install a new one, in case of need."
"Someone get that spam away from him," said Digger.
"According to this, it's not the bowel that defines a man, nor even the brain, but the size of the Johnson," said Sweet Gas.
"Lies!" said Digger.
"Great Scott!" said Sweet Gas. "No wonder the sheep's bowel doesn't work."
"Because it's plastic?" said Chester.
"Because it's the wrong attachment," said Sweet Gas. "All this time I've been searching for the wrong attachment. I think I shall begin looking for a Johnson."
"Stop him, somebody!" yelled Digger. "He doesn't understand the power of spam! He has no immunity!"
But it was too late. Sweet Gas had already stepped into the supply cupboard and was searching among the boxes of exercise books and broken hockey sticks for a Johnson.
"Stick to bowels!" yelled Digger. "They're not as temperamental."
"Enough small talk," said Merlin. "I want to see precise mathematical indications of Arthur's rank, along with annotations and descriptive commentary."
"I'm off bowels," said Sweet Gas. "They're too finicky. Put the wrong kind of food in them and you suffer for days."
"Wait until he finds out what a thing does when you really need it!" said Digger.
"As soon as I find a big thing, I'm going to have it installed," said Sweet Gas.
"I didn't know the Spam King was offering the whole tamale," said Neville. "I thought it was just miracle growth."
"This could be worse than Frankenstein," said Digger.
"You mean Frankenstein's monster," said Gracie. "I always wondered about him. Was there a proportional increase in every  aspect of the monster?"
"Good grief!" said Neville, shocked.
"Mere curiosity, my dear," said Gracie, patting him on the tractor tire. "Nothing could challenge my Neville."
"I want a big thing," said Sweet Gas. "I don't want anyone kicking sand in my face at the orgies."
"I'd like to see the fool who'd try that," said Edwardian.
Merlin was perplexed. "I don't understand this report card at all," he said.
Cohen peered out of the chalk circle.
"What's to understand? It's a report card. Arthur wrote it."
"Arthur wrote it?" said Merlin, nearly choking on wrath. "What idiot thought up that procedure?"
"It's self-assessment," said Cohen.
"How can he self assess? He doesn't even know who he is yet; he hasn't slaughtered any enemies."
"I found a recipe," said Sweet Gas, coming out of the closet. "Maybe I can use this to make a big thing."
"Lemme see that," said Edwardian, snatching it out of Sweet Gas's hands. "This isn't a recipe for big things; it's a recipe for gateau!"
"What's wrong with gateau?" said Sweet Gas.
"I'll tell you what's wrong with gateau," said Digger. "Gateau is what the plutocrats hand out to the starving miners when there aren't any platypuses to put in their pots. That's what you do with gateau. It's a sop to the masses."
"What do you need a big thing for anyway?" said Chester. "You can outsource all of that messy stuff and just stay home and watch TV."
"I want to do it myself," said Sweet Gas. "I'm patriotic."
"That just leads to emotions and prenuptial agreements," said Chester. "It's cheaper to outsource everything and just play golf."
"Or you can become an Edwardian poet like Edward and fall in love with a Sea King," said Digger.
"We don't assign marks to our students because it would hurt their feelings," said Cohen. "They'd go out and vandalize things and lead a life of crime."
"Fine, fine!" said Merlin. "Isn't that what corporate executives are SUPPOSED to do?"
"If I had a big thing, all my problems would be solved," said Sweet Gas.
"Trolls don't have problems," said Digger. "People AROUND trolls have problems."
"Oh so!" said Sweet Gas indignantly. "You've never heard of entropy. We're all going to die of it, you know. Uniform thermal dispersion will undo everyone of us. "
"Gasp!" said Chester.
"So how's a big thing going to stop entropy?" said Digger. "You're planning on reverse engineering the universe with it?"
Gracie Mac Homework shook her head. "You shouldn't pay any attention to such nonsense, Sweet Gas. It's not size that matters; it's--"
There was a sudden, expectant silence as every male in the room focused intently on Gracie's words. Here it was at last--the answer to a puzzle more important than the true meaning and purpose of the pyramids. The answer to the question plaguing every male everywhere. What do females really want? The real truth, not the diplomatic one.
Gracie looked around.
"I'm sorry gentlemen," she said. "I was going to tell you what women really want, but I'm not sure that you're mature enough to handle the truth."
"Awww, Gracie!"
Disappointment struck like a bludgeon wrapped in dry ice."
Just then, an alien fell out of a UFO and landed in Arthur's Presidential Campaign Ride.
Neville had a bad feeling about this....
Copyright 2000-2009, Robert Arthur Smith
All rights reserved

