Ten Cents a Dime
By Jack Lane
Copyright 2014 Jack Lane. All rights reserved.
Smashwords Edition
http://www.jacklane.net
Cover design by Ágnes Vitézy
Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
To Ági and Szofi
Table of Contents
Limp
Boner
Props
Yoga
Showdown
AppMan
Carousel
Detour
Delta
Terminal
Limp
The sun appeared to be going down at a visible pace; its reddish glow was frayed by whatever crept into Raymond Corke’s impatient field of vision. With a bloodshot gaze fixed at the world outside, he shuffled around some papers on his desk, like a blind man presented with an insurance policy offer by an unsuspecting, half-witted broker. He worked in the largest cubicle on the floor, which boasted a window and competed in size with the offices occupied by a dwindling number of middle managers, who spent most of the day behind closed doors. They enjoyed a sphere of privacy beyond the reach of open office plan personnel, and had the privilege of receiving guests in their offices, including women who wore heavy lipstick and small handbags. Some of them also received private parcel orders they chose not to receive at home, although this practice was common within the entire corporate hierarchy. The air conditioning vent in the dropped ceiling clickety-clacked over his desk, setting a perpetual rhythm to the agony of a growing workload and the monotony of a stalled promotion. His co-workers unanimously agreed in hearing an occasional, furtive noise above the ceiling, which they blamed on a small furry animal, but no one had ever seen it, and maintenance was unable to track it down.
Raymond’s window overlooked the parking lot of his office building, the adjacent fast food restaurant and a small shingled church, where a congregation of people with thrift-shop wardrobes convened at irregular hours. Their sermons were often interrupted by malfunctioning playback equipment. The only prominent object protruding in the skyline was the city’s water tower and the smokestack of the abandoned PVC factory that had failed to keep up with new environmental standards. He could roughly tell the time by tracing the angle of the chimney’s shadow.
Two beeps signaled the receipt of an email, followed by additional beeps, but he had already turned off the monitor and was determined to stay unplugged. A different beep signaled the receipt of a text message on his phone, which he confirmed by sending the text: “on my way.” He limited phone texting to a minimum; he thought it was a nuisance invented for teenagers to communicate without the risk of adults overhearing their phone conversations. Their fingers moved so fast, as if they were expecting their phones to be confiscated at any moment. Two restaurant workers in glaring orange uniforms carried empty cardboard boxes and threw them on top of the bulging garbage container. A flock of gulls performed patient reconnaissance dives over them, picking up tidbits of leftovers. An SUV and a sedan were moving in the direction of the parking lot’s exit, but they were in each other’s way, and neither was willing to compromise, as if it was rush hour in Lower Manhattan in the rain. The drivers communicated with each other from inside their compartments, motioning with their hands, accidentally turning on the windshield wipers, reluctant to step out into the vapid afternoon heat. His mouth locked into a spasm at the unlikely prospect of these two cars blocking his exit. On an average day, he would not have perceived this to be a mean provocation.
The supervising manager, fifteen years his junior, was peering peskily in his direction from behind a desk. There was nothing on the desk but a monitor and an ornamental bird cast in some heavy metal, with a ridiculously wide wingspan; it was much too large to be a paperweight and too small to adorn a national landmark. His pear-shaped head tilted sideways, as the fattest employee of the company stopped in the open doorway to push buttons on his phone. Raymond was about to stand up and leave, but the manager’s door stayed open and he remained propped against the resolve to supervise. He got up anyway and placed random sheets into his vinyl briefcase, which contained a calculator, old copies of Aviator magazine and a half-eaten peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
“Are you done revising the Puffords proposal? Raymond?”
“I’m basically done. I’ll take it home and come in early tomorrow, and have it ready when you arrive.”
“That’s not a bad idea. But it’s confidential material. I shouldn't be letting you take it off the premises.”
“I’ll keep it hidden in a big pickle jar in the tool shed,” said Raymond.
“Right. You’ll have to schmooze up to the Puffords people more. Take them out bowling or something. We don’t want to lose business. You know I have major responsibility in this.”
“I don’t bowl.”
“It’s never too late to learn. Unless you plan to retire.”
“My plans are on hold.”
“How many years left?”
“Too many to count.”
“For your information, Raymond, I’ve got two fresh graduates on my heels. One’s really stupid and the other one’s a major suck-up, but both would work for peanuts, just to move out of mommy’s house. And one of them’s the sheriff’s nephew. What should I do with them?”
“Tell them to get a PhD. That might keep them busy.”
“I can keep them at arm’s length for a while. Maybe.”
“I appreciate that.”
“Should I really let you leave early?”
“It’s your decision.”
“What if I don't?”
Raymond took abrupt leave from the session of corporate policy enforcement. He took brisk steps toward the stairs, casually waving his hand to colleagues in the smaller cubicles. Some of them waved back to him with rolled up shirtsleeves and expressions of routine boredom. The elevator door opened, so he jumped in and lined up behind two women who specialized in gossip and bucketfuls of cheap perfume. He had never seen them not talking, not even during a minute of silence held for the death of a colleague everyone had liked and held in high regard, who had voluntarily covered for anyone. They eagerly discussed a female co-worker who had a mole in her cleavage and a habit of warming homemade food in the microwave, which left a rank odor lingering for hours.
“Does she think its like sexy? Do men actually get turned on by a wart on her tits? And it seems to be getting bigger.”
“Yeah, I noticed it, too. And that smell, like worn socks from my dog’s mouth. It gives me the gas.”
His eyes followed the digits light up above the door, nudging him forward to the forsaken baseball field, where the others were waiting for him to make the final call. They were a loosely knit team of former classmates, who showed varying degrees of passion for team effort, or simply a need to meet old friends and talk about nothing in particular. Each of them had won some school science fair award, when trips to outer space and moon landings were still a front-page sensation. During the hours after school, volcano eruptions spewed laundry detergent and rockets exploded before take-off. An accident in a garage had left one of them deaf in one ear. The brightest of them had left for college after graduation to become NASA engineers and car designers in Detroit. Some of them returned on holidays with the condescending attitude of people who judged their beginnings as something incidental, which only held them up in their strategic efforts to build illustrious careers. Or they chose never to return. Those who stayed in town became computer repairmen, car mechanics, shopkeepers. They remained enthusiastic about science, but experimentation and numbers in their lives would be confined to periodic trials with alcohol and prescription drugs, and indelible sums in mortgage notices.
The idea of constructing a small blimp was the cuddled brainchild of Raymond—another one of his quirky attempts to somehow break out of the mold and leave a lasting impression, or to at least mark a milestone that only he cared to gauge. He understood the notion of midlife crisis to be more of a symptom similar to weakening vision, which came with age, than an existential threshold; he felt his life to be in crisis since the age of eleven. There were days when nothing, not even his son’s rare visits, could distract him from taking inventory of a life unfulfilled. He would rummage around the scraps of his past, in hope of finding a lost treasure—a rare, limited edition of some object sought by garage sale prospectors, or just a simple clue, the missing piece of a jigsaw puzzle. His son never asked him about anything. Raymond wondered why he hadn’t told him things he thought he should know anyway—things he knew to be true and absolute in everybody’s life. He also wondered whether he would end up talking to himself on a bench about things he wanted to build. The others unanimously approved the project, which he appreciated by tapping into his retirement savings to provide most of the money needed to get Moby up into the air. His wife would not have been appreciative of this financing scheme, so he didn't tell her about it.
Inside his Buick Skylark, he took a swig from the ginger ale bottle stored in the glove compartment. The whiskey was soup warm, but it bolstered his composure and produced a layer of cold sweat, which he found refreshing. His relief was heightened by the cooperating parking gate, which promptly returned his card, saving him a call to the stuttering superintendent. With the windows down, he cruised at a comfortable speed down the road he had taken so many times since he got his driver’s license. He could afford to take long glances sideways because he knew every stop and turn of this route by heart; his hands and feet moved out of reflex.
One late October night, on a date with the local girl of his dreams, he eventually convinced her to blindfold him behind the steering wheel, so he could show off his driving skills. They rammed a newspaper vending machine into the middle of the street and lost two hubcaps, but he managed the feat, and she laughed, kissed and married him. Her laugh had not worn over the decades, but he wasn't convinced it was always sincere. He felt longing appreciation for the landmarks of his past as he drove past them.
The choked howl of a police siren seared through memory lane. Standard law enforcement procedure was accentuated with flashing headlights and a megaphone: “Pull over the vehicle!”
Raymond pulled over. The officer took measured steps toward the Buick and bent down to the window in a pair of outsized Ray-Bans.
“Hi, George.”
“Ray. What a surprise.”
“Anything wrong?”
“You were driving on the dividing line. Taking up two lanes.”
“Was I? It didn't occur to me. I probably couldn’t make up my mind. I actually know the lane I want to take.”
“You want me to quote the specific rule of law you breached?”
“No, I can do without it.”
“Want to take a breathalyzer test?”
“No, I don't think so.”
“What if I have to give you one?”
“You do what you have to do.”
“I won't have to frisk you though.”
“That’s kind of you.”
“I’ll be promoted to the rank of sergeant next month.”
“Congratulations.”
“I'll be taking on more responsibilities.”
“It goes with the job. You’ll have the authority to do something about those bowling pins before they cause an accident.”
The facade of the closed bowling alley on the opposite side of the road showed signs of irreparable wear and tear. The styrofoam pins lay toppled on the roof, waiting to be blown off by a bigger storm, and most of the neon tubes were missing above the entrance. The faded, weather-beaten “Total Makeover! Opening Soon!” sign seemed to put a seal of a permanent shutdown on the place.
“Now correct me if I'm wrong, but you never managed a strike in there. I probably had too many to count. You might even owe me a pitcher of beer after a rematch.”
He had more than one strike, although the scores he reached in his checkered shoes were consistently low. They peaked when he thought girls were watching him. Occasionally he would sneak out the back entrance to throw up excess beer.
“If you just let me move on, George, you can claim that beer on me anytime you’re in the mood,” said Raymond, focusing his stare on things outside of his immediate view.
“All right, Ray. Just put that bottle in the fridge, where it belongs.”
He turned the engine back on and rolled gently along, running a red light at the pace of dreamy oblivion at one of the town’s busiest intersections. He stared at the movie theater where he had fallen asleep during the showing of “Kramer vs. Kramer.” The movie attendant didn't notice his slumped presence between the aisles and locked the doors, so he stayed there eating leftover popcorn until the cleaning staff turned on their vacuum cleaners in the morning. It was converted into a discount furniture store.
Raymond was aware of the pitfalls of these sentimental recollections and their nostalgic allure, but the temptation didn't seem to abate. He was inspired take another gulp from the bottle. Like other times before, he now felt no regrets about the choices he had made in his life and had an intuition that the best or the next best thing in his life was yet to come. The ocean was a half-hour’s drive, too far to see, but he felt swept up by its breeze. It carried the smell of vast open space. Who knows, if everything went according to plan with his biggest project so far, the blimp, he might even buy a small, used fishing vessel and go independent. He would earn a modest but gratifying living by hauling in catch to the shore, without meddling bureaucrats breathing down his neck, ready to stab him in the back at the first convenient moment, with a forty-page contract they can always lean back on. Because Raymond shared the common belief that plans are just scraps of paper and amount to nothing if they cannot be turned into something real, and if you can make something work in mid-air, it shouldn't be that big a challenge to make things work on the ground.
Just a few hundred yards before his destination, he turned onto the winding service road of a sparsely occupied industrial park, stirring up a trail of dust. The site had been originally owned by a company that made prefabricated swimming pools; it provided him a summer job during his years in college. The baseball field had functioned as the company’s recreational grounds, where weekend family cook-outs and sports contests were held for employees and for anyone who cared to join. Raymond had had a miserable batting average, but he managed to strike out his boss once in humiliating fashion. The boss—who lost his balance, dislocated a shoulder and sent the bat flying to unprecedented heights, smashing into a windshield—congratulated him with a firm handshake and pats on the back. People now took offense at being beaten to a parking space on Sundays.
He was averse to petty conflicts, especially those with strangers, with whom he had nothing in common. Raymond had become stubborn in his choice of friends; he put his trust into people he had known for at least a decade, or people who knew others he had known so long. He reassured them of his unconditional support. He’d been shortchanged now and then, but his generosity paid off because he was spared a wretched life of suspicion and mistrust, and regrets about bad choices.
The evergreens at the site had grown several stories high since those ball games, attracting generations of squirrels. Raymond had to swerve the car to avoid running over one of them. He breathed a sigh of relief and took pride in his fast response. If it was a sign, however symbolic, of his ability to adapt to the accelerating pace of the world, and to clear the lurking hurdles, he felt optimistic.
But as he neared the end of the road, he felt the blood drain from his system. A numbing sense of betrayal and disgust overcame him, as he parked the car at the visitor dugout. The sprawling wreckage before him was an exhibit of something that had gone awfully wrong. Moby lay in deflated ruin, resembling a collapsed beer tent. They hadn’t waited for him to set up the first unmanned test flight, as they had agreed. They had been over-eager and got carried away with childish impatience. And now they just stood there: one of them was staring at the ground at third base, while another was prospecting the empty sky in deep left field. Others were taking cover in the shadow of the rickety bleachers. The home plate was empty. It could have been the bottom of the tenth, with the other team and everybody else having already left, yet they kept standing there, with expressions of regret and confusion, as if they were waiting for the coach to come up to the mound and give them instructions any moment on how to proceed and fix this mess. Something inside the wreck gave in, giving off the noise of a final collapse. He stepped out of the car, walked up to the remains and gave it a forceful kick. He limped back with fury to the car, kicked the front fender of the Skylark and got back inside to watch the sliver of the sun go down.
Boner
Amy Gruber was staring out the bus window, studying the pedestrians on the sidewalk. She played with the idea of making up their personal histories and figuring out the fate that will befall them before dusk settled and dimmed their figures.
A guy wearing a hoodie over another hoodie had something bulging below his waistline. Was it a gun? Was he going to rob a liquor store? Has he done it already? A place called “Joe’s Deli” was “closed until further notice.” Was it closed for breaking food safety and hygiene regulations? Or did the owner gamble the revenues away? Was someone in the family suffering from terminal cancer? A very attractive woman in her early thirties was jogging with a phone strapped to her arm and a disobedient dog pulling in all directions. Was she capable of having a solid relationship with someone? Would she insist on having an obedient partner, as opposed to the dog? A man in his forties or fifties—it was hard to tell—was wearing an expensive looking suit, and had an unusually dark tan for the season. Did he visit a tanning salon, or have a weekend home in Miami? Was he gay? Could these two ever hook up with each other by chance? Would they go so far as to have consensual S&M, or invite each other to a big family Thanksgiving dinner in the first month of their relationship?
The essentials of good fiction were within her reach, on the street; they came in all colors, shapes and sizes, snowballing into a bombardment of her senses. She had decided to stay alert at all times on even weeks, and consciously observe the world around her, down to the last pair of cufflinks and the contorted face of someone stepping onto a soft object on the zebra. On odd weeks she would deliberately ignore everything, stare at bare walls and people’s nostrils, and let her subconscious filter her earlier observations and memories by relevance in autopilot mode. A published author had done this, and his sales suggested this was a successful technique for maturing the art of writing. But there was not enough congestion on the road to slow the bus down, to allow her to draw up a storyboard. She had the oppressive feeling of loading and unloading empty boxes in the warehouse of her imagination, where the assembly line of the narrative moved too fast to allow her to fill the boxes with character and plot. She had the suspicion that the world was made to appear faster than it really was. Someone had recently told her that she should spend less time tweeting about anything and everything, and focus more on one particular thing for a book with a good story. Amy thought that a seasonal move to a farm or a creative writers’ colony with only her MacBook and no other distractions might do her good.
As she tackled these exercises, she almost missed her bus stop. She was hoping that a regularly trained imagination would strengthen her creative energies and advance her career as a writer. Despite relentless competition from her peers, established professionals and even from stay-at-home moms, her labors were paying off. A few weeks earlier, her life took a very fortunate turn: By successfully responding to a magazine ad, she was chosen from among dozens of candidates to ghostwrite a memoir. She entered into a lucrative engagement that almost fully financed her post-graduate degree in creative writing.
Motivated by a generous advance resting on her bank account and the tangible progress made with the book, Amy approached the opulent townhouse of her client, Bill Cullows, with ambivalent feelings of confidence and hesitancy. The entrance was flanked by two stone lions; it was barely noticeable, but the sculptor had completely forgotten about their tongues. This was an amusing but trivial aesthetic flaw, as they only served as gatekeepers for the stories told by the master of the house. On every occasion she stroked the left lion’s nose out of superstition, to wish herself luck. She needed it because her client had the disposition of an old amphibious, overweight stingray.
Cullows had a massive head; the remaining strands of hair on the sides were shaped into waves resembling a swarm of gray cloud orbiting a barren mountaintop, like hairdo worn by conductors of renowned symphony orchestras, who feel entitled to make such extravagant physical statements. With three divorces behind him, he had the means and know-how to seal a fourth one, but also the dawning wisdom to avoid the marital statistics of Zsa Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor. He had retired from the high-end prosthesis company he had built into a powerhouse in the private health sector. Professional and financial ambitions were waning and taken over by golf and spells of compassion, which included plans for exporting cheap prostheses to war zones in third world countries.
He could afford to self-publish the book in hardcover, to even buy blurbs from reputable authors, but he was committed to writing a “hip” life story that would resonate with publishers and a wider audience, offering glimpses into the highs and lows in the life of a successful businessman and a passionate sucker for women. Most of all, he wanted to set the record straight.
They held two sessions a week—a combination of recorded interviews, photo album sampling and Amy’s reading of draft chapters out loud. His comments and criticism were usually limited to brief remarks: “sweet,” “epic” or “flimsy.” When he challenged certain details of events with the question, “Did I say that?”, it was either followed by “on the mark” or “bullshit.” His interruptions of drawn out, silent ruminations would be a sign of reckoning with details of his past that could possibly compromise his integrity. These details were harmless and flattering if he had his eyes closed. During the meetings he would rhythmically juggle an unlit cigar with his fingers, and play Bartók, Miles Davis and early Elton John in the background. Sometimes she would have to raise her voice above the trumpet blasts and the frenzy of violins and pianos.
“Great to see you, Amy. What have you been up to?” His voice—not unfriendly, but demanding in tone––greeted her from his leather armchair in the parlor. The spacious room that served as the setting for their work was wrapped in the dark tones of heavy fabrics and polished exotic wood, with rows of neatly stacked books, in the permanent air of stale cigar smoke. It was lit by a small lamp mounted above a black and white movie poster of the Last Tango in Paris. Whether by chance or design, the abundance of memorabilia—statuettes, a Kendo mask, ballet slippers from the Bolshoi, a seven foot long didgeridoo and other collectibles from around the world—seemed to somehow resist an inevitable display of kitsch.
“I revised the parts on your wife, as you asked me to, Mr. Cullows,” she said, with a steeply rising inflection, perhaps in doubt as to whether her employer would put on that Kendo mask and beat her to a bloody pulp with the fireplace poker, were he dissatisfied with the new version of the chapter.
“Well, did you?” he responded and gulped down two fingers of bourbon.
Amy suddenly felt herself at the bottom of an uphill battle, and was concerned that his mood and opinion of her work may sway in the wrong direction and even threaten her contract. He had the option to terminate the contract for any reason, without compensation. He had been capricious lately, and persistently meddled with sections relating to his second wife, Jean. It was his shortest marriage, spanning a tumultuous period of just over a year, marked by incessant argument interrupted with sex. Seated on the sofa, determined to dispel any doubts he may have about her skills, she opened her laptop and began to read.
“ ‘When he first saw Jean on the tennis court, he had an instinctive sense that fate was about to happen. Here was this cunning hippie in disguise: an overeducated bombshell about to explode in his life. His unreturnable aces would be shot back at him with vicious speed—the ball landing on the extreme edge of the line, just shy of a beeping fault …’ ” He insisted on third-person singular narration.
“There were no beeping signals back then, Amy,” he interrupted.
“Oh, sorry.” Her face flushed, matching the color of the Ferrari Formula One race suit of Niki Lauda framed above her on the wall. She was glad he didn't exhibit the racer’s roasted scalp on a crystal ball.
“But shouldn't we end this part with her winning the match with 40 love, and the score maybe symbolizing the overall relationship. I think there’s a sexy photo of her in a tennis outfit we could use.”
“She never beat me in tennis. She came close, but I always won. We don't have to write that down, but we shouldn't write the opposite, either, because it wouldn’t ring true,” he argued in the pedantic tone of an upset dodgeball player summoned to the principal’s office after recess.
“But you did say that she left you.” Amy’s confidence grew with her hardening refusal to assume the role of a dictaphone. So many of the memoirs she had read in preparation for this job were one-sided testimonials.
“That’s true, I did say that. But I knew what her problem was. She was afraid of staying happy. That’s why she went to extremes.”
“So maybe we could make her a metaphor in the book for something that escaped you,” she proposed. The book needed more conflict. Some kind of tug of war. So far, he had steered clear of the malicious schemes of others with the timidity of an orphaned bunny rabbit, waving a white flag, offered to donate any of his vital organs to those in need and won gold medals in disciplines no one had ever heard of. She wanted to see some scars. Blood.
“I’m thinking, why not show some raw flesh. I don't mean the bed scenes, because we’ll have many of those to choose from, but in terms of being stripped down to the essentials, like imperfections and vulnerability. It would give a stronger contrast to your success overall.” A longer pause of silence followed.
“This may sound strange to you, Amy, but in my heyday there was simply no time to be imperfect. Had I spent so much time poking at tiny screens like your generation does, I would still be selling hot dogs from a cart without enough money to treat my varicose veins from all that standing, or to marry a woman who didn't look like something offered by the Salvation Army with free home delivery.”
“I realize that, but since we agreed that the book would want to read like a novel with some turmoil and catharsis, I think we should take in some blows and punches, even if some of them are aimed below your belt,” she argued.
She had come to realize that to achieve this, she would have to let him have the last word and lure him into thinking he won every argument, with no strings attached. He was the heavyweight in the ring of the narrative, calling the shots, moving about with the agility of a retired professional wrestler making a gala comeback—on the assault, cushioned by eighty extra pounds and the privilege of belly-flopping on anyone without the threat of penalty points.
“I definitely think your readers would appreciate some suffering on your part,” she continued. This sounded like an ultimatum from her.
“My wives have been very generous with the amount of suffering given to me,” he cut in. “We don’t want the book to sound like an elegy to Princess Diana.”
“Because it would give your story extra credibility. Nobody’s perfect. She wasn’t, either.” Amy feared his backlash.
“Never mind, just jump to the part on the beach.” He refilled his glass with bourbon. Amy wanted some of that bourbon, but it was an impossibility. He would have kept refilling her glass.
“In Barbados?”
“On the Riviera. France. Is this a new sweater you have on? Looks good on you.” He beamed straight at her breasts.
“Thank you. Actually, no, I’ve had this for a while.” She regretted the sweater. It was too tight. And the skirt was too short.
“Nice outfit. Really nice. Reminds me of my youth.” To her relief, his eyes had wandered to the wall-mounted fiberglass sculpture: a contemporary rendering of Botticelli’s Venus in the garb of a Betty Page pin-up.
“Oh. How so?”
“She comes back in my dreams. And I wake up in sweat, exhausted, short of breath.”
“Okay. The Riviera.” Her fingers fumbled nervously, trying to find traction with the keyboard and the flow of the story.
“ ‘At last, after the rainy days in Paris, with endless raindrops pecking at the cobblestones, where Jean’s upset stomach kept them under house arrest in a classy suite of the Hotel de Pompadour, after she had eaten too many oyster cakes in a cozy, romantic bistro off the Champs-Élysées, and ran up the hotel bill by wrecking some furniture in the room, like a caged femme fatale in heat, they were now happy-go-lucky lovebirds, massaging each other with tanning oil in the sensual sands of the Côte d’Azur. Bill got a call from his secretary in New York about the contract the Germans were eager to sign that week. He told her they’ll just have to wait another week, or as long as it takes for him to resolve the urgent affairs of his heart.’ ”
“Actually, the Germans and the Swedes both wanted to sign,” he noted.
“Right,” she said and typed some text. She didn’t ask about any details, fearing another one of his long, boring accounts of his corporate flair.
“Let’s move on to the taxi ride. Don’t forget, Amy, it’s a turning point in our relationship. Anyway, you’ve got to make this come through with some panache. Try to imagine you’re there, sitting next to the taxi driver and looking into the rearview mirror,” he explained.
She continued reading, making a mental note of the mirror.
“ ‘They sat silently in the backseat of the taxi, as they headed toward the airport. He rolled down the window to clear his head with sea breeze from the night before, when they gambled away a smaller fortune at the casino, and then made passionate love on the beach: the best remedy against financial calamity. Jean stared out the window, watching the waves wash the beach and the seagulls glide effortlessly above the surf. She was wearing the white chiffon dress they bought in Paris, which extravagantly contrasted with her bronze tan …’ ”
“It was a sexy, low-cut dress,” Cullows butted in.
“Okay. ‘… which sexily contrasted with her bronze tan. It was to be their last ride in a taxi together. They would hate to admit it, like a politician with an extramarital affair and a Swiss bank account, but the trials and tribulations took a toll on them. She told him to stay in the taxi at the airport terminal entrance, leaving him behind with a creeping vision of himself, alone in the cold of winter to come, and an evaporating scent of the azure sea, in which he willingly drowned.’ ”
“Good, but the last bit sounds a little apocalyptic. I was desperate, for sure, but life goes on. Things suddenly change in a flash, and this wasn’t different in that situation,” he said.
“Should we weave in some vision of the future, like you’re watching her plane take off, then you glance at the departure board and randomly choose a destination?” she asked.
“No, just end the paragraph with ‘leaving him behind with a boner.’ Period.”
“Full stop? That’s it?”
“Yes, that’s all.”
Props
A gleaming fire engine was parking perfectly parallel to the curb, leaving ample space for accessing private driveways. There was no smoke or commotion normally associated with an emergency—no wriggling fire hoses or curious crowds anchored to a sight of unfolding devastation. It was quiet enough to yell in whispers. A sole fireman was standing on a propped ladder, reaching out in an act of friendly persuasion to bring down a discouraged cat or bird, or someone else, from behind the cover of thick foliage.
This lush American suburb, abundant in Burgundy red maples and glazed with jet-black asphalt, smooth and wide enough to stage an IndyCar race, drawn in an intricate maze of Chestnut, Oak and Pine Lanes and other tranquil vegetation, shielded by a security gate or simply by the inherent values and upscale prosperity of the people living there, resembled the manicured landscape of a model terrain on a tabletop. From a higher elevation it showed a conscious lack of McMansions and other signs of vulgar excess. It whetted an appetite for the really good life, like a menu of haute cuisine served in cultivated proportions, which gives a feeling of wholesome satisfaction that resists the temptation to want more and tip over into a gluttonous bloat from an all-you-can-eat buffet.
Like the dedicated modeler, who methodically applies tweezers to create and oversee his miniature world, the hands that shape such a neighborhood seem to be taking painstaking care in a higher order of things, because flaws are hard to find. A half-deflated backyard pool, with a murky mixture of putrid water and fallen leaves, or a shouting match escaping through an open window may taint this picture, but it is a setting that seems to absorb the harsher realities and emanate instead an atmosphere of calm continuity. There is room for the accommodation of all things. There is room for a concert piano in the living room and for a lawn tractor in the garage, which are always available as diversions. There is also room for a gazebo outside and a walk-in wardrobe inside—places to go when uninvited distractions find us at the piano or on the tractor. The walk-in size refrigerators can store all the goodies we may crave if all else fails to keep us busy at home.
As seen on TV by tens of millions of viewers in and outside of America in sitcoms and thrillers, who watch the settings of episodes with admiration and envy, it is a sight to behold, regardless of the plot, the laughs and the blood.
“O.K., everybody, first let’s gather in front of the mantelpiece, while the crew sets up the gear!” said Kate Lapham, lawyer, wife and mother, living in the whitewashed colonial on Squirrel Drive.
Just moments ago she had disposed of her pruning shears with a nimble maneuver, thrown off her gardening gloves and apron, revealing upbeat elegance and freshly sculpted hair, and firmly motioned the crew toward the front door. She was pretty, and time seemed to work in favor of her looks, but it was hard to tell if she was aware or proud of it. Other things were preoccupying her.
“If you don’t mind, Mrs. Lapham, …”
“Kate. Just Kate.”
“Kate, why don’t we begin with what we call a reality-documentary session, where everybody goes about their ordinary business, and we document events as they happen in real time. And then we can do some stills, when we’ve chilled out a little,” suggested Chaz, the photographer of weddings, families and discreetly commemorated funerals.
On the previous day he received an agitated call from a woman who wanted him to “bring his studio and crew” and shoot pictures of her home for a “premium album.” She insisted that he repeat her instructions over the phone as confirmation of her project’s specifics. He was initially hesitant about the job, because customers with too many incompetent instructions tended to blame the photographer for the results and demanded a rebate. They were disappointed with the way they looked, ignorant of the fact that some of them looked mean, stupid or embarrassing on every single picture. But she was neither. In fact, she was very photogenic: a Generation Xer looking bipolar enough in the flimsy, tabloid sense of the term to appear equally good on the cover of Cosmopolitan, Rolling Stone or Planet Laundry.
“What do you mean by chilled out? Are we acting nervous, like we’re in front of a firing squad?” she asked.
“Oh, no, not at all! It’s just routine that we would let things mellow a little beforehand, so you’re comfortable with your moves in front of a camera, and there’s no clunky stiffness to the pictures, you know, like in an ad for industrial glue,” he explained. His comparison may have been too strong. He should’ve said something to the effect of group portrait of a board of directors.
“If we were to do our ordinary business, I'm afraid you’d have a lot of photoshopping to do. I’ve seen a lot of stock photography, and some of those people look so mellow, like they’re on medication. Completely out of context.” She wasn’t sure if the photographer understood what she meant.
“I perfectly agree with you, Kate, that’s why we shouldn't rush things, and let the naturalness come through. If that’s O.K. with you.”
“Well, I guess we could give it a go, just don’t take any pictures of the curtains in the dining room or of me from behind,” she ordered.
“Imagine we’re not even here or that we’re just ordinary plumbers looking for a hidden leak,” said Bert, the assistant to the photographer, improvised as his substitute on short notice. Bert’s contribution to the conversation drew silent stares from everybody.
He lived in the building where Chaz had his studio, and hung around the halls all day with a toolbox. He wasn’t hired by the landlord or by anyone else, but accepted tips from tenants for the few minor repairs he managed to accomplish. He gripped a studio light umbrella in one hand and a plastic bag in the other, which stored a tuna sandwich. The odor of the sandwich slowly permeated the interior of the house.
Kate called up to her husband, who was employed by the city’s urban planning department. He came downstairs in a business suit, with a red blotch on his belly.
“Jim, you’ve got a huge stain on your shirt,” she said with open disdain.
“Oh, you’re right. It must be tomato juice.”
“Since when do you drink tomato juice? Never mind, just go back up and change it.” With hands on the hips, she remained steadfast, assured that the unwritten choreography for the occasion would be performed without a hitch.
They were joined by two tweenagers, Tommy and Melinda, who were disengaged from their iPads and focused their attention to Bert’s chest, which was heaving a pair of large breasts under a flannel shirt.
“Mom, that guy’s tits are bigger than yours.” Her son sincerely tried to keep his voice down, but he failed.
“Tommy, quit acting silly or we’ll have pictures of you upstairs doing your math homework!” Her voice seesawed with a melody in an attempt to draw attention away from him. Bert felt the pressure, so he crossed his arms across his chest in self-defense.
The husband descended the stairs again in the same suit; his soiled shirt was replaced with a faded Star Wars T-shirt that was at least one size too small—possibly a relic from the past.
“Sorry, everybody. All my nice shirts are either in the machine or just too wrinkled.”
His wife beamed a thousand-yard stare in his direction—the kind she would use against opponents in the courtroom. She aimed it at unsuspecting jurors, who would initially feel uncomfortable from the look on her face, then become flushed with an upsetting suspicion that they committed some crime they had not been aware of.
Meanwhile, the kids were seized by uncontrollable laughter on the sofa, which was gladly captured by the photographer.
“Great, guys!” he exclaimed with encouragement and fired away with accompanying flashes. “Let’s see mom and dad join in the fun! We’re on to something here!” He was relieved to see that the ice had broken, because some families required endless instructions on every move they should make, and even those they couldn’t remember.
Their father approached the sofa with exaggerated, hurried movements, occasionally making clownish poses for the camera.
“Yeah, let me in on the fun! What’s this all about?” he asked, picking up the rhythm of the laughter. He snatched his son’s iPad to see the source of their amusement.
“What’s so funny?” Kate asked in a distant tone, still facing the mantelpiece. The charred logs in the fireplace were glowing too hot for the season.
“Our kids are showing the first signs of prepube perversion,” he answered. “They’re googling male boobs on the net.” He buttoned his jacket.
“What’s so fucking funny?!” she yelled, turning sideways. She was taken aback by her piercing tone and the vacuum of the sudden, eerie silence that followed. But the impulse kept a grip on her. “In case you forgot, people, the bank’s not in such a funny mood, so we can all move out and celebrate Christmas next to plumbers and Wal-Mart workers, and all you can do is laugh? Well, ha-ha-ha! Maybe mommy’s not quote-unquote leaning in enough and daddy shouldn't be buying five thousand dollar mountain bikes and gallons of Dolce Gabbana aftershave. You tell me!”
She regretted the length of her outburst; she should have cut it short with just a few cuss words or gone further with a drawn-out closing argument, which spared nothing even remotely responsible for her troubles, declaring a guilty verdict not subject to appeal.
Kate took lonely steps to the mantelpiece with a halo of dignity in the face of undeserved insult, and studied the photo display, as if it were on exhibition for the first time. There was a picture of her and Jim on a cruise ship—their hair flapping in the wind, with an expression of care-free exuberance on their sunlit faces. The pictures of the kids showed them in softball games and drama classes, receiving a trophy or medal, or simply as themselves. A black and white portrait of her father in a Navy uniform, taken after his service in Korea, revealed the same contours of his daughter’s smile. She almost smiled back at him to assert the resemblance. A snapshot showed her mother lifting her onto the branch of a blossoming cherry tree, with her older brother whimpering into the camera with a slingshot in his hand. Later in his life, her father would blow his brains out. It happened on the day Jacqueline Kennedy died. His family insisted it was an accident—their argument fueled by Kate’s fresh legal vigor—and the authorities eventually obliged because they didn't find a suicide note.
She held nothing against him—not his death, not the impassive, adult tone he had always used with her, which he directed at his friends who came over for dinner to their house and at strangers who worked at airports, or his clumsy efforts to conceal his affairs from his family. “Heck, maybe you shouldn't backtrack on your opinion, Katie love, and hold others accountable if they promised to come to your fifth birthday party.” She had felt unconditional affection for him as a child, and later looked up to him because he was living proof that the accomplishment of success could evolve in a casual, matter-of-fact sort of way, without dark rings around the eyes, wet armpits or late hours at the office. When he came home from work, his suit never revealed any creases and his aftershave’s scent did not mingle with the smell of cafeteria lunch or bars men would go to after work. It created a pleasant blend with tobacco smoke—a smell she would conjure when things around her seemed to fall apart. But things had never seemed so shakable, as they did now. There was no fine print in the preamble of her life, which offered her recourse to remedies without onerous consequences. They had taken trips to Europe and to Disneyland and Disneyworld. And they came home to a house that was big enough to play hide-and-seek, with infinite nooks and crannies, and dark places only visiting children would find scary. It even had a roundabout driveway, where she learned to ride the bicycle. She would go round in endless loops in the dark of winter, feeling exhausted and dizzy only after her second cup of hot chocolate.
“Kate, we could do this another time,” Chaz proposed. He was not new to arguments during shoots. Some of them ended in physical confrontations. People insisted on showing their best side, which wasn't always there, regardless of the lighting and the choice of lenses.
“What?”
“We’ll come back when it’s more convenient.”
“No.”
“Actually, there’s a friend of mine who’s doing a multimedia documentary thing for the Times on the recession. Maybe we could use some of these pics and add some text to make an interesting narrative,” he said. “But it’s not something we have to do.” Chaz became excited at the prospect of getting some premium exposure.
“Sure. Why not just put us on a billboard in Times Square?” she said.
“Sorry, that was a stupid idea,” he said. He wondered how much to charge if this was going to be it.
“How about we do a photo shoot of me stripping upstairs in the bedroom? Or the laundry room?” she said with a foolish grin. “Mom’s MILF album? Limited edition.”
Bert suddenly felt excited and aroused. He fidgeted a few inches forward, then back, impatiently awaiting a cue. He knocked down a tripod, which toppled a vase.
“Never mind,” she said. “I need some fresh air. Come along.” Kate beckoned to the photographer.
Everybody else stayed inside, not sure of what to do. The two of them walked to the back of the house, where gathering wind sent ripples across an artificial pond. Despite its size, it blended well into the scenery; a gliding swan would have been a surprising sight, but not out of place. Inspired by the artistic power of still lifes, Chaz squatted down to focus his lens on the water and the algae that engulfed the armrest of a picnic chair. He found the cracked case of a phone at the edge of some shrubs; spiders had moved into it in the company of their cocoons. Kate walked into the sunroom that served as her pottery studio. While others bought gym passes and took tango lessons, she would squeeze and pummel clay into jugs and mugs. There were figurines on the shelf that were feeble attempts at modeling Looney Tunes characters. And there were abstract pieces that evoked a cross-over of Henry Moore and kitchen appliances. The room looked like a roadside souvenir shop in Central America.
Without much ado, she picked up moist pieces of clay and began a silent round-trip between the pond and the sunroom, dumping chunks and half-finished works into the water. When she finished disposing of those pieces, she turned her attention to finished works, which smashed to smithereens. In an effort to trade quality for quantity, Kate tried to lift a large bag of fresh clay, but gave up after the third try. Her stockings were torn and a gash ran across her forearm. Nearing the end of her exhausting exercise, she staggered back to the pond, without shying away from or dispelling the eye of the camera. Thick streaks of gray mud—some of it drying in cracks—ran across her face: war paint or camouflage, depending on the battle she was waging. The others in the house stared in silence from the kitchen window. Only her daughter cried, shedding a more bitter flow of tears every time her mother appeared in her view. She took a few wobbly steps forward, stopped in her tracks, then resumed her march until she reached the photographer. She stretched her neck toward the camera, parting her lips to breathe or say something, and stared straight into the lens.
Yoga
Hi everybody, it’s me again! Sorry for being late with my update but I had like a zillion things to do. I was out shopping for a pair of Louboutins and a Prada bag to go with it, but I had to find my lost VIP pass to New York Fashion Week. Not! The joke’s on me. But I'm back and it feels good to be here. I missed you guys. It’s funny that some of us we’re thousands of miles apart but I can feel your virtual hugs and hope you feel mine. Maybe like once a year we could meet up physically somewhere. The Ritz in Paris? I can't believe we’ve gotten so international over time, even as far as Osaka and Calcutta. Hanako, many thanks for sharing those pictures of your indoor mat arrangements, because I know very well what an important role mats play in Japanese culture. And the same goes to Chawputree for posting pics of all those many spices and your big family. Your kids must be really happy about having so many nice grandparents! You can't see it, but it’s taking me longer to type because I have a Band Aid on my index finger. I pricked it with the needle when I was about to finish the last, yes, the very last! row of our Dick Van Dyke patchwork quilt for Granma’s birthday. Hurray! She adores him and it’s really easy to fix some pictures onto the quilt with an iron. Little Ruby’s really excited about it, wants to use it as a flying carpet Aladdin style. She’s really in love with the movie, watched it again four times yesterday (once with me), then literally passed out exhausted over the second jumbo Oreo shake, spilling it on the … you can guess. And then Buffy came in from the rain, shook her fur and thought the quilt was a new version of Twister :-/. By the time I put everything and everybody where they belong, I also passed out. My astrologer recommended a glass of very light Chardonnay for a nightcap to keep the bogeyman away. There’s Xanax in the cabinet but I don’t touch it. I don’t even remember how it got there in the first place.
But what better way to energize yourself for the week than get healthily sizzled in a Bikram yoga session, which is what I did today: The Heat (Was) Is On: “Oh wo ho, oh wo ho!” Remember Glenn Frey? When I crank it up in the car I get into a time warp! After a week of humble begging, my Hubby finally got my iPod hooked up to the radio. How does time fly by so fast? It seems like only yesterday, when I’m there with my stone age Walkman listening to the song, opening my high school locker (spoiler alert: Simon Le Bon poster inside), like a vault of memories. “When the past no longer illuminates the future, the spirit walks in darkness.” (Alexis de Tocqueville) I couldn't believe I found out the other day from a friend on Facebook that I’ve known for ages that two of my former classmates were in Cincinnati (both for the first time) only a street block apart and they didn't know about each other being there. One of them went for a job interview and got hired (way to go!), but the other got hit by one of those insane bike messenger guys. It’s unbelievably sad and she’s apparently paralyzed from the waist up. Isn’t this creepy??? Talk about Karma. God, I just hope she’ll be able to at least walk somehow. The class’s prayers go out to her and her family.
Anyway, I got mentally maxed and tried to reduce the zillion things to only a “million” in my head, but guess what? No go. And I even strained a tendon in my leg on my new mat, which I don’t normally do. There was simply too much interference. I was never a math genius but I think what it really comes down to is simple adding and subtracting and not the difficult equations the bearded geeks slave over until they use up all the chalk in front of the blackboard. When you are born, you get a plus sign, when you die, you get a minus sign. It’s the same with money: you win some and you lose some. This shouldn't be all that complicated. Right? I swear, many people probably die only because they overcomplicate things. With all these breakthroughs in medicine (Close your eyes, Judy, Rated R: face transplants / Freddy + Jason are on top of my list for this cure!) There should be an anti-complication pill! Any votes?
My yoga instructor (yes, Megan, he still needs to shave twice a day :-)) was not exactly the rock of calm this time, and he actually raised his voice at a yogi behind me, who brought in his phone (absolutely NO-NO!) and it rang with a bang. You should have seen some of the yoginis’ stares. I brought along my artisan incense to share, but we eventually had to put it out because some of us got sneezing fits :-(. But he congratulated me for my concentration and determination and gave me special permission to bring in my iPhone with me because my mother’s ill and she may need my help at any time, so I'm on emergency stand-by.
Poor Mom: she just had her ovaries removed on Thursday, and for some reason her hearing got much worse (the doctor says it’s only temporary), but she’s hanging in there. She’s a strong woman and she’s still got some homers to bat out of the ballpark. I think Dad is too preoccupied with his prostate and asks for more check-ups than he really needs, even though he should now be focusing on Mom’s healing. My sister, like always, is never around when help is needed. She’s taking her n-th graduate course that rhymes with something like autopsy and she dumped a very sincere and handsome guy (youngest lawyer ever to be promoted to partner at Pitz, Flake and Schlumper) that would literally bring down the stars for her (he has Clooney’s chin and the charm of a six star general at the annual Military Ball). She wanted to pass on his diamond engagement ring to me but I declined, of course. FYI: she didn’t decline his invitation to a Caribbean cruise. She instead moved in with some Russian of Cuban descent in San José who organizes foreign elite circus artists to come to America, but actually imports some cheap vacuum bags from eastern Europe, because I did a little background check on him—Don’t rest your laurels, Penelope Garcia!—and his supposed company on the net. He-llo?! If she doesn’t at least send a get-well card to Mom, I’ll have that ring, thank you. She was never a Sister Christian, finds baby diapers disgusting, so who’ll be changing (voluntarily and willingly, I should add) Mom’s and Dad’s diapers, when the time comes? Zennnn … And I'll do that for them even though Mom always seemed to take sides with my sister, who couldn't give a shit about anything. I remember she came home late one evening reeking of smoke and beer, and all Mom could say to me was that “At least she’s honest about it, not the way you’re hiding those Hershey bars in your drawer.” I bought those with the pocket money I earned doing all my chores on time. Whatever.
As a disciple of the mantra, who I am, my aura of white noise is cracking (“I think music in itself is healing” Billy Joel), especially when Hubby starts clobbering at the clogged kitchen drainpipe with the hammer (after THREE weeks of me begging him to fix it) after midnight and after finishing off half a box of glazed donuts and wakes up the kids. (Trisha, I emailed you the link to the Dune Sphere white noise site like you asked me to :D) He should either get me a garbage disposal or get his friend Chuck under the sink because he literally eats anything and everything. He actually helped himself from Buffy’s bag of Tripe Treats. You have to see it to believe it. I’m thinking, he must have been starved and neglected as a kid. So Hubby is definitively not Mr. DIY and refuses to call the plumber (who’s the CEO of his own company) that lives three blocks down the street from us and would probably do it for free, because I gave his wife my original Guacamole recipe at their garage sale last month. So add up this equation and ta-dah: brain drain dot com. Duh! I suppose ya’ll surprised that I don’t weird out in these situations.
And if you thought this wasn’t enough, well get a load of this (put on your 3D glasses, Megan!): Hubby’s not only hammering in the kitchen, but knocking some receptionist ho (Oops, sorry! Is that a dirty word?) almost his daughter’s age in a motel across his workplace. Yesterday morning Mr. Dickhead Dick goes to work and leaves his iPhone home and then it rings and it’s some guy talking about some treadmill workstation he ordered. Treadmill? Maybe he should cut down on the beer and donuts and give me the money to spend a weekend alone at the Sivasammasala Retreat to finally perfect my Crowbar pose. So I'm fed up with the kitchen drain and I look for the plumber’s number on his phone because (I respect other peoples’ privacy and I wasn’t snooping or anything) I accidentally deleted it in mine, and I notice like all these call logs, textings between him and “Mr. P. Muffy.” Whoa! Did I miss something all these years: Is he really that stupid?? (Any thoughts welcome on male intelligence, Megan + Trish?) “Can’t wait to butter up your pancakes!” And “Get on that treadmill, so you can go that extra mile, hunbuns, and stuff my apetite till I won’t have to beg no more.” Ummm, does a guy seriously think that a Mr. P. Muffy contact name is like a bulletproof code the Nazis would use? I thought he was more sophisticated than those goofballs he watched in the reruns of Hogan’s Heroes. I was also mistaken to think he was the Six Million Dollar Man all these years and I’ll take the rap for it. But before I repent all my sins, whoopsy daisy!, I accidentally uploaded their conversations to his Facebook page.
Under these circumstances a good wife puts down the laundry basket (including his underwear with the skidmarks), the dog food, the PTA questionnaire, the carpet foam, the chocolate chip cookies in the oven and all other goddamn selfish chores and hurries to deliver his Hubby’s phone to his workplace before he leaves work, so he doesn’t miss any important calls and appointments. And that’s just what I did. But it was so unreal, like I stepped into a movie. The garage in his office building was full, so I pull into the parking lot of the shitty motel next to it. And there was his car and he literally walks out of room No 8 so smug like the Pillsbury Doughboy (no offense intended to Doughboy fans!), fixing the tie he got from Mom for Christmas. I felt like strangling him with it then and there. But then I rehearsed my mantra and turned up the air conditioning to make some white noise. Pathetic a-hole. And then the bimbo also comes out of the room in nine inch heels and nine inch nails (pun intended). She’s got enough makeup on to graffiti the whole motel with hard porn scenes. I just couldn't believe this was happening to me.
I married a monster! A fucking monster! And who was actually the one to drive his demented mother to the hospital for her dementia check-ups and her dementia prescriptions, while his unemployed, alcoholic brother, who lived only two miles from her, always borrowed money from her, and wouldn't even pick up the damn phone? Guess. Yeah, I know what you're thinking, and no, I didn’t drive away. I could have, but I didn't because I don't think people should run away from problems and confrontations, because they will carry them for the rest of their remaining lives. I got out of the car, flung the phone at you know who and nailed his bitch on.the.site. He just stood there and watched, like he couldn't believe it. I was the Candid Camera. (“Sometimes you surprise yourself with what you can handle, and if you come out the other end with some wisdom, then it's not such a bad thing.” Boy George) She broke a heel and cried. The photo below shows Hubby’s favorite treat, in case he dares come home: spaghetti Bolognese. No, the extra topping is not rice vermicelli or grated cheese: it’s his ho’s hair. Yes, I took it from her because it’s part of the recipe on his menu. You won’t get this in a restaurant. Hubby also gave me something: he texted me that he was sorry and sent me the plumber’s phone number. UPDATE: I wrote him back: “Frankly, my dear, I don’t give a damn!” Sisters Are Doin’ It for Themselves, right?
Showdown
“Hi, Bobby.”
“Hi, Bob.”
“Not you again. That’s fine, as long as you don’t sit next to me. Sit next to that dented walking frame. You’ll need one soon anyway.”
“Well, whatever happened to you? I thought you were invincible. Always in combat with the elements. Tough enough to star in a Gatorade commercial. Or American Gladiator. Now here you are. Did you put snow tires on your carbon fiber bike and pedal here in slalom ski goggles? Hope you’re not bothering to shave your legs in the blizzard to reduce the drag. Mr. Spandex.”
“You look like a sad sight. Really. Your glasses. They’re neither oldish or newish. Just ordinary. Maybe Jewish. And that mustache. Who wears a mustache? Gays and Mexicans. And rednecks.”
“There’s a glossy Home and Garden on the table for you. Go on, pick it up. Maybe there’s a piece on smoking out gophers in the yard in subzero temperatures. You could contribute an article about proper snow shoveling techniques before attempting any base jumping from the Hoover Dam, instead of mumbling to yourself in the driveway and shaking that knowledgeable head of yours in my direction. You should post a video on YouTube, taped by kids you don’t care to have. And if you perform your shoveling choreography like it’s the last thing you want to leave behind on this planet, you could even go viral and release a DVD. Or a boxed set. And I’ll promise to follow your instructions next time. Dumbass.”
“How can someone not know how to shovel snow in the 21st century and dump it into the street? And the sidewalk. I can see you and you do it like it’s the best thing to do when the snow falls down. What’s so fucking complicated? I’ll just ram that shovel up your ass next time. I swear to god, he’s no better in the summer. He’ll mow the lawn and the stupid water hose at the same time and send the shreds flying over onto my lawn like shotgun shrapnel. And he’ll rake the leaves into Mount Everest and then just leave them there for ages to rot, so the wind can take care of the rest. Gone with the wind. Hah! The Do-It-Not-Yourself guy. Incredible. It’s sheer luck he hasn’t maimed his family. He actually backed up on their dog with that epic Le Baron. Unbelievable. When I heard it howling, I thought we had an air raid siren in the neighborhood I hadn’t known about. How that mutt survived is beyond me. Or the car. Take the kids and the dog, go visit your mother, who also has a mustache!, but leave your perky little wife back home for me. I’ll take care of the rest.”
“You’re obviously not a big fan of literature, playing around with that phone. Car racing or shooting laser beams at aliens? Angry Birds? Sending emergency tweets about snow ploughs stuck in the snow as part of your civic duty? You’ve probably been keeping record of all your scores dating back to the days of being that plain little idiot in school. ‘I tripped Billy twelve times in just one day.’ Then you started counting the second-rate cheerleaders you dragged into bed. The steps of your career ladder you’re still counting, not stopping until you trample on some fingers to reach your professional pinnacle in a jockstrap. And you grow up to become a big idiot with a big ego, and live happily ever after. Your type always lives long. Unless you get run over by a garbage truck in the bike lane.”
“Your long johns are pulled over your socks. Jesus. The water stain under your shoes looks like you peed yourself. And that walkie-talkie phone. You’re obviously doing these things on purpose, whatever you’re trying to do.”
“That woman sitting on your left, with what looks like size fifteen feet in rubber clogs, with kiddie crayon eyeliner, keeps rearranging her cookies in that Hello Kitty cookie box. Like a devoted collector, sorting stamps in an album. This goes here, that goes there. Cute. What concentration. She’s clearly under pressure and might have a stroke any moment, and full tilt into your lap if she can't eat them now. But she can't. Not just yet. The driveling man on your right is not impatient at all, though. In fact, he hasn’t moved for more than two minutes. Rigor mortis. You’re in good company.”
“These people are weird. This is taking way too long. For this amount of money, they should be offering more service. Like lap dancing. Lap dancing would definitely be nice. Instead of seeing you. And coverage of the curling championship. I’m not coming here again.”
“Well, well. Her keys just fell into your backpack and neither of you noticed, which is good because you can look forward to a rendezvous with Big Foot to give them back to her. Your wife wouldn’t mind, with her regular jealousy tantrums booming across the neighborhood. ‘Who the fuck are you seeing again, Bobby? You get blowed?! Maybe you should just move to a hotel and invite all your sluts for a pillow fight, you prick!’ Of course, you could pretend to know nothing about those keys. Then again, with these surveillance cameras here, and you in full vision, it would be difficult to deny.”
“That’s right, Bobby boy. My little webcam up there in the attic vent doesn’t lie. Your wife is a nice piece of ass. Sometimes she just forgets to pull the shades. You’d probably be all shook up to know it’s pointed straight at your bathroom window 24/7. What are you gonna do about it? And she takes selfies of herself in there. With flash, without flash. With bra, without panties. Without bra, with panties. With nothing but a towel wrapped around her head to make her look anonymous. And she puckers. I really have no problem with juicy lips puckering. A touch of cherry lipstick would be nice. I just press this little icon and I’m in live stream mode. Right here, right now. See?”
“I wouldn’t be surprised if you were an all-out fan of surveillance. You could monitor snow clearance on both sides of the street and report misbehaving neighbors to the competent authorities. You once said something about working some place I can't remember. Chief mortgage underwriting officer. Senior supervisor. In some bank. Clerk. Or maybe an underling at the NSA, for that matter. If you earn enough to invest in your wife’s boob job, things shouldn’t be all that bad. As long as you have control over things. People like you need to have this sense of control. It’s your lifeline to the world outside. But when you lose control, you go berserk. You start shrieking louder than your wife, hollering at a castrated pitch, as if your nails were being torn out with a pair of pliers. The china you two break gives a nice chime to your domestic wars. Followed by a thump here and a thud there, and then all is quiet. And there is that dead silence that follows. I wouldn't want to know about that. Creepy. Really creepy, you.”
“All of that posing of yours in front of the mirror. Something to see. Your wife could learn some moves from you. With your flippy-floppy biceps. And patches of hair on your back. I had stronger biceps when I was ten. I had a girlfriend when I was eleven. And I have a girlfriend now and another one on my waiting list. They love me. And they’d blow me anytime, anywhere. The best of the best is your shadow boxing. Hey, maybe you're preparing to defend your title of Mr. Universe. Or play in the gay version of the Nutcracker. Honestly, which version of the Ball Buster is not gay if men dance in pantyhose on stage in front of a straight audience? And they rehearse years for it and expect to be taken seriously. Christ! I would’ve seriously killed my parents if they would’ve tried to send me to ballet school. I wouldn't be surprised if you tried on your wife’s clothes, with the pageant you put on. At your age. Past forty something, with one foot in the grave. Everything’s sagging on you. And you squint without your glasses. Hilarious. I wonder what attracted her to a somebody like you. Not your masculinity. Or your money. You’re not exactly the sex machine type of guy, either. So there’s nothing else you have to offer. Oh, I forgot about books. Like the one you're holding now. ‘How to Be Successful in Life as a Loser and Fail.’ Weirdo. You don't even have a Facebook account. Or maybe you do. Impersonating your mother. Hah! Psycho man. I should probably upload you to YouTube. ‘Stupid man posing in front of the mirror, using a nose and ear trimmer, cutting himself and getting ready to put on his wife’s clothes.’ It would go viral. I should edit at least a dozen parts and load them up at the same time. And eventually upload a ‘Best of Stupid Man’ edition. It’s all freedom of speech. Yeah. What the hell’s the difference between seeing something with your eyes and seeing the same thing with a camera and sharing it with people who would see the same thing if they were there? Nothing. An average smartass lawyer could win the case blindfolded. So you can sue me. If you have the money. Which you don't.”
“Why do people with your brains make enough money to be all over the place because they can afford to? You’re in other people’s way. There’s too much money going around to the wrong places. They write it down every goddamn day in the papers, but nothing changes. It just keeps getting worse. ‘Here’s why!’ this and ‘Ten reasons for’ that. I’m not gonna believe that bullshit anymore. It’s shitloads of sponsored content, nothing else. Occupy Wall Street. Ridiculous. It was probably sponsored by Wall Street. Occupy my street. I’ll dump the snow into the middle of the street. No in and no out. And I’ll chain myself to the snow and laugh at all you morons and take a day off from work. I might even take several days off from work, or weeks. I might not even have a choice, so be on the lookout. I’ll sell the car and I'll sell the house. I'll sell my social security number to the highest bidder and adopt a bankrupt hedge fund manager. I don't want these things. But you, you hoard things. The bigger the better. You’re barbecue grill’s big enough to roast a full-sized boar. With gas. I never got that. Why would anyone grill with gas? You might as well do it in the kitchen under aluminum foil. It’s like going on a cruise on one of those twenty-story cruise ships where you can stare at a shopping mall from a glass elevator. Where’s the thrill? And you’ve probably been on one of those XXL Love Boats and done some serious shopping and workouts in the gym, laying maids in the laundry room, and when you went out on deck, you got dizzy from being not so close to yourself. And that speedboat’s parked next to your garage. It has an engine bigger than my car engine. And what do you do with it? You fuck your Hungarian cleaning lady in it. On land. I know you do it. Pathetic. Why invest so much money in your wife’s boobs then? I could seriously play around with them. Let me have them, so I can show her what life is like without stress. She smiles at me. She likes me.”
“No way, I’m heading straight for the jacuzzi. And chill. And forget about everything that’s annoying and messes my day up, like you. And what happens if I google ‘stupid man posing in front of the mirror’? Maybe you’ve already posted yourself. A guy wearing black lipstick with a spider climbing into his ear. A female bodybuilder. Another with a goatee, flexing his muscle. He’s got a huge stain on his shorts. A driver in the rear-view mirror, about to collide with a truck. Some politician making an ass of himself. And here’s a guy with a gun, alone in an elevator. And the door opens. It’s my turn.”
“Whoa! My apologies. I underestimated your courage and intelligence. Damn, why didn't I not get a phone with a camera. There you are at your best, proving again you’re man enough, with your trophy. The rotten tooth. How hard did you have to pull? How long would you have tried, with your hand in your mouth? Like a caged animal in the zoo, performing acts of desperation. Holding it up for everyone to see. Everybody’s kind of not knowing what to think of you now. And that charming smile to go along with it. Maybe there’s a picture of you in the family album with little Bobby proudly holding up his baby tooth, on his way to reckless manhood. I reckon you won't have to wait in line any longer, with that blood drooling down your chin. Suburban vampire.
AppMan
With one bleary eye open, she resisted the impulse to open the other and see the all too familiar contours of the basement that marked the plain ruins of her life. In the background to the high-speed drone of computer fans and the faint beam of a monitor, she measured her short breaths of exhaustion and anxiety against the agonies a frail animal, perhaps a fawn or a woolly dog, lying by the roadside—the hapless victim of a hit-and-run. The grainy light of dawn creeping through the narrow basement window never evolved into more than a perpetual shade that weighed down in bulkier, moldy lumps during the winter months. The constant glow of starry LED skylights failed to conceal the plumbing pipes or to create an illusion of natural light, greater space or depth, and further shrank their world into an all-inclusive, airless crater with a kitchenette, bathroom and a massive air hockey table. The pipes carried what others flushed from rooms with a view. The table was an intruding behemoth—she had seen pictures of it as a standard theme park fixture in a Google or Facebook office complex—and a testament to Brian’s embarrassing reputation of being a sore loser. “I’ve got double vision from all those goddamn monitors! Gimme a break!” The offices also contained rooms she would have been happy to live in, as long as those employees never showed up for work.
His parents had offered the sunny, upstairs guest room with a distant view of the lake, but his father—“Oh, sorry, Carol, I guess I lost my way!”—made a habit of barging into the en suite bathroom when she took a shower, and his mother did the same—“Sorry, dear, just looking for the insecticide!”—with ridiculous excuses, so the basement remained the sole alternative for living under the same roof with them. Brian, staying true to himself, was snoring next to her, as he always did after drinking beer before his irregular bedtime, and passed his silent farts. His boy scout trophies and old models of airplanes and boats were exhibited on the shelf, neatly arranged and dusted by his mother. “Ambition was never lacking here.” She had become the beast of burden to both his ambition and his mother’s ambitions.
It was not always like this. It was completely different. They had been in a stable relationship for six years and even talked about marriage. They lived in a modest but spacious and affordable townhouse rental in a quiet street, with a small Italian bakery and a bike repair shop. Old Fabio always spoke Italian to her, so she picked up a little Italian and free bagels. They shared the house with another couple, who were also in their thirties, and were easy to get along with because they were rarely home at the same time and seemed to be evading each other on affectionate terms. The house had a working fireplace and original stained glass windows, which projected the morning sunrays as spots of vibrant color onto the walls, and a patio in the back yard—decorated with plenty of tea lights—for barbecues with friends.
When their friends came over, they were good, lively hosts and never had an argument in their presence. They had their ups and downs, just like everybody else. Their egos would flare up and occasionally culminate in a pointless game of tit for tat, but they managed to resolve their conflicts with the composure of two pensioners, who sat down to rewrite the lost grocery list. They had a natural gift to avoid ferocious arguments. Maybe they also had a tendency to sidestep basic issues in their relationship. From time to time, their friends scratched their heads over the future of their relationship, but they kept these concerns to themselves. She and Brian picked up signs of these concerns, but they mutually ignored them as other people’s concerns.
She was attractive and smart, and did not evade harmless flirts and high-brow conversations with men who challenged her to intellectual face-offs, while he tried hard to impress women on the sidelines of the touch football field with sprints and his near perfect six-packs. She laughed at the men who couldn't rise above their self-assured arrogance, and he laughed—with immaculate teeth and athletic prowess—to attract the attention of women who wouldn’t respond to flirts with him. But they stayed faithful to each other, and moved in a balanced rhythm to climax in bed at the same time. This was more than just a physical feat—it symbolized a special blend of chemistry between them.
She had a major in journalism and the realistic prospect of becoming a permanent staff member of the thriving online current affairs and lifestyle magazine Chronique, where she had a paid internship. He was almost finished with his PhD thesis in civil engineering, and had an offer to work for a big government contractor that was responsible for licensing wind farm and other green projects. Until he took that offer, he was working at a small architecture firm. Nothing suggested that something could go wrong with them: they both liked to go out to tapas bars, play Scrabble, watch horror movies of the ‘70s and ‘80s, and they volunteered in the neighborhood soup kitchen before each Thanksgiving and Christmas. They had been destined for the gradual success and rewards that usually came with hard work.
Things changed when Brian was sucked into the world of software development. His new interest triggered the first real tremors in their relationship. On the surface, it was a familiar world, splashed day after day, hour after hour onto the electronic and paper pages of magazines, blogs and bestselling autobiographies, with a bottomless inventory of new applications that sprouted faster than seaside algae. But it was a formidable world, full of baits and catches.
When the pizza delivery guy boasted about his success in developing a 3-D tic-tac-toe app for both the iPhone and Android phones without a formal IT education, Brian responded to this revelation as an invitation and provocation to test his latent developer skills and his ability to pick up the pace of the “dragster speed of the info superhighway.” To probe into the pizza guy’s “secret,” he ordered more pizzas than they could eat, and pelted questions at him on the doorstep.
“So, it can’t be that hard to write code. Or is it? How many times do you see the Blue Screen of Death? Do you post positive comments about your app in other people’s names? Do bugs always reappear?”
He sought the entrance ramp to the superhighway, but only waded through a thick swamp of speculation reserved for amateurs. He read countless articles, online comments and discussions about programming, and networked with would-be programmers who consulted other would-be programmers.
But after more than a dozen pizza deliveries and generous tips, the pizza guy crossed the doorstep, and Brian crossed his, and they teamed up to do something together. The two of them went on long bike rides and bought scratchcards. They held informal brainstorming sessions that were beefed up into formal strategies. As all good things take time, the fruits of their labor had taken on a ripe shine. They came up with a slick alarm app that automatically dialed a number at a given time to wake someone else up. It was simple to use, took up very little storage space on the phone and—with the help of their international volunteers—was available in all the major languages, including Albanian and Vietnamese. It was later surpassed in the number of downloads by another developer’s alarm app, which dialed back the original caller, and both phones kept ringing and waking, back and forth, until someone finally picked up the fucking phone and uttered a code phrase—long enough to prevent someone from falling back asleep—that deactivated the alarm. They earned several thousand dollars each from the sales. She contributed a nifty user interface for the app. In hindsight, she realized it had been a mistake.
Spurred by his initial success, Brian decided to go it alone and develop something original. He knew very well that the glossy shine of brand new smartphones aroused ecstatic physical and emotional sensations in people, which bordered on mass hysteria when certain new models were introduced. They were loved, adored and fetishized. It seemed odd to him that one of his friends was more excited about his new iPhone than the well-kept Mazda Miata passed down to him by his father. He was also aware that the apps on the phones were the icing on the cake, which users were prepared to lick, once such a screen function was available. All he had to do was invest some brain and time, and capitalize on this vast market. She had completely agreed with Brian on this, and she couldn't entirely blame him for taking the initiative. The big techie companies would swoop down on these apps and make generous and even extravagant takeover offers to the developers, against the backdrop of a media fanfare.
On the other hand, she had read and was told that most attempts at a breakthrough failed, leaving behind a sinkhole of wasted time and money. He took her wholehearted support for granted after taking her to an expensive sushi bar.
“We’re in this together, baby!”
He had never called her “baby” before. It was not him to talk like that. “It’s make or break!” But she gave him the benefit of the doubt and her love, motivation and financial support, writing fake online reviews of foreign hotels, airlines and pet beauty parlors for a nominal fee to supplement her income from journalism. They gave up the townhouse rental to save money. He quit his job and worked part-time at a non-profit that recycled electrical equipment, so he could bring home valuable computer parts used to upgrade his hardware in the corner of the basement and focus on his original app: Fuzzr.
 The app was supposed to challenge the mainstream, all-in-one concept of calendars, to-do lists, diaries, personal assistants and syncing functions, and operate more as a personal trainer program than just a passive assistant.
“The million other crappy apps out there do the same thing. Mine is different. It’s a life changer. A data cruncher. You’d think you’d need one of those massive data centers in Iceland or Finland, or some other cold place, to accomplish something fundamental and organic, but you don't. It all comes down to how you put the small pieces together. Simplicity rules.”
He invented the term “plasma organizer”—the app that ranked, aggregated and prioritized items in the “program of life,” based on all parameters measurable with the smartphone: number and duration of calls, contacts, blog entries, Instagram uploads, shopping data, GPS information, e-mail correspondence, website visits and statistics, Facebook friends and likes, and vast heaps of other data he hadn’t even identified yet. It was supposed to be so many things at the touch of only a few buttons.
The journalist in her was always on guard. “But Brian, isn’t this what the NSA is doing without our knowledge or consent? They probably already know more about us than we do. And they’re free to spend billions of dollars to do it. We don't have that kind of a budget. We don't have any kind of budget.”
“Honey, you’ve got a valid point there, but your angle on the issue is warped. The NSA exploits your data for evil purposes, but Fuzzr collects data with your knowledge, for your own good. And there’ll be a zapping button to delete everything about you, even the fact that you ever existed or downloaded the app. You’ll be in complete control,” he argued. “You know what kind of hypocrites people are. They’re outraged at the NSA, but continue downloading and uploading just the same, as if their life depended on it. They’re hooked. They’re app junkies. And this is where we come in. Why not be a legal dealer in apps and make legal profits? You can't say I'm not being reasonable.”
But Brian’s passion became an obsession, a blueprint of doom, and reason was lost somewhere along the way. The ideas and the underlying theories kept multiplying, swelling into a binary jungle of no return. His doctoral dissertation was collecting dust on the shelf; the hard copy was his only copy because he accidentally deleted the Word file and had no time to scan the many pages. His personal hygiene lapsed into forgotten showers and toilet flushes, with vast amounts of deodorant sprayed in an unsuccessful attempt to conceal his shortcomings. He finished off stale beer and marshmallows for breakfast, and showed a new tendency to leave sentences unfinished and quickly change the subject. “You’d think that if. Somebody’s hiding my Nerf ball on purpose.” A flabby layer of fat settled on his abs and pimples colonized his face. The key to his erection was probably hidden somewhere within a string of code he was working on, but the numbers failed to add up. The power-thirsty computers showed no performance problems, although they doubled the electricity bill and occasionally blew the fuses in the house. His mother didn't mind because she confused the hardware’s consumption with her son’s creative energies. His father didn't mind, either, until he nearly amputated his index finger with the electric can opener in the sudden dark.
The man she had fallen in love with, who could always positively surprise her by saying something insightful, things she expected to be written by prominent journalists, had come to resemble a negative character in a John Carpenter movie. She wondered whether Brian was showing signs of general debilitation, and advised him to go see a doctor for a check-up. He wouldn't budge whenever she expressed this wish of hers, and would pretend to act normal by brushing his teeth and changing his underwear. He pitched his concepts at her like a baseball feeder.
“So if you’re really pissed off at your boss and complain about your job a lot in your e-mails and chats, and whatever, Fuzzr will eventually disable your weekday morning alarm in stealth mode and you’ll be late for work, which inspires you to give second thoughts about working for an asshole like that and to take the positive risks and just move on!”
She wasn’t always convinced. “But Brian, it’s hard enough to get a paying job. What if you end up unemployed? Or miss a job interview?”
He remained undeterred, with the look of a tree hollow occupied by a mistaken identity. “That’s possible but you’ll end up with a better job in the long term. Definitely. Or take a fat person, for example. Fatso talks, writes and reads food, so he organizes an epic eatathon at some newly opened grease bar in town with his fatso friends. He enters the joint’s address in his phone’s navigation app and he’s like already drooling on the steering wheel in the garage. But Fuzzr is his better half and detours his route by like twenty miles or maybe half an hour to some healthy food place that’s popular on the net, and by the time he gets there, he’s so hungry, he has no choice but to go inside and eat healthy food. So he’ll not only live longer, but can also make new friends who a promote a healthier lifestyle. Get it?”
Bugle’s scruffy silhouette appeared in the window with fur that seemed regularly treated with mud and ash. The neighbor’s mutt crawled under the fence each day, as part of his routine, and peed on their sole window at an unusually early hour. He did that whenever he passed by. She thought this was amusing now, and tried to remember the last time she had smiled. She decided to get up and take Bugle for a walk, because nobody ever took him for a walk. Then she would come back, pack her things and leave.
Carousel
In a narrow street of dusty windshields, with weathered fliers under the wipers, the mirror opposite him reflected the sweeping sheets of April rain pouring down from a blue sky without warning. A man, and another, continued walking at a normal pace, as if a walk in a downpour was something the doctor had prescribed. His stiffening stare followed a young, drenched couple, rivaling each other in the number of laughs and kisses, as they barged in, taking cover from the torrent. They snuggled up at a corner table of the dimly lit, empty bar, and continued to swap kisses for laughs, and laughs for kisses. After they had ordered some tea and salted nuts, they shut up. The abundant assortment of liquor stacked neatly against the wall-sized mirror made up for the dullness of the place and the stale shine of worn linoleum and artificial leather. The barman attentively refilled his glass without conversation, much to his appreciation. He downed the vodkas, taking habitual pauses in the even flow of rounds.
What had begun as a reluctant meeting with an old college acquaintance he ran into in the mall a few weeks ago, was shaping into a firm conviction that this occasion was no coincidence, and he felt himself edging toward the clarity of vision and courage to confront the man who had robbed him of the woman he loved.
“Let’s have a drink sometime.”
Sure, why not, Peter.
“Sure, why not, Peter.”
Peter eater. In a casual cashmere cardigan and suede loafers, in an easy-going sort of way. Pumpkin eater. He probably had baked pumpkin on his menu. With honey sauce and exotic spices, like rustled Norse tree bark. What is a menu like that called? And what else is trending? Clarissa had had more confidence and ambition than to fall for a jerk like that.
“Have you tried roasted squash seeds pickled in cognac, spread over sweet black bread? Everything you eat or drink after that will have a more pronounced taste, and you won’t regret going to places like a Laundromat. Try it, Tim.”
He should’ve just kept walking, walking the walk, snubbing him with a stare drilled into his self-righteous baby-blue eyes. But he didn't. Instead, he stopped and settled for small talk, standing there like Aunt Esmeralda on Fridays at the local fish market in a Latin soap opera.
They talked about the college football team’s losing streak, Edward Snowden’s whistleblowing and his true, secret identity, about the weather, the Burj Khalifa, rising sea levels, Amazon drones and about what not to think of people who pretend to know too much. Peeping Peter. He was peeping at everything that happened around the world and had an opinion of every goddamn detail, whether it’s fracking techniques in the Midwest, Scientology, the dynamics of dot-com bubbles or Gary Oldman’s drama roles. “You’d think there is a spontaneity to take for granted the things you have, because you already have them with you, but it’s a trade-off you make with the things you lose, because you’ve lost the time you had for them. That’s why I never read the entries in my diary.”
But people fell for it, and she had been no exception. It wasn't her fault. She had looked upon him like someone who enjoyed to be captivated, if only for a while. He had done the same in college, pelting long questions at professors, some of which he bundled with his own polished answers. One of the lecturers, a stout man wearing the same slacks and an unkempt mustache each week, presenting sociological maxims with random laughs and crossing out common hypotheses on the blackboard with thick streaks of chalk, reversed Peter’s argument with a clever rhetorical maneuver. His reply blew up in Peter’s face like a water balloon with a cheesecake topping. But it did not discourage him from building up an arsenal of catchwords and reformulated stereotypes to give meaning to the world on his terms.
He aired himself like one of those TV channels people found difficult to switch, because out of some perverse curiosity, they wanted to see what happened next—why a building ultimately collapsed without warning or how someone managed to kill a relative with a pair of paper clips. “The secret to mining deep data is that there is no secret. The misinformation about sophistication is a myth. All you need is a big enough net to trawl. Almost anybody can do it. It’s a game changer.” It was his way of talking about anything on any day, in rain or shine, with the fluency of an Ivy League street preacher, as if he had been rehearsing for performances of show-and-tell with the nerve of not having anything to actually show, just a pair of big blue eyes and stories of current affairs and headline news told in the past tense. And he would listen to others with what looked like genuine interest, appearing ready to provide precious intellectual real estate for the views of others, with the ability to recycle their views into something more poignant and meaningful, to surprise them with things they failed to discover.
He had fumbled in his pocket to activate a fake call on his phone to bypass the meeting with Peter, but coins and car keys were in the way. His fidgety efforts were in vain and he must have given the impression of groping his own balls, or even worse. The woman decorating the shop window stared at him, motionless, holding a basket of plastic vegetables. Peter piper picked a peck of pickled prick. He accidentally smart-dialed his mother and turned on the speaker at the same time. Somehow.
“Timothy?! Are you there? Hullo?! Will you sleep over this weekend and help me choose the new wallpaper? I found your old video games you asked about in the basement.”
What is the probability of something like this happening? What is the probability of the Titanic resurfacing with the Creature from the Black Lagoon on deck, playing the Blue Danube Waltz on the violin? He should’ve told him he intended to put up some rare Atari games on eBay for a lot of money and that his mother forgot to take her Alzheimer pills. He was also carrying a PlayStation bag that wasn’t his. It contained some birthday presents for his nephew. At least he wasn't wearing an Android costume.
It was only the day before he had been driving his friend’s tuned up, vintage Camaro two blocks away from the mall, blasting away the riffs of Mean Street, hanging his arm out the door, pinching a red Marlboro between his fingers, beaming from behind sunglasses that had nothing to do with sports or rat-race competition, with the fresh contours of his second tattoo hanging out from under his sleeve, and his friend’s two hot sisters in the backseat, whom he had to drop off somewhere, who couldn't care less about him, who would’ve enjoyed his company, had they known him better and listened to his take on the world, because he could be original about almost anything, and get straight to the point with short remarks like, “Hell, the government’s mortgaged your brains!”, without the fancy gibberish picked up at downtown Wi-Fi hotspots, and who the hell cared.
He was there and Peter wasn’t. “I’ll be back in town in two weeks for a pitching session.” Wow. Where will he be in the meantime? Tokyo or Berlin or Buenos Aires? Spreading the gospel of seed funding, angel investment, connectedness culture, nature, nurture, and the organic exploitation of the masses. Mr. Startup Guru. Cover boy. Did he ask to be photoshopped? Lucky for him, that neatly trimmed, trendy hipster beard, like the proud showpiece of a groomed rodent in a trans-global taxidermy competition. He had a hint of a harelip on his face, so the beard was not a bad option. It was there on the phone—one of his gems. “I think what’s important in these outpaced times is to keep your finger on the pulse of things about to happen, before they happen, and to slow motion what you fast forward, so you don’t overestimate the limits of your comfort zone.” Sure, why not, Peter. Peter pickle proper peckerhead. He should’ve kept his finger out of Clarissa’s comfort zone. Pretentious preppy prole. Parading about with his air of savoir faire.
He caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror, talking aloud to no one but himself. It was an unexpected and ugly encounter, and he quickly turned his head away.
There was something sticky on the sleeve of his black leather jacket. The advance of heavier clouds tinted the street to a hue of lead, accompanied by brief bouts of lightning and thunder. The streetlights turned on in darkness cast by the overhanging threat of a bigger storm. Someone left the bar, whom he hadn't noticed coming in. He pondered the bottles and their contents, attempting to pronounce liquor names he had never heard before, in case he decided to order any of them. Just in case. Curaçao, Cointreau, Courvoisier, Cachaça. And those were just the c’s. There were drinks in the color of moss and tar, in bottles resembling the designs of expensive perfumes. He wondered whether anyone had tried to record super slow-motion footage of a wall of booze crashing to the ground. If no one had done it before, he would do it.
In the still life of the hundred-year-old college library, under the enormous chandelier, which swayed at a barely noticeable pace to the gusts of wind outside, and twinkled when the sun reached it at the right angle in the afternoon hours, she would read and make volumes of notes in her favorite corner, often alone, next to the periodicals aisle, and offer a smile to him with her sparkling emerald eyes, behind unimaginably long, flashing lashes. It was her way of casting a spell and telling him everything he wanted to know about beauty and the love of beauty without uttering a word. He had been convinced that the knowledge stacked stories high on the surrounding shelves competed and begged to be taken in by her, like abandoned pets at a shelter, and that she could make that knowledge her own with as much effort as leafing through a comic book. He had wanted to become a part of her story, or to just make it into a chapter in a supporting role. He’d make sure he had at least as many books on the opposite table as she did. But he never had the patience to read all the required books. He read the books he thought would come up in the exams. To this day, nauseous disgust overcame him when he saw a footnote in small print. Not her. Her lean fingers flipped the pages of abstract theory with the elegance of whisking the chestnut waves of her silky hair to the side. She was beautiful and intelligent and made him awfully horny, so he never had the courage to ask her out.
“You’re awfully sweet, Tim.” On a shiny spring day, with trees and bushes in full blossom, and birds chirping in chorus, he walked up to her on campus and offered to fix her jammed bicycle chain. He refused to wash off the chain’s black grease as a memento of something kicking off between them. But the grease eventually wore off and there was nothing else to fix. The scent of her perfume lingered in his memory to this day, hovering above him on dismal days like a cloud of missed opportunities.
Their meetings remained brief courtesy encounters, drawn out into reruns of his fantasies, with slight variations in the script: Clarissa riding the bicycle on the wet cobblestones of the campus, wearing nothing but the broken chain dangling around her; Clarissa holding a naked presentation in the lecture hall with a pointing stick, with him seated in the first row and everybody else locked out; Clarissa naked in the library, wearing only a pair of spike heels and a leather bookmark, like a pageant sash, ascending the top step of the ladder to reach a cryptic volume. He was holding the ladder, like a faithful bibliophile servant, while she accidentally knocked a book off the shelf, which hit him unconscious. She would then bend over him and tend to his wounds. The pain had been agonizingly sweet, but he wished it would finally go away and leave a scar smack in the middle of his back.
As he lay on the college lawn shortly before the summer break, which put an end to all semesters, the two of them, arm in arm, looked and walked in his direction. It was the first time he actually saw them so intimately close to each other. They approached him at a steady pace, and for reasons he cared not to explore in hindsight, because it was stupid, he was almost certain they were going to propose a kinky threesome affair to him, with the generous option of sending Peter off somewhere to another room or house or dungeon, and no obligation to use a rubber. Rubbers killed his lust and their use left him feeling something similar to a massive hangover.
Instead, they invited him to spend the evening at Laguna Park—a cluster of old trailers by the lakeside, which opened in the spring to provide some low-tech entertainment before the finals. They unfolded, like origami, into shooting ranges and penny arcades, assembled into miniature scale rides and a go-kart track.
The two of them had secretly set him up for a blind date with Sheila, a marketing major, who resembled a horse, laughed like one and outdrank him without giving any signs of disorientation or exhaustion. She gave him stuffed animals she won by knocking down tin cans with a ball, and ended up peeing her pants in his lap. He had initially been angry at himself for accepting the invitation and was furious about their dating scheme. He was prompted to seriously wonder whether he gave the pathetic impression of someone unable to pick up girls.
But his bad feelings were quickly dispelled by Clarissa’s presence. As always, she was unbelievably beautiful that evening, wearing a little black dress and a brooch of roses. To his surprise, Peter wasn’t preoccupied with his greatness or uptight about his inability to shoot, throw, hit or kick anything on target. He seemed content with the suppressed urge to explain everything as a question of individual will and strategy. They all laughed about everything for no apparent reason. The moon was shining on the surface of the lake and the Chinese lanterns left colorful spots on the water. Things felt really good, like special occasions that become lifelong memories at the very moment they begin. This night was no different—unraveling in a flow of small, rapturous episodes, with his looming awareness of an inevitable end.
Things could have taken a different turn in the Haunted Labyrinth of Horrors, which consisted of two trailers connected lengthwise. Despite or owing to its size, it provoked screams from people with a giant jack-in-the-box that bore resemblance to Bela Lugosi, who belched a red froth, and with other trapdoors, zombies and hand-painted gore. In the dreamscape of the vault of smoke and mirrors, he felt a sudden surge of elated emotion he had never felt before, as his hand brushed against and held what he thought was Clarissa’s hand. She returned his touch with a firm clutch of his hand, as she pressed against his body, leading and teasing his hands toward her breasts. But as the smoke thinned out, he discovered the whinnying profile of Sheila zeroing in on him from all angles. He felt aroused, provoked and double-crossed once again.
Clarissa had already made it through the labyrinth and was riding the carousel. He hurried and fought his way onto a wobbly stallion, brushing aside the ticket vendor, as if he were in a rush to catch the last train to heaven. Peter and Sheila and the rest of the world reappeared at every turn—insignificant points of meaningless reference. As they made their rounds on the horses, Clarissa looked back at him and seemed to offer her hand in his direction, but he couldn’t move. He was paralyzed and had to close his eyes because the world was spinning out of control, and he feared his stomach would make him an utter embarrassment. That was the last time he saw her.
The door opened and Peter made his way in. The rain had stopped and rays of the late afternoon sun felt warm and reassuring. He spun off his stool, smiling and struggling to keep his balance, knocking down a chair in the effort. And he ventured forward to give Peter a bear hug, because he was more than certain that she had dumped him a long time ago.
Detour
It was Labor Day. A Google satellite image taken on this day revealed the largest number of fired up barbecue grills after the 4th of July. With sizzling dogs and burgers, Street View showed an exhibition of the digitally blurred faces of people and pets, as if everyone had been at the wrong place, at the wrong time, without ever having been aware of it. Scrolling through the streets gave the illusion of passing time, but on the way back, they were still there, doing the same things, only from a different angle.
With no intention of doing the same thing, the husband floored the gas pedal in the parking garage for no particular reason. His wife in the passenger seat was elated to experience an unexpected rush of adrenaline instead of the banal reflex to shriek and shrivel into a lump of blind panic. The subdued hum of the electric motor was outroared by ignited internal combustion, as the hybrid shot up the spiral ramp like a raving cougar, leaving behind streaks of burned rubber. He gripped the leather wheel with dogged determination, confident that he can negotiate the dizzy swirl, entertaining only a remote sense of danger in the form of descending traffic or a concrete wall. The ride conjured the sensation of a Need for Speed, without silly gadgetry hooked onto a home computer. The contents in the back—a fresh variety of bio-farmed leek, turnips, artichokes and eggplant, and a bulky volume of high-end European drapery—thumped around wildly in the trunk like a gagged hostage performing an exercise of final despair. The last stretch of the course was easy, but the mall’s parking gate put an abrupt and disappointing end to the race: It was “out of service due to software maintenance.”
A member of garage personnel was posted there in an outfit of apology, wearing a blazer and tie, pointing in the right direction. Quick successive rasps in his throat and his throttle on the wheel revealed his frustration. Her exhilaration immediately waned into annoyance at her husband’s nervous habit, which he reserved exclusively for petty ordeals. The larger challenges in life, such as the gnawing question of whether or not to sue the condo neighbors for the occasional noise their children made, he tackled with silent nods and loud stares, while she did the talking. She turned toward the window and focused her attention on her phone. A stalemate of silence settled on them. Real and imagined insults could stifle conversation between them for premeditated periods.
“Make a U-turn. Take the ramp to Exit No 3. Remember, objects in the rear-view mirror may appear to be smaller or bigger, depending on your point of view.” The GPS unit picked up some satellite signals and was audibly aware of the technical obstacle through regular updates. The facility was mapped in its memory.
They had time to spare, but their stomachs would churn in sync at the thought of arriving late anywhere. Both of them had been at least fifty minutes early on their first date. As a precaution against suffering from the effects of delay in any dimension of life, their weekdays kicked off in the numb morning hours, when diehard insomniacs finally passed out in wretched exhaustion and traffic lights still blinked yellow. They would jump on head-to-head treadmills, update their Facebook and other pages, and play quick rounds of Sudoku. Their schedule would continue with breakfast at Starbucks or in a trending bistro, which offered a celebrated and competent barista, whom they called Gino or Levi, who mastered the coffee machine as if it were the start-up instrument of a particle accelerator. They then parted ways and headed to creative workplaces with busy, but flexible working hours. Creative work meant doing anything anywhere, as long as it looked good on the package of a product, or sounded persuasive from someone else, who spoke into a microphone in front of an audience.
They usually did these very same things in each of their own apartments on “Don’t Disturb” days—days of the week reserved for recharging and privacy, spent away from the loft rental they shared in a gentrified neighborhood. This arrangement consumed larger chunks of their bank balances, but the sense of independence gave them a peace of mind, and strengthened the bond between them. Among the entries of schedules appearing on their screens, she had once even entered a phone reminder for the time of sex. In retrospect, she felt awkward about it, but they eventually discovered a kinky element to these sex memos. Perhaps it was their mutual instinct for role-play, as an accessory to foreplay, involving the exchangeable roles of client and prostitute, or the inspiration of the copy of 50 Shades of Grey on the shelf, which prompted them to take these expeditions onto the wilder side of their lives. Neither Nick, nor Karen admitted to themselves, or to each other, why such a set-up was agreeable for them, but they intimated a sense of satisfaction. It had become a staple of their lifestyle like kale.
They had arranged to visit a fabulous summer rental on the coast they missed out on in the spring for reasons they blamed on each other, sharing defeat in an intense bidding war. The other couple—stuffing an inflated Wally Gator into the backseat of their Porsche 911 Carrera cabriolet as a sign of a will to vacation—had arrived at the scene earlier, and somehow greased the deal with the real estate agent. They threw the gator into the swimming pool and left it there. This time around, they were resolved to secure the place for next summer in advance, and were carrying a bulging envelope with a deposit to bolster their prospects. The owners—a newlywed gay couple, who spent the summers in Tuscany, with what sounded like their fathers’ voice over the phone—had invited them for wine and cheese, giving hints of good things to come. They were disappointed with the other couple because they had left behind stains on the upholstery and clogged the pool’s drain with banana peel.
He trickled back down the ramp in a holiday mood for compromise, and followed the arrow on the dashboard display.
“Turn right at the exit and keep straight for three hundred yards. Wear sunglasses to minimize the risk of accidents. The skies are clear, with a forty percent chance of precipitation in the afternoon hours. You may want to check that you have sufficient windshield washer fluid. If your fluid level is low, you can now get a Spritzer windshield washer fluid discount bundled with Babylon hot dog buns at an Exxon gas station or a Target store within a one mile radius. The sale ends at midnight.”
They ended up at the bottom of the garage: a dark service area reserved for trucks. An exit was nowhere in sight—only men in white overalls. As they unloaded large crates from a truck bearing the label “Fisherman’s Frolic,” one of them lost his balance and dumped a colossal swordfish onto the oil-patched pavement, in an accompanying storm of hail. He and his partner scanned the area for any potential eyewitnesses in panic-stricken, pale oblivion of the surveillance cameras, and swiftly swung the battered fish back onto the crate. Nick and Karen looked at each other in jaw-dropping disbelief. She frantically swiped her phone screen to activate the camera, but missed the opportunity to record what she saw to be the prime example of what was wrong with people in general. She tore open a bag of extruded millet balls and chomped on a mouthful.
“Please follow the directions. You are probably off course because the signal is poor and I can't sense anything. To enjoy the advantages of my navigation, find your way out. If you are unable to find your bearings, attempt to find a landmark you are familiar with. Alternatively, you can ask a stranger for directions, because you are located in a district with a low crime rate, and there is a minimal risk of your exposure to assault. In any case, recent studies suggest that if you compliment his or her appearance and/or intellect, you will likely receive more accurate directions and other useful tips.”
There were no landmarks or strangers, just people behind tinted car windows, elevator doors and service facilities barring entry by unauthorized personnel. He found an exit, but the gates operated exclusively for service traffic; the parking card was discharged with a beeping error. He sucked in enormous amounts of air through his nostrils—a mantra of the sinuses—as if he was forced to continue the rest of the journey in murky underwater depths.
With the realization that they would not remain trapped in a parking garage forever, he steered to the nearest exit and was relieved to stop at a red light with no gate or wall to block the way. She also showed signs of easing because she popped only single millets into her mouth. Motivated by a curious passion for freedom and with plenty of time until their rendezvous with the summer home owners, he not only ignored the instructions of the car’s navigation, but was resolved to drive in the opposite direction and to only rely on his instinct and occasional road signs. His left turns countered the right turn commands and he responded with right lanes to the left lanes of the digital route. Nick felt aroused and encouraged by his resistance to the authority of the navigation application, as if he had taken his father’s car for a drive without his permission, before getting his license. Karen kept to her phone and didn't seem to mind.
They were on their way out of the neighborhood they could navigate with ease, where newly laid cobblestones, EV charging stations, and artisanal fromageries and ice cream parlors marked their points of reference. There was an air here of all things new, things of the better kind, which were there to stay, like the first public phone booths had once been, and an atmosphere of immunity to any change for the worse. It was a blend of the smell of the outdoor patios of chic restaurants and of city parks in late spring, exhaling the scent of soaking plants after a passing shower, which were locked at dusk to bar entry for people who were tempted to seek out a more satisfying environment for their miserable ways. There was no visible presence of drunks, junkies or sex offenders. Calamities happened elsewhere, like tsunamis in the Pacific Ocean or a series of suicide bombings somewhere in the Middle East, and were limited to routine swipes on LCD displays. The inconveniences and disruptions that happened closer to home were of a fleeting nature, like the views from behind the car’s windows, which were bound to pass.
With defied navigation, the landscape gradually deteriorated into irregularly occupied tenements and industrial property offered for lease. Green faded into withered yellow, and the neatly arranged, motley containers of recyclable waste were replaced with “For Sale” and “Foreclosure” signs. Heaps of cheap garbage created enmeshed bulks of decay, which had been molded into installation exhibitions in museums of modern art in the twentieth century, and which one day will be possible to recycle through a marvelous innovation in engineering. What he saw to be a crack house at an intersection, she identified and read out loud as the “Lemonade Shack of the Church of Belated Redemption” on a faded, barely legible sign. White people had disappeared from the streets altogether. The smell of hamburgers and fries penetrated the car through the vents. The scene surrounding them hinted at clichéd movies she had seen, where the plot leads the actors from safe, affluent neighborhoods to poor, dangerous ones through a series of unusual coincidences or plain misfortune. It all seemed to her to be a bad joke and a waste of time, and she regretted to go along with his deliberate detour. But she didn't want to admit to her fears, let alone physically reveal them. Yet her fears were about to escalate into sudden panic, as they found themselves at the end of a dead-end street, at an explosive demolition site. A billboard gave notice of the razing of the “Wellington Park Estates” public housing complex. It was a massive skeleton resting on a rectangular mountain of bricks and concrete, partially wrapped in safety netting to absorb the debris of the blast. A diagonally pasted sticker in neon yellow bore the caption “POSTPONED.”
As Nick was backing up the car, four men appeared in the middle of the street out of nowhere. They were walking in their direction, as if they had some sort of plan. One of them was carrying a bat, while another had no shirt on. They were in their late twenties or early thirties. The guy in a tank top had full-length sleeves of tattoos. The tallest one was an exception; he must have been over seventy, and wore an olive cardigan and a baseball cap that was too large. He put the brakes on, checked the door lock and kept the windows up. When the men reached his door, Nick’s head was seized by convulsive nodding and a smile reserved for service personnel he expected to receive favors from; his left hand was moving at a similar pace, expressing the direction of his backing up maneuver and his gratitude to them for whatever they did or intended to do. The men waved their arms in almost perfect unison, as if they had been rehearsing this performance for the holiday, in an effort to explain the way back onto the main road. It wasn't long before everybody at the scene waved hands and smiled, never to see each other again.
“I am continuously rerouting your journey. The travel statistics indicate that you are not following my directions. You are persistently driving in the opposite direction for reasons I am unable to determine, because you have not made any stops and you are fully observing the rules of traffic. This is frustrating. If you are searching for a clean restroom with an average user rating of at least seven, you will find two outside of your five mile radius. If you need to urgently relieve yourself, you are left to your own devices, because in this state, urinating and defecating is illegal on public property and on private property, if there is public access, whether pedestrian, olfactory or visual, to such private property. If you are experiencing fatigue or any other form of mental incapacity, please park the car in a safe place and take a rest.” Nick slammed down the volume.
With the navigation silenced, the infrastructure along the road thinned out. They had left behind the last of the roadside diners and gas stations; the power lines were replaced with strewn rows of tilted trees that gave in to the prevailing winds. Only the pavement and the green road signs remained from their point of departure; the foliage around the signs was trimmed with care. That green reminded Nick of the green of fairways. He had never played golf, and wasn't intending to swing golf clubs, but he decided to call it fairway green. There was something picturesque about the landscape. He branched off onto a dirt road to stretch his limbs and take in some of the scenery. They were surrounded by vast patches of golden wheat or barley or rye. He wasn’t sure which. They stepped out of the car, with their arms around each other’s shoulders, and waited for the fields to rustle. They felt good about life.
Delta
She threw the gun from the bridge into the river and drove back to the motel. She missed. Liz, she could walk in the mud so gracefully in heels, like a cat on a rooftop, but couldn’t hit a nail with a frying pan. I reckon, a gun landing on a barge that ships a mountain of coal toward the ocean is a lost gun. Then again, if you looked, it might still be there, jammed between some steel plates, around the hull somewhere, eaten away by rust, or shoved around by rats. I don’t know.
Even the stars went black that night because of the power outage. Not much in the way of generators around here. People turned their headlights on and struck up conversations with perfect strangers. It’s funny how something like this can get people talking to one another—people who have nothing in common. On normal days they just walk on by. A man on a stop to visit his brother told me how he had swindled ten dollars from him as a kid and about the fake eyelashes the secretaries wear in his office. I was hoping he would not show any of his surgical scars with a flashlight. I was smoking in the parking lot when she arrived and told me what happened, like she just came back from the grocery store with a bag of oranges. There was always something matter-of-fact about her, even when she was clueless about the things she was doing. Then the power came back on.
We sat down in the bar of the motel to have a few drinks. People looked relieved, even ecstatic, as if they were waiting for the countdown to New Year’s. It was a hot and muggy night, when the asphalt feels like rubber and sticky licorice under your soles, and the farthest you’ll go with any of your plans is to fetch an ice-cold drink at the counter. Bats were squeaking everywhere. The manager told me. I had never heard that noise before. He said they were real bloodsuckers when the weather was to their liking and flew through the windows without an invitation. He was probably only trying to persuade me to keep the window shut while the air-conditioner was on, to keep his electricity bill down. Had the funny man been a barman at a ten-story Hilton, he would have warned me about King Kong’s appetite after nightfall. I wanted to take a dip, and pretend to swim my mile, but the pool was off limits because someone supposedly lost a diamond ring in there, and they were bringing in some county swimming champ to do the salvaging. I had seen the ring’s owner complaining at the reception desk earlier in the afternoon. The lady wouldn't budge unless the manager made a phone call to someone for help, and she threatened to sue him. She was past her prime and wore enough jewelry to stock up the Tower of London. Her husband was nodding at everything she said, without saying a word. The second, sulking man with her must have been her son, but he looked older and had a swollen bruise on his forehead. Entertainment’s never lacking on the interstate. You pay at the turnpike and something’s bound to happen along the way.
Then Liz lost her cool and suddenly realized that her life was all pain and agony without diamonds. She gave me one of those looks that blamed me for all her misfortune. Her nail broke in the dial when she called her mother. And the jukebox wasn't working because of a blown fuse, so she got upset about that as well. She wanted to listen to “Baby Love,” but had to settle for the sound of ice cubes in the glass and my questions about guns and other excursions into the unknown. She was pretty as a picture when she was fuming and made me want to marry her. Jake soon joined us with pats on the back, and had one highball after another, like he was in the midst of things to come, but wanted to keep it all to himself until the moment was right to lay his cards on the table. I could see a vein pulse in his temple, as if it were one of his impatient organs. I hadn’t noticed it all these years. Sometimes you only notice these small signs and not the grand scheme of things. I wouldn’t mind someone explaining the grand scheme of things to me, because I still haven’t figured it out and I'm not getting any younger.
The gun was front page news to me. I never owned one, nor did Liz, for all I know. Jake said he won it at poker or at the racetrack, he couldn’t remember which, and carried it “just in case.” What “just in case” means for a guy who sells encyclopedias door to door is anybody’s guess. She said she wanted to get rid of it because it gave her the creeps, that her old man had had a huge gun cabinet and would always put her bad report cards on display there. Liz rambled on about the places people should keep their weapons and their bad habits, as if she had been asked to quote the ten girl scout commandments. I wouldn’t have been surprised had she pulled a box from a magic hat and offered me freshly baked chocolate chip cookies to make me feel sorry for her. In the time I’d known her, the craziest thing she did was to tie balloons to a beagle’s collar in the park. And she once had a shoe salesman bring out all the shoes in her size because she thought he was mean. I could’ve gone to see a ball game during that time, including extra innings, but I enjoyed watching her show.
But the fact she had already known about that pistol made me curious. It was the first time I suspected something may have been going on between them. I can't say I have a paranoid frame of mind, so at the time I didn’t think much of them going to the dry cleaners too often, while I was taking care of business in town. But I wasn’t aware that their dirty laundry had piled up so high. And it didn't occur to me to be the chaperone and watch over them playing in the sandbox. They were big enough to know what they were doing, or so I thought. Liz and I always shared a room, of course, while Jake stayed in a single, and cuddled up with some gin and his pipe dreams. She had locked me out once, but let me back in when I promised her a trip to Europe if I ever hit the jackpot. However small the chance of that happening, a man should keep his options open and be prepared for the best. No kidding. The people who win the lottery or walk out of a Vegas casino with a suitcase of cash, they end up being miserable wrecks, and broke. So I'm not taking any chances. But you have to work hard for luck to come your way. And you have to know it when you see it. Until you get there, it’s more of the same.
Each day follows another, only the names of the motels change. One day it’s Flamingo, the next it’s Holiday Inn. It’s the life you choose when you’re on a contract, working for commission. The company I work for sends me to seek out potential clients, to do some prospecting of sorts. There are many to be had, anywhere you go, even in places that have bankruptcy written all over them. And that’s many places you have to get to because there’s competition out there. There’s also the handicap we’ve got, compared to carpet salesmen, because I have no pretty samples of what we sell. What we offer them is an affordable alternative to asbestos and the hardhat contractors to remove it. We show them solid evidence that it kills. I even carry with me some autopsy photos of asbestos lungs for the know-it-alls, who even claim to know the zip code of the Lord. But it’s a hard sell. Most of them don't even know what it is. They tell you it’s not something they read in the paper or hear on the radio, so it’s not something they should worry about. I ask them whether they worry about UFOs landing in their backyard or the Russians nuking us anytime because the papers are writing about it. So I know people can be ignorant, but my job is limited to the art of verbal persuasion and laying documents on the table. I can't use force to make them not stupid. Though I wouldn't have thought they’re so terrified of UFOs.
Then Jake said he would’ve used the gun to rob the bank next to the motel because it was an easy hit. I had known Jake since our days at the mail order company after graduating from high school. We packaged everything from nylons to vacuum cleaners into cardboard boxes. He always showed up for work, neat and tidy, took over my shift when I asked him to, and I returned the favors and introduced him to women he wouldn’t have met on his own. He was very shy with girls. He was very shy with life in general. Then we went our separate ways, and many years later I bumped into him at a car body shop in Santa Monica, of all places. So I knew his ways and there was no reason for me to be suspicious about him. I guess we each had our secrets, but so does everybody else. He’s got a limp in his left leg from a car accident. Sometimes the limp isn’t there. I never figured that out. Anyway, we talked about moving back east, maybe to start up a new business, and finally celebrate Christmas in the snow. And we brought up the woman at the gas station, with the torn umbrella, who put out her cigarette in a puddle of gasoline, and things like that. Nothing specific. Just anecdotes.
With a straight face, Jake explained to me that the bank was managed by the same people who ran the local senior bingo tournament, because he had seen them at both places. He put that face on whenever he felt uneasy about something, or ran up against a wall and realized it was too high to climb. No one took him too seriously and he seemed to be comfortable with joking his way through life. When I look back, I'm not so sure. If the pages of your diary are either empty or contain the word FAIL in block capitals, you’re not going to find life too amusing.
He complained about his leg and the pain, that he needed to take some time off and settle down, move out of his aunt’s house and maybe start a family. Liz was all ears and encouragement. The warm-hearted nurse minding the soldier wounded in combat. I was restless with excitement to hear the details, so I ordered a bloody margarita with an extra dash of tequila and an umbrella for the occasion. I pictured him in the backyard of his little home, forgetting about the burgers on the grill, forgetting about the utility bills and mixing up the birthdays of his kids. He would forget where he parked the car in a dead-end street with no trees, people or other cars. Not that he was full of himself. In fact, he was a very generous guy. Maybe too generous. I can't really say.
What I do know is that I woke up in the morning and Liz was gone. She had packed her things and the framed picture of her brother, who died in the war, which she took everywhere. And Jake also checked out. The manager told me they were holding hands. Maybe he said that only to annoy me. They were kind enough to leave behind a slip from the cleaners. And the car. I can't find the keys, though. No note for me. Nothing. I can't remember the address where she last stayed before moving in with me. She’s not listed in the phonebook. I called her hairdresser, but she couldn’t say anything or was told to keep he mouth shut.
Then the cops knocked on the door and searched the room. They were swarming all over the place like the first flies of spring. I was told the bank had been robbed at gunpoint. I didn't hear any alarms. I asked them how much they took. They wouldn't give the amount, but said it was enough to retire in a house big enough to get lost in with the lights on. Maybe I made up that last part about the lights. You start making things up when the topic is a ton of money. They wanted an alibi from me. My only alibi is a woman who had the better of me. They flipped through the motel register and started asking questions about Liz and Jake. I told them there’s no Bonnie and Clyde thread to their theory, if that’s what they were after. I read in the papers that the man was fat and wore a beard, and the woman, or the person dressed as a woman, was a very pale redhead with a heavy drawl and sunglasses. The only thing they have in common with Liz and Jake is the sunglasses and the habit to leave without notice.
That was over a week ago. They told me to stay here and wait until I get permission to leave. Wait for what? Until the old lady behind the bank counter changes her mind and gives a new description of a thin, bald man in bifocals and an even thinner blond man with a Mexican accent, eating a burrito? I have this feeling of being marooned without the little I had and the last thing I need.
I’ve got time on my hands. It’s a town small enough to fit the entire population into two church services. I constantly ran into people, listening to their version of the heist. Everybody, which means the people who weren’t actually there at the scene, had something different to say. I got the impression that those who remembered the most, knew the least. The barber and the public librarian were convinced it was done by the mob, that the mob was moving into town, bringing with them the racket and hookers. The priest said they had been asking for it. The mayor is worried about his re-election. There is something about this whole affair that makes it seem like a dress rehearsal for a big show. Only they forgot to tell me about it. Liz took my lighter. That’s all I know.
I read that one of those barges ran aground the other day and spilled some of its cargo. It looks so easy. Standing on the bridge, behind the helm, cruising at a walking speed and counting passing cars on the bridges you pass. But you’ll be carrying the weight of a small town and you’ll reach the distance of several football fields to stop. And when you look up from the game of chess or the sports pages, it may be too late. I would never do it. There’s only so much responsibility a man can take.
Terminal
Dick and Sherman stood glued to the enormous wall of undulating glass that encapsulated the ultramodern terminal of the airport. In this temple of impossible architecture and invisible technology, a sublime haven of seamless connections, one quickly succumbed to the sensation that no destination was too distant to reach. They were oblivious of the mile-long tow of the moving walkway that carried them, like pieces of unclaimed baggage on a conveyor belt. They would have been caught off guard, if not disappointed, had they been suddenly teleported in a burst of divine intervention across galaxies and supernovas to a black hole that proved to be nothing less than the haven of no return scientists made it out to be. Well past midnight, they pondered the lights scattered along the runways and taxiways, and the diminishing air traffic, but their gaze inevitably wandered back to the orgy of earthly bulbs and flashes that drew a pulsating halo around the parked charter flight of their company.
The two men had been summoned, shuttled, body scanned and fingerprinted by Homeland Security agents. The procedure was part of an official investigation aimed at clarifying an incident involving the flight of their co-workers. The federal agents acted civilized, but firm, and wouldn't go into any details.
“You will be informed in due course. Your cooperation will be appreciated.”
They flashed their badges and opened the doors of their black SUVs with the routine gestures of doormen at better hotels. Dick fancied the special treatment and the free ride from his home, while Sherman felt an inexplicable fear that one of the agents would pull a black hood over his head and another would stab his neck with a syringe, and inject a revolutionary truth serum into his system. He would be questioned in a subterranean interrogation room with padded walls, permanent fluorescent lighting and doors without knobs, with the right to an attorney, who would never appear. He had once read about the torture tactic of eternally looped music. He would suffer a stroke and die if he had to listen to “I Will Always Love You.” What would he confess to? That he once parked the car in a handicapped spot at a public library and peed on an oleander bush, because he underestimated the combined effects of green tea and maxed air conditioning? He was digesting a mixed emotion of relief and apprehension. They didn't handcuff them and even offered a variety of Beef Jerkies and Coke. But he found it hard to imagine that this whole affair would continue in the VIP lounge, with an exchange of pleasantries over a standing buffet.
“Why us?” he asked.
Sherman was hoping that an ugly bureaucratic error caused by a computer, or by the person operating the computer, would soon be revealed to them by the owners of the Kevlar vests, or by an older, senior official with an apologetic demeanor, who would eventually show up with gray hair and wear an old-fashioned suit, and produce the regretful smile of the deli owner he met a week ago, who was terribly embarrassed about a slice of spoiled pastrami and gave him a complimentary jar of home-made pickled herrings. Sherman would assure them of his understanding of national security priorities, anti-terrorism measures and of his solid refusal to press charges against anybody. Everybody makes mistakes. There’s Watergate, for example. And then he would shake hands and say good-bye in the spirit of camaraderie. The man in the three-piece suit, with a comb-over more in the shade of fatherly white than ordinary gray, would insist on providing him a ride home.
“O.K., boys! We seriously messed this up, so the least we could do for these gentlemen is give them a ride home in a protocol motorcade.”
The only person he saw with gray hair and a suit on, however, was a superintendent overseeing the baggage cart service.
Withheld information made him insecure and nervous. It reminded him of school—before tests, and before the return of graded tests. He found too much information more tolerable, because he could sift through it and find what mattered. At this point, it was impossible to ascertain anything. It could be a raving maniac, or terrorists, wearing belts of dynamite and hand grenades smuggled on board somehow, seizing control of the plane, and he was deployed with Dick to provide emotional and psychological support to their fellow workers, who were taken hostage. He would not have hesitated to help them.
“We’re the only ones not on the plane,” said Dick.
He was right. They were the only employees left behind on a corporate team-building weekend: an all-inclusive trip to the Caramba Theme Park and Resort. A corporate trainer, who advocated the use of medicine balls and earned five-figure fees, was hired to boost professional competencies.
“They’ll be in Gitmo before sunrise. If Bob and Cindy don't get waterboarded, don’t know who will. What do you think?”
Dick, a decorated veteran of the Vietnam War, sporting a trench coat over a tracksuit, watched the spectacle on the tarmac with resigned amusement. His commentary was an effort to divert his attention from his terror of flight and to lay bare his opinion of those on board. These events were only annoying distractions from his awe of the futuristic surroundings. He imagined a 4-D drive-in movie theater to be like this, where ultra high definition displays, audiovisual projections and hyper-realistic productions were indistinguishable from real-life objects, and car chases weren’t viewed on a screen, but experienced in or behind the driver’s seat, with the vibrations of street curbs and side collisions, and the rush of gasoline and exhaust fumes. Dick was hoping that the movies of Sam Peckinpah or Steve McQueen would be technically upgraded, with shoot-outs and crashes.
He was worried that he wouldn’t live long enough to have a virtual crash. The crashes in real life were too expensive and left him with chronic knee pain. He, too, couldn't escape a lackluster feeling of uncertainty, which was not compensated by the airport’s high-tech gloss. His ceremonious title of Chief Security Officer at Porolto Inc.—serving compliance with vague legal requirements and efforts to lend the company an air of law and order—provided no safeguards against his insecurities concerning the future. He had grown accustomed to what company policy defined as incidents, which never escalated into more than skirmishes over parking privileges and the size of company-issued monitors. He was within arm’s reach of retirement, but the closer he got, the more things seemed to get in his way, and his extracurricular stint here didn’t seem to bring him any closer. His plans to open a mini-golf course with his hand-fabricated obstacles and installations were put on hold. Buffer, his only subordinate, a mixed breed of German shepherd and bear, was snoring back at company headquarters.
“I don’t know, Dick. I wish I knew,” answered Sherman.
His answer fizzled out in a vague whisper. Sherman’s words were directed less at his partner, than as a plea to some supreme being, who alone held the solution to his predicament. He had stayed home for his son’s Bar Mitzvah. The company’s Chief Accounting Officer—a descendant in a long line of accountants—was perspiring profusely, despite the optimal temperature and humidity control at the airport. The puffy folds of his freshly shaved face quivered erratically and the wrinkles of his suit deepened further at the rising tide of turmoil that engulfed Porolto. With no rational explanation of the events unfolding before him, he inevitably drew links to the past to make some sense of the present. Under these circumstances, damage mitigation seemed to him the recourse of the happy and the fortunate in the corporate world. This scenario was not defined in civilian company policies, but maybe in those of arms dealers and private military contractors. The Bar Mitzvah was actually two weeks away, but Sherman’s premonitions seldom betrayed him, and he now sensed the inevitable beginning of the end.
He had repeatedly warned others in management about Porolto’s precarious position: plummeting sales, debt, back taxes and lacking provisions to cover possible compensation in the sexual orientation discrimination lawsuit filed by the gay marketing director who, for some reason, was also on the plane with his partner. He had voiced his concerns in hallways, circular emails, over the phone, and went as far as to stick post-it notes to windshields. “We need to talk. Please call me. Sherman.” To no avail. The CEO and minority shareholder was by no means dismissive of Sherman’s findings, and was open to suggestions that contributed to good governance and due diligence. He always offered imported bonbons to him in the office:
“Care for a bonbon, Sherman?”
But he had an inclination to divorce and a weakness for girls half his age, so he drove around in a newly purchased Audi convertible and wore an Ab-Guard male corset to shift dynamics from the corporate to the private.
With his life in full swing, he chartered the plane and booked an entire floor of a five-star hotel in an apparent move of overflowing affection for his staff and absent-minded disregard for the firm. Everybody at the company had put aside their worries about rationalization and reorganization, and all other terms of corporate jargon that resulted in layoffs, long bouts of alcoholism and general sorrow, and celebrated the occasion to binge and pig out. Was he doing this as part of a scheme to cajole his employees into testifying in his defense if things went awry? Would he have to take the stand and give testimony under oath? The company’s books were clean—contingent on a generous measure of goodwill on part of the law and the IRS—and there were no signs of misappropriation or embezzlement. So far. But now they were back, and someone would have to pick up the tab.
Sherman had received a barrage of unwanted emails, enthusiastic tweets and links to Facebook and Flickr photo albums that depicted palm trees, rainbow-colored cocktails with parasols by the poolside, and blurred images of roller coaster rides. He made no attempt to match the anonymous bare butts of male colleagues with the faces of their owners. They were clearly delighted with the weekend agenda, and took pleasure in bringing this to his attention. But there was a strand of annoyance and commotion twisting its way through the brochure narrative of collective recreation and team spirit from the very beginning.
People from payroll squirmed: “That jerk, you know who, wouldn’t let me sit next to the window.” Diane, the office manager, limited her commentary to food: “There is something very blasé about serving turnips with boiled beef above the clouds. With Mexican rosé! Baaarf.” Greg, valued by everyone for his unselfish patience at logistics, was also displeased: “WTF? Am I some kind of terror threat? On my eleventh birthday, on a flight to L.A., I was allowed into the cockpit of a DC-10. I linked the photo my dad took. I just wanted a peek inside. Lame lame lame!” There was plain disgust with maintenance staff: “I once got a whiff of him at the soda machine in the summer and it weirdly gave me the hiccups. And now he’s next to me during the entire flight!” And there were reactions to reactions: “She’s posting mean things about me. Next time she needs help with Word formatting, I’ll tell her to use Notepad and a pencil sharpener. Bitch.”
The boss should have had the upper hand at least on Mondays and not delegate corporate discipline to Dick’s idle dog. Things had gotten out of hand in parallel with the company’s struggling business. Staplers were sent on targeted flights, jalapeño ketchup used to lubricate keyboards and shredders were jammed with tennis socks. During a collective argument over the factory reset of the photocopier, Sherman seriously considered changing his employer.
He had been initially surprised to find himself captivated by the pictures and entries, and labeled himself a perverse voyeur. But he eventually played down any moral reservations he may have had and dug in deeper into their Internet existence. After all, he wasn’t hacking into their private lives, rummaging through underwear drawers and padlocked diaries, but only flipping through pages they cared to share. Or what the different content providers insisted on sharing with or without their knowledge or consent. All the same. In fact, he did nothing else over the weekend. He told his family that he was busy straightening out Excel tables and the company’s accounts.
His newly found preoccupation was not unlike the profession he pursued: a search for the background to people’s assets and liabilities. The Web would one day express their unofficial—and eventually official—net worth as an algorithm-driven aggregate of links pointing to the electronic records of their existence. Some of his colleagues had a minimal or no presence in the virtual domain, limited to a company email address, or to a photo of a different person with the same name, who was born in a different century or shown in a police mugshot. But most of them were out there. Sherman found it remarkable how easy it was to plot their lives through a series of clicks—not more difficult than the dot-to-dot drawings he had made of constellations as a boy. The lines on the Internet, however, were neither straight, nor continuous, but would end abruptly, or zigzag erratically to cached pages, phantom sites and downed servers. Similarly to the visible stars of constellations that had died billions of years ago, and the billions of invisible galaxies, he wondered which of the original posts, blogs, links, shares, tweets, edits and retweets will have been removed from their original point of inception, and by whom, and which would survive in a million instances of other websites spawned by the hybrid of man and machine. He could see dark matter everywhere.
Their lives were anything but cosmic in dimensions: sibling rivalries, A.A. meetings, coleslaw recipes, unpaid child support, obsessed connections to former high school classmates, voluntary product reviews, open letters written to no one specific, exaggerated overestimation and underestimation, photo journals of travels in the backyard, round-the-clock blog posts, and tutorials and how-tos written by a million other people, who have experience in using electronic toothbrushes and storing cremation urns in their homes. By the time the agents had knocked on his door, he had deleted the cache, powered off the computer and felt very satisfied with the life he had.
Dick and Sherman stepped off the walkway. They were guided on by a pretty woman in a neat uniform. She may have been a flight attendant or someone else trained to produce a beautiful smile. But she didn't need the training; it came naturally to her, so Dick was not put off by her, and smiled back. Sherman juggled the proverb in his head about the road to hell paved with good intentions and sweet smiles. The steps of the agent behind them quickened. He told them to wait in front of a frosted glass door. Sherman felt he needed clearance to get to a toilet. The frosting ended just above Dick’s eye level. He stood on his toes to gain the extra inch and smiled, waved his hand at those inside, then beckoned to Sherman. His second attempt to lift Sherman under the arms was successful. All the faces were familiar to Sherman. Some of them twisted caps off of soft drinks, while others sat slumped in a chair, crying. And still others were handcuffed to fixtures in the room. All of them were silent. Their expressions revealed muffled resignation. Whatever happened on that flight, the consequences were being dealt with here, on the ground. A man in a white coat—presumably a doctor—was having a casual conversation with an officer, who wore a ski mask and a machine gun. Just before Dick’s strength gave in, Sherman caught glimpse of a stout man wearing a badge on his belt. They had briefly met him upon arrival at the airport. He was showing thumbs-up and seemed to be looking in his direction. Sherman couldn't decide if the gesture expressed praise of his climbing talents or his ability to keep a distance between himself and the people inside.
###
