Xanadu

By D.Z.C.




Copyright 2013 
ISBN: 9781310340499 





Acknowledgements

I would like to thank Pierre and Jon for their advice, without which the aviation-related segments of this book would be a great deal sparser and less accurate, as well as Zoe, who encouraged me to put it down on paper in the first place. Also, my thanks and apologies go to all of my friends and acquaintances in the French Armed Forces, and especially at the Cellule de coopération bilatérale. 

In reality, they are a clever, competent, tolerant and amusing group of men and women, and would never dream of punching a wounded man in the face, no matter what the provocation.  









A note on names 

Most of the Chinese names in this book are pronounced more or less how they appear, with the following exceptions: 

1. Qingqing is pronounced Tchingtching; 
2. The “Zh” in Zhao and Zhou sounds like a hard J; 
3. Huzi sounds like “Hoodzuh”;
4. Xingxing sounds like “Singsing”.










With Thee, oh, my Beloved, to do a dâk (a dâk I believe is some sort of uncomfortable post-journey)
On the pack-saddle of a grunting yak,
With never room for chilling chaperone,
‘Twere better than a Panhard in the Park.

- Saki














Xanadu
Acknowledgements
A note on names 



Chapter 1: The Criminal Element
Chapter 2: Things to See and Do
Chapter 3: The Kindness of Strangers
Chapter 4: Ta’zir
 
Chapter 5: The Terms of the Problem
Chapter 6: Retail
Chapter 7: The Habit and the Monk
Chapter 8: Sredni Vashtar
Chapter 9: The After-Effects 
Chapter 10: Chicken Hands
Chapter 11: Leverage
Chapter 12: Diplomacy
Chapter 13: Seduction
Chapter 14: sidera errantia quibus procella tenebrarum in aeternum servata est
Chapter 15: Cheaters
Chapter 16: Another Country/The Wench is Dead  
Chapter 17: It All Sounds a Bit Silly
The Bit at the End
The Triumph of Avarice


Chapter 1: The Criminal Element

"Da."
"Oh. Sorry. Mozhno pagavarit 's Nicolas Keszthelyi?"
"It's me, you idiot."
"Oh."
"Where the hell are you? 0093? Where's that?"
"Kabul. I just got out of jail."
"Mazel tov. What were you doing in jail in Afghanistan?"
"I was in jail in Iran. They threw me out of the country."
"Really? Richly deserved, I dare say."
"Forgery, insulting state officials, usury, lying under oath and violating traffic regulations."
"Congratulations. I'm amazed they let you out at all. Still got all your bits?"
"I had to talk them down."
"I'm very pleased for you. Goodbye."
"I'm going to send you some pictures. We need an expert opinion."
"We?"
"I'll call back. I'm running out of credit."
I sat up in bed, accepting that my Saturday morning was more or less ruined. 
"Who was it?" Anastasia asked.
"Estrade. He just got out of jail in Iran and he wants me to look at some pictures."
"Ew. I've heard about what goes on in Iranian jails. Send them back." Disregarding this advice, I opened the message.
"They seem to be a set of Indian ivory carvings. They're rather pretty."
"Let's see."
"Look. Nice, aren't they?"
"Lovely."	
I was about to get back to what I had been doing (Anastasia has given me three heirs so far - time for working on the fourth, consequently, is precious), when the phone rang again. She rolled over.
"I hope they fucking gave him 100 lashes and cut his hands off," she yelled over her shoulder, picking up a book.
"Don’t be ridiculous, Nastia. How would he hold the telephone?” I turned back to Estrade. “They're really very nice. I would put in an offer if I were you," I said hurriedly. "Tell me how it goes. By mail. Dasveda-"
"They're Kushan."
"Surely not? They look... Well, they look Kushan, but they couldn't possibly... I mean..." I spluttered to a halt. He was right, of course.
"Would that make them valuable?"
"It'd make them bloody priceless. Where the hell are they from?"
"A Chinese copper mine a few hours outside of Kabul. I'm not sure how many there are. My source only has these three, but according to him there are dozens, maybe hundreds in there. You think they're real, then? Very interesting. Thank you. Dasveda-" 
"Wait!" I pulled on a pair of trousers and hopped out of the room as a copy of Sustainable Degradation of Lignocellulosic Biomass thudded into the wall, a few inches from my head.
The story was a long and complex one, and kept being cut off by the inadequacy of the connection, intermittent and unexplained bursts of enraged Pashto screaming, and the interminable arguing of my beloved offspring over the Baby Butterscotch Pony (I spent an ungodly amount of money on the thing, contrary to Anastasia’s express orders, and have come to hate it with a fiery passion).
It turned out that the other half of the "we" of whom Estrade had spoken was a very nervous young Chinese businessman by the name of Chen Qingqing. Upon graduating from Tsinghua with honours, the euphonious Mr. Chen had been dispatched by his father to work for one of the latter's mining companies in Afghanistan. In the course of the company's explorations, a complex of once-inhabited caves had been discovered, apparently stuffed to the gills with Buried Treasure. Chen, realising that they could well be sitting on a collection to equal the Begram ivories, immediately called a halt to the work. Unfortunately, the local manager was interested only in the copper that sat beneath them. Moreover, he did not appreciate being given orders by (as he put it) a "second-generation-rich piece of shit", or the idea of stopping work for months or years while the caves were excavated. The standoff lasted for several prickly days, or, more precisely, until Chen was obliged to visit a group of corporate investors in Iran, and a kilo of opium was found in his suitcase at customs.
So it was that he had found himself held on remand with, among others, Forger, Slanderer, Usurer, Liar and Violator of Traffic Regulations Extraordinare, Séraphin Estrade.	
All of which explains why I am writing this at 30,000 feet aboard a Kam Air flight to Kabul. Also, why I have spent the past three nights sleeping in the spare room.

Chapter 2: Things to See and Do

There is such an exquisite Beauty in the Air of Persia, that I can neither forget it my self, nor forbear mentioning it to every body: One would swear that the Heavens were more sublimely elevated, and tinctur'd with quite another Colour there, than they are in our thick and dreary European Climates.

- Sir John Chardin

“Afghanistan is one of my favourite places in all the world,” is a phrase you seldom hear these days. Nevertheless, for centuries upon centuries and for people as diverse as Zoroaster and Rudyard Kipling, it was officially the closest thing to an Earthly paradise. Odes have been written to its clear mountain air, its plashing streams and verdant hillsides, to its groves of cherries and apricots and to its doe-eyed beauties of various genders. What I’m trying to say here, is that Afghanistan is one of my favourite places in all the world (Corsica, Mount Merapi, Fouquet’s…), but even I will admit that Kabul is the pits these days. Not all of it is due to the wars.
I had spent much of the journey wondering whether or not I was doing the right thing. On the one hand, Estrade survives not so much by intelligence or fortitude as by being endlessly unpredictable, and I feel that my life already has more than enough unpredictability in it, even when I do not go out of my way to look for more. On the other, if he had forced himself to come crawling to me for advice, then clearly this meant that he had no other choice. My position in any future negotiations, therefore, would be a strong one.
It took me a while to find him. Kabul Airport is quite gloomy, even at the best of times, and it was bustling when I arrived. I spent at least five minutes scanning the crowd before I spotted him standing by the door, apparently engrossed in a publication entitled “Things to See and Do in Kabul”. Apart from this, he blended into the crowds exceptionally well. Looks-wise, he could more or less pass for Persian or Afghan - Aryan in the true sense of the word. It occurred to me that this was probably why the Iranian government had chosen to put him ashore here, rather than in any of the other states for which he no doubt held false passports. 
He realised he was being watched and looked up, smiling a warm, genuine smile that I was too old and cynical to be entirely convinced by.
“Well, chop chop, where’s this copper mine? I haven’t got all day.”
“Ah yes. About the copper mine…”
“What?”
“Chen knows all about it. I’ll drive you to his hotel.” 
Estrade’s (or more probably someone else’s) antique Toyota was waiting in a corner of the car park, and I stood appreciating the weather and the scenery as he rearranged things in the back in order to fit my bags in. It was a perfect spring day, of the kind you seldom get in Europe. The sunlight gave everything a sharp, purple shadow, and the sky was a bright, ozone blue. The bags stowed, I got in and we swung out past the big, exciting ‘Switch Off Your Jammer’ sign and onto the main road into town. 
There was one question that had been burning in my mind ever since his original phone call. Probably yours too; people are very much alike really. 
“You know what they say about Iranian prisons..?” I hesitated briefly, tactfully (I hoped).
“Yes, indeed they are,” he replied coldly.
“Oh. So-” 
“No, they didn’t.”
“Really?” I was surprised. “I wonder why.” On reflection, this may have come across as a tad insulting.
“I’ve no idea. Perhaps they just didn’t fancy me. It’s been known to happen.” I glanced briefly at his knuckles, which were scratched and bruised. He had clearly been protecting something in there. He overtook an old couple on a scooter, exuding icy silence. Obviously the whole business was still something of a sore point. Actually, apart from the aforementioned minor abrasions, he looked quite sleek. He was wearing an expensive suit and a silk tie as usual, and seemed - if anything - to have flourished on a diet of Persian porridge. I made a mental note of this in my Curious Things folder.
Chen’s hotel turned out to be a gloomy place in the city centre, looking like something from the Intourist Brochure 1975. Chen had taken over a small room on the third floor. It had not, apparently, been very luxurious to start with, but he had successfully transformed it into something that barnyard animals would refuse to inhabit. The whole place stank of opium. Mr. Tsinghua, asleep in the middle of it all, did not appear to be upholding the finest traditions of his alma mater. Estrade picked some shirts up off the floor and folded them absently. Chen’s clothes must have been expensive at some point. I noticed Abercrombie & Fitch and Ralph Lauren labels here and there, and estimated that his glasses and his watch must have set him back a good few thousand as well. I wondered how he had managed to hang onto them throughout his stay at the Ayatollah’s pleasure.
“I suspect that he may be suffering from post-traumatic stress. The manager and I have tried to cure him, but I’m afraid that neither of us are qualified for the job. You wouldn’t happen to have any ideas?” I had seen the manager on our way in: a short, fat, sweaty man in a vest. He had an air of all-encompasing bellicosity of the kind that you usually only find among Neapolitans and the Scots. I could see how he may not be the world’s most gifted therapist.
“I dunno. Aren’t you supposed to make them do cognitive behavioural therapy or something?”
“You want me to teach him to make raffia baskets? I was hoping for something rather more expeditious.” 
“A slap?”
“It’s been tried.”
“?” I raised an eyebrow. 
“Not by me, I have to say. He’s been bringing women in here. I think his tastes are a bit… ah… raffiné at times.”
“Dare say he picked up some new techniques in the nick,” I muttered. “I dunno. PTSD doctors shouldn’t be hard to find round here. The place is crawling with do-gooders. Isn’t there a Médecins sans Frontières post you could take him to or something?”
“I’ve been doing some research. There’s a German place in Kart-e-Sakhi. It might be a bit new age for your tastes, though. They hand out flyers talking about the healing process.”
“Well, we can but try.” I was happy to consider any course of action that would get us out of that filthy hotel room.

“You don’t look very traumatised,” was the pretty American doctor’s diagnosis. She had bright pink hair and a ring in her nose, which I found rather sweet.
“Not me. Him,” I said, pointing rudely at Chen, who looked very traumatised indeed. As we had been putting him into the car he’d had a sudden bout of the horrors, and it had taken both of us to force him into the back seat, where he had crouched, gibbering for the entire journey. He flinched whenever someone honked at us, which, given Estrade’s level of consideration for other road users, was often.
“Ah. Now you’re talking.” We stood opposite her desk, like schoolboys called in to see the headmaster. It was several inches deep in grant forms and similar begging letters. She appraised Chen carefully. He was staring, apparently revolted, at something invisible in one corner of the room.
“Can you do anything for him?” I asked.
“Have you considered cognitive behavioural therapy?” she enquired briskly. I gave Estrade an I-told-you-so look.
“Yes, we have,” Estrade lied shamelessly, “But most of the time he isn’t in a state to attend the sessions, and apparently he frightens the other patients.” 
“I can see how he might,” the doctor agreed thoughtfully.
“Isn’t there some sort of pill you can give him to pep him up a bit?” I put in. “Whatever they used to give Marines in Vietnam to stop them going wobbly.”
“You’d rather have him psychotic?”
“Well I don’t know. You’re the expert; couldn’t you modulate the dose or something?” She looked disapproving. “Look, we really need him. We’ve got to get him back online urgently.”
“You need him? What for?” She crinkled up her face distastefully, and I backed and filled.
“Oh God, not for that.”
“That’s what got him into this mess in the first place,” Estrade observed unhelpfully, flicking an invisible particle of dust off the sleeve of his jacket.
“It’s a business thing,” I said, deciding to try the truth. It would be more believable than some sob story about our fallen friend. “We’ve got a very important transaction in the works, and if he’s not compos mentis within the next few days, the whole thing could very well go down the pan.” I put on my most appealing, puppy-dog expression. She looked sceptical.
“So go and find someone on the market to sell you some amphetamines. I’m sure there are plenty of them. I’m not helping you drag this poor man’s mind hither and yon in search of a quick profit. It’s unethical.” I shrugged regretfully and turned to leave (that market suggestion sounded like a good idea - why had neither of us thought of it?).
“To the market, then,” I said cheerfully, once we were out of earshot. “Lay on, MacDuff.” Estrade looked doubtful.
“We could try it, I suppose.”
“What? What’s wrong?”
“If you were suffering from post-traumatic stress, would you attempt to cure yourself by taking unmarked pills sold to you as speed by a stranger on a market stall in Kabul?” I considered this. In fact, it did sound slightly like the sort of thing that I would do. Nevertheless, looking at it from an outsider’s point of view, I could see why some people might consider it inadvisable. 
“Hmmm. You may have a point. So what do we do now?” He looked at me with a resigned sort of expression for a second or two, and turned back to the doctor’s office. I caught the door just before it clicked shut, and - holding onto Chen with my other hand - proceeded to earwig as Estrade folded himself into one of the two chairs opposite the desk. The doctor had been on the phone when he walked in.
“- look someone’s just come in, I’ll call you back.” The click of the receiver being replaced. “Are you going to persuade me?”
“Well I was intending to, but we’re really in rather a rush at the moment, so I’ll make you a proposition. How would it be if you gave me the pills now…”
“Tsk.”
“… and then I’ll come back here around eight tonight…” The chair creaked slightly, and I imagined him leaning forward, his elbows on the desk. I could almost hear her raise her eyebrows. “… and persuade you then?” I held my breath as the silence dragged out, and then jumped sideways as Estrade swept through the door, chucking me the bottle of pills as he passed.

We drove back to the hotel with Chen snoring loudly in the back seat.
“That was a very noble sacrifice you made back there.”
“Oh, you know me.” 

I should probably say here, for the benefit of new arrivals, that while I was not going to let the knowledge get in the way of my teasing him mercilessly, I suspected that the fact of the doctor being young and attractive had barely registered with Estrade. He would have been entirely capable of exercising exactly the same strategy on a plain woman or, indeed, a man, with no personal emotional involvement beyond a quiet, professional pride in his own work.
This, of course, is a large part of the reason that so many people find his behaviour unpredictable; the rare parts that are visible above the surface are a poor reflection of what is happening beneath (“deceive the heavens to cross the ocean”, as the Chinese put it). I wondered, not for the first time, whether he really gave a damn about the Kushan ivories, and, if not, why he had decided to lure me out here.

Chapter 3: The Kindness of Strangers

What can I say about the afternoon? It was a dreary procession of coffee, pills, vomiting, shrieking, ice water, more vomiting and the occasional bout of physical violence. But enough about me…1
Evening found us sitting on the tiny balcony of Chen’s room, watching in the cool of the evening as the mountains turned from golden to violet and then black. Chen was wrapped in a blanket and shivering, but otherwise looked a lot better than before. Estrade left at half past seven to fulfill his promise to the doctor. 
“You need some extra cash?” I called after him, “If she’s got any self-respect she’ll insist on being taken to the Café Zarnegar before you even start on the persuasion aspect of the evening.” He looked sour.
“If she had any self-respect she’d have thrown us out the minute we arrived.” He stalked moodily off and I glanced at the patient. I was hoping that the doctor was easily persuaded - we might well need more than one bottle of whatever it was she’d given us.
Chen sat, staring morosely out at nothing, until shortly after the call to the Isha’a prayers had finished.
“You know…” he began finally. I was surprised to hear that he spoke perfect American English. “You know…”
“Yes?”
“I dunno.”
“Well, I shouldn’t think it matters very much,” I said, in what I hoped was a comforting tone of voice. There was silence for another ten minutes.
“So you’re the guy that Ilyushkin says will get us the ivory carvings?”
“I’m the guy that what, sorry..?” I gaped for a moment. “Oh. That Ilyushkin. Certainly. I’m your man. I do wish he’d stop doing this.”
“He told me all about you. I guess I got a bit wasted in between times, but I pretty much remember that.”
“From what he told me, we could well be looking at a collection to equal the Begram ivories…” I prompted.
“Oh we are. ” He took off his glasses, polished them, put them back on again, decided he did not enjoy the sight of reality, and put them down on the table. “I was there the day they broke in. We were surveying for the mine. We’d done all the geophysics on the place, and we knew it was full of caves, but the whole area’s full of caves - it was nothing more than we’d expected. We found a place where the rock was quite thin and just blasted through. We… we weren’t expecting there to be anything on the other side... Right after we broke through at our end, the roof fell in at the back of the cave. This was back in January and it was freezing and bright as hell. Like in the Swiss Alps…” He slumped back, lost in the memory. “It was like a miracle or something. The light was shining in from where the roof had fallen. It was like a palace in there. It had… I dunno… not Ionic pillars, but something similar…” He glanced up at me; I was suddenly looking very gloomy. “What?”
“January? All this happened back in January?”
“Yes, why?”
“Because if we’re very lucky, some of the pillars might still be left in there.”
“We closed the whole lot up - I made sure of that. Anyway, work isn’t scheduled to begin until next year. That’s why I was in Iran. We need more investment if we’re going to exploit the deposits efficiently.”
“Well I’d still like to wander down there and have a butcher’s. Reckon you’ll be up to it tomorrow?” I asked.
“Maybe, I guess.” I watched as the last glow of the sunset faded from behind the edge of the mountains. There were some children playing in the garden behind the hotel, shrieking at each other in the dark shadows between the cypress trees. 
“And while we’re at it,” I said after a while, “Riddle me this, second-generation-rich kid, if your dad runs the company, why not just get him to slap a protection order on the whole lot?” Chen hauled himself up, looking pale and nauseous.
“It’s a joint venture. Actually he only owns about 40% of the company. Zhao Jianguo is the principal shareholder out here on the ground, and his word is law. Besides…” He shifted in his seat again. “My dad’s a nice guy and everything, but as far as he’s concerned, ‘art’ is a pair of gold-plated foo dogs that he can sit on his desk. The dude grew up in the Cultural Revolution. Pretty much no one’s aesthetic sensibilities survived that intact.” I considered this.
“Whereas,” I began, treading more delicately now, not wishing to appear overly suspicions, “As far as you’re concerned, the contents of that cave are worth spending time in an Iranian jail for..?” 
The silence stretched out, the sounds of the darkening city burbling up beneath us. At last Chen spoke, sounding oddly philosophical.
“You know… Ilyushkin saved my… well… not to put too fine a point on it, but… my ass… in there. Second day in and some huge motherfucker’s got me cornered.  I swear, I thought I was done for. Ilyushkin just walked over and rammed the guy’s head into the wall. Then he went back to sleep. The other dude was still in a coma when we got out.” I refrained from remarking that in all likelihood Estrade had merely been irked at having his sleep interrupted. “I guess he was probably just pissed because we’d woken him up,” Chen continued, saving me the trouble. “But I’m still grateful. So yeah… if you want the absolute truth, that ivory bullshit has begun to pall for me. But I owe this dude big-time, and if he wants them, then I’ll help get them out.” He thought for a little while longer, before adding, “And if that involves fucking over Zhao Jianguo, then great.”
It was a long speech for someone whose brain had been so comprehensively addled, and he leant back afterwards, slightly breathless, looking as though he was not entirely certain who either of us were. Fortunately, any incipient awkwardness was interrupted by a loud rap on the door.
“Qingqing!” It was a woman’s voice. She managed to make the vocative four syllables long: Tchiying-tchiying. He brightened up considerably upon hearing it, and I raised an eyebrow. 
“It’s not locked!” he yelled, and turned to me, saying more quietly. “It’s Bibi. She’s, well… she’s a drug dealer. But she’s amazing. You’ll like this, I promise.” Then more loudly, “We’re on the balcony!”
The balcony was small, with our chairs taking up most of it. Moreover the door was extremely narrow. Bibi nevertheless managed, somehow, to swagger in the limited space available to her. While taking her leopard-print headscarf off. She was tiny - barely over five feet, even in heels, and had dusty reddish-brown hair and bright green eyes. She stood looking at me curiously with one hand on her hip.
“’Sup yo.” I stared.
“What?” 
“I. Said. Sup. Y’all,” she said, as if explaining to an idiot, and turned to Chen, “Your boy deaf or sompn?”
“Isn’t she awesome?” Chen asked me, grinning from ear to ear.
“Quite sompn,” I agreed.
“She learnt English from MTV. And then from the US Marines, I think. She’s the best.”
“Aww. You my boo too, sweetie.” She pulled the third chair around, and sat on it Christine Keeler-style. “Now, you boys want to get crunk tonight? I brought some good-ass tree.” He glanced at me, still grinning, spreading his hands to indicate an inability to articulate quite how magnificent the young lady was. Clearly this was a show that never grew old for him.
“I’ll get…” he began, fumbling for his wallet, and then paused. “Actually Bibi, you know what? The guys here, they’re trying to get me clean and shit. I guess I’d probably better not.” She sucked her teeth.
“You know there’s starving children up in Africa who’d-“
“Actually,” I interrupted, “I don’t want to get caught practicing medicine without a license or anything, but I dare say the odd spliff or two won’t kill you. Don’t they actually prescribe it for PTSD in Canada or somewhere? Or possibly I’m thinking of cancer... In any case, it probably won’t hurt.”
“Yeah baby boy, you go roll yourself a fat one.” She waved the baggie. “You don’t want it, there’s plenty that do…”
“Ah well, go on then. If you insist.” I collected my things together as he searched for his rolling papers. 
“Look, I’ve got to go and find myself a hotel,” I said. “But stay off the hard stuff, alright? I want to see this copper mine tomorrow.”
“Sure, sure.”
“You think they’ve got any rooms here?”
“Bro, you’re welcome to crash at my crib if you want a bed that doesn’t have fucking syphilis,” said Bibi, looking disdainfully round the room.
“Really? That’s very kind of you… ah…”
“Twenty dollars for one night. Five nights paid up front.”
“Ah.”
“Won’t Rafiullah have something to say about that?” Chen asked, glancing up. “That’s her husband,” he added, in my direction.
“That’s what I actually came up here to tell you. Ole Raf’s all the way in Kunduz right now, visiting with Bitch Tits’ family. You’re welcome to move in ‘til he gets back.”
“Really?” Chen looked as though nothing could have brought him greater pleasure. I personally had my doubts.
“I don’t want to be an imposition…”
“Don’t be a pussy.” 
“Well ok, but what about Ilyushkin?”
“We’ve got room. My man’s ballin’, honey.” I glanced at Chen, who shook his head.
“He’s not, or he wouldn’t send her out selling this shit, but he inherited some huge fucking town house from his great-uncle. It’s cold as hell in there, but otherwise not bad.” I tried to call Estrade as Chen and Bibi did their best to tidy the room. There was no answer. Clearly the good doctor was not as easily persuaded as all that. 
The house was only a short way from the hotel, and since Estrade had taken the Toyota, we piled all the things into a taxi, an ancient Citroen estate that reminded me of an old shooting-brake used by my grandparents’ poacher neighbours back when I was at school (it even had a similar smell of dead animals - it took me right back).
“By the way, who’s Bitch Tits?” I asked Chen, trying to frame the query as politely as I could in the circumstances.
“Lalma. Her husband’s other wife,” he glanced round, whispering, “He’s gay, but he has to kiss up to Lalma because she comes from a better family than him.” 
“Oh, he is not gay. You gay.” Bibi dumped a huge duffle bag into the boot. This was obviously an argument that had been had before.
“He is too,” Chen stuck his tongue out. “Give it up, Bibi. Everyone knows that man fucks little boys.” I tried to pour oil on troubled waters.
“I do hope we won’t be messing up your household arrangements.”
“Aw, that’s cute of you. No. Lalma took her damn kids with her.”
“And you don’t have children of your own?” She threw her head back and laughed.
“Nah, I’m good. I’m not about to ruin what I got just yet… Besides, Ole Raf isn’t so big on the conjugal duties, know what I mean?”
“Be. Cause. He. Is. Gay,” came a queasy sounding voice from the back seat.
“Fuck you. The man is sixty, and has heart disease.” The image was an intriguing one, I’ll admit.
“So he’s a very old gay with circulatory problems.”
The house was astonishing: an ancient, crumbling labyrinth, crawling round an echoing courtyard that contained an empty pond and a spreading peach tree. Inside was mostly bare concrete, ill-lit and laid out in such a way that the shortest distance between two points was seldom a straight line. There was something almost non-euclidean about the set up, with walls and doors seeming to shift and rearrange themselves as soon as you passed. Making for a distant, illuminated doorway or a half-remembered staircase, if you let your eyes or your attention wander for even a brief time you would find yourself, inexplicably, in a different part of the house altogether. M.C. Escher would have had a ball. 
Most of the rooms were dark and contained only bare sticks of Soviet-era furniture, plus the occasional paraffin heater. Bibi wheeled several of these through to the main sitting room, a cavernous, echoing space that could have passed for a ballroom in one of the less important country houses. She served us coffee and we kept our coats on.
The discussion of Rafiullah’s sexuality continued throughout most of the night.

Chapter 4: Ta’zir

I was woken by a terrifying shriek: Chen Qingqing continuing to work through his psychological issues. I fell asleep again almost immediately, and woke up rather more gently around an hour later. It was icy cold in the room I had been given, with the heater warming no more than a few meager inches of the bright mountain air. I huddled under my covers, feeling oddly upbeat. Getting out from under the blankets would be horrible, but the day was sunny and felt full of potential. Who knew? I might even summon up the courage to have a wash in Bibi’s unheated concrete bathroom.
Bibi and Chen were already up when I made my way down to the kitchen, which was a small grey cube, overfilled with a miscellaneous selection of consumer appliances. There were, I remember, five different microwaves stacked against one wall. In the sharp, blue daylight the house looked far more decrepit, but not even this could dampen my mood. Bibi had made (bought?) roht and was sitting dipping pieces in her tea. Chen was looking haggard, and contenting himself with tea only. They had been discussing something between themselves and broke off suddenly as I opened the door. Bibi pushed the plate of bread over to me, looking innocent, and poured an extra cup.
“Sup, sleepyhead. I done made us a picnic. When do you want to leave?” She nodded over at an old-fashioned wicker picnic basket. I was surprised, partly by the picnic basket, but mostly by the fact that Bibi seemed to know all about our plans.
“Are you sure you want to come?” I asked, diplomatically. “It’ll probably be very boring.” She looked at me with her head on one side.
“What? You think Raf and Lalma give me evenings and weekends? I never get to take a holiday. Besides, you niggaz got nothing but that old Toyota. If you want to make it up there you’ll need a better ride, which I got.” She reflected briefly on the impact of her statement, before adding, “So hush yo’ mouth, shawty.”
“Well, I suppose so. I’ll call Ilyushkin and tell him what’s happening.” I did my best, but was passed directly to his voicemail box. “Well, never mind. He’ll be at the hotel, we’ll pick him up on the way.”
“He wasn’t staying in the same hotel,” Chen said. I sighed. “I don’t know where he went.”
“Well he can’t have vanished,” I said, flying in the face of previous experience. “I’ll try a few.” I fired up Tripadvisor and got to work. The other two looked on as though I was doing something remarkable. “Yes, hello. I’m looking to speak to Mr. Ilyushkin… No, I haven’t got the room number.” I put my hand over the speaker and turned to Chen. “What’s his first name?” Chen gawped, understandably perhaps.
“Er… Shit. Um. I want to say ‘Vladimir’..?”
“Vladim-”
“Casimir!”
“Casimir… No? Are you sure? Oh well, never mind.” Chen and Bibi were looking at me in a somewhat recriminating fashion by now. Bibi tapped her long, silver nails on the plastic table top.
“I thought you guys knew each other..?” Chen asked warily.
“We do, but your new friend’s name is something of a moveable feast. You met him in jail. What were you expecting?”
I tried a few different places, and finally tracked him down at the Intercontinental - the closest thing Kabul has to a high-class establishment. Somehow, I could understand why he had preferred not to take a room for Chen in the same place. I asked them to call up but there was no answer - a fact from which I drew no conclusions.
“Well I suppose I’ll drive round there and check. It’s a start at any rate.” I had some difficulty in convincing the other two not to tag along. I dare say that I am too softhearted for my own good, but I was worried that Chen’s feelings would be hurt if he found out that Estrade was staying in far more luxurious circumstances than he was. I also had some trouble leaving the house, as every attempt to reach the front door seemed to leave me standing in the courtyard.  In addition to this, I was wondering what the pair of them had been whispering about when I walked in earlier. Hopefully the topic had not been How Best to Rob and Murder Nicolas Keszthelyi. 
The taxi ride down to the hotel - free and alone in a distant and bewildering city - was strangely enjoyable, and I cranked down my window, much to the driver's disapprobation. He lit a cigarette and hunched over the wheel, huffing and puffing obscurely to himself. My phone buzzed: Anastasia informing me that her intern at work had invited us to share his father’s box for Eugene Onegin in two weeks’ time (clearly a lad who knows which way his bread is buttered). I replied that I should be back well before then.
Well, luxurious it may be, but I don’t think I shall ever be able to get past the astonishing ugliness of the Kabul Intercontinental. Who on earth could have looked at the plans and thought “what a good idea”? 
I arrived after breakfast had finished, and the place was comparatively silent. Estrade had a room on the fourth floor. I knocked. Waited. Knocked again. The door swung open a little. This worried me somewhat. Pushing the door further back, I crept in. The room was comfortable, if unlikely to win any interior design awards. But for the laptop open and flickering on the desk, the place might well have been unoccupied (again, I drew no conclusions from this - obsessively fastidious, Estrade is a chambermaid’s dream). I stepped towards it. The screen had not yet gone to sleep, which must mean that… I froze as the realisation sank in.
“Oh, it’s you.” The voice came from behind me, where Estrade was pushing the door shut and carefully folding up a nasty little knife. “You’ll excuse the welcome; I was expecting someone else. He must have been dressing when I arrived, as a shirt was hanging from the door. As he turned to get it, I raised an eyebrow.
“Scratch a bit, did she?” I asked. He glanced round, smiling slightly in a cat-like sort of way. I took a seat at the desk. Anastasia, I am sure, would have been burnt as a witch 400 years ago: her curses are dire and infallible. His back had been comprehensively shredded - clearly someone he had offended in Iran had devoted a great deal of care and attention to expressing their precise level of irritation. Once again I wondered exactly what had happened out there; somehow I found it difficult to imagine Estrade at bay.
“I know that it’s probably not my place to give advice,” I said after a while, “But have you ever considered getting some sort of job where you don’t get shot and put in jail and horsewhipped?”
“What do you suggest I do? Upload details of my career to date to LinkedIn?”
“Hmm. You may have a point.” I decided, prudently, to refrain from asking whom he had been expecting when I arrived. It looked like the second-to-last-act in a dreary tale of lies and recriminations, and I wanted no part in it. Apparently everyone involved in this venture had a wide selection of problems that they would prefer not to share with the group. Somehow this did not seem like the most auspicious of beginnings.  “In any case, we’re going to the mine right away. Bibi’s made us a picnic, so get a move on.”
“A picnic?”
“Yeah.”
 Estrade paid the bill (yes, paid – with actual money) and we drove round to Bibi’s house in the Toyota. Around halfway there, a thought that had been stirring vaguely in my mind resolved itself into a conclusion.
“You know what I think?”
“Hmm?”
“I think they dropped the original charges. If I had to make a wild guess, I’d say that they did that,” I waved vaguely in his general direction, “To you for attempting to test the building’s structural qualities using a fellow-inmate’s head.”
“Quite. But I’ll thank you for not mentioning it in front of Chen. It’ll set him off again, and I could do without another afternoon like yesterday’s.” I was at a loss. He never had much of a sense of cause and effect, but this seemed astoundingly careless, even by his standards.
“But… I mean… Didn’t it hurt like hell?” 
“No, it felt like Gargantua’s goose,” he snapped back irritably. I suppose he had a point: it had been a silly question. He shrugged. “I may have overdone it,” he admitted, relenting slightly. “I’d just arrived and felt that the point could do with making.” The point that Chen was not to be touched? Interesting. “The man looked quite intimidating; I’ll admit, I was expecting rather more resistance than I got.”
 “I don’t actually know a great deal about Afghan law regarding cultural property, but I suspect that it’s unlikely to look kindly on what we’re doing right now. Your point-making skills may well be needed again soon enough.”
 
Chapter 5: The Terms of the Problem

When we arrived back at the house, Bibi (looking demure in a full-length veil) and Chen (looking like he’d just been clusterbombed) were sitting in the open boot of Rafiullah’s Landcruiser, watching Lonely Island videos on Chen’s phone. Looking at them, it was hard to believe that they shared any sinister secrets. I however, was unwilling to forget the way in which they had clammed up earlier. I was not entirely happy about living in a gothic nightmare belonging to a woman who had things to say that she felt had to be whispered behind my back. 
“Jesus. At last. I’m going to miss my whole holiday because of you guys.” She jumped into the driver’s seat and we pushed Chen up next to her as if he was a five year-old mounting his first pony. As he was clearly in no state to ride in the back, we were left to share the bed (as it were) on both the outward and the return journey. 
The car rolled forward and we were nearly deafened by Nicki Minaj. Estrade and I both turned round. He shrugged, and I rapped on the window.
“What?” Bibi asked, turning round (but, terrifyingly, not stopping). “Don’t tell me… You’re more of a Kanye guy, right?”
“No, look… I’m not complaining,” I shouted, “But this does not seem to be turning into the most sophisticated industrial espionage mission I have ever participated in.” She flapped a hand at me and yelled back.
“Pffft. I’ll turn it down some when we get there.” It was my turn to shrug, and I sat back down.
The journey lasted rather more than the three hours described by Chen, owing to our frequent stops. Bibi had rarely been outside of Kabul, and so we stopped to admire the view (five times), take group photographs (twice), pet some goats (once) and paddle in an icy-cold stream full of razor-sharp rocks (once). We also stopped once to allow Chen to throw up into a heart-stoppingly beautiful valley, and – when we realised that there was no chance of us arriving at the mine before mid-afternoon - to eat the picnic. The latter did not go as far as intended, as it was shared with four children that appeared out of nowhere the second we took the hamper out of the car, ignoring a volley of curses from Bibi. Estrade ate little, preferring to spend the hour practicing his prison Farsi on them, much to their amusement. After lunch, in a polite acknowledgement of local sentiments, the music switched to a truly dire collection of rap anasheed, and the volume was lowered quite a bit. 
Finally, at around three o’ clock, Chen slid back the window to inform us that we were nearly there. I’m sure the place has a name, but I don’t know it. The mine sat in a hollow between two mountain peaks, everything for miles around consisting of brown rocks or orange dust. All vegetation had, apparently, given up and gone home several miles back, and the snowline was not far off. A buzzard screeched somewhere above us. In the thin air, it all seemed far too bright, and I wished I had brought sunglasses. We had been heading South for most of the day.
Bibi turned the terrifying wailing down to a reasonable volume and we crunched along a recently-constructed gypsum path towards a chain link fence. And then stopped. Armed guards stood on either side of the gate. As we watched, another appeared from behind a pile of rocks, holding a Rottweiler on a leash. Chen slid the window back once more, looking worried. All three of the guards were staring at us.
“None of this security shit was there last time I came, I swear. Something must have happened. Fuck. They’re watching us. Back it up, Bibi.” The guard with the dog was heading towards us. We reversed back over the crest of the hill, our wheels spinning slightly on the uneven surface, descended the road a little further, and pulled into a lay-by in one of the tiny passes that branched off. We came to a halt and I opened the window.
“Explanations, Mr Chen,” I said, in a voice that had icicles hanging from it. “Moscow-Kabul return tickets are expensive things, and I am not in a good mood.”
“Shitshitshit. It was pretty much open last time I came here.”
“If you gave Zhao Jianguo any idea of the value of these things, he may have decided to protect them,” I pointed out.
“No, he thought they only had, you know, cultural value. I don’t think he’d realise they could be sold on the black market. Look, it’s not necessarily anything to do with us; for all we know the local Taliban have just been getting trigger-happy or something.”
“And besides, what fun would it be if we could just walk in and out?” I asked sourly. 
We had been so engrossed in our conversation that we had not noticed the humourless-looking Chinese official in a sort of amateur Stasi uniform glaring at us. We noticed him in earnest when he finally snapped out an order in Mandarin, and we all turned simultaneously to stare guiltily at him. And then Chen laughed.
“Huzi! Oh my God, am I glad to see you!” He cackled again, sounding not a little manic, opened the door, and fell out, flat on his face. The rest of us, Huzi included, stared blankly down at him. Finally Huzi pulled him to his feet, still looking entirely nonplussed. Chen turned to us.
“Huzi does security for Lanfeng Mining. Yeah, I know he looks like a fascist, but actually he’s a really cool guy. Wait a minute. I’ll see what’s going on.” 
They headed away from the car, chattering earnestly in Chinese.
“You know,” I said to Estrade, taking the opportunity to air an issue that had been on my mind for the past few hours, “I’m not entirely convinced by those pills the doctor gave us. I think we might be sending him too far the other way. Perhaps you could go back and get us some methadone or something when we get back to town.”
“Certainly not,” he said with a certain hauteur. “My work here is done; if you want methadone, you know what you have to do to earn it.” Bibi laughed like a drain, ending with a painful-sounding coughing fit.
“You’re a crack ho, that’s what you are,” she cackled, pointing at Estrade. We sat there staring silently ahead for a second or two, before Estrade turned to me, looking even blanker than usual.
“So, LinkedIn, you were saying…?”  
Chen returned quite quickly (Chinese is a language that does not waste words), and got into the car with rather less grace than he had left it.
“Ok, so it’s not bad news, but we’ve still got to get the fuck out of here. Zhao Jianguo’s arriving any time now - that’s why Huzi’s up here.” Bibi spun the car round in a whirlwind of dust and gravel, and we sped off down the mountain, not even bothering to switch the CD player back on. Halfway into the next pass we spotted a convoy of blacked-out 4x4s approaching from the other direction. 
“Oh fuckity-fuck. That’s him; he’ll see us. I think I’m going to be sick,” Chen burbled, ducking down behind the dashboard.
“Get up, fucktard. We’ve got tinted windows, and if you’re going to call Ralph you’d better open one of them quick.”
“No, it’s ok. It passed. But that’s definitely him. I can smell his nasty hair oil.” The pass was narrow and we edged by the convoy carefully, trying to catch a glimpse of anything at all through their reflective windows. It was no good.
“He seems to travel in more style than we do,” I commented, but quietly, so that Bibi would not hear. 
We finally pulled up on a grass verge near where we had eaten the picnic on the way there, and got out to have a Serious Confab.
“Ok,” Chen began. “Well this is what Huzi told me, right? He said that they got some other guy - not one of the Iranians, someone else - to put some money into the thing. They used it to start shifting all the equipment up there. They want to start the first extractions in June or July; Zhao thinks that they’ll be able to get more cash out of the Iranians if they’ve got something to show them. The only reason they put the fence up and got the guards is to protect the kit that they already moved up there, which I guess is good news for us. Huzi doesn’t think that anything has been touched since then. They’ve got a couple of vertical impact shaft crushers on order from Shanghai and they haven’t arrived yet.”
“A couple of what?” 
“Things for turning big rocks into little rocks,” he explained impatiently. “In any case, we’ve got until July to get that shit out of there. What’s your plan?”
“My plan?” I spluttered. “I just sell the things, I don’t make plans. Plans are for criminals.” Ever so slowly, we turned to look at Estrade. He returned our stare, eyes narrow. A lesser gang of desperados than we were would have shrunk back.
“The flattery just never ceases today, does it?” he asked finally. 
“I didn’t mean ‘criminal’ in the bad sense, obviously,” I backed and filled. “Oh come on. Don’t arse about.”
“Yeah. You da man wit da plan.” He sighed. 
“As things stand we’ll never be able to get in there to take them out.”
“So…?” 
“So we get Zhao Jianguo to bring them out for us. Obviously.” He turned back to the truck. Chen gave me a questioning look, and I shrugged helplessly. Of course I had worked out what Estrade intended to do (I’m not a fucking idiot), but I had no desire to share any of it with Chen ahead of time, or to be expected to participate fully in the less legal aspects of it.
We got back in and the car started up (as did the miserable nasheed-monger).
“So, blackmailing Zhao Jianguo,” I said brightly. “Do you actually know the man?”
“We’ve never met. We shall have to investigate him properly back in Kabul.”
“As long as you leave me out of it. I’ve no wish to find a kilo of opium in my suitcase the next time I go through customs.”
“Sometimes I suspect that you over-charge for your services.”
“Market forces, you know.”
We stopped again at Bibi’s request, to watch the sun set over the distant peaks, each thinking his or her own solitary thoughts. Finally, we got back in and drove back home, hurrying to be down off the mountains before night fell in earnest. The Hindu Kush after dark is impossibly bleak and terrible. Also, full of nutters. As we rolled to a halt in the glow of the streetlight that lit up the front of the house, Bibi sighed happily.
“That was the best day ever.” We all looked a little surprised.
“It was?” Chen asked, as if searching for the sarcasm.
“Yep.”
“We aim to please,” said Estrade, kindly. 

Chapter 6: Retail

I was woken by a text message from Anastasia, demanding to know exactly how long I intended to spend playing at Carry On Up the Khyber, and whether I had booked my ticket home yet.
If you have ever attended horse fairs with participants from various countries, you will no doubt have noticed one incredible thing: whether you are in Cork, Krakow or Ulan Baator, all horses speak the same language. The proprietors will probably not understand you, but their stock most definitely will. The same techniques are used to break, train and control horses everywhere in the world. Why? Because the first and the best horses were bred by the barbarian nomads of central Asia; anyone wanting access to their new and devastating military technology had to adopt their methods. This, in fact, was the origin of the Silk Road: civilised societies would trade labour-intensive luxury goods for the nomads' “blood-sweating heavenly horses”, as Li Bai described them. 
For thousands of years, then, acquisitiveness has been driving indulgent urban sophisticates like myself out into the wilds of central Asia, to risk their lives dickering with wild-eyed, murderous tribesmen. I dare say their wives thought they were being silly too. (What would ye ladies? It was ever thus./Men are unwise and curiously planned.)

I had been hoping to go straight up to my cold, hard bed once we got in (I had left a nightlight on in my room, knowing that I would never find it again otherwise), but the others wanted to hear about this marvellous plan, and Estrade wanted to collect a maximum of information from Chen before spending the next day shadowing Zhao Jianguo. Bibi, who had her regular drug rounds to catch up on, was rather disappointed at not being able to participate in the planned expedition. The rest of us, I think, were somewhat relieved. I’d been having visions of us all in the Landcruiser, creeping down the street at walking pace behind Zhao, Rack City blaring from the speakers.
If this brought a sense of relief, our attempts to research him at a distance did not. We sat among the shifting shadows in Bibi’s immense black hole of a sitting room, racking our brains for anything that could help us.  Disappointingly for our purposes, the man seemed to lead a life of stolid, communist virtue (if one excludes the occasional planting of large quantities of narcotics in others’ luggage). He had a mistress in Urumqi, Chen informed us, but considering that most modern Chinese businessmen have several, this did not help us much. Any financial fraud in which he may have been involved was far too well-hidden for Chen to be able to spot it in the company documents still on his laptop. Either that or Chen was just an idiot; as far as I could tell the chances were about even. Zhao had undoubtedly forked over hefty bribes in return for the rights to the mining concession, but these too had been executed in such a way as to be invisible to our prying eyes. Also, and possibly more importantly, none of us except for Chen had ever spoken to the man. Even should we manage to dig up the bland, discrete data of his life online, I would still be no closer to understanding him as an individual until we engineered a meeting.

Bibi was helping us by entering his name repeatedly into Google, and making irritable noises when the results provided her with access to every single Zhao Jianguo on the face of the planet except the one we wanted. 
I slipped out to bring back some unidentifiable street food and flirt with the ex-bacha (dancing boy) who ran the stall (I admit it: I enjoy being desired - who is on the other end of the transaction is a secondary consideration). When I returned they were still discussing every known aspect of Zhao Jianguo’s life and business activities. Estrade was doing his best to talk Chen through these one-by-one, in an attempt to discover something from which we could profit.
“Wait! I got him!” Bibi yelled, almost making me drop my mysterious reddish-brown food items. “They’ve got some mining magazine that did a profile of the dude.”
“Mining magazines?” I asked. “That’s a thing?”
“Sure.” Chen looked surprised at my asking. “Mining News, Engineering and Mining Journal, Equipo Minero…”
“The things you learn…” 
 “He’s straight up loaded. They say he’s got two whole million dollars in the bank.” I tried surreptitiously to wipe hot sauce off the divan.
“Two…” Estrade began.
“… million?” I finished, looking bewildered. Bibi stared at them.
“What?! Whaddae say?” Estrade got up and moved over to look at the screen, before glancing up.
“It does say two million. Written out longhand, so it can’t be a printing error.”
“What?!”
“I guess we just expected him to be richer,” Chen explained finally, looking puzzled. “Two million isn’t a lot these days.”
“Well hoo-fucking-ray for you,” said Bibi, clearly not agreeing with this opinion in the slightest.
“Where did the rest of it go?” I asked.
“I don’t know. I have no idea,” Chen was genuinely puzzled. “The idea that he’d be hiding it for tax purposes is a joke. He doesn’t invest in companies in which he doesn’t have a significant managerial role, and at the moment that’s only Lanfeng Mining out here and a couple of chemicals plants in Anhui. All of them doing splendidly. He doesn’t chase skirt, he doesn’t collect art or do drugs. All he does is read and… play… mahjong…” Estrade and I looked up, watching the idea very carefully in case it slipped away.
“Mahjong?”
“Yeah, but surely…” Chen did not look convinced. “I mean, I’ve heard of the big stakes mahjong clubs in Wenzhou and Hong Kong, but how would anyone lose that much..?” 
“I don’t know,” I mused. “I think this might be it. I’ve seen grandmothers in pyjamas go down $100,000 and not turn a hair.” Now it was everyone’s turn to stare at me.
“You sound like you know all about it,” Chen said, politely.
“Yeah, high-roller. Tell us more.”
“I remember you once mentioned something about gambling your way through university...?” I had to fight not to physically shrink back.
“Well yes, but I haven’t played for years,” I said snappishly. “It’s one of the things that Anastasia stopped finding attractive about me when we got married. I can barely even remember the rules. I certainly wouldn’t be able to…”
“Your buddy Zhao can’t be that good,” Bibi pointed out, “Or he wouldn’t have lost all this cheese you say he lost.”
“We don’t even know for sure that…” I began. “Oh fuck it. Look, he may have lost this money playing mahjong. He might have lost it some other way. If you really want me to, I can try to find out, but don’t even think of pulling some Casino Royale trick. Mahjong doesn’t work like that. Besides, he’ll be playing in some sort of illegal, Chinese-only club. I’d never get in.”
“You got in just fine when you was watching them grammas in pyjamas,” Bibi muttered. I buried my head in my hands. Finally I looked up at Estrade. I was about to say something pithy and cutting when there was a ferocious banging on the side door of the house.
Bibi got to her feet and went to peer out of one of the tall, thin windows that lined the outside wall, down into the grotty little alley below. The origin of the racket was a short, fat man with a wispy beard. She yelled something down in Dari, waited for the answer, and turned to Estrade. 
“You’ve got company, Mister.”
“What?” he got up and looked discreetly down, careful to stand behind the curtain. “It would probably be advisable for you not to know who or where I am,” he said judiciously. The man shouted something back.
“Er…” I began.
“Awkward,” Chen murmured, rolling himself a joint.
“We were involved in a… business transaction… a while back. I didn’t think he’d catch up so quickly.”
“And you’re…” I looked back down at the angry munchkin, “Afraid he’s… come back to… beat you up…? That seems somewhat hard to credit.”
“He’s a lawyer; works for the City Prosecutor’s office. If you let him in he’ll probably arrest all of us for child abuse or blasphemy or whatever people consider to be a serious offence round here.”
“Now… I am curious,” Bibi turned. “What did you sell him?” she wagged a finger. “If you’ve been moving in on my pitch, I’m going to make you wish you’d never been born.” She turned back and shouted some more. “Shit. He’s coming up. I forgot to lock the door.” He burst into the room about three seconds later. Fortunately for all of us, Estrade had already disappeared out of the window. Bibi and the prosecutor continued their raucous argument for several minutes, with Chen and I looking on curiously, until finally the man spat on the floor and stormed out, slamming the door behind him. I sidled over to the window. Estrade was hanging from the sill by one hand, trying to shake some life into the other one before switching over. 
“Would you like some chalk?” I asked politely. He looked up and I helped haul him in.
“It may yet come to that,” he admitted, rubbing his shoulder and looking gloomy. “That gets harder every time I do it.” In his present state especially, I suspected that it must have been agonising; he knew the risks when he signed up, however.
“Uhuh, well you’re not getting out of it that easy,” said Bibi. “Why does that guy want to kill you?” He sat down and sighed.
“In Istanbul I happened to find myself in possession of someone’s car,” he began. I liked this. Very tactful. “The car gave out in Isfahan, but it turned out that the back was full of CDs and DVDs. I sold the car for scrap and got rid of most of the DVDs in Iran. I had the last two boxes couriered to myself here, and he ended up with one of them. The other one’s over there.” He nodded at the corner of the room and turned to Chen. “You remember when you got arrested for drunk driving, just after we arrived here?” Chen looked worried.
“Er. Slightly?” Estrade sighed.
“Well, in any case, he called me from PD12. I didn’t have enough cash to get him out, so I offered the prosecutor some of the DVDs instead.”
“Wait a minute,” said Chen, “I know I was drunk at the time, but I didn’t recognise that guy. He didn’t recognise me either.”
“You were down in the cells singing a People’s Liberation Army marching song.”
“Oh. Right.”
“And he’s in that much of a rage about DVDs?” I asked. Bibi cackled. 
“Holy fuck, what did you give the guy? Mrs Doubtfire?” He gestured towards the box again, and Chen, who was sitting closest, opened it carefully, as though it were liable to explode (which, given its origins, was not an unreasonable assumption).
“Euh…” he looked up, profoundly uncomfortable. “This is 90% bootleg porn. Attack of the Terrible Panties IV… Big Beautiful Housewives… Office 2013 for Windows…” Estrade shrugged, looking as though the content was a matter of supreme indifference to him.
“Everything that I couldn’t sell to the Iranians. None of it’s copy-restricted. I got a few thousand dollars for them,” Estrade explained.
“You bribed this man with a box full of pornography that not even the inhabitants of a repressive Islamic theocracy could bring themselves to get off to?” I asked. He shrugged again.
“I put the least baroque ones at the top; I can’t be blamed if he didn’t take the trouble to check what was underneath.” 
“No wonder he wants to kill you. He was probably all stoked up and ready to go when he stuck Big Beautiful Housewives in the DVD player.”
“Or Office 2013.”
“There are some crimes too heinous to bear discussion,” I replied primly. 
“Whatever, man. You’ve got to find a way to get rid of this fuckhead. What do I do when Raf comes back and this guy’s out front losing his shit because you gave him…” she picked a disk from the box, “Sailor Moon vs. the Tentacle Monsters? Ew.”
“Ooh.” Chen glanced up. “I’ll take that one.”
“Ten dollars,” Estrade replied immediately, before I could implore Chen to take all of the horrible things.
“Five.”
“Eight, or thirteen with…” he flipped delicately through the titles on offer, finally pulling one out and glancing at the cover. “Absolute Obedience, Taiwan Edition.” 
“Done.” Money and goods were exchanged.
“Sales these days is all about occupying a niche,” Estrade informed me. “Hmmm. Perhaps I’ll put that on my LinkedIn profile.”
“Well no one could accuse Sailor Moon vs. the Tentacle Monsters of not doing that. In any case, Bibi’s got a point. Just find the man and tell him you’ll exchange the DVDs for cash. If you’ve been staying at the Intercontinental all this time you can’t be short of the readies.” Shit. I hadn’t meant to let this slip in front of Chen. Still, he looked far too enchanted by the universe of improbable filth that had been opened before him to notice.
I was busy considering things. I had assumed that Estrade must naturally have had some ulterior motive in bringing me to Afghanistan. A man reduced to flogging grot to the Iranians, however, is unlikely to be a man who can afford such luxuries as ulterior motives. Possibly he genuinely was just after the cash from the Kushan carvings. He was clearly rather more down on his luck than when we had last met
  The evening ended with Estrade promising to improve his customer service, and me promising to try to find out where Zhao Jianguo was playing mahjong. I was not entirely happy with either of these things.

Chapter 7: The Habit and the Monk

Is it not delightful to have friends coming from far away?

- Confucius

Despite the late night, we dragged ourselves out of bed early the following morning. It was a dour, grey day, with grimy clouds hanging low over the city - touching the rooftops in places and blanketing whole neighbourhoods in others. It reminded me of my schooldays in London somehow. We had decided to put our tail on Zhao as soon as he left his house for the office. Unfortunately, in a moment of strategic exuberance, we had also decided that we should disguise ourselves in some of Raf’s more conventionally Afghan-looking clothes – chapan, pakool, the whole works. 
I was the only one that they fit properly, but that was only the beginning of our problems. With a few alterations and a quick trip to the second-hand shop across the road, Estrade and even Chen could be considered believably Afghan. Bibi looked them over approvingly, pausing to adjust Chen’s turban. Then she turned to me.
“Hoooooooooooooo. What are you disguising yourself as? An idiot?”
“It’s your national dress, not mine,” I pointed out sourly.
“He’s not the Messiah, he’s a very naughty boy,” was Chen’s contribution, from his position rolling around in tears of laughter on the divan. Even Estrade looked moderately entertained.
In the end we decided that I would drive them in the Toyota, wearing my ordinary clothes, ready to make a quick getaway if needed. Bibi stuffed the day’s merchandise into her bra, adjusted her veil, and locked up the house. We set off.
Zhao turned out to have a big, ugly house in Qala-e-Fatullah (expat city). Narcotecture, barely softened by acres of Virginia creeper. We parked just down the road and sat in silence for a while, gaining no information whatsoever from the high perimeter walls.
“How much do you reckon that blot on the landscape is worth, then?” I asked Chen finally, still preoccupied by Zhao’s apparent income/wealth disparities.
“I dunno. In any case, it’s not his. The company rents it for him.”
“Oh.”
“Hey look, he’s coming out.”
“We’re fifty feet away and have the windows up. You don’t need to whisper.” We watched silently for a moment or two. Zhao was tall and cadaverous-looking. Unusually for a Chinese executive, he was wearing a suit. (The general rule of thumb when dealing with a Chinese company is that the higher someone is in the hierarchy, the more they resemble a hobo. Naive Westerners applying their own standards often find themselves courting a puzzled intern, while the boss looks on, offended and contemptuous.) A couple of schoolboys peered in at us briefly through the car window. “Who’s that bloke?” I asked, as a young Afghan followed Zhao, handing him his attaché case and bowing obsequiously.
“I dunno. Housekeeper or something.”
“Sounds kinky.”
“Ew.”
“This coming from the man who spent $6.50 on Sailor Moon vs. the Tentacle Monsters?”
“That’s art.”
Zhao opened the passenger door of a big, blacked-out 4x4 that had been waiting at the end of the drive.
“He’s got a driver?”
“Yeah, but like I say, it’s the company that pays for all this shit. I had a driver back in the day. Are you going to follow him or not?” I had been intending to, but then I realised that the back door was open.
“I’m going to look at the house,” Estrade called back. “I’ll catch you up.”
“Be sure to ask about local schools and measure the curtain rods,” I yelled after him, and we inched out into the road, following two or three cars behind. The traffic was relatively fluid, thankfully, but I was still aware that with a couple of quick turns he could escape us entirely.
“The office isn’t far. It’s in a block just near Lai Thai, but he gets his breakfast at some hyper-specific coffee place, so he’ll probably go the long way round.” We drove on. “See, he’s going to pull in here.” The driver hopped out and hurled himself into a nearby teashop. It was covered in violent pink plastic signs and Bollywood posters. There were no spaces, so I drove on a little way and finally just stopped in midstream, flicking the hazard lights on. Chen looked across at me. “Very discreet, Mr. Bond.”
“Do you want to drive?” I asked irritably.
“If the guy you just blocked in comes back he’ll probably take one look in the window and shoot me.”
“If you don’t stop whining,” I snarled back, “He may well be too late.” Of course, the driver took forever collecting his lordship’s breakfast, and we spent the time enjoying a quick course in Afghan profanity from the other drivers. Finally Zhao’s dogsbody came back with a plastic bag and a paper cup and handed them up through the window to his master before jumping into the driver’s seat. I sighed with relief and started the engine as they passed us.
“Ok, he’s going to go left onto Kulula Pushta now,” Chen said. Several cars managed to get between Zhao and me at the intersection, and I had to do some snappy overtaking to keep up. Fortunately Kulula Pushta is a wider road than the ones we had been on previously, so there was minimal honking from the other drivers. Chen looked slightly nauseous again, I was happy to note. 
We arrived a few minutes later, and took up position behind a corner. The driver jumped down once more to open the door for Zhao, who crossed the road and went into the building. We sat watching the front of the office block for a while. It was built in the old Soviet style. Chen informed me that Lanfeng’s offices were on the third and fourth floors. Below that were a dressmaker’s shop, a freight depot and a dentist of dubious qualifications. 
“It occurs to me that this little sortie did not, in fact, teach us a great deal,” I said after a while.
“Well go in then. Pretend you have a meeting there.”
“I thought you wanted me to play mahjong with the man? I’ll be a lot less convincing as an opponent if I show up two days prior with a fictional business appointment and no knowledge of Afghan copper mining whatsoever.”
“Wear shades or something,” he suggested. I stared at him for just long enough to make him uncomfortable.
“No wonder you got arrested. You go in; at least you’re supposed to be there. Tell them you’ve come to pick up your back pay for all the time you were in jail.” The suggestion reminded me of another worry that had been niggling away at the back of my mind. “By the way… you did tell Chen Sr. that they let you out, didn’t you?”
“Sure. Called him from Herat. The old bastard expected me to go straight back to work.”
“Well there you go, then,” I waved at the office door. “Now’s your chance to show him what a good boy you are.”
“Fuck you. How am I supposed to explain the fact that I’m dressed as Osama bin Laden?”
“Very well. We’ll go back, get you changed and come back here. We need someone on the inside in any case.”
“You can’t,” he smirked triumphantly. “All my clothes are at Bibi’s house and it’s locked.”
“Fine. But first thing tomorrow, you’re showing up with your bright morning face on, ready to get down to work.” He looked sulky, but could not legitimately object. We sat staring at the front of the office block for a few more minutes. Nothing continued to happen.
 “Well fuck this for a game of soldiers,” I said finally. “I’m getting a coffee while we wait for Ilyushkin to turn up.” 
“Ooh. There’s a really nice place down the road. I’ll show you.” We locked the car and ambled down the street, finally arriving at a dark and pokey little teashop in a dark and pokey little alley. The proprietor, a harassed-looking chap in a Che Guevara t-shirt, recognised Chen and found his attempt at blending in with the locals possibly the most amusing thing he had ever seen. So enthusiastic was he that he called in his wife, three children, a nephew, a collection of neighbours and a passing policeman to see the show. And so it was that our second attempt to carry out a clandestine surveillance mission fell into embarrassing little pieces around our feet. I found myself a place in the corner and sulked over a cup of coffee as the proprietor’s wife persuaded Chen to try on a chapan that she had been embroidering and pose for photographs.
Fortunately, Estrade arrived quite quickly, carrying a paper bag full of early peaches.
“Want one?” I took one and pulled it in half, viciously.
“Mm.” I mopped up a few spots of juice. “Where did you get them?”
“Zhao’s housekeeper. Apparently he plays mahjong in a hotel in Karta-e-Now.” This news did not, as you may imagine, fill me with joy.
“Well it certainly doesn’t sound like the sort of venue where millions of dollars regularly change hands,” I said, hoping against hope. “But I could be wrong. And speaking of which, if I’m going to get in there, I’ll need a stake.”
“Can’t you win one?” he asked.
“Certainly. How many years do we have? You must surely have some cash leftover from the last time we met, not having a wife and three kids to support, as far as I’m aware.”
“Three?” he asked, looking bewildered. I often get this reaction; two years ago I had zero.
“Twins plus one. I haven’t started a rival establishment.”
“As far as you’re aware…” he murmured. “In any case, even with your extravagant tastes you can’t have spent it all on them.”
“If you must know, I put most of it into renting the shop and fitting it out. I’ll provide what I can, but most of my capital’s tied into the business. Come on, pony up.” This was my chance to find out a little more about his financial affairs. He sighed, took off his watch, and put it down on the table. It glinted on the dark, embroidered cloth, and I noticed the two old men at the next table taking rather too much of an interest. 
“There’s the cufflinks too, but I left them at Bibi’s house. The rest is in a safety deposit box in Moscow.” I had noticed his watch and cufflinks before. Contrary to normal practice, they were carefully made to appear a lot less valuable than was actually the case.
 “Well this is a start, I suppose. I’ll have Anastasia send me a few thousand from the joint account. She won’t be happy about it, but then that’ll teach her to kick me out of bed the night before I leave for a war zone.” I was, I admit, somewhat intrigued. So Estrade had money but had preferred not to spend it? Possibly it was merely a disciplined resolve not to dip into his pension pot. Possibly he expected to have to buy his way out of serious trouble at some point in the future. Possibly he was just so used to living one meal from starvation that he couldn’t conceive of doing things any other way. I put the information on one side to pick over later. 
I recounted the events of our singularly uninspiring morning, and we shared the rest of the peaches with the teashop owner and his family before dragging Chen away from his adoring audience and heading back to the car. We were strolling down Sulh Road when I heard a shout from behind me. All three of us turned to see a figure wearing military uniform and carrying a rifle. It was running towards us from the direction of the French Embassy, yelling something incomprehensible. Normally, when this sort of thing happens in Afghanistan, the procedure is to duck and resign yourself to an afternoon spent picking shrapnel out of your anatomy. In this case, however –
“Hepzibah?” I gaped.
“Afghanistan, see!” she yelled, shoving the rifle back onto her shoulder. “I made it!” She was a couple of inches taller and slightly less furtive-looking than the last time our paths had crossed, but otherwise little changed. She looked at us with her head on one side. “I’m on guard duty right now, but we’ll go out and have a drink tonight and you have to tell me every last little thing that’s happened.” 
“Embassy guard?” I asked. “Sounds like a nice cushy job. Whatever happened to taking part in the fighting?” She held up her left hand; the last joints of her fourth and fifth fingers were missing and a nasty scar ran down her arm.
“Got a note from my mum,” she declared smugly. The other guard had sidled forward, and nudged her so hard that she stumbled.
“She get IED in Kapisa. Take out lieutenant of car. All celebration.” She looked irritated for a moment. Clearly this was not the image she had been hoping to convey. Estrade smirked. 
“Well, yeah. Anyhow. Drinks, tonight. Eightish at L’Atmosphère? Bring whoever this person is.” She pointed at Chen. “And no offence, Mullah, but you might want to change into something a little less… ah… authentic for dinner.” (This last remark was directed at Estrade, who looked down at his shalwar kameez and astraskhan coat as if he’d forgotten that he was wearing them.) “See you at eight!” She headed back to her post, turning back to wave cheerily half way.
We had been intending to head back to Bibi’s ice palace, but a phone call from Chen told us that she was still busy ensuring that Kabul’s foreign population would not be forced to spend another day sober and with all their faculties intact. Instead, I decided that we would visit the Afghan National Museum, which, despite extensive looting, still has a few ivory carvings of the sort that we were hoping to get our grubby hands on.
The National Museum is way out in the suburbs, crouching in the shadow of the looming, gothic insanity that is the Darulaman Palace. Contrary to what you may expect, it is light and airy (though not on the dismal, louring day on which we visited), and really rather nice. It is decorated in neutral greys and whites, which set off the exhibits well. Moreover, they have made the most of the remnants of their collection, and the many missing items do, at least, provide a nexus for reflection on the shittiness of third world life in general and one’s part in it more specifically.
It was relatively quiet when we arrived. The only others present were a teacher accompanied by a crocodile of silent, respectful little boys from a madrassa out in the suburbs and a young couple who seemed to have drifted away from the hippy trail (yes, I didn’t think that such a thing still existed either). The latter pair apparently had little interest in the historical treasures of the region, spending most of their time looking for a quiet corner in which to continue sticking their tongues down each other’s throats. (Personally, I would happily bring back hanging for couples who use museums as public foreplay stations. I am no artist myself, but I appreciate - with a love that passeth the love of women - others’ ability to create something sublime out of nothing. As such, I tend to get rather intense with people who have the misfortune to disrupt my aesthetic experiences.)
I regretted bringing Chen and Estrade almost immediately. Chen kept yelling “Oh-em-gee, the boobies!” at the sculptures (in his defence, it’s a reasonable reaction; once would have been enough, however), and Estrade kept trying to open the cases when no one was looking. In the end I ordered them out and settled myself in for the duration, in the company of a weighty tome dealing with the rise and fall of the Kushan Empire. I even managed to convince one of the staff to let me peer at a couple of the exhibits using a loupe, and was as happy as a pig in antiquities until the reverent silence was broken by a grating voice with a heavy Italian accent. It was declaiming loudly, inaccurately and at length on the subject of tribal customs. It turned out to be coming from a woman in a baggy cheesecloth shirt and bangles, followed by two bored-looking chaps, one black and the other white. You could see her bra through her clothes; Chen would have gone into overdrive. I was expecting to see a group of tourists round the corner any minute, but they never arrived. Apparently this was a private tour. I buried my head in my book and waited for them to pass on. Infuriatingly, the woman leading the party seemed to take a particular interest in a couple of Pashtun cups in a case just next to me, and spent at least five minutes foghorning on about how unique they were. 	
 “Very well then,” I said to myself, “If Mohamed won’t leave the mountain…” I got up and moved on to the next room, borrowing a custodian’s chair to continue with my reading. Of course, if you have ever visited a museum before, you will know what happened next. Sure enough, the group came after me. The leader seemed to have lost her thread somewhat, and was, by now, lamenting the prevalence of female circumcision in East Africa. 
By this time, I was well and truly stuck with them. Whenever I stopped, they stopped. Whenever I moved on, they moved on. I was trying to compare the Museum’s and my own maps of the extent of the Kushan Empire when I finally lost my rag.
“Do you ever shut your mouth?” I asked, turning to her in an icy rage. “These two are clearly bored to tears, and I am trying to convert pre-Islamic dating systems without a calculator, which is no easy task at the best of times, and becomes nigh impossible when you’re ranting on at 130 decibels about Why Dambisa Moyo is Wrong. I think I speak for everyone present when I say that we should greatly appreciate a moment of silence... Thank you.” All three of them gaped at me like drowning carp for a minute or two.
“Well. We have every right to be here, and if you think that you can intimidate me and silence me, just because I-” She had a book open in her hands, from which she had been quoting extensively. I took it, very gently, folded the page down and handed it back, closed. 
“Shhhhhh,” I whispered, before pointing helpfully in the direction of the exit and turning to in a curmudgeonly manner back to my seat. A good deed is its own reward. 
They goose-stepped onwards, making loud remarks about Rude People, and I finished the afternoon in blessed tranquillity. I finally headed towards the door at around five thirty, thoroughly sated. I could not help but notice, however, that the staff were watching my leaving with rather more interest than had attended my arrival. I briefly wondered whether Estrade had succeeded in nicking some of the exhibits while my back was turned. When I reached the door, several of them were standing in a cluster, giggling and glancing over at me. I stared back.
“What?” I asked finally. Extracting the information took the better part of some considerable period of time, but it turned out that they were both shocked and impressed that I would dare to tear a strip off the Director of UNESCO’s Afghan Cultural Preservation Programme like that.
“Nuts to the UNESCO Afghan Cultural Preservation Programme,” I declared in my most lordly fashion, before stalking out of the building. We Keszthelyis will not be trifled with.

Chapter 8: Sredni Vashtar

I drove back to the house and got changed into something a little less dusty for the evening ahead. We had invited Bibi to come along, and she managed, astonishingly quickly, to make herself into a passable imitation of Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman (+ veil). 
Being an icy and unpleasant weeknight, l’Atmosphère was relatively quiet, and quite cosy. Hepzibah had not arrived yet, so we found ourselves a dark table in the darkest corner of a restaurant that is quite dark anyway, even under ideal circumstances. Bibi seemed impossibly thrilled by everything, though a little intimidated, and asked us which was the “most multicoloured” of the cocktails on the menu before choosing. She was busy trying to get Chen to explain the concept of a Screaming Orgasm to her, when I spotted a face I recognised by the bar: the doctor. I couldn’t stop myself.
“He’s over here, if you were looking to put in a complaint,” I called politely over to her. She glanced at our group. Estrade gave me an old look, and stood up, turning to greet our new friend. She simpered and ran a finger down the length of his tie.
“I’ve been trying to call you, Mr. Ilyushkin,” she said accusingly. We all looked up with baited breath. He stared coldly back at us for one brief second, and then leant in close, one hand hovering by her shoulder, and whispered something in her ear. She giggled.
“Oh, well, er…”
“How the hell do you even get away with that?!” Chen yelped deafeningly, clearly outraged. “What do you say?!”
“It doesn’t matter what you say,” I whispered loudly into the crook of his neck. “It’s the feeling of warm breath on their skin that gets the effect.” He giggled and rolled off his chair, just as Hepzibah arrived carrying a bottle of beer and a glass.
“Wotcha. Suckered another one, eh Anguillara?” she asked by way of greeting, making room for herself at the table. Estrade and the doctor looked at each other. It would have been hard to say which was feeling more nonplussed. Finally he stood back.
“I think that the best idea would be to regard this as an extremely awkward conversation deftly avoided,” he said diplomatically.
“Yeah… Let’s do that.” She turned abruptly back to the bar.
“After all, what’s a wingman for?” said Hepzibah, adding in a stage whisper, “You can thank us later, bud.” He shrugged, pulled a chair back and sat down again.
“By the way, my name’s Casimir Ilyushkin.”
“Really?” Hepzibah asked.
“Of course not really. Just for the time being.”
“Oh well. I’m Caporal Beurtch up at the Embassy. We all have our crosses to bear.” She gulped half of the beer down before surfacing for air.
“Corporal?” I asked, screwing my face up. “But it’s been less than three years. How did you-”
“Photoshopped my English birth certificate,” she said happily. “I actually signed up a few months after you left France.”
“You didn’t even look fourteen then. Still don’t, if it comes to that.”
“Well the recruitment bloke wasn’t exactly the sharpest tool in the box. I got lucky.”
“Hang on, what about your parents?”
“Told them that’s how they do it in France,” she said, proud of herself now. 
“You convinced them that the French Army makes a practice of recruiting child soldiers?” She nodded.
“They believed me when I said the age of consent was twelve too.” 
“You have these joys ahead of you,” Estrade observed politely in my direction. Hepzibah raised an eyebrow.
“I’ve got three kids now,” I explained. “And before you say it, yes, all mine and with one woman. The second two are twins.” I got my wallet out to share the photos. I know it is a cliché, but I cannot resist. All three are impossibly beautiful, taking after Anastasia in looks (and, she would say, intelligence)2. 
“This is Anya and Nadezhda,” I began. “And Magda’s nearly two now.”
“Magda?” I sighed. I knew what was coming next.
“Yes, as in fucking Magda Goebbels. It’s not my fault. It’s one of Anastasia’s family traditions.” 
“It’s a family tradition to name their kids after grandees of the Third Reich?” Hepzibah pulled a face. “You lot must have some fun reunions.”
“Look, they’ve been naming their first-born girls Magda since twelve-hundred-and-frozen-stiff. I tried to argue, but they all just sat there and looked at me very much like you’re doing now, so I decided to cut my losses and try to make sure that everyone calls her Masha in everyday life... So yes, this is Masha who’s nearly two, isn’t she sweet?”
Bibi had reached the bottom of her drink, and held the glacé cherry out for Chen’s observation.
“Am I allowed to eat this?”
“Go ahead.”
“Thanks.”
 “She is nice-looking,” Hepzibah conceded. I decided that this was probably as good as I was going to get. Estrade took the picture and inspected it carefully.
“She couldn’t possibly be anyone but yours,” he said finally. I was surprised. Not because I doubted this, but because the girls’ resemblance to Anastasia is, as I have said, their most striking feature. All four are elfin and slightly ethereal, obviously of Scandinavian heritage. I, on the other hand, am not.
“?”
“She’s got the same calculating expression as you,” he explained helpfully. Hepzibah grabbed the photo back and laughed.
“He’s right! Like a crocodile thinking about its dinner…” she said gleefully, passing the photo to Bibi and Chen. “Look, it’s mini-Nicolas!” I looked at them coldly for a minute or two.
“You two don’t get invited to many christenings, do you?”
“Well, now we’ve validated your reproductive capacities, what was all that business about with that woman back there?” Hepzibah asked, turning to Estrade. “Any of us started groping you in a bar and we’d lose an arm. Don’t tell me you’re going soft in your old age.” 
“We needed medicine for Chen,” I explained tactfully. “She works at a German clinic and, apparently, operates some very unusual dispensing policies.” 
“It was the only way,” Estrade said shortly. “Satisfied?” Hepzibah raised an eyebrow.
“I dunno. Was she?” Estrade smiled knowingly but said nothing. “You know,” Hepzibah continued, “Where I come from, there’s a name for people who-”
“Yes, thank you,” Estrade cut in. “My precise job title has already been discussed at some length.”
“Yeah,” Chen agreed, much to my surprise. “Knock it off. If it weren’t for him I’d still be shouting at imaginary CIA agents in the middle of the bar at the Gandamack Lodge.”
“You did that?” I asked.
“I was high at the time,” he explained awkwardly. Estrade glanced across at him, looking a little surprised.
“I dare say you were, but that was a genuine CIA agent nonetheless.”
“Really?”
“Really. I think you frightened him a bit.” 
“I thought I was just paranoid.” Chen rubbed the side of his face thoughtfully. “I’m still banned from the Gandamack Lodge, though?”
“Yes.”
“Phew. I thought I was losing all contact with reality for a minute there.”
“And that’d be terrible,” I muttered.
The story of Chen’s indisposition led, inevitably, to questions about what we were doing in Afghanistan. I gave Hepzibah the tale so far, with frequent interruptions from the others. The bar had grown more crowded since we arrived, and we could talk freely, drowned out by the chatter.
“Well I’ve got some savings,” Hepzibah said at the end of it all. “If I let you use them to beat this guy at mahjong, can I have some of the winnings?”
“For the last bloody time,” I snarled back. “I’m not going to play the bastard at mahjong. It’s a stupid idea and I want no part of it.”
“Oh come on, man,” Chen said, waving in Estrade’s direction and assuming what he clearly believed to be his most persuasive expression. “He fucked a doctor for you!” I think this is the closest I’ve ever seen Estrade get to actual despair.
“Yeah,” said Bibi. “This is all we got. Just go see if the guy really is hot shit, at least.”
“It’s not that easy,” I pointed out. “I can’t just walk into wherever it is he plays. It’ll take time to approach him. If I did it… If… I’d have to start in some other low-stakes club and gradually try to get people to introduce me to someone who could get me into Zhao’s set. Depending on how secretive they are, it might never happen at all. It’d take ages, in any case.”
“We’ve got faith in you, boy,” said Bibi, patting me on my back. I sagged helplessly.
“Well I’ll have a look round, but we should try to find some alternate plan in the meantime. We can’t put all our eggs in one basket.” Bibi grinned broadly.
“Hey, I just thought of something. Say I let all you niggaz stay rent-free? Can I get in on this little venture too?”
“Oh God. How many times do I have to say that this is a very bad idea? Aren’t I supposed to be the expert here?” She slammed a hand down on the table.
“Fuck that shit, you IPO this motherfucker now. I’m putting my money down.” 
We argued over several more rounds of drinks before heading back. As closing time struck, we piled into Raf’s Landcruiser. Bibi turned the key and reversed smartly into the Audi parked behind us. She giggled.
“Oops!” 
“Bibi, that doesn’t look good,” said Chen, craning round to get a better look at the damage. “You want to get out and leave a note? If anyone-” he was cut off as the force of Bibi’s turn rammed him back into his seat. She muttered something in Dari and flung us through several lanes of traffic.
I prefer not to discuss the journey home.
No one trusted Bibi to guide the Landcruiser through the big door into the garage, which loomed cavernously but was a lot narrower than it appeared. There was a quick change of seats, with Chen taking the wheel. Hepzibah and I hopped out to hold the doors back and close them once the car was safely in. I heard the sound of Chen making sure that the doors were properly locked from the inside, and the clop of their feet on the concrete steps. Bibi broke into song and the sound echoed in the empty corridors.
“Well, looks like there’s only one thing left to do then,” said Hepzibah.
“Hmm. What’s that?” I asked, and promptly had all the breath knocked out of me as she shoved me up against the wall and pressed her lips against mine. She was a lot stronger than I would have expected (I have no idea why - she was in the Army, after all). For a millisecond or two I was surprised, but quickly gave a mental shrug and assumed my role. Despite the suddenness of it all, there was something considered about her actions - I was reminded, in an odd way, of Estrade’s habit of observing people and adjusting himself to fit.  She reached up under my shirt, but there was a controlled, calculated, skilful aspect to each gesture. Provocative as her actions were when considered in isolation, this was clearly not someone surrendering to an overmastering passion, but merely a continuation of politics by other means. Well, two can play at that game, I thought. With the arm that she had not pinned against the wall, I reached round and lifted her up slightly, towards me. She was astonishingly light for someone containing so much explosive belligerence. Finally, after I am not sure how long, we separated. I stood there, my back to the wall, as she stepped back and looked thoughtful for a second or two. Finally she grinned sheepishly.
“I dunno. I’ve just been wanting to try that for the past three years. Did you ever read that short story by Saki about a boy with a pet ferret?”
“A very long time ago.”
“Well, in any case, I’m working most of the day tomorrow, but I’ll be round with the money for your mahjong stake whenever I can get away. Say four-ish.” She turned to walk back to wherever the French Embassy had decided to accommodate her, turning briefly to yell over her shoulder: “You’d better be good.” 
“I’ve heard that before,” I shouted after her as she disappeared into the cold darkness.

Chapter 9: The After-Effects 

At seven thirty we dragged Chen, shrieking, from his bed. This must have woken Bibi up, as she rushed to the door, stared briefly at us out of baggy, horror-filled eyes, and ran to the bathroom to be violently sick. I think it may well have been her first ever hangover.
Chen fought and stalled and tried to flee every step of the way, but by eight fifteen we had him washed, dressed and filled with coffee. He did not look remotely trustworthy or even particularly sober, but I decided that we would gain nothing by setting our sights excessively high. When we left, Bibi was still in the bathroom, sobbing piteously. 
We stopped in the same side street from which we had previously observed the Lanfeng offices, but parked a little further back, well out of sight. I straightened Chen’s tie and handed him his briefcase. He set off on wobbly legs towards the office, before turning sorrowfully back to us, looking for reassurance. I smiled encouragingly and waved. Estrade just stood there with his hands behind his back.
“I hope he’ll be alright,” he said doubtfully. I looked at him.
“They grow up so fast,” I said, in consoling tones.
We had decided to split up and spend the morning visiting Chinese restaurants, attempting to get in touch with any of the city’s illegal mahjong players. Most of them looked filthy (the restaurants, I mean, though I wouldn’t vouch for the mahjong players either), and I ate an ungodly amount of congee out of cracked plastic bowls as I attempted to ingratiate myself. By lunchtime I had collected two phone numbers and an invitation to a matchmaking meeting with a restaurant proprietor’s niece. I also felt slightly sick. Nevertheless, as noon struck I made my way down the alley to the little coffee shop that I had visited with Chen the previous day. We had promised to meet him there for lunch and to hear all the news. 
As it happened, Estrade and I arrived at almost exactly the same time. Chen was already in occupation at a corner table, and looked as though he had been there for some time. He had two empty teacups on the mat in front of him. It was too dark to see properly, but he also seemed to have been crying. I sagged a little. I am too British to be able to deal well with overt displays of emotion, especially coming from men. We sat down, one on either side of Chen (more companionable, also, it would prevent him from running away).
“What did they say?” I asked after a while, not looking at him.
“I dunno,” he sniffed. “I haven’t been in yet.”
“You haven’t been in?” I shouted incredulously, attracting the stares of the other patrons. “Do you think we’re pissing about out here at the end of the world because we enjoy it? I spent all morning kissing the backsides of Chinese grandmothers for this! Ilyushkin got himself fucking sharia-ed to save your miserable hide, and you can’t even be bothered to do a day’s work?!”
“B-but… I was having flashbacks… I kept…” I dragged him to his feet and out of the cafe. I could see Estrade out of the corner of my eye, paying up and apologising for the disturbance.
“Flashbacks? If you don’t bloody well get in there right now I’ll give you something to have flashbacks about.” It was a relatively short walk to the office building. Fortunately, since passers-by were turning to stare. When we arrived I fairly threw him through the big glass doors, chucking his briefcase in after him. In the short glimpse I had of the receptionist’s face, she seemed a little puzzled. I brushed the invisible dust off my hands: a job well jobbed, as my grandfather used to say. Estrade sauntered up.
“Well that’s certainly one way of curing it,” he said.
“I might apply for a job with that German trauma clinic,” I said modestly.
The afternoon was less than action-packed, as far as I was concerned. Estrade sloped off somewhere, apparently trying to lay his hands on the poor, frustrated city prosecutor on whom he had foisted Attack of the Terrible Panties IV. For my part, I headed back down to the Museum, to speak to a friend of a friend who is Sub-Curator of Numismatics there. I had not been able to see him the previous day, as he had been off giving a conference somewhere or other, but he had sent me a message inviting me for tea this afternoon. Despite the job title, he is, in fact, an expert in everything to do with ivory carvings. Coins bore him rigid, but the position was open and it was paid twice what he was getting previously. As he has six or seven children he could not reasonably avoid the switch. This was the first time I had ever met him in person. He was impeccably dressed, spoke Old Etonian English, and seemed genial enough. 
Seemed.
We settled into his bleak little office in a high-up corner of the Museum. He spared a few minutes for teasing me about my run in with the Awful UNESCO Woman the previous day, before getting down to business. I showed him the photographs, pretending that they were from a shady fellow-dealer in Moscow, and he studied them carefully. He seemed deeply impressed, even hinting that the Afghan government may possibly be willing to buy the originals back on the QT. The rest of the afternoon was devoted to antiques blather, which you would no doubt find tedious. Instead, I will take the opportunity to explain a little about mahjong, since no one under eighty plays it these days, and I dare say that you don’t know the rules. This will be important later, so you should maybe fold the page down.
You’ll occasionally hear people attribute the origins of the game to Confucius. This is rubbish. In fact, the Chinese attribute 99% of everything to Confucius purely out of habit, and mahjong is probably a 19th century knock-off of rummy, which it resembles closely. Rules vary slightly by region, but you don’t need to know about that, and in any case the effects on the playing of the game are slight; the big differences are in the calculation of the scores.
A set of mahjong tiles consists of three basic suits of nine numbered tiles each: bamboos, characters and circles. There are also four winds and three dragons. Four sets are used in a game, plus the bonus tiles: flowers (four) and seasons (four). The objective is to collect and discard tiles in such a way as to make a hand for yourself, composed of particular combinations of tiles (“melds”). These are, in no particular order: pongs (three identical tiles), kongs (four identical tiles), chows (three - no more and no less - tiles of the same suit in numerical order) and pairs (two identical tiles). Melds are assigned different point values, and the points are converted into cash sums at the end of the game. There are also various “limit hands” - particular combinations that are especially difficult to get and which usually have beautiful flowery names like Thirteen Orphans and Three Great Scholars. We shall hear more about them later (and how…). Finally, it is worth noting for gambling purposes that the dealer has a special advantage, but also takes a greater risk: any points that he wins or loses are doubled.
It is possible to play in groups of three or five congenial friends, but most games involve four drunken grandmothers who secretly loathe each other. The tiles are shuffled, face down and extremely noisily. They are then arranged in a square “wall”, 2x18 tiles long on each side. The tiles are then shared out according to the house rules until everyone has 13 tiles, except the dealer - referred to as “East” at the beginning of the game - who has fourteen. 
If a player has any bonus tiles, he must declare them, place them to the side, and pick a replacement. The bonus tiles cannot be used as part of his hand, though they may add to his points at the end of the game. East starts the game by discarding one of his tiles face-up in the middle of the table. The next player (“South” - that is the Chinese order) can then choose to either take a tile from the wall or pick up the one that the dealer just discarded. He then discards one of his own, and so it goes.
If someone discards a tile that you need in order to make a pong (yes, I know, I know…) or a kong, you can interrupt - even if it is not your turn - and claim it. If two players try to grab one discard, the winner is decided by a roll of the dice (or whatever other means the local rules insist upon). If no player claims a freshly discarded tile, it becomes inactive, and thus cannot be picked up by another player later in the game. The rules work slightly differently when it comes to chows: players are not allowed to interrupt the sequence to grab a tile that would complete a chow for them, unless doing so would allow them to complete their hand, in which case they must say “mahjong” as they pick it up. It is also against the rules to use a discard to complete a pair, unless it also completes your hand. This is further complicated by the rule that any pongs and chows you make may be concealed, but kongs must be declared.
Play stops as soon as a player calls “mahjong”, and the points are counted according to whatever system you happen to be using. This leads us to another little oddity: scoring in mahjong is exponential. You get a certain number of points for a pong or for going out, say, and then this is doubled and re-doubled based on your particular combination of tiles and how you acquired them. This, of course, means that it is potentially possible to win tens or even hundreds of thousands of points on a very lucky hand, though usually the players will impose an upper limit to prevent this from happening. I should also mention another quirk of the game: it is possible for a losing player with a strong-but-incomplete hand to get more points than a winner with a relatively low-scoring hand. 
You don’t need to memorise all this faithfully or anything, since I intend to skip over the technical details of my epic mahjong battle with Zhao Jianguo (yes - you didn’t think that I might actually get my own way for once, did you?) as much as possible, but it’s useful for giving you an idea of the strategies and risks involved.
In any case, I finished my chat with Achmed, Sub-Curator of Numismatics, and headed back to Bibi’s house, overflowing with both recondite wisdom and oolong, and desperate for a pee. Of course the traffic was terrible. Someone had crashed into a lamppost next to the lights on Kulula Pushta, and a nervous young policeman was earning points for effort in directing the resulting snarl-up. The clouds were even thicker than they had been previously, and I wondered whether we were in for a late snowfall. The mountains were entirely hidden from view in the billowing swathes of grey.
I got through the honking, screaming mess and things were suddenly a lot clearer. I was close to home when I spotted Estrade, and stopped for him to get into the car. He had not succeeded in finding the city prosecutor. The man’s colleagues had provided a rather confusing account, but as far as Estrade could gather, he had taken the day off from work and they had no idea where he had gone. We stopped, bought some curry from the ex-bacha’s stall, and headed back to Bibi’s house, where I immediately headed for the bathroom, too preoccupied to notice what Estrade had already spotted, viz., that the place was entirely empty. And by entirely empty, I do not mean that there were no people there: all the furniture had vanished. A cold wind was also blowing through the house, but a cold wind always blew through the house - this signified nothing. We wandered from room to vacant, high-ceilinged room with our bag of steaming curry, wondering what the hell was going on. 
Somehow we managed to find ourselves in a corner of the house we had never visited before. I guessed from the view out of the window that we were slightly above street level (few of the rooms shared an elevation, and flights of steps lurked behind most doorways; describing a room as “first floor” or “ground floor” was impossible), but facing onto the courtyard rather than the exterior. I suspected that we were next to the garage, and that if we could only get round this obstacle, we would find ourselves in the main entrance. The only door available, however, led onto a spiral staircase that wound down into inky blackness.
“Well there’s a trapdoor to the cellar in the kitchen,” I said. “We’ll go under and up.” I flipped open my Zippo lighter (there was no light switch for the staircase, and I noticed as we passed that the bulb was broken) and we headed down into the darkness. The floor at the bottom of the stairs was made of bare earth, but here, fortunately, was a light switch that worked. Estrade flicked it on, and a yellow-orange glow filled the room. It was empty, but there was a door on the other side, and I could hear a pipe dripping somewhere. Otherwise the slience was absolute, the thick layers of concrete blocking out any noise from above. We headed through to the next room, which contained a stack of crates and some rusting pieces of machinery that I did not recognise. Here too the bulb had been smashed, and I flicked at my lighter once again, as we made our way to the third door. Unlike the previous ones, this was heavy steel, once self-locking but now hanging from its hinges. I tried the switch next to it. Light filled the space for a moment before the bulb blew. We froze. 
It took us a second or two to regain our night vision. Holding the lighter behind me, where the flame would not blind us in the darkness, I took a step or two forward. There were more crates in here, some of them falling apart with age. What had caught our attention, however, was the long metal bar that stretched from one wall to the other, around a foot from the ceiling. Three butcher’s hooks hung from it, one with a loop of frayed rope still attached. Another lay in the red-brown dust beneath. On the wall opposite us, a couple of corroded metal rings were attached to the concrete, around waist-height. In the warm, flickering light of the flame, the reddish-brown stains that covered the walls and floor seemed darker and more recent than they could, in fact, have been. Behind the crates and half-concealed by them, someone had painted words on the wall in Pashto: letters in glossy black, three feet high. It had been done carelessly, and the drips had run down into the dust beneath. I had no idea what it said.
Estrade ran his hand through his hair (one of his rare tells) and stepped forward. He crouched down and reached out slowly to touch one of the stains on the wall. There was silence for a moment or two; even the dripping pipe seemed to have stopped.  Finally he stood up and tried the door through to the next room. It was locked, and I suddenly realised that I had no wish to find out what was on the other side.
“Well, it looks like it would be no trouble to break through, but after all this is not our house…” Estrade said, the words sounding far too loud. I suppose it’s one way to retreat with honour. We left, walking silently on the dusty ground and switching the lights off behind us. I would probably not, I decided, be mentioning this little excursion to Bibi. 
Soon enough we were at the top of the staircase, back in blessed daylight, or at least what passed for daylight within the gloomy walls of Bibi’s house. I thought about Rafiullah and Lalma. I had difficulty imagining children playing in this place.
It took us a while to retrace our steps through the house and into the courtyard, but finally we came to the large, empty space that we had been using as a sitting room. In the middle of the floor, Hepzibah lay with her head resting upon a couple of cardboard boxes. She looked a little like a parody of that famous Hokusai print of a drunken courtesan asleep on her writing table. She sat up, stretching and yawning as we walked in.
“What the hell happened here?” I asked.
“Oh, that. Well… euh… Bibi let me in, but she had to go and deliver some stuff to an NGO bloke at the Intercontinental. Just after she left a little fat angry man came in and exchanged all the furniture for… ah…” I could guess what was coming.
“… a box of poor quality pornographic DVDs?” I finished.
“I can’t comment on the quality, but yeah. He got a load of workmen to carry the furniture out.” I turned on Estrade.
“This is your fault.”
“I admit, I didn’t think he’d go to these lengths,” he said, and paused, looking across at me. A memory had just sparked in my mind. I tend to notice objects; even modern, ugly objects of no great value, which do not, theoretically, fall into my sphere of professional interest. I knew now where I had last seen Bibi’s furniture.
“Come with me,” I said, turning on my heel. “And bring those two boxes.” Hepzibah grabbed them and followed us. Estrade caught up with me halfway down the street, just past the stall at which I had bought the curry. We were standing in front of a shop selling a bit of everything - the sort of place you get around the Goutte d’Or in Paris and which call themselves bazaars. 
“Recognise anything?” I asked. The shop was full of the contents of Bibi’s house. “You’re going to have to buy it back, you know. Better make it quick too, she’ll be home any minute.” Hepzibah staggered up then, dropping the boxes on the floor at our feet. It was a good job that they contained nothing of any value whatsoever.
“Fucking hell. I think my shoulders have separated.” Estrade waved the owner of the shop over and took him to one side. The only words I heard as they moved out of earshot were “I’d like to offer you a part-exchange…”
I have no idea what Estrade offered in addition to the two boxes full of filth, but the furniture was soon being piled onto handcarts and wheeled back to the house by the shopkeeper’s sons. A few flakes of snow were beginning to fall. We helped to haul it back upstairs and put it in what we thought might be the correct places3, Hepzibah and I finally collapsed onto the divan, expecting Estrade to join us. Instead he took his coat from behind the door and left without saying a word.
We slumped there and stared ahead for a while, re-evaluating our lives.
“Oh yeah, I’ve got your money.”
“Don’t give me your damn money,” I snapped. “In any case, I’m not going tonight. I’m too tired after that miserable farce, and besides, I’ve got to go and fetch the idiot Chen from his office at eight.”
“He works ‘til eight?”
“He works until six thirty, but he sent me a text saying that someone wanted to talk to him about something. Christ. I hope to God they don’t stick him back in jail; I couldn’t face getting the silly sod out again. What time is it now?”
“Just gone twenty to.”
“Fuck.” I hauled myself to my feet and we set off into the dark.
Chen was standing outside the teashop, underneath the fairy lights that covered the awning, looking lost and alone. I rolled the window down and waved at him, not being able to drive into the alley itself.
“If he’s spent all afternoon in there I’m going to personally drive him back to Mashhad and hand him over to the prison authorities,” I said viciously. He jumped into the back and I did a u-turn. 
“Ow! Would you people stop doing that?” he yelled from a corner. 
“Less back seat driving, more news,” I said.
“Well if you’re going to be like that…” he began, and then he noticed my expression. “Fine, fine. I had dinner with Huzi and some of the other guys, they told me some interesting stuff.” Hepzibah turned round in her seat, looking encouraging (I hoped). “Apparently Zhao had a biiiiiiig losing streak about two months back. Couldn’t catch a break. Everyone thought he was going to wind up stony broke, but he managed to pull it back. Seems like he sailed pretty close to the wind to do it, but no one could tell me exactly how.”
“Know who he was losing to?” I asked. Sometimes a losing streak is just a losing streak. And sometimes it isn’t.
“No, but I don’t think it was a scam. Apparently the guy has some serious mafia contacts, so they wouldn’t try to rip him off or let someone else do it.”
“He’s in with the mafia?” I asked, still hoping against hope that we might be able to threaten the man in some way that would not involve me playing mahjong with him.
“He just hangs out with them or something, I dunno. He’s squeaky clean himself, take it from me.”
 “What else happened?” I asked, pulling up to the lights where the dedicated young policeman was still busy directing traffic. He looked very cold indeed. I was thankful for the Landcruiser’s heater; Bibi’s car was far warmer than her house.
“Zhao was a total douche. That’s what happened. Kept saying shit like ‘Enjoy your little trip to Iran?’ I hope you’re happy.” 
“’Courage! He said, and pointed towards the land,’” I quoted stirringly. “’This mounting wave will roll us shoreward soon.’”
“Yeah, I guess,” said Chen. He did not look happy about it. If it came to that, neither did I. We pulled into the garage and schlepped back upstairs to the sitting room, where Bibi was peering suspiciously at the tv cabinet. She moved it a little to the left and stepped back to look again, shaking her head slightly. All of the heaters were on full, and the room smelled of carbon monoxide poisoning.
I went out to chat to my ex-bacha friend and see whether or not he had any information regarding the angry prosecutor. He hadn’t, but I came back with a bag full of samosas and other nice things. Hepzibah thanked me graciously when I offered to share my haul. Chen didn’t.
“He’s not buying them for you. He’s buying them because he’s a faggot and he wants to fuck the bacha bazi who runs the place.”
“No samosas for you,” I said primly.
“That guy’s a real bacha bazi?” Hepzibah asked, thrilled. “I never realised. I’ve never seen a genuine one before.” She took a bite of samosa. “I mean, obviously, he’s beyond hot, but I had no idea…”
“The genuine article. Used to belong to some Mujahideen bigwig. If you need connections, he’s got them in spades.”
“How’d you find out?” Hepzibah asked, her mouth full. I shrugged.
“You recognise the type after a while; I’ve been invited to bacha bazi performances when I’ve been here on business before.”
“See!” Chen crowed triumphantly from his corner. “The man likes he-shes.”
“These days they don’t usually dress up as women,” I discoursed informatively. “They just have slightly longer hair than usual and lots of jewelry. And shake it.”
“You people disgust me.”
“Why is it that guys dressing up as women get less realistic the further West you go?” Hepzibah mused.
“You noticed that too? Although, I don’t think that it’s a question of realism with bachas. - they’re not pretending to be women, after all. You couldn’t compare them to Thai ladyboys.”
“Fair point.” She nodded. 
“You know,” I said thoughtfully, warming to my subject, “I once saw a performance by Tamasaburo Bando; I think he was probably the most enthralling femme fatale I’ve ever seen. Made Greta Garbo look like Shirley Temple. I think that probably the point behind it is that men know what men find attractive; he was sexy in a way that no mere female could ever achieve. Present company excepted.” Chen opened his mouth. “And as I am the only one here whose heterosexuality is beyond question, it’s my opinion we’ll be trusting on the subject.”
“Yeah, Absolute Obedience Taiwan Edition,” Hepzibah added. “We all know what homophobia really means.”
“That’s different,” Chen said sulkily.
“I’ll say.” (If you’re unfamiliar with the oeuvre, it’s a Japanese video game on the theme of rough gay sex; order your copy early to avoid disappointment. I was beginning to feel rather curious about Chen’s prison experiences, I admit.)
I almost decided to go out after all, since Chen spent the next half hour mopping and mowing and feeling put-upon because a) he would have to go to work tomorrow, and b) we hadn’t shared the samosas. He was casting a blight on the whole house, and I announced my intention to spend the night at the Gandamack Lodge instead, where he would be unable to annoy me further. In the end it was Hepzibah who came up with an alternative.
“How do you play mahjong?” she asked suddenly. I began to explain (vide supra), but she cut me off. “There’s no way I’ll remember that lot. Show me in a real game.”
“I haven’t got any tiles.”
“You’ve got a computer; play online. You can get your hand in and make some money to add to the pot.”
“It’s not the same without real people,” I said apathetically.
“Meh. I hear that all the time.”
“Oh aye?” I wiggled my eyebrows salaciously. 
“Pffft. I meant about e-books. I’m sitting around quietly reading and some smug nark arrives to tell me all about how it’s just not the same as real books. And it’s always some mouth-breathing illiterate that I’ve never seen read anything.”
“Like the people who criticise bacha-bazi shows without having been to any,” I muttered.  
“In any case, you’re just doing it to teach us the rules; it doesn’t matter that you can’t enjoy their expressions of frustration and despair as you beat the hell out of them, which obviously you are going to do.” 
Of course, I could hardly say no to that. We fired up my laptop, arranged the chairs in a half-circle and began to play. Chen already knew the rules and wanted to show off, and Hepzibah and Bibi picked them up soon enough. Quite quickly, all three of them were looming behind me in the soft orange glow from the heaters, craning over my shoulders, yelling “kong” or “suck on it, ass-candle” as the circumstances dictated. Normally, this would have annoyed me beyond words, but I gave in and merely followed their confused and contradictory directions. In fact, I quite enjoyed myself. After two hours we were up $30.
Estrade arrived back shortly after that. He did not say where he had been, and I did not ask, but there were fresh scrapes on his knuckles. Caveat emptor, I suppose. He sat down on the divan, watching the empty space in front of him as though expecting it to do something interesting. Bibi took over control of the mouse when I shuffled off to bed, and I could hear them konging and ponging late into the night.

Chapter 10: Chicken Hands

Hafiz, thy life has sped untouched by care,
With me towards the tavern turn thy feet!
The fairest robbers thou'lt encounter there,
And they will teach thee what to learn is sweet.

-Hafiz

The good weather was back by the following morning, the sky blue and the air sharp as a razor. I spent most of the day at the end of a long extension lead, playing mahjong in the courtyard. 
Within the sheltering walls of Bibi’s house, the peach tree had already begun to shed its first flowers, which dropped on me and my keyboard like blessings from above. I could barely even hear the noise of the city outside. 
Did you know that the Samurai used the sakura flower as their emblem because cherry blossoms fall while still in their prime? Terrifying warrior I am not, but I understand the sentiment. Just short of thirty, I have suffered from chronic high blood pressure for years, something that has always been a source of profound relief to me. I will almost certainly die of a heart attack long before I have chance to grow senile and decrepit.
I intended to attempt to introduce myself to one or another of the city’s illicit gambling dens that night, and wanted a little practice beforehand. Whatever Hepzibah may say, it is not the same online, though I did win another couple of hundred quid, which set me up well for the evening. 
As for the others, Chen was back at work, having been driven up to the front door by Estrade that morning (we still did not entirely trust him). Bibi was at a friend’s wedding. Estrade, whom I suspected of running some other business venture, in addition to his ill-fated foray into the sex industry, merely disappeared. I had spent an hour or two trying to contact anyone who may have known what he had been up to between our previous meeting (at the Prospekt Kosmonavtov metro station in Yekaterinburg a couple of years before, since you ask) and when he showed up in jail in Iran, encountering no notable success. Given that he had probably been using an entirely different name during this time, my failure to progress did not surprise me.
As the sun sank, blood red, into the mountains, I dressed myself as a well-off Chinese businessman (or as you or I would recognise it, an ageing caddy at a small provincial golf course), in a baby blue polo shirt and slacks, courtesy of the second hand clothes shop across the road. Obviously I couldn’t pass for the real thing, any more than I could pretend to be a genuine Afghan, but I felt that the effort would not be amiss. Both cars being out for the day with their respective proprietors, I took a taxi down to the first place on my list, zipping through the gathering dusk, feeling oddly nervous. I had picked it purely on the basis that it was the closest, being somewhere just off Hisai Si Road. In fact, the taxi driver, recently arrived from Rawalpindi, got lost, and it was by chance alone that we stumbled upon the restaurant, the generic red lanterns by the door guiding us home.
I paid the driver off and ambled shiftily up to the door, where a po-faced woman who looked like a miniature Russian wrestler was mopping the step with bleach.
“Wanr majiang?”4 I asked hopefully.
“Mei you,”5 she replied, without looking up. My Chinese doesn’t stretch much further than this, to be perfectly honest. I was a little at a loss as to what to try next.
“Oh go on.”
“Mei you.” She squeezed the end of her mop and went back inside, letting the door swing shut in my face. Despite being entirely vindicated in my predictions of failure, I did not feel that I could respectably return to the house and admit that I had given up after such a pathetic attempt. But on the other hand, what else could I do? I knew that even with a wallet full of helpful phone numbers, I was likely to receive the same reply in every miserable little flea-pit I tried. Two deliverymen carrying sack of onions pushed past me.
It was then that I had a stroke of luck (good or bad, I was not entirely sure), for the man who had offered me his niece the previous morning pulled up in a large, black Audi. He was with a couple of friends, all, I was pleased to note, wearing the same uniform as me. He saw to it that I was admitted with no quibbles whatsoever, and a blank-faced waiter led us through to the back room. The other diners did not look up from their food. I shot a triumphant glance at the Russian wrestler. She ignored me like a pro.
If someone says the words “secret Chinese gambling den” to you, what do you think of? Opium fumes? Pliant young ladies in cheong sams? Sharp-suited mafia kingpins? Seven times out of ten, what you’ll actually get is what I found then: a concrete-walled stockroom full of Tsingtao Beer crates and old people eating instant noodles in silence under a bare bulb. The other three times it will be the front room of a low-rent apartment with the curtains drawn. Same beer crates and old people, though.
There were two games in progress, and my new friend (Mr. Li) and I stood back, watching discreetly while his companions added hot water to their noodles. He kept up a quiet running commentary on the players.
“That’s Ma Jinliang from Sanfu Exports. Very good player. Often win. Then is Dr. Yuan, good but not lucky. Wife does not know he is here. Behind is Mrs. Jing. Very good but too much drunk. Now watch.” I followed his command and the room fell silent but for the clicking of tiles and the slurping of noodles. “Too soon chi,” he whispered after a while. “Always too soon chi, Mrs. Jing.” (I should point out that, of course, the game’s terminology varies by language, dialect and region. A chi is the standard Mandarin equivalent of a chow.) “Long game. No good.” He was right; it was something of a long hand, with no one being in a particularly advantageous position. Dr. Yuan came out the winner, but gained few points and - judging by his expression - even less joy from the fact. He polished his glasses and said nothing. (Even now, I barely have a better idea of what makes him tick than I did on that first night. He always reminded me of that rhyme about the man who wasn’t there; I suspect that he is probably far more intelligent than I am.)
“How much per point?” I asked.
“Early still. 5 kuai.” Just under 50p. It does not sound much, but thousands of points can change hands over the course of a game. Dr. Yuan was already around £40 richer than he had been when we arrived. If this was typical, then even the simple task of ingratiating myself within the milieu could prove very expensive indeed.
We watched a couple more games and Mr. Li downed a beer, looking meditative. I was getting a little bored; I find it difficult to concentrate on any game on which I have no money riding. Finally Dr. Yuan got up and left, bidding everyone a polite farewell and dropping his winnings into a plastic carrier bag which he rolled up and stuffed into the inside pocket of his anorak. 
“Now is my chance,” Mr. Li announced gleefully, putting his bottle down on the table. “I show you Xiao Ke has a very clever uncle.” He took Dr. Yuan’s place at the table and the tiles were shuffled. The glaring bulb was starting to give me a headache. There was a moth bouncing indefatigably against it; I felt a sudden surge of companionship with the poor creature. 
 The game began slowly, with Mr. Li winning the first round by means of a “chicken hand” – a winning hand that nevertheless earns no points (not as silly as it sounds - it is used as a defensive move to prevent another player from earning points; mahjong is a zero-sum game). It was not particularly impressive, but he salvaged what he could – pointing out proudly to me that he had deprived Ma of a good 120 points.
The back-and-forth continued. My sponsor was up a little by the end of it all, though less than Ma, who had devoted the rest of the game to scuppering Li’s chances at every turn, smiling piously to himself as he did so.  Eventually they wrapped things up and the drunken woman collected her baggage together. She had been one of the night’s net losers, but showed no evident emotion at the fact. I decided that this was my chance and caught Li’s eye, nodding in the direction of the vacant seat. There was a brief argument between Li and Ma in Chinese. It was far too fast for me to pick up on, but as far as I could tell from the gestures, Ma was doubting my ability to pay. He kept prodding the table with one stubby finger. At one point he very nearly knocked his noodles over.
“You have how much RMB?” Li asked me finally, impatiently.
“None. Probably a few hundred dollars on me at the moment.” 
“Tch.”
“I could always win my stake…” I suggested, wiggling a little finger6.
“Tch.” It had been a bit of bravado and I had not seriously expected them to accept. Instead, I removed one of Estrade’s cufflinks from my pocket and put it down on the stained Formica table. Ma picked it up and stared at it closely, taking off his glasses to use as an impromptu loupe. A couple of other spectators joined him, and then finally one of the proprietors of the place arrived to stick his oar in. They glanced from it to me, appraising both of us out of suspicious eyes. I suddenly realised why they were so interested: no one but a career criminal would have a reason to own such a thing. They clearly thought that I was here to scam them. Even Mr. Li looked far less friendly than previously.
“This yours?” he asked.
“It was a gift from a friend. Why? Jia de ma?”7 I asked lightly.
“Not fake… But not a good thing to have.”
“So take it off me.” They looked at me just long enough to make me feel like it might be a prelude to a savage beating in the alley out the back. Finally Mr. Li leant back and laughed.
“Ok, ok. I back you. Sit down.” I took a seat in one of the uncomfortable plastic chairs.
The game was surprisingly difficult. I do not mean that they were exceptionally good, but I could afford neither to win (the alley was still an option, as Ma reminded me with every suspicious glance) nor to lose too heavily. It was a fine line, and I flatter myself that I walked it skilfully, emerging from the first game a mere 200 RMB richer. We shuffled and played a second game. I lost 3000 RMB on that one as a polite gesture to the irksome Ma. Fortunately they allowed me to pay the sum in dollars. I backed out after that. I was growing tired, and decided that I had pushed my luck sufficiently for one night. Mr. Li was doing relatively well and decided to stay on. I watched another game in which he – in a surprising run of good fortune – relieved his fellow players of around 10,000 RMB. He was in a chirpy mood after that, and insisted that I should come back the following night in order to “bring many luck” as he put it. That was all I needed. He ran me home in his Audi, having picked up a hooker (also Chinese) from a dark apartment block next to the restaurant. 
When I arrived back at the house, Bibi and Estrade were still out. In the empty hall I could both hear and see my own breath. Chen was back at the computer, playing mahjong online. The only illumination came from the screen and the softly-glowing paraffin heaters. Chen was wearing a fat winter jacket and a woolly hat.
“How’d you do then, mush?” he asked, not looking up. I stared at him, laughing incredulously.
“How the hell does a Tsinghua grad know about ‘mush’?”
“There were a bunch of European Romany guys in jail with us in Mashhad. Dunno what they were in for. The two youngest ones used to come over and teach me swearwords.” I sat down on the divan.
“They’re a long way from home.”
“Aren’t we all?” he said philosophically. “You know, Ilyushkin speaks Romany. Not well, but a bit.” I glanced up. This was interesting, but not necessarily significant. I know a little Anglo-Romany myself, and there are some shops in East London where I even let slip the occasional moosh, as it were. It is an unloveable language, and after you have been short-changed a few times you can soon come to loathe the sound of it.
“Does he really?”
“They’d get him to read and write stuff for them. Got no idea what they were up to. I don’t even know how they got the messages in and out of the place.”
“Write?” I asked. “It’s not a written language.”
“They’d give a sort of general idea of what they wanted and he’d write it down in English. I guess there was someone at the other end who could translate for them. Payment in cigarettes. I got most of them.” He stopped clicking at the mouse briefly, remembering. “Eh. Papinori,” he imitated the gravelly Balkan accents, threatening and wheedling at the same time. “Kames Marlboro? You chet, ok? Cushty?” 
“Papinori?”
“Yeah. What’s it mean?”
“A Romany girl with light skin.” I could see him raise his eyebrows in the reflection on the computer screen.
“Wow... Suddenly they don’t seem nearly as nice as I thought they were.” He looked contemplative. “Actually, I liked them; unlike most of the guys in there they were funny and… you know… heterosexual. Ilyushkin just hardly tolerated them. He’d sit there cross-legged on the floor, writing down what they had to say, looking at them rather than the paper.” The clicks had ceased again. I had known that Estrade had various dubious East European links, but the gypsy aspect was new to me. While it did not seem that they were particular fans of his, or vice versa (that Papinori crack would have earned them a punch in the face from someone less complacent), they nevertheless trusted him with their messages. How odd. 
“Anyway, you still didn’t tell me how your game went.” 
“Splendid. Lost $350 and got invited back tomorrow.”
“That’s splendid? Dude, this is our investment you’re fucking with.”
“Building trust, Mr. Chen. And it’s Ilyushkin’s and my own investment for the moment. I have not yet had recourse to any of the thousands of dollars that you have conspicuously failed to add to the pot.”
“Passive aggressive much?” he said, still not glancing up from the screen. “You wouldn’t even know about this shit if it weren’t for me. If you want money all you have to do is ask.”
“I’ll make a note of it,” I said. “How are you doing?”
“Meh. I was up 200 half an hour ago. Now I’m back at 50. I swear this thing is rigged.”
“That’s life.”
“That’s what all the people say…” he hummed. 
“I’ve been thinking…” I said after a while. “Everyone in your office knows that Zhao Jianguo gambles?”
“Yep.”
“And he knows that they know?”
“Yeah, he sometimes takes us out for dinner when he’s had a big win,” Chen said, sounding as though these were not his favourite social events.
“So why can’t you introduce me to him?” I asked. “It’d be a lot quicker than our current strategy.”
“Errrrr… I might not have mentioned it, but relations between us have been a tad strained lately.”
“Act contrite. After a week’s kissing up he’ll have forgotten all about it.”
“I dunno. I still don’t think I’d be believable.” I did not think that he would be particularly believable either, to tell the truth, but his calm acquiescence in the face of it irritated me. 
“Or better yet, get someone else to do it,” I said patiently. “Huzi, for instance. He seems like an amenable little chap.”
“I guess,” he said, still sounding doubtful.
“You don’t even have to propose it yourself. Just invite all of us out for a drink, and I’ll do the work.” There was a brief flurry of clicks and he snarled.
“I don’t want to be a Debbie Downer here,” he said after a while, “But Huzi hardly knows any English. Most of the guys don’t.”
“Who do you think I was playing with in that club tonight? The Algonquin Round Table? We’ll manage. Just sort out the invitations.”
“I guess,” he muttered again, hypnotized by the shifting tiles on the screen. I slapped him on the side of the head as I passed.
“Tomorrow.”
“Ow. Fine. Whatever.”

Chapter 11: Leverage

In fact, it was several days before Chen could collect a sufficient number of his colleagues together to make a drinking party. In the meantime, we fell into a dreary, aimless routine, everyone heading off to their respective jobs in the morning, and coming back to the house in the evening to sit around playing mahjong in the half-light using a set of plastic tiles that Chen had found on one of the markets. This seemed to be their way of lending me moral support, being unable to contribute in any other way but the strictly financial. 
When I say “everyone” I am, of course, excluding myself. I had no 9-to-5 to occupy me, and besides, I was usually knackered from the previous night’s mahjong session. I am also excluding Estrade, whose nameless new occupation seemed to involve a great many night shifts. I had called Anastasia to inform her that I would not, as previously predicted, be back within a couple of weeks. She assured me that she would do her best to cope, if necessary hiring a couple of university students to take over my marital duties until I got back.
In the end I decided not to try the other phone numbers on my list, sticking to the Hisai Si club (actually, the place was called Meigui8, which makes it sound like a whorehouse - possibly it was). Mr. Li, with whom I had grown quite pally, was an ever-present moral support. Besides, changing venues too often would have made me as much an object of suspicion as Estrade’s cufflinks had. Despite the linguistic barriers and their natural inclination to taciturnity, I got to know my fellow players quite well. I was pleased to realise that I was rather better at the game than most of the others (three parts drunk, two parts senile, one part innumerate). I nevertheless moderated my playing, aiming for one large win for every three small losses. In this way, I managed to come out slightly ahead of the game without appearing aggressive or devious. It was certainly nothing that the ordinary run of the tiles could not account for. After a few evenings, even Ma unbent sufficiently as to offer me a pack of noodles. Considering that this involves pouring hot water into a paper cup, it was hardly a greater-love-hath-no-man-than-this moment, but it made me feel strangely content. 
After around five days of this, and following a particularly dull session, my arrival back at the house at two in the morning happened to coincide with Estrade’s return from whatever unspeakable business he had been engaged in. He was standing waiting by the door when I arrived back, driving carfully on the icy streets. I felt him watching me before I saw him. We had not run into each other for a while, our schedules being out of sync, and it seemed like a good opportunity to discuss strategy.
So, with everyone else sleeping the sleep of the just, I flicked one of the heaters on and sat down on the divan in the semi-darkness. The house always felt ten times bigger than it actually was at night; the long, silent corridors had something almost institutional about them. I pulled the evening’s winnings out of my pocket and began to go through the lumps of various currencies. Estrade stood by the heater for a while, warming himself up, his hands in his pockets. He was about to turn and leave when I stopped him.
“Wait a minute, Papinori.” He raised an eyebrow. “You know,” I said, allowing myself to get sidetracked, “If I was going to put someone in a coma, it’d be for that, rather than for feeling up some Chinese bloke I’d never even met until a couple of days ago.” He shrugged.
“I can’t put everyone in a coma, no matter how tempting the idea may seem.” 
“Admirable self-restraint. In any case…” I stretched out, returning to my main theme. “Suppose I do play this man at mahjong - and this speculation does not mean that I find it to be a feasible plan, or that I’ll do it even if it is - but just supposing I do... We should think this through.” It was rather a lame finish to such extensive preliminaries, but I wanted to hear what Estrade had to say before contributing any suggestions of my own. Several ideas had been running through my head, not all of them legal, but I had no intention of letting them out to play in the open air before he had done likewise.
“Very well,” he said, not taking a seat. Our breath rose in pale clouds as we spoke.
“For one thing, I don’t know how much I’m supposed to be taking him for. I assume two million wouldn’t cut it. He’ll be able to get together collateral for a loan.”
“The two million was a loan,” Estrade said, sitting down finally. He opened a can of the vile iced coffee that they sell in Asia and poured it out into a teacup that had been sitting on the table.
“It was…?” I asked. He swallowed some of the soi-disant coffee and looked irritably at the remaining couple of inches left in the cup, as though it had offered him some sort of personal insult.  
“According to the information that I was able to get - which, I have to say, was neither abundant nor easily extracted –his current funds are part of a loan made out to him by a private bank in Anhui on the instructions of the Provincial Governor. Coffee?” he asked, pulling another can from inside his coat.
“No thank you.” 
“He told his employees that he’d won the money. In fact, it was lent to him in order that he might gamble his way out of an even bigger debt owed to a company by the name of FPT Holdings, which itself has - as far as I was able to ascertain - ties to Taiwanese organized crime.”
“I assume your sources are highly unreliable?” I asked.
“They are honourable,” he enunciated quietly.
“You couldn’t have mentioned it before?” I was pissed off, I can tell you. Here I was busting a gut every night, and he was withholding crucial information. Also, and possibly more worryingly, he was implicating the Russian mafia in our activities. Naturally, I had known about these connections of his from the beginning (if it comes to it, I possess some of my own - Gazprom execs and Saudi idiots aren’t the only ones who invest in art), but I was not entirely happy about their active participation in any specific bit of business we may have in hand, however helpfully garrulous they may prove to be with regard to Zhao’s affairs.
“I wanted to make sure of the details. Besides, people tend to get nervous when you start talking about these kind of-”
“Honourable sources?” I worked slowly through the chain of financial heartache in my mind. The paraffin heater was hitting its stride, and the room grew lighter. I decided that there was no use complaining about Estrade’s use of his network of dubious contacts. It was too late, and besides, a kind of low-grade, generalised criminality is as much a part of him as his fondness for expensive clothes or his sociopathic tendencies. We could have been in Tunbridge Wells and he would still have managed to drag us into a noir-ish tangle of shady dealings and doubtful businessmen. Still, I reflected, with any luck, I would never actually be forced into contact with any of his ‘honourable sources’. In any case, I told myself mendaciously, I had committed to nothing yet.
“I hesitate to use the term, but this could be a stroke of luck…” I said finally. Committed to nothing.
If you are an investment banker or regularly gamble with other people’s money in some other way, you will understand the position immediately. It effectively meant that, should we win Zhao Jianguo’s money, we would gain two million, but he would lose far more than that: he would be deprived of both the two million and everything else that he had been intending to win using that two million, and he would still be deeply in debt. Moreover, considering his already over-leveraged position, it would be extremely difficult for him to secure any further loans to try the trick again. 
“This is only 13% coffee. The rest is all sugar and artificial milk,” said Estrade, reading the back of the can. He appeared disappointed by homo sapiens’ essential duplicity.
“We’ll have to make sure that we can collect though,” I mused. “The man clearly has connections and he could just refuse to pay up. I dare say that we could hire some thugs…” He pulled a sheaf of papers out of his inside coat pocket. 
“I bought this today.”
“Lazarus Industries,” I read. “Articles of incorporation and blah blah blah…”
“It’s a shell company that a Russian mafia syndicate used to use to buy and sell weapons. They closed down their operations a year or so ago. I bought the name for a hundred dollars. If you manage to win the two million from Chen, I propose that you sell his debt on to Lazarus Industries. With alacrity.”
“I see,” I said, deciding that I would require an entirely legitimate document giving me at least half shares in Lazarus Industries before I handed over anything at all. 
The plan, obviously, was for me to win the money from Chen and have him write out an IOU. This I would ‘sell’ to Lazarus industries, whose representative – at a guess, a terrifying character by the name of Casimir Ilyushkin – would show up shortly after, extremely disinclined to discuss terms. Zhao would panic and search out all the information he could find regarding Lazarus Industries and Casimir Ilyushkin. As soon as he worked out that the former was a front for the Russian mob, and the latter apparently did not exist, he would be willing to do anything to see the debt cancelled. It all seemed like reasonable conjecture to me. There was one small problem, however.
“You know that if we want to win two million dollars, we have to be prepared to risk losing even more than that? And it might not all be to Zhao - there’ll be two other people in the game, and either one of them could wipe us out. If they’re playing at that level it means that they’re good and have the resources to throw at it. What’s more, mahjong isn’t like poker where you can risk everything on a good hand...” I said, coming to the point that I had so far had so much trouble conveying. “It’s incremental. You build up a stock of points - that’s what I’ve been trying to say all along. The nature of the game is against us. We can’t suddenly raise the stakes if we think we’re onto a lucky streak, and Zhao might decide to back out at any minute…” I tailed off. I realised that I sounded like I was inventing problems, despite the fact that every issue I had mentioned was a genuine and significant obstacle. 
“I have faith in your ability to annoy him sufficiently that he raises the stakes and refuses to back down of his own initiative,” Estrade said. I shot him a look.
“How nice it is to know that people believe in you,” I said sourly.

Chapter 12: Diplomacy

The next day I got up around eleven, as was my wont (the early mornings are the best part of the day in Kabul - as in most places - but I had the more demanding schedule of the mahjong parlour to obey). Hepzibah was in the front room, along with an extremely neat young man wearing an ill-fitting suit and a parka with a furry hood. 
“You win?” she asked. She had her boots on the table. Fortunately it was already chipped and dented beyond redemption.
“I’m not even sure I know what can be considered a win in these times of turpitude and deception in which we live,” I said, searching for my phone among the cushions on the divan.
“Yeah? Well this is Pierre de la Roche-Saint-André.”
“I’m sorry. This endless mahjong is really taking it out of me. Am I supposed to know who that is?”
“No. He’s a cultural something or other from the Embassy.”
“Oh. Right. Nicolas Keszthelyi. Pleased to meet you,” I shook his hand absently and went back to searching.
“We both have a day off, and he followed me down here.”
“Must be your enchanting personality. Does he speak English, by the way?”
“Yes.”
“Oh. I don’t suppose either one of you fancies going out and getting me breakfast?”
“There’s some dry bread and tea in the kitchen.” I finally found my phone and we all decamped to the kitchen, pulling out the rickety wooden chairs and taking up our places around the table. Bibi had left some baggies and elastic bands in one of the open drawers, and I discreetly nudged it shut.
“Any news then?” Hepzibah asked.
“Plenty. But…” I glanced across at her companion, who was watching us as though we were an interesting exhibit about the mating behaviour of the spiny anteater. I did not want to have to actually say “pas devant les doméstiques”.
“Tell me about it,” she muttered grimly, yanking a corner off the bread.
“Oh, one thing I can say, however. I found out where Estrade’s been spending his evenings.” She raised an eyebrow.
“Working overtime at the clinic?” She made that pushing-at-a-stuck-door gesture that is the Italian for what she suspected Estrade to have been doing. 
“Visiting old friends. Honourable Russian friends.”
“We’re all going to end up shot at this rate,” she said, through a mouthful of bread and tea.
“I was thinking something similar,” I confessed gloomily.
“In any case,” she shrugged and shot another vicious glance at Pierre de la Roche-Whatever. “You can BBM me all the news that’s fit to print.”
Recounting it now, it sounds like we were behaving like utter pricks to the man. Fortunately he was one of those people off whom such subtleties bounce like ping-pong balls, and none of it registered. He is clearly destined for a stellar career in the Foreign Service. 
Having no other option, I turned to him, smiling genially, while Hepzibah made short work of the bread and tea. She was spreading crumbs far and wide.
“So I hear you’re a cultural something or other?”
“Attaché at the Service of Cooperation and Cultural Action.” His accent was thick enough to float a battleship, and I shot Hepzibah a glance.
“He went to the ENA,” she said indistinctly, as if this was supposed to explain it9.
“Oh.”
“Nicky? Do you want to go to the zoo?” he asked. I must have looked a little surprised. I had quite forgotten that Hepzibah was not her real name. Also, I rather liked the idea of her being taken out to the zoo.
“No. But don’t let me stop you.” She reached out for another piece of bread and realised that the plate was empty. “Oh. Sorry. Looks like I’ve eaten it all. Want me to go out and get some more?”
“Don’t bother, it was three days old anyway.” I had taken one bite and pushed it away in revulsion.
“Anne-Sophie and the girls from the consulate are going to go shopping today.” Pierre said, “We could go with them.”
“You could go-” began Hepzibah irritably, and then stopped. “Actually… What a good idea. Tell them to come and pick us up.” He obediently pulled out his phone and made the call.
I had been about to return to my attempts to include him, when my own phone rang. It was Achmed of the Coins, who was apparently standing in front of the building, requesting entry. This bothered me a little bit, since I had not told him where I was staying, but I slouched down and invited him upstairs nevertheless. He peered suspiciously around him as we made our way upstairs; clearly my choice of lodgings puzzled him. I had no intention of providing any sort of explanation whatsoever. 
I made a new pot of tea and the four of us sat on the divan, all looking uncomfortable except for Pierre, who was probably incapable of such a feat. He had still not removed his jacket, and Achmed looked at him strangely.
“This is excellent tea,” Achmed lied after a while, attempting to break the ice.
“You think so? I found it quite horrible, myself.” I was tired of the lot of them. Achmed coughed politely, possibly hiding a chuckle. According to Buddhist legend, the first tea bush sprang from the detached eyelids of the monk Bodhidarma, who had cut them off in a pious rage at his own tendency to fall asleep while meditating. This cup certainly tasted like it.
“In fact, I came to see you about the photographs you showed me last week.” Silence. He glanced carefully round the room. “I have spoken to my directors at the Museum, who - in turn - have spoken to the Ministry. We are extremely interested in the pieces you showed me.” I was not entirely sure how to respond to this.
“Quite,” I murmured discreetly, like an expensive doctor listening to a description of chronic erectile dysfunction. Even should we fail to acquire any further examples, I saw no reason why the three currently in Chen’s possession should not be sold to offset our expenses. While the Afghan government was not an ideal trading partner, I decided to keep my options open.
“You see, my friend…” he continued quietly, and the alarm bells grew deafening. I have never been addressed as ‘my friend’ by anyone who did not intend to insert a knife into my back at the first opportunity. He must have noticed a slight cooling of the atmosphere, for he drew back a little, business-like now. “Mr. Keszthelyi… The Museum intends to hold a large exhibition of pre-Islamic art next year, in order to show the world that Afghanistan has fully re-joined the concert of democratic nations...” His expression was carefully blank; he was clearly reciting from an unwholesome script. “We wish to demonstrate that our country has the will and the capacity to handle its own affairs in an appropriate and responsible manner.” I nodded politely. Hepzibah’s eyes flicked back and forth between us.
“Euh… Excuse me,” Pierre broke in, raising a hand slightly. “The bathroom?” All three of us fixed him in a conjoint basilisk stare, which he - of course - failed to notice. 
“On the left, right at the end.”
“Thank you.”
“Don’t mention it.” He puts his cup down with a clink. Footsteps. Door opens. Door closes. Three people breathe.
“Where was I?”
“The concert of democratic nations.”
“Thank you. Yes…” He took a sip of horrible tea and continued. “In light of this, both my superiors at the Museum and the relevant authorities at the Ministry have decided that they may be willing to buy back certain pieces suspected to have been looted, without necessarily asking too many questions of the current proprietors.” It was my turn to focus on my tea. Quiet traffic sounds filtered through the gaps in the window frames.
“That seems like a wise choice. However, according to my source, the pieces I showed you were not looted. They were found at an archaeological site.” Another long, delicate pause.
“‘Finders keepers’, is, I believe, the English expression, Mr. Keszthelyi…” Achmed said, finally.
“I’m sure I couldn’t say.”
“But I… or, that is to say, my superiors… merely meant that the pieces in question have been looted from our national cultural heritage in the more general sense. They have been removed from Afghanistan against the will of the Afghan people, and now we wish to repatriate them.” He shifted himself forward, perching on the edge of the divan. I looked down modestly.
“Well, I dare say that there are certain people who may quibble the details of that explanation… But if a respectable individual such as yourself assures me that it is the case, then I needs must accept the truth of it,” I said slowly. Achmed inclined his head graciously. “However…” Here there was the sound of a toilet flushing, and Pierre marching back down the corridor. He took a seat. I allowed myself to sigh audibly. “However,” I continued, “I am not my brother antiquarian’s keeper. All I have in my possession are a set of photographs. While I could certainly attempt to contact the original dealer for you, I can promise no more than that.”
“Of course, of course,” he murmured, as though nothing had been further from his mind.
“Should I manage to find him, I would, naturally, assure him that you were willing to enter the market in good faith…”
“I am glad. I should like… your colleague… to be aware that we are content to be accommodating on this matter.”
“More tea?”
“That is kind of you.” As I was pouring, there was a vociferous honking from the street below. Pierre brightened up.
“Ah, that is Anne-Sophie and the girls. Let’s go.” Hepzibah gave him a smile that would have made a more perceptive man quail back in horror. Achmed looked ostentatiously at his watch.
“Ah yes. I am afraid I also must leave you. I have much to organise at the Museum.”
“So soon? Well, I must be grateful even for such a fleeting visit. You have given me much to think about.”
“Likewise, I am sure.” Thankfully, Hepzibah yanked the door open before anyone drowned in the flood of flowery politenesses that followed.
Downstairs, Anne-Sophie and two other girls were waiting by an idling taxi. Each was wearing a Hermès headscarf and a pair of Manolo Blahnik’s finest; people were staring.
“Oh. Is she coming?” One of them asked rudely in French, spotting Hepzibah. “How quaint.”
“No,” she said, smiling in a brittle sort of way.
“No?” Pierre turned to her, looking surprised.
“Unfortunately, I’ve just remembered some things I have to take care of at the Embassy. Have fun.” I had realised that this was her plan about three seconds after she accepted his offer, he – of course – had not.
“Well, if you are sure. I wish you could come, though.”
“Another time. Be careful not to get kidnapped and dragged off to the mountains to be starved, beaten and raped until your families pay the ransom.” She waved chirpily.
“Yeah, Pierre, come on!” one of the girls called. As they got into a taxi I heard one of them tittering something about ‘rough trade’.
“You know,” Hepzibah said as we turned back to the house, “Friendly fire incidents happen a lot more often than you might reckon.” I suspect that she scares the bejeesus out of her commanding officers.
I cleared the tea things away, feeling vaguely unsettled. I would have liked to discuss our discoveries in Bibi’s cellar with Hepzibah, but something dissuaded me. She would have wanted to go down and look, and I suspected that she would have had no hesitation in forcing the locked door. Possibly Estrade had already given her the grand tour. It seemed like the sort of thing they would enjoy.
“So. Honourable Russian friends?” Hepzibah asked after a while, leaning against the fridge and lighting a cigarette. I handed her a saucer to use as an ashtray.
“Mmm.” I passed on what Estrade had told me about Zhao’s financial situation. Hepzibah was not an investment banker, and it took a little more exposition before she understood the implications, but she soon brightened up when she realised that our task had apparently been rendered a great deal easier.
“In any case, Chen’s taking me out for dinner with some people from Lanfeng Mining tonight,” I finished. “I’m going to try to get one of them to introduce me to Zhao, or at least to his mahjong club. Want to come along?”
“Can’t. Got a unit morale-building evening.”
“Sounds awful. What do you do? Pass round your necklaces made of ears?”
“Drink.” She considered the prospect. “It’s not as bad as it sounds.”
“Like Wagner.”
“?”
“Mark Twain: ‘Wagner’s music is not nearly as bad as it sounds’.”
“I was always more of a baroque fan myself.”
“Really?”
“No, I’m shitting you.”

Chapter 13: Seduction

Où il n’y a que des instincts, des tics nerveux et des battements de cils, il a vu des regrets, du rêve et du désir. Il n’y a rien dans les yeux, et c’est là leur terrifiante et douloureuse énigme, leur charme hallucinant et abominable. Il n’y a rien que ce que nous y mettons nous-mêmes. Voilà pourquoi il n’y a de vrais regards que dans les portraits.

- Jean Lorrain

Having nothing better to do, we spent most of the rest of the day watching Bollywood movies on Bibi’s top-of-the range, widescreen tv, inventing our own translations for the jabbering dialogue and wetting ourselves laughing at our wit. Hepzibah left at five to go to her morale-building evening, and I wrote a long e-mail to Anastasia, with instructions to read it out to Masha, Anya and Nadezhda. I was careful to include no profanities or obscene suggestions. In the post scriptum I asked her how the university students were managing. 
Chen arrived back at seven, driven by Bibi. He informed me that we would be taking his colleagues to a restaurant called Xihu, and that if he was going to be expected to endure their company outside of office hours he fully intended to get shitfaced beforehand. Bibi went to put on her Julia Roberts outfit.
I too had little desire to leave the house. The heaters had been on in the sitting room all day, and the place was finally beginning to warm up. Moreover, an old episode of Cops was playing on tv. I could happily have settled in for an evening spent curled up on the sofa with Bibi, giving thanks that I am not a black meth addict in Florida. It seemed an infinitely more attractive prospect than heading out into the icy darkness beyond the front door. 
Also, if I really had to go and eat with Chen’s colleagues, I would have preferred to have had Estrade’s with me. This seemed impossible, however, if he was already assigned the role of Lazarus Industries later on in the performance. In the end Bibi did not join us either. She received an urgent phone call from a friend who was having a domestic emergency out in the suburbs and dejulified herself as fast as she could. Last I saw of her, she was ramming a veil on and jumping into the Landcruiser, yelling something to Chen about not getting high on her supply.
We were slightly late, as a result of Chen getting high on Bibi’s supply, but I thought that the final effect was something of an improvement on his usual state. We took a taxi back to his office, where his friends were waiting for us, shuffling around in the cold outside the building, all wrapped in thick jackets. To my slight irritation there were only three of them: Huzi, the receptionist and a scruffy chap who was new to me.
“Three? You brought three?” I asked incredulously. The taxi driver glanced round at me.
“It was the best I could do,” Chen replied, sounding defensive. “I’ve been a leper ever since everyone realised that Zhao’s got it in for me.” We ground to a halt and I tried to rearrange my features into a hail-fellow-well-met expression. Chen introduced me to the receptionist (Wei Lina)10 and the scruffy chap (Leng Shuai), and we made polite, awkward conversation for a while.
Then I had a stroke of luck. We were about to get in the car and head off to the restaurant, resigned (for my part at least) to a drearily unproductive evening, when who should come stomping out of the building but Zhao Jianguo himself. He flung a moody “zaijian”11 at us in passing, without at any point removing his gaze from the pavement, but I had no intention of letting him get away that easily.
“And is this another colleague of yours?” I asked loudly.
“He’s the boss of the company,” Chen muttered miserably into his scarf. At that moment, I would happily have killed him. Thankfully Leng was more forthcoming.
“Hey, Mr. Zhao! You should come and meet Nicolas Keszthelyi,” he yelled after the departing figure. Zhao turned, looking as though he strongly suspected that the experience would bring him no joy (correct, in the end). Well this is it, Nico my boy, I thought. Now or never. For the next five minutes, I exercised every ounce of charisma I possessed on the intractable Mr. Zhao. Finally, agonisingly, I extracted from him his promise to follow us to the restaurant. By the time I had finished I was cold and shattered, and he too was looking a little poleaxed. We got into our separate cars and set off, speeding through the raggedy evening traffic. I spent the entire journey wrenching myself round in my seat to make sure that he was still following. I’m not sure whether Chen’s colleagues thought that I fancied the man. 
Xihu can be found at the heart of such a labyrinth of tiny, cobbled alleys that to this day I would be entirely unable to locate it on a map of the city. It sat at the end of a twisting passage where any remaining daylight was almost entirely blocked out by overhanging upstairs extensions, sagging washing lines and, above that, a Gordian tangle of electrical cables. While Chen and the others seemed to know the place well, calling out friendly greetings to the proprietress and her husband as we entered, it was new experience for Zhao and me. The restaurant was what the tourist guides like to describe as “genuine local” - a dirty concrete cube with wobbly plastic tables, bare bulbs and a 2008 calendar on the wall. It managed to be both full of steam and freezing cold at the same time. The food on offer, as you may have guessed from the name, was Zhejiang cuisine, and I was clearly not going to be allowed to escape without swallowing some dongpo pork and telling everyone how wonderful it was12. We ordered our dishes and I continued my animated discussion with Zhao, leaving the others trailing in our wake.
“I’ll buy the alcohol,” I announced as the waitress noted our request for beer down in her little notebook. “I’m celebrating a mahjong win.”
“Ah?” Zhao asked. Gotcha.
“Only about $400, but every little helps. Do you play?”
“A little.” For once in his misspent life, Chen decided to be helpful.
“Don’t be so modest.” He turned to me. “He plays all the time.”
“Really? Whereabouts?”
“Here and there.”
“Well I only just arrived in town, but I’ve been playing at a restaurant called Meigui.”
“Ah yes.”
“Know the place?”
“A little.” Christ, this was like pulling teeth. Zhao was obviously one of those people who take a perverse pride in their own social inadequacy, seeing their inability to get on with others as proof of intellectual superiority. It’s getting to be quite a hazard these days. Who among us hasn’t been bored rigid at a party by someone who feels pressed to explain to all and sundry that they are a natural introvert? I once took a female one out for dinner at Nobu. She had big blue eyes and no small talk whatsoever. I carried the conversation all night, before heading home to fling my briefcase at the cat, vowing never to let myself in for such a horrendous experience again. Shortly afterwards, she called to tell me that she felt we had a real connection and that she had enjoyed herself very much. “Of course you bloody enjoyed yourself,” I snarled back, “I was the one doing all the work.” These days, of course, it is even worse, now that E.L. James has made it entirely acceptable for women to announce that they are ‘submissives’ at some point during the first three sentences you exchange. Of course, what they actually mean is “I expect you to know what I want before I want it and act accordingly; my role in the proceedings will be to lie there like a fresh corpse, graciously allowing you to get on with it”. But I digress.
The waitress arrived with the beer.
“It was Li Shan who introduced me to the place,” I continued desperately.
“Ah. Li Shan. Very good player,” he muttered, unbending a little.
“He is, isn’t he? And his risks always seem to come off. Last night he managed to pick up a one-bamboo right at the end of the game to wipe the floor with all of us - three similar triplets, it was. Mrs. Jing was furious; she was the one who discarded it, for some unknown reason.”
“Mrs. Jing. A good player when she was young.”
“She’s not bad now, but she loses concentration. So you know all these people?”
“Not many players in Kabul.” The first of the dishes arrived then, and we appreciated the prawns-in-tea for a while. Across the room someone was having a birthday party, and the toasts were coming thick and fast. The ambient noise was rising steadily.
“So where is it you play?” I asked, speaking above the din.
“A hotel in Karta-e-Now. Xingxing Jiudian in Chinese. Maybe has another English name.”
“And you get some good games there?”
“Some.”
“I’ve been asking about other venues.” I said, stirring the rice in my bowl. “I like the Meigui, but the dollars-per-point ratio is nothing to write home about. Where’s the fun if you’re not risking anything?” He smiled, showing an unfeasibly large number of teeth (some his own), before popping a cube of dongpo pork into his mouth.
“You will have to come to Xingxing with me. You can lose much money there.” He seemed to find the idea particularly amusing.
“How many dollars will a point get me there?” I asked, seeing how far I could push my luck.
“Some days three. Some days five. Some days more.” I let my eyes gleam. This was what I was after. “You are happy to lose that much?” he asked.
“I’m good for it, if that’s what you mean,” I said, allowing myself to sound a little chippy and offended. I prayed that I was. I had no idea how Estrade would react if I lost all of his life savings on a drunken bet. Not to mention Anastasia, Hepzibah and Bibi.
“You are fortunate,” he observed politely.
“I suppose so.”
“This is good pork.”
“Mmm.”
“I probably will go to Xingxing tonight.”
“Please, have another drink. On me.”
“If you want to come…”
“I’m afraid I could only watch. I don’t carry that much pocket money.” He waved a hand.
“Settle bets by electronic transfer.” He smirked. “You think we are like Mrs. Jing with her bags of RMB?”
“Oh… ah… Well, I dare say it’s less cumbersome.”
“Certainly. Any case, watch only first night. Maybe play later.”
“Thank you very much, I’d enjoy that. This pork really is excellent…”
We blathered on inanely about the beauties of Zhejiang for most of the rest of the meal. Zhao and I were both itching to get to the Xingxing Hotel, though (obviously) for different reasons. Moreover, the presence of the big boss had a chilling effect on the others. We settled the bill, Zhao and I competing to press wads of notes upon a waitress who stood there looking entirely uninterested throughout. 
We made our way back down the little alleys to the street, where I got into Zhao’s car and the others flagged down a taxi. I heard them giggling as we moved off. Once again, I found myself entirely at the mercy of my hosts, driving for at least half an hour down surprisingly bumpy and ill-lit roads. As I wondered where the hell we were going, Zhao took the opportunity to grill me in a rude and listless manner about my mahjong prowess. I flatter myself that I played my role judiciously, appearing to be an over-confident, slightly naïve player, relying more on family wealth to buy my way out of trouble than actual, practical skill. The sort of opponent that a man in hock to the Taiwanese mafia would find impossible to resist, in other words.
The hotel was a white cube, entirely lacking in adornments beyond an orange neon sign giving the name. It sat in the middle of a surprisingly large car park, relative to its size. Zhao’s driver dropped us off in front of the main entrance and zipped away mutely into the night. I presumed that Zhao had already made arrangements to be picked up at a set time. 
Inside, the Xingxing was a typical, mid-range Chinese hotel: glaring halogen lamps, fish tank, many of the fittings still wrapped in the plastic in which they had been delivered... You know the drill, I dare say. It even had that odd mid-range Chinese hotel smell - I presume that it comes from the cleaning products that they use. I have no idea whether there were any actual guests. The place seemed usually silent for a working hotel. Of course, it is entirely possible that it was merely serving as part of someone’s money-laundering operation. (You probably have one of these in your neighbourhood - Chinese restaurants that never seem to have any customers, and which push you to wonder, every time you pass by, how they stay afloat. In fact, most of their money comes from and swiftly returns to the mob. On its way in it is passed off to the tax authorities as takings from hungry customers, on its way out as payment for raw ingredients. A well-organised operation can legalise tens of thousands of dollars this way.)
The night receptionist did not bother to look up from his phone as we entered, though the solitary greeting girl still on duty gave us a gleaming, artificial smile. Did you know that many serious Chinese gamblers will refuse to enter a casino via the front door? According to rumour, the owners frequently hire feng shui masters to afflict their patrons with bad luck via a curse on the main entrance.
We passed through the main dining room, which by now was eerily silent and empty. The chairs were stacked against the wall, but it was still lit by dozens of spotlights. At one end of the main hall were the smaller banqueting rooms that the hotel let out to private parties. Zhao opened the (unlocked) door to the first, and I heard a murmur of voices. The rooms were designed with folding screens printed with reproductions of mediocre shuimo-hua paintings instead of doors. If the hotel received a particularly large party, the screens could be pulled back and several rooms transformed into one. The illicit mahjong players had taken advantage of this facility, amalgamating three of the four rooms and replacing the large lazy Susan dining tables with half a dozen card tables. The lights had been kept at a rather more sober pitch here than in the rest of the hotel. The food was also a cut above that offered by the Meigui. The hotel had provided a buffet table and chaffing dishes full of calamari and chow mein - things that would bear being kept hot for several hours without losing any of their lack of flavour.
Happily, the first person I saw on arrival was Dr. Yuan, apparently another habitué of both salons. He nodded at me in a business-like manner and went back to filling his plate with fried noodles. Inwardly I rejoiced. While no one appeared to be paying attention, I was sure that none of them had failed to note our familiarity with one another, and draw their own conclusions as to the solidity of my credentials as a result.
Full of dongpo pork and other things, we ignored the buffet and headed straight over to the card tables. Zhao cast an expert eye over the various games in progress, and finally selected a table near the back of the room. He gave no explanation for his choice, and neither did he introduce the players to me. We stood in silence watching the back and forth. The tables were all covered with thick white cloths, which deadened the clicking of the tiles. The play was fast and intelligent, but Zhao seemed to derive no pleasure from watching it. I stood there looking amiable and a little thick; British, in other words.
The game wrapped up, and the players pulled a pad of foolscap paper into the middle of the table to calculate the cash transactions that would result. They were using the old Hong Kong scoring system, which is horribly complicated (to the extent that it is easier to memorise the conversion tables than to calculate the points due each time). I also realised with a combination of horror and excitement that they were playing a no limits game. 
As you may imagine, in a game involving exponentials, the numbers of points involved can quickly spiral out of control. As I mentioned earlier, under traditional rules, fans - combinations that allow the holder to multiply the ordinary value of the tiles involved by a factor up to and including 64 – are cumulative. At the Meigui (as in most clubs) an unofficial upper limit of 1000 points per hand had been set, to prevent any unusually lucky player from bankrupting his peers. The Xingxing had no limit on the number of points that could be won per hand: these people were clearly deadly serious about their hobby. 
The game drew to a close; East had won. I had no idea how many points each player had started with, so I could not tell what difference this had made to the overall standings. East was up 312 points from his previous total, while West was down 180. South and North had also gone down, though by less than West. South had been calculating the score, noting the figures down on paper. The others checked his working on their phones, and the tiles were shuffled for the next hand.
In the end, neither Zhao nor I played that night. He glanced round the other tables frequently, and moved about the room quite a bit, but none of the games seemed to tempt him, despite the financial pressure he was under. At some point, I realised that his presence made many of the other players nervous, and wondered why. Were they aware of his need to clear his debts? Possibly it was his mafia connections that bothered them? Though, on the other hand, he was not a comfortable person to be around even in the best of circumstances. Possibly it was merely the intent, business-like quality of his scrutiny that worried them. He was exactly the sort of person that puts faith in complicated gambling systems, believing in the superiority of his own pseudo-scientific method with an almost messianic fervour. 
Dr. Yuan, I had noticed, played two games during the time I had been there. He appeared to have won a substantial amount on the first, and lost a good part of it on the second. But then that’s life, as Ol’ Blue Eyes and Chen Qingqing (among others) said. 
At around midnight, Zhao glanced at his phone. Apparently his driver was back, as he nodded at me to follow him out. The greetings girl had disappeared and the night receptionist was dozing peacefully in his chair. The fish swam on. Dr. Yuan happened to be leaving at the same time as us, and Zhao offered him a lift. 
“Good evening?” I asked, as we settled ourselves into the back of the 4x4.
“Average. You?”
“I didn’t play.”
“Tomorrow you will play. We will set up a table with you and me and Mr. Zhao.” Zhao inclined his head. I was not sure whether this was intended as a yes or a no.
“Last time I played Mr. Zhao, he won $8,500,” Dr. Yuan told me in confidential tones. “ I will get my money back tomorrow. You will see.” Zhao smiled icily.
Whoever was currently in occupation at Bibi’s house had left the door unlocked for me, and after perfunctory farewells I let myself in and headed up to bed, the sound of my feet echoing loudly on the bare stone steps. I did not bother to switch the lights on. Passing the sitting room, I noticed that the tv was still flickering and glanced in. Estrade was watching CNN in the dark and the cold, with the sound turned low and a sleeping Hepzibah draped over his knees, like an oversized house cat. 
“A productive evening?” he asked, echoing my own question to Dr. Yuan earlier.
“Average,” I said, echoing his answer. “An odd chap, our friend Mr. Zhao.” I switched the heater on and took a seat. Within the thick walls of Bibi’s house, the night always seemed to be an entity of its own; more than a mere absence of light. The orange and blue glow from the television and the burning paraffin only seemed to extend about six or seven feet from its source. Beyond that, the darkness crouched, waiting for a chance to return. From where I was standing I could not even see the far wall.
“Would you mind passing me my book?” Estrade asked after a while. Hepzibah snored quietly, her face pressed into the cushions. I picked the book up and glanced at the title. It was that much-underrated classic, US Geological Survey Preliminary Non-Fuel Mineral Resource Assessment of Afghanistan 2007, Open-File Report 2007-1214. I added another note to the Curious Things folder, which by now was bulging dangerously. He noticed me noticing, obviously, but said nothing.
“You know, I don’t have the first fucking idea what we’re going to do with these things once we’ve got them,” I said, raising an issue that had been on my mind since that morning. Obviously I would be expected to sell them at some point, but I could hardly put them all on the market in one go. They would need to be moved out of the country and stored somewhere safe in the meantime.
“Someone once told me that life is all about the process,” Estrade replied unhelpfully.
“Achmed from the Museum was down here earlier making oily noises about how the government’s willing to buy them back. I’m not sure that I’m interested in the sort of money they’re liable to be offering; I might sell them the three he’s already seen as a goodwill gesture, but not until the others are out of the country. Not that I’ve got a clue how we’ll achieve that. Sounds like there’ll be bloody crate-loads.”
“Gardez has a small airport. We can charter a plane out of there and fly them to one of the ‘Stans. We can get them to Russia from there.”
“You seem like quite the expert.”
“I ran an import-export business briefly in Istanbul.” This was news to me.
“Isn’t there a way we can fly them directly into Russia? They could turn out to be fragile, and I’m not overly keen on the idea of bunging them from pillar to post like this.”
“I don’t particularly want to send them via any of the commercial freight routes; we’ll have to hire a turboprop or something. In any case, the range won’t be particularly impressive, so we’ll need to stop to refuel at some point. Once they’re outside Afghanistan, it would be cheaper to unload the lot in Zarafshan or Shymkent and transport them by road.”
“It’s still going to come up pretty pricey,” I said gloomily. I had suspected as much, but having someone else reach the same conclusion did not cheer me up at all.
“I’m talking to a charter pilot tomorrow on Skype. What about once we get it all to Russia? Have you got somewhere you can keep them?”
“Anastasia’s family has a dacha in a little village not far from the Finnish border.”
“Each to his own, I dare say.”
“Tell me about it,” I said with feeling. “You know they actually run around naked in the snow hitting each other with tree branches? I always thought that was just a practical joke that they played on tourists…” I flicked through the channels for a while. “It In any case, the boxes’ll be safer there than they would be in Moscow. Any strangers start poking round up there and the mayor wanders out with a twelve-bore and shoots them. And if that doesn’t look safe enough, I can always ship them across to Tallinn or Helsinki.” 
In fact, I have been avoiding trips to Western Europe in recent years. I’m not on the Interpol list or anything, but I’ve had trouble with the police in the past and do not like to put temptation in their way13. I supposed that a quick jaunt across the Baltics would be a safe enough venture, however.
He went back to his reading, sitting quietly, folded in on himself. I stared blankly at the tv screen for a while, feeling his thoughts expand to fill the room: dark, alert and watchful. He was clearly wondering how I was intending for us to divide the takings, should our plan succeed. In fact, I had been considering the matter myself, but had every intention of keeping my own counsel on it, for the time being at least. If this left him frustrated and suspicious, then good. 
“Very well then,” I heard him think, turning another page.
“Arseholes to you,” I thought back irritably.
After a while, I too fell asleep. I woke up at 4am, freezing cold and with an ache in my neck that took days to subside. Estrade and Hepzibah had vanished.

Chapter 14: sidera errantia quibus procella tenebrarum in aeternum servata est

…Yet when his throne was one month old 
The head of all his fortune came to dust. 
He had a slave, a cypress-tree in stature. 
Fair, lusty, and well-liking. That knave's name 
Was Siyah Chashm. May heaven ne'er bring his like! 
The Shah too had a handmaid whom he loved. 
She chanced on Siyah Chashm all unawares 
One day, who sent to say : "If thou wilt meet me 
At such a place thou shalt have endless gifts, 
And I will deck thy crown with jewelry"…

- Ferdowsi

I woke up to a message from Anastasia: “They are a diversion, but they are not nearly as good as you.” I typed out a reply: “Correct answer.”

I fell in love with the charter pilot at first sight. She was a middle-aged oriental with a keffiyeh round her neck and pair of old-fashioned flying goggles on her head. She had a slight Canadian accent and appeared to be sitting at a picnic table in front of a stand of waving palm trees. 
I was forced to absorb all this in a few short seconds, since the Skype connection cut out almost immediately. The name listed in the contacts box was Ran.
“Ran what?” I asked.
“Just Ran,” said Estrade, fiddling with the wifi settings. 
“Oh joy. Another one.”
“Can you hear me now?”
“Loud and clear!” She was leaning forward, yelling into the speaker. Estrade turned the volume down a little. The sunlight poured in through the high windows of the sitting room, making the dust sparkle.
“Where are you?”
“Pattaya!”
“Looks nice,” I volunteered.
“It’s the pits! It’s full of pale old hairy white people in shorts!”
“I’ve fixed the sound. You don’t have to shout.”
“Good, people were looking at me.” She sat back and flexed her fingers. “Now. What can I do you for today, Mr. de Laurentis?” I rolled my eyes. ‘Ran’ glanced across at me, but said nothing as ‘Mr. de Laurentis’ leaned forward, getting down to business.
“We need to transport some crates from somewhere in Afghanistan - Gardez, probably - as far as Southern Kazakhstan. We’re not particularly bothered about the precise location.”
“Well, it won’t come cheap, eh?”
“How much?”
“Depends. What sort of plane d’you want?”
“I’m not sure. A business jet?”
“Why not buy a fucking yacht while you’re at it?” I muttered. “It was a turboprop last night.”
“I think a business jet is the most plausible option within the context of Lazarus Industries,” he pointed out remorselessly.
“Well, in that case you’re looking at maybe twenty, twenty–five hundred per hour of use. I haven’t been to Afghanistan in a while. Don’t know what the procedures are like these days.”
“Could you get us something halfway decent?” he asked. I was pissed off. I didn’t want something halfway decent. I wanted the cheapest rust bucket she could find. I have three university educations to save for (and counting).
“I can do better than that. What do you think of this?” She held up a little blue brochure with a CGI rendering of a plane on the front.
“?” I asked.
“You, gentlemen, are looking at my almost-new Embraer Phenom 100. Or at least, a picture of one very much like it.”
“Where’s yours?”
“Not delivered yet.”
“It looks very expensive.”
“Belonged to some Mexican drug dealer for about five minutes before US customs seized it. To be perfectly honest, I’d been looking at maybe a Citation 501 or something, but when this came on the market I could hardly say no. I’m shooting for a better class of clientele. Chinese and Arabs, that sort of thing. Aviation today is all about the plutocrats.”
“Are you sure you want to risk it in Afghanistan?” Estrade asked.
“I’m going to be risking it?” she asked, looking wary.
“You tell me.”
“It’s insured,” she said, making it sound almost like an admission of guilt. “Actually, for the amount it’s insured for I could probably buy two second hand 501s. And besides, have you got no faith in me?” She snapped her goggles. He smiled.
“Very well then. You’ll be being hired by a company called Lazarus industries. They want you to transport the CEO - a certain Casimir Ilyushkin - along with one or two guests and some baggage. If I mail you the dates, can you handle all the formalities?” She saluted.
“Sure thing, Casimir!” He gave her an ironic look; she shrugged and held up her hands. “What do I look like, an idiot? You just make sure your passport’ll pass muster, tovarich.”
“Certainly… Ran. Though if you get shot down by the Mujahideen, I pay for nothing.”
“Hey, they haven’t got me yet.” She grinned, waved and cut the transmission. 
“What a nice lady,” I said.
The morning was a pleasant one, so I decided to go and visit a man who had been recommended to me by a fellow dealer in Moscow (a real one, this time). I have several nephews currently at the nerdy, pre-hormonal stage, and wanted to buy them a bag full of genuine antique coins from the mystic and unknowable East. The chap in question had a little shop in Shar-e-Now, and Estrade, having nothing better to do, came with me. There are a lot of little antiques (or “antiques”) shops in Shar-e-Now, and he looked at their wares like someone trying to read a foreign language.
“You know, Papinori, I’ve been thinking,” I said after a while, sidestepping a group of children playing on the pavement. “I think someone else should be around while I’m playing mahjong. Not in the building, necessarily, but nearby. If I was Zhao Jianguo and someone took me for two million, I think I’d find that the simplest solution would be to shoot them on their way out. Obviously, I am rather keen that he not try this on me.”
“I’ll see if Hepzibah can do some nights and take on the rest myself.”
“I’m going to try to get as many of the others on my side as possible; if I’m going to take this man’s money, then I’d rather be surrounded by friends as I do it. But even then, after I leave the hotel I’m on my own.” We stopped to let two men carrying a packing crate pass us. “We should be thankful that he’s not a more popular individual.”
“I’ll drive you down there and park nearby. Send me a message when you’re about to leave.”
This took us down a series of dusty alleys, round a group of skinny children playing keepy-uppy in a courtyard, and up some stone steps to the entrance to the shop. I peered in. A very old man heaved himself to his feet, put down a plate of fried chicken, and prepared to begin his tourist spiel when I stopped him. I mentioned my friend’s name, and a pathway immediately blossomed before us through the stacks of worthless, sparkly junk into a little back room. 
If the Chinese gambling dens had failed to live up to their reputation, this more than made up for it. It was everything you could hope for in an ancient Afghan antiquarian’s stockroom. It had scimitars and ewers and bits of uncut lapis lazuli. It smelled of old manuscripts and camphor. A trio of rolled-up carpets slouched against one wall, and a dusty stuffed tiger head stood on top of one of the cupboards. It also had several trays full of impeccably labelled coins. I explained what I had come for, and he immediately proffered me one. I waved it away. While my nephews would appreciate the neatness of the trays, they were nothing compared to the thrill of searching through a clinking velvet bag for oneself. I told him this, and he seemed to get the idea. He pulled open a drawer and took out two cardboard boxes full of unsorted and uncleaned coins. I peered through them, but, to tell the truth, I know practically nothing about the field and care even less (I could certainly give Achmed a run for his money). In the end I asked if I could clean one or two, and he hauled up a huge container full of vinegar from under the table. He poured a little out, mixed it up with something else, and fussed over the coins briefly, asking me all the while about my nephews and commiserating with me for having produced mere female offspring thus far. 
He rubbed the solution off with a piece of shammy leather and handed the coins to me one by one to inspect. I did not, as I have said, have much of an idea of what I was looking for, so I merely put a serious face on and said “hmmm” and “ahh”. We haggled a little over the price, and ended up with a figure that was probably slightly less than he had hoped for and slightly more than he had expected, if you see what I mean. Estrade watched intently throughout, not understanding any of it, but clearly fascinated. 
On my way out I noticed a pistol sitting beneath the counter, and put in an offer for that too. It was an ancient Glock that looked, frankly, as though it was just itching to backfire in an emergency. Appearances can be deceiving, however, and I reasoned that if a man with a back office full of gold and gems was willing to rely on it for protection, then it must have something going for it. It would certainly be better than whatever knocked off crap I might be able to buy on the open market. He was a little unwilling to part with it at first, which comforted me in my analysis, but I managed to persuade him.
On the way back I bought a bottle of hydrochloric acid from hardware shop, and a bag of samosas from the bacha. 
When we arrived back at the house, Hepzibah was in occupation in the sitting room (I never understood the inner workings of her shift rota - I suspect that she didn’t either), this time with two Embassy types; Pierre and another one whom I did not recognise. Both had their coats on. Hepzibah was slumped against the back of the divan, staring vacantly into space while the other two argued across her about some leadership seminar they’d been sent on. As far as I could tell, they’d been asked to do some sort of Myers-Briggs-style personality quizzes (is there anyone left on Earth who can’t fiddle the answers on those things?), and the one who was not Pierre had scored the higher leadership quotient of the two. I dare say if I had asked them why they had then proceeded to follow Hepzibah halfway across town to pursue their argument while she ignored them, they would have had no idea.
“In any case, it’s ridiculous just to separate people into leaders and followers,” Pierre said, flapping his hands around emotionally. I sat down at the other end of the divan and opened my bag of samosas.
“Ooh, beef,” I said happily. Estrade unfolded his book at the page marker and began making notes in the margin. “You want one?”
“Thank you, no.”
“There are all kinds of different leadership - look at Weber’s typology. You can even break it down further than that if you want. Don’t tell me that a century of psychoanalysis has left us with just two binary categories,” Pierre continued.
“Pffft. It’s natural,” the other one countered. “Look at evolution. Look at gorillas or lions. You’ve got one dominant animal, one alpha male, and the rest get nothing. Natural selection; the strongest creature takes all. It’s nothing to do with making it seem binary; it is binary.”  He had apparently already assigned himself to what he felt was the appropriate camp. You or I may or may not have agreed with his classification; Hepzibah, it seemed, did not.
“Hah!” A sensible audience would have ducked and covered.
“What?”
“Well I was outside in the cold protecting you from the Al Qaeda hordes all morning, so I missed the seminar, but I’m pretty sure that an alpha male doesn’t sham acute food poisoning and hide in the toilets because the Quai d’Orsay has requested a list of talking points and he can’t work out how to set up Schuman14.”
“I’d only just arrived,” said the other one coldly, trying to scrape together the remnants of his dignity. Hepzibah pointed at him.
“You care too much, that’s your problem,” she said critically. “You worry about what people are thinking about you.”
“What? I don’t care!”
“You care. You’re sitting there caring about what I think of you right now, even, and I’m nobody. You’re the elite of the nation and you haven’t even put me in my place yet. Why are you defending yourself to someone like me?”
“I-” 
“There’s a bit somewhere or other. I can’t remember it exactly, something like… ‘Charisma is the numinous aura around a narcissistic personality’15. Not caring what other people think because you’re obviously always right. It’s like… I dunno…” She waved her hands in the air, searching for something to illustrate her point. “Those two,” she said finally, flinging out an arm in our direction. We froze. I had a samosa  halfway to my mouth, and Estrade looked as though she’d just offered him an evening of unbridled passion with the Colonel of her regiment. She rolled her eyes.
“Well not when they’re pulling those faces, obviously, but usually. I could go out into the street with a megaphone and tell everyone that they’re useless, thick and impotent and they wouldn’t give a damn. They certainly wouldn’t sit there arguing that they weren’t.”
“I don’t think-” I began deferentially.
“Hsssssssttt.” She glared balefully at me and held a finger to her lips. “Do not even try to contradict me, Nicolas Szeveréd Valentin von Keszthelyi (yes, I’ve seen your passport). You’re extremely impressive when you want to be. You surely to God didn’t think that all those women were fucking you for your looks?” I had nothing to say to this.
“That was intended as a compliment,” Estrade whispered helpfully. Pierre and his friend were gaping at me. I returned their stare, cold and haughty: yes, all those women (and yes, God help me, Nicolas Szeveréd Valentin von Keszthelyi - what possessed my parents I’ll never know).
Estrade turned to Hepzibah. “In any case, when you’ve finished inflicting life-long psychological problems on your friends and colleagues, would you or anyone you know be interested in a private security job out of hours?” She brightened up, happy to get down to some concrete business.
“Dunno. Strictly speaking we’re not supposed to. What would it involve?”
“Hanging around a Chinese hotel to make sure that no one shoots a high-stakes mahjong player as he leaves with his winnings.”
“What sort of hours?”
“Variable. Say midnight to three. Might drag on later, might end earlier.”
“Not sure. It’s a bit difficult with my schedule.”
“It wouldn’t be every night. Just now and then.”
“I’ll have a look at the roster. Might be someone else looking to earn a few bob as well. I’ll ring you.” 
At this point my phone rang. It was Achmed. I was expecting more of the hard buy. In fact he was inviting me to some sort of fundraising do at the museum the following evening. It would eat into my mahjong time, but I nevertheless decided to accept. I am not sure why, as I was growing less and less fond of him with every encounter, and had no desire to bring myself to the attention of the faceless bureaucrats under whose orders he worked. Nevertheless, a little voice inside my head told me that it would be useful. That’ll teach me to listen to instinct. 
“Achmed?” Hepzibah asked, once I’d put the phone down. I nodded.
“I do not like him, Sam-I-Am,” I said finally, after some consideration. “By the way, it’s a plus-one. Want to come?”
“Who, me?”
“You’re the only one who wouldn’t show up wasted or try to steal the silverware, so yes, I suppose you’ll have to do.”
“Be still my heart. Ok then. Dress code?”
“Formal casual. Or possibly the other way round.”

Chapter 15: Cheaters

I intended to take a short nap after that, just to set me up for the evening’s mahjong. In fact, I fell asleep for nearly five hours and woke up in a filthy mood, having quite effectively tied myself up in the mountain of bedclothes that I had accumulated since my arrival. Finally, around seven, I dragged myself down to the kitchen, tasted one bite of the chicken that Bibi was eating, and declared that I would get myself some calamari at the Xingxing (squid, at least, is meant to be rubbery with a disturbing fishy aftertaste).
I shouted up to Estrade and slammed out of the house, in precisely the wrong mood to play a calm and calculated game. Since I was the star of the show and he was merely my bodyguard, he drove. This cheered me up a little, but not much.
There weren’t many people at the Xingxing when I arrived, but Zhao Jianguo was already there, watching the solitary game in progress. I got myself a plate from the buffet and munched through it in morose silence under the glittering artificial crystal chandeliers. The game was not an especially interesting one. A few more people arrived and a second table was set up. Zhao stared from one to the other like an umpire, with what I dare say he thought was majestic indifference. He still showed no signs of wanting to join in, however. Li was not present and I missed him. He, at least, had a sense of humour about it all.
By 10pm we were still in exactly the same position, except that my legs and back were aching from all the standing around, and I was raging internally at Zhao, Estrade, Bibi, Chen, God and anyone else I could think of. Clearly the man was no sort of gambler at all. We had seen a dozen games come and go and he had shown no interest whatsoever in joining any of them. I certainly had no intention of spending yet another evening watching the miserable sod watch mahjong in this godforsaken hole. If they wanted to blackmail him, they would have to find another method.
I was making up my mind to leave when Zhao beckoned me over. Two men I had never seen before were setting up an additional table. They were both young, diffident and neat-looking, like a pair of Mormons who had lost their way.
“Enough watch. Now play,” he said shortly. 
“I was wondering if we were ever going to get around to it,” I said, with a forced cheeriness that I did not feel. Partly I was just in a bad mood, partly I suspected that Pinky and Perky were Zhao’s henchmen, and the three of them were intending to cheat me shamelessly. “Fuck you, Zhao,” I thought bitterly to myself, and called Dr. Yuan over from the game he was watching.
“Dr. Yuan, as an expert, you will have to provide me with some outside advice. Mr. Zhao would like me to play a game against his friends here, but I have never… ah… seen them in action before. Tell me, will they turn out to be of international standard and beat me hollow?”
“They are good players,” he said, and turned to Zhao, his eyes cold. “You are very lucky at Lanfeng. Three excellent players working in the same office. You should set up a competition team.” I rejoiced inwardly. Nailed you, you scumbag. Zhao gave no sign of irritation or self-consciousness at having been found out. Yuan’s snide remarks did not seem to register at all.
“I say, Dr. Yuan,” I said cheerfully, “Perhaps one of Mr. Zhao’s friends would be willing to give up his place to you? It’s been a while since we played.” Zhao nodded at Perky, who stepped back reluctantly.
“What a good idea,” Yuan said expressionlessly. “And Mrs. Fan has not had a game tonight. Maybe she could join us.” He called out to a sweet, middle-aged lady that I had noticed hanging around the previous night. She bustled over carrying an enormous faux Louis Vuitton handbag, which she used to barge Pinky away from her preferred seat. Zhao said nothing. I could not stop myself; I shot him the briefest of brief glances of obnoxious triumph, and was rewarded as his expression finally flickered. “So you do have a soul, after all…” I thought, taking my place.
I hung my jacket on the back of my chair and rolled my sleeves up: and now, to biz. Yuan was the dealer for the first hand. I was down a little by the end (using the word “little” in its most relative sense - we were playing for three dollars a point). The same happened in the second hand, and the third, though I scraped most of it back with an excellent fourth hand. 
Mrs. Fan was genuinely brilliant, and I could understand why Zhao would have prefered to avoid facing off against her. She had a subtle but penetrative sense of the run of the tiles, as well as an impeccable memory and an instictive understanding of the numbers that a professional card counter would have found difficult to match. I was profoundly relieved that I merely had Zhao to contend with; against her, I would have had no chance. She brought something akin to art to our silly, childish game. I learnt later that she is also a respected calligrapher, with her pieces going for several thousand a time; this did not surprise me in the least. The woman should write a book. 
I could feel Zhao watching me when my eyes were on my tiles. Despite the presence of Mrs. Fan, our game had not been interesting enough to attract spectators. I felt sure by now that he had worked out some sort of pissant little system for himself and was pinning all of his hopes on it. I wondered what it involved. He was obviously the sort of person who confuses having read The Art of War and Steve Jobs' autobiography with being a brilliant strategist. I could imagine him lingering in the office evenings and weekends, all the better to micromanage his employees, and being irritated by their lack of gratitude for his generous bestowing of his directorial gifts upon them.
We continued our back and forth. Around the eighth hand, I realised that I had been up by around two hundred points for the past three hands, and allowed myself to lose a little (Yuan and Fan were clearly far more pissed off by Zhao’s attempt at trickery than I had been, and had both devoted their time to blocking his every opportunity - I was functioning merely as a placeholder). While I had no intention of letting him take me for a ride, neither did I want to scare him off. I made a few silly discards, and in no time was down eighty. 
The thirteenth round was where it got interesting. I was East, and my hand was nothing special in itself - I had a random selection of numbers and suits. It was not bad enough to be an obvious candidate for chicken hand status, but neither was it anything spectacular. I decided to shoot for all chows. Even if I did not make it, it was still a relatively good hand on which to bluff - by discarding creatively I could discourage the others from aiming too high. 
After a few rounds of the table, the other players seemed to be playing it safe, and my hand now contained a predominance of ones and nines (“terminals”). I began to reconsider my strategy. There are some interesting things that can be done with terminals. I decided to wait a little longer. If the others had any terminals to discard they would surely have to do it soon. Sure enough, Mrs. Fan put down a one-bamboo. I took the plunge and snapped it up, completing a pong. I collected another immediately after, taking a nine-circles from the wall. A third was not long in coming, and the other players began to look worried. They were also being a lot more careful over their discards, refraining from abandoning anything that may help me to complete a potentially good hand – none of them had failed to realise that I must be onto something interesting. I still had two one-characters, but anyone stupid enough to put down a terminal in this situation would not have been playing, so would have to make something else of my remaining tiles. 
And that was when I drew a one-character from the wall. I stared at it dopily for a second or two, not quite realising what was going on. When it sank in I very nearly panicked. I was now in possession of a hand that could potentially net me several thousand points, assuming that no one else went mahjong in the meantime. This was terrible. While I would win a substantial amount of cash, it would be nothing like the two million we needed. Moreover, Zhao would think that I had cheated them in some devious way, and refuse to play again. I could not even make some hasty discards; not only did my fellow players suspect that I was close to completing a limit hand, but our game had attracted a few spectators by now, and I would look like a loon. Instead I just went through the motions, frantically trying to think of a way out of the hole I was in and praying that I would not draw the nine-bamboos I needed. In the end it was Dr. Yuan (once again) who saved me. Growing weary of the eternal tension surrounding my hand, he decided to go mahjong on a hand worth a measly 20 points, smiling in that closed, you-are-making-me-uncomfortable way that Asians have. Squat, hairy and trollish as he was, I could have embraced him. I still picked up a good hefty stock of points, but nothing like the quantity I might have got. 
I made sure to play the following hands badly to reduce my stock of points somewhat and convince the others that the episode of the terminals had been mere dumb luck. 
I can’t even remember what the final outcome of the game was. I think that in the end I neither won nor lost significantly. Zhao did not stick around for a second game; he had lost several thousand dollars, but (thankfully) relatively little of it had gone to me. He stared at me, obviously puzzled, as he left: was I or was I not a complete fucking moron? I could offer him no assistance; it is a question that I have often asked myself.
I played a second game with Yuan, Fan and another man whose name I did not know. The atmosphere was lighter and more cheerful without Zhao’s grim, looming presence. I remember Yuan teasing me gently about Estrade’s cufflinks. Mrs Fan assured me that Mr. Li’s niece was a well-known nymphomaniac, and that there was no point marrying her - saying “please” should suffice. I paid a bare minimum of attention to my own hands, being far too busy appreciating Mrs. Fan’s incredible technique. Purely by luck, I came out of this game around $3500 ahead, and decided to call it a night, promising to drop by again in two days’ time. 
I strolled out into the cool night air alone, my hands in my pockets, looking chipper but inwardly sagging with relief and mental exhaustion. Estrade was in the Toyota, eyes-half closed. Whether he was dozing or merely pissed off, I was not entirely sure. He had found himself a chauffeur’s cap somewhere or other, and would sit around in the car park wearing it while I was playing. I got in, and we sped off into the friendly night, wherein all sins are washed whiter than snow. He seemed disinclined to discuss things, so I called Anastasia.
“Privet.”
“You know what I’d like to do to you right now?”

Chapter 16: Another Country/The Wench is Dead  

I slept badly. I suspect that this was partly due to the leftover adrenaline from my terrifying pong experience the previous night. It was also partly due to the fact that on the way back from the hotel I’d had An Idea. Also, Mrs. Fan had been haunting my dreams, though I prefer not to discuss that.
If you are an intelligent sort of person, you will do doubt have spotted the flaw in our plan. If not, then firstly, I know how you feel, and secondly, here it is: in mahjong everybody loses. Suppose I were to win two million dollars in a game against Zhao Jianguo. I would collect two million, but I would have no say in where it came from. Any of the three other players may end up bearing the brunt of it, and chances are it would be spread more or less equally between the three of them. With all the skill in the world, there was only a one-in-three chance at best that I would bankrupt Zhao. For all I knew, I could wind up ruining an innocent life to which I had no connection whatsoever16.
Several plans for dealing with this had, in fact, been running through my head. One of them had involved bringing in a couple of my own goons to take up the two extra places, much as Zhao had attempted to do the previous night. 
In fact, it was Dr. Yuan who had given me the brainwave (I really must send that man a 
case of wine), when he talked about Lanfeng putting together a mahjong team. Suppose I proposed to Zhao to play in teams of two? He might find it suspicious, but I could invent some guff about being able to play for higher stakes that way. Or something. Given that he would be bankrolling his second and I mine, this would effectively reduce the number of players to two, making the situation far easier to control. 
I explained all this to Estrade and Bibi as we picked peach blossom petals out of our coffee in the courtyard the following morning. 
“Ooh. Can I be your back-up?” Bibi asked when I had finished.
“No.”
“Aw go on. I know the rules. We can tag team this dude.”
“Absolutely not.”
“Pffffffft.” I leant over, creating a spurious air of confidentiality. 
“We’re going to need you later on in the plan,” I whispered. 
“Ahhhh.” She tapped the side of her nose. “I got you, bro. Say no more.” I was glad she said that. I had no more to say, and certainly not with regard to any ways in which she may possibly prove useful in the future.
“You surely don’t want me to do it?” Estrade asked, looking horrified.
“Heaven forbid,” I said, shuddering slightly at the thought. “There’s a nasty little toerag I know in Moscow who’ll jump at the chance. Plays in international tournaments. I’ll call him and see what he says.”
Though I was dreading going to the Museum fundraiser that evening, it did provide a slight reprieve from the endless fucking mahjong, for which I was grateful. In the end I drove Bibi out to a park and we fed the birds for most of the morning. I was amazed to find that she knew the names of none of them, either in Dari, Pashto or English.
“You can name all of the Pussycat Dolls but not tell me what a sparrow is?” I asked.
“Fuck you. I didn’t get much of an education, okay? Hardly no one did back then. I don’t know all about botany and shit. The only reason I even know English is because my mom grew up in Chicago and got us American tv.” I shrugged. If it came down to it, I would not be able to differentiate between the various Pussycat Dolls myself. I was not entirely sure which of our two individual stocks of information could be considered more useful in the modern world. 
"You know," she said after a while, sounding polite and uncomfortable, "Back when you guys just arrived, when I was talking with Qingqing in the kitchen and you walked in and we all shut our big fat mouths?" 
"Yes." I had guessed what was coming next. She leant against a railing by a stand of ragged willows.
"We weren't talking about you or nothing." 
"It's none of my business what you were talking about," I said rather stiffly.
"It's just, I’ve been feeling bad about it."
"Please don't worry. If you can't have privacy in your own house then where can you?"
"Nah, man. You’ve got to understand; Qingqing, he was just telling me about the dudes in jail..." In fact, after considering the matter carefully, I had come to suspect something of the sort myself. Not that I wished for confirmation.
"Good. I'm glad he's been getting some closure," I said shortly. 
"They had him-" I flung my hands up.
"Bibi, for God's sake, I'm begging you to stop!" A couple of young mothers in hijabs stared at us.
"Oh. Right. Ok. Euh... sorry." 

We got home at around two, and I went to bed, while Bibi went off on her rounds. I was woken up by Hepzibah. Having nothing else to do, she had arrived early for the Museum benefit and was banging around in the kitchen, looking for something to drink. Slightly to my surprise, she looked ok. She was wearing a very severe-looking, hyper-modern shalwar kameez in charcoal grey, which she had obviously gone out and bought that very day. I hoped that she would manage not to spill anything on it before we arrived. I got changed into a suit that I hoped would be significantly more expensive than anything Achmed owned, and knocked back a glass of whisky in the kitchen in a futile attempt to set myself up for the evening ahead. Hepzibah was watching tv when I returned. She switched it off and we stared at ourselves in the reflection in the screen.
“We look… superficially respectable,” Hepzibah said after a while. 
“I suppose it’ll do.”
We set off just as darkness was falling.
The Museum was lit up softly for the event, and a steady stream of government and NGO cars disgorged their contents in front of the main gate, where two members of staff stood, bowing and scraping indifferently to their guests. I had borrowed Raf’s Landcruiser for the evening, having briefly considered puttering explosively up to the entrance in Estrade’s stolen rattletrap. They had managed to set up a valet parking service, and a 13 year-old in an ill-fitting waistcoat took the keys from me as I pulled up. I wondered briefly whether I would ever see the car again. 
Inside, the lights were turned down low, throwing long, dark shadows up the dove-grey walls. The glass cases gleamed. In fact, I felt that the exhibits looked better in the evening light. The Hellenistic style brought to Afghanistan by the armies of Alexander exaggerates curves and folds, wrapping sculptures in acres of diaphanous chiffon that reveals as it conceals. With an almost post-modern sense of the relationship between life and art, they transform inert stone into a fabric lighter than any that ever existed in reality. Slanting spotlights show this off in a way that pure, innocent daylight could never manage. (Also, if you ever wondered why Buddhist monks the world over dress as if for a toga party, this is why. The standard uniform was copied from Greek-inspired representations of Buddhist figures in the erroneous belief that they had actually dressed that way.)
In any case, more museums should offer late opening. In Paris quite a lot of them do ‘nocturnes’, but in most places it is considered to be a strange and perverse idea. It is a pity.
Pierre and some of his colleagues from the Embassy were hanging around by the front door like a gang of Anglican vicars at their first leather party. Why do men stand that way at formal events? Yes, that way. You know what I mean. It looks awful on photos. We swept snobbishly by, clearly outranking them.
Other than that, the first person I saw as we walked in was my arch-nemesis from UNESCO, who turned away from us in a pointed manner to talk to a bunch of bureaucrats who were looking uncomfortable in traditional Afghan dress. 
The second was Estrade. Obviously he couldn’t care less about raising funds to preserve Afghanistan’s cultural heritage; he merely wished to make the point that he had not appreciated my crack about stealing the silverware, and did not need my help to gain invitations to high society events. Sod him, I thought irritably to myself. He smiled blandly at the pair of us from his position next to the velvet rope that blocked off the bottom of the sweeping staircase, and returned to his conversation with two large, lardy gentlemen and one sour, stringy one. I could not see Achmed anywhere in the vicinity, so I supposed that I should be thankful for small mercies. 
“Want to stock up on aperitifs?” Hepzibah asked, looking longingly at the buffet table that had been set up on one side of the main hall. “The way this lot are going at them there’ll be nothing left in half an hour.”
“I suppose so.” Hepzibah took a plate and began helping herself. I was not hungry, and merely stood scanning the room, my hands deep in my pockets. 
“Who’s that miserable bag who keeps giving you evils?” Hepzibah asked after a while, peering at something pretentious-looking on a stick. She had her back to the room, so I have no idea how she had noticed.
“Some UNESCO bigwig. I ran into her here a couple of days back and tore a strip off her for making too much noise when people were trying to concentrate on the exhibits.” Hepzibah shoved the besticked oeuvre d’art into her mouth and pulled a face.	
I turned back and cast a jaundiced eye over the buffet. Almost immediately I received a peremptory tap on the shoulder. It had come from a gangly, blond chap with ironic glasses, a violet shirt and no tie. I remember noticing that his apparent attempt to resemble a provincial marketing executive was rather spoiled by a pair of hand-made Italian shoes. I hadn’t the faintest idea who he was, but he seemed to know me well. 
“Oh my God,” he gasped. “It really is you! Nicolas Keszthelyi! Of all the bizarre coincidences!” We stared suspiciously at him, I because I was in a bad mood and expecting to be got at, Hepzibah because that is how she greets everyone. “I’ll bet you don’t remember me, of course…” he continued. Usually when someone does this to me, it is a woman.
“Of course I do,” I lied chirpily. “How could I forget? But you’ll have to remind me of the name, I’m afraid. I’d forget my own if it wasn’t on my credit card.”
“Goring. Stephen Goring. You remember, from Purcell’s?” Yuck. Clearly someone I went to school with. 
“Ah yes. How nice to see you after all this time.”
“Really? You were at Westminster with Keszthelyi?” Hepzibah asked. “Alhamdulillah. You have to tell me every tiny little excruciating detail. Have a bit of lamb curry on a stick.” (Yes really. Lamb curry on a stick. The aperitifs table looked like Le Nôtre had joined the global jihad.) He waved away the canapé, looking awkward. 
“Well, there isn’t a whole lot to tell. What brings you out here?”
“Work.”
“Oh yes, definitely.” His eyes gleamed. “I’m working for Care International now, you know, which is really… um… awesome. It’s nice to feel that you’re changing lives, isn’t it?” Hepzibah held up a hand.
“Nope. Wrong answer. Awkward school anecdotes now. Comparing career paths later.” He smiled uncomfortably.
“Well Nicolas was always one of the popular boys, you know?” I shot him a look. I had not known. Certainly I wasn’t unpopular, but… “Actually, I probably have some photos on my Facebook,” he continued. You bloody would, I thought sourly. 
“I will pay you actual, physical money to see them right now,” said Hepzibah. I regretted bringing her along.
“Let me see…” He fumbled with his phone. I still couldn’t remember the first thing about him. For all I knew he could have been inventing the whole story. Finally he held up the screen. On it was a picture of a group of boys, all aged about thirteen. Spotty, skinny, cocky, innocent… You know the sort of thing. Hepzibah stared silently for a second or two.
“What the hell happened, Keszthelyi? You get held back five years?” At this point, I should probably explain that the picture, described in slightly more detail, features nine spotty, skinny, cocky, innocent boys, plus one more. The tenth, several inches taller than the others, is somewhere in the second row, standing with the head-back swagger of a lad who knows for a fact that he is going to be the only individual in the photograph who has had sex both a) with a girl and b) of his own volition.
“I hit puberty early,” I explained uncomfortably. In fact I spent several long years making trips to the off-licence on behalf of more or less everyone else in the school (including some of the teachers). Life was no picnic, I can tell you.
“You were the class bully,” said Hepzibah judiciously.
“What? No I wasn’t! How can you tell?” She rolled her eyes.
“From looking at you. You think I never went to school?” 
“You certainly spent less time there than most people,” I said waspishly. She picked up a mini sandwich and peered at the filling before swallowing it whole.
“Still, it’s obvious. Come on Stephen, back me up.” Goring looked nervous, which probably did not help my case at all.
“Oh Nicolas was alright,” he said. “No one could say he was a bully.”
“Why? What would he do if they did? Flush their heads down the toilet?”
“I didn’t have to bring you here, you know,” I snapped back. Goring attempted to change the subject.
“So…” He did that annoying, avuncular shoulder punching thing. I looked down at his hand. He decided not to try it again. “Did you keep in touch with any of the old gang?”
“No.” I hadn’t even realised that it had been cohesive enough to merit the appellation ‘gang’. Had we really been at the same school? “How about you?”
“Oh, one or two, one or two.” I felt sure that he had every single name noted down carefully in his Rolodex. “In fact, I even hear news from the staff occasionally. You know that Miss Goddard ended up married to old Tucker?” Finally some names I recognised.
“Lucky old Tucker…” I said.
“Yes, whoever would have thought it, eh?” I felt sure that he was itching to give me a conspiratorial nudge.
“Good, was she?” Hepzibah asked, making an effort to join in. Finally, a question I could answer with confidence. I smirked.
“An alpha plus,” I assured her. “In every possible sense. One of my few happy memories of the place.”
“You fucked the hot teacher?” Hepzibah asked loudly. Several people in neighbouring groups turned round to stare at us. I tried not to bask.
“In the sixth form,” I admitted, in what I hoped were modest tones. “Over the sinks in the art room.” 
“Oh that settles it,”said Hepzibah decisively. “No one but a complete bastard could get away with that.”
“No… surely...?” Goring appeared gobsmacked. “I mean, at that age you’d brag about it to everyone…”
“Would you have believed me?” I asked. He considered this. “And besides, she was a nice woman. It would have been cheap.”
At this point we were interrupted.
“I am glad to see that you are enjoying yourselves,” said Achmed, sidling round from the other side of the table. 
“The Museum certainly knows to throw a party,” I said, being economical with the actualité, as usual when I found myself in Achmed’s company. “We are extremely grateful for the invitation.”
“Oh, but the pleasure is all ours. You and your charming guest cannot but bring more to the evening than you take from it.” I severely doubted this. I had spent my time so far staring sullenly from guest to guest, as though suspecting that one of them was about to try to nick my wallet. Hepzibah could say nothing, her mouth being full of free food. She made that peculiar circular flapping motion that you do with one hand to show that you’re just about to swallow the current mouthful.
“Don’t mention it,” she said finally. “Nice place you’ve got. Very historic... And what have you. Nice lighting.”
“Yes, lovely,” Goring chimed in eagerly. Achmed looked a little underwhelmed. I did not blame him.
“You are most kind. Now.” He clapped his hands together. “While you are here, I must introduce you to a friend of mine,” he glanced theatrically around, and then called out to a tall, pithecanthropic man who had been lurking in the corner, evidently waiting for his cue. “Reza!” Reza stomped over, managing not to beat any of the guests to death on his way. He was wearing a dress uniform that appeared to have been constructed around him.
“Good evening,” he rumbled finally, having rolled to a halt in front of us.
“Inspector Sahar works for the municipal police force.” So here it was: the bite. A little earlier than I expected, but still. I decided to face it with stoic indifference, not having a great deal of choice in the matter.
“A valuable role,” I said politely. Hepzibah peered curiously up at him. Goring looked bewildered; he was probably wondering whether he’d forgotten to pay a parking fine.
“A busy job,” Sahar grunted back.
“Inspector Sahar’s division has had much success in tracking down stolen works of art. I am sure that the pair of you will have much to talk about.”
“It’s always gratifying to meet someone as dedicated to the pursuit of beauty as oneself,” I smarmed back oilily. Hepzibah pulled a face.
“Inspector Sahar’s men have flown as far as Europe and the US, tracking down stolen items.”
“And boy are their arms tired,” Hepzibah finished. I choked back a giggle.
“Ah, the British sense of humour.”
“Sorry, couldn’t stop myself,” Hepzibah muttered sheepishly.
“Mr. Wahidi has told me that you have been most anxious to cooperate with him in securing the return of three ivory carvings,” Sahar began, lumberingly.
“If he says it, then it must be the case.”
“You should come to my office and we will discuss it in more detail.” 
“I’d rather eat roadkill than set one foot in your filthy office, you torture-happy maniac,” I said, but only in the confines of my own thoughts17. 
“I’ll have to make space in my diary,” I said, rather more audibly. Goring looked pretty nervous now, clearly wondering what the hell he’d got himself into.
“Certainly, tomorrow at three?” Sahar asked, seeming rather too eager.
“I am afraid I shall have a prior engagement,” I said, leaving him to work out the tenses. I pulled a card from my pocket. “Call me and we’ll arrange something.”
“Of course,” Achmed the Good Cop broke in, “Inspector Sahar’s men have learnt that often it can pay to be flexible, and they have a certain amount of budgetary discretion. If the offer of a financial incentive can save on an expensive trip abroad, then that is something that they will be willing to consider.” I was growing tired of this whole business.
“I will certainly make sure that my friends and acquaintances in Moscow are aware of the fact,” I said briskly. “However, as I have said before, this matter is not within my control. While I will certainly argue in your favour as persuasively as I can, I can make no guarantees as to the outcome. It has been pleasant talking to you. I am sure you will be in touch shortly. Good evening.” There was little they could say to this, and they inclined their heads politely and left.
“You’ve got a point, Sam-I-Am,” said Hepzibah after a while, munching on a smoked salmon blini. I noticed that Achmed’s colleagues were giving us as wide a berth as possible. Goring thrust a card at me and disappeared hastily into the crowd. To this day I can’t remember a single shared incident from what I must believe were our mutual school days. He looked like the sort of person who gets teased in childhood and tells themselves that the best revenge is success (incorrect, of course - the best revenge is pre-emptive). 
I would happily have left at this point; I could fret more efficiently and with fewer interruptions at home. Unfortunately, the fatter of Estrade’s nasty-looking companions had noticed that we were free, and waved energetically for us to join them.
“Just what I need,” I muttered, arranging my features into a smile of genuine delight. Estrade went through the introductions.
“Vassily Dragmirov and Evgeny Alliluyev of K.T.G. Ltd., and Dmitri Grishin of the Solomon Trust. Nicolas Keszthelyi, of whom I have already spoken, and Corporal Nicola Birch of the French Embassy.”
“Pleased to meet you.” After the pasting I had just taken from Achmed and Sahar, I certainly did not like the sound of that ‘of whom I have already spoken’. What had he been saying?
“The pleasure is ours,” said Dragomirov, the largest of the three and also, apparently, the leader. He smiled in a broad, Cheshire Cat fashion. He was wearing an extremely well-cut suit. “Can I get you a drink? K.T.G. is sponsoring all Soghdian exhibits, so I have responsibility to my guests.”
“Thank you; that would be very kind of you.”
In fact, Dragomirov turned out to be rather an engaging fellow. He had seven children at school in Moscow (five legitimate, as he declared with justifiable pride), and half an hour later we were all ensconced at a quiet little corner table next to a case full of pottery dishes, he and I boring the others rigid with a point-by-point comparison of private educational establishments in Russia18. Estrade was flicking through a putative catalogue for next year’s exhibition of pre-Islamic art. After a while Dragomirov produced a flask of illicit vodka from the inside of his jacket, and we passed it round the circle, lubricating the conversation even further. Soon enough, he was recounting to us the conception of his beloved Pasha, which had taken place in his office bathroom at work. Just as the happy couple had been reaching the dénouement of the piece, he had heard his wife bumbling around in the office next door, and clapped a hand over the girl’s mouth just in time to prevent discovery. 
“And what do you think? Pasha, not one word did he say ‘til he was two.” He held up his hands in a gesture of surrender, and loosened his tie. “Never again will I be so clumsy. From now on, hotels, hotels, hotels. Or my car. No more lucky escapes.” His two acolytes nodded seriously, as though he had been making a point about the current state of the Dow Jones Index.
“I’ll say,” I agreed, taking a gulp from the flask. “Occasionally you’ll get girls who make a racket like they’re calling the faithful to prayer.” 
“And here was me thinking that they all did that,” Estrade said mildly, not looking up from this reading. Dragomirov exploded with laughter, causing heads to turn across the room. The other two looked bewildered. Hepzibah snorted, and I whacked her hard on the back of the head with a rolled up information booklet.
“So apparently you treat all women with the same contempt…” said a sour, Italian voice from behind me. 
“Don’t worry, she likes it rough,” I replied morosely. Hepzibah rubbed her head.
“Hah!” The UNESCO woman was wearing a long, grey dress, which would have been revealing had she been in possession of anything worth the effort to conceal. She was clearly about to begin another tirade, but Dragomirov had finished explaining the joke to the other two and elbowed his way back into the conversation.
“Ah, Ms. Martines, very lucky you are here. I wished to introduce to you my new friend Nicolas Keszthelyi, but… you already have had the pleasure of his acquaintance?”
“You two know each other?” I asked incredulously.
“Mr. Dragomirov’s company is a great supporter of tribal art and culture,” Martines announced to the world at large. “He is most socially minded.” Dragomirov grinned round, as though he’d taught his poodle to shake hands. I am rarely reduced to silence, but it happened then.
“Mr. Dragomirov,” she continued, “We must talk about our work in Banyan sometime soon. I know you will be very interested in our projects to promote indigenous ownership of cultural heritage.” 
“Oh, you know me,” he said bashfully.
“You do that these days?” I asked incredulously.
“Oh sure,” he spread his hands as though nothing could possibly be more self-evident. “Corporate social responsibility. My organisation is also working on reducing its carbon footprint.” He pronounced the words proudly but carefully, like a man taking his first tentative steps in a foreign language. I wondered how on earth the Russian mafia went about reducing its carbon footprint. Possibly they have a recycling box for shell cases.
“If only everyone could be as respectful of their surroundings,” said Martines, shooting me a dirty look.
“Wait…” Dragomirov looked slowly back and forth between us, pointing first at one then the other. “Did you two..?” He scratched the back of his head.
“What?” I came close to muezzin-volume myself at this point. “God no! What do you take me for? She was in here wittering on when I was trying to do some research; I gave her a good telling off.”
“I’m afraid your friend threw a tantrum when I was explaining some of the exhibits to my guests from Oxfam. We were forced to move to another room to escape his inappropriate behaviour.” Dragomirov grinned and wagged a coy finger.
“Ahah! No… I can feel it, there’s something in the air between you two. You can’t hide from Papa Vasya…”
“Mr. Dragomirov,” I began stiffly. “I do not want to have to propose to settle this in the gentlemen’s fashion, but-”
“I’m sorry, Mr. Dragomirov, I really must talk to… The director of… Please excuse me…” Martines scooted off into the crowd, blushing with every visible inch of skin.
“My dear Nicolas!” Dragomirov beamed at me. “You were about to challenge me! No, do not deny it! It is good, you are a real man! You have extremely good judgement in deciding with whom to do business!” This last sentence was directed towards Estrade, who glanced up from the catalogue in time to receive a hearty slap on the back from Dragomirov. To his credit, he did not actually wince, but I’m sure I saw his shoulders tighten. Dragomirov continued. “We will drink a toast. Papa Vasya was just teasing…” He fumbled with the lid of the flask. “Poor Ms. Martines. We will have to sponsor the art of Banyan forever more. Who would have thought she would take it so badly?” The toast was some obscure Russian pun about mattresses or something, I failed to understand it, but smiled politely.
Of course, we could not toast my own ludicrous machismo without doing a round of the table. Hepzibah got some old soldiers’ toast that I vaguely recognised from Anastasia’s relatives. She looked very flattered, despite not understanding a word. Alliluyev and Grishin had references to their business affairs that I neither understood nor had any desire to understand. As you might imagine, the party was getting quite cheerful by then. Lastly, Dragomirov turned to Estrade.
“And, finally…” he began expansively, smacking his lips, “What was it? Remind me again? Casimir. That’s it. Casimir Arkadyevich Ilyushkin.” He smiled ironically. I wondered if he was approaching the maudlin stage, and whether we would be expected to help carry him home. The shadows were deepening by now. Clearly some member of the Museum staff was leaning on the dimmer switch, trying to encourage their guests to stir their weary stumps. Dragomirov fixed his eyes on some point in the far distance, and began: “Ya p’yu za razorenny dom…” 
I do not know the piece by heart, and had to look it up in order to copy it down here. In fact, it is a poem by Anna Akhmatova. One translation runs:

I drink to our ruined house,
to all of life’s evils too,
to our mutual loneliness,
and I, I drink to you –
to eyes, dead and cold,
to lips, lying and treacherous,
to the age, coarse, and cruel,
to the fact no god has saved us.

Estrade returned the ironic smile, raised his glass and knocked it back, not breaking eye contact. His spoken Russian is not very good, but he had apparently understood whatever point the man was trying to make. Clearly a much deeper individual than he liked to appear, our Mr. Dragomirov.
“Finally?” I asked jovially, breaking through the discomfort. “But we haven’t drunk to you yet,” I pointed out. “And that would never do.” I pulled out a pocket flask of my own and made quite an elegant little speech. Dragomirov sat there looking benevolent, placid and slightly stupid. People were beginning to leave by then, and as the crowds thinned our party was attracting more and more attention from those who were left.
Hepzibah and I left around eleven, maybe. I can’t remember. Estrade and the others were lurking in the gloom by the door somewhere as we walked out into the starry night. I shivered as the cold hit me. 
As we drove back towards the centre of town, I considered the situation. Except for Hepzibah, who was thoroughly sated on blinis, what had we gained beyond a chance to reconnect with old enemies and make some new ones? I regretted accepting Achmed’s invitation, and resolved to avoid the man as far as possible in future.
Hepzibah was sitting with her feet up on the dashboard, clearly thinking something along the same lines. The car was icy cold after having sat outside the Museum for hours. I had turned the heater up to full, but it still had little effect. Few people were out and about.
 “What are you going to do about Inspector Sahar?” she asked eventually.
“I don’t know. Certainly not meet him in his office, that’s for sure.” 
“Tell me about it. He looks like a proper nut-job.” We drove on a little way. 
“I might send the three pieces we have now to Moscow and have someone there sell them to Sahar’s men. That would probably get us some respite until Achmed starts pestering for more, which he almost certainly will. At least he’s seen nothing beyond the pictures of the first three. Anything he tried after that would necessarily be a fishing expedition.”
“Those three are our exposed pong,” she said.
“Hah.” It was a good enough metaphor. I thought things over. “I’ve got to get in touch with Sandor at the shop tomorrow. I’ll see what he can do.” (Sandor is my assistant. He has a PhD in art history from somewhere in Italy, but everyone has one of those these days. In fact, I employ him because he is flamboyantly gay, and the female customers trust him.)
I drove on. The streetlights were growing more abundant and closer together. 
“Would you drop me off down there?” Hepzibah asked finally, pointing into a little side street. “I’ve got a flat that I share with a couple of the guys from the Embassy just at the other end.” I turned in.
“You’re not going to offer me a follow-up to the other night?” I asked.
“I dunno. D’you want one?” I considered this for a while. 
In my current mood, what I wanted was violent, greedy, furniture-wrecking sex. I rejected the idea not so much because I did not think that Hepzibah would be up for going a few rounds, but because we had no chance of getting away with it at Bibi’s house (a brief vision passed through my head: Estrade wandering through while we were in medias res – black dressing gown, slippers, cup of cocoa – “Sorry to interrupt, but have either of you seen my Geological Survey report? I’m sure I left it in here…”) and I couldn’t be arsed to find a hotel room. I am past the age at which the idea of an evening in the back seat of a borrowed Toyota can evoke anything other than a rather shabby sense of regret.
“No, you’re right,” I conceded gloomily. “Let’s just fuck off back home.”

Chapter 17: It All Sounds a Bit Silly

We travel not for trafficking alone: 
By hotter winds our fiery hearts are fanned:
For lust of knowing what should not be known
We make the Golden Journey to Samarkand.

- James Elroy Flecker

I woke up a lot earlier than usual, not having spent the night sweating over a hot mahjong table. It was still dark outside. I made myself a coffee and took it up to the roof to drink, where morning in the bowl of night was busy casting the stone that puts the stars to flight.
Kabul sits in a depression at one end of the Hindu Kush. When one sits on the roof of Bibi’s house (or, indeed, anyone’s house), one is entirely surrounded by high, snow-capped mountains. The horizon becomes a razor-sharp separation between here and there. It is hard to imagine that by heading just a few hundred miles East, you will find yourself in the middle of the vast and terrifying Taklamakan Desert, where a whole caravan can be swallowed by the sand in less time than it takes to make a cup of tea. A place where lost cities appear and disappear as the dunes shift, and the wind screams with human voices. Or alternatively, you can head West, out across the equally inhospitable Rig-e-Jenn, where villagers on the edge of the desert tell stories of travellers carried away by spirits, and which even Sven Hedin declined to cross.
On a rooftop in Kabul, however, you could sit forever and have no inkling of all this howling emptiness that surrounds you.
Afghanistan is only half an hour ahead of Moscow, time-wise (yes, I know, half an hour; they’re mental), so soon enough I was able to call the shop, knowing that Sandor would be brewing the first of many cups of ginseng tea. (He swears by it. I only tasted it once, and swore at it. I’d rather take a vow of celibacy than put anything so revolting in my mouth ever again.) I sent him a text telling him to let Katerina Isakova (the intern) open up, and to fire up Skype.
He appeared on my computer screen a few minutes later, grinning and waving from my cosy, cluttered little office as though I was his grandmother. I felt a little homesick.
“You know, with the pocket square and the bow tie, you’re getting dangerously close to achieving the douchebag trifecta,” I greeted him.
“Shows how much you know,” he replied waspishly. “Douchebag is in this season.” We spent a few minutes discussing various deals-in-progress which do not concern you. Then I got down to the meat of my current problems.
“Tell me, is Fatty Oleg around these days?”
“I saw him at a sale about a week ago. He didn’t look long for this world, but I haven’t received any black bordered invitations.” He took a sip from his mug of tea.
“Good. As soon as you put down the phone… or the mouse, or whatever it is that people put down these days when they’ve got something important to do… I want you do go round and offer to sell him three Kushan ivory carvings at a very reasonable price, on condition that he then resells them to a slimeball called Achmed Wahidi at the Afghan National Museum.”
“Seems very complicated.”
“I know, I barely understand my plans myself. Moreover, do you remember Henning from Sotheby’s?”
“No.”
“Oh come on, you must do. He’s Danish and a pain in the arse. Can’t remember his second name.”
“The one who sells all that God-awful socialist realist garbage to Americans?”
“Possibly. In any case, he’s called Henning and is Danish and works at Sotheby’s.”
“And is a pain in the arse.”
“Indeed. In any case, I need you to call him up and offer him an all-expenses paid trip to Afghanistan, with the possibility of substantial financial reward.”
“Ok. Anything else?”
“He’s going to have to play some mahjong.”
“Does he know how to play mahjong?”
“No, I just felt like introducing a moment of surreal panic into his day. Of course he bloody knows how to play mahjong. He spends his spare time going off to national tournaments all over Europe. Get him to call me if he wants any more information.” He had some other questions relating to transactions that are, and I mean this in the politest way possible, none of your business. I would have liked to go back to bed after he hung up, but I had various things to do in town, and decided (for reasons which will become apparent) to travel by Shanks’ pony.
I took a rather roundabout route, in and out of alleys, up and down steps, resolutely ignoring the touts. I was interested to see whether Inspector Sahar had seen fit to put a tail on me. I did not spot anything, but decided that this was not necessarily significant. Having done the rounds of the neighbourhood on foot for half an hour or so, peering suspiciously at a succession of innocent Afghans doing their shopping, I nipped into a stationer’s and bought a large cardboard box and some packing materials. I also stopped in one or two other shops before heading home and making up a package. I wrapped it round in duct-tape, and added “fragile” and “this way up” notices on each side. Finally, having reassured myself that the thing was as solid as it was going to get, I slipped in the precious cargo, packed it down carefully and sealed the box. 
It was about midday when I left to deliver my package to the local branch of a certain international courier service. Once again, I took a circuitous route. This time too, it appeared that no one was following me. (At least, no one employed by Sahar. A group of the ubiquitous skinny local kids had taken an interest in me for some reason, and I had quite the retinue by the time I arrived at my destination.) I paid a large amount of money to send the package as securely as possible, with all sorts of attached insurance policies and guarantees should it not reach its destination on time and intact. 
Then, finally, I shooed the children away, went back home and took a well-earned nap, before getting up and heading off to yet another fucking evening of mahjong. 
I played several games that night, none of them against Zhao. He watched the first two, during which I did my best to appear a tempting prospect, taking silly risks and making stupid mistakes. I lost $2000 on the first game and over $15,000 on the second (the most I had ever lost in one game).
If you are not a natural gambler yourself, and are only reading this account for vicarious thrills, then you will, I dare say, not understand me when I say that the euphoria of that moment was enough in itself to make the entire Afghan trip worthwhile. I wanted to high-five the other players - stolid Chinese pensioners to a man - and then grab the Landcruiser for two or three victory laps of the city at 150 mph. Possibly it’s to do with endorphins or something, but trust me, the high to be gained from a huge loss can be just as intense as that induced by a win. Clearly what you do with it doesn’t count: it’s size that matters.
I made sure that Zhao was aware of my epic defeat before taking a break and wolfing down two plates of noodles. I felt exhausted, as though I had just run a mile. By this time, Zhao was involved in another game, in which I knew only one of the other players by sight. I kept an eye on this from time to time, but was obliged to win back some of my losses if I did not wish Bibi and Chen to look askance at me the following morning (Estrade and Hepzibah, I knew, would carefully not react at all, which, if anything, would be worse). Unfortunately, the game I chose turned out to be an unlucky one, and I was down another two thousand by the end of it. I noticed Zhao looking at me in an appraising sort of way. 
I wondered whether to make another attempt to regain some of my losses, or whether my luck - on the receiving end of a seemingly infinite series of kicks in the teeth - had finally deserted me. I decided to try one last game, making sure that the other players were individuals whose form I knew. This time I managed to win $4500 back. I tried another and came out of it more or less even. It was around midnight by then, and I decided to abandon my position for the time being. 
I took a quick glance at Zhao’s current game, seeming to watch the tiles but actually inspecting the score pad. It appeared that, despite the concentration evidently being applied, none of the players had managed to make any significant gains. I wondered briefly why Zhao had chosen this particular group.
I was about to leave when my phone rang. It was a Moscow number, but not one that I recognised. I picked up, feeling a little worried.
“Ja. Keszthelyi. Your catamite says you want to pay for me to fly to Kabul and play mahjong. He is crazy, right?” This constituted a relatively polite greeting by Henning’s standards.
“Oh, it’s you... No, that’s about the shape of it. Look, I can’t talk now. Give me two minutes and I’ll call you back.” 
“Ok, fine, but I’m in Bar Belka with some people. Make it quick, ok?” I hurried out and got into the car, where Estrade was already in the driver’s seat. He had a fresh cut over one eyebrow.
“If you don’t stop going out fighting at night we’re going to have to take you to the vet and get you fixed,” I said. Hepzibah was sitting in the back, wearing the chauffeur’s cap and slurping from a huge paper cup of coffee. She smirked. Estrade drove on and I called Henning back.
“Yes, Sandor was absolutely correct. I’ve got a game going on here that you definitely want to be a part of. Nothing like those European tournaments where you play for a bottle of sweet sherry and the approbation of your peers. To cut a long story short, if we can win the equivalent of two million dollars off a guy here, we get to keep a whole cave full of Kushan ivory carvings.”
“Keszthelyi, are you drunk?”
“Nope, but I just lost $15,000 and I’m still slightly nervy.”
“If you’re going around losing sums like that, then I’m not sure I want to play on your team. Nothing personal.” We had been stuck in a queue at an intersection for some time, and Estrade finally ran out of patience. He overtook four cars on the wrong side of the road, and zipped across against the lights, which did indeed appear to be stuck.
“I just did it to build confidence,” I said, when I got my breath back.
“I bet that’s what you say to all the girls.”
“Look, doesn’t the 15K prove how serious I am about this?” I wheedled.
“Hmmm. You know. Very hmmmm.”
“What are you going to do when your grandkids ask you what you did back in the 2010s? Say ‘Oh, well as a matter of fact, Nicolas Keszthelyi offered me the opportunity to get in on a million dollar mahjong game but I turned him down because I have balls the size of raisins’?” I glanced in the mirror and noticed Hepzibah raising an eyebrow here.
“I don’t know, Keszthelyi. It all sounds a bit silly, you know?” To be perfectly honest, I could see his point.
“We’ll be bankrolling your game,” I explained. “All you need to do is fill the chair and do nothing stupid. Surely even you can manage that? At the very worst you’ve had a nice short break and a little mahjong practice.”
“When exactly would this be happening?”
“I’m not sure yet. Got to organise everything. I’ll call you in advance. Can you get the time off?”
“I guess. Look, I’ve got people here and they’re being tiresome and wanting to talk to me. You know how it is. I’ll think about it and let you know, ok?”
“I suppose so.”
“Ciao.”
“Yeah.” I put the phone down.
“What’s he like?” Hepzibah asked after a while.
“Simon Cowell without the charm and good taste.”
“I meant Zhao, not that guy.” I had been forgetting that none of the others (except Chen) had actually spoken to the man. I considered things for a moment or two.
“The sort of person who always believes the theory is more important than the practice. You know the sort - geeky, solitary types who make a romantic ideal out of pragmatism, or what they consider to be pragmatism. He probably fantasises about being a sort of communist John Galt and is hated by his employees.” 
“Sounds awful. I wonder how he got to be boss of the company in the first place..?” Hepzibah said. It was something that had been bothering me too. He appeared too old to be second-generation-rich like Chen, but on the other hand, I had difficulty seeing him in the role of a self-made man.
“He was a chemist orignally,” Estrade said, surprisingly. “Had good marks at university and got appointed to run a state-owned fertilizer plant in Anhui. He made his money when it was privatised.” I had not known any of this. “And, before you say it, I found that out tonight from speaking to his driver. I have not been witholding information.” I held my hands up, as if nothing had been further from my mind.
“He’s the sort of person who can’t bear the idea that you might think him less intelligent than he is,” I said thoughtfully. “Even when it might not be expedient. Some hay could be made from that, I suppose.”
“I want to know what the mistress in Urumqi is like,” Hepzibah said, in the sort of tone usually used for ransome demands. “Chen’s seen her, but his discription was useless.”
“Extremely patient, I suspect,” I said thoughfully. We sped on through the darkness.

The next morning I woke up to a single text message, consisting of three words: “Ok, I guess.” The game was afoot.

Read on… 
The Bit at the End

If you enjoyed this book, I also have a website (http://www.dzc-books.co.uk/) and can be found on Goodreads as D.Z.C., Twitter as @TheOtherDZC and Facebook as Deng Zichao. I always like receiving pictures of cats, or, if none are available, reviews of my work.

	If you haven't yet read the beginning of the Nicolas Keszthelyi series, you can find People Like Us on Smashwords and Amazon. Alternatively, Bright, Still is a book of ghost stories that I brought out on a whim last Christmas. Or, you can just read the second half of this book, by downloading it here.

	For the first chapter of the next Nicolas Keszthelyi book, read on... 


The Triumph of Avarice

Prologue

"How sweet is mortal Sovranty" - think some:
Others - "How blest the Paradise to come!"
Ah, take the Cash in hand and waive the Rest;
Oh, the brave Music of a distant Drum!

- Omar Khayyam


Fuck bitches, get money.

- Junior M.A.F.I.A.


In the mid sixteenth century, Pieter Coecke van Aelst (or Alost, if you happen to be French, Walloon or perverse) designed a series of tapestries around the theme of the Seven Deadly Sins. Several different sets were commissioned. The best-known belonged to Mary of Hungary - four of her seven sins currently survive. I dare say there's an ironic commentary on modern life to be found in there somewhere. 
A second set was purchased by Henry VIII. Two more high quality sets were produced later in the sixteenth century, to a slightly modified design, and the remnants are currently in the possession of the Spanish royal family and the Vienna Kunsthistorisches Museum. 
Of these, only two individual tapestries are currently on public display: Gluttony can be enjoyed at the New York Metropolitan Museum of Art, and anyone who is interested in Lust will find it in the Palacio Real de Madrid. The Vienna set is the most complete, possessing all seven pieces, though these are not usually available for public inspection. The Henry VIII set, on the other hand, has been reduced to one piece: The Triumph of Avarice. This remained in the British royal collection until the late nineteenth century, when it was bought by J.P. Morgan to hang along one wall of his gloomily majestic library in New York. And to think there were people who accused him of lacking a sense of humour.
Once upon a time, the colours of the tapestry would have been shockingly bright (indeed, some parts of the Madrid Lust remain so). However, the ages and a tour of duty above Pierpont Morgan's coal fireplace have taken their toll, and now the shades are subtler and more sophisticated. Grown up. The work has settled into a peaceful autumn of ochres and umbers; too confident in its own quality to need to brag.
Like all of the designs, Avarice features the sin in question depicted as a young woman riding in a triumphal procession, surrounded by grotesques and historico-mythical personages of note. All are contorted into odd attitudes to show off van Aelst's mastery of the human form. There is a floral border which is rather nice in itself, and the ensemble is given a pleasing semi-symmetry by an opposing male figure. Here I must admit to a lapse: I have no idea who the man is intended to be. Van Aelst's allegories are not always easily identifiable, and there are any number of individuals who could fit the bill. He is young and rather attractive, and wears a discreet crown; moreover his horse appears to be in reasonable nick, unlike Avarice's, which, frankly, looks to be in the middle of a severe epileptic seizure. In any case, I specialise in Asian art, not European, and would not feel confident in making an identification off my own bat. Possibly van Aelst's contemporaries would have been better at this than me, though even here I have my doubts. Allegorical dictionaries were a popular tool among artists and orators alike at the time that van Aelst was working, and it seems highly possible that he may have consulted one himself.
This said, the original audience would have understood the general idea immediately. The idea of staging combats or parades of allegorical vices and virtues was a very old one by the time that Avarice was sent to be woven at the Pannemaker workshop. Prospective buyers would have been intimately familiar, above all, with Prudentius' Psychomachia, a dreary moralising text from the fifth century that depicts a variety of vices routed on the battlefield of the soul by a selection of insufferable virtues. Avarice is certainly in there, and - in fact - occupies a rather interesting position. We first meet her as the battle is turning, and physical indulgence is on the losing side:

... dat tergum fugitiuus Amor, lita tela ueneno
et lapsum ex umeris arcum pharetramque cadentem
pallidus ipse metu sua post uestigia linquit.
Pompa, ostentatrix uani splendoris, inani
exuitur nudata peplo...

("... Eros also beats a retreat - poison darts, bow and quiver falling from his shoulder, pale with fear, he turns back in his tracks. Vanity, who basked in vain splendour, has her robe torn from her...")

The passage continues as the allegorical scavengers begin to occupy the scene:

... discissa trahuntur
serta Venustatis collique ac uerticis aurum
soluitur, et gemmas Discordia dissona turbat.
non piget adtritis pedibus per acuta frutecta
ire Voluptatem, quoniam uis maior acerbam
conpellit tolerare fugam; formido pericli
praedurat teneras iter ad cruciabile plantas.
qua se cumque fugax trepidis fert cursibus agmen, 
damna iacent, crinalis acus, redimicula, uittae,
fibula, flammeolum, strophium, diadema, monile...

("Allurement's garlands are rent and torn away, her diadem falls, and discordant Strife scatters her jewels. Pleasure runs, not noticing the broken shards that cut her feet, a flight that must be endured to escape even greater harshness. She makes her way in fear of danger, agony in the dry, delicate soles of her feet. Wherever the terrified columns flee, they shed their gains: hairpins, turbans, ribbons, brooches, veils, linen, coronets, necklaces.")

I always rush through that part. An unhappy customer with certain... ah... connections once threatened to have someone shred my feet with a razor blade for me. I still have occasional nightmares. 
In any case, the forces of joy have been comprehensively driven from the field. All of the little indulgences that make life worth living have been put to flight by the upstanding moral qualities of Christianity. What happens next? A new world ruled over by virtue? What do you think?
In fact, it's here that Prudentius finally shows us that he is more than a mere hack. When the feast is finished, and the lamps expire:

...fertur Auaritia gremio praecincta capaci,
quidquid Luxus edax pretiosum liquerat, unca
corripuisse manu, pulchra in ludibria uasto
ore inhians aurique legens fragmenta caduci 
inter harenarum cumulos...

("And then, it is said, Avarice folds her capacious cloak, and snaps up anything precious that Extravagance may have left behind. With clawing fingers and grasping hands, her vast mouth agape, she sifts greedily through the piled sand for gold and fragments of abandoned finery.")

While Pride may be the first and the most deadly sin, Avarice is the last, the most enduring, and the one most able to hide its features under a mask of careful virtue. Prudentius is not (or not entirely) a pie-in-the sky moralist creating a Civitas Dei for children and ideologues. In fact, he is as cynical as the rest of us, if not more so: when the impetuous sins of the flesh recede, they are replaced not with virtues, but with other cooler, more considered vices. 
Of course, this did not stop the Catholic Church from ramming the whole tedious work down novices' throats as a Good Example for hundreds of years, on the basis that we're surely all guilty of something.
And then came the Renaissance, a brash second childhood when the world was new once more. The fashionable art-buyers of van Aelst's time may have been intimately familiar with Prudentius' work, but that does not mean that they had any truck whatsoever with his dry, resigned, monastic disapproval. The old Christian vices blossomed into even older pagan virtues: lechery became virility, envy became ambition, vainglory became self-respect. For a time, at least, greed was good. 
It was this spirit - rambunctious, naive, extroverted, acquisitive - that J.P. Morgan wished, in his own way, to celebrate in his library. The rotunda contains homages to Raphael's work for Cardinal Giulio de' Medici and Pinturicchio's Borgia frescoes, as well as panels depicting pagan gods and goddesses, allegories of the four branches of art, and tributes to Dante and Petrarch. The reading room and the study are even more insistent on J.P.'s chosen theme. If you have never visited, I thoroughly recommend it.

Pieter Coecke van Aelst's Triumph of Avarice, however, no longer hangs above the Venetian marble fireplace. To conserve funds, the space is now occupied by an excellent replica. The original was sold for an undisclosed sum to an anonymous intermediary (yes, me) on behalf of a certain Chinese mining conglomerate that was looking for a large, symbolic purchase to celebrate its IPO. 	
It took some doing, but I managed to convince them that it would look better in their boardroom than the Joachim Wtewael full of tits and bums on which the CEO had previously had an eye. 


