


Journal of a Cymbal Player- Freshman Year

By Giselle Lumas
Smashwords Edition



Copyright ©2010 Giselle Lumas
All rights reserved.


Giselle Lumas
Fiction

Email the author at:
Gigilumas@att.net

Visit the author’s website at:
www.gisellelumas.com



Dedication
Although this series is a work of fiction, it was inspired by time spent and served with the Simi Valley High School Marching Band and Drum Line during the years of 1985-1988. With that said, I would like to dedicate this book series to the Simi Valley High School Marching Band and Drum Line from 1985-1988. I would also like to thank Veda and Tricey who talked me into joining in the first place.



Monday- September 17, 1984

Dear Journal,
My English teacher, Mrs. Lovegood, is forcing the entire class to start keeping a journal. She wants us to write for the first eight minutes of class and an entry has to be at least five sentences. What can I possibly write in eight minutes? Geesh, it’s only been a couple of seconds and already my mind is a blank. Well, it’s been a pretty crappy two weeks. My sister and I thought our cousin Raquel would be able to stay with us forever but my parents said they couldn’t get in touch with her father to have papers signed so that they could have guardianship of her. I think they are lying. That seems to be what grown ups do… lie.
But while she was here she had talked me into signing up for the marching band with her. I agreed to it when she told me I wouldn’t have to take regular PE because marching band counts as physical education. 
Raquel described the bands from New Orleans who are super cool! They dance as they play music. That isn’t the case here in Simi Valley, California. We have to roll our feet and lift our legs in synchronization while the rest of our bodies are perfectly still while walking/marching. It wouldn’t be so bad if I were playing a super cool instrument like a saxophone or a mellow one like the flute. Instead, I’m playing the cymbals. I don’t know what I was thinking. I’m five four, a hundred fifteen pounds and I have to carry the super enormous cymbals because Doug my dorky cymbal buddy won’t carry them. They are about thirty pounds. They must be! I’m not exaggerating. 
Well, Raquel is back in New Orleans and now I’m still stuck in Simi Valley, California alone. I thought things were going to be different this year. I thought I would be able to meet people and talk to people. But… nope. I’m still as quiet as ever. My brain still shuts down when people try to talk to me. What is up with that anyway? It’s not like I’m retarded or anything. Geesh.
Well, my teacher says we will learn to express ourselves more in our writing and will eventually unconsciously or subconsciously or whatever gain control over our writing. Like I care. What time is it now anyway? 1:06… okay, two minutes left. Hmmm…. 
Why does the school have our classes on rotating schedules??? It’s really lame. Like today I had Math as my first class but tomorrow Art will be my first class, then the following day Science…it’s never the same every day. If I get sick for more than a week I won’t remember where I am supposed to go. Someone said it was to break the monotony and to peak our interest.
Well, Mrs. Lovegood says to wrap it up now. So… I’m wrapping it up. Bye.

Tuesday- September 18, 1984
Yippie, I’m back. I’m cranky because I’m soaking wet and got mud all over my new purple high tops. They were cute but now they are just blah. Then the buckle on my belt broke so I was forced to take the belt off and now my shirt is just hanging down. I look lame. My hair turned into a frizzy pile of wanna-be-afro from the seventies. Stupid Jake who sits behind me keeps ripping shreds of paper and turning them into spit balls and shooting them at me with a straw he smuggled into the classroom. To think I used to stick up for him in elementary school! Now just because he’s on the football team and over six feet tall he thinks he’s the god of our class. He’s just a jerk!
This girl next to me just used her journal to smack Jake on the back of his head. She said, “Knock it off jock.” 
Jake looked at her through narrowed eyes and said, “Mind your own business.”
“This is my business. No one wants your saliva invested paper balls spraying all over the class room. Plus my uncle cleans up this place. He doesn’t need your juvenile trash.”
Jake laughed, “Your uncle is the janitor?”
The girl balled up her fist and clenched her teeth. “Dude, you better not say any of your stupid jokes. He’s a great man. Way better than you ever will be.” She mumbled more but it was in Spanish and I couldn’t understand her.
This actually made Jake shut up. 
She shook my hand and told me her name is Jessica Rodriguez but people call her Jesse for short. I’m not positive but I think she is in band. She looks familiar. There are over fifty kids in the marching band so sometimes it seems nothing but a blur of faces. I’ll have to ask her after class. 
Well, because I play the cymbals I’m automatically part of the percussion team, drum squad, drum line… whatever name they call themselves at the time. I’m one of the only two girls on the line. The only other girl plays the dainty tiny half pound cymbals and she’s the girlfriend of the drum section leader. Her name is Lily. She has auburn hair, hazel eyes and braces. She’s spoiled. I wish she would just drop out of the band entirely. She doesn’t even play the cymbals. She just pretends to play. Like, how in the world can you pretend to play the cymbals anyway?
Contrary to what most people believe, you don’t just smash the cymbals together. There are several techniques. The first is while you are moving one of the cymbals upward with one hand you move the other one down. It creates an awesome sound. Then there is what the music director, Mr. Stevens, likes to call a choke or crunch. I have to hold the cymbals sideways while one side of the cymbal is still touching, I have to lift the other side up and then back down… it’s kind of like a mouth opening and closing and it makes a cool crunching sound. Then other times I have to stand or sometimes kneel in front of the snare drum players and hold the cymbals up so that they can hammer their drumsticks on them.
My arms are still sore from yesterdays practice. I just found out this morning that we have practice every Thursday night at 7:30. Yippie. Me with a spoiled girl and twelve overly hormonal boys who like to think they are men. Yeah, right.
Wow, times up already. Write more tomorrow.


Wednesday- September 19, 1984
Okay, I’m going to do something to Jake. I don’t know what yet but I’m going to do something. As I was leaving class yesterday he pushed me into a puddle of mud only to make my high tops drip more and my feet ended up being soggy. It felt as if I were walking around with play dough in my shoes the rest of the day. He’s been quiet so far today. Hmmm…. Actually… he looks a little sad today. I wonder if he’s okay.
Anyway, as it turns out Jesse plays the saxophone. She said sometimes she plays the piano too for jazz class. She told me that we have a parade coming up next weekend and wanted to know if I’d sit with her on the bus. I guess it will be ok. I’ve never gone on the bus with the band before so we’ll see. 
My sister is picking me up today from school. My dad is letting her drive the car with the condition that on the days she drives it she has to pick me up. Which is cool for me because then I won’t have to take the city bus. There is a crazy lady on the bus everyday who wears a big oversized dress with a pink flower in her hair. I don’t think she ever takes a shower and I think she may be going to the bathroom on herself. She talks to herself all of the time and yells at the driver out of the blue. She scares me.
I’m still trying to get mentally prepared for the drum line practice that will be tomorrow night. We are supposed to meet at seven thirty.

Thursday- September 20, 1984
I’m journaling. I’m journaling. I’m journaling. I’m journaling. There I now have five sentences.

Friday- September 21, 1984
Jesse said she thinks Jake’s girlfriend broke up with him. She was probably tired of his immature ways. That’s why he’s been moping around. Maybe he’ll stop harassing me now.
Mrs. Lovegood said she will be passing out the book Lord of the Flies. Why would anyone want to be Lord of the Flies?? Gross. 
Oh! I have to write about the drum line practice. We did our warm ups, practiced and took a break. It was break time that hurt. Seriously. The guys decided to play mud football on the quad when the sprinklers came on. I originally planned to stay on the dry sidewalk and watch them but they said I’m one of the guys so shoved me right smack in the middle of game. I don’t even like football! Tommy (the section leader of the drum squad) shoved the ball in my hand and told me to run. I didn’t even know where I was running to but when twelve guys start running after you, your flight instincts kick in. I ran away screaming with my mouth wide open. Water was spraying everywhere and then of course I tripped! Once that happened I was pretty much doomed. All twelve of the guys jumped on me. Yes, I was literally at the bottom of a dog pile.
I couldn’t move. I couldn’t breathe. They were laughing when they got up. I was the most muddied out of the bunch. I had to stand out in the hall of the band room while everyone else went back in to practice.
When my sister picked me up, she treated me as I was her daughter, asking me why I would play mud football with a bunch of boys. She told me there was no possible way I would get into my father’s car. After I explained how I didn’t have a choice but to play she parked the car, got out, and then ran after Tommy. The two stood in the parking lot arguing for ten or fifteen minutes. My sister yelled, “Tommy, you are supposed to be the mature, smart one out of the bunch. Why would you do this to my sister? You know how strict my dad is! She can’t get into the car like this! What were you thinking??”
They exchanged more words. My sister just happened to have a duffle bag with dry sweats she intended to use at the gym. She tossed them to me and I changed in the bathroom.
Tommy and my sister have a past. When she went to school here he was only a year behind her. Tommy openly had a crush on her but my sister would never give him a chance.
Ah man, times up. Gotta go.

 Monday- September 24, 1984
Happy, happy, joy, joy. It’s Monday. This isn’t five sentences yet. Why not? There, now it is.

Tuesday- September 25, 1984
Jake tried to trip Jesse when she was walking into the class today. She punched him in the arm. He’s still rubbing it. Jesse wants to hang out at lunch time and plan out what we should bring for the parade this weekend. I’m trying to figure out why we would need to plan. From my understanding we take the bus, grab our instruments, go march for a couple of miles, get on the bus and go home. What’s to plan?

Wednesday- Sept 26, 1984
Something strange in the neighborhood… who you gonna call?? Ghostbusters…. Do, dodo, do, do, dodo… I ain’t afraid of no ghosts! I love the Ghostbuster movie! I love Dan Ackroyd and Bill Murray!! We were talking about the movie in science class. My science teacher said he will give anyone extra credit if they can re-create the slime that was used in the movie. I can surely use extra credit. I’m going start thinking of how the slime was possibly made.

Thursday- Sept. 27, 1984
Can I sue a fellow fourteen year old for offensive remarks? I was sitting on a stool and minding my own business in the band room when one of the bass drum players said out of no where, “Hey we can play racquetball on Jackie’s chest because she’s so flat.” What did I ever do to him? I know I’m flat chested but it doesn’t mean I want it broadcasted all over the band room. Geez, then one of the girls from the drill team snickered at me. It had to be one of the big breasted, curvy, long blond hair girls too. 
Just great, now my eyes are tearing up? That’s all I need to do is cry in the middle of English class right next to Mr. Jake the awesome football hero. 
I’m sniffling and can feel my nose about to drip. How can I possibly get up and grab one of Mrs. Lovegood’s tissues from her desk with out making everyone else see me? Oy! Not to mention my lips are getting swollen and my face is probably splotchy. 
I can’t even see the paper I’m writing on now. Geeeeezzzzz. 
Oh, phew. Jesse just tapped me on the shoulder and handed me a little packet of tissues from her backpack. She told me, “Jacks, let go of what happened in the band room, okay? Everyone else has already moved on.”
It’s funny. Sometimes I think all the guys on the drum line would protect me in a heartbeat if something catastrophic was about to happen to me or if someone was trying to hurt me. But other times, I feel like I would be like Piggy from Lord of the Flies and they’d just toss me over a cliff.

Friday- Sept. 28, 1984
One of the guys brought a racquetball and racquet to drum practice last night and aimed the ball at me. Surprisingly Tommy stood up for me. He made all of the boys on the line run two laps around the track before we practiced while Lily and I watched from the stands. Lily was pretty cool last night. She told me to be grateful I haven’t gone through the change yet. She made a few funny jokes too.
My mom says she is going to take me to the doctor when I’m sixteen if I don’t start my monthly cycle by then. So I have a year and a half left to go. Do you know how hard it is to be the only girl in high school who doesn’t have a woman’s body? Then to be surrounded by hormonal boys constantly???

Monday- October 1, 1984
The parade was in Santa Barbara and it was a thousand mile hike up a really long steep mountain. It took us forever to get there by bus. Oh, I tried to sit in the second seat close to the bus driver with Jesse but as soon as I sat down Tommy grabbed my arm and pulled me to the back of the bus. He said, “The line stays together on the bus and off. It’s the law.” 
Jesse grabbed my left arm and tried to pull me back. “It’s not the law. Jacks sit back down.”
Tommy glared at her. “Do you really want to challenge me?” I looked up at Tommy and felt something stir inside me that I never felt before. I felt giddy or I don’t know… it was this weird feeling. His cocoa skin and hazel eyes with the thick lashes and the scowl on his face… and those dimples… just so… mmm. Wait. What did I just write?? Oh crap. I shouldn’t write this down, not here. What am I thinking??
Anyway, Jesse gave up and I grabbed all of my stuff and went to the back of the bus. I left my Fig Newton’s with Jesse and she gave me some of her Oreo’s.
Tommy asked me to start shining the cymbals. I thought he was joking but he said, “Seriously, you need to buff and shine them. You don’t want to be the reason for docked points. Do you?” Apparently we can have points deducted during the competition if our instruments are dirty. I still don’t remember him telling me that. Anyway, he said he saw that the cymbals were a mess so he carried them onto the bus. He passed them to me along with a bottle of brass polish and a rag and told me to get to work. So there I was polishing cymbals while twelve boys competed for the smelliest farts and the loudest burp. Needless to say I was nauseous during the entire journey to Santa Barbara.
We didn’t even place third in the competition. Our music director said not to worry or obsess over our pathetic loss because it was only the beginning of the season and he now knew what we need to work on.

Tuesday- October 2, 1984
It feels like October in Simi Valley, Ca. It never fails… the Santa Ana winds blow like crazy. It’s always a hot dry wind and we seem to always get the really bad brush fires during this month. The drummers want to go trick or treating on Halloween. I was surprised. I would have thought they would view themselves as too mature for such a childish festivity. On second thought… of course they would want to go. Duh!
Jesse wants me to spend the night on Friday at her house. I asked my mom this morning and she said it was okay. Jesse also invited another girl from band too. It should be interesting. It’s my first official sleep over in high school. I wonder if it will be any different than the ones I had in junior high.

Wednesday- October 3, 1984
Well, crap, I failed my math test. My mom is going to hurt me! Crap. Crap. Crap!

Thursday- October 4, 1984
I’m grounded. I can’t go to Jesse’s this weekend until I bring home at least a “C” on my next math test. This bites!!
Crap! Drum line practice tonight. Brace myself. What joys await for me tonight? Argh… argghh! That’s five sentences… right? Yep.

Friday- October 5, 1984
After practice last night the guys decided we should all go to Carl’s Jr. for burgers, fries and shakes. They decided to have a spit wad war right smack in the middle of the restaurant. A bunch of adults gave us dirty looks. Several people got up to leave. I tried to move to a different table way on the other side of the restaurant and thought about calling my mom to pick me up but the guys followed me wherever I went. Finally the manager kicked us out. I’m not sure I can ever really show my face there ever again. 
Now that I think about it, I don’t think I was supposed to go to Carl’s Jr. since I’m supposed to be grounded.

Monday- October 8, 1984
Jesse won’t talk to me. She doesn’t believe I was grounded. She thinks I just didn’t want to go to her house. The whole marching band heard about the drummers take over of Carl’s Jr. The music director is threatening to suspend a few of the guys from the drum line. There is a rumor that the manager of the restaurant called the school principle and singled out the guys that were the most obnoxious. 

Tuesday- October 9, 1984
We have a field show next weekend in Buena Vista. This is where we march around a football field and make designs on the field using our own bodies while playing music. I have to wonder… who in the world thought up such an idea??
 We have extra practice everyday for the rest of the week. The director talked to the parents of the drummers and as long as the boys remain quiet during the entire trip to and from the competition this weekend they won’t be suspended. All of the boys are pouting. Lily and I are smiling.

Wednesday- October 10, 1984
My mom is forcing me to go to an orthodontist after school today. She’s picking me up and taking me. It’s my body but I don’t have a say in the matter until I’m eighteen. I feel like she reminds me that I’m completely under her control on a daily basis. I even talked to Dad but he won’t budge either. He always says, “Whatever your mom wants, your mom gets, stop whining.” I haven’t whined since I was three!

Thursday- October 11, 1984
The orthodontist took x-rays of my head and mouth yesterday. My mom said that I will probably get the braces on in approximately two weeks. I won’t be able to eat corn on the cob, popcorn, sticky candy or chew bubble gum. I won’t be able to drink soda. I told my mom I don’t mind the gap between my two front teeth. I told her we were supposed to be Catholic and shouldn’t we accept our bodies the way in which God created it. She told me to stop being dramatic and deal with it and God helps those who help themselves. She said I should be grateful that I have the ability to get braces because she didn’t have the option when she was little. This lead to the full blown speech: I need to count my blessings and be grateful that we live in a nice neighborhood and attend a good school. 
I am grateful, really I am. I just wish I could have some sort of control over what happens directly to me and my body.

Friday- October 12, 1984
The drummers want to hang out tonight. One of the boy’s parents is out of town and wanted the group to come over. I told them I wouldn’t be able to go. They all looked genuinely disappointed. Lily refused to join them as well. She is forcing Tommy to take her to a dinner and movie alone instead. 

Monday- October 15, 1984
Mrs. Lovegood asked to see our journals today. She promised that she wouldn’t read a single word but flipped through the pages to ensure that we were writing something tangible for each day of the school week. I have to wonder though if she ever wants to stop and take a sneak peek at an entry. I would. I wonder what Jake write’s about. Football can’t be the only thing on his mind, can it? I remember in elementary school he had such a fascination with bugs. He used to carry a jar of beetles around him until the teacher sent a note home to his mom. Then he used to bring a different match box car to school everyday and show me. We used to go over each others house and play soccer in each other’s back yard. Then things just changed in junior high. He started to care too much about appearances and what other people thought.

Tuesday- October 16, 1984
I still haven’t figured out how to make the slime from Ghostbusters. I’ll have to ask the instructor when the due date is. Did I mention that Jesse is finally talking to me again? She said she is going to talk to Tommy about me sitting next to her on the bus on the way to the Buena Vista competition. I told her he won’t go for it. He wants the drummers to stay together. She said, “But Jacks, you aren’t even a real drummer. You’re a cymbal player for crying out loud! Why do you have to sit by them?”
Of course I couldn’t think of any explanation. She was right when you really sit there for a minute and think about it. I wasn’t a real drummer. I never even held drum sticks in my hand. I knew that some part of me should be angry with Jesse for the way she had talked to me… or rather how she talked down to me but I wasn’t. How can you argue with honesty?

Wednesday- October 17, 1984
My cousin Raquel called me last night. She might be coming out for Christmas vacation and stay with us for the two weeks she is out. I hope so. That will be so much fun! She said she will know more in a couple of weeks.

Thursday- October 18, 1984
Mr. Reynolds, my science teacher said he will give me until the end of the school year in June to come up with the slime. I think I can get some of the guys to help me. They are experimental. 

Friday- October 19, 1984
Tommy announced we get to wear our buckskin uniforms for the field show. That is one of the cool things about being on the drum line. As a Simi Valley Pioneer we wear moccasins, buckskins and raccoon hats. Only the drummers wear them. The rest of the band has to wear traditional band uniforms that are itchy and stuffy. We will look like a bunch of Davy Crockets.
At practice, Tommy pulled me aside from the rest of the group during break. He had has arms crossed and was still holding his drum sticks. I couldn’t help but notice his arms were flexing as he started talking to me and he was moving from side to side. “Jack, don’t you feel a part of the crew?”
“Um, yeah,” I said.
“Then why don’t you want to sit with us on the back of the bus.”
“I…” 
He wouldn’t let me even begin to answer his question.
“It’s all about being a team player… and team morale. Being on the drum line is different from any other part of the band. We stand out. We have our own separate competitions outside of the field shows and parades Jack. If you are a cymbal player, you are on the line. You have to sit with us and be with us… breathe with us.”
I might have rolled my eyes at him on accident and with out realizing it because Tommy clenched his jaw and I thought I saw a vein pop out of his forehead. “You’re not like your sister at all, are you?”
I know I frowned at that. “No, I’m not.”
Tommy shook his head and walked away. He hasn’t talked to me since. What was that all about? I think the only reason he seems to look out for me is because he still has the stupid crush on my sister. He doesn’t see me for who I am at all. Of course if he did he’d only see a little fourteen year old girl whose flat chested, frizzy hair and a big gap between her teeth.
Arrggghh.

Monday- October 22, 1984
It’s safe to say that the entire marching band hates me. I completely understand though. There was a part in the field show that I was supposed to stop in front of the snare drum players and kneel in front of them so they could play on the cymbals. Well, I tripped from a loose string on my moccasins. Hit my head on the bass drum, somehow did a complete flip in the air and landed on my back. The wind got knocked out of me and my raccoon hat landed on top of a snare drum. It seemed the whole show stopped and all eyes were on me. Humiliating… absolutely humiliating. At least the cymbals managed to stay clean through the whole ordeal.

Tuesday- October 23, 1984
Jake just asked me if I knew whether or not Jesse has a boyfriend or not. I tried to stare at him as long as I could to see if he would flinch or give me some sign as to whether his question was for sincere reasons or for gossip. I couldn’t tell which. Once upon a time I would have been able to tell what Jake’s intentions were but I no longer knew. So I went for honesty, “Jake, I’m honestly not sure. She doesn’t really talk about her personal-personal life.”
“Then what do you two talk about? Don’t you hang out with her?”
“Every once in a while but it’s not like she’s my best friend or anything. The only thing we have in common is that we are both on the school band.”
Jake shook his head as if he didn’t believe me. “Jackie, just tell me if she ever talks about me, mentions me… anything?”
I rolled my eyes. “Jake, not everyone is attracted to the football hero.”
His brown eyes seemed to pop out of his head. “So you’re saying she doesn’t like me? I knew it.” He sounded disappointed.
“So, you like her, huh?” I asked.
“Are you kidding me? She’s hot. Her shiny silky long wavy hair, her big brown eyes and the cute elfish nose she has. Man, every guy on campus wants to go out with her.”
Somehow this just pissed me off. What was I then? Invisible. That’s what.
“Look, if you put in a good word for me I promise I’ll stop bugging you during class.”
I’m sure my mouth twitched to the side. It would be nice to have a break from his harassment. “I think it will take more than that.”
“Just remember what I was like before junior high. Can you talk to her about those days? I’m still that guy you knew.”
“Sure you are Jake,” I know I sounded doubtful but said, “I’ll think about it, okay?”
“Okay, thanks,” he said and gave me an old friendly pat on the shoulder. 
I wonder if Jake will ever see me as his friend ever again.

Wednesday- October 24, 1984
I’m obsessed over slime. Who would know what the stuff is made of? It’s gotta be some kind of glue or something. Maybe baking soda or something?? Vinegar? Why won’t Mr. Reynolds just tell the class what it’s made of? Geeesh.

Thursday- October 25, 1984
During lunch today I told Jesse that Jake wants me to put in a good word about him to her. She laughed. She said guys only want what they can’t possibly have. Anything that challenges them or that is hard to obtain is suddenly the new desire. She wasn’t interested in him. She said she wasn’t sure that she was interested in anyone at the moment. Jesse explained that she had a lot of issues going on with her family that she just didn’t want to have any other complications in her life at the moment. She could only handle school work and the band for the moment.

Friday- October 26, 1984
My mom picked me up after practice last night and told me that the braces were on hold for now. I asked her why and she told me she would tell me more at another time. For some reason this didn’t settle in my stomach well. There was a look of worry on her face but I knew she wouldn’t budge. She wasn’t going to tell me anything no matter how much I bugged her. I also suddenly realized that I really did want braces. I really do want to have a beautiful smile.

Monday- October 29, 1984
Slime, slime, oh how do I make thee? Slime, slime, do you grow on a tree? Slime, slime, why couldn’t anyone I know know how to make you?? I wonder how… hmmmm….

Tuesday- October 30, 1984
Jesse wants to know what I’m going to dress up as for Halloween. I don’t know. I wasn’t planning on dressing up. She’s going to be a bumble bee. How cute. Yes, I am a little annoyed. Why couldn’t I think of something cute like that? Right now, I’ve no ideas. Nada, nunca… nothing.

Wednesday- October 31, 1984
I decided to dress up as a pregnant plumber. I’m wearing my dad’s overalls which I had to roll up a lot since he’s six two. Then I had my sister put a bunch of dark foundation on her hand and press it against my face so I have been walking around school with a giant hand print on my face and oh… let’s not forget the plunger. I have a plunger, flashlight and a baseball cap on my head (sideways.) Mrs. Lovegood told me to leave the plunger outside. Does she really think I used it or something? Anyway, the drummers laughed when they saw me and asked if I’d unclog one of the toilets in their bathroom. Jesse doesn’t appreciate my costume. She says I’m offending her uncle. I don’t see how. Sometimes she really needs to lighten up a bit. Geesh.
Jake tugged on my baseball cap and whispered. He wanted to know if I talked to Jesse yet. I told him I didn’t think she was looking for a boyfriend right now. He gave me a scowl then leaned back in his seat.
It’s just one of those days that I can’t win no matter what I do.

Thursday- November 1, 1984
Apparently the whole line went trick or treating but didn’t bother to ask if I wanted to go. Great.
I found out though that Mr. Stevens, the music director, is thinking about making the drummers wear regular uniforms during the field shows now. Since I tripped over the moccasin lace he thinks it would be better for the drummers to be just like everyone else. Tommy still won’t talk to me. He probably thinks I tripped on purpose. Pete, the guy who plays the biggest bass drum told me to relax. He said the director is just blowing off steam. It was nice of him to say that considering my head collided with his drum and he almost toppled over as well. Pete also told me I didn’t miss anything last night when they went trick or treating.
Tommy wants us to start practicing for the drum competition that is in December. He wants me to play the gong. I wanted to ask him why couldn’t Lily do it but the look on his face told me not to challenge him. He’s going to show me how to play it tonight. He warned me that for the Christmas concert I will also need to know how to play the chimes. I thought I was just the cymbal player! How the heck did I get stuck playing all these instruments?

Friday- November 2, 1984
Well, I’m a triangle player now too. Ting. I must remember to stick the pinky finger out and to ting it at the right moment. Too soon- no one will hear it… too late and it will be forgotten. I think it’s a conspiracy. The drummers are out to get me or something.
I have to admit though, the fun part is I get to jingle the bells when they play Jingle Bells and Dashing Through the Snow!
Oh, and my mom said I’m no longer grounded since I got a “c” on my last math test. Eeeee! 

Monday- November 5, 1984
Jesse called me on Saturday. We went to the movies then hung out at her house for a few hours. I tried to do my duty and bring up Jake again but she managed to maneuver the conversation. Somehow we started talking about the swim team. Apparently she has a crush on one of the guys who is so great she believes he will be in the next Olympics. 
Jake has been pouting during class today. I think he finally realizes he doesn’t have a chance at all with Jesse. I think this is the longest he’s ever gone without having a girl friend.

Tuesday- November 6, 1984
My mom asked me if I was feeling okay this morning. She said I looked a little “peaky”. What the heck does that mean? I was in a great mood before she said that. Peaky?? I looked in the mirror and I looked the same way I’ve always looked. Still no boobs. Is that what she was referring too????

Wednesday- November 7, 1984
I have nothing to write about today. I don’t feel like writing. This journal is a dumb idea. Why do we have to do this everyday? Why?

Thursday- November 8, 1984
I wonder if Tommy will talk to me tonight. Not just boss me around but actually talk to me. You’d think he wouldn’t still be mad at me but he is.

Friday- November 9, 1984
My sister was supposed to drop me off to practice last night but decided to stay and watch the entire time. I was surprised. Tommy seemed to be happy about that but Lily was cranky the entire time. Pete kept looking at me during practice and smiling a goofy smile at me. I’m trying not to notice but he makes it really obvious.

Tuesday- November 13, 1984
We had a three day weekend because of Veterans Day. Mr. Stevens called a bunch of the band members early Sunday morning to see if we could meet him at one of the parks at ten in the morning to play a tribute to Veterans. My dad drove me. A lot of the band members made it. I actually think it was the best we’ve ever played. I almost cried. It was very moving. Someone released a bunch of doves. It was the first time my dad ever watched me play. He said I was the best cymbal player he ever saw in his entire life. I asked him if he ever met a cymbal player and he said, “Nope.” 
I think my sister misses her time with the band. She use to play the xylophone. She could play holding four mallets at the same time. She tries to act as if she doesn’t miss it but I can tell she does. 
Anyway, there is supposed to be a pep rally tomorrow for the football team. It would have been nice if they asked the band to play.

Wednesday- November 14, 1984
Jake just told me he saw me dancing in the stands with Lily at the pep rally this afternoon. He said I should be out there with cheerleaders. Yeah, right! I know he was just messing with me. He has no clue that I use to fantasize about being a cheerleader. 

Thursday- November 15, 1984
Tommy told me and Lily that he wants us to come up with a dance routine while we are playing the cymbals tonight. He said he also wants to see me shake my butt while I’m playing the gong too! How in the world am I supposed to dance and play at the same time? The cymbals are fifty thousand pounds!!! I shouldn’t have danced at the pep rally yesterday! Geesh. That’s what I get for having a good time! Lily and I are supposed to motivate Doug to dance with us. I don’t know. Lily says we can dance around him. She actually sounds excited about it and told me to wear tennis shoes tonight to practice. 

Friday- November 16, 1984
Lily and I rock! We made up a whole routine and decided we are going to wear sunglasses during the drum competition. We are the coolest cymbal players in history. Yes we are! We get to test it out tomorrow at the Westwood competition.

Monday- November 19, 1984
We placed second in the field competition and third for drum solo! It was so much fun. We were gone all day Saturday. Jesse is mad at me because I was hanging out with Lily most of the time.
In other news… My mom is freaking me out. She looked at me with a worried expression on her face this morning and asked if I was sure I was feeling okay. I told her yes. But right after I told her that my stomach tied up in knots and I thought I was about to hurl. 
Well, my brother is supposed to come out Wednesday night and stay with us for the whole Thanksgiving weekend. I can’t wait! He’s six years older than me so we hardly see each other. 

Tuesday- November 20, 1984
My mom and dad told me this morning that I’m having oral surgery tomorrow. What kind of crap is that!!! They just walked into my room while I was still trying to wake up and sat on my bed and told me the reason I didn’t get my braces yet is because the x-rays showed a big gigantic mass of tissue growing on the right side of my lower jaw! Why didn’t they tell me like, oh, I don’t know… right when they found out?!?!?! I’m freaking out here!! This is my body we are talking about. You don’t just casually stroll into someone’s bedroom and tell them they will have surgery in the morning. 
Gosh!! What’s wrong with my parents? 
So my parents are picking me up early today to have a consultation with the oral surgeon. They are going to tell me what to expect. Couldn’t they have told me this right when they found out? Now I know why my mom was acting so weird. The teacher’s already know that I won’t be here tomorrow. Why does everyone else in the universe know what’s happening to me except for me??? Why?? I’ve never had surgery before! What the heck????
Maybe Jesse will let me stay at her house over the weekend? Or maybe I can stay at my brother’s apartment while he’s staying at my house. I don’t want to go. They can’t really make me go, can they?

Monday- November 26, 1984
Boy, do I have lots to write about. So I went to the oral surgeon on Tuesday after school and they explained they would numb my mouth and cut away all of the excessive tissue. They also said they would go ahead and remove my wisdom tooth since it was buried underneath all the excess. My mom told the doctor that I should be put to sleep during the process because she thought I would lose my mind. I tried to protest but the doctor said, “Of course, absolutely.” Then he told me I couldn’t eat anything past midnight. I think if I weren’t so scared I would have put up a fight. 
At least my mom and dad said I could have McDonald’s for dinner and ice cream for dessert. So I didn’t do much arguing. Well, I decided to eat all the way up until 11:59 that night. 
My parents both drove me to the surgeon’s office that morning. They didn’t tell me there would be needles involved. I remember when I was really little I used to scream at just the sight of a needle. Well, the doctor jabbed me with the needle before I realized what was happening. Things were hazy and loopy and just weird. The next thing I knew I woke up and felt a bunch of gauze and tissue in my mouth. My whole head hurt and I felt nauseous. A woman in white rushed to my side and handed me a puke tray. I threw up a bunch of times. She removed all the gauze but when I saw the blood on the gauze I just threw up again. The woman stuffed more gauze in my mouth. My stomach was finally feeling better. 
I wanted my mom. My eyes were watering. Finally my parents entered the room. The doctor had said something to them but I couldn’t understand.
Well, it sucked to have oral surgery the day before Thanksgiving! I was still a little nauseous and my mouth was so sore I couldn’t eat any of the food my mom cooked. My brother and sister teased me the whole time. They said the right side of my mouth was the size of a grapefruit and it was bruised. BUT my mom surprised me. While I was sitting at the table eating pudding she handed me a package that was wrapped in Christmas wrapping paper. She said she was going to give it to me for Christmas but thought I might like it now. I opened it so fast. It was a cabbage patch doll!! He had curly brown hair, brown eyes and so soft! He had the adoption papers and his name was Melvin Jeffrey. 
My sister grabbed the doll from my hands. “Oh my gosh!” 
I tried to smile but it hurt too much. 
My dad and brother just said, “Oh brother.” My mom went on tell us how she has connections at the department store. She was called as soon as a shipment came in and she bought it right away. She predicted it would be the big Christmas toy of the year just like last year.
Well, anyway, the doctor said he will call my parents sometime this week with the results from the surgery. He was able to remove all of the excessive tissue but they still need to analyze the tissue to make sure it’s not anything serious. I told my parents to please treat me with a little more respect and maturity. It’s not right for them to withhold information the way they did and just spring a surgery on me like that. 
Wow, I’ve got to go. Mrs. Lovegood said time is up. I’m thinking I might start a journal at home. This was refreshing today.

Tuesday- November 27, 1984
My mouth is still swollen a little. Jake wasn’t here yesterday but he’s here today. He said I looked like I just got out of fist fight and I was the loser. Jesse hit him with her journal. He rubbed his head and asked me if I was okay. I told him yes then explained what happened. He actually was interested and sympathetic. He said, “Well, that just sucks. Your parents should have told you right away.”
I told him I had to go back tomorrow after school for follow up. He reached into his back pack and handed me his Coke. It was still cold. “I know it’s not much but it should help. Hold it up to your jaw. You can have it, Jacks.”
I’ve been emotional lately. My eyes watered but I was trying not to let Jake know how much that rare nice gesture meant to me. I held the can up to my jaw and it really felt good.

Wednesday- November 28, 1984
I’m nervous about going back to the doctor office. I should try to focus my thoughts on other things. Hmmm… yep, like Christmas. Raquel will be coming out in less than three weeks. She wanted to see me perform while she was out but there won’t be any competitions or anything during Christmas break. She thought I’d be in the Rose Parade on New Year’s morning. I had to explain to her that we had to win the right competitions to make it to the Rose Parade. She was disappointed but Jesse was talking about going and wanted to know if I would want to go with her and her family. I have to ask my mom.

Thursday- November 29, 1984
Well, the doctor said the tissue was benign. Right, like I was supposed to know what that meant. Of course I panicked but my dad put his arm around me and had a big smile on his face. He explained that it meant it wasn’t cancerous or anything to worry about. I felt a flood of relief. I heard my mom let out a big deep sigh. I hadn’t realized how hard it was on my mom.
The surgeon had to put what he called a button on my lower back tooth way in the back of my mouth. He said he had to put it there to ensure no other tissue would grow there. He explained that the orthodontist will remove it when they are ready to put the braces on. But, supposedly I can’t have braces for at least another six months just to make sure no other tissue decides to grow back. The button is just a metal circle thing that my tongue wants to play with.

Friday- November 30, 1984
TGIF! Jesse is going to spend the night at my house tonight. We are going to rent a bunch of movies, paint our toes and eat a bunch of junk food. I can’t wait.
Monday- December 3, 1984
It was a fun weekend. Jesse spent the night on Friday then I spent the night at her house on Saturday. One of her cousins came to visit while I was there. She’s the same age as we are. They were both teaching me Spanish. I still need a lot of help but it was fun trying to figure out what they were saying.
I also showed them how to make Stumpkins. They are little dolls made from nylon, stuffing, buttons and yarn. I learned how to make them in the seventh grade in a needle point class. I decided to make one for my sister for Christmas. I think I’ll make a Santa’s hat for it too.

Tuesday- December 4, 1984
My mouth is finally feeling normal. It’s still a little tender on the inside but feels a lot better. I talked to Raquel on the phone last night. I told her about the extra credit project for science. She said she will help me out with it when she comes out. I told her that I wanted to try mixing vinegar and baking soda together. She laughed at me. She said that it definitely will not create the slime but something else. She said not to try it until she was here. She made me promise so I can’t try it. Of course now I’m curious. But a promise is a promise. 
I don’t know. The way she laughed it’s as if she already tried it before and knew something bad would happen but the curious side of me wants to know. 
She said we would probably need flour and water or something like that… maybe make a sticky play dough or something. She said she will start looking up information at her library and talk to her science teacher.

Wednesday- December 5, 1984
Pete wanted to know if I would like to go to a movie with him this weekend. Doug over heard him asking me and dropped his cymbals on the band room floor. I don’t know if it was a coincidence or if he was perturbed by the request. When I looked at Doug his face was bright red. Pete’s eyes were wide and he had a stunned expression on his face. So how was I supposed to react to this?? I tilted my head and said, “Huh?”
Pete cleared his throat and shifted from one leg to the other. I have to admit he looked so cute. He shoved his glasses back atop his nose and licked his lips. He scratched his head, which I never noticed how thick and black his hair was. His eyes are light brown with thick lashes. If he let me pluck the hairs above his nose, his eye brows would be awesome. Well, instead of repeating his question he said, “Are you planning to go see any movies this weekend?”
What could I say? I just said, “Nah, I’m probably just going to hang out with my sister or Jesse. What about you?”
“Um… I don’t know.” 
Doug walked out of the band room in a hurry. 
So, I ask… what was that? Was it my imagination?? Did he just try to ask me out on a date?? Did I just blow the chance for a real date?? With a cute, nice guy?? Did Doug seem jealous?? What?? What???

Thursday- December 6, 1984
One of the snare drum players grabbed the gong mallet out of my hand and decided to beat another drummer up with it. Now they are both suspended for three days. Apparently they liked the same girl and were competing with each other. Tommy is mad and decided to cancel drum practice tonight. It’s not like the mallet is hard like a baseball bat or anything but the potential harm it could do and the violence of it all is overwhelming. It happened so fast too. What I want to know is… why my mallet?? Why not use the drum stick that was already in their hand?
We were supposed to practice for the Christmas concert a little more but… oh well.

Friday- December 7, 1984
Well, I just heard the latest rumor. The girl the two dummies were fighting over was… none other than…. Drum roll (ironic, isn’t it???) Jesse. Yes, my BFF. Why is the whole school after Jesse???? 

Monday- December 10, 1984
Eleven days until Raquel comes out!!! Can’t wait. It’s gonna be great! I can rhyme and I even try. Hehehe.

Tuesday- December 11, 1984
Pete keeps looking at me. What the heck?? Doug has been mean to me all day. He told me I was choking the cymbals at the wrong time then he said I crashed them too early. What’s up his butt??

Wednesday- December 12, 1984
Jesse said Doug thinks I think that I am better than he is. He is tired of me and Lily coming up with dance routines. He considers himself as a drummer and not a dancer. Why didn’t he just express himself to me and Lily rather than telling everyone else? He needs a journal. Maybe I will get him a notebook so he can start one for Christmas. 

Thursday- December 13, 1984
When is next Friday going to be here? It’s taking forever. I just want to hang out with my cousin. I’m tired of all the boy drama. They say girls are loaded with drama??? Yeah, right!

Friday- December 14, 1984
Jesse is supposed to be going out with the swimming god this weekend. She’s nervous about it and asked if I’d double date with her. I asked her who exactly she thought I would go on the date with. When she couldn’t answer I think she figured out I would not be going. She just depressed me.
We have the Christmas concert tonight in the gymnasium. I wonder how many people will actually show up to see it.

Monday- December 17, 1984
The concert went pretty well. It turned out to be a sold out event and raised a lot of money for the band. 
Pete sat next to me during lunch today. We ended up talking about a lot of nothing but you know what? It was fun. We were relaxed and just talked. It was nice. He wanted to know if we could go see a movie during Christmas break. I told him Raquel will have to go with us and he said it would be cool. 

Tuesday- December 18, 1984
Jesse was absent yesterday and today. I think I will call her after school to find out what’s going on. I hope she’s okay.

Wednesday- December 19, 1984
I talked to Jesse last night. She has strep throat and sounds worse than a frog!! 
Two days… my cousin will be here in two days. I started cleaning my room last night. I never realized how much paper was shoved underneath my bed. I washed a ton of clothes, folded them, and hung them up. I vacuumed and dusted. My room is ready.

Thursday- December 20, 1984
I’m going to take my journal with me on Christmas break. I don’t want to leave it here at school. Besides, I have grown close to it. It’s strange. I feel weird when I miss a day of writing in it. Mrs. Lovegood knew what she was talking about at the beginning of the year.

Friday- December 21, 1984
We are leaving for the Burbank airport at 6:00 tonight. Raquel’s flight should be here by 7:25. I can’t wait. Can’t wait, can’t wait!

Saturday- December 22, 1984
Well, I don’t have a whole lot of time to write. We are about to go to Disneyland. I’ll write more later.

Sunday- December 23, 1984
Going to the movies.

Monday- December 24, 1984
Well, while my parents were at work Raquel and I decided to try putting two cups of vinegar and two table spoons of baking soda in one of my mom’s plastic containers. At first nothing really happened. The baking soda just fizzed a little but then we decided to cover it with a lid and shake it up. The lid started to bulge. Raquel panicked and yelled at me to put it in the sink. I dropped it in the sink just in time because the container exploded. We both screamed a high pitched frightened scream as vinegar and baking soda splattered everywhere.
It took us a few minutes to realize what happened. Then we just doubled over in laughter. Sure, we were both covered with stinky vinegar but it was a moment we’d never soon forget.
So needless to say vinegar and baking soda does not make slime.

Tuesday- December 25, 1984
Merry Christmas!! Too much activity. No time to write. Lots of family coming over today. I gave my sister the Stumpkin I made with the Santa Hat. She laughed and gave me a big hug.

Wednesday- December 26, 2010
You know what? I’m an idiot! Raquel had a bottle of hair gel in her suit case. It was clear. I stared at it for a few minutes. Then I thought for a second. What if I add food coloring to it? I asked her to put a little bit of it in a cup and added green food coloring and guess what?? It looked and felt just like slime. Hehehe. Raquel gave me a high five.

Thursday- December 27, 1984
Pete called me. He wants to know if tonight would be a good night to go to the movies. Raquel was okay with it so I told him yes. Well, he brought his little brother with him. During the movie we sat right next to each other and shared popcorn. I thought he’d try to hold my hand or something during the movie but he didn’t. Afterwards we went our separate ways. I thought dates were supposed to include holding hands or a kiss on the cheek or something. I’m guessing this didn’t classify as a date. 
Raquel drilled me when we were home. She wanted to know if I liked Pete. She wanted to know how long I knew him, if I was close to him. She asked me if I ever kissed him. I told her we were just friends and left it alone. I didn’t bother answering any of her other questions. I started to wonder if it was true what Tommy said to me the night of our first Thursday night practice. Was I really just one of the guys? Would I always be just one of the guys?? I wondered if any of them ever realized I really was a female. I have female hormones and desires. I just didn’t know what to do with them.
Raquel thinks I’m cranky now. Maybe I am. She wants to know what I could possibly be writing in this journal that I can’t just come out and talk to her about. She said she feels hurt because she thought I tell her everything. I explained to her that I do tell her everything and that she was closer to me than my best friend. It’s just easier to express everything here rather than say it all out loud and face some sort of judgment. Maybe I don’t want the judgment. Maybe I don’t want to say the thoughts out loud. Maybe I just want to put it out to the universe as quietly as possible. I feel like I’m judged all the time.
At school I’m still a little kid because I’m short, skinny, no breast, frizzy hair and crooked teeth. I’m not exactly beautiful. My grades are just average. My friends are always mad at me for one reason or another. The band likes me one day then hates me the next. My mom and dad constantly keep secrets from me. My brother is always in a rush to get away from me. My sister feels I’m a pest because she can’t use the car unless she agrees to take me somewhere.
I know that I am on a whining whimpering streak right now but I ask this… do you blame me? I realize that things could be a lot worse for me. I realize there are a lot more people in the world who are probably worse off than I am but I just wonder… why couldn’t it be a little easier for me? It… it is my life.

Friday- December 28, 1984
Pete called me this morning. He wants to know if Raquel and I can come over to his house on New Year’s Eve. His mom and step-dad are throwing a party and he’s allowed to invite two friends. He chose me and Raquel. I can’t help but smile at that. He could have chosen any of the guys from the line but he chose me and my cousin. How cool is that?

Saturday- December 29, 1984
Boring day today. Nothing to write about.

Sunday- December 30, 1984
Another boring day.

Monday- December 31, 1984
I have no idea what I am going to wear tonight. Raquel said I should just wear black. I think I will. I have black jeans and a black t-shirt. That’s says simple yet classic. Right? Right.

Tuesday- January 1st, 1985
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! I can’t believe it’s 1985!! I’ll be fifteen this March. It’s only eight and a half weeks away. Well, I had so much fun at Pete’s house. His family is a riot. His mom kept telling Raquel and I stories about when he was a baby. She showed us a baby picture of him butt naked standing in a giant pumpkin. His hair was super long and curly, his eyes were big and bright. Too cute!! Around 11:30 Pete and I were outside on his patio deck in the back yard. We were watching the ripples in his pool by moonlight. It was nice. It was just the two of us for a little while. Then he took my hand and led me to the pool. We took our shoes and socks off and soaked our feet.
We talked about some of the guys on the line, some of the performances. He said he thought Lily and I will inspire more girls to join the line because of our cool dance moves. A part of me hoped it was true and yet another part of me hoped it wasn’t.
I have come to realize I kind of like being unique. I kind of like being only one of two girls on the line. I kind of feel protective of my guys, you know? I know it may not be true but I feel like all of the guys belong to me and I don’t want any girl to break their hearts. Sure they can be gross and lame sometimes but they are my guys. I hadn’t realized that I said all of this out loud to Pete. 
He smiled then admitted, “Yeah, I kind of feel that way about you and Lily. I feel protective of you too. I kind of see you as my girl.”
I looked at him and saw that he was serious but I didn’t have the opportunity to talk to him more about it. Raquel and Pete’s little brother just walked outside at the same moment. They had sparklers in their hands and told us it was time to move to the front yard. 
Pete’s dad had some fireworks he was planning to set off at exactly the stroke of midnight and wanted everyone to have sparklers in their hands. 
I’m sleepy now. It was an amazing night or rather morning. It was the best way to start off the New Year.

Wednesday- January 2, 1985
Jesse called me. She said she was on the channel 5 news yesterday. She wanted to know if I saw her. I didn’t. She got mad. She said she and a bunch of her family and friends slept in Pasadena to have the best view of the Rose Parade. They were the loudest and rowdiest bunch at the parade so the news crew interviewed them. She said she yelled a shout out to me but was mad to find out it was for nothing. She got even madder at me because I didn’t bother to watch the parade. She said, “How could you be in marching band and not watch the biggest parade in California? It could be the biggest in the US or maybe even the world.” When I said I thought the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York was larger she only got madder. She told me to call her when I wouldn’t piss her off. Like, how am I supposed to know when I’m not going to make her mad?? She’s always mad.

Thursday- January 3, 1985
Raquel has to go to the airport tomorrow. I don’t want her to go. I miss her already. We both were moping around today. Raquel asked me what my grades were like. I told her that I was barely a “C” average student. She was disappointed in me. “Don’t you want to go to college?”
I told her no. I told her I never really thought about it and didn’t see any reason to. I figured I’d get a job as a salesclerk or something. She looked at me hard. “Don’t you see the opportunities you have? Don’t you see you can be whatever you want to be? You live in a great city and go to a really good school. You need to take advantage of your opportunity. You can’t just sit back and let life pass you by. You have a chance to do great things Jacks. Open up your eyes and stop taking everything for granted.”
I didn’t know what to say to that. The words were true and from her heart. We haven’t talked much since.

Friday- January 4, 1985
Well, it’s ten thirty at night. Raquel’s plane will be landing in Louisiana in about thirty minutes. It seems so strange how someone you love can be here sitting right next to you in the morning and then clear across the country by night time. It just doesn’t seem right. 

Monday- January 7, 1985
Jesse brought a gigantic photo album to school today. It’s full of pictures of the Rose Parade floats, bands, and crazy people in the crowd. Everyone in the band room surrounded her and praised her. 
In science class I showed Mr. Reynolds my version of slime. You know… the hair gel with the green food coloring? Well, he said he’d give me five extra credit points for the effort. He said that wasn’t exactly what he was looking for but since he didn’t give specific instructions he’d give me some credit. Embarrassingly though he held up my slime and used it as an example of what not to do.
A few students asked him to tell them how to make it. He didn’t budge.

Tuesday- January 8, 1985
My mom and dad had a fight last night. I’m not sure what it was about but my dad walked out of their bedroom with a blanket and a pillow and slept on the couch. I was watching television but obviously I was being dismissed to my room when he stood there glaring at me with his arms crossed. I used the remote to turn the television off, kissed my dad on the cheek then rushed off to my room. I wonder how my parents have managed to stay married for twenty five years. 
I’m sure there’s a lot of stuff that I don’t know about them. I mean my mom was twenty five when she had me. That’s a whole lifetime of me not being around that she must have done crazy things or fun exciting things. I wonder if she saw herself as a mother of three and a wife. I wonder if my dad saw himself as a father and husband. I mean… did they plan this life? 
The house, work, kids, bills… is that what an adult is? I don’t think so. I think there is more to it than that. But what do I know?? I’m just a kid. 
What I wonder is will I be a mother? Will I be a wife? I can’t really visualize myself as a wife. I can see myself a mom though. I can’t see myself catering to a man or constantly on my toes, walking on egg shells. I just can’t lose myself in a man. But my sister says that when you fall in love, you give a big chunk of yourself to that person and you can never get that chunk back. Is it worth it? She also says you really can’t control who you fall in love with. It just happens and there is nothing you can do about it.

Wednesday- January 9, 1985
Mrs. Lovegood announced that she no longer needs to check our journals. She said she is confident we have all taken up journaling on our own and have now molded it into our daily lives. She doesn’t need to know that she is right, does she? Well, my parents seemed to be on speaking terms this morning. They didn’t exactly give each other a loving and warm embrace but they talked civilly to each other.

Thursday- January 10, 1985
Tommy announced that there will be a practice tonight along with a guest speaker. We were all ordered to be at practice or suffer the consequences. A few of us wanted to know what the consequences would be just out of curiosity but Tommy just gave us a mean glare. It’s just strange to me that he would feel he needed to threaten the line to show up to practice when none of us have ever missed a Thursday night practice. 

Friday- January 11, 1985
Well, the guest speaker was a motivational speaker. He talked about the importance of communication and how to put aside personal differences and make a team out of the line. Pete and I both rolled our eyes. Basically because two of the guys had the fight before Christmas break the whole drum line had to listen to the motivational speaker. 
When it was time for questions I surprised everyone by raising my hand. I asked, “Would it make more sense to ban each other from hitting each other?”
Tommy interrupted and said, “That goes without saying. We are a team, a unit. We should respect each other and treat each other as adults. Some of us will be legal adults in just a few months. Understand that you can get arrested for hitting a minor. Understand that violence is not the answer to anything. We need to work out our differences…”
“No one is allowed to touch my gong mallet,” I announced.
Pete, Lily and Doug laughed.
Tommy took me seriously and said, “Absolutely. Exactly… no one should abuse someone else’s instrument.”
A part of me wanted to laugh but I didn’t want to be disrespectful to Tommy when he was just trying to be mature about the whole thing. Besides I was ninety-nine percent sure that the music director and principal probably forced Tommy to invite the speaker to practice.
The two guys who had the fight were sitting next to each other and were quiet during the whole presentation. Suddenly I felt like grabbing my gong mallet and beating them both with it. Dummies!

Saturday- January 12, 1985
Jesse invited me to go shopping with her. Her grandmother gave her a ton of money as a late Christmas present and told her to use it to buy whatever she wanted. So we spent the whole day at the local mall. We got our toes professionally painted and shopped for clothes. Jesse bought me a bunch of bangle bracelets.

Monday- January 14, 1985
We have a drum competition this weekend in Irvine. My brother said he’d be one of the drivers. I was surprised. Even my parents and sister said they would go. Tommy found out and tried to be relaxed about it but couldn’t seem to hide his enthusiasm. Lily seems to be withdrawn. I think they had a fight or something. They’ve been together forever. I wonder if they are finally about to break up. I wonder if Lily will still be on the line if they broke up. I know that I used to wish she’d quit but that was before I got to know her. She’s really a wonderful person and we always have fun during practice. I hope they work it out and stay together for at least until the end of the year. I don’t want to end up being the only girl on the line. 


Tuesday- January 15, 1985
Jesse broke up with her Swim God and has been moping around all day. I asked her why she broke up with him and if she was just going to pout and mope the whole time. She told me I could be such a mean and cold person then said, “I would never expect for you to understand what I’m going through Jacks. You’ve never even gone on a date. What could you possibly know about love?”
I wanted to hit her. “If you’re hurting so much and miss him so much why don’t you ask him out again?”
She blew her nose in a tissue then almost yelled, “You just don’t understand.”
Jake picked that moment to say. “Hey Jesse, I heard you are available again. Wanna go out with me this weekend?”
I expected Jesse to say a quick no but instead she accepted Jake’s invitation. He was just as shocked as I was. I wanted to ask Jesse what she was thinking but didn’t want to ask right in front of Jake.

Wednesday- January 16, 1985
Well, I am not sure I will be able to play in the drum competition this weekend. When I was choking the cymbals during practice yesterday, I didn’t have the cymbals closed on the side that was near my chest and forearm. I ended up pinching my chest and forearm really bad. Here is what it felt like… it felt like fifty pounds pinching a chunk of skin from my chest and right forearm at the same time. I have a big cut, bruise and a gash. I screamed when it happened. Lily rushed to help me. Pete rushed to the cafeteria to get ice. Tommy just kind of stood there and watched everything happen. What was wrong with Tommy?? He used to care what happened to his drummers… to me.

Thursday- January 17, 1985
I’m bruised more than yesterday and in more pain. My mom gave me ibuprofen but I just don’t see how I will be well enough to play tonight or this weekend.  

Friday- January 18, 1985
Well, I went to practice last night but just watched everyone else practice. Tommy was cranky the whole time. He wanted to know if I was going to the competition tomorrow and if I was actually going to play or sit and watch. Lily told him to stop being a jerk and to stop taking out his frustration on me when he was really mad at her. Everyone kind of raised their eyebrows and waited for Tommy to say something in response but he didn’t say anything. I told him I’d be prepared to play just in case but if my arm was still hurting I wasn’t going to play. He just grunted.

Monday- January 21, 1985
The drum line placed second in the competition over the weekend. I was very proud of them even though I had to watch from the stands. Doug and Lily did a great job on their own. No one would be able to tell there was a missing cymbal player.

Tuesday- January 22, 1985
Jesse met Jake at the mall last weekend. During English class she said since he behaved in a respectful manner while they were out she gave him her phone number. She made him promise to crank call or use her phone number for any other annoying purposes. She also told him not to call before eight in the morning and to never call after nine thirty at night. Jake looked as if he had just won the lottery. He even gave me a big smile and thumbs up.

Wednesday- January 23, 1985
Great… just great! My throat hurts and my eyes feel so heavy. I just don’t feel right. 

Saturday- January 26, 1985
I had a really bad case of the flu but I am feeling a lot better now. At least I have no more fever. I’m just starting to cough a lot. I’m still sleepy though.

Monday- January 28, 1985
My mom wants to know if I want to have a party for my birthday. I told her I will need to think about it. The last time I had a party I completely embarrassed myself. I don’t know what happened. It’s like I get possessed or something and end up being super talkative and hyper and all kinds of embarrassing remarks fly out of my mouth and I can’t control it. I confess to all sorts of things. 
A long time ago Jake and a bunch of other guys from the football team actually went to my tenth birthday party and some of the cheerleaders. Of course that was before they were football players and cheerleaders but I had told Jake that he needed to stop running to me when ever he had a problem. I told him I couldn’t take care of all of his issues for the rest of his life. His expression was shock and hurt. Come to think of it I think that was the day everything changed between us. Geesh.
See. I don’t think I want a party. Lord only knows what I would end up saying if the all drummers showed up. What other friends would I hurt?

Tuesday- January 29, 1985
We have been asked to perform at a new mall this Saturday. Mr. Stevens told us it’s completely optional. My sister wants to check out the new mall so I guess I’m going. That means if my sister is going, Tommy is going and if he’s going, the whole line is going because where he goes, the line goes ‘cause… It’s the law.

Wednesday- January 30, 1985
Doug wanted to know if I thought he should try out for snare. I asked him why he would want to try to ditch me in the middle of the year. He said it has always been his dream to play the snare. He never wanted to play cymbals. He wanted to play a real instrument. I know my face turned red, I could feel heat rise in my throat. I told him, “Cymbals are the much needed accent to all of our performances. They add to the crescendos! They add the ummph needed. When the drill team and color guard do their high kicks it’s usually when we crash the cymbals. We keep the time when we choke, we add the zest! How can you stand there and tell me Cymbals aren’t a real instrument!”
He stared at me for a while blinking his eyes. “You really believe that, don’t you?” He asked me seriously.
“Yes!” I shouted with passion and determination. I also didn’t want to be the only cymbal player. I had a feeling that Lily would be dropping out soon. She was fed up with Tommy’s controlling and bossy ways. The only reason she was on the line was because she was Tommy’s girl. 
“Well, just so you know. I’m not playing them next year. I’m moving up. Whether I’m playing the snares or the bass drum… I’m playing a real instrument.”
“Cymbals are real instruments!!” I yelled and the whole band room heard. A few people laughed but a couple of people clapped. Pete grinned at me from way across the other side of the band room. I needed air so I just “marched” right out of room.

Thursday- February 1, 1985
Jake and Jesse are getting on my nerves. They were holding hands during English class. They look like two puppies but not in a cute way. I want to start shooting spit wads at them now.

Friday- February 2, 1985
While we were on break from drum practice last night, Greg, one of the bass drum players sat on me and farted. Of course the whole line thought it was funny. When I got up I took a sip of my Coke, burped and blew it in his face. I know the fart was worse but I felt I accomplished something because the whole line laughed at Greg’s expression after I did it.
I know Greg did it only because I’m the smallest one on the line and I couldn’t get away fast enough. Plus everyone was bored so he wanted to do something to make everyone laugh.
Pete patted me on the back and told me he was proud of the burp. It was nice, loud and smelled like Coke.
Anyway, Tommy made up a new cadence for us to play that he wants us to try this weekend at the mall. We are supposed to grunt obnoxiously when he says, “Oh.”
I’m thinking… oh brother.

Saturday- February 3, 1985
After we performed at the mall yesterday, Pete started talking to some girl with curly black hair and blue eyes. She was a lot taller than me and had boobs and hips. She had these really cool silver hoop earrings on too. My mom won’t let me wear hoop earrings, only studs. Anyway, he looked nervous yet had this confidence about him that I had never seen before. 
He was cute in a dorky kind of way. The girl ended up giving him her phone number. I felt the back of my eyes sting but I blinked it away. I put my cymbals away and searched for my sister. 
She was talking to Tommy. Lily was standing close by with her arms crossed and a big frown.
I told my sister I wasn’t feeling well and asked if she could take me home. She complied.

Monday- February 4, 1985
Geesh, Valentines is in ten days. Yippie. Another year without a real Valentine.

Tuesday- February 5, 1985
The drum line gets to play at the next basketball game. We get in free. Woo hoo!

Wednesday- February 6, 1985
Raquel called me yesterday. She wanted to know how my grades are. I asked her why I needed to tell her my grades. It’s not like she’s my mom or anything. She said, “Well, that just tells me you are still just getting bad grades. Jacks, you need to start taking school seriously. It’s the only way you can get into college.”
She was driving me crazy with the whole college thing but I knew she was right. She’s always right. It’s annoying. 
I have to talk to my school counselor in a couple of weeks anyway. I might as well get mentally prepared.

Thursday- February 7, 1985
I just found out that Pete had a date with that girl from the mall. Greg was the one who told me. For some reason Greg seemed a little too happy to tell me. Doug seemed to be a little too happy about Pete’s love life too. Am I the only one who is annoyed?

Friday- February 8, 1985
I’m going to the basketball game tonight. I love basketball. It’s one of the few sports I can actually understand. Plus the guys are so… soo…. What’s the word?? Manly. Yeah, that’s it. They are manly.

Saturday- February 9, 1985
Oh my gosh!! I had so much fun last night. Even though Jesse didn’t have to play her saxophone, she sat next to me in the stands with the rest of the drummers. Jake was there and we were cracking jokes and it felt like old times. Jesse has lightened up a bit since she’s started dating Jake. Jake seems happy too. I’m happy for them.
Greg kept touching my hair for what ever reason. I had it curly and he kept pulling on a curl and letting it bounce back and each time he would say, “Cool.” Doug kept giving Greg the evil eye. Pete’s girl showed up but I didn’t let it bother me.
He didn’t wear his glasses last night. He said his mom took him to get contacts. His eyes are so beautiful. He should have had the contacts a long time ago. I tried not to stare at him but it was hard not to. His girl noticed I was looking at him and gave me a mean look. If I were taller and stronger I would have jumped her.
Lily surprised me by saying she wanted to T.P. Tommy’s car and wanted to know if I would help her. I asked her why she would want to do something like that and she only said, “He has it coming to him.” She looked wicked but I grinned and said ok. 
She already came prepared and had a big bag of toilet paper and even fake barf to put on the inside of his car. Greg over heard our conversation and said he wanted in on it too. The next thing we knew all of the drummers wanted to participate. The sad thing is that Tommy was sitting in the stands the whole time we were talking about it. 
We needed someone to distract Tommy long enough so that we could accomplish our mission. Jake said he’d distract him. At first Jesse was trying to talk everyone out of it but then submitted to the peer pressure and decided to join us. After we performed at half time Jake asked Tommy to walk with him. As soon as they were out of sight all of us ran to the parking lot. Jesse opened his car door and stuck the fake vomit on the driver’s seat. “That’s what he gets for not listening to me and not locking his car doors.” The rest of us started to wrap his dark green Honda in toilet paper. One of the guys had a plastic glove in his pocket and blew it up, tied it and stuck it on his antennae. We were done in less than five minutes. We made a mad dash back to the gym. Jake and Tommy were just heading back to the stands when we got back.
After the game we all followed Tommy and Lily to the parking lot. Tommy was suspicious. When he saw his car his mouth dropped wide open and then he rose his hands in the air, “What the f…!!” He whirled around and we scattered off in a run, laughing.
Lily remained standing next to him with her hand over her mouth pretending to be shocked but she was giggling. Tommy swiftly removed the toilet paper and the glove. When he saw the vomit he yelled more curse words. We were watching him behind bushes. He kept cursing as he unlocked his car, plugged his nose and tried to get a better look. Finally he realized it was fake and picked it up. He yelled, “You guys suck!!!” But a few seconds later he finally started laughing. 

Monday- February 11, 1985
Where oh where are you my Valentine?

Tuesday- February 12, 1985
I asked my mom if I could get all of the drummer’s candy for Valentines. She made a weird face but said it was okay. So we went to the store and I bought Hershey’s candy bars for each of the guys and Lily too. 

Wednesday- February 13, 1985
My sister has a big date tomorrow with some guy from her art class. Lily is going out with Tommy. Jesse is going out with Jake. Pete is going out with Mall Girl. I think Doug even has a date. Big whoop!

Thursday- February 14, 1985
I opened my locker this morning and found a Hallmark Valentine’s day card. Someone slid it through the cracks. They didn’t write a name just signed it, “Love, your Secret Valentine.” They underlined the word “love” twice. I got mad. Why would someone do this?? Why would someone mess with me like this? I knew it was just a joke. It was a mean vicious joke. A bunch of people knew that I didn’t have a Valentine so they thought it would be funny to give me this. I slammed my locker shut then ripped up the card and tossed the shredded bits into the trash. Maybe the person who gave it to me was somewhere watching me and saw how angry I was. Maybe that would show them not to mess with me.
I had the bag of Hershey bars in my hand but I wasn’t sure I wanted to give it to the drummers. What if they all were in on it and decided to put the card in my locker? Well, as the day went on I relaxed a bit then started thinking… well… What if it was true?? What if someone really did like me and put it there because they are just as introverted as I was?? I doubted it but couldn’t it be possible??
I decided to pass out the candy bars during lunch. All the guys gave me a hug as I gave them the candy bar. I kind of had my Valentines after all. 

Friday- February 15, 1985
Jesse asked me if I received a Valentine in my locker. I told her about the card and about me shredding it to pieces and tossing it in the trash. She was shocked and her eyes went wide. She told me that someone seriously liked me and asked her to put it there for them. I frowned. I didn’t know how to feel about it. Was Jesse joking? I asked her if she wasn’t joking to tell me who it was.
She put her hands on her hips and sputtered off some Spanish then sighed one of her heavy sighs and said, “I can’t tell you. I made a promise and I don’t break promises.”
“Then I don’t believe you. I don’t need a sympathy Valentine, okay.” 
This only caused Jesse to start moving her head side to side and yell, “You psycho. Loca, how in the world are you ever going to find Mr. Right if all you do is push people away? Paranoid…” then she sputtered off more Spanish.
I just turned and walked away. Of course her declaration of me being a psycho woman got to me. Was she right? What if it was a sincere Valentine? Do I really want to be with someone who didn’t bother to truly come forward and express themselves? Psttt… no.

Monday- February 18, 1985
My mom asked me again if I wanted to have a birthday party. I told her no because of how I behaved last time I had a party. She said I have a week to change my mind. She said she needs lots of time to plan and would prefer to buy everything a few weeks in advance so she doesn’t spend a whole lot of money all at one time. Plus she needed to give Dad plenty of warning so he could get mentally prepared.
This pretty much told me they preferred for me to NOT have one. Why would I want to cause so much stress??? Geesh. 

Tuesday- February 19, 1985
I see my school counselor tomorrow. Not sure how to feel about that.

Wednesday- February 20, 1985
I met with my counselor Mrs. Raven. She’s shorter than I am and has thick gray hair and thick glasses. She’s mean. If I could start a fire with my eyes I would have set her on fire. She started off with a fake smile and then did a speech about the time is now to start planning for my college future. She basically gave the same speech Raquel gave me. She asked me what colleges I was interested in attending. Honestly I wasn’t interested but I said, “UCLA or USC.” I only said it because they were the college’s Jesse kept talking about a couple of weeks ago. 
Mrs. Raven’s lips met each other in a straight stiff line. She glanced down at my thick school file and pointed out my latest grades. “You’re headed straight to community college young lady.”
I clenched my teeth and tried to give her my evil eye. I imagined her whole office igniting in flames and me flying away safely.
She went on to tell me I should obtain a tutor and meet with them two to three times a week in the school library. She gave me a bunch of motivational pamphlets on good study habits and how to take better notes. Why did I have to meet with her anyway? Wasn’t she supposed to be on my side? Wasn’t she supposed to make me feel better about myself and not worse??

Thursday- February 21, 1985
Tommy cancelled practice for tonight. The guys want to go to the movies. I have to ask my mom though.

Friday- February 22, 1985
A bunch of us went to go see the movie, “Breakfast Club” last night then went out for pizza. 

Monday- February 25, 1985
I’m hungry. It’s cold outside. It’s gumbo weather. Maybe I can talk my mom into making some this weekend.

Tuesday- February 26, 1985
My mom agreed to make gumbo for my birthday and I can invite Jesse over to spend the night. It’s only two weeks away.

Wednesday- February 27, 1985
I found my sister’s old mallets (they are kind of like drum sticks except with big balls at the tips) that she used when she played the xylophone. She is letting me borrow them so I can practice drum rolls. She said that over the summer if I don’t get on her nerves she will teach me how to read sheet music. She promised me it will be our little secret. I don’t want anyone on the line to know that I am practicing. I don’t want to get my hopes up anyway. It would be pretty cool though if I could come back next year as a xylophone or marimba player.

Thursday- February 28, 1985
Jesse wants to come over this weekend and do my hair. I asked her what exactly did she plan on doing to it. She said she wanted to use a hot oil treatment in it, blow dry it straight and then use a big fat curling iron on it to make it super straight and shiny. I just said ok so she can stop bugging me.

Friday- March 1, 1985
We had a mud football game during our break at drum practice last night. I am proud to say no one could catch me this time. I was a little more prepared this time around. I even made a touch down. I didn’t realize I made it but hey, I made it! Eeee!

Monday- March 4, 1985
I have been getting compliments all day on my hair. Jesse did a great job straightening it. I wish it could be this straight all of the time. Greg was the only one who frowned and told me he liked it curly instead. Doug just smiled.

Tuesday- March 5, 1985
I will officially be fifteen in five days!

Wednesday- March 6, 1985
My brother is going to come and stay with us this weekend. He said he’d take me and Jesse to the movies and lunch on Saturday. Jake invited himself over on Sunday since that is the day of my actual birthday. I asked him if he was going to get me a present and he said, “Me coming over is your present.” I laughed.

Thursday- March 7, 1985
Mr. Stevens announced that the band has been invited to perform at Disneyland in two weeks. We will have free admission to the park! Of course we all screamed and jumped around. Tommy was the only one who looked serious. He said in his deep authoritative voice, “That means we practice for real tonight. No horsing around.”
One of the guys asked just as seriously, “When do we horse around?”
I wanted to laugh but Tommy gave everyone his evil eye. Lily just rolled her eyes and crossed her arms.

Friday- March 8, 1985
It’s officially my birthday weekend! Eeeee! Jesse is going to come straight to my house after school. Her mom is going to drop off her bag of clothes later tonight.

Monday- March 11, 1985
Eeeeee!! My dad walked in the house on Saturday with a tiny Chihuahua puppy for me. I never realized I wanted a Chihuahua until I saw Tico! Yep, I named him Tico. He’s light brown and has white on his chest and paws… with a little bit of white on his head. Some tan around his nose. Of course he has the big brown eyes that melt my heart whenever I look at him. I’m in love. 
Jesse said he looks more like a rat than a dog. She asked my dad if he was sure it really was a puppy. My dad just laughed. He said he got it from a friend at work whose dog just had five puppies. Tico was one of them and apparently the runt out of the bunch. We will be taking him to the vet soon to get his shots and check up.
My sister was mad because she wanted a dog a long time ago but never got one. My brother said, “Of course the baby get’s what she wants.” I was too happy to get mad at either one of them.
Jake appeared on my door step on Sunday afternoon with a bag of M&M’s. He handed it to me and said, “Happy Birthday Jacks” then gave me a hug. Then he saw Tico and said, “It’s a rat!” Jesse laughed. I threatened to kick him out.
It was a great birthday. My mom made the gumbo as she promised plus a pineapple coconut cake. We had vanilla ice cream too. Ahhh… what an awesome birthday!

Monday- March 11, 1985
The drummers sang Happy Birthday to me as soon as I walked into the band room this morning. Greg gave me a carnation and a birthday card. Doug gave me a little stuffed panda and a bag of Hershey kisses. Lily passed out cupcakes to all of the drummers and gave me a pink t-shirt that said, “Cymbal Players Rock!” She gave a blue one to Doug too.

Tuesday- March 12, 1985
Tico hacked all over me today. I didn’t know that eating grass would make a dog throw up. Now I know. It was gross. Can I train a dog not to eat grass?? My dad said it’s natural. He said dogs chew on grass when they have an upset stomach and will always throw up. They do it so they can feel better. I wonder if that is what that ipecac stuff is made of. It’s that stuff my mom keeps in the medicine cabinet in case she ever needs to induce vomiting. Anyway, Tico’s stomach was making weird sounds but after he hurled it didn’t make the noise anymore.

Wednesday- March 13, 1985
I’ve got the my-birthday-is-over blues. I’m not so special anymore.

Thursday- March 14, 1985
Pete told me he may be breaking up with Mall Girl but he doesn’t want to hurt her feelings. I told him he’s only hurting them both if he stays with her when he really doesn’t want to be with her. Plus I don’t want her to go to Disneyland. I didn’t tell Pete that last part though. Was that selfish of me?

Friday- March 15, 1985
Jesse told me she might join the drum line next year. She wants to play the xylophone. I wanted to tell her that I was planning to play the xylophone but changed my mind. I didn’t even know how to read music yet so I knew my chances weren’t that great. My drum rolls have improved a lot though.

Saturday- March 16, 1985
Pete invited me and Jesse over to his house to go swimming and a few of the guys from drum line. Tommy heard about it and invited the whole line because we are all supposed to stick together, “It’s the law.” 
I could tell that Pete was mad but of course he didn’t say anything to contradict Tommy. I don’t think Pete actually wanted to invite Tommy over either. It just sort of happened. Then of course Jake had to come because he wasn’t about to allow Jesse to be around twelve hormonal boys.
Greg decided to do a cannon ball and it seemed as though half of the water in the pool splashed out. Pete cursed him out because the patio furniture got soaking wet. Lily and I stared at Pete when he finally took his t-shirt off before jumping in the pool. She whispered to me, “Somebody has started going to the gym.” 
I just said, “Daaaang.” I had to force myself to blink a few times. 
“Doug told me Pete’s going to try out for the wrestling team next year and might not come back to the drumline.”
I gasped. I felt betrayed but still I couldn’t keep my eyes off of Pete.
I decided not to get in the pool. Instead I stayed in my shorts and t-shirt. The guys didn’t need to see me in my one piece swim suit that made me look like the little girl I was. Lily and Jesse on the other hand were bouncing around in their little bikini’s with their big breasts sticking way out for all the guys to stare at. The guys played chicken in the pool with the girls on the shoulders of Tommy and Jake. 
I soon wanted to go home but was obligated to stay at the same time because, “it was the law.”

Monday- March 18, 1985
Doug pinched me on the butt this morning he said it was for not wearing green. I yelled at him, “St. Patrick’s Day was yesterday and do I look Irish??” 
He smiled. Then Greg hit me on he butt with a chalkboard eraser so I had to walk around campus with chalk all over my butt no matter how much I tried to wipe it off, it stayed.
Then Pete thought it would be funny to put chalk all over his hands then smack me in the butt! So I had a big hand print on my butt.
What was up with the guys and my butt??
When I talked to Jesse about it she giggled. “The guys were talking about you when you went inside to go to the bathroom. They all unanimously agreed you have a nice butt.”
I blinked for a few seconds then smiled a huge smile. I finally have a body part I can be proud of.
Jesse laughed and put an arm around me. “Ah, chica, you’re so loco.”

Tuesday- March 19, 1985
Mr. Stevens went over the rules of behavior for our Disneyland trip this Saturday. We are to remain in groups of four. We are to maintain agreed amount of contact with our designated adult chaperone. Bring enough money for lunch and behave in a respectful manner because anything and everything we do will reflect directly on the school band, which will then reflect on him. He finished by saying he wanted us to have a great time especially since it was free.

Wednesday- March 20, 1985
Tico sat on my lap the whole time I was doing homework. He’s so cute!

Thursday- March 21, 1985
Mrs. Raven called me into her office and asked me if I visited the school library yet to sign up for a tutor. When I told her no she forced me to walk with her to the library and sign up. Well, Jesse told me at the end of the day that she will be my tutor. Crap! I didn’t want it to be someone I know!! I was hoping for a stranger. Crap! Now Jesse is sure to be on me all the time!!

Friday- March 22, 1985
I have to go to Jesse’s house to study for a science test that will be on Monday. What kind of crap is that?? Jesse had the nerve to call my mom and gave her a list of all the tests that were scheduled for the upcoming week. Why do I have to have a brainiacatic best friend as a tutor??? Why??? She’ll probably make me study on the bus tomorrow too. Crap!!

Monday- March 25, 1985
Yep, Jesse made me study on the bus. I tried to tell her I couldn’t read while on the bus but she didn’t believe me. 
When we were finally at Disneyland though, I had a lot of fun. Pete, Greg, Jesse and I hang out together. We went on all of the big rides. When we were on Space Mountain Pete screamed like a girl which made me and Jesse crack up. We rode the canoes. Jesse and I were smart enough to sit behind the guys and started splashing them with water. It just started a big water war! By the end of the ride everyone who was on the canoe was soaking wet.
Pete held my hand for a little while when no one was looking. It felt comfortable. I wanted to kiss him but didn’t. I was too chicken to start it. Honestly I didn’t know what to do anyway.
When we got back on the bus Jess was back into tutoring mode and asked me a gazillion questions for the test. She pretty much deflated my happy Disney cheerful mood.

Tuesday- March 26, 1985
Pete was talking to Mall Girl today. I wanted to scratch her eyes out. Can’t Pete see through her phoniness? Can he see? Yes she has thick beautiful black hair and big blue eyes. Yes, she has perfect teeth and boobs but can’t he see that that stuff doesn’t matter? Doesn’t he see that it’s the deep profound conversations that matter? It’s the silly jokes and burping competitions that matter?? Burping?? Farting??? Right, I’m just one of the guys, right? Geesh.

Wednesday- March 27, 1985
Tico is the only loyal guy in my life. He’s the only one who loves me. Okay, so maybe my dad and brother love me but they don’t count. It’s official, Tico is the only man in my life.

Thursday- March 28, 1985
Stupid Mall Girl.

Friday- March 29, 1985
Why is Jesse my tutor!!!???

Saturday- March 30, 1985
I can’t even pretend not to be home because my mom and Jesse are in cahoots. Even Raquel is in on it. I talked to her this morning and she told me to listen to Jesse and my mom. I’m not talking to her for a while.

Monday- April 1, 1985
Jesse told me that Pete broke up with Mall Girl this morning. Immediately my brain thought it was an April Fool’s joke. Jesse rolled her eyes and said, “Chica, stop it. Why don’t you ever believe me?”
“Because you can never back anything up! Like the Valentine. Yeah, some mystery dude likes me. Sure. Now you tell me Pete just happened to break up with his girlfriend on April Fools.”
“Arghh… you drive me crazy!” Then she walked away.

Tuesday- April 2, 1985
Um… Pete really did break up with Mall Girl. He told me himself. I asked him why but he never had the chance to answer me because a bunch of the drummers walked into the band room at that moment. When they walk into a room there is no such thing as silence.

Wednesday- April 3, 1985
I had to keep hearing Jesse tell me, “I told you so” over and over and over again. Then she told me she was coming over my house to help me with Math and another Science test.

Thursday- April 4, 1985
Well, now I don’t feel so bad about my attempt with slime. Someone brought green play dough into class and thought they could convince Mr. Reynolds it was slime. Instead Mr. Reynold’s threatened to deduct five points from their current class score.

Friday- April 5, 1985
Pete wants to go to a movie with just the two of us this weekend. I have to ask my mom who will tell me to ask Dad. He’s the one who will say no.

Saturday- April 6, 1985
Well, my dad said no but then my mom talked him into a double date. I told her it wasn’t a date and she rolled her eyes. Jesse and Jake have to go with us. I told Pete and he was cool with it. But then he called me later to say he couldn’t go because his aunt had an emergency and needed him to watch the kids. I’m not sure whether I believe him or not.

Sunday- April 7, 1985
Happy Easter!! Jesse and I ended up at the same mass at church today. She talked me into helping out with the Easter Egg hunt. Right after mass, we were given a big basket of plastic eggs and had to hide them somewhere on the parish lawn. As soon as we were done, we told the priest and he announced it was time for the kids to go outside and begin the hunt. 

Monday- April 8, 1985
Jesse is afraid of Tico. She came by last night and is convinced that he tried to attack her. My sister thinks Tico is just jealous of Jesse and doesn’t want her in the house. I was in the bathroom when the supposed attack took place. I don’t think Tico would hurt anyone without a good reason. Jesse probably flicked him with her finger or something and thought she could get away with it. Of course she’s mad at me now because she says I believe a dog over her.

Tuesday- April 9, 1985
Why is Jesse my tutor?!?!
I tried to talk to her about an incident that happened in Science class but she shushed me. She actually said, “Shhhh… focus. Read the chapter like I told you to then tell me what you read.”
I wanted to slap her. Am I allowed to slap a tutor? We weren’t on school property so it probably would have been okay. Except that I think Jesse would have jumped on me and then proceed to punch the crap out of me.
I wanted to talk to my best friend about stuff going on at school. I didn’t want to focus on school work. This tutoring business bites!!

Wednesday- April 10, 1985
Pete has been avoiding me all week long. Why? What did I do?

Thursday- April 11, 1985
I can’t believe Pete!!! He’s back again with MALL GIRL!!! I give up on him!!!

Friday- April 12, 1985
Since I got a “B” on my last science test my mom and Jesse are giving me a break on studying this weekend. BUT, Tommy announced we have a drum competition tomorrow in Camarillo. So much for thinking I had a free weekend! I had promised Tico I’d take him for a walk too.

Monday- April 15, 1985
We placed first in the drum competition on Saturday. Greg and Doug hung out with me so I didn’t have to face Pete.
My dad was cranky all weekend because they had to pay an accountant an “outlandish sum of money” to have their taxes done at the last minute only to find out they owe both the state and the federal government. 
Pete is once again avoiding any form of contact with me. Coward!

Tuesday- April 16, 1985
Spring is in the air!! I keep seeing hummingbirds and butterflies. It’s such a beautiful time of the year!

Wednesday- April 17, 1985
Crap! My hay fever is acting up!! My throat is itchy and scratchy. My nose is red and my eyes are swollen and enlarged. Jesse says I look like a blow fish. I sneezed so loud in English class that Mrs. Lovegood jumped and put a hand over her heart. She asked me if I needed to go see the nurse. I told her it was just allergies. She asked me again if I needed to see the nurse. I think she just wanted to get rid of me.

Thursday- April 18, 1985
If I just look at a flower I sneeze.

Friday- April 19, 1985
Pete invited the whole line to his house again for a pool party. I’m not going. I can’t take it anymore. Why is he doing this to me?? I mean didn’t he tell me a few months ago that he kind of considered me as his girl? Did he just tell me that so I wouldn’t go out with any other guy?? But then of course, it’s not like I have options. It’s not like I have guys lining up to ask me out or anything. BUT why did he hold my hand that day? Why does he ask me out to the movies every once in a while? Why does he make it seem like we could be boyfriend and girlfriend only to run back to Mall Girl?
What hold does Mall Girl have on Pete? My grandma would say the girl must have put a spell on him. But Grandma would believe it. 

Monday- April 22, 1985
Tommy cornered me in the band room, pointed a drum stick at me and asked, “Why did you break the law?” Thankfully Lily was standing right behind him and smacked him across the back side of his head. He backed away from me and rubbed his head where Lily hit him. 
“Ignore him.”
“Did Mall Girl show up to Pete’s pool party?”
Lily frowned, “Yep.”
“Then I’m glad I didn’t go.”
Lily nodded in agreement.

Tuesday- April 23, 1985
Jake told me he was planning a surprise birthday party for Jesse and asked me to let the drummers know. It’s supposed to be this Saturday at 7 pm. His house. I told him okay and asked if he needed me to bring anything. He told me no just the drummers.

Wednesday- April 24, 1985
Lily told me Pete was planning to bring Mall Girl to the party. Well, good thing Jake’s house is enormous. There will be plenty of places for me to go wherever Pete and Mall Girl aren’t.

Thursday- April 25, 1985
Tutoring, tutoring, tutoring and more tutoring!!!

Friday- April 26, 1985
Can I just get out of school already???

Saturday- April 27, 1985
I don’t know what I am going to wear to the party. This isn’t just a band party. There are going to be football players and cheerleaders there. You know, the super cool kids. My dad doesn’t want me to go now that he knows football players are going to be there. My sister told him I needed to go since Jesse was my best friend. She also said that Dad needed to trust that he raised a good daughter.
My sister helped me pick out a simple pair of jeans and a decent t-shirt. She let me borrow her silver hoop earrings but told me to wait til I was at the party to put them on and to be sure to take them off before Mom picked me up. She also let me borrow her mascara and lip gloss. My mom was okay with me putting on mascara. She even said she’d take me on Sunday to pick up my own. My dad didn’t want me to wear any makeup at all.

Sunday- April 28, 1985
Well, Jesse was surprised. She said she almost pee’d in her pants when she walked in the door and everyone shouted, “Surprise!” Pete was in a corner near the snack table kissing Mall Girl almost the entire time! He still hasn’t looked me directly in the eye for over a month!!

Monday- April 29, 1985
Jesse is tutoring me today. Yippie.

Tuesday- April 30, 1985
Well, guess what? I was sitting in the band room waiting for Jesse all alone when Pete walked in the room all alone. He literally froze when he realized the two of us were alone. I rolled my eyes, crossed my arms and took a deep breath. “You know what kind of guy you are going to be as an adult Pete?”
He sighed but didn’t answer.
“You’re going to marry the wrong woman then be miserable. You aren’t going to divorce her but tease other women or maybe even have a ton of mistresses.” 
He looked at me sadly.
“But I’ll never be one of them.”
He lowered his head in shame.  

Wednesday- May 1, 1985
I have to think of an awesome and amazing gift for my mom for Mother’s day. Jesse said there is a ceramic store where we can personalize our own ceramic thing with paint then they sand blast it. So I was thinking I can paint my mom a pair of coffee mugs and saucers. I asked my dad for money and he grumpily handed me a wad of cash and said since it was for Mom I could use as much as I needed but had to promise to give him all of his change back. Jesse and I plan to go to the store on Friday after school.

Thursday- May 2, 1985
Jesse is mad at Jake. She went with him to a restaurant with his family and caught him staring at a waitress. Jake told me that she started yelling at him in Spanish right there in the restaurant. The waitress understood what she was saying and started to yell back at her in Spanish as well. She threw a forkful of rice and beans at Jake. His mom was appalled by her behavior but apparently Jake’s little sister followed Jesse’s lead and threw bits of Tamale at Jake. Jake got mad at his sister so dumped Sprite in her lap. Well, they all made the local newspaper and are now banned from one of the best Mexican restaurants in town.
Jesse sent Jake’s mom flowers and a card to apologize but refuses to talk to Jake.

Friday- May 3, 1985
Jake has been pouting throughout English class. A few of the guys from the football team asked me to talk to Jesse. I told them I’d try but it might just make things worse.

Saturday- May 4, 1985
Jesse and I went to the ceramic store last night and I painted the mugs and saucers for my mom. They will be ready for pick up on Thursday. I hope my mom likes them.

Monday- May 6, 1985
Tico learned how to roll over and sit. He also knows where his bed is. Whenever I say, “Go to bed.” He makes a mad dash for his little bed that’s in my room. 

Tuesday- May 7, 1985
Pete has finally started looking me in the eye. He may not be talking to me but at least he finally has the guts to look at me. Geesh. 
Tommy told us we have a drum competition in Agoura next Saturday. Lily said she won’t be able to make it because it’s her grandmother’s birthday and there is no possible way she can miss it. So it’s just me and Doug. I asked Doug how his drum practices have been going. He looked excited and smiled big. He told me it was going so well he just might make snare next year. 
I wasn’t sure if it was true or not but I didn’t want to challenge him. 
My sister said that my drum rolls were really good. She suggested that I practice with two mallets in each hand. I was hoping she would have time to start teaching me how to read sheet music before the summer but she’s overloaded with college studies and work.
I asked her if she liked college. She said it’s the same as high school except you can come and go as you please.
My grades have improved a lot ever since Jesse has been tutoring me. I want to get her a present at the end of the school year for all of her help. I have been getting B’s and C’s. She says she will continue to tutor me until I get A’s and B’s. I don’t know if I can keep her as a tutor for that long. But then again since she and my mom are in cahoots I doubt that I have much of a choice in the matter.

Wednesday- May 8, 1985
Jake finally apologized to Jesse sincerely today. Jesse accepted his apology then practically jumped in his lap. Both Jake and Jesse want to go to the drum competition this weekend to cheer us on. 
Doug had a minor panic attack. He said he doesn’t know if he can do the show with out Lily. I wanted to yell at him and ask him what kind of crap was that?! But of course I didn’t. He said he’s always had Lily on his right side and has always depended on her being there. Basically he was telling me that he was always following or copying her move and not really knowing when or what he was truly supposed to do. 
I yelled at him. I couldn’t help it. “You’ve been with the line for nine months and you’re telling me you never learned your part? You don’t know what you are supposed to do?! What kind of crap is that?”
He was nervous and had a pleading look in his eyes. I must have gotten a little louder than I planned. I didn’t want to embarrass him. I just wanted to hit him. 
I finally calmed down after a few breaths and told him, “You can just follow me, okay?”
He sniffed but said, “Okay.”
“We’ll work on it tomorrow night at practice, okay?”
“Okay.”

Thursday- May 9, 1985
Jesse and I will be picking up the mugs and saucers from the ceramic store today after school. I can’t wait to see how they came out! 

Friday- May 10, 1985
The mugs came out beautiful. I painted them peach with white daisies on them. I think my mom is going to love it. I hope so anyway. 
Doug seemed much more relaxed after practice. Lily didn’t bother to come last night since she already knew she would not be at the competition. Of course, Tommy was crabby the whole time. 

Sunday- May 12, 1985
We placed first at the competition again. Jessie and Jake seemed more excited than we were. Jake was cheering so loudly that his voice turned into a frog voice by the end of the night. He said it was more exciting than a football game. I get the feeling he enjoyed it so much because of Jesse. I don’t think it had anything to do with the musical talent of the drummers.
Since it’s Mother’s Day, my sister and I made my mom and dad spaghetti, garlic bread, salad and a carrot cake for dessert. My brother arrived with his appetite, jokes and a big bouquet of flowers.
My mom loved the mugs and saucer I gave her. My sister gave her a photo album. My mom enveloped us with hugs and kisses. 

Monday- May 13, 1985
Doug gave me a ding dong at lunch time today. He said it was a thank you gift for helping him out at the competition. Greg smacked the ding dong out of my hand and said it was an accident. How can reaching out and deliberately smacking my hand hard be an accident? I was soooo mad!! I really wanted the ding dong! 
Doug told Greg to go to the student snack shack and buy me a new one or buy anything else I wanted. Greg shrugged his shoulders and said, “No.”
I could tell Doug wanted to hit Greg and was doing everything in his power not to. He glanced over at me and said, “Sorry. I’ll go get you a new one.”
Greg put his hands on his hips and said, “No! I’ll do it.”
I can’t figure guys out. I just don’t understand them.
Doug watched Greg as he walked out of the band room and went to the snack shack out on the school patio. 
There have been rumors that the snack shack was going to be replaced as a health shack and only serve healthy foods. So it was our duty to buy all the junk food we could, while we could.
Greg came back ten minutes later with a fresh ding dong in his hand. He told me sorry for knocking it out of my hand. I asked him why he did it. He said it had nothing to do with me but more to do with Doug. He just wanted to make Doug mad. Well, it worked. 
I snatched the ding dong out of his hand, unwrapped it as quickly as possible and ate it before anyone else could take it away from me.

Tuesday- May 14, 1985
I came home from school yesterday to find Tico decked out in a fake leather jacket and a biker hat with rhinestones. I giggled. My sister was home early from school and said she decided to go to the mall and saw the outfit at the pet store and couldn’t resist it. 
My brother called and announced that he wants to plan a camping trip for Dad on Father’s day weekend. My sister and I both agreed that it sounded like a good idea. We hadn’t gone camping as a family in a couple of years. It was something we used to do on a regular basis when I was little. Well, we had four weeks to plan. It shouldn’t be a problem.

Wednesday- May 15, 1985
Lily told me today that Pete once again broke up with Mall Girl. This time I told her I could care less what Pete did. Lily nodded doubtfully. She thinks there is a part of me that will jump for joy at a later time when I truly realize that Pete is free. I don’t think so. Why should I get excited when all he will do is run back to Mall Girl in a couple of days? No thank you.
My mom informed me that she scheduled a new appointment for me with my orthodontist for July. She told me that I most likely will be getting my braces the week after that appointment. Well, I say la-de-da! Big whoop! I get to enjoy my summer with metal being glued to each of my teeth. Oh, but let me remember I’ll finally get the metal button thing removed from my far back lower tooth on the right side of my mouth. I had nearly forgotten about the cruelty of my parents forcing me to have surgery the day after they tell me about it. 
I don’t normally hold grudges but what they did to me was just wrong. Now once again I am slapped in the face with the reminder that just because this is my body, I have no say in what happens to it and I have no control over a single thing in my life.
I said all of this to my mom because she’s raised me to express my opinion and not hold things in. Although I tended to hold things in with everyone else in my life, I expressed myself freely to my mom. She told me that as an adult I’m going to learn that I really don’t have much control over my body, nor will I have control over anything else in my life. The only one who is in control is God. Because of that she said, “So, stop worrying. God is in control.”
I stared at her for a minute. How could I possibly argue with those words? Geesh. Dang it.

Thursday- May 16, 1985
My science class became a little loud and rambunctious today. (I just learned rambunctious in my vocabulary this week and couldn’t resist using it somewhere. It’s a cool sounding word, isn’t it?) We all started demanding Mr. Reynold’s to tell us once and for all how to make the slime like the one they used in the Ghostbuster’s movie.
He refused. He said there is still time and opportunity for at least one student to come up with the answer and earn extra points. He mentioned there were plenty of students in the class who could use the extra points. For once I was not included in that statement. I was still getting a “B” so far.

Friday- May 17, 1985
I don’t know if it is my imagination or not but it seems as though Tommy has been distancing himself from the rest of the line lately. I mentioned this to my sister and she said, “Ah, it’s just the Senior blues. He’s trying to distance himself from anyone who isn’t a Senior because he knows he won’t see them anymore. It’s very hard. You come to realize that you are about to be an official adult and everyone else are still kids. I know it’s only a year or two difference, but it is a big difference.” I could kind of understand this perspective. 
I wondered how I would react when I was so close to finally graduating high school. It must be a great feeling to know you would no longer be obligated by law to go to school but it has to be scary too. 
I know that Tommy’s parents are well to do. Rumors are that his mom is a doctor and his dad is an attorney. So they must have high expectations for him. 
I don’t remember what my brother was like when he was a senior. It might be because he was never home. My parents weren’t very strict with him. It seems like we have a double standard in our home. My brother was free to do what ever he wanted but my sister and I have to beg for what we wanted or couldn’t do anything. It’s hard to explain.
I wondered what school Tommy was planning to go to once he graduated. I wondered what school Lily was planning to go to. Were they planning to stay together and try to make their relationship work? Or were they going to let each other spread their wings and fly and see where the wind blew them?
I started to feel worried about Lily. She spent so much of her high school life following Tommy’s foot steps. I had a sudden need to talk to her.

Saturday- May 18, 1984
Tonight is the Senior Prom. I keep thinking about Tommy and Lily. 
Jesse is coming over later tonight for… you’ve guessed it… more tutoring. My mom admitted the other day that she is almost afraid of the tutoring ending because she is afraid that my grades will get out of control again. I told her they were never really out of control. I was maintaining a “C” average… yes, barely but I was maintaining it. My mom just shook her head and didn’t bother to respond. I think she knew that I knew I was full of it.

Monday- May 20, 1985
Well, I tried to talk to Lily today at lunch to find out how the prom went and to find out what her plans were for next year. I asked her if she was going to college. If so, where? Was she planning to stay with Tommy? Was he going to college and if so, where? Her response was a brutal, “It’s really none of your concern Jackie.” 
Ouch, right?
That’s how it felt. A slap in the face that stung for a very long time. I thought she and I had grown close. I had started to consider her as one of my closest friends but as it turned out I was nothing but an acquaintance to Lily. Maybe even less than that to her. I wasn’t going to let her hurt me that way with her knowing it. I wanted her to know I minded being talked down to and I wasn’t going to sit quietly and let it happen. 
“You know what Lily? What you just said to me really sucked! I thought of you as a friend. Obviously I was wrong and believe me, I won’t make that stupid mistake ever again. I spent all weekend worrying about you and Tommy. I was thinking about how all during your high school life you followed Tommy around like a little puppy. I wanted to know if you were still planning to do that while you were in college or if you were going to cut the ties loose and figure out who you are on your own for a change. I wanted you to know that I cared about what happened to you both and I would be here in anyway that I can. I know I’m only fifteen and I’m small but I have a big heart. But I can see that doesn’t matter to you since you just stomped on it.”
I turned around and walked away before she had the opportunity to say anything in return. 

Tuesday- May 21, 1985
During lunch I saw Pete talking to Mall Girl. I wasn’t surprised. Greg saw that I was looking in Pete’s direction. He asked me if I wanted the rest of his potato chips. I shook my head to tell him no. I noticed that Tommy and Lily weren’t sitting with each other at lunch like they normally did. Once again I worried about the two of them. But I remembered Lily’s remarks to me yesterday and had to remind myself that it was none of my business. 
Tommy looked miserable and alone. I didn’t have the courage to go up to Tommy and ask him how he was doing.

Wednesday- May 22, 1985
Jesse told me that Lily and Tommy broke up at the prom. Why does she always have the big scoop but I don’t? Apparently when they were about to leave the prom Lily told Tommy that she was moving to New York. She had decided to go to NYU and never bothered to let Tommy know in advance. Lily had always wanted to go to New York and her parents urged her to go. She has an aunt who already lives out there and she’d being sharing an apartment with her while she attended school. 
Tommy will be attending UCLA while still living with his parents. Lily had been misleading Tommy into believing the she would follow him. He envisioned them both attending UCLA and eventually getting married. Lily told him she was way too young to think about marriage. She needed to figure out her major, her career path. She wasn’t sure if she’d ever get married because she didn’t like answering to anyone. This information was ironic since Lily was always bending over backwards to make sure Tommy was happy but then Jesse reminded me of the day Lily instigated Tommy’s car to be T.P’d. 
“Yeah, you’re right. There has always been a subtle undertone of feisty independence burning underneath the surface of their relationship, huh?”
Jesse giggled, “Yep, you can say that.”
Now I worried about Tommy again. He really and truly loved Lily. When I thought about it, he’s the one who couldn’t seem to function without her. Should I ask him how he’s doing? Would he even care that I worried? It’s frustrating not being able to help the people I care about!

Thursday- May 23, 1985
We have to practice for our last field show competition that is this Saturday. We are also having a drum completion at the same time. It’s going to be weird at practice tonight. I’m not really looking forward to it.

Friday- May 24, 1985 
I was surprised last night that Lily showed up to practice. A few of us thought she wouldn’t have bothered. Lily shocked me when she tapped me on the shoulder as soon as she entered the band room. She said, “I owe you an apology.”
I know I let out a gasp from shock.
“Jacks, you are one of my closest friends. I was just still in shock over our break up. I knew it was going to have to end at some point very soon I just didn’t think it would be the night of the prom. When you approached me I just wasn’t ready to talk to anyone about the whole thing. Can you forgive me?”
I blinked but said, “Yes.” Then we gave each other a hug.

Monday- May 27, 1984
Both of my parents and sister went to the competition over the weekend. The band placed first and the drum line placed first too. It was great! Everyone was singing on the way home on the bus. 

Tuesday- May 28, 1984
Jake and Jesse want to know if I would go roller skating with them tonight. I told them I most likely can go but still needed to check with my mom. Greg and Doug heard me talking to Jesse about it and invited themselves. As usual the rest of the line heard about it and invited themselves as well. 
Tommy completely withdrew from the line after Saturday’s competition. He could have come to us and talked to us about his feelings of going to UCLA with out his girlfriend. I mentioned this to Greg and Doug. They agreed with me. We decided to approach Tommy as a group and said, “Tommy, you have to go roller skating with us tonight. It’s the law.”
Tommy looked up at us for a moment but finally grinned and said, “Okay. Sounds like a plan.”
He was probably relieved that he was still a part of the group even though we no longer needed him.

Wednesday- May 29, 1985
I can’t believe my freshman year of high school will be over in two weeks! I’m not sure how to feel about it.
Well, I know now that was why the drummers wanted us all to go skating. We needed to have fun doing something that didn’t involve a ton of practice. We all had a bunch of junk food and skated. 
Jesse reminded me that I had tutoring tomorrow. I can’t wait for tutoring to be over with! Jesse has been harder than ever on me now that finals are approaching. I’ve had tutoring every night for the past couple of weeks. She’s been spending the night most weekends and tutoring… tutoring…. Tutoring!

Thursday- May 30, 1985
Pete saw me in the band room alone again at lunch time. He had an expression on his face that said he had something to tell me but didn’t know where to begin. I just said, “Hi Pete.”
He said hi back to me then I walked out of the room.
I didn’t want to feel anything but I did. 

Friday- May 31, 1985
 Tommy gave me a big hug out of the blue. He scared the crap out of me. Greg shouted, “Hug fest!” then rushed up to where Tommy and I were and joined us in a hug. Then Doug joined. Then Pete. Then the rest of the bass drum players… snares, quads, mallets… Lily. The whole drum line was wrapped around Tommy in a group hug. Tommy laughed and said, “I love you guys. I’m gonna miss you all.”

Saturday- June 1, 1985
My sister is already done with her school until fall. She is happy she can work more overtime at the department store where she works. She told me something scary happened to her last night when she was getting off of work. She had entered on the freeway and a sports car was in the fast lane going at least ninety miles an hour. She felt uncomfortable so tried to keep her distance away from it. Well the car lost control, hit the center divider with a metal against concrete crunch and spun in wide circles across the freeway. She says she knows for a fact that car should have rammed right into her car but it didn’t. She said it was as if something literally picked her car up and planted her far ahead and away from the accident. When she looked in her rearview mirror it was pitch black behind her.
I got chills from listening to her. It scares me how fragile life is. You think you are on your way to school or work or where ever but anything can happen… a natural disaster like an earthquake, or a car accident, a heart attack... anything! Why does it all have to be so fragile? 
We gave each other a big hug.

Monday- June 2, 1985
Lily gave me and Doug a little dark blue velvet bag. When we opened them there was a pair of miniature cymbals in them. She smiled and explained. “They are really finger cymbals for belly dancers but I saw them and thought of my cymbal buddies. I had to get one pair for each of us.” She pulled out a little velvet bag from her purse and smiled again, “See.”
Both Doug and I said in unison, “Cool! Thanks Lily!”
She giggled.

Tuesday- June 3, 1985
Jesse informed me that she will be at my house tonight promptly at six. We have two tests to study for and she didn’t want to waste any unnecessary time. That’s great for her but maybe I wanted to waste some time. Maybe I wanted to be brain dead for a couple of hours. Maybe I wanted my brain to have no visible waves while I’m lost in the world of television. I’ve hardly been able to have the luxury of staring at a television almost all year long. 
I told this to both Jesse and my mother. They both said, “You don’t need television. If you need to escape, pick up a book not a remote.” I frowned at them both. I wanted to pick up a book to throw at them.

Wednesday- June 4, 1985
More studying today. Grrrggg! Only a week and a half left of school! I’ve got to just hang in there just a little bit longer… I can do it… yes I can… I can do it… yes I can!

Thursday- June 5, 1985
Greg told me that he already heard that there will be three cymbal players next year and all of them will be girls. He wanted to know if I planned to be back next year and if I planned to move up in the line or if I planned to keep playing cymbals. I still hadn’t mentioned to anyone that I’ve been practicing to play the xylophone so I told him that yes, I planned to be back next year and yes it would most likely be to play the cymbals. Greg patted me on the back and said, “Good, you can teach the other girls your dance moves. If they learn all the moves during band camp that will be great! We will so rock next year Jacks!”
I had mixed feelings. I had already confessed to Pete a long time ago that I didn’t really want any other girls on the line… now to find out that there will most likely be three other girls on the line I felt annoyed and maybe more jealous than worried. What if the new girls were way better than I was?

Thursday- June 5, 1985
Tommy informed me that I would be the section leader of the cymbals next year. I wondered if I was supposed to jump up and down from joy. When I didn’t scream excitedly Tommy asked me if something was wrong. I couldn’t exactly tell him how I felt about other girls coming on the line so I kept it to myself. I got the feeling though that Tommy already knew how I felt anyway.

Friday- June 6, 1985
There were a few whispers going around the drummers. They all wanted to know who the new drum line section leader would be. Mr. Stevens announced that it was between two people but since both of them were a part of the Carl’s Jr. scandal at the beginning of the year he was postponing his decision until the first or second week of band camp. Tommy refused to let anyone know his thoughts.
 
Monday- June 10, 1985
Mr. Reynold’s won’t budge. He refuses to divulge the slime solution. He said wickedly, “Until next year…” I’m starting to think we should TP his car in the parking lot. If there was not the risk of getting suspended or expelled I would have done it or perhaps talked other people into it.

Tuesday- June 11, 1985
Mrs. Lovegood took a poll to find out how many of us were still keeping our own private journals. Five of us raised our hands. She nodded then said, “Well, isn’t it strange that the top five students in the class raised their hands?” Jake and Jesse were included in the five. 

Wednesday- June 12, 1985
I took my last final today. I feel good about it. At least I know that I passed all of my classes. My mom let me buy Jesse a scientific calculator since Jake had accidently dropped her old one and it broke in two. I wrapped it up and gave it to her with a thank you card. She’s the only person I know that actually jumped up for joy at receiving a calculator for a present.

Thursday- June 13, 1985
Greg and Doug are already talking about what they plan to do to the incoming freshmen who join the drum line. They want to start an initiation process. To me there is already an initiation… just dealing with the boys is initiation enough. They are talking about scaring who ever joined in some big dramatic way. Well, I’m out of it. I refuse to take a part of it. Greg snuck up behind me though and said, “Oh no, Jacks, you can’t get out of it. It’s all for one here, remember? It’s the law.”

Friday- June 14, 1985
I thought today was supposed to be our last day of school but for whatever reason our last day is next Tuesday. It’s the same day as the Senior Graduation. 

Saturday- June 15, 1985
My sister has finally started teaching me how to read music. I don’t know if I will ever be able to sight read but as long as I write in what the notes are I can play something. For example, I am able to play Mary Had a Little Lamb on the xylophone. No one on the drum line knows yet. I am going to keep it that way for as long as possible.

Monday- June 17, 1985
There was an announcement made over the intercom advising all students to clear out their lockers and to put all trash in the appropriate trash cans. While I was cleaning out my locker I found a sealed envelope with a letter in the inside. The writing looked very familiar. I unfolded it and read, “Dear Jacks, I first want to say I am truly sorry for hurting you throughout this past year. Believe me, that was not my intention. I truly honor you as a friend and I respect you. When you shared your prediction of how you imagine me to be as an adult, I felt a great sadness in my soul. I pray that I do not turn out to be that guy. I pray that you will forgive me for the way I mistreated you as well. You mean a lot to me and in my mind you will still always be my girl. I guess I will always watch out for you from afar. I’m sorry. Pete.”
I had tears in my eyes. 

Tuesday- June 18, 1985
I can’t say that it was an easy day. Mr. Stevens had the entire band who was not a senior to perform at the graduation. Lily and Tommy had called a truce. They wanted to part on good terms and not be angry and hostile toward each other. They even gave each other a big hug and kissed once the ceremony was over. My eyes were misty but I refused to let anyone know I almost cried.
Before leaving Mr. Steven’s announced that summer band camp would begin the last three weeks of August. He told everyone to be prepared for more surprises and a spectacular field show for the upcoming school year. We were to rest our bodies and minds for seven weeks then get ready for Band Camp. Geesh!
