




The Arts

by Albion Burridge

Copyright 2011 Albion Burridge

Smashwords Edition


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Chapter 1

I just had one of those names, you know:
'Sean O'Connor, eh? Good ol' Irish name!' 
'I guess so,' I'd always reply, quite matter-of-factly. 
'So you're catholic then, huh?'
'No.'
'Don't tell me you're protestant! Blasphemy!'
'No.'
It was one of those names that drew so much attention to itself. You know the kind, it's always a discussion. It's a name with history. With a story. People read so much into it. It never seemed to matter that I couldn't trace an ounce of Irish blood back through the family tree. No, no one ever seemed to care about that. They just wanted to amuse themselves by laughing like hyenas at their own stereotypical redundancies... Your last name's Chan, eh? Do my math homework you fucking gook! Har! har! har!... At any rate, it always sparked some unwanted dialogue. I may as well have had stoner hippie parents who named me Moon Beam. The bottom line was that this extra attention always made me feel important; it separated me from the pack. And I fucking hated every minute of it. I couldn't stand these morons trying to give me a big head. I loathed them for it.
"...Thon O'Connor?" the professor asked through an ever-present lisp that stripped him of whatever authority he might've otherwise held. You could already feel the groups' attention beginning to waver.
I raised my hand... Don't say it... don't you goddamn say it...
"...Rachel Thteventheon?"
A girl at the end of the row raised her hand. 
“Check out those tits,” Steven whispered to me as he rammed his right elbow into my ribs. Steven Greenberg was a gentile in spite of his heritage. He was here on a soccer scholarship and, despite having a man’s body (and I mean a man’s man’s body), he had the mental fortitude of an eight year old. It’s not that he was dim witted, just profoundly immature, and I loved it. Steven and I had been friends for some time; we went to high school together and, by chance, ended up at the same University, in the city of Victoria, about a two hour boat ride from Vancouver.
I shrugged indifferently. 
“We still going out tonight?” Steven asked, “Justin’s got some new pot. It’s supposedly local. Should be good.”
“Yeah, I guess. My last class is at five, we can go after that.”
“…Timothy zzzJoow? Zhow? Zhoo?”

Later that night the two of us went over to Justin’s apartment in Cook St. village. I loved it there. It was practically in the centre of downtown, yet it had such a strong sense of community. The corporatization of the area hadn’t happened yet. Everything else in the city was blowing up - new condominiums and high rise apartments were going up on every downtown corner, allowing the city to become more cosmopolitan in a desperate attempt to compete on the national field with Vancouver, that bully from across the Georgia Strait - but Cook St. remained relatively untouched. It had that old-timey feel. It was masked in nostalgia. Everything was still locally owned. People were friendlier and the pace of life seemed to slow down a little. It was very bohemian without being stereotypical or pretentious. It was just pleasant.
Justin lived above this shop that sold the best gluten-free brownies I’d ever tasted (although if you’ve ever eaten gluten-free pastries, you’d know the bar isn’t set too high). We rang the buzzer and waited until a staticy voice came through the intercom.
“Hello?”
“Hey, it’s us. We can smell the pot from down here. Let us up.”
The entrance buzzed and we went upstairs to Justin’s apartment. He left the door open and we walked in.
“You guys have got to try this! It’s the best tea I’ve ever had! This guy I know grows it up island.”
Justin liked to call his pot ‘tea’ even though no one had used that slang in decades. He read a lot of beat fiction and used plenty of out dated vernacular. He handed me the pot.
“Pickup and lay on over to Greeny,” he said.
The three of us shared some joints, got high, and had a few drinks. A typical Wednesday night. The pot was great. It was smooth going in and the high was very mellow, but more social than a lot of the hydroponic crap you usually got from penny-dealers. It was definitely something special.  
We threw the television set on and used it mostly for background noise, commenting on whatever was on every now and then but mostly just drinking and talking. Everyone was nice and loose without being sloppy. We all knew how to balance just the right levels of drink and pot. Anymore of one or the other and we’d start spinning, but we were all experienced and could reach that perfect level with ease.
An ad for a gay chat line came on the TV, prompting Justin to speak up, “Gay sex is the kind of sex every man secretly wants,” he said, with an uncharacteristically straight face.
“Tell me something I don’t know,” Steven joked.
“If you don’t move during gay sex you’re not actually gay.”
“So… it’s just sex then?”
“Yeah, it’s totally platonic, it’s kind of like rubbing two sticks together…”
“OK, but what if you’re on a vibrating bed and it moves you but you’re not moving?”
“Steven, that totally works great.”

The next morning I woke up on the sofa. Steven and Justin were already up making breakfast. I could smell the bacon wafting in from the kitchen. I rubbed my eyes and sat up.
“What time is it?” I asked someone, anyone. 
“It’s past eleven,” Steven answered, as he walked into the room holding a plate of bacon and eggs in one hand and a cup of OJ in the other, “Don’t bother rushing, you’ll still miss your 11:30 class. Have some breakfast.”
That was the great thing about being an art history major, especially in three-hundred level courses, classes were irrelevant. Professors seemed to cling a little too willingly to the old adage: ‘A picture’s worth a thousand words’. My grades were based on essays and personal opinions were, mostly, valued over research. I thought it was a joke and I hardly ever went to class unless I had a test or an essay due. 
“After you fell asleep last night we drew all over your face,” Steven said, twirling a piece of bacon in his teeth as if he were a farm boy with a piece of straw. 
“Son of a bitch…”
“Nah, I’m joking, calm down. But just so I know you trust me… don’t look in the mirror.”
I laughed, if a little apprehensively.
“Hey! I’ve got this fucking fantastic idea for tomorrow night!” Justin burst around the corner, tossing an orange to Steven on the other side of the room and flopping down on the sofa, “This guy who got me that tea, well, he said he’s got some salvia for me if I’m interested. Fucking salvia! You guys want to partake? I know, I know… it’s not illegal, but you don’t have to make such sad faces! It’ll be great. We can smoke and trip balls! Only those balls we’re tripping over… well, they’re not even real balls cause we’ll just be tripping balls!”
“Sounds alright,” I said. Steven nodded.
“Hey, Sean,” Justin said, “You must really love dick, eh?”
Steven was laughing his ass off.

Chapter 2

The next day I went to my afternoon class because I had a test coming up and we were looking through overhead slides to prep for the written section, but mostly I went because the professor seemed to like me. I liked to be liked. We were studying Emily Carr, the local Victorian painter. It was a popular class since Carr grew up and lived in the city - you could go take a tour of her house or visit the exact location of a lot of her scenic paintings over in Beacon Hill Park. After the last slide went up the girl sitting on my left started talking to me, asking how my studying was coming along and what my weekend plans were, all the normal small talk for university students. Her name was Rebecca and I guess we were on friendly terms. She lived in Cook St. village, close to Justin, and I would see her from time to time at the Moka House or Rosie’s Diner. We would smile and nod, sometimes chit chat. I didn’t know her all that well but we happened to be in a few classes together, so we usually sat near each other. 
“So, what are your plans for the weekend?” She asked me, brushing her hair behind her ears and revealing her soft, rosey cheeks. Rebecca had that sort of girl next door vibe. She was very down to earth and quite good looking without having to flaunt it. It was refreshing to know girls like that. Most just tried too hard, either with their makeup, clothes, or personalities. Rebecca was genuine. 
“I’m not sure. I’ll probably be going out tonight but I have no plans yet.” I felt immensely boring around Rebecca. I was no good with women without a couple drinks in me and even then I was mediocre at best, but at least more talkative. I always felt a little socially awkward while sober. 
“Oh, well, if you’re downtown tonight, some friends and I will be at the Sticky Wicket. You should come by.” 
I couldn’t tell if she was flirting with me or not. Probably not. 
The last slide came down off the projector and the professor ended the class. Everyone started packing up and walking out.
“Sure,” I said, “Maybe I’ll see you later tonight.”

After class I met up with Steven in front of the fountain. Our school had this big fountain that was out in front of the library, and there was a long field behind it where people played Frisbee and sunbathed. The field was lined by rows of trees that hung over adjacent walkways, providing shade for anyone walking to and from classes. It was very open and natural, a great atmosphere to walk around in, even if I wasn’t walking to or from classes all that often. 
“So, what was the plan for tonight, again?” I asked Steven. He looked fucking miserable. 
“I don’t know, man. I’m not sure I can actually go out,” he sighed, “I hadn’t looked at my syllabus all year for poli-sci and I just found out I’ve got a fifteen page paper due on Monday and I’ve got a game tomorrow morning. I might have to stay in…”
“No salvia?”
“Oh, no! I’ll come do that! It’s just after I might have to go home and get some rest.”

After a quick power nap on the open field, with my backpack as a pillow, I went to the cafeteria to grab a bite to eat before hopping on the #7 to downtown via Foul Bay Rd. I got off where Fairfield Rd. met Cook St. and walked down to the Moka House to have an espresso with Justin while we waited for Steven to show up (he had hid himself in the library for an hour or two to try to get some work done on his paper before the night out). 
I got to the Moka House and Justin was already there, sitting at a table, reading Junky by William S. Burroughs. I ordered a double long espresso and pulled up a chair.
“I never knew heroine was so fucking romantic,” Justin said, “And Burroughs holds his shit together too! This was back in the days before OD’ing was cool, though. No rocks stars and all that jazz yet. Now, these days, all the hip kids only smoke weed. Even acid’s on its way out. What’s a matter with our generation?”
“I suppose we could rob the hospital and get a morphine fix,” I joked.
“Yeah,” Justin sighed, taking me seriously, “But morphine’s only a smidgeon of what heroine is. Ah, it’s not worth the hassle.”
I sipped my espresso and Justin went on a tirade against the watered down drug use of our generation. He singled it out as a contributor to what he called turkey-ass-Bieber-bobbing, labelling almost every artist or group as the Nickelback of (insert genre here). He also blamed the lack of widespread hardcore drug use for our generations’ indifference towards culture, society, politics.
“We just don’t give a fuck! And it’s all because nobody’s tuned in to what’s going on! You gotta turn on to tune in, man. The hippies knew it! I mean, just look at that kid,” he motioned towards a highschooler standing in line for coffee, “Check out his backpack! You know what I mean? You can see that math textbook sticking out! Fucking homework, man! He shouldn’t be doing homework. Do we ever do homework?”
I shrugged.
“No, we don’t do homework. It’s just a distraction. You and me, we know what’s going on… and that’s why we’re smoking some salvia tonight. Because we get it, you know?” Justin sipped his coffee and shook his head, “These kids make me sick.”
We sat around and chatted for another hour or so while we waited for Steven. In that time Justin must have read me half of Junky. I was starting to jones for the stuff myself.

We met Steven on the sidewalk outside of Justin’s apartment. He had his books opened and was crouched down on top of his backpack. That was the thing about Steven, for as little effort as he put into keeping his grades up, he actually put a lot of effort into keeping his grades up. If he didn’t, he’d lose his scholarship and have to leave school, which I’m not sure he cared too much about academically, but he loved his soccer, and I’m pretty sure he had grown addicted to the free-ride life style (because of his scholarship covering his tuition fees, his parents were paying him a living allowance, so he really had no need to worry about money. I’m not sure how they would have felt if they’d known most of their money was going towards drugs and drink, but it was none of my business and I didn’t really care. After all, I was in no position to judge - I was in the same situation minus the scholarship. My family was upper middle class and my life was fully sponsored. I resented it, but I was dependent. I wasn’t handed the keys to the vault but I always had enough, so long as I didn’t splurge.).
We went upstairs and Justin began loading the salvia into a pipe. He brought out a high powered jet lighter, saying you needed to use extremely high heat to get the best effects out of smoking salvia. I didn’t know. It was my first time using the stuff but Steven and Justin had done it before - Justin more than Steven. I wasn’t sure what to expect and they refused to tell me, saying it was better if I found out for myself. They claimed it was safe and if I had a bad trip, it wouldn’t last very long, so I had nothing to worry about. 
We all took a few hits and began zoning out. It made me really aware of being inside. The walls closed in and expanded at the same time. Everything was fascinating: the lamp, the couch, the ceiling, it all deserved to be paid attention to. I felt confident. Steven started complaining about the pig running around the house. Justin laughed. I got up for a beer and started walking as if I were wading through the shallow end of a swimming pool. The air was tough to manoeuvre through, it had resistance. Justin laughed. I wanted to go outside but I didn’t know where outside was. I couldn’t find the door we came in through. I found it but it was a wall. Steven jumped on a basketball like a grenade, “I caught the fucker!”. Justin laughed. I was still struggling to find the door handle on the wall. I knocked, “Hello?”. I put my ear to the wall to listen. I couldn’t hear anyone and gave up. I waded back to the couch. The lights turned off and on, off and on. I wondered if the power was failing or if I was just blinking. I tried to blink to find out but I couldn’t see if the lights were on or off with my eyes closed. Off and on, off and on, it continued. Justin yelled, “That pickle is a cucumber!” and stretched out on the couch. Steven wrestled the pig.

Fifteen minutes later and it was as if nothing had happened. I felt fine, we all felt fine. Steven gathered his things together and started walking towards the bus stop. Justin asked me what I wanted to do and I told him about Rebecca and the Sticky Wicket. He was game but I said I wanted to grab a drink first, a little liquid courage, I was no good at these loud pubs without being one of the drunkest people there. We pounded a few shots of gin and walked the couple blocks down Cook St. to the corner of Oxford St. and into the Beagle Pub, which wasn’t much of a student hang-out, but we were just looking for something quick before going downtown. I pounded back my first pint and ordered another while Justin was still nursing his first. I drank the second one slowly and finished at the same time Justin finished his first. We ordered one more round, paid our bill, and left. 
The Sticky Wicket was a big pub/bar type joint. It had two stories, some pool tables, a bar as long as the wall, and about a thousand people inside. It was mostly kids from the universities and colleges, but it wasn’t exclusive. I went to take a piss before looking around for Rebecca and her friends while Justin grabbed us a couple beers. I was on drink number five or six by this point and was starting to feel pretty good and loose. I was almost ready to talk to Rebecca. I drank half my drink right away - it was impossible to walk around in the Sticky Wicket with a full drink. It was always way over capacity on Friday nights and people always seemed to bump into you so you spilt your drink all over yourself. I decided to pound back the rest of it just in case. When I noticed that I had no beer in my hand, I went to the bar and grabbed another. Justin and I found Rebecca and her friends on the second floor, with a full booth all to themselves.
“Sean!” Rebecca waved me over and gave me a hug. I sat down beside her, introduced everyone to Justin, and we all started drunkenly talking. Rebecca looked fantastic. She was only wearing a blue, knitted sweater and a pair of jeans and still looked ten times better than all the walking tit-stands around the place. I could see Justin eyeing her but she was only talking to me. I was amiable, talkative. She was laughing, we were all laughing. Everyone was having a good time. Rebecca and I talked about the test coming up in our Emily Carr class, which lead us to point out all the irritating Melvins in the class and have a good laugh. Every time she laughed her chest heaved up and down and it was easy to see she had a body under her sweater. We had a few more drinks and she put her hand on my thigh. We ordered more drinks. I had past the point of no return, the point of the evening when you resigned yourself to having a shitty day the next day, the hangover was coming and there was no avoiding it, I was going to have a good time. I put my arm around her shoulder and pulled her in. She came willingly. 
Justin had hit it off with Rebecca’s friend whose name I couldn’t remember. She was a fourth year Biochem student, which was a rare find. Science students didn’t get out much, what with all the extra labs they had to do, their schedules were jam packed. She seemed like a nice girl, but far too opinionated for me. I preferred my women to be apathetic. She was going on and on about some bureaucratic student society nonsense and I tuned her out early in the evening. She was hot though, and I know that’s all that Justin cared about. He was doing his usual game: pretending to be interested in whatever she was saying, and she seemed happy to have someone listening to her ramble on and on about Stacey Lalmer, the bitch who petitioned to remove her from the Biochem Student Society.
It was almost 1 a.m. and our table was getting smaller. The Biochem girl said her goodbyes and gave Justin a bump on the shoulder as if to say, “Congratulations, you’re coming home with me.” He gave me a smile and a nod and followed her out of the bar. Rebecca turned to me,
“So, want to walk me home?”
“Alright,” I replied, and we left the Sticky Wicket.
Her place was off Cook St., on Collinson St., near the top of the village. It was an old, four-storey apartment building. The elevator was one of those old-timey ones with thick black buttons that were probably mechanical rather than digital; I was surprised we didn’t have to pull a rope to haul ourselves up. Rebecca’s apartment was on the fourth floor. Each apartment had a tiny door beside it that looked like an apartment for a pigmy. She saw me staring at it and laughed,
“Those were used for milk deliveries, we don’t get them anymore.”
I sat down on her couch and she grabbed two beers from the fridge. She sat beside me with her legs up over my lap. I pulled her in and we started kissing, nice long, slow kisses that got faster and faster as things heated up. I pulled off her sweater and started to undress. She had perfect, heaving breasts, just like I had thought. We got up and stumbled into the bedroom, knocking our drinks onto the floor. She threw me down on the bed and took off her pants. She jumped on top of me and pulled the covers over our naked bodies and fucked me senseless, the kind of fucking you only do when you’re drunk or angry and we were definitely drunk. I tossed her over onto her back and she grabbed the sheets tight, clenching them in her fists. She screamed, I moaned. I fell on top of her, rolled off, and fell asleep.

The next morning I woke up with a splitting headache, feeling nauseas. Rebecca was gone but had left a note,
Sorry, I had to go to work,
There’s food in the fridge if you’re hungry,
I had a real good time last night
See you soon,
Rebecca
I was glad that I didn’t have to see her in the morning. I wasn’t in good enough health to be charming. 
After vomiting and washing my face, I walked down to the Moka House to have a leisurely coffee before grabbing the bus up to Shelbourne St. to my apartment. Justin phoned me and I told him where I was. He came down and sat with me.
“So, how’d it go with Biochem girl last night?” I asked him. His eyes lit up.
“Jesus! Are you ever going to like this! Hah!”
“Huh?”
“Well…” He paused for breath, “OK. We get back to her place up on Fort St., you know where that whacko ‘Truth Centre’ cult is? Yeah, just around there. Anyways, we get back to her place and start getting into it. I mean, it was great at first, she could really suck a dick! I wasn’t expecting that. You know, being a science geek and all. But anyways, she stops, walks out of the room and comes back with candles and scarves… She tells me to tie her to the bedposts and skull fuck her! It was really fucked up, man, but I went along with it ‘cause I was drunk and just figured, what the hell, this bitch is just asking for it anyways - maybe it will finally get her to shut the hell up! So, I really give it to her face. Hah! I mean I punish that thing! I thought I was going to choke her to death! But she keeps begging for it, so I turn up the heat! Oh, man! It felt like a porno - and not a good one! I feel pretty dirty today, actually… Well, dirty and proud! Shit! Hah!”
“Christ! That’s more than I wanted to know.”
“You should’ve seen how red her face was afterwards. It took a beating! Jesus! Hah!”
“Alright, alright! Please stop.”
“It was pretty fun, actually. Hah!”
“Jesus.”
“But it wasn’t all good.”
“That was the good part?”
“After I made her come from skull fucking her… can you do that? I’m pretty sure I did. What a crazy bitch!… I untie her and she ties me up and starts dripping hot wax on me. I went along with it because I was so drunk, like I said. But, man, you ever try to take dried candle wax out of chest hair? Jesus…” His face turned white, “after it was all done I got the fuck out of there, and fast! I must have ran the whole way home at three in the morning.”
“Christ,” I said and vomited a little in my mouth. I swallowed.
“You don’t look too hot, man,” Justin said, “Are you that hungover or did things not go well with Rebecca? Cause she was eye fucking you all night and I know you’re a bit oblivious to that sort of thing…”
“I stayed at her place.”
“Oh, good…well, lets cure that hangover then. I still got some of that tea.”

Chapter 3

On Tuesday evening I was watching TV and smoking a joint when the buzzer rang. I turned the TV to channel 102, my apartment buildings’ closed circuit camera for the front door. It was Rebecca. I picked up the phone.
“Hello?”
“Hey, it’s Rebecca, want to let me in? I’ve got something for you.”
“Come on up. I’m in 208,” I buzzed her in.
She knocked on my door and I opened it. She was wearing a flower print skirt and a blouse that showed off her assets. She had her hair up, which I had never seen before. I invited her in and she sat on the couch while I began steeping some tea for the two of us. 
“So, what do you have for me?” I asked her.
“Straight to the goods? No pleasantries?” She gave me a smirk, “Well, if you insist…” She began to undress. She dropped her skirt to the floor, threw her bra in my direction, turned, and slowly walked into the bedroom, showing off with every step. I followed. 

An hour later Rebecca was walking around my place, half-naked, picking up her clothes, her body still glistening with fresh sweat. She oozed sex.
“Thanks for coming by,” I said, “I wasn’t expecting to see you tonight.”
“Well, we didn’t get a chance to talk yesterday in class because of the test, so I thought I’d come by and give you a good fucking.”
“Mmm, and it was just what I needed,” I said, rubbing my cock.
Rebecca finished dressing and left.

Chapter 4

On Wednesday afternoon I biked the two kilometres from my apartment to the McPherson Library on campus to check out any books I could find on Coast Salish spindle whorls. I had a research paper due the next day but it was only five pages double-spaced and I wasn’t too worried about it. I sat in one of the library turnstiles jotting down notes, quotes, and ISBN numbers for referencing. I also wrote down ISBN’s for a few books that I had no intention of using, just in case I needed to fill the citations page to make it look as if I put a lot of effort into the report.
I left the library just after four in the afternoon, in time to watch the 4:20 club light up in the open field. There must have been a hundred students, twenty African drums, and fifty joints or pipes being passed around. One man was talking through a megaphone, leaning over a mini-keyboard, and chanting incomprehensible slogans to sporadic cheers and jeers from the audience. Walking to and from classes, some of the more studious students coughed as they moved through the quad, as if that were going to send a message.
I was unlocking my bike when Steven caught up to me. He was headed to the circle to see if he could snag a few joints for later. He had brought one with him as a sign of good will. He tried to drag me along but I wasn’t a fan of such enthusiasm and so we sat on a bench beside the fountain, about fifty feet away from the circle, passing a joint back and forth, while tens of people around us leaned over their books and chatted with friends. Nobody seemed to mind. When we were good and high Steven walked over to the circle to score and I hopped on my bike and began riding around aimlessly before heading home. 
When I got home I sat down and began writing. It took me about two hours to write and cite my paper. It was either a B+ or an A- paper, depending how it stacked up against the rest of the class, but people were morons, so it was probably an A-. To celebrate I grabbed a few Tylenol-3s from when I fractured my wrist (for the codeine), limped out, lit up my last joint, threw on my red wayfarers, grabbed my guitar, and spent the rest of the night make believing that I was John Lennon and it was 1966.

Chapter 5

On Friday night Rebecca called and wanted me to meet her at Garrick’s Head pub in Bastion Square for a drink. I told her I was with Steven and she said that was perfect and she’d bring a friend too. We weren’t going to meet until sometime between 9 and 10 and it was only just after 6 when I got off the phone. I went to the fridge and took out a couple beers for Steven and I to get things started. By 7 o’clock we were already three drinks deep.
“I’ve got to slow down,” Steven said, “I can’t keep up this pace if we’re not going out for another two hours.”
“Suit yourself,” I said and poured another vodka water.
Steven had brought along a baggy of about a half dozen or so joints. It seemed that when he joined the 4:20 club’s circle the other day, he took his time with each joint as they were being passed around, just long enough so that there was always a logjam when a new one was handed to him. When that happened, he pocketed the one coming his way and passed on the one he was smoking to the next person over. The person he was passing to was none the wiser, while Steven kept getting one joint richer. At one point he thought someone was catching on, but they followed up their accusation with a “Wooaahah, I must be high!” and Steven bailed.
We decided to try out a recipe and settled on marijuana marinara sauce. We tore the joints apart and ground up the tightly pressed together sticks into a pile of fine dust and sautéed it in butter over the stove. We added garlic, tomatoes, peppers, onions, and Italian seasoning to a large pot and mixed it all up, dumping the now-dark brown butter into the mix. The whole thing took about a half hour to cook and smelled delicious. We didn’t have any actual pasta and so we were forced to eat it like chilli in a bowl with a piece of toast. Not knowing how much pot was in each bowl, I decided to put the drinking on hold until we got downtown. We each finished a serving and packaged the rest up in multiple Tupperware containers that we piled on top of each other and shoved in the fridge.

A little while later I realized I was high as I had been striking an open D note on my guitar for over a minute, while Steven chanted, “Ohm, Ohm, Ohm”. Eating pot is a very different sensation than smoking pot. I usually preferred it because it reminded me of codeine and very light opiates, in a way. You just sort of melted into it. It didn’t give you the same sort of dry mouth as smoking, nor did it fog up your thoughts as much. It was primarily a body sensation. It made me feel heavy and anti-social though and so I slammed back the last of my vodka water, poured myself another one, slammed it back, and then Steven and I headed out to the bus stop at the corner of Shelbourne St. and Cedar Hill Crossroad and caught the #27 bus to downtown. 
Bastion Square was a courtyard just off Government St. in the heart of downtown. There were maybe half a dozen pubs and clubs in the court yard and it was always vibrant at night. During the day there were vendors set up with arts and crafts and farmers with fresh produce. It was uniquely Victorian: a mix of kitsch, crap, and craft. Garrick’s Head was around the middle of the court yard. It was just an average pub, nothing special. There were tables, chairs, a bar. It was cozy, it didn’t try to be anything that it wasn’t. I looked around for Rebecca but she wasn’t there. Steven grabbed us a table in the back corner and I ordered two vodka redbulls and two beers; I needed a pick-me-up after eating all that pot. 
We drank for about a half hour before Rebecca walked in with her friend. It was the Biochem girl. Her name was Angela and she seemed disappointed that Justin wasn’t there. I played it like I didn’t know how nuts she was.
“Hey, it’s good to see you again. This is Steven. What are you two drinking?”
I ordered a round of seven and sevens and the four of us got to talking.
“I hate this city at night,” Angela said, disgusted, “We walked down from Douglas St. and there were three bums outside McDonald’s looking for handouts. One had a guitar but he wasn’t playing anything… At least work for your money! Probably crack heads…”
“I know that guy,” I said, “His name’s Shawn, too, and he’s actually a really nice guy but, yeah, not much of a guitar player.” I laughed.
“You don’t care that he’s begging?” Angela seemed offended.
“Why would I? Some of the nicest people I’ve met are bums. The ones without habits seem to enjoy the freedom. I know I would, but I don’t have the guts.”
Angela scoffed at my response and took a sip of her drink.
The four of us chatted for a while and pretty soon Angela took hold of the conversation. It was impossible to get a word in edge wise. She was the kind of girl that could ramble for years without caring how bored she was making everyone else. A real schmuck. 
“I miss it back home. I can’t wait until summer break so I can just head back to Vancouver and spend a nice summer in a real city,” She said, “Victoria is a joke. How big is it? It takes about fifteen minutes to walk all the way across downtown! Hah, if this school didn’t have a few highly rated programs, I’m not sure anyone would ever move here!”
“I don’t know. I like it here,” Steven said, “It’s just a little more relaxed, a good pace of life.”
“Slow and out of touch? Yeah… It’s not for me, that’s for sure! I can’t wait to get home and away from all this granola!”
I could tell that Steven thought she was a bitch and, unlike Justin, he couldn’t see past that to her looks. I felt bad for him having to put up with her but I felt like getting laid too much to really do anything about it. Rebecca had been fondling me under the table the whole night, making Angela’s inanity easier to suffer through.
A couple rounds later and we all left Garrick’s Head and went for a walk around Bastion Square, people watching all the first years that couldn’t handle their liquor. Angela found the drunken displays offensive and hailed a cab home by herself. 
“Jesus Christ! How do you put up with her?” Steven asked Rebecca. He had never been one for subtleties.
“Oh, she’s not so bad once you get to know her.”
“I was about to stick a goddamn fork in my ear!”
We walked to the inner harbour and sat a while, gazing at the ocean. Rebecca and I sat on a park bench fondling each other while Steven jumped over the gate that was supposed to stop people from getting down to the docks. He ran around from boat to boat, jumping on for a second, looking back at us, and then jumping off. Steven was drunk and it was fantastic to watch. It always entertained me. It was like watching a four year old who was testing just how far he could push his luck. I laughed and Rebecca seemed annoyed that I was watching him and not her. 
“Let’s go, Sean. I’m cold,” Rebecca said, nestling her head on my shoulder.
“Just a second.”
I ran down to the docks and joined Steven. He had found a crab trap and was hauling it up, giggling but trying to keep quiet. There was one crab in it. Steven took it out and started chasing me around the docks with it. We were howling like school children. One of the boats’ lights turned on and we heard someone shout something towards us. We threw the crab in the water and ran off the docks, back towards Rebecca, but she had gone.

On Sunday Rebecca decided that she wanted to redecorate my apartment. I had some lamps with no shades and my curtains were these thick plastic numbers that she wanted to soften up with some draped fabric. She didn’t appreciate my lack of clean sheets, either, and she wanted to pick me up a second set. All on my dime, of course.
We went to the market early in the morning over in Oak Bay, not too far from where I lived. It was an outdoor setup and most of the goods were homemade. There were tens of booths dedicated to linens alone, mostly operated by bored housewives. I guess there wasn’t much else for middle-aged women with two kids and workaholic husbands to do. Affairs were on their way out. Linens were on their way in.
We walked through row upon row of booths and Rebecca pointed out things she liked and I mostly just groaned and grunted in tacit approval. I felt like a dog on a leash, being dragged about against my will. Rebecca pretended not to notice my lack of enthusiasm and went about her business, examining linen after linen and lamp shade after lamp shade. She kept putting things into my hands and telling me to pay the ladies. I didn’t put up a fight. It would have been useless. 
After an hour of wandering around the market Rebecca finally let me go. I took the bags of linens, curtains, and lamp shades with me and Rebecca stayed a while longer and continued to browse. I found a bar up the street and went in for a drink. It was a bit of a shit hole. It was dank, dark, and dirty. It smelt like bad body odour and stale beer. The worst part was walking in carrying all the bags of domestic goods. I felt like a square. 
“What’ll it be doll?”
“Just a beer.”
“Will your wife be joining you today?” The waitress was looking at all my bags. She was serious.
“No, no. Just me, dear,” I said. 
I shoved the bags under the table and out of sight. The waitress came back with my beer.
“You got a kid?” she asked.
“No. I’m only twenty-one.”
“Heck, I was nineteen when I had my first one.”
“And look how well that turned out,” I said.
“Fucking prick!” She stormed off in a huff. I drank my beer. A wiry kid, about my age, maybe a little older, came over to the table.
“Did you insult my server?”
“Not at all.”
“Well, what’d you say about her working here, then?”
“I would never say anything about that. Clearly, this is a fine establishment.”
“Alright, smart ass. You’re outa’ here!”
“After this beer,” I said. 
He grabbed me by the collar and lifted me up. He was quite strong for a scrawny guy, but I was also quite small. He tossed me to the curb.
“Can I at least grab my bags?” I said.
“Fuck off, kid!”
I walked back to the market and found Rebecca.
“Where’s everything we bought?” she asked.
“Ah, it’s gone. Forget about it.”
“What do you mean? Where’d it go?”
“Ah, shit. Just forget about it, OK? Let’s get out of here.”
“Well, we’ve got to start from scratch now!”
“Ah, shit. Let’s just go. It’s not worth it.”
“Where did they go? Did you lose them? I bet you lost them. You’re so damn immature and irresponsible! I swear I can’t let you out of my sight for one second or else you go off and start tossing crabs around docks and losing bed sheets! What in the hell is the matter with you!? I’m NOT leaving here without all of your linens! Now, if you won’t go get them RIGHT now, then we’ll just have to…”
“Alright, alright! Let’s buy some more goddamn fabric!”

The next week Rebecca came calling at my apartment again. She was upset, calling me all sorts of names.
“All you do is drink, drink, drink!”
“Hey, that’s not fair. I do drugs too…” 
“God knows how you manage to still be a student!”
“I get by…”
“Do you even care at all!?” She picked up a couch cushion and threw it at my head.
“Hey, now, let’s go in the bedroom and find out.”
Rebecca stormed out.
I came to discover that this was Rebecca’s regular routine. One day she would be upset that I wasn’t paying enough attention to her and the next day she’d forget all about it. I was beginning to think she was bi-polar and needed some help but, as long as she was laying me, I had no reason to complain.

After that I didn’t see Rebecca for a few days. I had another midterm coming up in my early Islamic art class, anyways, and I hadn’t been to a lecture since the first week. I knew the professor posted review materials online though, so I was less nervous than I probably should have been. The professor had posted over one hundred slides with dates, titles, mediums, and historical information. Somehow I was supposed to memorize all of them on top of knowing in depth historical significances for each. Luckily, I had a friend with ADD who hated taking his meds. I borrowed some Ritalin from him and got to work. I was able to study a few hours straight without getting bored. Ritalin’s a fantastic drug. Probably the most productive and studious drug I’ve ever used and, ironically, the one cracked down on the most by administration. Anyone caught with it, without a prescription, would be immediately expelled, whereas smoking a joint in public was A-OK. Really, they should passed out a prescription to every student on their way in the door. It would break the curve. But I wasn’t complaining.
I wrote the test and got a B, which was not bad, all things considered. 

Chapter 6

On the weekend I made an outright effort to take it easy. I hadn’t been feeling too well for about a week and I decided to take a break from all the drink. I had been vomiting daily and shitting out nothing but blood. I hadn’t bothered to go to the doctor because I didn’t feel like getting anally probed by a man in a lab coat or, worse yet, a woman in a lab coat. I ignored my problems and eventually the bleeding went away on its own, but I still didn’t feel too hot.
I met Steven and Justin at Rosie’s Diner in the village for lunch. Rosie’s was a throwback to the 50s: checkered table clothes, juke box, those old-timey café chairs with red circular cushions and four peg legs. The food wasn’t great but it was cheap and the service was good. I had a grilled cheese on sourdough with waffle fries and a water, $5.50.
The conversation was a familiar one: what animals could you defeat in a cage match? The opponent: a cougar.
“A cougar would rip you limb from limb, Steven!” Justin was getting animated, his arms swinging through the air like machetes, “You wouldn’t stand a chance without a weapon!”
“Are you kidding me?” Steven said, “I was watching one of those ‘when animals attack’ shows the other day and this old lady beat up a cougar with a purse! A purse! Cougars aren’t anything to be afraid of…”
“A purse is a weapon, Steven! You have to take it on with your bare hands… This is a wild animal that hunts all day! You don’t have the necessary tools to defeat it!”
It was a great debate. It had all the intensity of a political primary, both sides bull headedly defending their positions.
“Well, Justin,” Steven’s tone became serious and confident, “Sure, a cougar is a cat and cats are unpredictable, agile, and wile, but you must remember that cats are called pussies for a reason.”

After lunch I went for a walk by myself. Steven had some homework to do and Justin had to meet some people on campus for the much loathed group assignment. I ventured down to the water and walked out to Clover Point. I took off my shoes and sunk my feet into the Pacific. It was freezing, icy. I put my shoes back on and walked along the shoreline. I sat on a park bench and looked across the strait to the States. An old woman walked by arguing with her husband. She was really giving him hell over God knows what. He looked defeated, dead. He was just taking it. I guess it never changed. I needed a drink. Taking it easy, be damned.
I walked back towards downtown and found a liquor store. I grabbed a bottle of gin and took it up to the counter. The clerk looked me over.
“Can I see some ID please?”
I reached into my wallet. I had left my ID at home, “Sorry. I don’t have it on me.”
“How old are you?”
“I’m twenty-one.”
“If you were twenty-five what year would you have been born?”
“What?”
“What year would you have been born?”
“I don’t know. Depends when my birthday was.”
“I can’t sell this to you without ID.”
“Alright, fine.”
I left the store and sat on the curb for a while. I had nothing to do and I didn’t feel like going home just yet. A young kid came running around the corner.
“Crap!” he shouted, “Hey, mister, I need your help!”
I looked at him.
“My friend broke his leg! He was riding his bike and it’s broke! He fell! You gotta help me!”
“Call 911,” I said.
“I did! I did! It’s been a half hour! I don’t know where they are! You gotta drive us to the E.R.!”
“I’d love to,” I said and the kid began running back around the corner.
“Come on, then!” he shouted.
“Ah, shit, kid!” I yelled after him, “I mean I’d love to but I don’t have a car!”
He stopped and turned back to me, “The fuck’s the matter with you?” He disappeared around the corner. I got up and wandered over to View St. to a place where I knew they didn’t ID. I walked in and grabbed a table by myself. A game was on. The waitress came over.
“What can I get you?”
“Pint of lager.”
“You got some ID?”
“No.”
“I’ll get you a coke, son.”
“Ah, fuck. Forget it.”
I began walking up View St. to catch my bus and head home. I passed another liquor store and decided to give it one last shot. I was able to buy a mickey of gin. The clerk put it in a brown paper bag and I walked out and took a nice big swig. I got to the bus stop and waited. A kid came and stood beside me. He was twelve, maybe thirteen years old. He grabbed a hold of the paper bag and ripped it out of my hands.
“Hey! You little shit!”
He ran up the block and around the corner. Some smart ass waiting for his bus had seen the whole thing, “Tsk, tsk,” he said, “Should’ve asked for some ID.”

Chapter 7

The next weekend I woke up to a phone call before noon.
“Sean?”
“Hmm,” I grunted, half asleep.
“Hey, it’s Heather. How are you?”
Heather was a girl I had gone to high school with. She was the girl. I had had a huge crush on her but we never did make it work. We went back and forth a few times without ever getting the timing right. We had grown up on the same street, or just about, and now she went to a different university, on the mainland, in Vancouver. I wasn’t sure why she was calling.
“I’m doing just fine, Heather. How’s life?”
“Good, good. I’m in Victoria. Our soccer team travelled here for a tournament this weekend. Are you busy?”
“Not at all.”
“Come meet me for lunch.”
She was on campus and I was at home. I picked the restaurant, Smuggler’s Cove Pub, down in Cadboro Bay, just a hop, skip, and a jump from campus, towards the ocean. I decided to walk there and grab a coffee on the way. The caffeine and open air were just what I needed to wake myself up. 
I met Heather at the pub. She was standing outside wearing tight jeans, a tank top, and a plaid shirt, half buttoned and blowing in the breeze. It had been almost a year since I had seen her and she wasn’t at all as I had remembered. She had always had a pretty face but now she’d finally grown into her body. She was fit without being boney, hardly an ounce of fat on her, and a perfect little ass that popped as she walked. I showed her in to the Pub and let her walk the flight of stairs ahead of me, up to the seating area. We sat down and ordered. I had the club and she had some sort of chicken walnut salad. 
“You look great,” I said. Heather had soft skin and innocent, truthful eyes. She was very sexy. She made me shiver with just a look. She had definitely blossomed. 
“Thanks,” she blushed, “So do you. It’s good to see you again. Home’s not the same without you there.”
“How’s everyone doing? Do you still talk to anyone from high school?”
“Hardly. There aren’t many people I actually want to keep in touch with anyways.”
“I know how that goes.”
We sat and ate and chatted and I flirted a little. I was dumbstruck by how gorgeous she had turned out. She was a little hipster without going overboard. She had the bangs and style down pat. I was completely mesmerized by her mouth, her lips. The way they pouted, her infectious, flirtatious laugh, the way she ran her tongue along them as she ate. I just wanted to throw myself at them. She was being rather forward and open. If I knew women (and I didn’t), she was flirting with me too.
“So, you seeing anyone, Sean?”
“Nah,” I said, thinking of Rebecca.
“Good. You should meet my friends. We have our final game tonight but we’re not leaving until tomorrow so a bunch of the team is going to head downtown afterwards. Is Irish Times any good? We’ll probably start there and see what happens.”
I was a little confused and disheartened by Heather wanting to pawn me off but I decided to meet her friends anyways and still try my luck with her. “Sounds good. Just text me when you head down there,” I said. Worse comes to worst and I go bang on Rebecca’s door afterwards.
After lunch we walked around the beach at Cadboro Bay for a little bit, catching each other up on our lives. Heather was an undeclared third year and had jumped from community college to a four year university without having much of any direction at all. I told her I declared as Art History but felt the same way. We both felt lost but young enough not to care. We flirted a little. We nudged each other back and forth with our shoulders as we walked. I was forgetting all about Rebecca. 

I got the text later that night and headed downtown. Irish Times was another pub in Bastion Square that was true to its namesake. It was what you would expect: a bar, whiskey, Guinness, darts, and live Celtic music. I met up with Heather and some of her teammates, none of whom were all that attractive. Some were eating dinner, but Heather and I were just drinking. We all got to talking.
“Where should we go after this?” One of them asked me.
“Depends what you’re in the mood for,” I said, apathetically. I wasn’t interested in conversation with anyone other than Heather.
“I think we just want to drink! Hah, hah, hah…” They all whooed and cheered.
Well, at least they’re my sort of crowd, I thought.
After dinner and a few more drinks I took them to Smith’s pub a couple blocks away. It was an English bar with a good atmosphere and a youngish clientele. I knew the bartender and DJ from a hockey team we’d played on together and they usually comped a few of my drinks, so I wouldn’t break my bank. I paid for Heathers drinks and tried to act like a big shot, considering she didn’t know I was getting two for one. She seemed pleased and had stopped trying to introduce me to her friends; she could tell I wasn’t interested. I think she was happy about that. We were having a good time and reminiscing, making each other laugh and ignoring everyone else. 
Just as we were getting close, real friendly and touchy feely, her friends wanted to pick up and go somewhere else. They were antsy. I didn’t understand it, but I took them to Big Bad John’s, which was a half block up from the Sticky Wicket. We walked there. I was getting my exercise quota. Big Bad John’s was a great place. It had Christmas lights strung throughout, giving it a dim, colourful glow. Bras hung from the ceiling and postcards, letters, pictures, notes, money… all sorts of shit was stapled to the walls. All the chairs were covered with permanent marker and people had chiselled their names and initials into the wooden table tops. It looked like termites had gotten into the furniture but that was all a part of the charm. It was a just crazy place with wild and loud patrons. We found a spot big enough for us along the side wall and sat down. A couple of her friends ordered shots.
Heather and I went up to the bar to get a drink. I was starting to feel optimistic about where the night was headed; we had walked over from Smith’s arm in arm with lots of playful touching. I decided to make a move before her friends made me walk to another bar. I was getting tired.
“Do you want to get out of here?” I asked. 
Her eyes lit up, “Sure.”
I hailed a cab and we took it back to my place. I gave him a twenty (fucking hybrid cabs price gouging me!). We got up to my apartment and stumbled in. We were both drunk. I decided we needed a night cap and Heather agreed. I poured us some vodka lemons and walked towards the couch. Heather was stumbly drunk. She sat on the couch and took her drink, immediately bringing it to her lips - those lips! I wanted to be that drink! We talked a bit, I said something funny, we both started laughing, and Heather fell off the couch and rolled onto the floor in stitches, which made me laugh even harder until I rolled off with her. We played around on the floor, lying on top of each other and having some great conversation. We had another drink. And another. Soon we were too drunk to do anything and passed out together in bed.

Early the next morning I felt Heather moving around under the covers and woke up. I looked down and she had her lips wrapped around my cock.
“Good morning,” I said. She mumbled a reply and continued to suck my cock. It was tough going because of the hangover, but it made me feel a little better and distracted from my pounding head. I was getting close and she stopped. Fucking tease!, I thought. She got up, out of bed, stripped down, and walked towards the door. She turned back to me,
“Well, aren’t you coming?”
I followed her into the shower and we started up again. After a little more head I pulled her up and threw her against the wall. I mounted. It took me a while because of the hangover, which probably left a good impression in her mind. After making her a couple times, I finally came and we towelled off.
“I wish I didn’t have to leave today,” Heather said, pulling her jeans up over her ass.
“I wish you didn’t have to leave at all.”
She kissed me. I felt warm inside. Heather had something that Rebecca didn’t but maybe that was just because I had wanted her for so long. Still, she made me feel at ease.
“Will you come back?” I asked.
“Of course I will. We’ll talk and work something out. The sooner the better.” She smiled at me. That gorgeous smile. Those fucking lips! I grabbed her and pulled them in for a nice long kiss.

Chapter 8

On Monday I had my advanced seminar in film theory. Mostly we just watched movies and talked bullshit. Those were most of my courses really. I planned to graduate with a BA in Bullshit, summa cum laude. 
There was this girl in the class, Lin, who was a graduate student working towards an MA in Art History. She tried to chat me up fairly often but she intimidated me. I shouldn’t have been intimidated by her but I was. She was a graduate student, which I deemed fairly impressive, although I didn’t understand why she would want to do something like that. Still, it seemed to me that she was using school correctly, taking it seriously, and she made me feel woefully inadequate. When I had my longer hair she had said I looked like a young Trent Reznor. I wasn’t sure what to make of that.
“How’d you like the film last week?” Lin asked me.
“I’m not really a fan of horror films. I never got them. I mean I get them, but it doesn’t do anything for me, aside from making me feel sick.”
“Yeah! I totally agree. I really don’t get why the class seems to love them so much.”
“Hipster pseudo-goth comic nerds with social starvation. They’re all the same.”
“That’s what it is, huh?”
“I think. But don’t discount the Outsiders influence, making violence cool. Wannabe greasers and such. Hipsters.”
Three hours later and class was over. We had watched Robocop and I had been assigned to present a thematic analysis of it to the class the next week. I planned to spew some bullshit that would make them all go “Yup! Yup! Yup! Yup! Great point!”, the way they did when the professor talked about the feminist layerings of Dawn of the Dead. 
“What’s your next class?” Lin asked, as she packed up her notebooks and pens.
“I’m done for the day,” I said, worried I was walking into a trap. I really just wanted to go home.
“Oh, lucky! Want to have lunch with me? I have a break before my next one.”
Shit! “Alright,” I said.
We went to the cafeteria and I grabbed a slice of pizza. She had a salad. Why do all girls eat like fucking rabbits? 
“So, what’s your masters in anyways, Lin?” I didn’t really care but conversation was sparse and I felt the need to say something.
“Use of colour in Tom Thomson’s Algonquin Park paintings.”
“That’s the Group of Seven?”
“Yeah. Well, before them and not officially, but yes. It’s interesting stuff. I find it funny how he was heralded as such a big influence on the Group but his style was so different. His tones were very natural and earthy, whereas they often used very bright and bold colours. Thomson was… I want to say more bland, but without the negative ‘stale’ connotations. Do you know what I mean?”
“Yes.”
“I’ve done a fair amount of research thus far and I’ve actually interviewed some of the relatives of some Group members. There was…”
I mostly tuned her out and nodded my head in approval as she talked. I didn’t mean to be rude but I found her tremendously boring. She was a nice girl, but rather ‘bland’, as she would say. 
She talked about her thesis subject for another ten or fifteen minutes and I smiled and pretended to be interested. Then she had to run off to class, so I headed home and laid down for a nap.

Chapter 9

I had been texting Heather back and forth since she had left, while trying to hide it from Rebecca, who was growing more and more paranoid as I became more and more distant. She was a possessive one but the sex was still good. I couldn’t get enough of her in that regard, but she was constantly fishing for answers, which was making it harder to get off when I wanted to.
One night Rebecca was over and we were watching TV and having a few drinks. I went to the washroom and when I came out she was standing there with my phone in her hand.
“Who the fuck is she!?”
“Huh?” I said, trying to play it casual, but it was pretty obvious she had sifted through my message history.
“Who the fuck is Heather?!”
“She’s a friend from home. Stop yelling.”
“What’d you do? Fuck her!? You’re such a goddamn pig!”
“Calm down, will you?”
“No, I won’t calm down until you tell me you love me!”
“Love you?! Rebecca, we’ve only been hanging out a couple of months.”
“Oh, so you love her then! You son-of-a-bitch!”
“No, listen, calm down, will you? You’re going to piss off the neighbours.”
“I DON’T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT THE NEIGHBOURS!”
She threw my phone at me, then a cushion, then a book, then she picked up my guitar.
“HEY! Listen here you crazy bitch… You put that guitar down right now and settle the fuck down!”
Rebecca was stunned. She had never seen me angry and I think I frightened her. She put the guitar down and started to cry. I thought about consoling her but I was just as pissed off as she was by this point. You don’t fuck with a Gretsch Hollow Body. I don’t care how upset you are. Show some respect. 
Rebecca ran by me crying and slammed the door on her way out.

I decided to stay away from Rebecca for a while and pursue Heather. Heather was who I really wanted anyways. Rebecca was just a hot, busty stopgap and I couldn’t be bothered with her mood swings anymore. Plus, it would give me more free time during the week to study. The term was coming to an end, which meant that I had final papers coming up and, while I didn’t exactly need all the extra time for work, if I didn’t have my downtime to procrastinate I tended to stress myself out. I decided to ring Heather in the middle of the week.
“Hey, how do you feel about coming to stay this weekend?”
“I’d love to,” she said.
“Great. I’ll pick you up from the ferry terminal on Friday.”

On Friday afternoon I borrowed Justin’s car and drove to the ferry terminal at Swartz Bay to pick up Heather, who had taken the 5pm ferry from Vancouver. Swartz Bay was about a twenty five minute drive from my apartment, on the northern tip of the peninsula, with a ferry terminal that ran routes back and forth from Vancouver every odd hour of the day. I got there a tad early and sat, staring at the ocean, watching the ship dock. The soft breeze and sound of lapping waves made it easy to get lost in thought. I started fantasizing about Heathers last visit. I got a hard-on and tried to conceal it by leaning tightly against the railing, which only made it worse.
After about ten minutes of staring at the ocean and imagining Heather’s soft lips bobbing up and down on my cock, the foot passengers began disembarking and filing out of the terminal exit. They were mostly students. Everyone was coming to visit their friends for the weekend. Even more were heading the other way, into Vancouver. Finally, Heather came through wearing some hip hugging jeans that showed off her athletic physique, a white v-neck t-shirt, and a thin sweater that did little more than rest gently upon her breasts, exaggerating her taught but curvy figure. I waved her down through the sea of people and she ran over and pressed up against me. I gave her a kiss and got a half hard-on; the weekend was going to be exhausting.
We drove back to my place and I sat on the couch as Heather walked around my apartment, investigating all the little knick knacks and books and things on my shelves.
“Did you buy all these?” She asked, referring to a bookcase full of concert DVDs and guitar tablature of my favourite bands: the Beatles, the Who, the Grateful Dead, and a few music academy guitar books with scales and strumming patterns - real beginners stuff from years back.
“Over the years. Most were presents.”
“I really like the Grateful Dead.”
“Oh?” I was genuinely surprised. Not many girls my age were fans of, or even knew of, the Grateful Dead, unless they were stoners - and Heather was no stoner. She had a fairly high pedigree and carried herself with grace and dignity but without all the hoity-toityness that usually brings.
“My dad was a dead head,” she said.
“I bet he has some stories.”
“More than I want to know.”
I walked over to my LP rack, took out American Beauty by the Dead, put it on the turntable, and dropped the needle into the groove. The speakers started singing, “Look out of any window, any morning, any evening, any day…”. Heather sat down on the couch beside me and I grabbed her thigh, running my hand slowly up her inseam until I was rubbing her cunt. She started moaning. She unzipped my pants, took hold of my cock, and led me into the bedroom. 

An hour later and I was laying in bed next to Heather, who was fast asleep, her warm, naked body pressed up against mine. The phone rang and I walked into the other room and picked it up. It was Rebecca.
“What are you doing tonight?” She asked.
“I’m just staying in, Rebecca. I’m busy.”
“What are you busy with?”
“A friend’s over.”
“Is it her?”
“Yes.”
“You’re a real asshole, you know?”
“I know, Rebecca.”
She hung up. I walked back into bed, slid in behind Heather, and began working myself into her.

The next day Heather wanted to do something fun and touristy, so we drove the car back to Justin’s in Cook St. Village and I took her for a tour of Beacon Hill Park and the downtown inner harbour. We walked around the Parliament buildings and the Empress Hotel, up Wharf St. and through Bastion Square, where I bought Heather a homemade Haida necklace, which I thought was ugly as all hell but she seemed to love. We walked over to Johnson St. and through Market Square, which was this little enclave of shops sheltered from the busy downtown streets. There were vendors selling sushi, bubble tea, Chinese food, smoked salmon and lots of little shops selling crafts and vintage clothing; we browsed through most of the shops and Heather bought some candles made out of bees’ wax, while I got an espresso from a cart-vendor. We bagged up Heather’s candles and headed back downtown to the Royal British Columbia Museum, which was a natural history museum with a large wing dedicated to aboriginal artefacts. There were totem poles, ceremonial masks, canoes, and replica long houses. I had learned all about that sort of stuff in one of my Art History courses, so I was able to explain everything to Heather and feel important.
After leaving the museum, we grabbed an early dinner at The Reef, which was a little Caribbean place on Yates St.. We shared the Ackee & Salt Fish but it wasn’t very good. The waitress told us that it was the official dish of Jamaica, or some Caribbean country. It was just this side of terrible, but we paid prime rates for it anyways. After drinks, the dinner set me back over $70, which was far more than I wanted to spend, but for Heather I decided not to cheap out.
After dinner Heather wanted to go out and get a drink but she needed to go home and change first, so I hailed a cab. I hated to shell out another $20 just to get home and then have to spend another $20 to come back but I felt like the bus wasn’t good enough for Heather, so I reluctantly parted with the little cash I had.
We got home to my apartment and she started to change while I poured us two gin and tonics, strong on the gin. Hopefully I could save a few bucks by getting nice and liquored up before going out. I put Van Morrison’s Astral Weeks on the turntable and sat on the couch taking nice big swigs from my drink and waiting for Heather to come out of the washroom.
Heather opened the door and stepped into the living room, “How do I look?”
“Like sex in heels.”
She was wearing a thin red dress that draped close to her body without being too tight. It had a low cut v-neck that showed off her goods and stopped  about mid-thigh, just enough to drive any guy crazy. She was wearing black nylons, which always did it for me, and I started to get hard. I stood up and walked over to her, grabbing her ass and pulling her in close to me. My half hard-on rubbed against her leg as I kissed her.
“OK, ok!” She said and smiled, “Let’s save it for later, huh? Let’s go have some fun!”
I called for a cab to meet us out front and we took it downtown to the Canoe Club on the water. The Canoe Club wasn’t populated by my crowd. The patrons there were weekend socializers; very few drunks. Usually the only students there were either graduate students or undergrads whom were in with the ‘mature’ crowd. These people did not know how to have a good time. I knew this, though, and took Heather there on purpose. I didn’t want to run into anyone I knew in case she saw a better option. She was far too hot for me and I knew it. I was trying to hide her from the world. I wanted her all to myself.
The Canoe Club was a nice place even though it wasn’t in a great part of town. There were two levels. The lower level had a bar and a pool table and the upper level had another bar and some tables and a DJ in the corner. We sat upstairs and made small talk. I told her how beautiful she was and tried to be charming - the drinks helped with that. She seemed to be enjoying herself, getting nice and tipsy, when a drunk at the next table came over and started talking to her.
“Hey, baby, can I buy you a drink?”
“No, thanks. I’m with someone.”
I felt good. I was with her. Me, lowly old Sean O'Connor!
“Just one drink, you don’t have to be a bitch!”
“No, thanks.”
Heather was annoyed. I thought maybe I should step in but I’m not a big guy and I didn’t want to cause any trouble. The drunk looked at me and then back at her. His eyes were empty and glassed over and he struggled to stay standing, even whilst using our table to lean against. Heather stared at the wall and took a sip of her drink, completely ignoring the drunk, until he staggered back to his own table, muttering something under his breath.
“That guy was a real charmer,” I said, “Don’t go turning him down on account of me, now.”
Heather smiled and laughed and looked at me for a while without saying anything. She made me feel good. She was completely unlike Rebecca, no neurosis at all, but it was still early, and we were still young.

The next day I packed Heather off into a cab for the ferries and we said our loving goodbyes. The weekend had gone well and I could tell she didn’t want to leave, and I didn’t want her to either, but she had a life to live and so did I. I watched as her sexy legs folded into the backseat of the Prius and almost wept. I wasn’t sure if I was in love with her or her body but I felt the distinction was an irrelevance anyways. Relationships had been built on far less.

Chapter 10

Later that night I was sitting at home flipping through the pages of an Art History textbook without paying much mind to soaking up any of the information. I had a final in my Southeast Asian Art History course the next day that I should have been studying for but I knew I could get a B without, so I wasn’t taking it all that seriously. It was open book and I knew enough to get by: Buddha this, Angkor Wat that. It was pretty basic. I was staring blankly at some Khmer temple reliefs when Steven dropped by and slammed a brown paper bag down on the table
“Hungry?” He asked.
“No thanks.”
“You look pale. Eat something.”
“I had a bowl of soup.”
“OK. Dessert then,” He tossed me a ball of fudge about the size of a golf ball, “Really chew on it for a while, though. I don’t have many. Make it last.”
I popped the piece of fudge into my mouth, not thinking much of it, and tried to chew it but it tasted, and felt, like a root. It was a little rubbery and difficult to chew. It was awful.
“Did you make these?” I asked.
“Yeah, I made them with a friend from res. Not bad, eh?”
“Tastes like shit.”
“You must’ve gotten a bad one. Here, have another.”
“This tastes like shit too.”
“Try another.”
“Fuck off. These really taste like shit. It’s like you covered a ball of dirt with fudge and then baked it.”
“That’s because they’re mushrooms. If you have something you need to do tonight, you better go throw up now.”
“…Oh? Better pass me one more.”
My final was going to be a breeze anyways and I loved mushrooms. I always had a pretty pleasant high but everyone experienced mushrooms a little differently. I’d heard people describing holding phones and having them melt right through their hands. This was bullshit. These people had either never done mushrooms, or they were simply full of shit. Maybe they had watched one too many movies, or seen a few too many after school PSAs. Mushrooms were closer to marijuana than LSD, although I guess, technically, they were ‘psychedelics’, but I never experienced much of that. 
We played some video games for the next half hour, waiting for the stuff to kick in. Mushrooms took a while to hit their stride but, when they did, they were long lasting. It was always a bit of a surprise when they kicked in and that was part of the fun. I felt my hands tingle a little and thought it was all beginning to happen but I wasn’t sure. I wanted to get outside.
“We’ve got to go,” I said.
“Where?”
“Let’s take the bus.”
“Where?”
“Coffee?”
“Where?”
“Cook St.?”
“Alright.”
We went outside and jumped on the first bus we saw but it took us the opposite direction and we ended up getting off at the campus loop. The mushrooms hit their stride and I began blanking on which bus we had to take to get to Cook St. village. Meanwhile, Steven was walking about, approaching random students and asking them weird questions.
“Will you brew me a cup?” he asked a group of people. They pointed towards a coffee shop underneath the bookstore, which was about fifty feet away. He didn’t acknowledge their answer, “I’d like a cup,” he said. They ignored him. He walked over to more people, “How do I go to the coffee store?”. They ignored him. He did this a few more times, “Anyone?”.
“It’s not going to work, Steven. We need to find some food. Maybe we should just cook something.”
“COOK!” He screamed and began running around to all the students waiting in line for the busses again, “Cook street! Cook! Cook? Where is it?” Steven noticed that people still weren’t paying attention to him and he stopped shouting for a moment. He looked down at the ground and took a deep breath, as if to pull himself together. He walked up to the nearest person,
“Excuse me, sir. How would one go about apprehending… reprimanding… appropriating vehicular accommodations to the seaside village of famed explorer James Cook?”
“Uhh…” The student stood there with a blank stare on his face, unable to make sense of Steven.
“Cook St. village!!” Steven screamed.
The kid stammered, “Th..the.. #7.”
“A much appreciated congratulations to you, fine gentleman!” Steven turned towards me with a grin on his face, “Aaaand, we’re off!” He spun around and pointed towards the #7 bus waiting by the curbside at the front of the loop.
We got on the #7 and sat silently at the top of the bus. Victoria had these fantastic double-decker buses, like the ones in England, that offered great vantage points of the streets below, especially when one was on drugs. I watched in awe at all the bright lights and the people and the trees and the dogs and the students with backpacks larger than themselves, lugging their education up steep hills and into libraries and book stores and cafés, working towards a piece of paper with their name on it and a signature stamped on it that assured them that they had once paid $40,000 to work their ass off for three, four, five, six years. A piece of paper that would sit in the attic and collect dust and no one anywhere would ever ask to see it unless they became doctors or lawyers, but even then an undergraduate degree still meant jack shit to patients or clients wandering in off the streets, who were probably university graduates themselves with their own stamped pieces of paper hidden away in their own dusty attics. And once they graduated and got this piece of paper they would go in for a job interview and some man in a suit would ask them, “Do you have an undergraduate degree?” and they would smile and say, “Why, yes, I do” and no one would ever ask to see it and someone who wasn’t a total moron could spew the same line of bullshit without ever having to spend the $40,000. And here were these stupid fucking kids, of which I was one of them, not only forking out money for tuition, but also throwing money around on books, which were not only the students’ resources, but also the professors’, and no one ever needed the professors because the professors were just walking, talking versions of these books. I mean, shit, a free library card could get all these students an identical education. But an education was not what this was all about. That much was clear.
“HEY!” Steven shouted and then lowered his voice almost to a whisper, “it’s time to get off…”
Another thing about mushrooms: self-awareness wasn’t always there and sometimes you couldn’t tell just how loud or quiet you were being. Levels could be difficult to gage.
We got off near the Moka House on Cook St. and walked up to Justin’s buzzer. 
“Hello?” Justin’s voice came through the intercom.
“A spot of tea, fine sir?” Steven asked, in his best English accent, and began giggling. I began to giggle too. It was very funny to the both of us. 
“One sec,” the voice answered back.
The three of us walked to the Moka House and sat outside on the patio with teas and coffees. I got one of each because I couldn’t decide what I was in the mood for. Justin did the ordering for us, though; it was hard talking to strangers on mushrooms, especially when they were straight.
I sat there and stared at my tea and coffee and Steven at his. Justin was playing with his phone because we weren’t being very good company but, in our defence, it was hard to maintain dialogue with a straight. I became enthralled with the steam surfacing from my drinks and began comparing the two, wondering if I could tell which one was hotter just by examining the delicate characteristics of the steam. I started to pour the tea into the coffee and then the coffee into the tea in an attempt to equalize the steam densities; I felt like I was playing God. 
“Did you figure it out?” I asked Steven.
“Just about. I think I need a few milligrams of ice.” Steven was doing the same thing.
“What in the fuck are you two doing?”
“Shh,” I said, “Your hostile tones create too much heat and could ruin everything!” 
Steven nodded his head in agreement without taking his eyes off of the drinks. “Actually,” he said, “Send some of that tone my way, Justin. I think I can even them out!”
Justin shook his head. It was hard to tell if he was disgusted or if he found us amusing. I got the feeling he was a bit ticked off that we didn’t include him; if anyone liked drugs, it was Justin. The first time I met Justin he was tripping on acid at a house-party during the first semester of my first year. He was trying to re-enact that whole Almost Famous scene (which was actually just re-enacting Robert Plant on the Sunset Strip), the one where the guy stands on a roof and yells out “I’m a golden god!” before jumping into a swimming pool, except Justin was standing on the edge of a hot tub with about ten people crammed into it and they weren’t too happy when he finally jumped. The second time I bumped into him was in the cafeteria about a week later and he had claimed to be in the middle of a week long peyote trip. He had been moving awfully slowly and he spoke mostly in proverbs, although they were hardly profound. He had said things like “a bird is only as strong as his tallest tree” and “the sky falls when you look down”. I didn’t understand them then and I don’t understand them now. My favourite was probably “the milk is only bitter in Croatia”, although I’m still not sure if that was intended as a proverb or just a weird fact.
“Hello, Sean.”
I looked up from my two steaming drinks, which were now weird mixes of tea and coffee, a drink the Chinese called Yuanyang. Rebecca was standing over the table.
“Oh, hello,” I said, feeling stoned and awkward.
“So… how was your weekend?”
“It was great!” I said, trying to be amiable but completely spacing on the implications of my enthusiasm, “How ‘bout you?”
“You’re such a dick...”
Rebecca turned and walked into the Moka House to grab a coffee, while I sat there confused for a moment before realizing what I had said. I was a dick.
“Damn,” Justin said, “You’re a heartbreaker. Can’t believe you hit that.”
“I didn’t hit anyone,” I said.
“He’s a lover, not a fighter,” Steven said.

I spent the night on Justin’s couch because I was too lazy to take the bus home, so I had to get up a little earlier than usual to get to campus for my in-class final in Southeast Asian Art History. When I got there the professor had already placed test materials on each desk - an exam booklet flipped upside down and a workbook to write our essay responses in. I sat down in a seat by myself in the third row and removed my textbooks and note sheets from my backpack. I didn’t quite get the point of open book exams - did anyone ever fail? Was it just testing our research skills? How quickly we were able to look up information? I could have skipped every class, walked in for the final, and walked out with at least a C. It was ridiculous. 
Slowly, the students filed in and filled up the empty seats. We were given three hours to complete the exam. I was out in one, and three credits closer to my shiny piece of paper.

Chapter 11

For the next week I smoked pot. A lot of pot. I also listened to the Beatles. A lot of Beatles.

Chapter 12

On the weekend I called Heather and she talked dirty to me on the phone for a while. She was a lot freakier than I had first thought and I sort of enjoyed it, which wasn’t like me at all. I was usually quite reserved, sexually, and I tried to keep my chronic masturbation on the down low. We didn’t talk for long, though; she had all her finals to study for and I had my final papers to write, so we made tentative plans to meet up again when we were both finished. The term was almost over and summer was coming up, which meant that she was going to be able to come over a lot more frequently. I had decided to stay in classes for the summer in the hopes of being able to slack off in my final year and take a light course load. Luckily, Justin was staying in town and getting a job as a parking attendant at one of the city-owned parkades downtown ($35/hr to give people change!) and Steven was taking classes with me for at least the first month (summer session had four terms and courses only ran three to four weeks each). All that was left was to write a few final papers and then I’d have two weeks to kill before the first summer session began. 
I had three papers to write. One was for my film seminar and was a fifteen page thematic discussion of a film of my choosing. I chose Luna Papa, which was a Russian comedy, and wrote a stylistic analysis of the ‘fantastic realism’ employed in the film. (I had written this paper the year before for a Russian film course, so it was as easy as printing off another copy). One paper down.
The second paper was for my Emily Carr course and it was a breeze. I wrote twelve pages discussing the impact of aboriginal art on Carr’s style and methodology. It was basically a report. I didn’t need to incorporate any new thoughts on the subject, so I was able to finish it in about a day by stealing other peoples quotes and expanding on their ideas.
The third paper was the only difficult one. It was for my early Islamic Art History course. Counting the first day of class and the midterm, I had only been to a total of 4 classes, so I was basically starting from scratch. We were given a list of topics to choose from and I picked the one that looked the easiest. It was a report on some manuscript that was basically a zoological index of animals in the middle east, dating back to the 7th century. The pictures were awful. I mean, fucking awful, and I was supposed to pretend that a stick figure gazelle was a stylistic revelation in early Islamic art. Not to mention that the use of multiple dimensions was apparently way ahead of its time. Yes, these were some gifted artists who drew a rock behind an elephant - what an astounding use of perspective! But I was smart enough to know that the point of papers did not lie in some make believe academic pursuit of truth but, rather, it was to tell professors what they wanted to hear. I scanned some of the pictures into the report and gave them thoughtful descriptions, erring on the side of sublimity, more often than not. I found if you used colourful language with enough gusto, professors usually thought you were on to something and gave you good - albeit undeserved - grades. Toss in a paragraph or two about ‘constructed identities’ (I don’t know why, but professors loved talking about identities. Show me a prof who didn’t and I’ll show you a liar) and you were sitting on a solid B+ paper.
After four three-hour days of work, I had finished my final three term papers and was done my third year of university. 

Chapter 13

The next week Steven and Justin were busy with finals and I was mostly lazing around my apartment, smoking lots of pot and eating too many chips. I never knew how it happened as it did, but Art History students almost never had to write any finals. Everything was either in class at the end of term, rather than in the allotted final exam period, or in the form of term papers. I enjoyed it, though. Papers were easier to write than finals. For one, you had ample time to make sure everything was just the way you wanted it and, on top of that, bullshitting was an accepted form of writing. And that was something I was good at. 
I was just getting in from a stoned bike ride around the neighbourhood when my phone rang.
“Hello?”
“Sean! Hey man, it’s Pete.”
“Oh, hey Pete, how you doing?”
Peter Stanton was a friend from high school. He was going to the University of Calgary in Alberta.
“Good, good. You? Listen, I’m coming to Victoria tomorrow to stay for a day or two. I can crash on your couch?”
“Of course. You need a ride?”
“Nah, I’ll bus it in. See you tomorrow.”

I woke up early the next morning and cleaned up a bit before Pete arrived. Pete was a good guy but a little intimidating on account of how tall he was; he towered over me at 6’3. He wasn’t a big guy, by any means, though - he was thin as a toothpick, but that only made him seem taller. We had been friends since I was fourteen and my parents forced me to make the switch from my local public school to a private high school; Pete ended up showing me around on my first day. We had been through a lot together. I had gotten drunk for the first time at his house when I was 17 (I was a late starter) and had my first heavy make-out session with a girl at one of his parties when I was 16 (I didn’t know at the time, but that same girl made out with Pete and one other guy that night - what a slut!). It was going to be good to see him again. Unfortunately, he was coming in the middle of a heat wave and I had no A/C in my dingy little one bedroom apartment. 
Victoria was good for one heat wave a year, which lasted about a week and came anywhere from May to August, one could never be sure. Other than that one week, the summers were always mild and the ocean breeze was all the A/C anyone ever needed to keep comfortable. But that one week was always hell. No one was ever prepared. Today’s average: 41 degrees Celsius, and this is Canada. That’s goddamn hot, for Christ’s sake!
Pete called around noon asking for directions to my place. He was downtown and I told him which busses to catch to get uptown to my apartment. A half hour later and he was at my door.
“Jesus Christ! It sure is hot out. How you been, buddy?”
Pete was an amiable character. He had short curly blonde hair and blue eyes. He could have been a model if he weren’t so skinny. 
“Good,” I said, “I just finished everything up last week. Calgary must have gotten done early, huh?”
“Yeah. We’re a bit ahead of you guys out there,” Pete said, shooting me a teasing wink. People looked down on Victoria. I think it was because we were off the mainland and tended to keep to ourselves. They seemed to think we were slow or something but, Christ, we weren’t Newfoundland. “You got anything cold to drink, or what?”
I grabbed a couple beers from the fridge and we sat on the balcony watching the cars pass by, flicking our bottle caps onto pedestrians below.
“Why is it so goddamn hot?” Pete asked.
“Hold on,” I said, and grabbed a standing fan from inside. I propped it up and pointed it towards us. It didn’t help very much.
“So what’s there to do here?”
“Not much,” I said, “Most people are still writing exams for another week.”
“Where’s Steven?”
“He’s still doing his finals.”
“Well, you got any pot then? Maybe it’ll help with the heat.”
“Sure,” I said and grabbed a joint from inside. We lit it up and got nice and high, but smoking it was exhausting. It was just too goddamn hot.
“Let’s go for a walk,” I said.
I took Pete over to the university and we walked around the commons for a while. It was mostly dead. Everyone had packed themselves in, cramming all they could before stepping into the examination hall for judgement. Everything they had done up to this point came down to one three hour exam, so tensions were running high. Of course, the 4:20 club still managed to meet on Wednesdays in front of the library. I guess now was when people needed it the most.
We walked to the library and sat down at the fountain, dangling our legs in the water and taking a load off. The heat was unbearable. Sweat seeped out of every pore on my body. I rolled up my pants and waded a few feet out, into the middle of the fountain, which was only a couple feet deep. I reached down and splashed my face. It felt wonderful. Other students saw me and came over, took their own shoes off, and walked out into the fountain. Soon there were ten or fifteen of us in there. Some fell down and dunked their entire bodies into the pool of water. When a bit of a splash war broke out I decided that I’d had enough. Pete and I put our shoes back on and started walking back towards my apartment.
“What is with all these goddamn bunnies?” Pete asked, “Fucking rodents everywhere!”
Our school was overridden with docile bunnies. They were so used to having hundreds of people walking around that you could go right up to them and pick them up and usually they’d make soft purring noises, but sometimes they’d just crap in your hand.
“They kill them in the winter,” I said.
“Who kills them?”
“The school. Whenever we come back after winter break there are always hundreds of baby bunnies running around and no big fat ones. It’s genocide.”
“No one cares?”
“Oh, people care. The animal protection groups go ape shit over it.”
“How can they keep killing them, then?”
“I think even the activists are apathetic here. A couple years ago there was a big fuss over a bunny that got shot with an arrow. Right through both ears, a clean shot.”
“Damn impressive!”
“That’s what I thought! But they made a big deal out of it, the animal rights groups, and we had strict bunny bylaws for a while. Can you believe that, bunny bylaws? It was outrageous! We weren’t allowed to pick them up or feed them anymore and they even roped off some of the grassy areas for bunnies to sit, undisturbed. Rodents had more rights than we did! But in a month or two it all sort of blew over and people forgot about it.”
Pete walked over to the edge of a grassy area and picked up a bunny. It bit him in the finger.
“YooOOW!! You just wait until next winter, you little twat!”

That evening we meant to get drunk but it was too goddamn hot. We had a few beers each and ended up overworking the freezer to produce ice to rub over our beading faces. We sat inside and propped the standing fan up behind a bowl of ice in an attempt to cool the air as it was being thrown at us. It didn’t work but we kept doing it. We must have had to refill the ice bowl every five or ten minutes. It was agonizing. 
For dinner we didn’t want to cook anything to heat the place up so we decided to order a pizza. I rang the pizza place up the block,
“Pepperoni and banana peppers for pickup. Side of ice, please.”
We decided to walk to get the pizza because it was only one block down Shelbourne St., but first we smoked another joint, just to get our stomachs begging for it, otherwise we wouldn’t have eaten at all. The heat took it right out of us. 
We got to the pizza place and by then I was seriously stoned. The heat made me light headed and the weed hit hard. Not to mention that it felt like Hell inside that place. They had the ovens on full blast and the A/C was broken. 
I sat in a chair by the window, light-headed and fading fast. There was this greasy 15 year old kid behind the counter, his skin overrun with blotchy red pimples. I kept imagining horns protruding from his red, pock-marked skin. The devil! He’s the devil and I’m in hell! I was sweating a pool at my feet and was so stoned I thought it was blood and began to panic.
“How much longer for the pizza?” I asked.
“About two minutes,” the kid answered.
I watched the kid answer the phone and take more orders. He wasn’t even sweating and he was wearing the company uniform: a heavy looking golf-tee with half-sleeves and a hat to boot. He wasn’t even drinking water. He looked comfortable. I just knew he was out to get me, the greasy little bastard.  
“Here you go. Pizza’s up,” he said.
We grabbed it and got the hell out of there.

That night was hell and I probably only managed three or four hours of solid sleep. The rest was spent tossing and turning and towelling off my sweat soaked sheets. It didn’t get cool until 3 or 4 in the morning and then it started heating up again an hour later. I kept hearing Pete get up throughout the night to replace the ice bowl in front of the fan. 
At noon we met Steven at the campus pub, Felicitas, for a quick lunch. It was a fairly rushed meeting, as Steven had to get back to studying for his finals. He had three exams in the next two days and was doing ten hour sessions cooped up in the library with nothing but his books, coffee, and some Ritalin. We had a good time, talking about high school days, old stories, and exchanging updates on anyone that we still kept in touch with. Most seemed to be far more productive than I. There were a few that were headed to Law school and another to Business school. I wasn’t very happy for them but I feigned interest.
After lunch Pete grabbed the bus from the campus loop to Swartz Bay. His internship at a real-estate development firm began in the morning and he had to get back and make sure he had everything in order for his first day. I went home, took a cold shower, and tried to fall asleep. When I woke up my sheets were tossed on the floor and I was drenched in my own sweat. The week couldn’t end soon enough.

The next day Heather called and asked if I wanted to go up to the Okanagan the following week but I had to decline because I was going to be in summer session by then. It killed me to say no but I had no other choice, summer session moved so fast that if you missed a week, you’d be down 25% right off the bat. I just wanted to go to the Okanagan, sit by the lake and suntan, swim, and rent jet skis. Mostly, though, I just wanted to stare at Heather in a two piece all week.
“When I get back,” she said, “I’ll come stay with you for a while.”
“Please do. I’m lonely over here.”
“Poor boy,” she said, sounding sympathetic and concerned, the way girls do when they really just want to fuck, “It won’t be long.”

Chapter 14
 
A couple days later, Steven was done his exams and I went to go visit him in his dorm room. He lived in the Poole residence, which was one of the older buildings and the same one I had stayed in the previous year, before moving into my own apartment. It was fairly rundown but cleaned every day by staff to remove the overnight vomit and empty beer cans, so it was tolerable. There was one newer residence on campus, which was still in great condition, but the rooms were smaller and the people tended to keep to themselves, so Poole was actually a great place to live. 
Steven’s room was cold and unwelcoming and he did very little to change that. Most students hung posters of their favourite movies or bands on their walls but he hadn’t bothered to personalize his at all. It looked like a prison cell. Even the sheets were military grade. One could only come to two conclusions about Steven by looking at his room. Either, a) he was an artsy minimalist, showing off his lack of possessions for all to see how deep he was (this would usually be a safe bet, the level of pretentiousness at university was astronomical) or b) he just didn’t care. And I knew Steven wouldn’t care what people thought. Apathy was the name of his game and he played it to the bone. 
We were sitting and chatting when someone knocked on his door. He got up to answer it. It was a gorgeous girl with some of the biggest breasts I’d ever seen. She was in her pajamas and a tank top with no bra on. Her nipples were hard and they popped through her top for everyone to see. I was stunned.
“Do you have those sociology notes? My final’s tonight and I’m sooo not ready,” she said to Steven and he turned and rummaged through a stack of papers on his desk as I watched her tits sway back and forth in the doorway. She wouldn’t even look at me. She was out of my league and I knew it, so I didn’t feel bad about staring, knowing that’s as close to her as I was ever going to get. She made me pine for Heather.
“Here you go,” he said, handing them to her.
“Thanks, will I see you later?”
“Sure,” he said and gave her a hug. He reached around and pinched her ass. She squealed and laughed.
“Oh, you! See you tonight, Steven!”
“Ah, you‘re something else,” I said. Steven shut the door and returned to the edge of his bed. He just shrugged. “Who was that?”
“Fuck if I know.”
“What?”
“I can’t remember her name. I just met her last weekend. She lives down the other end of the hall in the girls wing. I was drinking with Jordan from across the hall and I blacked out. When I came to I was sitting in the stairwell and I had my tongue down her throat,” Steven’s faced turned serious, plummeting deep into contemplation, “Fuck!, I must be damn smooth to pick up girls while I’m blacked out.”
“Lucky kid,” I said, “The last time I got black out drunk, when I came to, I was sitting underneath a doorway downtown with a toothless homeless girl and a crack head.”
“OK, but was the toothless girl hot?”
“Oh! Fantastic head!”
We were looking through the academic calendar, figuring out which courses we wanted to take for the summer. We both had electives to fill, so it really didn’t matter what we chose. We looked for the most ridiculous classes we could find and, believe me, summer session is when you found all the ridiculous classes. There were courses on MTV and the music video, African hand drumming, vampire films, hockey literature, heck, there was even a course on Entertainment Wrestling, which is what we finally settled on for the first session. Steven wasn’t sure if he was going to stay around longer than that to fill more electives but I went ahead and signed up for a music history of the Beatles and a film course in modern cinema.

Chapter 15

Later that night I was at home and going on a bit of a bender. I had gotten a call from Pete earlier that day and he had told me about his run in with John Christopher. John was this spacey kid, a real out there type, but not in a good way. He had been in our grade in school but no one really talked to him. He was a bit of a nut job. He was the kid who used to torture all the class pets; he pulled the legs off of a newt in the biology lab - just straight up decapitated the poor little guy. Maybe his parents fucked up, or maybe it was because he had two first names instead of a last name like all the normal kids, but John was borderline psychotic, as I remembered him anyhow.
So, Pete had run into John the other day, and I guess he had pulled his shit together and had finished his undergrad in three years and was off to medical school in the States in the fall. John ‘the decapitator’ Christopher was going to be a fucking doctor and it made me sick. I was doing nothing with my life, just sitting around and getting high all day and doing the minimum amount of work to get by and never really feeling like I gave a shit about anything that I was studying and only getting my kicks from ‘working the system’. 
And that’s why I was drinking, a lot. And that’s why I was smoking myself stupid, and sometimes I smoked for pleasure, and sometimes I smoked because I was bored, but this time I was smoking to abuse myself and it was all the same in the end but it was a different mindset and this one was self-destructive.
I went into the kitchen and poured myself some shots and threw them all back as fast as I could and sucked on a bottle of beer to ease the burning. I stumbled back to the couch and got a hankering for a cigarette but I never smoked and didn’t own any, so I grabbed my keys and stumbled across the street to the gas station where I bought a pack of Marlboros. I went outside to the curb and lit one up and took a long, hard drag and proceeded to throw up immediately, right there in the parking lot. People looked at me like I was a no good bum and that’s what I wanted to feel right then so I choked down a couple more cigarettes and threw up again. My guts were lined up all over the curb and people looked at me like I was a fucking nut, like I was John fucking Christopher, and it was great.
I called Justin and told him to come pick me up in his car. He was there in ten or fifteen minutes and we went to Fountain Restaurant, a Chinese buffet, where Justin tried to sober me up, only instead of eating the food I just went to the lobster tank and stuck my whole arm in and tried to grab one of the livelier ones without getting pinched. I laughed and laughed and laughed and finally an employee came over and began screaming at me in Cantonese and tossed us both out on the curb. 
I was still going strong and reeling in my self-pity and beginning to enjoy destroying myself, so we went to a liquor store and I grabbed a mickey of vodka and started taking nice big swigs. 
“Letzzgo downtun,“ I said.
We got back in the car and Justin drove us downtown somewhere. I couldn’t really figure out where we were, but somehow I knew where to go. We parked the car and walked towards the inner harbour, where I yelled at people and said stupid things and laughed and laughed, all the while taking nice big swigs of vodka. In the inner harbour all the buskers were still out and so was the guy who dresses up as Darth Vader and plays the fiddle and he was really letting the fiddle do its thing and I started doing a jig and falling over and getting right back up, jigging all the while.
Justin began laughing and shouting and he was really having a blast, watching me destroy myself, because it was such a rare thing to witness someone going completely off the deep end and, when you saw it in person, you couldn’t help but appreciate it. Maybe he was laughing with me, rather than at me. I wasn’t sure and I didn’t care. Either way, it fuelled my belligerence. 
Justin began egging me on, “Come on! Chug the last of it! Hah, hah, hah!!”
“Din’t chyooo witch meh! I’ll ma gunna dooo it!” I said and chugged back the last of the mickey and threw up over the railing of the harbour into the ocean below and probably into some unlucky rich man’s yacht.

When I came to I wasn’t sitting next to a crack head or a cute, but toothless, homeless girl. I was lying on the floor of Justin’s apartment, wearing a shirt stained with the previous night’s dinner. I got up and went to the washroom and looked at myself in the mirror. I ran the faucet, splashed my face with water, and threw up in the toilet, which made me feel a little better but I was still clammy and shaking, sweating out all the excess alcohol from the night before. I rummaged through Justin’s cabinets and found a Gravol that I washed down with some lukewarm tap water. It helped a little. Justin came out of his room, looked at me, and laughed.
“Some night,” he said.
I just groaned and followed him into the kitchen where he put on a pot of coffee.
“You were a wreck,” he said, “I can’t believe you ran away from the cops.”
“I did?”
“WHAT! You don’t remember? Hah, hah, oh man, that’s too good!”
“What happened?”
“A cop stopped you downtown and wanted you to walk a straight line because it was obvious you were plastered. I thought he was going to throw you in the tank! You started walking the line, and then you started skipping, and then you started running away as fast as you could screaming, ‘You’ll never catch me, I’m the gingerbread man!’” Justin waved his arms through the air, imitating my skipping and yelling.
“…Fuck me…”
“And the cop didn’t even try, he just let you go!”
“Jesus…”
I drank my coffee but it didn’t do much and I still felt like shit. 
“Justin, can you give me a ride home?”
“Hah, hah, sure, man, sure…”

On Monday, summer session began and Steven and I went to the first lecture of FA 355: Wrestling as Drama. The professor was the university’s head librarian and also a wrestling fanatic. I remembered when I was 12 and I would run home, eager to watch WWF RAW every Monday night from 5-6. I’d sit at the table with my parents and gobble up my dinner as fast as I could and then I’d park myself in front of the TV and watch The Big Show choke slam The Undertaker and it was all real and it was all great. But then I turned 13. 
The course was a little different than I had expected and the professor took it rather seriously. He had us reading academic analyses of Greek dramas and tragedies and he’d make connections between them and wrestling, using all the strange Greek words that no one had bothered to use for thousands of years, except in certain academic circles. We read a Greek drama and learned about the travelling play houses and the jesters and how the audiences reacted to all of it, and then we’d throw on some Sunday Night Smackdown and watch two oiled up gorillas dance around each other, spewing verbal attacks back and forth, and playfully pretending to punch one another. The audience in the video was eating it up but the class was sitting there, quietly, respectfully, watching with intensity of academic purpose. It was a wild scene.
For how serious the class was, though, it wasn’t very hard. We were assigned quite a few readings but they mostly just covered what we discussed in class, so there wasn’t much incentive to read them. We had three quizzes that fell on each Friday, summing up whatever we had learned that week, and one small paper due on the last Monday of class. It wasn’t a lot to take on and I never once felt stressed.
Campus was a crazy place to be in the summer. It took on a whole different feel. During the year people were always panicking and running around like chickens with their heads chopped off and losing their shit over a quiz, a lab, a midterm, a paper, a final, a presentation, a reading, or just having general stress meltdowns; the claustrophobia didn’t help. But during the summer, people were relaxed and everyone was out playing Frisbee on the field in front of the library or volleyball on a makeshift court set up over by the student union building. The 4:20 club kicked it up and notch and began meeting bi-, even tri-weekly, and in massive numbers. I guess it was the types of courses that people were taking in the summer: mostly electives, basket weaving courses. It was an arts student’s paradise.
After each class Steven and I would smoke a joint and walk through Finnerty Gardens, which was this secluded little grove of grass and dirt paths through an Eden of northwest horticulture. It was on campus, near the Fine Arts building, and hardly anyone ever went there in the summer, so we almost always had it all to ourselves. It was gorgeous. We’d sit on the grass and light one up and sometimes we’d bring a guitar and sing happy stoner songs and sometimes we’d just lay there and close our eyes and listen to the birds chirping and the rabbits fucking. It was impossible to have a care in the world. If we got really stoned, we would play hide ’n’ go seek through the maze of evergreens and fern bushes and wild flowers and have a ball of a time and almost believe in God because we had this whole little word all to ourselves. Everything was perfect and I no longer cared about John Christopher one bit. He could have his medicine and his potential earnings and his newts and I’d have my paradise.

Chapter 16

On Thursday Heather called and said she was coming out to see me on Friday. She planned to stay right through the week, as long as I didn’t get sick of her. It felt like forever since she had last visited and I was a little nervous. I held off masturbation.

On Friday, I made sure my place was tidy and my course work was in order so I wouldn’t have much to do while Heather visited and I could spend more time caressing her sweet, hard body. I realized I had some bad habits: when classes were meaningless I tended to put more effort into them, but when they were part of my concentrated major, I really didn’t give a shit. But both ways I usually ended up with decent grades, so I guess my system was working.
Heather came over on the ferry that afternoon and I borrowed Justin’s car to pick her up again. I got to the ferries early and watched the ship dock. It was the same scene all over again but I was doing a better job of concealing my erection this time.
The ship docked and Heather flew out of the arrivals gate wearing a sundress that kicked up in the wind as she ran, displaying her ass to all the men, who were ogling her from afar and adding the image to their permanent repertoires, no doubt. She flew at me with open arms and we kissed and I ran my tongue all around those tantalizingly soft lips. I pulled her tight against my body and slyly ran my hand down her spine until it was resting on her taught little behind. She pressed her thigh against my cock and we hopped in the car and headed back to my apartment, doing 130 the whole way. When we got home she mauled me and took all her pent up frustrations out on my poor little cock. Afterwards we laid in bed, staring at the ceiling, not saying much but just enjoying each others company. After a while, Heather dozed off and I went into the kitchen to fix myself a drink. I sat in the living room with a gin and tonic, reading about the origins of the tragoidia and the Greek Dionysia festival.
When Heather finally woke up, we went up to campus and I introduced her to Steven. Things were going well and they seemed to be getting along. Both being athletes, they had a lot to talk about. They chatted and I sat idly by on the edge of Steven’s dorm room bed, sucking at a bottle of beer and feeling less than interesting.
When they finally got hungry from all their chatter, we went to the cafeteria for dinner and Steven comped us on his meal card. Honey-crusted tilapia with mashed potatoes and mixed greens, not bad for gulag food.
“Remember when Pete came to visit in first year?” Steven asked me.
“And he threw up in the morning right outside the caf window with about a hundred people watching him?” I laughed, remembering the faces of disgust on all the girls and the unbridled laughter of all the boys. 
“…I was thinking about the night before, when he yakked out of your second story window and hit that girl walking below!” Steven erupted in laughter.
“Boys are so gross,” Heather said, furrowing her brow with obvious discontent, “I don’t understand what the fun is in getting that drunk!”
“Like you’ve never gotten drunk…” Steven said, shoving bits of fish into his mouth.
Heather shook her head. She wasn’t amused with either of us and I knew it wasn’t going to bode well for my sex life. I figured I should separate her from all the vulgar stories that Steven knew before it was too late and so I rushed some goodbyes and we hopped in the car and drove home. We didn’t have sex that night.

On Saturday I took Heather to Butchart Gardens over in Brentwood Bay. It was similar to Finnerty Gardens on campus but it was a hundred times larger and a lot tidier. It was very pristine. Quite unnatural, actually. It was a huge tourist trap. Most of the visitors were elderly folk who’d spent their whole lives in cities and had never seen so many trees and flowers all in one place.
“Oh, look at that Edith! How marvellous!”
It was fairly boring. Heather loved it but it was too plastic for me. We weren’t even allowed to step on the grass. We had to follow this cement path that wound us around clusters of various plants. It was just a museum, really. We stopped in the restaurant for lunch.
“You must come here all the time,” Heather said, “it’s so lovely!”
“This is my first time.”
“Really? Wow! I’d come here every weekend!”
“Ah, it’s not so great. Kind of fake, no?”
“Not at all!”
“Alright.”
“I’m excited to finish eating so we can get right back out there!”
“Haven’t we seen enough?”
“No way!”
I shuffled along for the afternoon, ten steps behind Heather. She was so excited. I made like I was reading all the signs with the scientific names of the plants. Ceanothus Americanus of the Rhamnaceae family. Filipendula of the Rosaceae family. Pelargonium of the Geraniaceae family. It was all so very exhausting. Some little kid, maybe eight years old, bumped into me as his mother dragged him by the arm, along the cement path.
“I want to go home!” he yelled.
“Just be quiet, Jeremy! People are staring! You’re making a scene!”
“But I don’t want to be here! I want to go home!”
“Please, Jeremy, just cooperate!”
He started crying. 
“Jeremy, please, just hush! Look! Look at all the pretty flowers!”
“I don’t like the flowers!”
“Jeremy!”
“Flowers are stuuuuupid!”
He started grabbing the flowers and ripping them out of the ground. 
“Jeremy, stop that! Oh my god, Jeremy Robert Peterson!”
He continued to cry, “Wahh, wahh, I want to go home! Wahh!”
“OK, FINE!” She yanked him by the arm and they ran by me, back towards the entrance. The kid smiled at me as he passed. 

I woke up the next morning and Heather was already up and showered and dressed.
“Let’s go!” she said.
“Where are we going?”
“Downtown of course! I want to go to the beach!”
“Jesus Christ. It’s only 9 a.m. Go back to bed.”
“Don’t be such a sour puss,” she said, “Get on up and put some clothes on. You don’t need to shower. You can do that later.”
“Just go without me.” 
I rolled over and closed my eyes. Heather mumbled something under her breath and slammed the bedroom door. I fell back asleep and woke up two hours later. I stretched, stepped out of bed, and walked into the kitchen for a glass of water. Heather was sitting on the couch in the living room, staring at the wall.
“What’re you still doing here?” I asked. She looked at me with murder in her eyes. She didn’t say anything. 
“Alright,” I said, “Just let me put on some clothes.”

The rest of the week, everyday was the same. We’d wake up and maybe have a quick fuck and then eat some breakfast, which I always made. Heather really didn’t chip in for anything. Then I’d go to class (and usually have to skip the trip to Finnerty Gardens), and come home and Heather would be stir crazy and we’d have to go out downtown and do dumb touristy shit, which I always hated. It was like having a child living with me. We were constantly getting in big stir-ups about it. Heather was losing her allure. All that feminine charm was being drained away through overexposure. It was a shame. That plump little ass deserved better. And those lips! Oh, those lips.
“Why don’t you go out and do something while I’m in class?” I’d say.
“Where am I going to go?”
“Just go walk around the neighbourhood and get a coffee, or take the bus downtown and do some more sight-seeing.”
“I don’t want to do those things without you.”
“Well, fuck, I can’t be doing these things with you everyday.”
And she’d get upset and shut herself off in my room for a while until I cooked up dinner and then she’d come out and have a drink with me and everything would be forgotten with a little evening romp. It was draining.

It was Thursday and we were eating dinner at home. A dinner that I made, again. Chicken Parmigiana with all the trimmings: pasta, caeser salad, dinner rolls. I made the mistake of asking her what her plans were.
“When are you heading back to Vancouver?” I said, between mouthfuls of baked chicken and scoops of marinara sauce.
“Why? Are you trying to get rid of me?” She snarled back. 
“No, I just mean… I mean, don’t you have to start working anytime soon or anything?”
“Hmm… I don’t think I’ll get a job this summer, so I can stay as long as I want!”
Shit. “Oh, great,” I said. Spoiled little bitch was just going to latch on and leech off me for the summer! I couldn’t afford that and I was beginning to want my space back.
Heather stayed through the weekend and nothing changed. She was still leaning on me hard, but the sex was too good for me to push back with any sort of conviction, even though I knew I had to at some point.

Monday came and I was fed up. I thought, Fuck it. If she’s going to act like this, I’m just going to do whatever I want and if she leaves, then she leaves. After class Steven and I went to Finnerty Gardens and smoked and sat in the grass. An hour passed and we smoked another joint. Heather called my cell but I didn’t pick up. Another hour, and another joint.  After another hour I finally answered my phone.
“Hello?”
“Where are you!?”
“I’m still on campus with Steven.”
“So, you’re just going to leave me here all alone?”
“Look, no ones forcing you to be there. If you want to go out, then take the bus.”
“Ew. The bus? Come take me downtown and let’s have a nice dinner.”
“I can’t keep paying for your shit, Heather.”
“If you don’t come home right now, I’m leaving!”
“OK.”
Steven and I lounged around for another hour and some other people came into the gardens. Two girls in yoga pants and tank tops laid their mats down just a little ways away from us and began stretching. 
“Shit, who needs Heather?” I said. Steven nodded.
When I got home Heather was gone and so was a fifty from my bedside dresser.

Chapter 17

On Friday I woke up with a hangover. I chugged back a bottle of beer to settle my stomach and headed up to campus for a coffee before class. It was the final day of FA 355 and we were having our last test. I took a seat, coffee in hand, feeling nauseas and tired, and waited for class to begin. Steven came in and sat beside me without saying a word. We both waited for the test. 
The professor walked in and threw a video on the projector. It was a Japanese wrestling match. A fat sumo wrestler was going up against the reigning champ, a skinny little masked man with the physique of a heroin addict. Halfway through the match, the fat sumo wrestler grabbed a barbed wire club and brought it down across the face of the masked junky. He began spewing blood and flopping around like a fish. He had lost. 
When it was over we were given our test. It had one question: Reflect on the match you just saw, incorporating terms and ideas used in class. Fantastic! What fucking bullshit! I wrote about the correlation between violence in wrestling and conflict in ancient Greek tragedies. It was a stretch, but the whole class was a bit of a stretch, so it fit the mood perfectly. I got an A.

After class I went home, opened my dresser drawer, and took out the tea tin where I kept my pot but there was nothing left aside from a few stems that I promptly shoved into my pipe and lit up. The smoke was heavy. It burned going down and the stems didn’t hit - stems often didn’t hit. I gagged like a fourteen year old girl deep throating for the first time. 
I went into the kitchen, opened the fridge, and looked on the butter shelf for a dime bag (I sometimes kept pot in the fridge to keep it from drying out, though I’m not sure this was actually effective), but there was nothing. I checked the bathroom, my computer desk, the coffee table. Nothing. I took out the Beatles White Album vinyl LP and scanned the sleeve for any nuggets jammed into the creases (I used the White Album vinyl sleeve to chop up my buds and roll my joints. Always the White Album, nothing else. I was OCD that way). The sleeve was bear. I called Steven but he was dry. I dialled Justin and he said he had just enough left for himself but was picking up in a few days and I said OK. I hung up the phone and got a little antsy. I found it hard to sit still. I was anxious.
Let me be clear, pot is not addictive. Not in the slightest. This must be understood, first and foremost. Those after school PSAs were shit and the drug counsellors who went from elementary school gymnasiums to high school auditoriums spewing their anti-drug rhetoric to scare kids straight before they were able to discover the truth for themselves, they were completely and utterly full of shit as well. It was impossible to acquire a physical dependency on weed. This was a hardened fact. It was not crystal meth and, if you smoked it, you wouldn’t jump off a building or start selling your body up and down East Hastings for your next fix. A physical dependency could not be had. But a mental dependency? You bet your ass, and I had it. I had it bad. 
I went into the bathroom and gathered up the ashes that were staining the edge of the sink and all the used, charred nuggets I could find. I packed them into my pipe but they wouldn’t spark. I rubbed my fingers along the inside of the bowl and licked the residue off them, smacking my lips. I knew this wouldn’t do anything - THC was heat activated - but I did it anyways. It was a sickening sight. I would have seemed like a junky to anyone watching, but I didn’t feel like one. I was in school, so it was OK; I had forward momentum. I just needed to take the edge off sometimes. What was the point of being level when I could be high? It was only pot and I never felt depraved and it seldom interfered with my grades. Yes, OK, it interfered with my education, but not with my grades.
Nothing was hitting and I needed something. Being sober for any prolonged period of time was a foreign concept to me. When being stoned became normal and being sober became the ‘once-in-a-while’, it was difficult to operate on the level. I just needed something to feel different. A beer, a joint, a pill. I smoked one of the cigarettes I had bought at the gas station. Cigarettes were good for a little head rush but not much else and they often made my stomach a bit queasy, so I had to put it out. 
I stumbled about the apartment, checking under every nook and cranny, thinking that I must have stowed a bud or two somewhere, at some point, and just forgotten about it. I searched for ten or fifteen minutes before I found the Tylenol-3s that I had under the bathroom sink. Yes! Codeine!
Codeine was a great high. It lifted you right up and invited you to sink into it. It was like floating on a cloud. It numbed you. You felt light and happy. It took away whatever discomfort you felt and replaced it with puppies and gumdrops. It was one of my favourite highs. Weed mellowed you out but it also closed you off. It made you lazy and unmotivated. It fogged the mind. Codeine dulled you, but only your physical senses. The mind was sharp as a tack, unless you took too much codeine, in which case it would merely knock you into a stupor and you’d have the best sleep of your life. It was a win/win. 
 I decided to do a cold water codeine extraction. I had done it once before with Justin and it had helped to intensify the codeine hit by cutting out all the filler, like the acetaminophen and caffeine. I emptied the bottle of T3s onto the kitchen table - there were 6 left. I ground them up into a fine chalk and placed the dust in a small dish of lukewarm water. I put the dish in the fridge, making sure the temperature was set to about 5 degrees Celsius, and left it there for twenty or thirty minutes. When I took it out of the fridge, the codeine had dissolved into the water (codeine dissolved at a lower temperature than the other ingredients in the pill), leaving the junk filler floating around in the gooky, watery mess. I strained the liquid through a coffee filter and mixed the remaining water with a half a glass of lemonade. The sweetness of the lemon cut the bitterness of the codeine and it went down easy.
The hit was fairly fast acting and felt fantastic. I numbed out and all my movements became slow and laborious, but not physically strenuous. Just predictable, as if they were choreographed. I walked over to the couch and laid down on my back, closing my eyes halfway and concentrating on the nothingness. I turned on the TV set. The Discovery Channel was running a series on waterfront cities. I walked through the streets of San Francisco, through Golden Gate Park and up to North Beach. I had a coffee on Haight street and planted roma tomatoes in my backyard garden while my roof-top solar panels collected enough energy to heat the stove. I bought fish at the market on Fisherman’s Wharf and took the train up to UC Berkley to walk the same cobble-stoned paths as Timothy Leary, Jann Wenner, and Jack London. After bicycling up Lombard St. I became exhausted and slipped off into a sweet, deep sleep.

That night I woke up around eight and went over to Justin’s house to begin drinking. Justin had just finished a shift and smelt like motor oil and exhaust fumes. He left me in the living room and hopped in the shower. I could hear him singing ‘New York, New York’ by Sinatra. He wasn’t half bad. I picked up a book from his coffee table. It was another William S. Burroughs, Naked Lunch. I opened to a random page and began reading. A little boy was being raped by something called a mugwump. It was too graphic. I could taste the boy’s blood and semen and had to put my drink down. What the fuck was this shit? I closed the book and finished my beer. 
Justin came out of the shower and got dressed. He walked into the kitchen and took a beer from the fridge. 
“What kind of shit are you reading, Justin?”
Justin peaked his head around the corner, into the living room, and looked at me quizzically. I held up Naked Lunch.
“Oh,” he said, “I liked Junky better but that’s not half bad.”
“Why was that kid getting raped?”
“It’s surrealism. Beat literature is the best.”
“How is that Beat?”
“It’s Burroughs.”
“Yeah, but how is that Beat?”
“You don’t get it, man,” he said and walked over to the stereo to put on Loaded by the Velvet Underground.
The buzzer rang. Justin picked up the phone and pressed a button. I got up for another beer and Steven walked in the front door.
Steven poured himself a shot of 151, slammed it back, and began sucking at a bottle of beer. We were celebrating the end of our first summer class. On Monday I was starting MUS 308: ‘The Beatles’ and Steven was looking for a job, so we planned to enjoy the weekend before we got sucked into it all over again. After a while we ran out of beer, so I made a run down Cook St. to the local liquor store and grabbed a few six packs and a fifth of gin. I threw a handful of coins down on the counter and the clerk shot me a look. It wasn’t a nice look. I walked out, booze in hand.
When I got back the apartment was full of people I didn’t recognize, unseemly types. It was Justin’s crowd. I never knew how he managed to get hooked up with these sorts of people but he always found a way. Justin was a connoisseur of fringe society and loved to befriend them to a point that would make even most philanthropists sick. These were ugly people. The men were blue collar at best and, more often than not, jobless with no prospects. The one’s who had it together enough to harness some income usually worked the system for EI money to spend on drugs and fast food. They were fat, bloated, sweaty, and only drank beer if it was out of a 40oz bottle. Their women were no better. Every so often a gem would come along, but mostly they worked in the fast food industry, which was not a bad gig (I don’t mean to come off snobbish) if you were a teenager, but once women hit a certain age, they shouldn’t be asking ‘Would you like fries with that?’. But most had no real education or experience and needed the money to fund their habits. The younger ones popped E like tic-tacs and the older ones had gotten into meth, which fucks a person up quicker than you would think. 
Now, I’ve known a lot of drug users but most of them were weekenders and, as far as hardcore users went, I had hung out with my fair share of crack heads, homeless, and junkers but that was usually when I was deadbeat drunk and, as far as they had known, I was one of them. But Justin’s crowd, well, I didn’t exactly know how to handle them.
I made my way through the crowd, fighting the sea of overweight, sweaty, manatees. I went to the back room and found Steven sitting on the bed by himself.
“Let’s get the fuck out of here,” he said.
We traded a few swigs of gin and left the booze under Justin’s bed. We walked down the street, grabbed a booth at the Beagle Pub and ordered a couple pints.
A table of girls in the back corner kept eyeing us and whispering to each other. It was very high school, but they were cute, so we didn’t mind so much. They were valley types, though. You know, the kind of girls that abused the English language, inserting ‘like’ between most words and conversing habitually about whatever pathetic reality TV show was the flavour du jour. They wanted kids but didn’t want to take care of them. They wanted husbands with high paying jobs that took them out of province, out of state, out of country. They would use their sexual prowess to obtain money and security and would let themselves go, physically, once they got it, turning their lean, gym-toned physiques into flabby butterballs of gas, blaming their deteriorating health on the pains and tribulations of childbirth, rather than sheer indifference and laziness. Their husbands would grow tired of them and become disinterested and start fucking their childrens’ nannies or sixteen year old babysitters. Of course, we were in our early twenties and none of that mattered to us.
“I was thinking about bestiality the other day…” Steven began, between sips of beer.
“Uhm…”
“…What’re the people called, though?” 
“Zoophiliacs?”
“OK. Why don’t they all just get jobs masturbating animals?”
“What?”
“You know how ranchers will masturbate bulls and horses and things like that and then store the sperm for insemination into the females. They could just do that and get paid for it! It seems so logical to me.”
“First of all,” I said, “They don’t beat off the animals. They have devices, like animal sex dolls, that the bulls and horses and cows and whatever mount and then fuck and they get the semen that way. Second of all, you’re talking about prostitution.”
“I thought it was just a potential job for these people…”
“You want someone who’s attracted to horses to go jack off a horse and get paid for it? That’s prostitution! It’s just like a straight gal beating you off for 12 bucks an hour.”
“Yeah, but the horse isn’t the one paying!”
“Prostitution by proxy is still prostitution.”
“Whatever. If I wanted to fuck a horse, I’d just go fuck a horse.”
I looked up from my beer and one of the whispering girls was standing next to our table not saying anything, waiting for us to finish talking. She had on jeans and a t-shirt and looked like any other twenty-something post-teeny bopping ditz.
“Yes?” I said.
“We were wondering if you two would have a drink with us?”
“We? I only see one of you.”
“Us,” She pointed to her friends in the corner. I looked at Steven. He shrugged his shoulders indifferently.
“And you’re buying?” I asked.
“Yes.”
“Alright.”
We sat and chatted and drank beer after beer after beer on the girls’ tab. They were mind numbing. Mostly they gossiped about people we didn’t know, ‘Marcus is such a slut! But you know Tiffany had it coming for sucking Richard’s dick!’. Journey’s ‘Don’t Stop Believing’ came on the speakers.
“Oh, I loved this episode of Glee!” one of them said. 
“Are you fucking kidding me?” Steven mouthed to me. I chuckled.
We talked some more and found out a little about the girls. Some of them were riding off daddy’s dime, yet to find a job several years after high school, while others went to the local community college. One girl was an English Lit majour but she pronounced Kerouac ‘Karoo-ash’ and I became disinterested immediately. Their only redeeming qualities seemed to be their bodies but, even five or six or seven or ten beers deep, I still felt like I would be taking advantage of them. I felt they wouldn’t know any better but to drop trou at the first wink of copulation. They were simple. 
I went to take a piss and one of them cornered me in the back hallway. She grabbed my crotch and tried to push me into the washroom. I returned the favour and grabbed her crotch but told her “no thanks” and went on my way. I sat back down at the table and she came back a moment later and didn’t say a word, she just went on discussing the merits of the latest week of American Idol performances. We had a few more drinks, thanked the girls for the beers, and left. They seemed a little pissed off that we didn’t fuck them, or at least make passes at them, but there was nothing doing when the most interesting thing they said was, “Would you like another beer?”.
Steven and I went back to Justin’s apartment, where the party was still going strong. People were passed out on the floor and Justin was leading a sing-a-long of old folk tunes that I didn’t recognize. The room was hazy. A number of people were smoking joints and two girls were freebasing in the kitchen. We ignored them all and went into the back room to pass out on Justin‘s bed. In my sleep I think I rolled over and tried to spoon Steven. The sexy bastard.

Chapter 18

On Monday I headed up to campus for the first class of Mus 308: ‘The Beatles’. It was a gorgeous day, the birds were chirping, the sun was out, people were riding their bikes, all the flowers and trees were in full bloom, and the ocean breeze was running through the streets just enough to catch a whiff of seaweed and salt. It was beautiful. I set my iPod to the Beatles and strolled leisurely up to class, taking the scenic route to avoid all the busy streets. ‘Here Comes the Sun’ seemed especially fitting.
I got to class just as it was beginning and had a seat in the back. The professor walked in. She was a very round, very portly, little hippy with a stunning resemblance to Janis Joplin and she reeked of patchouli. She had long wavy hair and was wearing a colourful hemp dress that dragged behind her as she walked. She stepped up to her desk, put her bag of handouts down, and turned to the face the class. She had a shit eating grin on her face, as if to say, “This will be the easiest ‘A’ you’ve ever earned.”
“Good morning!” She said and the class just sat there, unresponsive. She passed around a couple handouts, including the course syllabus, which outlined the assignments for the term. 
“I guess I may as well tell you a little about myself,” she said, “My name’s Colleen Blumstein and I’m a musician. I sing in a folk troupe on Tuesdays and…”
She went on to describe her undivided love for Paul McCartney and it all seemed a little too much to me. She was cheesy. She mentioned how she always cries when she sees him perform live and whenever she mentioned a specific song, she broke out into a series of melismas and began singing. I was embarrassed just sitting there. 
“…Your grades will be largely Pass/Fail and participation is what truly matters…”
Maybe she wasn’t so bad, I thought. I perused the syllabus for the assignments. They were straight forward. I’d have to write one 750 word essay, responding to any Beatles song, give one presentation on an assigned topic, and perform one song in a group of four or five on the last day of class. That unnerved me a bit.
“…The last ‘band’ assignment is just for participation marks. You don’t have to be a musician to take this class, so don’t worry… It’s going to be a lot of fun, I promise you!”
After the professor went through the syllabus and got her rocks off by singing some Beatles tunes, she turned the projector on and we spent the last hour watching the first disc of the Beatles Anthology DVD series. It was a glorious waste of time. Class ended and Blumstein paused the video, “We’ll continue this tomorrow! Have a beautiful day, everybody!”
Some people stuck around and got to know each other since a few of the assignments were going to be group-based. Everyone was already a Beatles nut and it was obvious they weren’t going to learn anything new from this class. No, no one was going to be doing any learning this month. One girl walked up to me and introduced herself.
“Hi, I’m Julia,” she said. She was your typical Victorian hippy, about 5’6 with long unkempt hair and homemade braided necklaces hanging about her neck. She was wearing a flowered dress with ripped jeans underneath and smelt of flowers and fresh fruit. She had quite small, quite cute features, with a button nose, tiny lips, and eyes that were, by contrast, too large, giving her that adorable bambi look. Her eyes sparkled as she talked and she exuded an innocent experience. Weathered, yet optimistic. The world seemed to give her hope, whereas it only stomped me down and sat on my head like an overweight fifth grade bully. 
I introduced myself and tried to crack a joke, “Seashell eyes, windy smile,” I said. She smiled and batted her eyes. She was a certain kind of charming but rather cheerful for my taste. I was always sceptical of people that were too cheerful. It seemed so fake. What was there to be that happy about? Were we not living in the same world? I was still waiting on a team of research scientists to announce the direct correlation between cheerfulness and mental instability.
After a little while all the students started filing out of the classroom and Julia asked me if I wanted to grab a beer at the campus pub with her. I was surprised but agreed. She paid for the first round and I thought, I could really like this girl.
“And that’s the problem with feminism,” she said, “It’s not about equality at all! Those fucking rug munchers just want more rights than everyone else and they especially want to make a fuss! They get off on the sounds of their own voices, that’s for sure!”
I liked her more and more.
“I signed up for a Women’s Studies course in second year. I thought it would be interesting, but on the very first day the professor said she was disappointed that her daughter didn’t choose to be a lesbian! Can you BELIEVE that shit?!”
“Seems pretty fucked up to me.”
“Oh, it was. She was dead serious too! I stood up and walked out. I could tell they didn’t like me anyways. They were all dykes, which is fine, but don’t shit on me just because I won’t eat out of your vag… so to speak.”
She was more opinionated than I would have guessed and slightly jaded, just like me. She was not at all the lovey-dovey apathetic type of hippy, and I dug that. We both thought people were idiots. 
“You have kind eyes,” she said.
“I keep telling people that but they don’t believe me,” I joked.
She reached across the table and put her hand on my arm and said in a serious tone, “They’re fucking idiots.”
I couldn’t do anything but laugh and buy the second round.

I went to class every day and sat with Julia. She was great but I tended to be a little shy, on account of how stoned I usually was. She smelt me one day.
“Are you high?”
“Yes,” I said.
“Then why aren’t I? Don’t be so selfish next time.”
We began meeting before class to get stoned in the Gardens. She replaced Steven, who was hard at work at a summer camp for young adults with mental disabilities. We became good friends and began spending most of our days together. She was a sweet girl and could be quite amusing, even more so when we were stoned. 

Before a Wednesday class, Julia and I walked over to Finnerty Gardens and had a smoke. It was more of Justin’s locally grown stuff. It was so smooth and easy to inhale that we shared three whole joints. I hadn’t been so high in months but I had an hour to calm down before class started, so I wasn’t giving it much thought. The hour passed in about five minutes.
We walked to class and sat in the back. I was high as a kite when professor Blumstein walked in and threw the Beatles Anthology DVD on the screen. We were onto the third disc. There were five in the set. This was the one with Revolver and Sgt. Pepper - it was the good shit. Being stoned made it that much better. I looked over at Julia. Her eyes were half open and red as the back of the Sgt. Pepper’s album sleeve. We shouldn’t have smoked so much. I was starting to get a bit anxious. I prayed to God that the professor didn’t call on me for anything. She didn’t. We just watched the video.
Blumstein started singing along to what was on the screen: “I’m fixing a hole, where the rain gets in, and stops my mind from wandering! Where it will gooooooo!”
I looked at Julia. She was mouthing along. Some other students started singing and soon half the class was in a melodic uproar: “And it really doesn’t matter, If I’m wrong I’m right, where I belong I’m right, where I beloooong!”
My educational fees hard at work, I thought.
“See the people standing there who disagree and never win and wonder why they don’t get in my dooooor!”
“And what’s that song about?” Blumstein asked the class.
Someone shouted, “Heroin!”
“Don’t believe the rumours!” she said, “It’s about renovating a home!”
“Yeah, and ‘Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds’ was written about a children’s picture!” someone else shouted, sarcastically.
“Exactly!” Blumstein said.
I looked over at Julia. She was still softly singing, “…and stops my mind from wandering, where it will goooooo…”

On Thursday after class Julia and I shared another joint - just one this time - and walked over to the campus pub for a bite to eat. We sat down and ordered our food. Our disgusting, terrible, greasy, campus food. It wasn’t very appetizing and neither one us touched our meals.  We had a couple beers each before we finally warmed up to the idea of putting that crap into our mouths. By then Julia was a little drunk and her fries were cold. She signalled the waiter working there, who was just another college kid trying to get by.
“My fries are cold,” Julia said.
“Well they’ve been out now for about 30 minutes.”
“Bullocks! I’ve gotten warmer fries out of my fridge!”
“They were warm when you got them. What would you like to do?”
“Bullocks!”
“I’ll get you a new order.”
“No thanks. I’ll just piss on them myself.”
We had a couple cold fries each and left our food on the table. We walked back towards my apartment. 
We got there and Julia sat on the couch. I went to the freezer and pulled out some pot cookies that I had made the previous week. They were one of my worst batches yet. Really something awful. I’m not sure what had gone wrong with them. They still did the trick, but they were hard to get down and occasionally induced a bad bout of gut rot. We had a couple each and Julia decided she wanted to go downtown. She lead me outside to the bus stop. I had a seat on the bench.
“What are you doing?” she asked, “we’re walking!”
“Excuse me?”
“Come on. Let’s just walk. We’ll cut straight across. We’ll b-line it. I bet it won’t take very long at all if we cut through backyards.”
“I’ll meet you there,” I said.
“Come on.”
I got up and followed her. Soon, the cookies kicked in and walking became second nature. I didn’t even realize it. The high distracted from the exhaustion and we were downtown in no time. We went into a store on Johnson St. that sold old vinyls. I bought some Van Morrison, Simon & Garfunkel, and one EP by the Rosewood Thieves. Julia bought a copy of Sgt. Pepper and the last copy of Bringing It All Back Home Again by the Brian Jonestown Massacre. I wanted that one. 
We left the shop and walked up Johnson St., past Douglas St. and Blanshard St., and then past Quadra St. and Cook St. We hung a left and began zigging and zagging through residential neighbourhoods, feeling our way North, back towards my apartment. We walked past Victoria High School and stopped a while to lay on the field. We sat and giggled and exchanged stupid stories. We played some games. She taught me all those little hand clap games that girls used to play in elementary school. I was terrible at them. I missed her hand and hit her in the face. She burst our laughing.
When we picked up the pace again it wasn’t long before we emerged from all the back roads near the south end of Shelbourne St. We walked for another half hour back to my apartment. From the onset, the whole ordeal lasted four or five hours. I was exhausted.
“Do you want to go play tennis?” Julia asked.

Julia and I never fucked. There was very little sexual tension. Although she said she was straight, I found that hard to believe. For as little confidence as I had, I was in disbelief that she wasn’t attracted to me. We got along so well. I’d never been such good friends with a woman. With that said, I wasn’t attracted to her either (but maybe I was gay?). 

In the final week of Mus 308 we had to give our presentation to the class. Julia and I paired up and our topic was the song writing partnership of Lennon and McCartney. We didn’t do much research, printed out a few quotes onto acetates, and basically winged it. We only got a B, but I’m not sure we even deserved that.
Most of the presentations were better than ours. We fumbled a lot and were stoned the entire time. The professor didn’t seem to care all that much. We had been doing these presentations, one every day, since the second week of class. It was basically just an excuse for the professor to sit on her ass and do nothing. She hardly said a word after that first week. But, like I said, no one was there to learn anything. People knew what they knew and that’s what they were going to know. End of story.

I spent the rest of the summer with Steven and Justin and Julia and some of her friends that she introduced me to one day when we were high as kites and rolling down a hill at Beach Hill Park. And there were others who came and went and friends from home who came and went and strangers who came and went but, mostly, I spent it falling deeply and profoundly in incestuous love with Julia. She wasn’t an object of attraction, nor was she any old night club cunt to use and abuse and toss by the wayside. The love I had for her was instinctively gentler than that. I foresaw a future, a real cheesy, story book future that had her and I and houses and yards and kids and dogs and cats and fish and vacations and everything else you might expect to see in a bad movie about suburban life in the 1950s. She of course had no idea but, with all the pot I was smoking, I made believe that she might feel the same way and I clung to that hope. I began saying ‘love you’ instead of ‘goodbye’ and she began saying it back, though she was thinking nothing of it, whilst I was pineing for it to be returned with the same amount of fiery heartfelt fury that was burning deep within me. I thought of her constantly. I spent long nights gazing at her as we hung out and praying that I wasn’t showing my true intentions and making her feel uncomfortable. I don’t think she knew.
Van Morrison’s Moondance became the album of the summer and the songs spoke to me on levels I had never before thought possible. Lyrics made sense. ‘Crazy Love’ became the go-to and I spent most evenings before bed getting high, putting on my headphones, and listening to it on repeat until tears started flowing and I felt empty and without - lacking. I was a fucking mess. 
I made Julia a mixtape of songs about love, not even realizing I was trying to hint to her. I only thought it nice and a window into a part of me that I wasn’t sure she knew existed. I didn’t even realize how pathetic it was. I even labelled it: ‘For Julia, Whenever I May Find Her’, after the Simon & Garfunkel tune. I’m not sure she ever got the reference and she didn’t seem as excited as I had hoped to receive it as a gift. She thought it corny, I’m sure. And so did I, almost immediately after giving it to her. We didn’t speak much of it. I was an idiot, though. I had hyped it up before giving it to her.
“So, you said you had a present for me?” She asked, smiling brightly. She was expecting something more. I handed her the CD, “Oh,” she said.
“It’s just some songs I really like right now. It’s nothing.”
She nodded and that was it. No more was said on the subject and she never followed it up with a critique or an enquiry on the musical theme. I didn’t bring it up.
A few weeks later she said, “You know, I’ve got that CD in my player at home right now.”
“Oh, great,” I said, playing it coy while secretly using it as an affirmation of her reciprocated love for me… as sad as that was.
I still wasn’t sexually attracted to her. Well, I was to some extent but I no longer felt the sexual drive that I had just a few months earlier. Other women didn’t interest me. Fucking didn’t interest me. I hadn’t picked up another girl since Heather and it wasn’t because that was such a disaster, because I didn’t care about that - I expected it from women. In my experiences, women were fucking nuts, but I was even crazier to keep pursuing them when I knew they were fucking nuts, so that wasn’t the issue at all. I just didn’t care about anyone else. I couldn’t even bring myself to get hard on them. It shouldn’t have been a problem. I’d fucked plenty of girls I couldn’t have given less of a shit about, but I just knew they didn’t matter anymore. None of them mattered. I was going to end up with Julia and everything in between was just filler. Meaningless, soulless filler. 

Chapter 19

By the time September rolled around I still hadn’t made any progress with Julia and wasn’t sure I was ever going to. It still tore me up inside and I obsessed over her constantly but I was busy into my final year and had other things on my mind. I decided to upgrade my regular Art History majour to an honours degree, which meant I had to take a few extra classes but, since I went to school all summer, it worked out to be just a regular course load anyways, so it was well worth it.
I convinced Julia to take a class with me. It was a film course that dealt with the portrayal of history in movies. It was sure to be an easy mark and I could even use it as one of my required courses. It was only an elective for Julia. 
I had one class with Steven, which was just an intro to sociology. A first year course. It was an elective for me and a prerequisite for Steven, that somehow he had managed not to fill until now. 
I even had a class with Rebecca but she just ignored me, still bitter from nearly a year ago. I always said hi but didn’t get much in return.
After the first week of the semester I got the jist of the new courses and stopped going to most lectures entirely, apart from the course I had with Julia and some of the sociology lectures I had with Steven. All in all, classes were manageable and I still had ample time to smoke pot, get drunk, do the occasional hit of salvia or dose of shrooms, and obsess endlessly over Julia.

One night I was at Julia’s friends’ place, smoking pot and playing some old Super Nintendo, Sunset Riders, two players, while others sat around and drank wine and listened to music. There were six of us.
Ray sat on the couch with Julia and laughed and playfully nudged her in the arm. He was a tall, handsome fellow - too tall for Julia, with great big eyes that always seemed to be following you around the room, like a cardboard cutout at the mall. Ray had a thing for Julia but his advances always seemed to fall flat. He reeked of desperation. For obvious reasons, I didn’t like Ray all that much.
Nancy was just standing around, watching people play video games and taking small sips from her glass of wine. Nancy wasn’t very good looking. Her identifying feature was this long beak of a nose that might’ve looked good on someone else, but really didn’t fit her face at all. Nancy was a bit of a bitch and I never really saw her appeal but I couldn’t deny that she had balls. She spoke her mind and if you were sensitive at heart and couldn’t take some criticism, then Nancy would crush you but (I was told) it was always unintentional. It was just that she had a faulty filter and just talked and talked and talked and sometimes said hurtful things. Nancy didn’t know how to lie or kid or even be gentle to spare someone’s feelings but, if she went off and said some real nasty things, everyone just laughed because they knew it was just Nancy being Nancy - everyone except for me. I just thought she was a bit of an asshole.
Harry, well Harriet, but we called her Harry, was up and dancing and trying to get Ray up off the couch to join her but he was too preoccupied with Julia. Harry was a smoking number, if a little chubby, but in the right places, with a big old ass and hips and thighs that would snap your head off if you did too good a job on her and she lost control. She wanted Ray something bad but Ray was a bit oblivious and reminded me of myself in that regard.
Julien was lying on the floor, playing Sunset Riders with me. He was a nice guy, about 5’9 and around my build. He wasn’t very big at all and I tended to get along with people like that. It sure made it easy that he was the agreeable type and always said “yes, yes, yes” and spewed off whacky anecdotes, like the time he was lying on the floor pondering, saying things like, “the dalai lama eats cat food for dinner and he hATES it,” and he said it just like that, emphasizing ‘ate’ and being soft on the ‘h’ because he thought it was funnier that way but everyone else got off on the idea of the dalai lama hating it. Everyone liked Julien because he was so unintentional and tended to give off such good vibes. Such unplanned good vibes. It was a quality that was often imitated but impossible to learn. Julien was just born that way.
We were all knocking about and taking turns on the SNES. Harry kept trying to get people to dance, so I started up with her just a little and then ran to the kitchen for another glass of wine because I couldn’t possibly dance so sober.
Ray took a turn on the SNES and kept getting shot. He had five or so lives left, so he kept playing but he really wasn’t very good at all. It was quite strange for someone our age to be so bad at a video game.
“You’re horrible, Ray,” Nancy said.
“I’ve never played this before! Get off my nuts!”
“No, he hasn’t,” Julia informed me, “He’s an athlete,” she said with a hint of mockery.
“That’s right. Varsity all the way through!”
I believed it. Ray had that build. Even if his hand-eye coordination had been in the shitter, he probably could’ve gotten by on most teams just through sheer physicality. 
“Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck this shit!,” Ray said, “How can these Injins throw arrows and knives at me when I have a goddamn gun!? Such historical inaccuracy! What bullshit!!”
Julien just laughed, “Yes, yes, yes! Hah, hah, hah!”
We all kept drinking and I took Ray’s spot on the couch. I nuzzled up next to Julia and she was a little drunk and nuzzled back, or at least didn’t push me away, which I took for nuzzling back because I would take anything she had to give. I was a bit deluded about our situation, as it was. 
“You should have better reactions with those big old eyes of yours,” Nancy said to Ray. He turned around and mouthed a great big ‘fuck you’ to her. We all laughed and Ray went back to his game and got shot with another arrow.
“Let me read your palm!” Julia said to me. She grabbed my hand and began running her fingers along the wrinkled old lines on my leathery skin. It felt like heaven. I got goose pimples. 
“What’s it say?”
She continued to run her fingers over the lines of my hand, her other hand latched around my wrist, keeping me in place. I felt so much love and my whole body tingled. I got butterflies and the whole world stopped spinning as I took in the moment.
“Oh, never mind,” she said and let go of me.
“What is it?”
“Oh, uhm, you’re going to die in, uhm… how old are you?… ah, never mind!” she said, “These things aren’t exact sciences so I wouldn’t worry about it!” She punched me in the shoulder, smiled, and got up for another glass of wine.
Julien turned around, “You cant die! Who’s going to drive down to San Francisco with me, then?”
“We better do it soon,” I said.
“Yes, yes! Hah, hah!”
The music stopped and Harry put on MGMT’s Oracular Spectacular and kept on dancing, pulling Nancy up to join her and, when Julia got back with her drink, she started dancing too. I laid back on the couch and finished my glass of wine. I watched Ray end his life over and over and over, “Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!” he said.
Julia went to the stereo and skipped ahead to ‘Electric Feel’. The girls got whorey and started dancing like it was a strip club, or else like they were at home, alone in their own rooms, and no one was watching. It was a wonderful sight to see. I glued my eyes to Julia but she didn’t notice.
Harry stopped suddenly and shouted, “Let’s play Kings Cup!”
We got some cards but a few were missing and there were three jack of hearts’ for some reason but that didn’t matter. We laid out the rules on a piece of paper and started drawing cards around the coffee table. Some of the cards ended up being dares and truths and silly little kindergarten games like that, but most of the cards ended with people drinking and not just one person drinking but usually two or three of us.
Julien drew a card, “A two. Give two! Hmm, let’s see…” he eyed everyone around the table and saw Ray looking particularly sober, “Drink, Ray, drink! Hah, hah, hah! Drink, Ray! Twice! Hah, hah, hah!”
Ray slammed back the rest of his beer and grabbed another and a couple extras just in case he had to do a waterfall and got stuck in the rear and, sure enough, the next card drawn was a waterfall. We all took our time and made sure to drink as long and laboriously as possible so that Ray had to open up a second beer before we all dropped our glasses to let him rest. 
It was my turn and I picked a six which meant ‘chicks drink’. Harry and Nancy and Julia all tipped their glasses and so did Julien, just because he was thirsty, and that made Julia laugh so hard she spit white wine out her nose. 
Julia went next and picked the joker, which meant she had to kiss someone. I got nervous and clammy and my heart started to flutter. Ray suddenly got interested. He sat up and tried to look suave. I was the only one who noticed and started to laugh a little, but really I was angry with him for trying to take this one possible pleasure away from me but, of course, he didn’t know anything about that and just wanted to wet his beak a little. Julia looked around the room and eyed her victims. She leaned over and kissed me lightly on the lips. I didn’t dare push for more and kiss back a second time. She took my hand and squeezed it and let go and everyone ooh’d and awed like school children except for Ray, who sunk back down and took a hit of his beer. My face turned red as a beat and I tried quickly to hide it but Julien yelled, “Look at Sean! He’s a Chinese! Hah!” and everyone laughed except for Julia, who looked a little different. I couldn’t put my finger on it but she wasn’t in the moment. She was off thinking about something else. She looked worried, maybe.
The game went on and everyone got good and drunk. There were many more jokes and many more good vibes and many more embarrassments, but not much to be ashamed of or regret in the morning. It was all good fun and I hated to drink more but no amount of beer or wine or booze in the world could erase from my mind the sweet taste of Julia’s lips upon mine. 

I woke up alone the next morning in my apartment, having taken a cab back at 3 or 4 in the morning when everyone had started to doze off. My head throbbed and I had a wicked hangover but I’d never felt better. I was on top of the world. I licked the stale beer off my lips but I could only taste Julia and I never wanted that to change. 
My phone rang.
“Hello?”
“Want to grab lunch at Rosie’s?” It was Justin. I was too giddy to say no to anything.
“Sure,” I said and hung up the phone. I put on some pants and pulled a shirt over my head. The phone rang again and I picked it up.
“I’m just on my way,” I said.
“Huh?” It was Julien.
“Oh, sorry, I thought you were Justin.”
“Who? Want to get lunch? There’s this new place by me that I want to try out.”
Julien lived over in the East Jubilee/North Oak Bay area, at the south end of the Uplands, which was the hoity-toity area of Victoria where all the working professionals ended up, along with some overpaid athletes and minor celebrities. I was going in a somewhat opposite direction to Cook St. village. 
“I’m just on my way out to meet a friend for lunch, actually.”
“Oh, that’s OK. I’ll join you guys.”
I didn’t have the heart to say no. I told him where to go and hung up the phone.
It was always a bit of an awkward occurrence when two groups of friends collided because I wasn’t sure who to be. With Julien I was a lot more outgoing and silly and I actually thought I was funny, which I don’t always feel around Justin because he can be rather intense. Julien tended to accept new people and random people and believed in kindness and good will and Justin was pessimistic and thought that was all crap and people should just mind their own business. I tended to act accordingly, whoever I was with, so I wasn’t really looking forward to introducing the two, if only for my own sake. 
I got on the bus and was at Rosie’s in about a half hour. Justin was waiting for me. We grabbed a seat and ordered. Julien came by a few minutes later and ordered toast and eggs and a coffee. He looked like shit and was all beady eyed and pale. He took out a flask and poured some whiskey into his coffee.
“Hair of the dog,” he said and grabbed his head.
There was no ‘yes, yes, yes, hah, hah, hah’ Julien this morning. He definitely wasn’t a hangover type of guy and I’m surprised he called to go out in the first place but he said the fresh air did him good. He was a little cynical and jaded and began acting like Justin. Maybe Justin was just that overpowering that he consumed those around him and moulded their personalities to reflect his own - I’m not sure but, at any rate, we all got along just fine.

Chapter 20

On Monday I went to school only because I had a lecture in film and was eager to see Julia and find out what would become of our kiss. I took a seat in the back and waited for her to arrive but she didn’t show. Class started and the professor put Almost Famous on the overhead projector. Julia slipped in late but didn’t see me and took a seat on the opposite side of the room.
The class worked like this: one day we’d watch a movie, and then during the next class we’d listen to a bit of a lecture about the movie, or about film in general, or have an open discussion. It was a comparative literature course for illiterate people. 
We sat and watched the movie in total silence for the next hour and a half and I kept trying to get Julia’s attention but she didn’t notice me and wasn’t even looking around for me, which I found strange. Class ended and I went up to her and said hello.
“Oh! I couldn’t see you in the dark. I missed my first bus, what a drag!”
I sympathized and we walked over to the cafeteria for lunch, which is what we normally did after our film lecture. I always skipped my next class, which was an Art History course in Modern Art. I couldn’t give a damn that someone had once smeared feces and blood on canvas and had sold it for millions of dollars, or that an Italian artist had packaged his own shit into tuna cans - ‘Merda d’Artista’ - and now those cans were being sold for hundreds of thousands of dollars at auction - don’t get me wrong, I dug it, I really did (I found it especially amusing how a major theme in modern art seemed to be ‘shit’ and no one was picking up on it), it was right up my alley: bullshit, bullshit, bullshit, but I think that’s why I didn’t bother going, because I felt that I got it and didn’t need the lectures, whatsoever.
“I’m so fucking tired today,” Julia said, as she chowed down on a slice of pizza and a side of fries.
“Late night?”
“Ah, an old boyfriend called and wanted to come over.”
“Oh.”
“Yeah.”
I picked at my lunch. She didn’t offer further details.
“It was a fun weekend, though,” I said, through the silence.
“The next day was no good. I haven’t been that drunk in a while.”
“At least no one did anything stupid. That’s always a good feeling the morning after.”
“Yeah.”
Julia was being a little distant and disinterested in conversation. I sat and watched other people around the cafeteria. I had a lot of questions but couldn’t think of much to say. Nothing ever came up about the kiss and I got the feeling that it meant nothing to her and that broke my heart a little. I didn’t let it kill me and I still clung to what little hope there was because she hadn’t yet said ‘I don’t love you’ and that’s what I would need to hear from Julia for the dream to finally end.
Steven came and sat with us for a bit before running off to a Geography lab - a three hour lab he had to take, and it was for an elective, no less. I really didn’t understand what he was thinking when he signed up for that.
An hour later Julia had to get to her English class and I had to get home because I had a little under a half ounce of weed and a brownie recipe waiting for me, so we said our goodbyes.
“See you later, love,” I said.
“See ya, snookums,” she said, tongue in cheek.
Fuck me…

When I got home I started simmering the pot in oil and preparing the brownie mix and the whole job smelt the apartment up like no other. I shoved a towel under the door and tried to lock the smell in. Now, I’m pretty open about smoking pot. I mean, fuck, it’s only pot. Half the people in the city smoked it, if not more. But, in my own place, I tried to be respectful of those around me. An old couple lived across the hall and they seemed pretty uptight, but kind, and I didn’t want to offend them in any way, so I sprayed some deodorizer and tried to lock the smell in (but they were probably smoking for medicinal reasons anyhow or else just because they had reached that magic age and decided what the fuck, why not?).
The brownies cooked up in no time flat but I had no idea what the dosage was, which was always half the fun of eating them. I had no idea how much pot I used in relation to the mix. I just sort of tossed everything together haphazardly. Brownie Surprise, I called it. I let them cool on the stove and sat down to read a book, Nausea by Sartre. I thought it fucking drivel, whiny little cunt, but I was determined to get through it. Sartre made it difficult though. I just wanted to go back in time, hand him a razor, and let him get on with it. No one understands you? Everyone is oblivious except for you? Not sure if you exist, you lonely bastard? He’d make Mr. Rogers want to off himself. I was just glad none of the Emos in high school had been intellectual enough to have read it - they would have been insufferable in their pretentiousness. The buzzer rang and I picked it up. It was Ray and he wanted in. I let him up. I took the towel away from the door and he came in.
“Shit, Sean! You hot boxing in here?” He saw the brownies, “Oh! Can I have one?”
“They’re still cooling,” I said.
He took a beer from the fridge and sat down, his rocket eyes watching my every movement. 
“So… what’s up Ray?” 
“Hey, so, I was thinking. I mean, I was just wondering. You and Julia are just friends, right?”
“How do you mean?”
“I was thinking of asking her out. I know you guys have been close all summer and what not. Is it just that?”
“Uhh…”
“I’m just making sure you’d be OK if I asked her out. You’re a good guy and I like you. I don’t want to overstep my bounds here...”
“Go for it, Ray,” you fucking bastard, “I’ll put in a good word for you.” No, you fucking bastard, Sean!
“Shit, thanks. That’s good to hear. You sure?”
I nodded my head.
“Well, I gotta run to the gym.”
“Bye, Ray.”

A couple days later I was hanging out with Julien and Harry downtown. We were sitting on the grass out front of the parliament buildings. Harry had brought a picnic basket with a few snacks and a blanket and we were just lazing around because it was a gorgeous day outside and the sun felt good on our young faces. I hadn’t heard anything about Ray and Julia and I sure wasn’t going to ask Julia about it because I didn’t want to be the guy to give Ray away, but I sure as fuck wanted to tie some weights to Ray’s feet and toss him into the inner harbour where no one would ever find him because the fish would eat up all the evidence.
I was laying on my back, beginning to nod off, when Julien spoke up, “So, you hear about Ray and Julia?”
I perked up. 
“Ray asked her out,” he said, and Harry sunk down a little. I felt bad for Harry. It had been obvious since I met her that she had it on for Ray but he never clued in or, if he did, he wasn’t interested and, either way, Harry was a sweet girl and deserved better than that, “She said ‘no’, though.”
“Oh?” I said, playing it cool.
“Yeah,” Julien said, “I hope this doesn’t affect things with all of us but I don’t see how it couldn’t… Hah, hah. It is pretty funny though… Ray and Julia… could you imagine?”
Harry and I blurted out simultaneously, “No.”
“Hah, hah, hah! You two oughta get married! Yes, yes, yes! Hah, hah, hah!”
Harry and I both looked at each other. She knew. I think she figured I knew too.

On my way home I stopped by a bookstore and bought a copy of the Tibetan Book of the Dead because I had been reading a John Lennon biography and Buddhism, as an influence of his, interested me. I wasn’t exactly sure what the appeal was. Maybe I was just smoking too much pot and listening to too much music from 1968. 
When I got home I sat down and read it, cover to cover, stopping periodically to smoke a joint and crack another beer. I mostly skimmed it because the language was so mundane and repetitive, but I got the jist of it. It was interesting, but no more truthful than the Bible or the Quran or any other religious text that claimed truth in the face of nothing at all. It was a nice fantasy, though. Quite a bit more pleasing than those other two texts. For a book about death, I expected more fear mongering. I could see why it was a viable alternative to the Abrahamic faiths. 

On the weekend I had a meaningless little paper to write for Sociology class worth 10% and I gave it 10% worth of effort - about 30 minutes. I didn’t bother proof reading. I wasn’t trying to get published. I’m sure professors hated this crap and I’m sure it happened all the time. But when the system stressed ideas over presentation, what else could they expect? Not that ideas weren’t important, but who wants to be given a diamond ring inside a pile of cow shit? Sure, give us credit for the diamond ring, but at least take something away from us for forcing you to sift through dung to get it. But they never did. On top of that, the ideas were far from diamond rings, so really it was just shit inside of shit, for the most part.
After finishing the paper I had a few brownies. I just grabbed a handful and shoved them in my mouth. I was pretty good about waiting until after I had finished my work to get high or drunk. If anything, my addictions just made me do my work faster. I was more efficient. They weren’t crutches so much as they were guidance counsellors pushing me in the right direction. So what if their motivations were selfish? The end game was the same. 
I put on my iPod, went outside, and hopped on the first bus up to campus. I walked on over to the Mystic Vale just as the brownies were setting in. The Mystic Vale was this forested creek in a gulley that ran along the western edge of campus. It had one walking path that split off in a few directions at one point and then joined back up again. Sometimes people went for jogs there, sometimes people walked their dogs there but, more often than not, students got high there. It was the perfect atmosphere - the air was fresh and the surrounding trees cut out all noise from the city, leaving behind only the sound of fresh water flowing towards the sea, wind cutting through the foliage, and the occasional rustling of bushes as a family of deer ambled aimlessly through the sheltered oasis. It was very Zen. I liked to go down there by myself, smoke a joint, and just sit on a rock or walk further into the depths of it, off the beaten path, and find a little place that was all my own. It was a great way to get away from it all - not that I had much stress to get away from.
Steven came down and joined me. He was on campus again this year living in the dorms because it was much cheaper than getting his own place in the city, especially since his scholarship covered most of the cost. He was a bit nonplussed that I didn’t have any pot on me. He looked a little bored but he sat there content while I felt the wind and listened to the birds and didn’t say much of anything at all but just enjoyed the surroundings and let my mind wander. I thought about life after school and what I was going to do but that depressed me and my mind quickly wandered onto things that I enjoyed, like books and music and drugs and philosophy and religion (I liked questions that had no answers - mostly I liked laughing at those who thought they had answers). I rapped on and on and on in my own head about the meaning of it all and what the true pleasures were, just like this, just like sitting on a rock in a forest and doing nothing at all but just experiencing life, but I never got very far because my short term memory was shot and I’d just start repeating myself and almost come to an epiphany over and over and over, but then my train of thought would disappear and I’d be right back at the beginning, doing it all over again. I didn’t let it get me down. I felt like a Buddha and wanted to be a Bodhisattva. I kept thinking that, when I died, I wouldn’t ignore the bright light and I wouldn’t go towards the more attractive, duller light. I’d go straight towards the brightness and wind up in Nirvana but then I’d get lonely because I couldn’t even comprehend paradise without loneliness, so I’d give it all up and come back to the cycle of rebirth and try it all over again. But, of course, that was all shit and I didn’t believe it for a second, but the pot made it easier to fantasize.
A squirrel ran through the bushes and startled Steven. I turned my head slowly and with a smile on my face, unaffected by the little critter, and reached out my hand, as if to welcome him over to me but he never came. I laid down on my back and stared upwards through the overhanging pines and turned my mind off as best I could and just continued to feel. The atmosphere was serene and I didn’t want the feeling to ever end. There was nothing quite like the fresh scent of a forest while high. It had revitalization powers. You could feel the life force. It was no wonder there were so many hippies at this school. 
After a while I could see how bored Steven was and I suggested leaving, not that I wanted to - I was still high as a kite and enjoying every moment of the Vale. After all, it was only September and the weather was still beautiful. Once October rolled around the rain would start and the Pacific Northwest would flood, as usual, and the Vale would become a whole different world. It was important to soak up the sunshine while it lasted.
We got up to leave and walked through the trees. We bushed whacked a little and eventually found the main path. We were out in the parking lot in a matter of minutes and I became overly depressed. It was a terrible feeling stepping out of the Mystic Vale at the far end of a mostly vacant lot, seeing only concrete and cars and tall buildings in the background. Terribly depressing.
We went to the café under the library and I ordered a coffee. Steven had a sandwich and a muffin and a juice and a tea. The caffeine perked me up just enough to keep the buzz flowing, while the trickle of the fountain just a few feet away slowly eroded my depression. 
Steven chowed down on his sandwich and grabbed a bag of chips from his bag, “Want some?” he asked, and I just shook my head. I wasn’t much of a stoned snacker because one chip was a slippery slope to five and five was an inch away from three whole bags and a nap, which was something for deadbeats and junkers. I never thought myself either of those things.Steven continued to plop chip after chip into his mouth, as I sat there sipping on my coffee, completely zoned out. I was incredibly stoned and must have looked the part as well because I wasn’t paying any attention to a single happening that was going on around me.
Steven finished his lunch and had some homework to do. He went off on his way and I walked over to the gardens and laid down on the grass. I put my iPod back on and listened to some tunes before wandering back into the concrete jungle of the city and down the street to my shitty little apartment at the intersection of Shelbourne St. and Mortimer St.

The next day I met Julia, Julien, Ray, Harry, Nancy, and Steven at Cadboro Bay. We set up a little pit on the beach for roasting hot dogs and Steven, Julien, and I began tossing a Frisbee around. There was obvious tension between Julia and Ray and Harry sat off to the side, equally unimpressed by the whole situation. I began to really get down because Harry just tore me up inside, she was so pathetic, like a lone little mutt whose owner had tossed her out on the streets. I began to really dislike Ray. Initially, I had been put off by him because he was so tall and, standing only 5’8 (though I usually said nine), I had always been intimidated of taller people and tended to distrust them. Their height gave them an unfair advantage in life that I found akin to cheating. I had never taken to them too readily. Ray only hardened that predisposition.
Julien, as always, was lightening the mood and trying to get everything going. Steven and Julien grabbed a couple pieces of kelp and began whipping each other. The twirling kelp cut through the air like howling banshees and all the noise seemed to wear away at the awkwardness. An air of relaxation came over us and everyone loosened up a little. We cracked some beers. They helped. Harry was still sitting off to the side. I walked over to her and draped my arm around her shoulder, pulling her in close and not saying anything at all.
Eventually afternoon turned to evening and evening to night. Nancy, Ray, and Steven had all disappeared. It was just Julia, Harry, Julien and I left huddled up around the fire, with blankets covering our legs. 
“I’m sorry about Ray, Harry,” Julia said.
Harry looked at the fire, “It’s not your fault.”
“Goddamn giants,” I said and Julien snickered.
Julia took out a joint and began passing it around. No one said much of anything. Harry looked at the fire. She was in her own place. It was very sad.
Julien stood up. “Well… it’s about that ooooooooool’ time again,” he said, “I best be headin’ back now. Now, Sean, don’t ch’you be goin’ getting into’r trouble now, ya hur?”
“What…?” I said.
“D’ems d’ere some fine lookin’ laddies and bessies but don’t ch’you  be goin’ givin’ child now!”
“Alright, Julien. You’ve got my word.”
“Dat d’eres no good but guess it da best I’ll be gettin’.”
Julien left and Harry got up and ran after him. 
“And then there were two,” Julia said and I just looked at her and smiled. We cuddled up next to each other and gazed out at the ocean but it was so dark that we couldn’t see the water, so we just sat there and listened to the waves lapping against the shoreline.
“I wish Ray never did that,” she said.
“Me too, Julia.”
We sat in silence and Julia began dozing off.
“Julia?” I said.
“Hmm?”
“Nevermind.”

Chapter 21

The next few weeks were fairly uneventful. It was the same old story: I barely went to class, drank a little, smoked a lot, had a couple midterms that I did OK on, better than most, and wasted the weekends away with Julia and Steven and Julien and Harry and Justin and… etc. Not much of anything happened and people got over the awkwardness between Ray and Julia and just started to be again, but no one quite figured out how to mend Harry, who I seriously began to grow concerned for.
Nothing was going to happen between Julia and I and I decided not to pursue it for fear of destroying the friendship, which I had grown fond of. She would have said no, anyways. I resided myself to this mentality, though it depressed me, and, towards the end of the semester, I began to drink more and smoke more and see less of everyone else. I shut down the rotating door on my apartment and stopped answering phone calls and slept long, miserable hours alone. 

There were a few weeks left in the first semester of my final year and it felt like I hadn’t seen or talked to anyone in weeks. I had tens of missed calls on my phone and my voicemail was full and no longer accepting new messages. I was lying in bed wide awake at 9 p.m. on a Friday when the phone rang. I didn’t recognize the number, so I picked it up.
“Hello?”
“Hi, Sean. How are you?”
It was a woman’s voice and sounded vaguely familiar but I couldn’t quite place it.
“I’m OK…” I said, hesitant.
“It’s Rebecca,” the voice said.
“I know.”
“You don’t seem too happy about that.”
“Of course, Rebecca. How are things?”
“Oh, final year, you know? It could be better. Not bad, but a lot of stress. It’s just… school, I guess.”
The back and forth was slow and awkward, each of us trying to feel out the others intentions and reactions.
“Yes,” I said, monotonous and disinterested.
“Would you like to grab a drink with me?”
“Well…”
“I’m at Maude Hunters. Please come down. I’m just by myself.”
“Alright… give me a half hour.”
I didn’t really want to go. I was comfortable in bed, but I hadn’t been out in weeks and Maude Hunters was only at the end of the block so I decided, if it was horrible, I could be back in bed within a matter of minutes. I hopped in the shower and scrubbed up and even shaved, which was something I hadn’t done in almost a month, and it took some time to chop through my frazzled, unkempt beard. I put on a pair of clean jeans and a white t-shirt and looked in the mirror. I hardly recognized myself. I looked so fresh, so nubile, so fraudulent. 
I walked thirty seconds down the block to Maude Hunters, which was like any other pub. It was more of a restaurant, really. They served up home-style meals with micro-brewed beers. Their Sheppard’s Pie was a particular speciality, though I found it to be a little too greasy. I walked in the door and had to climb a set of steps to get to the main dining hall. I got to the top and looked around for Rebecca. The place was packed, mostly with students. They were all drinking. There was a hockey game on the big screen, so they were all transfixed, which kept them from getting too rambunctious and causing a stir. 
I saw Rebecca sitting along the back wall by herself, twirling a swizzle stick around in a mixed drink, rum and coke, maybe. I walked over and sat in the seat across from her. She smiled at me and I got that nostalgic flush you get when you see an old flame and forget all about their horrible, awful qualities. It was always such a detrimental lie. The waitress came around and I ordered a double scotch, neat. I figured I’d need it.
“Let me just say,” Rebecca started, “that I feel I didn’t handle us very well.”
“It’s OK. I’m used to it.”
“You’re used to it?”
“There’s no need to lie now. Women are fucking crazy. You’re not the only one. It was just a little unexpected with you. I actually didn’t see it coming.”
“Don’t be an asshole, now! I’m trying to apologize.”
“Sorry.”
“OK. Well, I just felt like there were unresolved issues with us.”
“Don’t worry about it.” The waitress came over with my drink and I took a sip.
“To a fresh start?” She raised her glass.
“Sure,” I said.
The evening went fine and I had two or three drinks but kept it pretty low key. I didn’t feel like getting in with Rebecca again and I’m pretty sure that’s what she was after, even if just for one night. We talked about our classes and post-university plans. She had it all figured out. She was going to travel for a while and then come back and apply for a Masters in order to be a gallery curator. It all seemed nice and fine for her but I wasn’t very interested. There had been a time when I would have hung on every word she was saying, if only to get her pants off, but I just didn’t care anymore. Her busty chest, milky curves, and unassuming allure no longer worked on me. I was too down in the dumps.
“Well, Rebecca, it’s been nice catching up with you but I should really get going.”
“Don’t go. Just one more drink?”
“I really can’t.”
“I thought maybe…” she lowered her gaze and her voice softened, “You would want to invite me over?”
“Rebecca, you’re a smoking hot girl and I’m not trying to take anything away from you, so don’t take this the wrong way, but you’re a fucking nut job and my heart’s just not in it.”
“I wasn’t asking for your heart, asshole!”
I threw a twenty down on the table and walked out.

Steven was over the next night. He was one of the few people I had kept in touch with through all my hermitting, but he was beginning to get sick of me and was determined to cheer me up.
“I just don’t give a fuck what you want to do,” he said, “we’re going to a strip club!”
“That’s not my idea of a good time.”
“What did I just say? Put some fucking clothes on! Get out of that robe!”
He grabbed me by the arm and tore off my dirty bath robe that I had been wearing almost exclusively for the past two weeks. I reluctantly got dressed. I looked like shit. I needed a haircut. I needed to eat something. I needed some deodorant. 
We walked out of my apartment and hopped on the #28, taking it all the way to the bottom of Pandora Ave. downtown. We walked up to the entrance of Monty’s Gentlemen’s Club and Steven paid my cover. We went inside. It was seedy looking. A dank hole in the wall. A piss tank. There was nothing gentlemanly about it. We sat down at a table, a few feet away from the stage, and ordered a round of beers. 
“This is fucking disgusting,” I said, “let’s just go to a bar or something.”
“This is a bar.”
“JUST a bar.”
“This is better,” Steven said. He was staring at the girl on stage. She looked a mess. She seemed down on her luck. She had bruises all over her body and track marks up and down her left arm.
“Jesus Christ,” I said, “this is awful. That girl’s a junkie!”
“They’re not people,” Steven said, “they’re just dolls.”
“Christ, Steven!”
The waitress came over with our beers and we began drinking. I wanted to leave. I pissed and moaned the entire time. Girl after girl took to the stage and they all looked the same. They were abused and no one seemed to care. Christ!, I thought. 
After our first beer Steven bought me a private dance. One of the girls came over and took me aside. She sat me down in a chair, took to a mini-stage, and began twirling and grinding her junk up and down a pole in front of me. She was the same as all the others and it made me uncomfortable: she didn’t have any track marks but she looked rather sickly and had a long scar that ran the length of her torso. It must’ve not healed properly. It was a little swollen. 
“You don’t have to dance for me,” I said.
“Nonsense, baby! It’s all paid for. You just sit back and enjoy!”
“I can’t enjoy it.”
“What? I’m not hot enough for you?”
“No, it’s not tha…”
“All you fuckers are the same! You think I need saving or some shit! Well, FUCK you, man!” She signalled to the bouncer, “This little fuck’s trying to be all degrading and shit!” 
“What? No. I just…”
“Fucking shit college kids,” he said and grabbed my arm, pulling me up out of my chair and throwing me out on the street. I skidded along the pavement. I was bleeding. Steven came out a minute later.
“What the fuck did you do?”
“I didn’t do anything!”
“No? Hah! Having fun yet?”
Steven wanted to try another strip club but I talked him down to just a bar. We walked towards Bastion Square and went inside Garrick’s Head. I sat at a table nursing a pint while Steven went to take a piss. He came back with two girls.
“This one’s yours,” he said and pushed a cute little blonde in my direction.
“Hi,” I said.
“Hi.”
“Look, you two are hitting it off already!” 
Her name was Christine and she was a cute little thing but I just didn’t care. I wanted to go to bed. She came around the table and sat beside me. She brushed her right leg up against mine.
“Do you go to the university as well?” she asked.
“Yes. I do.”
“I’m just in third year,” she said, “what about you?”
“It’s my fourth.”
The conversation was innocent. She was fairly unassuming and soon we began to just talk. There were no games being played. We were just chatting. She was in kinesiology, which explained the body. She was from Calgary and liked the Flames but I didn’t hold it against her. Steven was having it off with his girl. They were groping each other and making out. They didn’t stay too long.
“Alright, we’re out of here,” Steven said and him and his girl stood up to leave.
“You going to be OK?” she asked Christine, like I was some rapist.
“Yes, I’ll be fine,” Christine said.
Steven and his girl zoomed out of the bar and I was left their looking at Christine, this petite little blonde girl who seemed rather innocent. She was sweet, but I couldn’t be bothered. I wanted to go home. I longed for my bath robe and bed.
“Let’s get out of here,” I said, “should I take you home?”
“It’s alright. I’m taking the bus.”
“Alright. Me too.”
We got up, walked out of the bar, and found the bus stop.
“Where you headed?” I asked.
“Shelbourne and Christmas.”
“No foolin’! I’m on the next block at Mortimer St.”
“In the blue building?”
“Yup.”
“Small world!” 
We rode the bus together and talked about school things - favourite classes, teachers, places to sit with a coffee, uninteresting things. I told her I didn’t get out much and preferred staying in and keeping it low-key, which wasn’t exactly true, but it was for the moment. She said she was the same way. We bonded over music. She’d heard of The Rosewood Thieves, which sparked my interest a little (they were one of my favourites). We got off the bus together and began walking down the street.
“Would you like to come over and watch a movie?”
“Yeah, sure, what the hell,” I said. I was beginning to enjoy talking to her and, by the way she was carrying herself, I felt that a movie just meant a movie, nothing more. I was OK with that.
We went to her place, which was just across the street from mine. It was an almost identical one bedroom apartment except hers had a dishwasher and an alarming lack of silverfish. Her furniture was nicer than mine and it all matched. The place was tidy. She seemed more grown up than me. There was a newspaper on the table. An actual newspaper: The Globe and Mail, not the Oak Bay News, the Goldstream Gazette, or the Martlet (University paper). I had a seat on her couch and she brought me a cup of tea. 
“Have you seen The Royal Tenenbaums?” She asked.
“Sure, I love Wes Anderson.”
“It’s one of my favourites. Do you mind?”
“Not at all. Pop it in.”
We sat and watched from opposite ends of the room. We were mostly silent aside from some giggling. 
“Would you like anything else?” she asked.
“No, just the tea is fine,” I said.
Christine got up and went into the kitchen. She came back a moment later with an apple, all de-skinned and chopped into wedges. She sat down nearer to me and I grabbed a piece. 
“You cold?” she asked.
“Yeah. Why’s your heat off?”
“It’s broken. Here.”
She reached under the coffee table and pulled out a blanket. She moved closer to me and draped the blanket over the both of us. I bit into a piece of apple.
Halfway through the movie, Christine leaned against me and put her hand on my upper thigh, underneath the blanket, and began moving it in a circular motion. I looked at her and she kissed me. I didn’t kiss back but I rolled with it just enthusiastically enough that she kept going. She pushed me down on the couch, flat on my back, and climbed on top of me. She shoved her tongue in my mouth and began twirling it around. She kept at my mouth for the rest of the movie. She never wandered from it. When it was all said and done she called me innocent and we curled up together on the couch. We talked a bit more and then fell asleep. 
We woke up together the next morning and I stood up and stretched. We exchanged numbers and I walked across the street to my own place and went back to bed.

Christine called me later that night and invited herself over. I was embarrassed of my place and said I’d come to her. I was still in my bath robe. I showered and tried to give myself a haircut as best I could. I looked a little better.
I walked across the street and banged on her window. She lived on the first floor and had a sliding patio door that she opened for me. She had another Wes Anderson film. We popped it in the player and sat down to watch. She brought out another apple and began pawing at me all over again. Her tongue found my mouth quite easily.
About halfway through the movie Christine reached down and unzipped my pants. She began to play with my cock. Her hands were cold and I shrunk on contact but she continued to massage me and eventually I got hard. I unbuttoned her blouse and removed her shirt. She was rather petite and didn’t have much to work with but her face was cute and she was fit. I grabbed a handful of blonde hair and began kissing her again. She swished her tongue in and out of my mouth, while continuing to tug at my cock. I wiggled out of my pants and pulled hers off. I sat up on the couch and she slid me inside of her and began riding me. She started screaming. I gave her a much quieter response. She screamed even louder. I grunted and she screamed even louder still. I didn’t know what to do, so I started moaning to match her intensity. I felt a little silly.
She reached behind my head and grabbed a chunk of hair, practically ripping it off my scalp. She was shouting incomprehensibly and gyrating insatiably. She relinquished her grip and slapped me across the face. It hurt quite a bit but she didn’t stop to acknowledge it - she just kept on riding. She slapped me again and screamed one last time before rolling off of me and laying lengthwise on the couch to catch her breath.
“That was alright!” she said.
Christine hadn’t bothered to wait for me to finish. I felt sick to my stomach. I thought about Julia. I walked home, put on my bath robe, smoked a joint, and fell asleep.

Chapter 22

It was that time of year again and finals were coming up, which meant I had term papers to write. I sucked it up one day and settled into a groove. I knocked out one after another and they were all bullshit but they would get me the grades I needed, which was all I cared about. Everyone else was busy writing and studying and cramming five courses and three months worth of work into not even a week and a half, so my absence was being forgotten and going unnoticed. 
I was coming out of my depression a little bit too, but that was only because I was starting to think that, maybe, I still had a real shot with Julia. I had listened to my voice mails and most had been from her and she seemed concerned and worried and wondering where I was. A part of me was happy to finally come above ground and want to do things and see people, while another part of me was getting sick and tired of my delusions and wishing that I’d just leave it all alone and continue sleeping 16 hours a day. I really couldn’t please myself. Meanwhile, I continued to see Christine, mostly for sex and Wes Anderson movies. I didn’t feel too good about it but no one knew, so it was alright.
The only people that weren’t locked in the library or barricaded at home were Justin and Julien, who gave just as little a shit about school as I did. Even Steven was studying hard and he didn’t even have to worry about his scholarship anymore, since it was his final year. Bad habits die hard, I guess.
I met Justin and Julien on campus on the big field in front of the library. Justin took out a joint and we got right ripped. It was a cold day but it was very dry and a couple sweatshirts and a toque were all we needed to stay comfortable. We watched everyone running around campus and buzzing in and out of the library. They were all very focused like worker ants in their due diligence. 
We sat and smoked and felt superior to everyone else because we were the only ones who understood that it didn’t matter. We saw the big picture: we didn’t need that A or that B or that C, but just a pass (but we usually got that A or B anyways because we were just more intelligent than other people and it wasn’t so much that we knew the right answers as much as we knew how to give the professors the answers they wanted to hear. After all, these were the arts, not biology nor computer science nor math nor physics nor chemistry nor economics nor even history, and they were open to multiple interpretations and we all knew that the only interpretation that really mattered was the professors’ because they were the ones marking our exams or papers and turning them around and telling us how intelligent we were and few people in the history of the world ever had more ego than the pretentious academic and they loved nothing more than to have it stroked gently and thoroughly. So, we spent our time not studying the material, but studying the professor, coaxing out his or her beliefs and internalizing them so that, when the time came, we could spit them all out and make them seem as if they had been our own all along, because that’s all professors really wanted to hear, most of the time). We knew that, in the end, there would be no difference between that student who studied eight hours a day for a whole week and scored that 95% and one of us, who studied maybe a whole hour and got 70% because, in June, we’d all be standing on the same stage receiving identical degrees and there would be no discernable difference between their lovely piece of paper, framed and hung proudly in their home, and our tattered piece of paper, stuffed between stacks of recycling and old books and crammed into the backs of our closets.
“So, where’ve you been, anyways, Sean?” Julien asked me.
“I..”
“You were missing?” Justin said and I smiled and exhaled in a laughing manner and replied, “Not really.” Nothing more was ever said on the subject.
One overweight first-year came out of the library and screamed at the top of his lungs, causing a flock of birds to vacate a nearby tree. We all looked at each other and laughed and lit up another stick of tea.

Two weeks later everyone else had finished with finals. Justin and Nancy had gone home for the holidays quite early but I, among everyone else, had no pressing interest in going home to the solemn drudgery of small talk and catchings-up that required adopting the mask, that family façade, the persona that those who loved you from birth expected you to be, without ever really knowing who you were, or even caring to find out. I put this inevitability off as long as possible and continued to occupy my time with a whole lot of nothing - days jam-packed with nothing - long, exhausting days: joints at the harbour, on the beach, at Cattle Point near Cadboro Bay, drinks at Darcy’s and the Beagle and Garrick’s Head, coffees at the Moka House, long lazy walks in the Vale with Julien, Steven, Harry, and Julia, but never with Ray. Almost-naps in the gardens and hikes up Mt. Tolmie. I even tried my luck at Mt. Finlayson but the weather was too cold and wet to get all the way to the top at nearly 2000 feet, so the climb turned to a walk, turned to a sit, turned to a watch, and there were squirrels and chipmunks and deer and raccoons and birds of all shapes and sizes and colours that fought for my attention as I sat at the bottom of the cold, wet, unclimbable hill, and they mocked me by ambling up it with ease.
I spent long nights out on the town with the whole gang. Everyone was cutting loose, maybe too loose, and making a ruckus and causing a stir and being both raucous and gentle and spastic and glorified and holy and loving and plotting to no ends their next move in the machinery of night, glowing wildly in the sparkling eyes of us young, lazy, slacking, ne’re-do-wellers, whether good or bad or somewhere in between. 
Between all the partying, I managed to see Christine a few more times and she continued to abuse me. I would go over late at night and she would jump on me and scream and slap me in the face a couple times. She must’ve gotten noise complaints from the neighbours. She was insatiable. I’d never seen or heard anything like it. There were no feelings involved and she hardly ever even waited for me to get off. It took all my concentration to beat her to the punch. I mostly went to her when I felt low and depressed. Not because she made me feel better, but because I found it a form of self-abuse and that was therapeutic in itself. She made me feel quite guilty, actually. I still wanted Julia but I thought, maybe, that I had to try to move on. I kept going back and forth on whether or not my silly little infatuation actually stood a chance.

Chapter 23

One night, in a drunken slurry of emotion, loitering at the bottom of Wharf St. with a jug of wine, I confided in Julien my love for Julia. He was excited and encouraging,
“Yes! I think it’s perfect, yes, yes! You need to tell her, and I always knew, I must say!”
“You knew?”
“Well, yes and no, but I figured as much just through sheer intuition and I pegged her for feeling the same way, I did! So, you must tell her!”
“I don’t know,” I said and took a swig from the jug. I lit a cigarette and sucked it down (I now smoked cigarettes more frequently and they no longer made me vomit). I passed the jug of wine to Julien.
“Down the hatch!” he proclaimed and threw back a monstrous gulp. He took on more than he could handle and came up spitting it all out on the sidewalk, so that we were standing in a big pool of red wine.
“Ah, come on Julien!” I said, “You’re making a mess!” 
“You cock! You fucking cock, wine! Stay down! You think you’re better than me, huh?”
He took another huge swig that stayed down this time, “Yeh! Take that! Hah! Who owns who now, wino oh wino?”
People passing by looked at us and scoffed, thinking that we were crazy. Julien continued talking to his jug of wine, giving it all sorts of hell.
“Get your shit together, bums!” someone yelled at us from across the street. We both laughed.

It was a few days before Christmas and I was packing some clothes into a duffel bag, getting ready to head off to the bus stop and out to Schwartz Bay to catch the 3 p.m. ferry to Vancouver. My phone rang. It was Julia. She was outside. I tossed her the keys from my balcony and she let herself in.
“You’re leaving now?” she said.
“Just about to. I’ve got fifteen or twenty minutes.”
“Alright. Here. Merry Christmas.”
She handed me a little box, wrapped in red paper with the tiniest of bows on top.
“You didn’t have to,” I said, “Should I open it now or wait until Christmas?”
“Whichever you’d like.”
I began unwrapping. It was a tiny little cardboard box made for jewellery or something of the sort. I popped the lid off. It was a necklace. It looked home-made.
“I know it’s not the one you saw,” she said, “I made it myself.”
I had seen this necklace in a store one time while we were out. It was an old rusty key strung onto a piece of leather. Fairly simple. I must have mentioned that I thought it looked nice. I couldn’t recall my exact words but I was shocked she had remembered. 
“This is great,” I said, “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.”
She stared at the ground. She seemed almost embarrassed to give it to me. I didn’t wear jewellery but I put it on anyways. It was great. 

Chapter 24

I was back in Victoria on the first day of the new year, hungover as all hell, beading bullets of sweat from my yellow tinged skin, with big old purple circles around my eyes, making it look as if I had been in a fight the night before (and maybe I had been - New Years Eve was always a bit of a blur). Julia came over and we talked about the holidays, at home with our families. Neither one of us was very excited to relive the experience through sharing it, so we just turned on the TV. We looked for bad movies to watch. Nothing was on. I went to the book shelf, grabbed the Concert For George DVD, and plopped it into the machine. We watched a while until Julia, tired from New Years Eve, fell asleep and flopped her limp head down on my shoulder. I couldn’t help but feel love and sadness all at once. 
I went to the closet and grabbed her a blanket and a pillow. I laid her down gently across the sofa. She didn’t move. I stretched out on the floor next to her and laid there a while, embracing the closeness and wondering if I should have stayed on the sofa. Eventually, I fell asleep.

I awoke the next morning from Julia’s foot coming crashing down on my stomach and I let out a big, “Ooof!”
“Whoops! You slept there all night? Hah, hah, we must have been exhausted, eh?”
“It’s fucking freezing in here,” I said.
I looked out the window. There was about a foot of snow outside.
“Holy Christ!” Julia shouted.
Much like the heat waves, Victoria was good for a day or two of snow a year. It almost always came sometime in January and the slush lasted for a week or two. 
“I’ll turn up the heat,” I said, standing up and stretching. 
I put on a pot of coffee and Julia went into my closet and grabbed two sweaters. She put one on and gave me the other, the one I liked less. The radiator wasn’t working. I put on a couple pairs of socks and held my hands over the stove as the coffee brewed.
“What do you have to eat?” Julia asked from the other room.
“I’ve got nothing. I cleared it all out before the break.”
“Let’s get some groceries.”
I had driven my car back from Vancouver for my final semester, prematurely anticipating the move home. It was an old, green, 1993 Honda Civic and it barely ran. I was afraid the snow was going to kill it, but it sure beat trying to walk to the store, so we got in and gave it 5 or 10 minutes to warm up. It started fine and the grocery store was only a two minute drive, so I was cautiously optimistic. I made a left out of the parking lot onto Mortimer St. and a quick right onto Cedar Hill Rd. So far so good. Cedar Hill Rd. was a small back road through a residential area with shallow ditches on either side. The street was covered with snow and my tires had very little traction, so I only ended up going about 15 km/hr and panicking the whole time. 
“Shit! Shit! Shit!” I said.
“Be careful!” Julia shouted back.
“I’m sliding all over the place! My car can’t handle this!”
We went about 100 metres in two minutes and were completely stop and go. At least we had the road to ourselves. No one else had been foolish enough to brave the terrain.
There was a slight grade coming up but I wasn’t thinking much of it. It seemed too small to do any damage. Half way up the car began to spin and slide backwards.
“STOP! STOP! SHIT!” Julia shouted.
“I can’t do anything! Shit! Fucking ABS! Where’s my goddamn ABS?!”
“You don’t have ABS!”
“Shit! Shit!”
We spun 90 degrees and slid down the hill sideways. I did everything in my power to keep from careening into the ditches on either side.
“Give it more gas!”
“I am! I am!”
“Now break!”
“I am! I am!”
“Now turn!”
“Which way?!”
“That way! That way! No! The other way! More gas!”
The car continued to spin a full 180 degrees and all of a sudden we stopped, facing the wrong direction, smack dab in the middle of the road. No harm done. We both looked at each other and laughed, our hearts racing.
“Let’s order in,” Julia said.

I spent the rest of the day with Julia, pining after her, but I got nowhere. 
That night I called Christine and made my way over to her place. 
My face was sore for three days.

Chapter 25

The last semester of my final year began without a hitch. Classes were fine, but I wasn’t all there, mentally - I had already checked out, more or less, and what would have usually been easy marks were giving me a bit of a rough ride. I was never in any danger of failing, though, and that was where I set the bar; It gave me more freedom to enjoy the last four months care-free. I noticed that I was getting a lot older and all the first years on campus seemed like babies to me. It reminded me of high school and I didn’t like it one bit. I would constantly catch bits of conversation between younger students and it seemed like they had gotten progressively dumber. Each new intake managed to reach higher levels of idiocy. As if I wasn’t already jaded enough towards the idea of higher education, these new students came along with their mind-numbing pop cultural references, inexplicable slang, and horrible taste in music, and I just grew more and more bitter and annoyed. I put them out of sight and out of mind as best I could and went along my way, achieving satisfactory grades and trying to draw as little attention to myself as possible, as I attended every third, fourth, or fifth lecture, showing up to submit assignments and then leaving.

On the weekend I went to dinner with Julia, Steven, Harry, Julien, and Nancy. We all met in Cook St. village at Minato, a sushi joint that operated out of the ground floor of an old renovated house. The house still had an attached garage with a beat up old car and all sorts of yard tools but no one lived there. The sign out front read ‘COOK STREET VILLAGE FOOD COURT’ and there were two or three more restaurants that shared the location and used the top floor. It was sort of hidden down a back road, just off the main drag, and only people in the village knew about it. It was good food at a reasonable price; we certainly weren’t paying for décor. We sat down and looked over the menu.
“What should I try?” Julien asked me.
“What kind of sushi do you normally have?”
“I’ve never had sushi.”
“You’ve never had sushi!”
“I’ve never had sushi.”
“Try the Edo Futomaki,” Steven said.
“Alright.”
I had a dynamite roll and avocado roll and we all split some nigiri sushi, where they drape a thin slice of fish over a bed of rice. I stuck to the salmon because it was familiar. I couldn’t stand tuna. The order came and we all dove in like a pack of rabid wolves, except for Julien, who was apprehensive. He took one bite of his Edo Futomaki.
“Blech!,” he spit it out onto his plate, “That’s disgusting!”
“That was mean, Steven!” Harry said.
“I thought he’d like eel and egg and crab and masago!”
Everyone continued to eat and I got up to use the washroom. I walked in, pulled up to a urinal, and unzipped. A man came in and unzipped directly next to me, ignoring all the free urinals down the row.
“Nice food, eh?” he said.
“Mhm.”
“I just love raw slabs of meat, don’t you?” he said, licking his lips a little.
“I prefer mine shredded and flamed to a crisp.”
His eyes widened and I zipped up and went back to the table. 
We finished eating. Julien just sat there, skin hued green, looking as if he were going to vomit. He went right home after dinner, claiming not to feel well. The rest of us couldn’t decide what to do and begrudgingly split up and began walking in separate directions towards our relative bus routes. Julia and I walked down Cook St. together, towards the water.
“I don’t really feel like packing it in,” I said.
“What do you feel like doing?”
“Let’s see a movie.”
“Should we call everyone back?”
“Nah, forget it. We’ll just go.”
“Alright.”
We walked back towards downtown and up Blanshard St. to the Capital 6 on the corner of Yates St. It was a cold night and we were bundled up tight, with great big winter coats, toques, hands in our pockets, and shoulders arched high and forward, the way people do when they’re trying to block the cold. We didn’t talk much on the way there. It was a little chilly for that. We just watched our breath float away from us and picked up the pace.
We bought our tickets and the pimply faced kid behind the counter started hitting on Julia, giving her the eye and trying to chat her up. It pissed me off. How did he know I wasn’t with her? Maybe I just had that look. Maybe I was just an ugly son of a bitch. She indulged him a little and answered his questions and I had to hurry her along towards the theatre.
We sat down, watched the previews, and fought for the armrest a little. We settled on splitting it and my arm was left rubbing up against hers for an hour and a half. We had taken off our coats. She had soft skin. It was pleasant and I took it to mean more than it did. Periodically, I would lean into her and then lean away, as if I were adjusting myself. I was hoping she’d catch on and lean back but she never did. I got no answers. I was still left wondering. 
The movie was OK. It was a chick flick and I’m not even sure what it was called. They all seemed to blend together. A man and a woman didn’t know that they were supposed to be together and then, in the end, they realized it. How original. I wasn’t paying too close attention to what was on the screen. I spent the evening obsessing over Julia and soaking up every moment. I couldn’t get over her. I was a different person around her. She made me happy and less cynical and I loved her for it. I needed to be with her but I couldn’t see a way. She had pegged me as a friend and that’s all I was ever going to be. I began plotting ways to get around it but I couldn’t figure it out, aside from laying everything down on the table and being straight with her, but that would almost surely lead to rejection. No, I felt I needed to trick her. But how? I didn’t know.
The movie ended and we got up to leave.
“What’d you think?” she asked me.
“I didn’t like it. I mean, it was OK.”
“I thought it was sweet,” she said.
“I guess it was, wasn’t it? Should we grab a coffee?”
“I’m sort of tired, Sean.”
“Alright. I’ll walk you home.”
“That’s OK. It’s out of your way. I’ll be alright.”
“You sure? Don’t want you getting raped now…”
“I think I’ll manage. Who’d want to rape me?”
“You’d be surprised at what kind of sickos are out there!”
“Hah, thanks! I’ll be OK. I’ll talk to you later.”
“Bye, love!”
“You goof!”
On the way home I stopped by Christine’s place for some sex. She slapped me around a while and screamed. I managed to squeeze in an orgasm. 

Chapter 26

The next week I was out of weed and Justin was my guy. He knew how to get most anything, but he never dealt the stuff himself. He only hooked me up and a few of his other close friends. He came over to my apartment and we set out together to his dealers’ place.
"Do you think I could get some shrooms too?" I asked.
"Oh? It's shrooms you want, eh? Alright. Let's go to my shrooms guy. He's got weed too. It's not quite as good but two birds with one stone. Sound OK?"
"Alright."
We made a uie and began heading west. We drove through downtown and over the Johnson St. Bridge. We made a couple hard right turns and then a few lefts. We ended up in a residential area out in Esquimalt. We pulled up to a cracked-out looking house and Justin stopped the car. The yard was all overgrown and one of the windows was covered with a garbage bag and duct tape. The place was falling apart. 
“Just let me do the talking,” Justin said.
“Sure.”
We walked up to the front door and Justin rang the bell. I stood behind him. Some guy answered. He looked about twenty-five. 
“Hey Marcus,” Justin said, “Is Ollie home?”
Marcus nodded his head and stepped away from the door. We followed him inside. Ollie was sitting in the kitchen eating some soup with a small television set blaring daytime court TV in the corner. Ollie was a fairly nondescript guy. He wore nice clothes and looked a few days unshaven. He motioned towards me.
“Whose this?” he asked.
“It’s my buddy Sean.”
“Hello,” I said.
“Alright. Have a seat.”
Justin and I sat down at the table and Ollie left the room for a second. He came back with a box full of drugs. All sorts of drugs. They were compartmentalized in little drawers and baggies. It was a regular Pharmasave.
“Just a couple grams of shrooms and a quarter of weed,” Justin said.
I looked around the room while Ollie took out a scale and started weighing the sale. 
“You need anything else, Justin?”
“Nah, that’s it.”
“Alright, well get it now if you do. I’m not sure how much longer I got. My head’s been killing me lately and I can barely move my legs. I’m not sure what’s going on. I think I’m going to die. I went to the doctor and he didn’t know. No one knows.”
Justin just nodded.
“I wake up most days and have to vomit. It’s insane. Sometimes there’s blood. Ah, I don’t got much time left, I just know it.”
“I knew a guy who went through something like that,” I said.
“What did he have?”
“The doc’s didn’t know. That was the problem.”
“So, what happened to him?”
“Ah, he died,” I said.
“Yeah. Yeah. I knew it. Yeah. Everyone laughs at me but I knew it. Yeah. You want a beer?”
Justin shook his head.
“Yeah, I’ll take one,” I said.
“You go to school too? You’re just a kid, eh?”
“Yeah I go to school,” I said, “I’m in Arts. It’s alright.”
“Yeah, yeah. It’s alright,” he repeated. I took a few hits from my beer. “You like music, kid?”
“Sean. Yeah, I like music.”
“Listen to this,” he walked over and turned on the stereo. I didn’t recognize it. It sounded like Jeffrey Lewis, or like Jeffrey Lewis and the Fugs. The TV set was still blaring court TV in the corner.
“Pretty good,” I said, “Who is it?”
“It’s Nodzzz,” he said, “That’s with three z’s. You should check them out.”
“Yeah, thanks.”
Marcus peaked his head into the kitchen. “Will you turn that shit off? I’m trying to sleep.”
“Alright, Mark,” Ollie said and turned to me, “Mark works the night shift.”
“Sorry, Mark,” I said. He glared at me and turned around, pissed off, and walked back to his room.
“Mark’s a sore fella, don’t mind him,” Ollie said. 
“Listen, Ollie, we gotta get going,” Justin said.
“Aw, you sure? What’re you two up to later?”
“Oh, you know. Just busy.”
“Ah, alright. I guess maybe I’ll see ya, maybe I won’t. Who knows how much time I got left.”
We grabbed our drugs and got up to leave. 
“Thanks for the beer, Ollie.”
“No problem, kid. Take care now.”
“You too, Ollie. Try not to die, now.”
“Shit,” he said.

Chapter 27

Around the middle of February, Steven, Justin, Julia, and I headed downtown to Lucky Bar to catch some indie band from Chicago that Justin had been raving about. We had a few pre-game shots at Justin’s apartment and set out. Lucky Bar was at the bottom of Yates St., near Wharf St., where I had first confided in Julien about Julia. It was a long, slender, cavernous bar with a stage that rose above everyone’s heads at the far end, away from the door. We got there just as the band was setting up. Julien, Harry, and Nancy were already there (Ray was off on a work co-op on the east coast, doing something with farmed salmon, or lobster, or crab fishing or testing, or something like that - something nautical). I went to the bar and ordered a couple drop shots for Julia and I and another beer for myself. 
The band opened up their set with a cover of Dire Strait’s ‘Walk of Life’ set to a drum machine and key-synth. It went over alright but then they got into their original material and it made my ears bleed. They were electro-dance-ish and the front man was wearing a military grade British Redcoat and a top hot. I couldn’t understand a word he was saying. He was shouting incomprehensible slogans, rhythmically, to strong synth and bass. They had a guitarist but he wasn’t coming through at all. All anyone could hear was the synth keyboard and the five-string bass but the audience ate it up, for the most part. Justin loved it. He was in the middle of the dance floor going nuts like it was a rave and he was on Ecstasy. 
A few people at the back began booing and shouting, “You suck!” and things of that nature: “Nice coat, faggot!” and “Dolly Parton wants her haircut back!”. After a few more drinks Julia and I joined them and began heckling the band. It was great fun because there was no way they couldn’t hear us - it wasn’t a very big venue. At one point the lead singer looked over in our direction and we saw his shoulders sink down a little. That gave us some kicks. The rest of the patrons, maybe fourty or fifty of them, were cutting up the dance floor. The bartender came over to us and told us to settle down and let the band play.
“But they’re terrible!” I said.
“Yeah, believe me, I know. It’s bad for business, though.”
“Yeh, alright, alright.”
We hit the bar hard, hoping it would improve the music. Harry came and sat with Steven, Julia, and I at the bar. She looked sad and lonely. She missed Ray and I tried to cheer her up by getting her to do a couple drop shots and a prairie fire (tequila and hot sauce - disgusting). Her spirits lifted a little and the two of us proceeded to get wasted. Julia and Steven were slow catching up as Harry and I powered through drink after drink after drink (which didn’t improve the music, whatsoever). Harry began to get belligerent and scream out nonsensical jeers: “Put that cock back in your drumset!”, “Pillywicker musical chairs!”, “Fuck the Cubs!”. The bartender came over to her.
“You gotta settle down, miss.”
“Ah, you pickle fucker! You settle down!”
“Take care of your friend here,” he said to us.
“Hey, Sam Malone! You pickle fucker, how ‘bouts another drink?!”
Julia herself was going a bit overboard. She was hanging off of me, arm around my shoulder, and beginning to slur her words a little. Julien kept looking at me, giving me that knowing eye. He was egging me on but, even in my drunken state, I didn’t want it to happen like that. I glared him down, as if to tell him to shut the fuck up and keep quiet and not stir things up. Harry was still arguing with the bartender.
“Let go of me!” she said.
“You’ve had enough, let’s go. You’re out of here!”
“Don’t you touch me, Sam, or I’ll tell Diane!”
The bartender grabbed Harry by the collar and gave her the bums rush. We all left with her except for Justin and Steven, who stayed behind, and Nancy, who was being a bit of a downer and took a cab home. Julien, Julia, Harry, and I walked along Wharf St. and Harry began to pass out. We hailed her a cab and Julien went with her because it was on his way home. I continued to walk with Julia, arm around her shoulder, back to her place. 
Julia lived in a basement suite in Fairfield, just off Dallas Rd., only a couple blocks from the ocean, and only a couple blocks from Cook St. village. We had to descend some steps outside of the house to get down to her separate entrance and, once we got in, the ceiling was low (about 7 feet, maybe less) and I felt compelled to duck. We sat down on her couch and she grabbed a couple bottles of water for us. We were both drunk and I wanted her - I wanted her bad. She kept giving me that look, that long piercing look. She wanted me. Or she at least wanted anyone because she was so drunk. I began to think that that’s what it was. I couldn’t bring myself to do it like that. I gave her a kiss on the cheek, said goodnight, and fell asleep on the couch.

I woke up the next morning to the sound of Julia vomiting. She was really tearing her guts out in the other room. I sat up and began to feel a little sick myself, so I ran to the kitchen and hurled into the sink. My skin was clammy and my head was pounding. I ran the faucet, washed my face, and rummaged through Julia’s drawers for a Tylenol, popping one into my mouth and throwing it back with a mouthful of water. I filled up another glass and went to check on Julia. She was lying on the bathroom floor, arms cupped around the toilet bowl and moaning for dear life. I handed her a Tylenol and she swung it back but threw it up almost immediately. 
“You need something to eat,” I said.
“Gahhmmahpaahhh…”
“I’ll go get some breakfast for us.”
I grabbed my jacket and walked the couple blocks to the village. I picked up some eggs, veggies, orange juice, and a nice fresh loaf of cranberry sourdough from the village bakery. I began walking back.
It was a nice day, if a little chilly, but it was only late January and that was to be expected in a northern, oceanside town. The fresh air picked me up a little but I still felt like shit (and must have looked it, too, because a beggar stopped me and said, “Spare any change?” and I turned to face him and he said, “Nevermind, you need it as much as I do, brother!” and that caused me to laugh a little but the laughing hurt my head, so I emoted a sad, cringing, painful expression and he shot me a sympathetic head bob with raised eyebrows and I continued to walk down Cook St. towards the grocery store - this was before I had picked up the groceries, mind you). My skin was still clammy and even the tiniest bit of exercise had me dripping with sweat. I was forced to wipe my brow dry every few minutes as I walked down Cook St., groceries in hand, back towards Julia’s basement suite. 
“Sean!”
I turned to look behind me and was surprised to see Justin sitting on the patio of the Moka House. He was up early. It was only ten o’clock. 
“Come have a coffee,” he said.
“I’ve got to get back to Julia.”
“You make her yet?”
“Now, now…”
“Then have a quick coffee. She’s not going anywhere.”
I had a seat and we talked a while. I expressed my genuine disbelief at how horrible the band at Lucky Bar had been. Justin defended them to no ends, saying that I just didn’t understand electro-dance. He had a point, but I said if I needed to understand a type of music in order to dig it, then it was probably just shit, plain and simple. I think he saw where I was coming from.
“Let’s get breakfast,” Justin said.
“I have to get back to Julia’s.”
“She’s so hungover, yea? Just let her sleep and come up to my place for a smoke and we’ll go to Rosie’s.”
“I can’t.”
“Don’t be a goddamn pussy!”
“OK, OK! But we have to be quick…”
“Of course!”

I woke up on Justin’s couch sometime after noon. The pot had knocked me right out. I must have been tired. I looked around but Justin wasn’t home. I grabbed the bag of groceries and ran towards Julia’s. I was feeling a lot better now.
When I got to Julia’s I knocked on the door but there was no answer. I called her but she didn’t pick up. I knocked again. Nothing. I left the groceries on the steps and went home. I didn’t hear from her for days.

Chapter 28

I saw Christine about once or twice a week just to get off and it still made me feel terrible. I felt like I was cheating on Julia, especially since we had come so close that night of the concert at Lucky Bar. Christine never pushed for anything more. Afterall, she was using me as much, if not more, than I was using her. Whenever I felt like shit, I’d go over to Christine’s place, we’d put on a movie, she’d cut up some fruit, and abuse me to no ends. It was alright. It was completely under the table. It was masturbation.

Chapter 29

The next week I had some assignments to do. I had to pick an essay topic for a class in 20th century Canadian art, formulate a viewpoint or some rough ideas, and go in and have a chat with the professor about it. Usually I wouldn’t give a paper so much thought, I’d just rush through it in a day and hand it in; applying so much forethought was a foreign concept to me. The only stipulation was that our subject had to concern itself with composition. The actual idea was up to us. I settled on examining the use of colour in Frederick Varley’s work (I stole the idea from that postgrad, Lin, from my film seminar). I started looking at some of his paintings online and in the textbook and I knew he loved the west coast, so I figured he was in to aboriginal concepts of design and colour. I thought that I’d try to draw a connection between the First Nations’ spiritual employment of colour and Varley’s own colour use. The prof’s going to eat that up!, I thought. 
My phone rang.
“Hello?”
“Mind if I come over?”
It was Steven.
“I’m kind of busy,” I said.
“I’ve got mushrooms.”
“When can you be here?”

The next day I walked up to school and headed over to the fine arts building to meet my professor for the mandatory pre-essay discussion. I got there a bit early and noticed a cute girl standing outside the front door smoking a cigarette. She seemed like a bit of a bitch (one can always tell - there’s just an unmistakable aura that those types exude), but I had a craving for a cigarette. I approached her.
“Mind if I bum a smoke?” I asked.
“Sure,” she said, handing me a cigarette with foreign writing on it. I couldn’t make sense of it.
“What are these?”
“Oh, they’re from Poland,” she said, “You’ve probably never heard of them… I only smoke imported.”
She was the problem with University and why it got such a bad rap sometimes. It nurtured pretentiousness. Mostly false pretentiousness. There were tens of millions of people in the world who knew exactly what these cigarettes were but, in the eyes of this uninformed girl, she was the only one. I didn’t make a point of standing around and talking to her and she had no interest in talking to me. She was decked head to toe in what looked like (admittedly, I don’t understand fashion) high end Parisian garb: tall boots, scarves, fitted jacket, leggings and a high-waisted skirt. Her wardrobe must have cost as much as tuition - a trust fund baby, no doubt. To me she looked fucking ridiculous but I wasn’t one to talk in tattered old jeans I’d had for more than five years and a white t-shirt that I bought in packs of three for $10.99. I hurried the drags on my cigarette and went inside the building.
I was still a bit early so I had a seat in the foyer and began reading a few passages from Walt Whitman’s Leaves of Grass, which I had in my bag. I wasn’t much for poetry but a friend had lent it to me and I rather enjoyed it. I couldn’t read much more than a few pages at a time without getting exhausted, but those few pages were a nice escape. 
The foyer of the fine arts building was one of the nicer ones on campus. The building itself was tiny and seldom received any funding but the ceilings were high and the windows ran the length of the walls, letting in plenty of light on two of the four sides. Student art was hung pretty much wherever there was room. Most of the pieces were trash and looked very amateurish but there were a few pieces that were, at the very least, interesting. These were mostly abstract works, which were probably “horrible art” but it was very hard to tell, so they got away with it. 
I put my book away and turned my iPod to shuffle.
In the middle of the foyer there was a table set up with student union types sitting behind it, petitioning everyone who walked by (most just kept on walking). It was for the upcoming federal election. There was a large banner with a crudely scribbled slogan that read, “Ch-Use Your Vote!”. The cigarette smoking girl came in from outside, walked up to the table, and had a seat behind it. Figures, I thought. 
It was about time to get to my meeting. I gathered my things and began walking across the foyer to the long rows of classrooms and offices. I had to pass the election table. I looked straight ahead and tried not to engage them.
“Are you registered to vote?” the cigarette girl stopped me in my tracks and began handing me pamphlets.
“No.”
“Would you like to?”
“I don’t vote.”
“Why not?”
I really had to get to my meeting and didn’t have time for her nonsense, “I don’t see a point… it’s just one vote. You can get the next sucker.”
“If everyone had that attitude, no one would ever vote! In the mayoral elections in Vancouver, a candidate lost by just 11 votes! I can register you here.”
“Luckily, I’m only one person, not eleven,” I said and began walking away.
“You know, you should really take advantage of the freedom to vote. You’re being disrespectful to all those living in parts of the world that don’t have that right,” she said, indignant.
“…Excuse me?” I turned to face her.
“It’s really just a slap in the face to those people.”
“…How do you figure?”
“Everyone knows that… Come, let me get your information. It will just take a second.”
“Look, I don’t want to vote, OK?”
“It’s OK,” she said, “If you don’t know who to vote for,” she leaned in towards me and lowered her voice, “The Conservatives are the best choice.”
“Listen, I have the right to choose whether or not to vote and I ch-use to abstain, you pretentious prick! Christ, this is Canada, what a shit hole, eh? Better pick the right guy to turn this thing around!” I started to walk away.
“That’s just naiive! You don’t understand politics at all!” she shouted after me.
I turned to face her, still walking away, “Politics? Yeah, I’ve probably never heard of them…”
I found my professors office and knocked on the door. He was on the phone and waved me in. I sat down across the table from him, waiting silently until he finished his conversation. When he hung up the phone he asked me who I was and what I wanted. I was a bit embarrassed because I seldom went to class but I told him what I was doing there and we began talking about the essay topic. I explained to him what I wanted to do but he seemed to have reservations.
“Have you ever read anything to suggest that Varley used colour for spiritual purposes, like the Haida, Coast Salish, or Kwakwaka'wakw?”
“No, not specifically. It was just my own analysis after experiencing his work…”
“So it doesn’t have any basis?”
“Well, it has as much basis as an opinion. Are you not looking for opinions?”
“Opinions need to be grounded in hard fact.”
“What?”
“If no one has written it before then you shouldn’t write your paper on it.”
How would anything ever get written?, I thought.
“OK. So…”
“You should go to the library and look for books on Varley. Look to see if anyone else has ever written anything about his use of colour, specifically, and then use what you find to form the basis of your own paper.”
“So… I should report on what other people have reported about Varley?”
“Something like that.”
“So, no new thoughts?”
“Of course new thoughts! But only if you’ve read them somewhere else before.”
“…OK, but no opinions?”
“Oh, yes, I value your own opinions and interpretations!”
“Ok, so you want my own opinions as long as they’ve already been somebody else’s opinions in the past?”
“Sort of.”
“But if I can find evidence to show that Varley knew of First Nation’s use of colour for spiritual purposes and I used his paintings as examples of how he may have employed colour in a similar vein… I shouldn’t bother going up that path?”
“I’ve never read anything about that before.”
“I know, but that’s the point.”
“But it’s just speculation.”
“Yes, it’s my opinion.”
“Exactly.”
“So I shouldn’t do that?”
“I wouldn’t suggest it.”

Chapter 30

I woke up late one morning and rolled out of bed. It was Spring and the weather had been unseasonably warm for about a week. I was hungover. Again. It seemed to be the trend during Spring time. I thought about Julia. I rubbed one out. I felt sick. Guilty. 
Justin came over and began spewing a bunch of trash. I say trash because I didn’t believe it. Though, I probably knew it to be true. We had all been out the previous night at his place, everyone drinking and having a good time. Julia, Julien, Harry, Nancy, Steven, and I. The whole gang. I had left early. Or, more accurately, I had been put into a cab quite early, blacked out, with instructions on how to get home. Justin was saying, that after I had left, things had gotten a bit wild and he ended up sleeping with Nancy. Why anyone would want to sleep with that bitch was beyond me. Though, that wasn’t the unbelievable part. He went on to tell me that Steven had gone home with Harry and had called him this morning confirming that they too had fucked. It was all one big mess. I wasn’t very eager to see how the aftermath played out. 
“And Julia?” I asked.
“Don’t worry,” he said, “your love is still intact. Your balls on the other hand…”
“Yeah. I deserve that.”
Justin had a backpack with him that he set down and unzipped. He pulled out a toiletry kit and began removing items from it. He had a glass pipe, a lighter, and a bag of earthy looking dust.
“What are you doing?” I asked.
“My dealer just hooked me up with a little bit of H. Do you want some?”
“What the fuck. Get that shit out of here!”
“Why? Don’t worry. I won’t get addicted.”
“Cut that shit out man!”
He put the heroin in the glass pipe and lit it from underneath, inhaling. He took a few hits. He put the pipe on the table and sank down on the coach, lifelessly. I checked for vitals. He was still breathing. I tried to talk to him. It was useless. He went on the nod.
He came to later in the day. 
“Man, I don’t think I liked that,” he said, “I don’t feel very well. I need a beer.”
I grabbed him a beer from the fridge.
“Can you throw that shit out?” he said, “I don’t even want to look at it.”
I took the heroin and flushed it down the toilet.
“I’m not sure Burroughs had it right,” he said and sucked at his bottle of beer.
“Christ,” I said.
Justin’s phone rang and he picked it up.
“Really?” he said to the person on the other end of the line, “OK. You know Nancy and I hooked up last night, right? Yeah? Alright, sure. Yeah. Come over later.” He put the phone in his pocket.
“Who was that?” I asked.
“Harry wants to come over to fool around tonight. She just straight up asked me. She didn’t care that I’d fucked Nancy.”
“What the fuck is going on?”
“Just roll with it.”

For the next few weeks Justin, Steven, Harry, and Nancy continued to make like they were swingers living in East LA in 1976. Surprisingly, it wasn’t awkward at all. They all seemed to be having fun with it.  They never told me how it happened, or why. Perhaps it had been the rabbits on campus, multiplying by the dozens and stirring everyone’s libidos with their overt displays of eroticism or, perhaps it was due to all the wasted nights that had unsuspectingly arose from the long hours of daylight savings. All I could do was speculate. Sadly, this sexual illness never did infect Julia or I. Somehow, Christine caught it. She began fucking someone else. I started to see less of her but only less, not none.

Chapter 31

I was at home late one night, alone and hungover. It was past midnight. I was depressed. I was thinking about Julia, as usual. I was feeling quite sick. I needed sleep but laying still was uncomfortable and impossible. I packed myself a bowl and lit up. My stomach unknotted.
Feeling quite good and quite stoned, I put on some music, Bon Iver’s For Emma, Forever Ago. I sat and listened intently. Listened with my whole body - shutting off my ears and opening my eyes and my pores and my mind and letting the music wash over me. I felt every note, every stroke, every whimper, every breath. My phone rang. It was 12:47 a.m. I picked it up.
“Hello?” I said.
 “I’ve never been so high.”
“Julia?”
“Hi.”
“Hi. What are you doing?”
“Just listening to some music.”
“Oh, yeah. Me too.”
“Have you heard the bedroom covers?”
“The Morning Benders? Yes, you showed them to me a few months ago.”
I could hear a Ronettes cover through the phone: ‘Why Don’t They Let Us Fall In Love’.
“I’m listening to some Bon Iver,” I said.
“What are you doing tomorrow?”
“Nothing.”
“I’ll call you then.”
“Alright.”
We hung up and I took Bon Iver off the speakers. I went to my rack of old vinyl LPs and plopped Moondance onto the record player. Side one, track three.

I woke up the next morning feeling alright but a little groggy. I tidied up a bit, took a shit, jumped in the shower, brushed my teeth and put on some clothes. I sat down in the living room with a cup of coffee, a cigarette, and a joint, and proceeded to feel out a few Velvet Underground tunes on my guitar, belting them out at the top of my lungs (but immediately stopping whenever I heard a sound in the hallway - I was shy and my voice was shit). I kept this up for about an hour, going through ‘Sweet Jane’, ‘Rock & Roll’, ‘Sunday Morning’, ‘Oh! Sweet Nuthin’’, and ‘Pale Blue Eyes’. 
The phone rang and I picked it up. It was Steven asking me to come down to Cadboro Bay. He and Justin had gotten their hands on a canoe (I didn’t ask how). They were inviting Julien and I down to the beach to paddle around for a while. I hopped on my bike and rode up McKenzie Ave., taking it all the way past the University and down a steep, steep hill that shot me like a slingshot right into the bay.
When I got there Justin and Steven were scooting around the bay, laughing and splashing each other with their paddles. I waved them down and they started heading in to shore. Julien showed up while they were paddling in. He was shaking, his face white as a ghost.
“What’s with you?” I asked.
“I don’t want to go in the canoe!”
“Why not?”
“I can’t swim!”
I laughed. He was 22. I found it funny but he wasn’t joking. He had sweat beading off his face and he was all jittery, like he had just downed three cups of coffee.
“Don’t worry about it,” I said, “We’re all good swimmers. You’ll be fine. We won’t go out far.”
He didn’t acknowledge me. He just stared out, into the ocean, shaking.
When Steven and Justin finally arrived ashore Julien said the same thing to them and they told him not to worry and, with some persistent begging and reassuring, we got him into the canoe and out into the open water. He sat in the middle, without a paddle, gripping each side of the boat with his fists, digging his fingernails into the wooden hull. I thought he was going to crack the thing in half. He was petrified.
“Guys! Guys! Don’t shake the boat!”
“No one’s shaking anything, Julien,” I said.
“OK, OK… Just slow down a bit…”
Justin laughed and we looked at each other - Justin at the bow and me at the stern, each with one paddle, and Steven and Julien sitting in the hull. We made eye contact. We knew what each other were thinking. We continued along, as if everything were normal, and Justin began counting up to three, mouthing the numbers silently: One… two… three! We both swayed violently to the portside and we all went flying out of the boat and into the cold bay water. 
Laughing hysterically, we treaded water, trying to flip the canoe back around so we could drag it into shore. I looked around for Julien. He was spastic, waving his arms frantically and barely managing to keep his head above water. I swam over to him and grabbed him from behind, lifting his head above water and resting it on my chest. He was stiff as a board, which made it difficult to hold him and the two of us sunk like a ton of bricks. Justin swam over and helped me carry him to shore. He was screaming bloody murder but he was fine, perfectly unharmed, if a little frightened, and the rest of us fought back the urge to laugh.
“I could have died!”
“But you didn’t, Julien,” I said, resisting the giggles.
“But I could have! I can’t swim! I can’t swim!”
“We thought you were exaggerating.”
“Assholes! Bloody assholes!”
“Hah, bloody assholes?”
“Bloody assholes!”
“OK, OK… we’ll owe you a beer, how ‘bout?”
Julien sighed, “Fine.”
The four of us towelled off on the beach and began walking back towards campus. 
“Wait a second,” Julien said, “What do we do with the canoe?”
“Oh, just leave it,” Justin said.
“Where’s your car? Aren’t you going to take it home?”
“Nah, it’s not even mine.”
“What?” I asked.
“Yeah, it was just on the beach.”
“That wasn’t your canoe?!” Julien cried out.
“Possession is a tricky subject, Julien,” Justin said, “You see… ah, shit! OK, guys, run! Run! Ah, shit!”
I looked back and a man was running down the beach towards us, screaming about a boat. We picked up the pace and ran off the beach, towards the street and up the huge hill that lead us to campus, never stopping for breath or to look back, but laughing the whole way, except for Julien, who was still quite frightened and, on top of that, feeling guilty about inadvertently stealing a boat.
We got up the hill to campus and went over to Felicitas for a few pints. I bought Julien his beer and everything was forgiven. Julien was good that way. We drank a few and talked and Justin and Steven left before Julien and I, who ordered another round and shot the shit. 
“So,” Julien said, “are you going to do anything?”
“What?”
“Are you going to tell Julia?”
“I shouldn’t. She doesn’t feel the same way. It will just ruin the friendship.”
“You should. The worst that happens is she says no. But who cares? The alternative is you live with regrets! Do you want that?”
“No.”
“No, no, no, you don’t want that at all!”
“Well, I’ll think about it, Julien.”
“I’ll put in a good word!”
“No. Don’t do that. I’ll talk to her myself.”
“Listen, when I was ten I had this toy peddle car that I loved to play with. It was a big yellow thing, you sat in it and used the peddles with your feet, just like a bike, and there were two levers, one for each hand, that you used to steer. I used to bomb around in it all day. We had this big old driveway and I’d start at the top of it and gather a ton of speed and then just rip down the street in it. It looked like a stick of butter and it was my favourite thing in the world.”
“What the fuck are you on about?”
“Well, when I was fifteen, we had this garage sale and my mom asked me if I still wanted it and I did. I really did. I hadn’t played with it in years and it was probably too small for me, but I still wanted it. I told her I wanted it and she said, ‘Julien, you can’t even fit in it anymore! Let someone else have it!’ and I had to say, ‘OK, mom,’ because of this look she was giving me. It wasn’t a look to be argued with.”
“Yeah, yeah, so, you regret it. I don’t need the lectu…”
“Just listen! Gaddam!”
“Sorry.”
“So, my mom puts it out at the garage sale and is asking $25 for it and I thought that was a little cheap for something that was so fantastic but I didn’t say anything because my mom is not someone that you want to question unless you want to get your ass beat and, yes, even at fifteen she would whoop my ass.”
“Alright, alright.”
“God damn, you’re the worst listener, you know? Hah, hah!”
“Sorry.”
“So I never said anything and this person came along and was willing to buy it for $20 and my mom said ,‘OK’ and then it was gone! I never saw it again… You see what I’m saying?”
“You don’t want me to regret not speaking up.”
“What?”
“You want me to tell Julia how I feel!”
“What? Goddamn, no! I’m just saying I want my damn toy car back! Were you even listening?!”

After drinks I went home and had a little nap and woke up around dinner time, or just after, made myself a light snack, and sat down to some TV. Nothing much was on and I channel surfed for a while. The phone rang. It was Julia.
“Let’s get a drink,” she said.
“I don’t know,” I said. I was tired and didn’t feel much like doing anything, “I just had a few this afternoon with the guys.”
“Please. Just one. Maude Hunters is fine. I’ll come over.”
“Alright.”
I walked over and waited for Julia. Sometimes I went weeks without seeing her, much to my chagrin, and the last month had been one of those times, but I never felt like the distance apart mattered. I always felt close to her. I waited for a half hour but she didn’t show up. Finally she called.
“Hey, sorry. I can’t make it. Harry needs my help with something. Nothing serious, but I can’t come out tonight.”
“No problem,” I said.
“See you this weekend?”
“Sure.”
I called Christine on my cell.
“Hey, can I come over?” I asked.
“I don’t think it’s such a good idea. I’m seeing someone right now.”
“Oh, alright. Take care, then.”
I hung up the phone and thought about Christine pulling the hair out of another guy, screaming to her heart’s content, and slapping him in the face. Poor sap, I thought.

Chapter 32

On Thursday I went over to Julien’s apartment in Jubilee. I caught the bus outside of my building. It was only about a ten minute ride. I got off the bus at the east end of Fort St., where it turns into Cadboro Bay Rd., and made my way towards an old, four-storey, concrete building near the Recreation Centre where I sometimes played hockey. The area was nice and was close to all necessary amenities, with a shopping mall just down the block, but it was lacking any sort of pleasing aesthetic qualities. I walked up to the front entrance and rang the buzzer. It was broken. I called Julien to come down and let me in.
His suite was on the third floor and the staircase up smelled of rotting potatoes but I didn’t mention it and he ignored it, or maybe he was used to it. His place was a studio: one room, a half kitchen, and a bathroom. It was a fucking mess. Shit was scattered all across the floor and over the tables and the counters: books, CDs, DVDs, papers, clothes, food wrappers. In the corner were three full sized garbage bags, stuffed and overflowing. I kicked some rat feces with my feet and took off my shoes. I could hardly step anywhere without staining my socks with soot from all the cigarette ash. 
“Jesus, Julien.”
“What’s that?” he said as he poured himself a bowl of cereal, held it under the kitchen tap, and filled it with water.
“What are you doing?!”
“Funds are running low. Can’t afford niceties like milk right now.”
“Christ! Eat it dry!”
“Are you kidding?! Gross! Come on, have a seat.”
I looked for a place to sit but was afraid to touch anything. 
“I’m alright,” I said.
“Nonsense!” He took his arm and cleared a spot on the couch, sweeping all sorts of junk onto the floor, “I haven’t tidied up in a while. Sorry about that.”
“It’s nothing. You should see my place…”
We sat around and got high and talked about some philosophy of religion course that Julien had been taking. He proposed some theories for the existence of God and then continued to debunk those same theories. He just kept on throwing out a possibility for and then knocking it down with a reason against, in one continuous circle of logic. We never got much of anywhere on the subject and, after a while, I began feeling quite claustrophobic and hemmed in by all the dirt and muck and crap in his apartment and made an excuse to leave. 
 “No, no, no. One more joint?” he said and I couldn’t resist. 
We smoked another and Julien spilled his cereal on the floor but didn’t bother to mop it up.
“I know why you won’t tell Julia,” he said.
“Because I lack confidence?”
“No, that’s not it,” he said, taking his hand and placing it on my upper thigh. I looked at him quizzically and he stared back at me with a deep sense of purpose.
“Uhh…Julien…?”
He moved in towards me and ran his hand down my leg. I moved away, pushing myself off of the couch and onto the floor.
“It’s OK, Sean,” he said, “You don’t need to hide from yourself with all these false loves anymore!” 
He came towards me in one giant lunge and I shot back against the wall, crying out, “Julien! I’m not gay!”. He looked at me in disbelief.
“Are you sure?” he said.
“Quite, Julien. And I didn’t know you were!”
“I’m not,” he said and looked away, ashamed.
I sat on the floor, in shock for a moment, before getting up and saying to Julien, “I won’t say anything. But it’s not a big deal, anyways.”
“Why would it be? I’m not even gay!”
“OK, Julien.”
I stuck around for another half hour but neither one of us spoke much.

On the weekend Steven, Julien, and I were hanging around the inner harbour downtown. Steven was stressing about a final coming up and Julien was pretending not to be gay. Steven had printed off an e-mail he received from a girl who used to be obsessed with him in high school and was reading it aloud for our amusement.
"...We'd walk softly, hand in hand, down the Champs-Élysées, piercing deep into each others souls until we arrived back at our Parisan flat, where I would take your throbbing cock and lick it from the base to the tip. I'd put it in my mouth so far it would reach my stomach and you'd wonder how I'm doing it, but I'd gag for you, Steven. Whatever it takes to make you happy, that's what I'd do. You’d undress me with your teeth, latch your lips around my panties and rip them…"
"Christ!" Julien said, "what's with this girl!?"
"Poor Steph," I said, knowing her myself from high school.
"…we'd lay in bed caressing each others naked bodies and time would stand still. We wouldn't eat for days. We wouldn't need it. We'd live off of each others tender touch until..."
"Christ," I said, "Put it away!"
"What's with you?" Steven asked.
"Ah, nothing. Steph's a nice girl is all. I feel bad for her."
"Yeh, alright."
Steven put the piece of paper away.
"Mind if I hang onto it?" Julien asked. Steven gave him that 'what the fuck?' look and handed it over. Julien smiled. Fucking Julien, I thought. We sat in silence for a while, people-watching. Some guy approached us. He was about our age and looked like a college kid, fairly nondescript. 
“Hey, you guys know where the Western Union is?”
“Nope, sorry,” I said. Steven shook his head. The guy walked away. Julien burst out laughing.
“What’s so funny?” I asked.
“Hah, hah! Fucking hipsters!” Julien said.
“That guy was a hipster?”
“Of course he was a hipster! Western Union? Come on! Hah, hah, hah!”
Steven and I looked at each other, confused. 
“Oh, come on, guys,” Julien said, “Western Union? Who the heck uses Western Union anymore? Only hipsters!”
“Why only hipsters?”
“Because it’s so vintage! It’s not even relevant! It’s like the cassette tape! So damn hipster!”
“Hipsters like vinyls,” I said.
“Nah, hip people like vinyls. Hipsters like cassettes. Vinyls are too mainstream.”
“Makes sense,” Steven said.
We sat around and made a game out of spotting hipsters. I saw one kid walking along the opposite side of the street with red skinny jeans, a low-cut v-neck, and purple wayfarers. I punched Steven in the arm. Steven spotted a girl with rolled up khaki pants, boat shoes with no socks, and a keffiyeh wrapped around her wrist. He punched me in the shoulder. We kept this up for another twenty minutes or so, laughing hysterically the whole time. When you were looking for them, hipsters were everywhere. Sometimes even when you weren’t looking for them.
“There’s one!” Julien said and gave me a smack across the chest.
“Where?” I said.
“There! In the corduroy pants!”
“He’s no hipster.”
“Sure he is! Sure he is! He’s looking for Western Union, you can just tell! He’s poor as fuck!”

The next week was the last Friday before the exam period and we all wanted to go out with a bang. Harry’s friend from work was having a house party and we all decided to go along. We were told there would be a keg, plenty of drinking games, and plenty of girls. To this, Julien said, “There better be plenty of hot girls!” and I couldn’t help but feel sad for him, having to feel the need to lie to himself and everyone else. I kept my mouth shut tight and just let him live as he pleased.
Justin, Steven, and I showed up early and were already quite drunk before we even got there. We hit the keg and walked around a bit. It was a nice, warm night and the party was outside, in the backyard of a house in the Hillside area, not far from my own apartment. It was a good, young, university aged crowd, and everyone was drinking and some were even drinking more than us, which made us feel good and encouraged us to drink even more. We weren’t there for very long before the girls and Julien showed up. Harry knew most of the people and started making the rounds, introducing us to everyone. 
We settled into a groove. Justin flirted with one girl and Steven another. Steven’s was far better looking. A tall brunette with a bit of a fat ass in a dress that was far too short. Justin’s was less attractive and seemed to know it. She wasn’t trying to show off. She had herself bundled up in too many clothes for what the weather dictated. I sat in a lawn chair pounding back drink after drink, talking to some guy about music. He was trying to tell me that John Mayer was our generations’ Hendrix and would come to be immortalized that way. Christ, I hope not, I thought. Julia was standing across the yard next to some chochy looking guy - popped collar, aviator shades, board shorts, flip flops, a real loser - who was hitting on her. It was driving me crazy that she didn’t seem to be hating it. I had no idea where Julien, Harry, or Nancy were.
I pounded back another beer and this squirrelly looking fellow flew through the back gate, all panting and giggling. He sat down between myself and the person I had been talking to. His eyes were beady and red as tomatoes and he reeked of pot. He knew the guy next to me.
“You won’t believe what just happened to me!” he said, “I just blazed at Tony’s place and was driving home and I saw this cop car pull up behind me and I thought, Oh, shit man! so I kept it cool and drove the limit but it turned out that it was only a taxi!”
The guy he was talking to didn’t respond.
“But that’s not the crazy part! Hold on, hold on,” he said, standing up and walking to the keg to pour himself a beer and then coming back, “What was I saying? Oh! OK, so it was a taxi and then I’m driving along and I sped up a bit and I’m probably going 40 over down Shelbourne St. - just booking it - and a real cop shows up and throws on his lights! And I’m stoned as fuck! High as a kite! And I have a half ounce stowed away under the front seat, so I’m thinking, fuck! I can’t get caught with this! Fuck! Fuck!! So, I decide to speed up a little bit and turn a corner and disappear. I turn right on some street and the cop follows me and I zig and I zag and suddenly I can’t see him anymore, so I turn into this cul-de-sac that has a little island of bushes in the middle of it and I pull up behind this island and turn off my car and just hide, sitting real still like.”
“No way… you got away?” his friend asked.
“Just listen to this shit, man! So I sit there for a couple minutes and I see the cop go by! I see him, man! And he just drives right past me! Hah, hah! So, I wait a minute and pull out of there and I’m waiting at the intersection to turn back onto Shelbourne St. - to make a left and head back this way, ‘cause I overshot the turn the first time, outrunning the pig… So, I’m waiting to make my left and I see the cop coming up behind me! So, I just gun it! Hah, hah! I just gun it! Hah, hah! And there’s this big semi-truck coming towards me that I just slip by,” and he winces and motions with his arms how close he came to getting jack knifed by the semi, “And then the light down the street, where the truck was headed, turns red! It turns red, man! And the truck had to stop! He blocked the intersection and the cop was stuck there! Hah, hah, hah! He was stuck, man! Christ!” He took a few hits of his beer and I got up and went inside the house to look for someone I knew. 
Inside, the music was blaring and there were far more people than there were outside. Some were dancing and grinding up on each other, real raunchy like. I saw Justin there with his girl, who must’ve been sweating bullets in her turtleneck and hoody. Justin was rubbing his junk all over her leg and she had a great big dumb smile on her face. She probably never got so much attention. She was an unfortunate looking girl. I took a hit of my beer and finished it off. I went outside and poured another one. I filled up my cup. Steven was by the keg making out with his tall, fat, brunette. Everyone was getting some except for me. Julia was across the yard still talking to that chochy fellow. I chugged back my beer and filled another one. I went inside and found Julien and Harry. They were playing beer pong and losing. They were drunk.
“Sean!” Harry shouted. I raised my glass in acknowledgement and someone threw a ping pong ball into her cup. “Ah, fuck!” she shouted, “Sean! That’s Claudia,” she pointed to a girl standing a few feet away from me, who looked in my direction, smiled, and said hello, “She’s a hot bitch! Very fuckable!” She slammed back her cup. Claudia walked over to me.
“Hi,” she said.
“I’m Sean.”
“Harry told me a lot about you.”
“That’s nice,” I said.
“You’re in Arts?”
“Yup.”
“Are you graduating this year?”
“Hopefully.”
“Would you like to go somewhere to talk?”
“I’m going to get another beer,” I said and walked away from her. Julia was still on my mind. So was that chochy fellow. I went to get another beer and saw them still outside, still talking, their body language becoming more intimate by the minute. I chugged back my beer and walked around the yard a bit. I was beginning to stumble. I sat down in a lawn chair by myself, quite drunk. Julien came outside and walked up to me. He saw Julia at the far end of the yard.
“Tell her tonight,” he said.
“Why couldn’t I just fuck you?”
“I’m not sure… It’s still on the table,” he said, slapping me on the shoulder and laughing.
“OK.”
“Really?”
“No! OK, I’ll tell her.”
“Well, good enough, I suppose.”
I gathered myself together as best I could and walked across the yard to Julia.
“Can I talk to you for a second?” I said.
“Sure.”
I led her away from the chochy fellow and into a quiet, secluded corner of the back yard. She was looking at me, waiting for me to talk. I didn’t know what to say. My heart was racing. I was remembering how much I was in love with her. Our whole lives passed before my eyes - our home, our kids, our family, our holidays, our routines, our retirement, our travelling, our us. I almost teared up, the emotions were multiplying and compounding and growing more and more intense and finally I couldn’t take it anymore and blurted out, “Julia, I’m in love with you,” and she stared at me. I could see her heart sink. I ruined everything and I knew it. Immediately, I knew it. She didn’t have to say anything. I began to choke back my tears.
“Sean…” she said. I couldn’t say anything. I couldn’t even look at her. I stared at the grass under her feet. I needed her to leave, “You don’t even really know me,” she said, “…I’m sorry.”
That cut me deep and tears began rolling down my cheeks. It wasn’t so much the rejection but the affirmation of my delusion that hurt the most. I died a little.
I walked away. Julien was watching from across the yard. He came and draped his arm over my shoulder and gave me another beer. I threw it back and Julien took me home.

I woke up the next morning and stepped off my bed into a pile of vomit. My head was throbbing too much to care. My whole body was shaking. I remembered what I had done. I felt anxious, sick to my stomach. I was embarrassed. I got up and cleaned up the vomit and went right back to bed. I didn’t leave my room for a week, except to eat and shit. I missed all the review for my one final. I didn’t bother writing one of my term papers, automatically forfeiting 25% of my overall grade. I ended up with a D. 

Chapter 33

Over the next week many people came calling at my apartment, trying to cheer me up and get me out of the house but I mostly ignored them. I began to up my drug intake. I tried not to feel. I went to the doctor.
“What’s the matter with you?” he asked.
“I’ve got these migraines, doc,” I said, wincing, “I can’t shake them!”
“And how long have you had them?”
“They just started a day ago.”
“Any pressure changes? You come back from vacation lately?”
“No vacations. I’m a student. They just started up.”
“Could be stress migraines. I’ll write you a script for some Tylenol-3s.”
“I had some of those left over from when I fractured my wrist. I took two but they didn’t do much.”
“Alright. Try this then. It has a bit more codeine in it.”
He wrote me a script for Co-Codamol with 60mg of codeine phosphate per tablet instead of the regular 30mg in Tylenol-3s.
“Thanks, doc. Anything else I can do?” I said, trying to sound concerned and serious.
“Stay away from bright lights and noise, if you can.”
“Thanks, doc. I’ll try.”
I ran through the entire script in just a couple days - thirty tablets - it should have lasted me a week or two. I didn’t care. I just wanted to get away from it all. Julia’s words kept running through my mind: You don’t even know me… you don’t even know me… you don’t even know me… She was right. I was delusional. I should have left it alone. I blamed drink and pot for creating my fantasies - for coaxing love out of me, but I couldn’t stay mad at them. I knew they were sorry and they were making it up to me by easing the pain.

About two weeks after the house party I had to write my final exam on campus. It was for an intro to German course that I was forced to take as the language requirement for my honours degree. It was mostly translating and we were allowed to use a dictionary. Usually we just had to make sense of a German article and answer a few questions about it. Very little of the course dealt with actual grammar and structure and tenses and things of that nature, so it wasn’t very difficult. It was probably the easiest language course the University offered. I wasn’t fretting about missing the review. 
I walked up to campus and found the classroom. I sat down and waited for the test to be administered. I took out a pen but left the dictionary in my bag. The test was administered and the timer started. We had an hour and a half. I wrote my name on it and stood up. The course was graded on a Pass/Fail basis and I was running a 93% through 60% of the course. The final was worth 40% and only an overall grade of 50% was needed to pass the course. Basic math and time management skills told me it was a waste of time to write it and I wasn’t feeling up to it, anyhow. I went to the front of the class and passed my blank test to the professor.
“Done already?” he said, incredulous.
“Yes.”
He flipped through the booklet.
“Please sit down and finish the test. You have an hour and a half.”
“No need. I’ve done all I’m going to do.”
He shook his head in disgust and I took some joy in knowing that he would have to write ‘PASS’ on my final transcript. 
I went home and crawled into bed.

I spent the next month recuperating and was beginning to feel a little better day after day. I would still wake up each morning with a sick feeling in my gut, similar to anxiety butterflies, except these butterflies were gnawing away at my interior lining and crapping mountains in the pit of my stomach. But, each day, a butterfly seemed to die off, and that pile of shit was becoming less and less. Of course, the beer helped to wash it all away. 
Graduation was coming up but I wasn’t going to go. I didn’t need to sit in the hot sun all day for thirty seconds of walking across a stage to grab a piece of paper and shake the hand of someone I’d never met before. Others were attending though, mostly for their parents’ sake. Steven, Harry, Julien, Nancy, even Ray was coming back for it, and Julia too, I had heard. In the mean time, until I had that piece of paper in my hand, that $40,000 piece of paper, I was doing nothing. I wasn’t even thinking about the next step, whatever it was. It depressed me to think about it. I had no prospects, no skills, and no interests. Life seemed at a stand still. 

Chapter 34

I woke up one morning near the end of May, crawled out of bed and chugged back a glass of red wine that had been sitting out all night. I had poured it the night before and had never gotten around to it. I had been quite drunk. I was now quite hungover. The wine helped with that. I had a shower and walked outside to the bus, taking it down to Cook St. to see Justin. I rang his buzzer and he came down. We walked around for a while. I was feeling pretty good. 
“Are you going to graduation?” he asked me.
“Of course not.”
“No, I know you’re not. I mean are you going to go watch?”
“I hadn’t thought of it.”
“Let’s go watch and dick around. It’ll be fun.”
“Yeah… I guess…”
“How about this: We’ll make something out of it. We’ll get drunk or high or something. I’ll see if I can get some acid, maybe. We’ll just sit there and mock it.”
“Yeah, maybe.”
We sat a while in Beacon Hill Park and took in the day. It was sunny and warm and it felt good to be outside. My hangover was practically nonexistent.
“I’ve got people coming over tonight,” Justin said, “You should come by.”
I just nodded. I didn’t want to get roped into an evening with Justin’s fringe types. 
“It’ll be just what you need,” he said, “Have a couple drinks and just relax. There should be a few cuties there. Maybe if we get a few drinks in them we can finally get you out of this funk.”
I didn’t say anything.
“…Or, you know, you could just come and have a few drinks and continue to be a fucking misery.”
“Alright, alright. I’ll come.”
I went home for a nap before picking up a six-pack and heading back to Justin’s. I got there early and began drinking before anyone else showed up. I was a few in by the time his buzzer rang. He let someone in.
“Sean, Hank. Hank, Sean,” Justin said.
“Hi, Hank. Good to meet you,” I said.
Hank shook my hand. It was awfully sweaty. Hank was quite obese for someone our age, though he might have been quite a bit older. It was hard to tell. He was beginning to bald but was in denial, combing his thinning hair straight down in front of his face, as if no one were going to notice his missing hair line. He had on work coveralls that he tossed in the corner, stripping down to a pair of jeans and a tattered old wife-beater. He had a girl with him.
“I’m Betty,” she said. 
I shook her hand. She wasn’t good looking either, but she was too good for Hank. She was a short brunette with a bit of a gut and breasts that were already starting to sag. She was wearing a dress and I could tell she was trying to make herself up, but it wasn’t doing a whole lot. Her face wasn’t so bad, though. It had a certain natural quality to it. She wasn’t completely ugly. We all got to drinking. I sat on the couch across from Hank’s girl as she sucked the life out of one cigarette after another. She probably gave good head. She had the lips for it.
“You looking at my girl?” Hank asked me.
“What? Ah, no. She sure can suck a cigarette, though.”
“And don’t you forget it!” he said, “…I can suck one too.”
“Oh, uh… Yeah…”
“I’m just fucking with you! Justin, your friend here’s a bit of a queer, huh?”
“Ah, he’s alright,” Justin said, bringing me another beer.
A few more people showed up and then a few more and then a few more and soon the place turned into a bit of a zoo. I felt claustrophobic. I didn’t know anyone except for Hank and Betty and they didn’t seem to like me all that much. I clung close to Justin until he got tired of me and sent me on a beer run. I came back holding a 24-case and everyone came at me like animals, mugging me for their drinks. When the dust settled, all the beer had disappeared and I was left standing in the foyer with just one can in each hand. I cracked them both and started pounding them back, one by one.
“Your boy’s double fisting there, Justin!” Hank shouted from across the crowded room, motioning towards me in the corner, “There’s hope for him yet!” 
“You don’t want to egg him on, Hank! He can handle his own!”
“Hey, queer, come over here! I want to introduce you to someone,” Hank said. He was talking to me, “This is Patty. Say ‘hi’, Patty.”
The girl smiled at me. She took a sip of her beer. 
“Patty’s a good girl, you treat her well, queer.”
Patty was not half bad looking, considering the company, and it was nice to have someone to talk to. She had auburn hair that came down to the small of her back and she was quite skinny. A little too skinny. She looked like she was on the nod, and she probably was. She seemed coherent, though.
“How do you know Justin?” I shouted to her. It was loud and hard to talk over the speakers.
“Who’s Justin?”
“Uhm…”
“I used to buy weed from Hank,” she said, “What do you do?”
“I’m just about to graduate from University. Arts. What do you do?”
“I used to buy weed from Hank.”
“Oh.”
Hank leaned over to me and whispered in my ear, “She’s clean but bag it anyways, you never know!”
“Thanks, Hank,” I said.
I walked away from Patty and grabbed a beer from the fridge. I was quite drunk and having a miserable time. Patty came and found me.
“So you’re a college boy, huh?”
“I guess so.”
“You want to chase the dragon, college boy?”
“Well, I’ve never…”
“The first time’s the best. You got any junk?”
“No, I don’t have any junk.”
“Ah, shit! What use are you?!” Patty stormed off in a huff. She marched straight to Hank and whispered something into his ear. His face turned red. He was hot. He looked at me.
“Ah, shit,” I said to myself.
“Hey, queer! Queer! Get your ass over here!”
I turned around and walked out the front door.
I stumbled through the streets. It was a little quiet for a weekend night. I walked towards downtown and found a gloomy looking joint on the west side of the harbour. I went in and sat at the bar. I nodded to the bartender and he came over.
“Whatever’s on tap,” I said. He came back with a pint of lager.
An old man was sitting next to me, “What’re you drinkin’, son?”
“Alcohol,” I said.
“Bar keep!” The bartender looked in our direction, “I’ll have an alcohol,” he said and pointed to my drink, “and another for my new friend here!” The bartender brought over two beers. “You waiting for your woman?”
“I don’t have a woman.”
“Oh, I see,” he said, “I’m all alone tonight too! I just sailed in from Salt Spring Island today, Ganges.”
I nodded my head.
“Yup,” he said, “I’m just sailing my boat around the islands a little bit. Taking some time to myself. I just got a little one. About a thirty footer, yup. She’s full of life though, I tell ya!”
“I bet,” I said.
“Yup, so I’m just stopping in for the night, here in Victoria. Gosh, sure seems like a nice city!”
“It’s alright.”
“Alright is alright, I bet! I’d love to see ‘nice’ then! Hah!” He laughed at his joke, nudging me in the arm and slapping the bar with his hand, spilling his beer. I took a hit from my pint, disinterested in his stories. “Say, you ever sailed before?” he asked me.
“No.”
“Aw, that’s a shame, it is! I bet you’d be a great sailor. You just need a steady stomach and strong legs and, by the way you’re pounding back that drink, I bet you got at least one of those things! Hah, hah, hah!”
“I’ve been power boating,” I said.
“Aw, shucks! Power boating’s a lame man’s game! There’s no sense of adventure! It’s awful, just awful(!) when I see a good young lad like you out on a power boat! You oughta put that stomach to good use and let the wind do the work! You can‘t do half the things in a power boat that you can in a sailboat, I tell ya that much!”
“Can’t jet ski in a sailboat.”
“Well, no, you can’t do that…”
“Can’t parasail or wakeboard.”
“No, I guess not…”
“Can’t go tubing or travel upwind and against the current.”
“Hmm, well, no, you can’t do any of those things… but, in a sailboat, you can just sit back and let the wind take you away!”
“Is that so?”
“Well, no, not exactly… you have to stay sharp and man the jib and the rudder and what not…”
I drank from my beer and signalled to the bartender for another.
“I’ll get this one,” the old man said, “For a soon-to-be sailor!”
“I don’t know about that but thanks for the drinks.”
“What say we take the next one back to the boat? I’ll give ya a tour!”
“No thanks, mister.”
“Aw, don’t be sour, now! I won’t bite… unless you want me to! Hah, hah, hah!”
“I should probably get going after this,” I said.
“Don’t be silly! It’s a real nice boat, I swear!”
“I’m sure it is.”
“Now, listen here, kid,” he looked me dead in the eyes and grabbed my wrist, “These drinks don’t come free, now, know what I mean?”
“Ah, shit,” I said.
“…so just come on back to the boat for a little bit. We’ll have a good time. I promise.”
“Ah, shit.”
“…a real good time…”
“Barkeep,” I said. He came over, “I think this old man here’s trying to molest me. Can you call the cops?”
“Woah! Hey, now!” He let go of my wrist, “We were just talking, was all! One sailor to another! He’s got quite the dark sense of humour, this one! Hah, good pals we are!”
“Alright, old man,” the bartender said, “You better get out of here!”
“You fucking little shit, kid! I’ll see you outside, you fucking runt!”
I finished my beer and the bartender let me slip out the back.

Chapter 35

There was a week left before graduation and Steven and Justin had already lined up their post-university plans. Steven had snagged an internship with the Parks & Recreation department of Surrey and Justin had plotted an elaborate backpacking trip through southeast Asia. I could hardly wash my own clothes. I sunk into a lifeless stupor and watched the rest of my friends madly deliver applications and résumés all around the city. I took solace in drink and smoke. Fuck it.
A few days before graduation I drastically altered my diet. I wanted to look good. I didn’t want to seem a fucking mess in front of Julia, though I’m sure she knew I was. I ate one low-cal microwave dinner a day and ran 45 minutes each night, coming home to 200 push ups and 200 sit ups. I quit the drink and replaced it with a gallon of water a day. I dropped almost 10lbs in a little over a half a week. I wasn’t healthy but I looked good and that was what mattered.

Chapter 36

I woke up the morning of graduation to a knock on my door. I rubbed my eyes, put my dick away, pulled up my pants, and rolled out of bed. I opened the door. Justin walked in. He had a case of beer under one arm and an eighth of pot in his hand. He set the goods on the table, cracked a beer, and sat on the couch. 
“Let’s get this going,” he said.
I grabbed a beer and took it into the shower. I washed up, shaved, shat, and put on some nice clothes. I came out of my room and Justin was already smoking by himself. I joined him and washed down hit after hit with sips of beer. It was 9 in the morning.
“What time’s everything start?” I said.
“Social Science and Fine Arts faculties go up around noon. We should be there around 11:30.”
“Alright.”
I drank my beer and put on some music. It was a little early for all the noise. It felt strange. I should have been asleep. I sucked a cigarette on the balcony and Justin laid on the couch smoking out of a glass pipe. Besides being a little groggy from just having woken up, I felt great. The week long exercise regime had restored my energy. I was thin. Sleek. Slender. Energetic. Full of vigour. Piss. So was the day. The sun was shining, birds chirping, all that crap. It was warm. I could feel my pale skin tanning, absorbing the heat. It felt like cancer, but it was comforting. I grabbed another beer and pounded it back. I went to the fridge and bit into an apple.
Justin and I pocketed a couple bottles for the road and walked up to campus. We stopped at Felicitas for another drink. We were getting hammered. It was only 11 am. The pub was packed. Everyone’s sisters and mothers and brothers and fathers and grandparents and relatives had come out to see their little babies welcomed into the real world. There were families everywhere. Everyone was celebrating. It was a wild scene. We had another beer and walked out without paying. No one even noticed.
We walked from the Student Union Building towards the University Centre. There were students everywhere, all decked head to toe in long gowns and square hats. They were all smiling. Everyone was so proud. So smug. Congratulations’ were being tossed around like herpes. I didn’t understand it. University was the easiest thing I had ever done. I didn’t feel any sense of accomplishment, whatsoever. We walked around a bit and found Steven with his family. He was standing dead as a doorknob whilst his parents and grandparents pinched his cheeks and slapped him on the back and gave him long, amorous hugs and kisses and high fives and herpes. His dad reached over and gave him that stereotypical proud father handshake, which was meant to really mean something. He saw us looking at him from across the way and rolled his eyes. We laughed and left him to his embarrassment. 
 We sat down on the grass and people-watched for a while. 
“Fucking nuts!” Justin said.
“Who woulda thunk it?”
“They’ve come to cash out their dividends.”
“Jokes on them.”
We sat a while and Justin brought a joint out from his pocket. We lit it up in the vicinity of hundreds of parents and small children. No one batted an eye. We smoked and watched all the dumb kids with smiles on their faces hugging their loved ones. The atmosphere was thick with unaware disillusionment. Everyone was getting a piece of paper tonight. That was all that was happening.
It was almost time to grab a seat for the ceremony over in the University Centre auditorium. We stood up and began navigating our way through the sea of overzealous parents and undeserving graduates. There was a line-up for the auditorium seating. We stood in queue. Someone tapped me on the shoulder and I turned around.
“Heather!” I said.
“Hey, Sean!” She seemed genuinely excited to see me, and I her. It had been so long since she’d stormed off in a huff that summer with my fifty bucks in hand. She looked great. The last year had treated her well. Sexy as ever. She’d changed her hair style. Her bangs were gone. Her lips were the same.
“What’re you doing here?”
“My girlfriend’s graduating.”
“Well fancy that,” I said.
“Shouldn’t you be backstage?”
“Oh, come on, now.”
“I didn’t do mine either.”
Heather smiled at me. I smiled back. We chatted a little, reminiscing about the good times we’d had together. She wasn’t holding a grudge. She no longer cared that I’d treated her like an asshole and I had no ill feelings towards her. It hadn’t been her fault. Nor mine. It was just the nature of things, being cooped up together. It was such an unnatural thing. We walked inside the auditorium together and sat down, Justin on my right and Heather on my left. We waited for the show to get started. The Social Science and Arts faculties were going up as one and they were all seated together off to the side in their long gowns and caps, anxiously waiting for the proceedings to get underway. They looked uncomfortable, sweaty, hot. They looked a mess. One girl took off her cap and began fanning herself to cool down but someone in a different coloured gown walked over to her, leaned in, shook his head, and made some hand gestures that prompted her to put the cap back on. She looked fucking miserable. I sure was glad that I wasn’t sitting there with her. I smelt booze and looked at Heather. I wasn’t sure if it was me or her. Or maybe it was Justin.
“Have you been drinking?” I asked her.
“Haven’t you?” She smiled, kidding with me. It was so unlike her. Maybe she had changed a little. Maybe she’d loosened up. I shrugged, admittedly, and she did the same. The lights dimmed and the Dean walked up to the podium. He welcomed all the parents and grandparents and began his speech. He didn’t say much. He welcomed the valedictorian to the stage. An Asian girl walked up to the podium.
“Today is a day to truly remember…” she began. The rest was uneventful. She closed it off with a quote that she was ‘reminded’ of (ten to one she only discovered it while writing her speech). My ass hurt. I wiggled around to try to get comfortable. They started calling people up, one by one.
“Jessica Abbot,” the speaker announced through the PA system. A girl stood up and walked across the stage, shook a few hands, and received her degree.
“Paul Adams.”
Each one took thirty seconds or so. We were in for a long haul. I adjusted my ass again.
Harry was one of the first to walk across the stage (Harriet Baker). Ray was next (Raymond Corrison), followed by Nancy (Nancy Fessier). We were almost a half hour in. I was starting to get a hangover.
“Steven Greenberg.”
The Greenberg clan erupted into cheers as Steven walked across the stage. He shook a few hands and grabbed his degree with a smile. A fake smile. He wasn’t enjoying himself. He was rolling his eyes without actually doing it. He thought it a load of crap, no doubt. He walked back to his seat and sat down. What a waste of time.
Heather leaned over to me, “This is painful,” she whispered. I nodded my head, rolled my eyes, and stuck out my tongue. “I could think of so many better things we could be doing right now,” she said, smirking and nudging my arm. 
“Julien Larsson.”
I clapped and turned my attention back to Heather. She was bored. She leaned over and rested her head on my shoulder. 
“Paula McCollum.”
I leaned my head against hers.
“Peter Maxwell.”
She reached over and put her hand on top of mine. We both tuned out for a while and rested. It felt nice to be wanted.
“Sean O’Connor.”
Justin looked at me, confused. I had forgotten to fill out my unattendance form. I laughed a little. I saw Steven laughing too. The speaker said my name again.
“Sean O’Connor.”
No one moved and Heather let out a huge snorting laugh that rippled through the silence, causing Justin to also laugh quite loudly and the two of them, together, drew the attention of most people in the auditorium. The speaker hurried things along, whether he realized what had happened or not, I don’t know. He spewed through ten or twenty more names as Heather and I sat there, eyes closed, heads resting upon each other, her hand clasping mine. Justin was losing it too. He sunk down into his chair, leaned his head against my arm, and closed his eyes. 
“Julia Stuart.”
I opened my eyes and saw Julia walking across the stage. She was smiling. It looked real. She seemed genuinely happy. I felt anxious again. She shook all the hands and grabbed her degree. She turned and waved to someone in the audience. Heather took her hand off mine, reached over, and ran it slowly up my thigh until it was resting squarely on my cock. I began to get hard. Justin pretended not to notice.
“Charles Thompson.”

