Nervous Teeth Drink All The Poison

Short Fiction by
Marc Horne






Copyright © 2011, Marc Horne
Smashwords Edition
CONTENTS
8 OZON
THE UNIFIED THREE YEAR PRODUCT TRAJECTORY
THE LAST YEAR OF MOVIES
L.A. IN PIECES
LHC
IN THE SHAKESPEARE
SHIBAMATA, TOKYO
GEORGE LUCAS EPISODE ZERO SET DIARY
SHRÖDINGER’S INCEPTION
LE SANDWICH PARFAIT DE LENNY ET VANESSA (A LOVE STORY)
THERE IS A BETTER WORLD FEATURING TERENCE TRENT D’ARBY
MORRISSEY UNDER PRESSURE: A SCIENCE FICTION ADVENTURE
WHAT IS AUTASSASSINOPHILIA?
KEANU REAVES AND THE GHOST OF AKIRA, THE QUARTER BILLION DOLLAR BOY
DR WHO AND THE SEXY OF THE DALEKS
EL WU-TANG CLAN ENCUENTRA LA BRUJA DE BROOKLYN
MONKEY IS NOT ENOUGH
I REMEMBER YOU NASTY
THE NATURE OF THINGS
R.A.D.
a- The Magnificent Inheritance
b – The Geometry of the Bongo
c – Gardening as rot
d - What it means to be a doctor is to love
e– Under the telescope
NERVOUS TEETH DRINK ALL THE POISON
NOVELS BY MARC HORNE
(SEE HTTP://ZIZEKPRESS.COM FOR DETAILS)




Note:
A number of these stories appropriate fictional characters and celebrities to achieve their goals. Needless to say, these are fictionalized versions of the celebrities in question and are used as parody. No resemblance to any real person either intentional or otherwise is implied.
I made it all up.


8 Ozon
So, if I worked for Lawnmowers Monthly, I would not be going to Venice. But the little machine that I write about… she is called The Camera. And she is magical. So I am going to Venice. 
Mireille is still asleep, down in the blue. Good. I don’t want to talk. What are you going to say? Some shit about socks, yeah?
I am flying on EasyJet from Charles de Gaulle. So that means you can’t even relax and enjoy your coffee. Because I am outside the little cattle pen where you rush for your seat. But then again all the seats are pretty shitty. There are likely to be no more than 5 attractive women on the flight, so unless you are one of the first ten guys on the plane, then so what. Ok, the cappuccino is good now. The Arab girl who made it for me is looking at me strangely, though.
“No, I’m not Tom Cruise,” I say to her and she laughs. I didn’t notice that she is young and cute before. Now I do. God, my ego is weak. She’s probably a hag with a face like a camel’s ass but I literally can’t see it because she laughed at my joke. I am hoping that the Film Festa will have some adventures so I can kid myself I am still young for another 3 or 4 months. Then I can start looking forward to Cannes.
I am hoisted practically into space. Above me is the unblinking blue eye of god. Below me the source of all meaning. Naturally, I sleep and when I wake I read about biscuits and how much they cost.
I split a speedboat taxi with a guy called René who takes photos for us quite often. He doesn’t care that we are in a place where people wear suits or harlequin costumes: he is going to dress like it is Indochina anyway. And he is going to sweat like it is Indochina. We come round into the Grand Canal and his sweat has me convinced that it is the Mekong Delta. He has so much metal hardware hanging from his khaki vest that part of me wants to push him in the water and have some fun. Ten years ago I would have done it. Now I wonder where all those urges are going. They don’t just fade away. I kind of feel them being put in a pocket in my soul. My soul has as many pockets as that fucking vest.
I turn on the fan in my hotel room. My habit since childhood. If there is a fan in a hotel, I turn it on. Then I watch it. But it is cold outside and huge black clouds are gathering over the Lido. I read an email from my boss. He really wants me to write something about the new François Ozon film, because it has Deneuve, Depardieu and Luchini in it. So make sure I see it, make sure I have a good chat with Ozon.
Ozon! Merde! Espèce de pédé.
I have nothing against gays… nothing. But this guy. I can never forget how carelessly he handled the breasts of Ludivine Sagnier in Swimming Pool. It was like watching a butcher throwing around livers. That’s how he sees them.
And of course, he pulls the old ambiguous ending. How much was fantasy, how much reality, oooooh? Look, when it is all filmed like that I hope it is neither fantasy, nor reality. I need some third thing. Banality.
And what was that one… 8 Femmes. Why 8? What the fuck is 8. And that whole film: like a fucking drag party at his house and he happened to have his iPhone camera running.
But hey. I work for a camera magazine. He has a camera. I’ll write about his fucking camera. The boss is obviously in love with him so whatever. He better be at a good party.
I get dressed sharp. I look good, like a wolf. Then I put on my hipster glasses. Well, they are not too hipster: a touch 50s Sartre. The wolf is in his cage. René is waiting for me in the lobby. He pretends it is chance but I know he has been waiting because he is so poised. “Oh, Stéphane!” he says, in the manner of Cary Grant.
We walk by beautiful canals. It’s raining. What else can I say? I need a cigarette, how about that. But this wind steals that joy from me. My tie flaps in René’s direction. He says “Are you going to go nuts tonight, my old friend?” I look back at him. “Unless tonight’s champagne is piss – literally yellow fizzy piss from a urethra – then I don’t understand your question.”
We get to a palace. I never knew that Elton John had built a palace in the Middle Ages in Venice. He is so versatile. 
I start drinking with Romain Duris. He gets my fucking testosterone going, despite his lispy voice. He is mad for it. He is only making three films a year now, he says. The two crap ones and he is trying to make sure that he makes one good one. He will grow his hair to fit that one good one and the way it looks will be the way it looks in those other trashy films and they can suck it if he is in the navy with an Afro.
I lose ¼ of my mind and it is only 8pm. I sit down on a staircase made from swans and read a text message. “Got back from you know where. Making dinner. Call me tomorrow.”
A couple of years after we got married, when cocaine was suddenly in fashion, I rudely told Mireille that I never – ever – wanted to hear anything about gynecologists. So I get these messages now, all the time recently, with a big hole in the middle. Or she comes in the house and turns on the TV and I have to talk about work or something. If she has cancer, I’ll need to wait before it metastasizes before I hear about it.
I could talk to her now. But, I am old. Nearly old. I think it would be easier to build a time machine and go back to fix this.
I see Bernardo Bertolucci and I wonder if he will ever make a good film again. From the way he is walking, he’ll never make a film again. He looks like they cut something out of his pelvis, under the illusion that he could live without it.
So then I am face to face with Ozon. Of course, I am holding an almost empty champagne bottle.
“Monsieur O-Zen,” I say, “You are always so serene.”
He gives me the Buddha smile. I know I am not the drunkest man in the room, so why is he giving me shit. Wait, is he not drinking. I bet that it is it.
“So tell, me about Potiche please, maestro.”
“Well it’s the 70s. It’s about labels. About the way we present ourselves. About society and her tight constraints. A comedy. The bourgeois. Based on the play.”
And what happens next I am not sure. It’s like I am a Manchurian Candidate and he has said my key phrase. I think maybe there is a part of my brain that has heard these words so many times, it’s like dead grass. Thoughts walk across the grass, but it’s already flat, you know.”
Here are a few things that do stay in my memory from our conversation.
I tell him that yes, she is an old old woman and almost dead, but she is not dead yet and she is Catherine Deneuve so why would you dress her like that. She doesn’t look like a woman. She doesn’t look like a man, though. So neither of us are happy.
I say something about Depardieu. I ask why a young man like him would be content to let take that old dog for a walk around the park that he has pissed in so long that they are going to name it The Park of the Piss of Gerard Depardieu if He Was a Dog. When he dies.
He says something to me about how much he loves my camera magazine. I tell him that he should start filming in digital because his scripts smell like word processor.
And I remember him fondly taking me by the arm and leading me into the screening room.
I wake up in the front row with vomit down my shirt and credits going up. That I am not the only one… this comforts me a little. I clap of course.
Outside the rain is like the end of the world. Venice is in the sky. I find a mad gondolier and give him 120 Euros to take me home. The rain is coming down in fists. The canals have craters that we roll around.  ‘Fantasy and reality are all presented on a single plane,’ as the maestro said. 
The press kit is rolled up in my pocket. So I can write my review from that plus some trivialities that will sweat out of my memories in the morning. The canal is so close to eating us. If my wife dies before these fuckers… before me…  
The Unified Three Year Product Trajectory
I don’t do what I do for the view. And at the end of the day not even for the cash, although I do have plans. I do what I do, because He was a simple carpenter, plying his trade for 15 years. Building things. That’s the secret message of the scripture, if you ask me.
But that is a nice view. No snow, except high on the mountains of course. Would be a nice day to take the bike out. But it’s an even nicer day to be here at Qteqk, building things. 
--
I kind of ‘turn up’ at a meeting. That turns some heads. I fill up my water glass and say ‘Hi’ to everyone and find a window ledge to perch on. Meg will introduce me in a second. I take a quick sniff of the room. Some old dogs here, and some young scrubs who worked their way up from tech support. Meg lets them finish up their current spat: something minor about which protocol to support. It’s clear they have no framework to settle these debates. And that Meg knows that, but she is in too deep, too long in the manure.
She’s smart, though. Perhaps a little ruthless. Borderline deceptive if this goes on much longer with her not telling everyone the new sheriff is not only in town…he’s in the goshdarn room!
--
Meetings going okay. Lots of listening. Then letting them know I am listening. Eventually I get the question, the frustrated demand that I lay my cards on the table and say what I am going to do, what changes I am going to make.
“We are going to take the same brains we have now. We are going to take the same tech we have now. Here’s what we’ll do different. We’ll imagine there was no yesterday. We’ll imagine that all that matters is who wants to buy from us tomorrow. Because frankly, that is true. There is no yesterday. The people of yesterday are gone…I can’t sell to them.”
--
I bring in Yvonne Carpenter. Yvonne and I go back a ways. Back at IBM, we ran a pretty tight unit. She’s 20 years younger than me, but if I may say so, she had a good mentor!
I take her for a tour so she can shake hands with everyone.
“They’ve never had a Senior Project Clarification Officer here before, Yvonne. It’s shaking things up you just being here. But I got your back, you know that.”
Yvonne chats away for a little bit. I let her talk and run off her nerves. Once she gets past those nerves, she’ll be ready for the big time. That’s my goal for her: get her to a level of ‘cool’ where she doesn’t seem such a girl anymore. Ha… maybe she’ll stop wearing those crazy short skirts then!
--
I meet the German guy. He is possessed with –dare I say it – demonic energy. He got off the ‘plane an hour ago and I can practically see his trail of destruction as I head to our meeting. Cubicles with people typing way too hard. Corridor meetings with flickering suspicious glances all around. Gupta tearing up his MS Project that he keeps next to the picture of his lovely young wife.
Bernhard and I go at it, in a fashion. I explain that the tech group does good work, but that over here in head office we have been sending confusing and outdated market signals. That changes now. 
He explains what ‘marketing’ is to me. I keep an even stare on his face. Red hair. Very primitive looking sometimes…on certain skull types. I used to surf. Sometime the swell rises to a point you can’t believe. You look down on this foaming screaming mess and you have to stay calm. You got up here, and you will surely go back down again. So yell away, Bernhard.
But then Meg comes in the room. From her perspective I am sitting placidly while the little German guy rips me a new one. She looks over at me with a hint of uncertainty. Then he looks at her like he would like to literally eat her. She shivers, I think.
--
New hire, not hired by me but reporting to me. A bit strange, but there you go. I take him out for lunch. With a beer, why not. Bending the rules a little bit, I suppose.
He agrees that the burgers are good here. Oh, come on! They are the best.
He won’t commit to an answer on that.
--
It’s a hard couple of weeks forging my product plan. The New guy, Keith, is an excellent Subject Matter Expert. I lock the three of us: Keith, Yvonne, and I in my office for three hard days. We have a vision.
I only have one doubt. Someone corners Keith and breaks him: asks him to define our goals. Maybe even in good faith: they just want him to inspire them. He couldn’t do it, could he?
They could get me through him. Not that it is about me. But by me I mean the Unified 3-year Product Trajectory.
--
“Got a book for you, Keith.”
He thanks me. Even calls me boss, which he didn’t have to do. I see that he is a bit wary when he reads the subtitle of the book.
“Don’t worry! It’s not a religious text! It’s a book I learned a lot from. Look at it this way. Even if you were an atheist – and I don’t know if you are. But as you know I am a lay minster in training. But I ‘get’ atheists, probably more than they do in some ways. But anyway even if you were an atheist…maybe MORESO if you were…you have to admit that one little Jewish guy in Galilee set up one hell of an organization.” 
I walk him through part of the book that I want him to get. Not about Jesus. I don’t give a hoot about Keith’s faith (which he is really quiet about now, in my opinion.) It’s about Authority.
“Jesus had no power. I have no power. Sure I can – y’know FIRE you [ha!]. But how does that get you to work better, harder, follow the vision? That’s coercion, and it never gets more than the minimum grudging compliance. I don’t want compliance. I want enthusiasm – to be filled with the spirit.
“How do I get that? How do You get that from those around you whose souls we need in our camp? You do it by serving. That’s what the title is about. The greatest leader is the greatest servant.”
I slap him on his muscular back and I leave him to soak that up a little. Betsy is waiting on me at home. She hasn’t been getting much ‘love’ lately!
--
I bring something good up from the cellar. After dinner we walk and look at the mountains, holding hands. We talk a little bit about our ministry. Only three years to go!
She asks me if I will miss business. Flights to weird places. Putting out fires. Measurable success.
“Sure, I say. But to everything there is a season.”
--
Someone laughed at me during a meeting today
--
Someone closed their email real fast when I came in their cube. I just wanted to talk about the Chiefs game. He’s the Chiefs fan, not me. Frankly I couldn’t really give a hoot.
--
Meg flies out to Germany tomorrow. Really it should be me, but then again I am kind of buried. She trusts me to run the shop.
--
“Because you see the big picture. That’s important. You don’t just come in and start cleaning everybody’s shoes. The shoe-shine guy is not the CEO. You have to show your knowledge of the big picture and your absolute desire to serve. Only then do you become The Authority. It’s a double meaning see.
“You can trust me on this because I have been doing it for 20 years and as you can see it is working fine for me.
“I don’t do this for the view, but you can see right here that not a lot of people have a view like this.”
We watch a big front of snow coming in for a while.
Why is he so scared? I need to find the fear in him.
Yvonne come in the room. He lightens up a little. She’s more his age: that makes sense.
This is good. We have the core of a tight team here. I just need to get the other guys on board. I have fifteen direct reports now. And we are a long way from a first major victory. This is the dangerous time. A hungry time.
--
I have a nickname now. Not one I care for. “Chief Shoeshine Officer.” But at least I have a friend who forwarded that to me.
--
Meg is not supportive.
She is tired. I think she does prescription drugs. She is so thin and frail that she is hard to look at.
She tells me all about how powerful Bernhard is and how it is best to just follow along with him until we get that first big win under her belt.
I’m straight with her: we will never get that big win if we do things the Bernhard way.
She is okay if he drags us down. Then we strike while he is weak.
I don’t think she understands strength and weakness.
“I didn’t come here to fail, Meg. Not at this level. Bernhard will kill us if we follow your plan.”
She looks out the window. Windows are very dangerous things.
--
“Just a quick drink.”
Soon we are both drunk. Well, that’s what I think anyway! Seems that way. I crack a joke about how we almost went in that bar with the rainbow cowboy neon sign thing.
“So. How are we doing? What about this goddamn German, huh?”
I can’t get inside this guy’s head. He won’t say a single thing out of turn.
“Did you read the book?”
He did. He says he thinks it is pretty cool. He thinks it is very interesting,
“Eternal life is very interesting,” I let him know. “A flower in eternal life is greater than a galaxy here in dream life.”
--
I wake up and I remember saying that.
I can’t get out of bed that day.
Betsy makes the call.
--
Engineers are working on things I never heard of. Sales people got PowerPoints from heaven in their email. 
This is a significant challenge to me. I call my capos in: Yvonne and Keith.
“Look,” I say. “Bernhard has blown it. The board want order. Not this chaos. You don’t tolerate Germans and all of their bullcrap to get chaos. You want order. That’s why you have a German. And do you know why you have your Americans?”
They are quiet.
But Yvonne knows. I give her a wink.
“DREAMS!”
--
I have started the process. A meeting will happen where Bernhard’s ideas will meet my ideas. Meg okayed it. Yvonne and Keith are putting together some magical stuff. Magical. I go in the team room with Y&K and I just kind of let it happen. I give them the freedom. The trust. They know I am going to be behind them 100%. They just have to dream it. Bernhard and his team of…Eurocrats… they are just puppets. Machines.
I bring the guys donuts and coffee. Yvonne is massaging Keith’s shoulders and his eyes are closed. They are both wearing similar shirts. Very silky, sort of clingy. Her eyes are not closed. She is looking down at him. Very attentive.
“Easy, guys!” 
--
“You know what we should do. All of us. The whole team.”
I don’t really wait to let them guess. I am lousy at waiting.
“Whitewater rafting!”
They laugh but then I jump on the desk and I act it out: beating the waves down, shouting out orders to the left and the right.
We make it home. Beautiful hot red valley takes us home slow.
They dig it!
--
I visit Meg in hospital.
She asks me not to tell anyone.
“There’s nothing to tell, Meg. They all know you. The real you.”
She laughs a kind of dry laugh. Dry like fiberglass.
She says that Bernhard has worn her down.
I say that he is nothing. He’s old news. We have the plan and the team.
She says that he has broken her heart and burned up her body. 
She says that.
She really says that.
But she promises that things will be okay. The board finally found a CEO. He is coming in a few weeks time. He is coming to judge the good ideas and the bad. She believes in my ideas.
--
I guess I fell asleep in that chair in the hospital. I wake up and they are sponging her down. I leave. It’s hard to tell what her body is made of anymore. 
--
Betsy is not happy.
“She needed someone. What would the Lord have done?”
She tells me she doesn’t care about that. But she has a bad feeling. Like I should never have left IBM. 
Frankly, I roar at her. She looks scared like she hasn’t for years: since I was a young dumb kid. Lord, what did she see in me then, practically godless: no more than an ape?
Thank you Lord.
--
I raid the cellar again and again. Soon I am calling it ZE BUNKER! I am doing Hitler salutes in the kitchen and shouting SIEG HEIL! SIEG HEIL!
I ‘make’ her drink. Although how do you make someone drink. I don’t pour it down her neck.
You can’t make anyone do anything.
Even Jesus can’t do that. That’s what this whole fucking 4000 year mess is all about.
Sorry.
--
All my troops are in the room.
Bernhard has done his preso. It was very backward looking, and I let him know it.
“Keith, our deck please.”
Keith has the flash drive. The PowerPoint opens.
In a few simple phrases we define the market, the channels and the only gap…a product we could easily make if we stopped doing Bernhard’s nonsense.
Bernhard says I am living in a dream. He starts throwing deep tech words around. He starts talking about how my product is made of unicorn tears.
I let him talk. But then I remember how he embarrassed me before. I have to shut him down.
“Bernhard. You had your chance. You took this company nowhere. Your role now is to execute. The vision is set here. We will give you everything you need to execute well. But please… for Lord’s sake… stop thinking.”
I have won.
Then he looks at Meg. It is like he has a remote control in his pants. Meg says…
You know I can’t remember what she says. I just remember how everyone looks at me as they leave the room and I stack papers. Papers so thin you can see through them.
Bernhard invites us all out for a drink.
It’s not even a mind-game. He only fights for the fight. No malice, no goal. He does not want power: it simply is him.
What to do?
Lord. What to do?
--
“Betsy, I have one advantage. Territory. When the new CEO arrives he is going to want to throw all of these ideas out the door anyway. All I need to do is show the CEO that I command Headquarters. Meg is a ghost. All I need to do is get the guys behind me. Just have a really tight team of my direct reports that can execute fast.”
I can’t wait until rafting season. I rent a lodge in the mountains. Time for the off-site.
Betsy comes in my room during the night. I ask her for a massage but she says her hands are hurting. So I try to massage her but she says she doesn’t want that. She just wants to hug.
The hug is sucking energy from me. I break away.
Betsy understands. But does she?
She is not invited to the offsite.
--
I plant hints all week for my big team.
It is going to be awesome.
This is where the new Qteqk is born.
And fun! I have so much meat to take up. My brother in law is a butcher.
--
I pick up Yvonne. She squeezes in next to Keith.
“I have driven through worse than this!” I say.
But that is an absolute lie. It is so white and so silent on those mountain roads that I have absolutely no idea how I could tell if we died.
--
No-one else makes it.
Keith hopes no one had an accident.
“Oh really?” I say, sarcastically. Yvonne looks p.o.-ed.
--
The lodge is frozen up. We grab blankets and sleeping  bags and head back to the meeting room, where there is heat. We put down sleeping bags and play movies through the overhead projector.
I have enough meat for an army. We get a little fire going and cook it. Slowly. We are all sweating. Yvonne keeps bringing us drinks.
“We can do this,” I say.
I never figured out Yvonne’s ethnicity. So I ask her.
She says she is white but funny looking. 
“Keith can we do this?” I ask.
Keith is sprawled on the floor. He says that in all honesty he thinks we are screwed. And that he has burned a lot of bridges.
“So you think I am on my way out?”
Keith says that he does. But I sense sadness in him.
“Keith and Yvonne, you both make 120 thousand dollars. I can make that 150 with my little BlackBerry right here. No need for approvals. Can’t be reversed.”
I have their attention.
“And I will do that for you. If you prove…that I had your loyalty and I have your loyalty now. You have to show me that I have your loyalty.”
They look at each other.
“Show me something.”
--
And now I am watching them.
They are going so slow.
He’s just crushing her into nothing. And she is looking at the fire. 
And she clenches her mouth and I look down and... well of course she is clenching her mouth. 
Of course she is. 
But she should look at that. 
If that is going to happen, she should look at it. 
--
I have my hand coiled in a rope of sausages.
--
The door opens suddenly.
A man walks in. Olive skinned. Long haired. Bearded. Untouched by the snow. Glowing. Gleaming. He sees us. He sees what we are doing. I see the wounds in his hands.
With the sausages’ wet meat I shield myself and I kneel before him and I say “Let me serve you, master let me serve you.”
--
Before coming to Qteqk, he ran a spaghetti company.
On the way to the mountains, he blew out a tire and had to change it in a blizzard.
--
There will be no ministry. 
Betsy does not come back to our home. 
At the end of the day it was just work stress, alcohol abuse and a little kinky trip. Not worth killing yourself for.
I sell half of our past. It gets me a small amount of future.
At no point can I see a decision that I made that was all about me.
So I don’t think about forgiveness.
The Last Year of Movies 
America. At one time, great films accidentally leaked from the great machine. Until the leak was noted, contained, industrialized. And then one day they found Quentin Tarantino fucking some little tube round the back of the machine that was still moist. And then they sealed that up too.
So, I don't think I am going to be able to pull some miracle off for my new assignment. No second Cahier du Cinéma.
The great editor called me in his office. He got straight to the point. His first point, that I was a destructive shit who was unaware that the developed world was almost out of money and that vomiting champagne on models’ toes was no longer titillating decadence: it was tantamount to lying on our backs with our arms splayed wide and waiting for the Chinese to bayonet us from groin to gullet.
Then we started drinking.
I was looking at the paintings on his walls. They did not resemble him, or oppose him or intersect with him in anyway. Smudgy things at right angles to him. Then I remembered he was screwing his office assistant for a long time. She was in her forties but a hell of a machine. Now she was smeared all over the walls. She moved to the countryside a couple of years ago, suddenly passionate for cows.
"Chef, why no photographs or film posters in here?"
"They do not pay me to look at walls, Stéphane. Nor I you. I pay you to drink with me, fuck around with cameras and gently cover movies.
"And so I am sending you to America."
And suddenly he is sweating. Because he is not an emotional man. And whatever lies he is going to use now are lies around an emotional topic.
And then I remember Mireille playing piano in our apartment. Never delicate, each note as big as the apartment. Our old apartment. Our apartment is parted. Part is an empty box, part is a big pile of crap that her parents have taken. Part is my books, my cameras that René insisted on looking after for me. The final part is my suitcase. As for the people, they no longer remain.
"America."
"Yes. I can't trust you around sensitive French artists. You have become too... I don't know. Too rock and roll. So I need you in America, to expose the heart of American filmmaking."
The drinking has brought the night too early and too close. The buildings burn bronze below.
“I should visit a spreadsheet if you want me to go to the heart of American moviemaking.”
-
So...LA.
I do t have too much to add to the corpus of opinion on the subject, except to add that the only type of person who could ever live here is the kind of person who genuinely believes he is never going to die.
I have meetings.
-
“Yes, I am a little offended.”
I walk around his office looking for signs of eccentricity. A small fully functional sex-doll made of toilet roll cores or something in that genre.
Instead,  I find an office so simple, plain and tasteless that it is a pose or not his real office. Perhaps in a Gondrian conceit it’s all made of papier maché or can be cleverly reassembled into a messy, artistic mechanism.
He puckers his bulldog-like face a little. I can imagine him having a tolerance to alcohol of a very low level, like a Japanese. And so I might be swirling molecules all around his room that taunt him. Or maybe he’s just irritated, but I don’t think so. The twitch is too weak to fight me and too queer to melt my heart.
“What… because I ‘Frenched’ my way past your P.A. even though you said no? C’mon, M. Gondry! Camera Magazine is the perfect magazine for your work. It’s all about light going in boxes then out. That’s Gondrian, I say. No?”
He sits down and starts tapping a little pen. Some anonymous Bic…not a cheap but immaculately crafted thing from Shibuya.
I look at him hard…suspecting an imposter, a mask.  His face is rubbery, that’s true. But that tells me nothing. Gondry is a rubbery little guy. So I’ll just write up my suspicions, set the scene and let my readers decide which way they want it to be.
“So…The Green Hornet…”
“Yes, I was fascinated by this project. On one hand he is a figure that has been existing in the U.S. for…oh…many years. Since before we were born.
“But on the other, he has made little trace. And I think it is his name, y’know. It is slightly wrong, slightly miscalculated. It has no alchemy. It is like a cracked vase that can hold no meaning.”
I nod. He’s right. But still making his pitch? You made the movie already man! Let’s talk movies!
“Ok, mec, I like it. So then you made the movie. Is it ‘awesome?’ Will it ‘kick ass?’”
Gondry wriggles in his chair. I make a mental note to say “ass” a few times more this afternoon and if he wriggles consistently this will be a major theme of my article.
“The script was constructed to…have those effects, yes. I kept the humor and the action. And I have added mainly a system where there is a new kind of fighting. They don’t fight to kill –not in the traditional way – they fight to steal each other’s time.
“And since time in the world of the Green Hornet…the world this guy is going into…time expresses itself as action and jumping and moving so when one guy beats another guy’s…face in, there is not blood but instead there is a time fluid that passes between them. One speeds up, the other slows down.”
“So…no one dies.”
“It’s impossible to tell. Time stops. Possibly this is true in our real life.”
“So you have…this is…time stops…”
“Exponentially decreases. So actually never stops.”
“But even if it was agony Mr. Gondry? Even if it was agony it would just become infinite while everyone was contenting themselves that you were at rest while they drank and didn’t even keep their neckties fastened?
“I removed agony to maintain comedy. I put shame in instead.”
I pause.
“And you don’t drink?” I ask.
He shakes his head.
“Only a little with my mother sometimes.”
-
The Green Hornet (dir. Michel Gondry)
A playful caper that sadly will not explode the Superhero-movie boom. Gondry delivers his most sublimated work to date, and reveals that perhaps it is best that he has moved on to his Hollywood period. Watchable.
-
John Cusack is surprisingly old. He dips crackers in his soup in the big deli in Santa Monica.  He does it like a homeless man would do it…with a lust for life that fades every time one breaks and then rekindles because there is something inside this person which indefatigably prevents them from becoming a corpse. 
I join him at the table and he doesn’t read. Doesn’t try and charm me. His typographic eyebrows look on me and his metallic eyeballs flick up and down from his shitty-looking soup to my face.
“So. Le Camera de Magazine! Slummin’ it at the coal face. Come to write about our decadent old biz, eh?”
I smile weakly.
“I liked High Fidelity, I think,”
The weak smile. This is a new thing I am trying over here. It drives these fuckers crazy, like when you sleep in a hotel room with a slightly broken fridge and it almost wakes you up all night long.
“So…you are an accomplished film-maker in your own right: was it your conception that your cop be ‘grizzled’?”
“The Goddamn French, man! OK, order yourself a coffee to bitch about and then we’ll talk about hookers, serial killers and the like. Yeah and the hookers too, that was me."
I get the impression he is happy to talk like this. He wants me to drag him in the mud, content that this will only appear off in France somewhere. Like a celebrity doing a commercial for tiger balls in china.
"So do you consider this film...Important in some way?"
He pauses and looks over his shoulder. The wood panels of our booth hide most of what we are doing, but I am guessing there is a certain skill - a certain way you can tilt your head so you can spy on your neighbors.
"What...like...to the world?"
A lot of emphasis on the last world. He's going on the offensive against me now.
"In any way. Important to your career. Important to Hollywood. Important to the New Zealand competition winner guy who is directing it. Important to hookers. I am leaving this completely open to you."
He pauses - ice cold. Then the OMG half laugh. Then the conspiratorial lean in. It’s surreal talking to these Hollywood actors. The French guys... you can tell when they are acting, because outside of the movie there are basically only two ways that French actors address the press and so you say - ok this is the press voice. OK, then also they have their drunken lecherous personas which click in eventually but by that point I am drunk too, so it is academic.
But the Americans. Is this the Gross Pointe Blank character with me now? Or is this the real Cusack. I don't know. It’s unprofessional. It is too intimate.
"You haven't even seen this film but you think you can come over here, reeking of Cointreau and tell me how I should be living my life or something? I mean couldn't you be giving Daniel Auteuil the third degree now. That fucking gay farce thing that I came THIS close to having to do the remake of."
I suggest we go and get a drink. He suggests a dive bar full of Mexicans. He thinks it is a challenge to me to get real. He is showing his authenticity. But to be truly authentic we would be having this discussion in front of English speakers who give a shit about the Cusack oeuvre.
-
"…but it’s his own fucking daughter man. So he changes his detachment. It's like.... It’s like a metaphor for Guantanamo bay. He's all by the book, despite the sheer depravity of what he is facing. But then it touches him.  And he is reduced to savagery...savagery with a badge."
I face the depravity of this awful Dos Equis Mexican beer. Two guys in heavy plaid shirts are talking about some woman and their tongues are like eels. One guy is talking about what he did and the other is laughing and laughing. They both look like they have erections.
"Okay you talked me into it. You had to make this movie. And in the process, we have a new drinking game. You name a movie and I have to say why it is like 9-11. Ghostbusters is like 9-11 because by locking up the ghosts  - which are Palestinians - we unleash massive destruction on NYC. "
He's looking at his watch. Who has a watch these days? Fucking Cusack.
"Hey," I ask, "what happens in Ghostbusters 2?"
The bigger Mexican guy punches the smaller one in the throat.  
 -
The Factory (Dir. Some guy from New Zealand FACT CHECK REQD.)
A grizzled cop tracks down a serial killer, who eventually targets the cop’s own family. Cusack summons emotion from unimaginable places to act in this film which supplied employment to many hard-working Americans.
-
I drive back from Santa Monica to Downtown where my hotel foolishly exists. The weather has collapsed. It is grey metal now, and looks horribly, horribly more real. Like a smooth IMAX dome onto which paradise had been projected. In HD.
And so it turns out that all it took was clouds to move us from heaven to the world left behind by God. God’s coke can. God’s cigarette end. Concrete like Chernobyl. Palm trees like you see at a newsworthy volcano. After a week of this, the rich would be gone. The left-behind hungry machinists and fumigators would drink from their pools, find sexual uses for their sculpture LIVE AS THEY BELIEVE THE RICH MUST LIVE including driving off a Malibu cliff alongside their battered wife, full of any drink with foil on the bottle, masturbating themselves with a vibrating blackberry.
How's my driving? You are trundling forward admirably.
What was I doing? Also trundling forward admirably. My grief, my grief that was so physical that my skin and hair were peeling off, proved to me definitively that I was a primate, an animal, and that my thoughts were just the sweat of the brain doing its real work: finding bananas, trapping ants for protein and entertainment, clinging to another ape long after the mating ended just because the extent of my senses had gone too far and I was capable of understanding what the night meant.
Bad weather, this. And how dangerous the good weather was.
-
“happythankyoumoreplease”
I am going to actually see this movie. A leggy young woman with American hair – pre-George-Bush, endless possibility hair - walks very fast down this red-carpet-red red-carpeted corridor. She hugs her clipboard with all the joy that fills her just by being ‘in’ Hollywood.
"Well - well you know - it was a big hit at Sundance 2010 and all we did...all that the director wanted to do, was just tighten up some of the conflicts and punch up some of the characters and maybe make a movie that would play a little stronger outside New York."
I catch up with her at the screening room, a beige transition. I’m breathless, speechless, worthless. The screening room looks like a pit to me. I haven't seen a movie since my wife died. But it is just a movie I am going to watch with this long blonde girl who would be delighted by me, the French guy at the top of the hill, not yet rolling down it. Haunted but still able to move around and be sardonic with her similar friends. So similar, that I could screw around on this girl and have total plausible deniability. ‘Look, we had a few beers, I was like why are we going to this strange apartment but whatever and then I apparently fucked Trudi but, you know, it was your decision to go to he same stylist as her.
So then we sit down and she checks something off on her clipboard and makes a little gesture and the lights dim. Her fingers are long and they love these gestures
The film happens. New Yorkers fall in and out of love and wonder why and, like, where are they going and, like, is it already too late for them even though they are young and gifted? Was it too late for the, the moment they were born?
It ends and I feel like I had a script read into my brain. But he did achieve a few good images and maybe he managed to be closer to Woody Allen than to Friends so I look over at the longing eyes of the blonde and I give her a tired thumbs up that would set them roaring back at the café and which gives her the first hint of an orgasm.
I ask her if she is seeing anybody.
I want to ask her a drink and I know she w ill say yes and I don't want to get her into trouble so that is why I am asking if she is seeing anybody.
She says no and I don't even try and figure out what kind of no it is.  So, out for the drink: I talk about everything in my life which is not about my dead wife and the moments we shared together. There is much to talk about, it turns out. Too, too much.
I am not sure what time people go to fuck in this town. I ask a guy in the men’s room and he looks at me in horror. I have just spawned an anecdote, and perhaps even permanently added to the reputation of the French people.
So I decide midnight, and at that time seduce her and we go home and I enjoy her youth and the physical and mental flexibility that comes with it.
"So what is the difference between French cinema and American cinema, then?"
"Well there are some similarities. In both countries, too many movies are made. In our defense, most of our unnecessary movies have at least the merit of being about humans talking to each other and not about robots destroying each other. But I think the biggest difference is this: French directors can make a good movie accidentally almost. They get their money from Canal Plus and they go away and find a guy with a typewriter who has been sitting and watching the Seine everyday to put some words down. And then they shoot, and the actors are truly top class, even the good looking ones. I think there is a government limit on how many actors there can be, to make sure they each get to make their five movies a year so the talent is really deep. Et voila!
"You know how it is here.? A guy like Aronofsky, a real talent. He has to fight and fight and fight to keep making good movies! Like they think they can trap him and tame him and get him to make some perfectly Great shit movie for them. He sweats years away fighting off bad movies coming from a focus group of retarded incestuous chimps. Then one day he slips up. They tease him with an Oscar nomination, he strikes back with a Natalie Portman lesbian scene. He has played right into their hands. Next thing you know he is bringing his own unique vision of THE WOLVERINE!"
She looks over at me. Her apartment is perfectly lit to make her radiant in bed. Perhaps intentionally so. She knows light guys, after all.
"But what about like...editing styles and mise en scène?"
Her longing...for something better, in me - and in the world - reminds me too much of Mireille and I am planning how to get out of here now. Cheating on her in death is harder than it was in life.
“Americans can't do endings,” I offer her.
-
happythankyoumoreplease (dir. Josh Radnor)
First-time director and writer uses the millions of dollars he raised to chat to the world for a couple of hours about his life in NYC. We all need, from time to time, to top up our mental model of NYC and this film will serve that purpose well. Attractive female leads.
-
That looks normal. That looks like someone you don’t have to worry about, or immediately search for.
Send.
I’m done with L.A.  I decide to head to Mexico. To the borderland. Call it a vacation, shall we, so that I can do it.
Mexico.
I refuse to accept that bodies hanging from freeway bridges mean that I shouldn’t go there. Although…these are decapitated bodies. Logically, therefore, they are hung by the ankles. So, when I get to San Diego I shall simply cancel my reservation for a convertible.
First, get out of here. I decide to walk to the train station. It’s only a couple of miles. But a lot of it, I’m walking high in the air over frozen red freeways. Too high, and time is too slow. Looks like a God-mode, like a Gondry gimmick. Like L.A. stops trying when she sees you are leaving. Freezes a megaton-of-gasoline river and waits for the young, rosy-cheeked, unstoppable German backpackers to come.
Well let them come and then turn the clockworks back on. And let the algorithms and the banks and the channels and the templates and the reflexes that twitch…that hold on…that remember…that were once human…that still think they are human… let them make movies.
And let the movies make lights.
And let two people – whose touching hands are enough – watch the lights and laugh. And later one will sneer. He’ll sneer more and more as the years pass and for no deep reason. Just the sneer of the man who didn’t win the lottery but he HAD A TICKET! LISTEN EVERYONE, HE HAD A TICKET!
Then perhaps the same movie, perhaps the same hands but one stiff with bones now. Giving more love than…than…anything that ever came from the sky.
The hospital.
And then after, the home.
The lights. Because the words had failed before, would fail again and anyway, they hurt.
So new year bring your movies. 
Fill the boxes.

 
L.A. in pieces


Downtown Los Angeles
An Ethiopian girl at the bar with a black tear tattooed beneath her eye. 
A Japanese business man outside in squid ink blue, upright like anger. 
A Mexican VHS shop, plastic wrap glossy with Jesus of Nazareth as number one box office draw. 
A plastic bag on its back, different only from a dead cockroach by its vast size. 
And all the homeless have wheels. 
Nightwalk DTLA
UNION STATION
An indoor umbrella goes up and down to catch the memories of leaks.

A blind woman scowls on behalf of her cane, skittering on Italian marble.

Bulletproof men film a chubby white dork pretending to be a terrorist.

The thing the cockroach gave up on two days ago.

One minute in Union Station, Los Angeles
The Forbidden Dance
They are pushing and shaking the old caddy, made of angles ‘cause it’s from the old days.
They are Arabs or Mexicans. I am not a racist. It’s dark and there is loud music coming from that hotel that men live in.
They are shaking the car and I see a man inside, who is not moving.
The mix of anger and joy in the three more-Mexican guys and one more-Arab woman’s face is found mainly in riots. The stillness of the man in the car is that of the policeman who took the wrong turn on the night of the uprising.
He’s actually a head.
Because it is very loud, and I am in a light-based reality, he is just a head.
It’s the head of Harry Dean Stanton. Pickled. Then mummified. Then put in the trash because that didn’t work. But then they found they had no other heads. “What? Do you idiots even know how hard it was to get the head of Harry Stanton?” So then they go and find it and frankly it hasn’t got better. They bring it back. It ends up in this car.
If all this talk of Harry Dean Stanton has thrown you – perhaps you don’t know the actor in question – just imagine instead a regular man who for his whole life was told that smoking cigarettes was food and who found out the truth about an hour ago.
But he is just a head now. And around his brow, and looped at the base of his neck, are LED Christmas lights of many colors. In fact not Christmas: Fiesta. If I had to guess, and I think I do, I would say he festooned them himself. They do not generate the intense white light that holds his face. I can’t locate the source of that miracle.
I get closer and a new sound comes to the front. I think it is coming from the car, like a novelty horn. It is a digital arrangement. But it is still the lambada. The forbidden dance.
I almost knock over their child, who is 2 feet tall and with a towel tied around her head and who suddenly jumped out. I don’t touch her. I touch no one. The whole little puzzle goes behind my head, where it belongs.
Wet Look

In your wet look leggings
You don’t look wet
But you remind me of
The housing project
By the tracks
Where steel crucifixes stand
Out back
Free of laundry,
Graffiti,
People,
And everything
But geometry
Girls and Dogs

While the Mexican girls walk the dogs
The old folks get a break from happiness
The Cherry Picker

On your blue cherry picker
if you blow up building 7
you'll knock down many palm trees
and your silver helmet will spin like a coin
Ballad of an L.A. Mensroom

The shakeoff 
at the next urinal
has a rubbery squeak 
WHAT IS HAPPENING?

Police tape
on the sink





LHC
He first became concerned while watching the TV news late one night and hearing about baby black holes. Just hearing that expression on TV was a problem for him. He couldn’t figure it out exactly at first: holes with babies in? Babies with holes in them. Oh, baby versions of those black hole things in space.
Well maybe that was cute. Like those Sea Monkeys he got when he was a young boy. Except they weren't cute, were they? They were smelly little stains that he was never sure were either dead or alive.
And now he was learning more and more about these babies. He had to get to bed soon, because tomorrow was work and work meant that he had to be alive and talkative for the first few minutes before he went and looked at barometers for the rest of the day. He had tried to do away with those first few minutes but he found that what happened then was that people would suddenly pop into your cube and they would see what you were doing and look at your doodles and say, “You are very artistic.” So instead you had to spend a few minutes laughing and chatting and looking at the ladies.
But, that said, this was interesting news. They had built a steel donut bigger than Paris that slopped between two countries. AND THIS WAS THE FIRST HE HAD HEARD OF IT. And when they fired enough energy into it to light up [big place] for [significant amounts of time] there was a chance that these various sloppy, tripe-like theories about the universe might be proved and then we would know what everything was made of. POTENTIAL DOWNSIDE: Baby black holes spawned in Switzerland, end of world.
God. Did that make him feel more or less like going to bed? Unclear.
Next day, after waking on the couch which was just embarrassing – his own couch! – he surfed the ‘net. No, first he did his 100 sit-ups that he had done everyday since he was on the school cross-country team. Then he looked down at his skinny, steel-hard body. Then the 'net.
It just got worse, you know. There were these things called strangelets. There was a chance that a single strangelet could turn the whole world into a big glowing ball of strangelets. It wasn’t stated explicitly, but he assumed that would mean everyone was dead (because glowing.)
He went to work and counted the things that he could see that could kill him and stopped when it got past 1000. But he was still not happy about the Large Hadron Collider. If he died from that taxi mounting the curb… well, he was ready for that. He had spent years thinking about that. About the things they would say about him at work: both the nice, sweet things of the first week or so and then the cruel things that would grow to dominate.
And so, he was ready. That death was the one he was expecting. And the fact that he would live on in the coffee room, in the filing system he had innovated, in some of his witty jokes about anti-cyclones: this sustained him.
Global annihilation was ruining his afterglow afterlife.
He sat down and wrote a letter to the director at CERN. Since they were Swiss, he wrote it in his finest hand and mailed it.
He received a form letter reply two weeks later. What were those two weeks like? They were like a punch in the balls from a toddler. Fucking awful but you weren’t supposed to make a big deal out of it.
Opening up a big bag of Monster Munch and a can of cider he read the letter. After a minute or two he took a deep breath and looked dizzy. He put the letter down. 
It had all started so well. Detailed descriptions of urban myths vs. hard Swiss safety precautions. The exciting joy of knowledge. Then the cruel crack in the face of the cuckoo clock. “I can assure you that I and my team have taken every precaution to assure the smooth functioning of the large hardon collider.”
The Large. HARDON. Collider.
There was no chance they would survive.
Only one thing consoled him: the thing Gary at work had told him. “No way would they be talking all about this thing if there was any way anyone could stop ‘em. They probably turned the bloody thing on a week ago.”
That was probably true. But sadly Gary had gone on to note that due to relativistic space-time distortions it was certainly possible that they were already sliding down the maw of the black hole waiting for gravity quakes to fuck them to pieces and infinitely suck them into long, living wires making pain songs side by side.
Either Gary or Stu.
In the Shakespeare
This place deserves its reputation as the asshole of England just for what it has done to my shoes. A man should be able to wear suede footwear without fear anywhere in the OECD group of nations. Look at these things. What is that stuff? I look at my right foot and I expect to see a sea bird trapped and staring up at me.
I may be straight-edge, but I think it is time for a pint in one of them there English  pubs.
I’m in. There’s a yellow vacuum in here [light can pass through a vacuum.] Here in The Shakespeare they have removed the smoke with some kind of law and it still hurts. I am being Sherlock Holmes and saying that the law passed recently. When you pull someone’s stool away and they don’t see, there is a microsecond where they are sitting on the softest best stool they can even imagine. These guys are still in the air; their mouths are still puckered in expectation of cigarette treats.
But the pub is perfect. I don’t ever have to go in another one again. That dartboard, the Victorian eczema wallpaper, the queue of froth-scummy pint glasses waiting to be born again, the cancer-ward phlegm hubbub. The ‘tart.’
My brain is my notebook. So I can keep looking up and around and left and right. So I think despite my expensive retro spectacles, and my fancy-boy satchel and my “Wilma Deering” t-shirt I will not die here, in this foreign place. El Yanqui will live another day.
You know maybe she is not a tart. Maybe not professionally. Almost all of the women in here are in leopard skin tube tops. Correction: one is in zebra. 
“What are you buying me then, pet?” says this woman in a lizard skin face mask. If only that were true. That is not a mask. 
I have only been here for a day but I can now only smell alcohol and dog shit. Her breath smells of alcohol. She has the bones of a good looking young woman, buried. Her eyes are glassy and remind me of a drag queen defying anyone to make a comment, to scatter the illusion.
“You can have any pink drink you want, ma’am.” I reply. I try not to be too vague when dealing with lunatics or drunks. I like to keep reality on rails.
She orders a Flamingo Slammer. “Right on,” I say and I order one too. I feel something happen when I order it. If 40 eyebrows raise as one and 20 pint glasses are put down on their little paper mats… then that just about makes a noise a human can hear and a flicker he can pick up on. This is not magic. No magic is required in this world.
The flamingo arrives and the lady laughs as we drink them. I tell her I am a film-maker and that I need to make a movie about a place people don’t care about and I heard about this place. What happened was that someone lent me a copy of a book called the ‘Away Fans Guide to Britain’. It tells you where to eat and drink as you follow your football team about the country. The entry for this city was just two words: ‘Not Recommended’.
“I found that awesome,” I say. I don’t know if she is getting all this.
“Are you… American?” she asks and I say yes with an unexpected pride.
“What the hell are you doing here?” she asks.
Sometimes, I get the impression time is going backwards. That would make sense.
Karaoke begins. The lights dim. Two hags leap on a couch and start wailing
SIMPLY THE BEST. BETTER THAN ALL THE REST. BETTER THAN ANYONE.
As I walk to the pisser, everyone is singing it now except the skinheads by the pool table. Drugs, bad attitudes, shame. Something like that keeps them quiet.
The pisser turns into the shitter. I haven’t eaten much since I got here but apparently the million little mouths on my skin have been busy saving me from this chemical sky. They have been gobbling away and have filled me with a black sludge that flows out as slow as the big river full of ironic rainbows that lodged this city in one specific geographic spot and prevented it from being just a general malaise common to all humans. 
I may have found my place. My ‘arsehole’. The place where people can experiment with humans via stories. This town.
Now I must get the fuck out of here and do all future contact via the internet.
I come out of the men’s room into a beautiful breeze. All of the windows are gone, and most of the crowd are lying down outside. If they have blood on their faces, they are on their back. If they have blood on their hands they are on their bellies with handcuffs applied to them and bobbies – those lovely bobbies – taking little kicks at them. The kicks are very professional, but even at work you can have a bit of fun, right?
Women are lamenting in the street. I walk out and through and no one notices me slip below the dark steel bridge with the masterful rivets. Although it is pretty clear to me that I am the cause of that riot, I am sure that if we thought about it long enough we could pin it on Dame Maggie Thatcher or the Potato Famine and I at least have a good heart, great fashion sense and a lot of things on my agenda so I head back to the bus station, buy a big bloody bag of crisps and literally watch the minutes pass by on a barely digital clock until I am driven safely away.
Shibamata, Tokyo
There’s a boxing match at the temple. Three rings are set up in the courtyard and it is full of people. Half of them watch the wiry guys hammering each other. The other half just enjoy the night full of noise and drums: a taste of the New Year, maybe. The fish in the pond dive deep.
There’s a tent half way between the two stations, not far from the river. It’s a short bike ride if you want to go. It’s shaped like a portable puppet theater, but bigger. Still has the stripes. Only men go in it. I hear there is a vending machine inside. My imagination fills it with wonderful deranged things. I won’t go in the tent.
There is a book shop with spiral book cases. When you get to the middle the old book-keeper is waiting for you. You just bow, I guess.
There’s a hairdresser who washes her street better than anyone else. Her technique seems the same, but her results are better. The lady at the ramen shop mentions this and she’s quite proud, I think.
There’s a Lotus repair shop. Not for repairing the oriental flowers but the British sports cars. There is no one happier than those guys with their perms and their boilersuits with Union Jacks on. They have a hot happiness when they rev the engines and a cold happiness as they ceremonially hand the perfected car over to the millionaire who comes to pick it up and drive it slowly away.
There’s a ferryman who takes you across the Edo for 100 yen and talks your ear off. He does not care about poetry.
There’s the beer machine that defies the law and stays on past 11 o’clock. When you cycle up to it - with its miniature red eye blinking its recklessness at you - you have a sacred trust. You must defend the night drinkers of the neighborhood by not noisily dropping a can as a copper goes by.
There’s a spring in the step of the old people who get off the tour bus. They’ve been watching the old movies and comics about this place. Time can be tricked at the level even of the sinews when you are here.
It’s quiet, except briefly at five when the bells ring to pull the children home. Or when the fireworks fill the sky. Or the yam man does the rounds with his sad song. Or at other times when poetry briefly needs to make a noise.
George Lucas Episode Zero Set Diary
The feeling was good on the set today. All of my technicians were super pumped, majorly stoked. I arrived in the small green box to see the actor being loaded into the Emotional Gearing Device [EGD] ready for shooting. Keira Knightley has really grown as an actress and as a beautiful woman and as a trooper since we worked together a decade ago. In her diaphanous gown, she looked remarkable hanging face down 8.3 feet above the ground with thin but powerful manacles around her waist and arms linked to the robotic limbs and with the camera-invisible plastic face mask clamped on tight.
I got the feeling she wanted to throw me a thumbs up so I gestured thumbs up to the right arm guy, he pushed the thumbs up button and voila, nanoseconds later a perfect thumbs up from the arm of Ms. Knightley. And Reggie, my guy, he even threw in a smile. He’s worked with me for fifteen years so he knew that was okay.
There are a number of misconceptions about the EGD. This is not about me thinking I know better than my actors, okay? This is me doing what directors do which is bring actors to their very best. The issue is this: CGI is fast improving, but no matter how lifelike we make a Jar Jar Binks, there’s always a noticeable difference in motility and expressiveness between the human and the artificial actors. In some scenes it’s as noticeable as the matte effects in the laserdisc edition of the Battle of Yavin (!)
We struggled and struggled to make it up but in the end we said, “scrogg it, there has to be another way.”
I was playing with an old Chevy when it came to me. The issue was resolution mismatch. And if there was a limit to how high we could take the emotional resolution of the CGI actors the solution was simple. Down-Rez the emotions of the human actors.
I’d subconsciously been doing it before, of course, when I cast Natalie Portman as the lynchpin of the first prequel trilogy. But I needed to do it in a systematic and programmable manner.
My guys came up with a beaut. Silent pistons, tiny pneumatic face pumps, even a way of slowing the actors heart rate and blood pressure down to a point where their essential humanity stands alone.
People are going to love this.
—-
People always said to me, Kid, when are you going to do a movie for adults. And they had a point I do concede. I really had the children in mind when I made the first prequel trilogy. That was why I included things like the massacre of the younglings so that children could feel more personally involved with the Genocide of the Jedi. Steve did something similar with Schindler’s.
So this time I felt I owed it not only to myself but to my adult followers to touch on more adult themes that I had touched upon in my earlier work. That’s why the centerpiece, both emotionally and technically in Episode 0 is the impregnation of Schmi Skywalker by the midichlorian infection.
Now you see why I HAD to get Keira. What other young actress of her generation could pull off a scene where the majority of the action takes place in her womb?
Even with the assistance of the EGD the answer is ‘none.’
—
Shooting was going well. KK is a Brit so she works like a brickie, swears like a soldier and takes a drip feed like a dream. She was hanging while we programmed in the moment where the unbearable itching begins when I got a call coming in from Steve. I knew that he was working on those Tintin movies with Peter Jackson, so I assumed he was having problems and needed my advice so I picked up.
I was surprised that instead he was just chatting about the weather, Francis’ new red wine, how great Dame Helen Mirren was etc.
“He’s screwed up bad, hasn’t he? Well don’t worry, I can take a break from this. I can be out there tomorrow. He can keep a credit, I know he did his best. Let’s get the old team back together.”
Here followed what I think a lot of people would call an awkward silence. I’ve never understood that phrase: silence is the natural state of the universe. It’s noise that’s awkward.
He told me things were going great with Jackson. He went on and on about that. Steve never knows when to stop. Have you see A.I.?
“Okay I get it, look I have Keira Knightley hanging from my ceiling. Pass on my best wishes to Peter and tell him he did a great job shrinking those people down to hobbits because no, no one had ever thought of doing that before. No, we all just struggled with our terrible, terrible scary dwarves and midgets.”
I went back out. Keira’s gown was wet with sweat but she still smiled. That was a bug.
“KK. I have an idea for a different direction. Cut her down.”
That night I called my top midget, Sir Kenny Baker.
“Kenny. You ever play a germ?”
Shrödinger’s Inception
I’m on Schrödinger’s plane, over the Pacific. I’m locked in a box in an unobserved state with a dangerous element and when I arrive – in L.A. - I will find out if I am alive or dead. Looking at the low-down clouds, I wonder why it is that Schrödinger’s work is one of the few pieces of modern Quantum physics that artists have latched onto. Perhaps it is because of the cat that usually is trapped in this state: lonely creative types in sad little apartments, not even smelling the cat litter anymore, dreaming of other worlds and the possibility that, despite all appearances to the contrary… they are not dead.
I flip through the movie selection on the screen in the little pod I rest in. The pod is great but it only makes me surprised that I can’t watch any movie in the history of mankind. Why just this selection? Why would you have Caddyshack 2, for example, and NOT Caddyshack ‘1’?
I go with Total Recall, although I know that I will be asleep before the end of it. Quaid goes to Mars. That gross mutant guy is talking to him. It gets to the end. It’s dark on this plane. I look around me. Why was I just dreaming about a plane? My mates are looking at me funny “Watch the bloody film!” they say. Arnie’s on the top of the mountain now, with the woman who is less attractive than Sharon Stone karate kicking you in aerobic wear, but not bad. I feel the closure of a long narrative arc surrounding us, warming my narrative gonads. Then woah… what is this, it’s fading out. NO… not a last minute plot fuck! I don’t want to leave the top of the Martian mountain like this. This is as close as I will ever get to the top of that Martian mountain and I don’t want you to take it away from me.
Oh thank you. It was just a tease. They are Really On Mars. Then it ends. But I am immune to the sudden black shutter. I don’t freak out. I have my closure now. I don’t mind being back in the crummy seats with my mates who also have crumbs all over them.
Except my mates never turned up did they? But they were here? Well that was years ago, when we used to go to the cinema all the time and thereby, although we didn’t know it at the time, sort of dodged becoming glueys and then going to jail.
I leave the movie theater, as I now call it after years living with Americans and having Japanese businessmen insist that I teach them real US English. I pass through the lobby of the Odeon, and I note with some regret that my life is now so full of hot dogs that the smell of the pink, rolling tubes is no longer as exciting to me as Sinbad’s greatest adventure. I go outside and look at my watch. 30 minutes before the lads turn up. I could either sniff glue or get a pint.
I think about Begbie throwing that pint glass over his shoulder. Maybe it was a bad idea to go and watch Trainspotting before my first night back in the old town. I know that I used to know how to not get bottled, but I have spent three years where the greatest risk was someone with a shoe fetish stealing your footwear from the rack and having away with it. Or a tremendous earthquake pulverizing you, I suppose. The movie is stuck all over me as I inch my way to that triangular pub on the corner. It is sticking out in the dark, not in the pit of light in the middle of The Town. I think that makes it safer. I’m thinking about whether it has a pool table with big heavy pool cues around it. I am inside now and I see that it does. Big heavy pointy clubs, racked like a knight’s armory. But I also see a goth girl drinking a cider and a young man in a wooly jumper. Looks like this place turned into a student pub. We have a university now, I remember. I go to the lavvie. It is smeared with shit everywhere, because of that waxy paper that is for making brownies on really, I think, and there was a natural but regrettable mix-up when every pub in England ordered a boatload of it.
I look down in the bowl. I really got that movie stuck on me.
I reach for some nice soft toilet paper. Not that waxy stuff like at school. Why was I thinking about that? I have heard that at secondary school I will have my head stuck down the toilet. I think just once, but I should ask people. Just once might be okay.
Downstairs they have started the film, but Dad is messing with the tracking. The wire on the remote control is not quite long enough so he needs to lean forward to do it. He is holding the controller with two hands: it will not bite him.
We watch Blade Runner. Not since Star Trek the Motion Picture have I felt like this, like I am drifting out of my body. I am in this weird Blade Runner city and I can taste the stuff he is eating at that food stand. Where is this? Is this what America is like? I might ask Dad if this is what Tokyo is like… when the film ends.
Did this film come from the future? No of course it didn’t. Time goes one way.
Woah! He just shot that woman, and she is all naked in plastic and there is white cream coming out of her. And the tracking is really bad and the city has rain going sideways as well as up and down. Just down, I mean.
As she wriggles, I look out of the corner of my eye at my parents. They look anxiously at each other. Are they about to have a VHS mishap? They have been quite careful about it. I am still unsure how it is that I saw so much of Don’t Look Back at our Auntie’s house. I feel like I really did watch it by twisting backwards. Did they just make us face the other way? Unlikely.
The music goes on. The scene changes. Flying cars are uncontroversial. The music. Is it Hans Zimmer?
Hans Zimmer! Hans Zimmer! We’re laughing about Hans Zimmer’s name because a lad at school is obsessed with films and noticed it after we went to see Die Hard the second time. I imagine Hans Zimmer as a dour man with a moustache as heavy as a walrus, skulking around Austria wishing everything would blow up.
Years later, the Internet arrives and I find out I am close enough. Close enough.
There is no way that I could have known about Hans Zimmer when I was watching Blade Runner!!! Or Johnny Marr, who is now on my mind. Johnny Marr. Plays. Guitar.
It’s a dream. Or something like a dream. My mind is in multiple times at once.
I look up at the peculiar, half-present beard on Leonardo DiCaprio’s chin. Enormous, of course. His head, for most of us, is an enormous thing that looms over us.
I am in California… but I did not get here on that plane. I came the other way, I think. But That doesn’t matter. Times are overlapping. Hologramming. The cinema seats are the same dandruffed red. The smell is still half-animal, half-chemical. I am watching a scene in Inception where someone is questioning DiCaprio about whether everything is really as he thinks. Is it really plausible that he - his character - is so important that armed men chase him in the streets? They are asking him about his wife… my mind is trapped in a déjà-vu loop. In horror, I wonder if I have killed my wife. No… I haven’t… they say his name Dom Cobb. An obscene name that you just can’t easily say: it makes your lips move like a plunger working a u-bend. It’s a bullshit name that you make up for some other reason… like it’s an anagram. Like Andrew Laeddis! Like in Shutter Island!
The time loop flops apart. This is not Shutter Island, which I accidentally watched last week… the interference pattern collapses and I am just watching Inception not that other is-it-all-real-oh-my-dead-wife Leonardo DiCaprio film that I am done with. This is Dom Cobb. This is Inception. In a shitty cinema that could never show 3d, I am watching in 4d and floating through my own life as I ride the porcelain light of Christopher Nolan.
The movie is over. I don’t leave, because I am crying a bit. Probably because he got his kids again and the movie didn’t rip that away from me, just teased that there might be one more dream. Of course, if they had ripped it away from me, then he would have got his wife and his kids back, I realize as I walk away. And I wonder if it is okay to have a genuine emotional reaction to a $200m entertainment product.
Then I reflect that – for me – it is a $6 entertainment product and I am okay with it. I come out and find my car among palm trees and my wife and I drive away along a pale Pacific.
Le Sandwich Parfait de Lenny et Vanessa (a love story)
-The key is to put a couple of balls in first so you don’t face disappointment at the bottom.
Lenny said that to Vanessa in Paris in 1992 and he was right. He is half Jewish after all.
And she was his protégée.
-Then I think the quality of the pickles is important. And they can’t be too chilled or else they kind of get into conflict with the heat of the falafels, see.
She did not imagine she would remember it nearly twenty years later.
-The tahini for me, is more important than the falafel. I think I have a sesame allergy. So if I get enough of it my heart starts racing like…shit, like auto erotic asphyxiation or something.
And then he laughed big enough to bring the house down.
That last thing he’d said was close enough to French that she was able to figure it out and it made her giggly freckle.
And now, she had just picked up a couple of things for her daughter before heading back to the country. And she walked past their place. And remembered. And now it was painted on the wall: “Recommended by Lenny Kravitz!!!” And the queue was enormous.
So many Asian tourists.
It was just a takeout place back in 1992. On their way out, the owner took their photo. Lenny was wearing a skintight fishnet tank top. He said it didn’t get stained if he dripped hot sauce on it.
She was wearing basically the same outsized floppy hat then as she was wearing today.
After the photo was taken, they walked on tireless legs through the city, laughing at each others’ language and taking any opportunity to touch each others’ faces.
As the sun set and they hid from the watchman in the Luxembourg Garden, Lenny held her seriously by the cheeks and looked right into her. “Life,” he said, “must be constructed in the same way as a perfect falafel sandwich.”
And now, she stopped and peeked her head in through the window. It was all foreigners and no one would recognize her. And if they did then she would just wave and walk.
On the walls, many pictures of Lenny. Aging in each frame. Alone in each frame. Holding the same sandwich in each frame.
There was no reason their world should not have lasted forever.
Except…
Rock and Roll.
She left the Rue des Rosiers.
She left the Marais.
She left Paris.
She left 1992.
She returned to the countryside, hoping Lenny had taken his own advice.

There is a Better World featuring Terence Trent D’Arby
In the late 80s there was a man. A black daredevil with dreads. Prince, Muhammad Ali and Sam Cooke rolled into one package.
His sexy appearance on a tv show called the Tube aroused a nation. He came through the tube to give us gravel voiced sexy days.
His alchemy was wrong. Unlike Kravitz who took from Lennon, Hendrix and Marley WHOM EVERYBODY IN THE WHOLE WORLD LIKES. The Ali ego stokes the Prince genius incites the Cooke appetite for destruction.
This is his story. The story of Terence Trent D’Arby
—
I woke up last night, not in a cold sweat but in a stone groove. The acetate of Terence Trent D’Arby’s Neither Fish Nor Flesh was still spinning on my turntable. It was making a most frilly buzzing.
My silk sheets slipped off my aching muscles as I got out of bed and walked across my concrete floor to the Technics deck and almost lifted the needle.
I looked up at London, looking at me. We were both naked in front of each other. The sun was about to come up and the lady of the Thames looked nervous and unready for humanity. Her lights were half on.
Come on, London. You can do it. You got TTD on your side.
London saved my life. I paused and did not lift that needle. And then I heard the child’s voice within the trippy buzz.
Back in New Orleans I had attended a voodoo funeral. The band hit a high note that never ended. I don’t mean it seemed like it never ended. I mean what I said. The coffin went in the tomb and the brass band lowered their horns but the note hung in the air. And there was a soft voice in it, the essence of that sad girl who used to sell me bangles and never complain that I never wore them.
People who knew voodoo nodded and left but I was a young soldier on leave and all I knew about Voodoo was pins in dolls. I stayed by the tomb for hours listening to that voice, sure I heard snatches of songs I would write one day. But when I finally walked away, mad with thirst, the notes were snatched away. ‘You have to work for it, honey child.’
The acetate was singing at me now. I pulled my hair back and put my face close to the needle.
Diamonds are voodoo. Only diamonds are hard enough and multifaceted enough to hear other worlds. I heard a legend that some free men would sneak in the slave camps of Sierra Leone just to live their lives hammering at the diamond faces and surrounding themselves in other, kinder worlds.
The needle hummed at me.
It told me everything I needed to do to make my album a great success. It showed me the world where my face was known by all and my voice flourished and found the exact marriage of gospel and junk I had been looking for. I saw an amazing concert in the forbidden city where each terra-cotta soldier had been replaced or -dare I imagine- recarved in my own image.
I lay on a couch with a woman who I adored, looking out over our island. She resembled me intensely. She had no navel.
The sound carried the images, like a cassette carries a computer game.
There was not much I had to do to achieve these goals. Remove a couple of tracks. Don’t ship at Christmas. Study humility. Change the title.
Tiny things.
Things I didn’t really care about.
Until the voodoo told me not to do them.
“Voodoo voices are for dead men,” I sang in a slave chant style again and again, then I kicked the Technics on the floor, got back on my futon and spent the night in silk dreaming of a complete life with the voodoo bangle girl.

Morrissey Under Pressure: A Science Fiction adventure
 “5 kilobars and holding.”
“Beware the bends, Captain!”
“Roger that, minimen!”
The Morrissey rose from the ocean floor encrusted in the gross plastic bag creatures that were probably impressive a billion years ago before the giraffe was invented.
The skinny warbler piloted his battle armor skillfully, the high albedo of its greying temples baffling laser scanners, its thick belly armor catching sonar like pillows catch kittens. Only a head this thick and a neck and back this rigid could bring Captain Morrissey back from the ocean depths where he had been rescuing a colony of volcano worms.
He carefully brushed off the condom creatures before they got in a habitat that was too gentle for them.
Suddenly light was visible.
“Jesse! More power to lower body.”
“Yes sir!”
Inside the suit a man the size of a baked bean slide down a tube and gunned the rear engines causing the two pseudo buttocks to swell momentarily before shooting Morrissey a hundred feet into the air above the isle of Capri.
All of the world’s greatest blondes looked up at him. They thought he was a magical porpoise. And – in a way – wasn’t he?
He landed back at the lab. He smiled at the stubby rigid quiff atop his helmet and he (and the helmet) smiled. In a few seconds he would take the helmet off and his buoyant, timeless, lush pompadour would uncoil. Inside the suit his skinny neck was getting stiff.
“C’mon Boz, let’s get this thing off”, he called, apparently to his empty villa but actually to a pinto bean sized man inside his armor.
“What do you mean critical systems failure?”
Morrissey stood on his balcony clawing at the helmet of the flesh suit. He couldn’t get it off! He couldn’t get it off. A cybernetic punch trashed old marble and sent it down on some parrots.
“I’m sorry! I’m so very sorry!” he called out as they flew to the horizon, but there was no way he was going to make it up to those parrots.
On his knees, to which he had to drop ridiculously slowly, he mumbled, ‘I did it all for the animals!’
Six months later, still in the suit. The minimen had starved to death and he had smelled them rotting in their tubes. Without them, even moving around was hard. Doing anything more demanding than looking at old pictures of him and Johnny Marr was like climbing a mountain. Thankfully he had Maria to feed the cats.
“Maria, me mostra una foto del signor Johnny, su Google per piacere,” he asked in a voice buried under a failing sound system.
She shook her head but he insisted from the piggy little eye cameras beneath the exobrow.
God. So beautiful. So skinny. Like he himself was inside this damn supersuit.
Another month later and Maria was gone. She took the cats, ‘for their safety.’
One night, with a perfect sunset, he knew it was time for suicide. But he knew the damn suit wouldn’t let him destroy his body.
Only one option was left, only one suicide. He called his agent.
 
What is Autassassinophilia?
Autassassinophilia is a kind of kinky reaction to getting murdered by someone. Or probably to the thought of getting murdered. There isn’t enough data on how much of a turn on really getting killed is.
Autassassinophilia is a symptom of over expansion. Of our vocabulary. Our imaginations. Our boredom.
Autassassinophilia can strike at any time. Here are the warning signs:
You watch a movie where someone has a gun shoved in his mouth and you rewind to watch it again (More than once. Once is considered acceptable )
You walk at night by industrial rivers or back and forth through piss dyed tunnels wearing top designer labels and with a huge crocodile skin wallet peeking out, but the labels are all fake and the only thing in the wallet is a little card that says, “screw you, my man.”
You spend a lot of time in Tijuana, asking for directions to where the real action is at.
You systematically remove your existence from the Internet. You buy a coffee table gun. You have only one friend at a time. You tell him, “I have no other friends. No one ever calls me. I have no traces on the Internet. You can come over and visit me in my soundproofed apartment anytime. There is a backdoor on the alley.
“Oh, I bought you a luchador mask in Tijuana. Here it is.”
If you have one or more of these symptoms, don’t worry. Stay fit, eat your vegetables, and close your eyes. You will not die with untroubled loins.
Keanu Reaves and the Ghost of Akira, the quarter billion dollar boy
I’m not sure whether I learned to act or if the rest of the world learned how to watch me. I put on a tape of me in Johnny Mnemonic and then quickly switched over to The Matrix. I couldn’t see much difference really. My suit fits better in The Matrix.
This might be the difference.

I tap out a cigarette in an ashtray. The old me would have put it in a can of Mountain Dew.
I am accumulating evidence on things that have changed about Keanu Reeves. CGI has advanced a lot, so I do a lot of my acting without people around now. That might be a factor.
I am not going to make that Akira movie. I make that clear to my agent. I accidentally do a move from Johnny Mnemonic where I act like I am shaking an invisible steering wheel in front of him and my voice gets louder way too rapidly.
But he doesn’t seem to notice. Evidence is accumulating that nothing has changed.
I take my Afghan for a walk on the beach. It’s a kind of dog. I guess that is one thing that has changed: it is now possible that a man in America could take someone from Afghanistan out on a leash.
Possible in the fields of easy imagination, anywhere. The place where movies are made. Or marketed at least.

Anyway, Archie and I are kicking up some sand together. Archie makes me smile. That’s important. I don’t MIND the Sad Keanu meme exactly, but it gets in the way of my project. I am looking at movie me, real me, ‘then’ me and ‘now’ me. Don’t throw ‘meme’ me in there too.
Who’s a good boy Archie!
I run into that producer.
Firstly, I tell him, Neo New York is just crazy. Crazy like white Akira.
But you are part Asian, Keanu! he says.
And I am part teenager, I say, so I am perfect for the role. And I am part cartoon.
What’s eating you Keanu? What’s this really all about Keanu? Why can’t I get you in my live action remake of Otomo’s anime classic.
I point to the ocean. A huge black bubble the size of Santa Monica appears.
His mouth quivers and his hair blows back and he says “ga ah!!!!!”
That is the ghost of a quarter billion dollars, I tell him. If I touch your quarter billion dollar movie, I will cease to exist and I will never know if I have changed.

A tidal wave comes and engulfs us. I swim in it. I end up on the boulevard by the vegan place. No dog, Mr Keanu, they say, until I remind them that there is egg in their mock chicken. 

I order one of their mock chicken sandwiches as I endure the wet dog smell and I guess Archie endures the even worse ‘wet human’ smell.
Which came first: the Mock Chicken or the egg?
Today I have taken a step towards the truth. But who knows what tomorrow may hold?

Dr Who and the Sexy of the Daleks
Dr Who waited around the metal corner in the metal corridor on the metal planet.
His nose twitched, anticipating a caper.
His little round glasses glinted some bright light.
A tall dimpled column that tapered to a rounded dome came down the corridor.
Was it a robot?
No. It was a little car. Like the ones disabled people drive.
Inside was the most disabled person you can imagine.
The pepperpot passed.
Out jumped Dr. Who! His velvet jacket and little cape made the noise of a cat sleeping.
He grappled with the gleaming, hard, warty column, wrapping his long, old-man legs around it.
“+++EJACULATE! EJACULATE!+++,” said the column, or something like that.
The domed head flashed menacingly. The smooth, frictionless-looking metal sticks that could kill you twitched about. But Dr Who was coming in from behind.
Soon he had screwed the top off and had his hand in up to the elbows in a dark hole.
Inside was the little disabled man.
He had no skeleton and he was green.
He was the shape of a jellyfish’s handbag.
He had one eye.
Dr Who’s fist went in and in and in.
The little man had a tiny little willy. He was a DALEK.
Dr Who reached underneath the DALEK.
No one had ever done that before.
The DALEK popped when Dr Who pulled him out.
He didn’t die though. His DALEK blood juice poured on Dr Who as Dr Who held him over his head.
Dr Who threw him in a trashcan. He still didn’t die.
Dr Who said “Now I am going to get in this thing!”
Who was he talking to?
WHO INDEED!!!


El Wu-Tang Clan encuentra la bruja de Brooklyn
1 am – February 11 1993, Brooklyn. Nine young men in the snow, but not even feeling it. Thick puffy parkas plus hype juice running in their bloodstreams. Warm cassettes in their pockets.
One of them is the leader, but maybe he is more like the hunter. He is hunting a shelter and he has a nose for it and he leads them into “Don Rodriguez Salsa Bar”
Inside it is warm and almost empty except for a guy who is smelling his drink and a hobo in the corner. But from behind the bar, Don Rodriguez beckons them in. He doesn’t care that they are black, he’s happy to see them so they shrug their shoulders and come in. The one who brought them here gets on the dance floor alone for a second, doing a fake bullfight to the Cuban music.
Rodriguez brings beer and a bottle of tequila.
“My treat. You look like you boys got something to celebrate.”
“Ain’t that the muthafuckin’ truth,” replies the tall bearded guy with the raspy voice and crazy teeth caps. “Rodriguez you is all right. You’s down with the Clan, knowmsayin’? You at the birth of the mothafuckin’ revolution and you ain’t even packing, but you good, you good, man.”
“Ain’t no muthafucka gonna dance with a brother?” comes the raucous yell from the dance floor.
Frankly they are all too tired. They know he is running on some chemical bonus, but for them, after 12 straight hours doing the final mixdown, the warm red leather in their cubicle is as inescapable as the black hole at the heart of the milky way.
+ + +
“Yo, Don Rodriguez. Yo, where my killa tape at, ‘s’ta’God. Okay, I got it. Yo, Don Rodriguez, you wanna hear the next chapter in the saga of hip-hop? You ready for the 36 chambers, my man? You ain’t never wanna hear no goddamned trumpet music and shit no more after you experience this joint, for reals.”
Don shrugs his shoulders and warmly smiles.
“Sure. You boys made this? I’ll put it on.”
“Well, hell, Don Rodriguez! Much respect, my man, But hey is you regular clientele gonna be down with this? This is some hardcore street shit. This is original hip-hop, knowmsayin’, god?”
Rodriguez laughs. He remembers when he had a real clientele: when Creole bands from Havana filled the floor with notes of every color and the dancing only ended when a knife-fight broke out. Even that was like a dance. Sometimes the fights were so fast that the band was still playing when the first blood drops fell on the floor.
“Senor, my clientele is a deaf man and a bruja… a witch. So I think we can play your tape!”
The music started. The movie sample was crystal clear. Was it too long? Some of them thought so. But not the RZA. He didn’t have a moment of doubt. There wasn’t a single beat out of place. This would be an album where even the skits got quoted. He knew that in his heart of hearts: the 37th chamber.
Even ODB was quiet as the tape played. The only noise was the clinking of bottle necks when a dope verse dropped.
Then it was done.
Don Rodriguez clapped ferociously.
“Fantastico, boys. Really really great.”
“Alright, we closing this motherfucker down! More drinks, per favor señor Don!” said the GZA and the clan knew it was true. They had done it.
***
At 3 am the hobo in the corner came over to their table. She unraveled from the corner like a ball of paper that missed the trash can.
She had a beautiful face but wallpapered with leather. She had shit in her hair that she put there carefully and shit that blew in by chance. It was hard to tell the difference.
She had rings from all ages of mankind. She had a tattoo but it was so grimy that it had rorschached.
She smelt like a flower no one had ever smelled before. She smelled like sugar.
“I will tell you your future,” she said in the ear of the thoughtful one with the arched eyebrows and his hood still up after two warm hours in the bar.
“I make my own future, ma’am. Ain’t nothing you can tell me that I ain’t already synthesized.”
“You are the RZA, is that right.”
He did pause for a second. Of course she had been listening to them all night. That was how the brujas played you. They picked up crumbs from round your table, spat in them, rolled it up and tried to sell you a hot dog.
“They call me that. How can we help you, ma’am?”
“No one can help me, mi hijo. El Diablo helped me and after that no one could help me. But I can help you. I see your futures and all I need is my own bottle of tequila.”
They all looked around at each other. The GZA sat heavy at the end of the table, his timberland boots propped up and his arms crossed.
“How do I know you ain’t gonna draw a death line on my clan’s palms, señora? My moms always told me never let a bruja draw a shape on you hand.”
“She was right! She was right. Never touch a bruja or let her cross your palm. Every bruja is looking for a new husband. A man strong enough to tear her away from the black bedsheets of el Diablo. Never found one yet, but we keep looking. But no, I don’t need to touch you, jefe. I heard your tape. I know your names and your futures.”
“Yo get this fuckin bitch a bottle of goddamn tequila, get our fucking death sentences and then bust out of this joint for some place with hoes who likes ta blows. I ain’t scared of shit. The future is heat death, its already known, The inbetween is just a fucking sideshow. Our god forms are already free of the soil, knowsayin’”
U-God had no idea what ODB was talking about but his head nodded deepest. U-God wanted to be in bed and in the morning to go to work somewhere simple and easy.
“Play it again, Don Rodriguez. Forward… forward. Okay, bueno. Ready boys?”
“Wu Tang Down for whatever,” said Masta Killa with excessive bravado.
The light was made of whisky. Candles flickered
“Inspectah Deck. The song says you will sit back and watch a man play himself. You are too quick to get back in your seat. You speak accurately. Your rapping is very precise, you have never made a mistake. You never want to make a mistake. You will wait until the others have made their albums. You’ll be sure you will do the best album. When it comes out it will be cold, almost dead. But no-one will talk about what might have been when they talk about you. You will do just enough to avoid pity and shame. In the end you are just form with no heart. Your life and your beats and your career are molds made of glass that end up getting filled with water.
“Raekwon the chef. You will indeed cook up some marvelous shit. You’ll outdo even these chambers. You’ll build a world of poems where murder is sex and drugs are food and bullets are birds. But then you’ll think you can do it twice. You’ll walk out of the world and leave it to float. When you get to the horizon where planets sink behind something dark that that we don’t know, you’ll look back at the little red light. You’ll run back and when you get there you’ll be an old man. But the world will let you back in.
“Method Man. You do have mad different methods. But your genius is too obvious. It will all come to easy to you. Fame, women, bulletproof skin. You’ll race to be the first to go solo. You want it all. You’ll get it. And that’s it. You’ll be happy. You’ll be the last one to die.
“U-God. Go home now. Spend time with your loved ones. You are here because of blood not talent. You would love to be Judas, but no Pharisees will seek you out. Your only treachery is your banality,
“Ol’ Dirty Bastard. Osiris. You know your own destiny, You knew it since you were a child playing with matches. When you burned that man in the alley and never told anyone. He forgives you. He forgives the child inside you. I wish there was a way you could believe that. This world needs you, but you are already stepping into your underworld. Also, you will make a record with Mariah Carey that will be unusually good.
“Ghostface Killah. Your hour will come. You’ll make a storm of words, you’ll kick every word you can find until the world is full of them. You’ll kick the words forever, you’ll always have the joy of it. You’ll live in a snowglobe of lyrics. You will know great love and you will have inner peace. You will be blessed.
“RZA. They will turn on you. Raekwon will denounce you. He’ll call you a Jim Jarmusch-ass muthafucker. Like Shakespeare you will become invisible, embedded. You will dress like a woman in the dark, take photos of yourself. You will never know when it is over.
“GZA. You have no future. No future. But your past will grow ever longer and heavier.”
Then the bruja looked at the scared young faces. All scared, even the Ol’ Dirty Bastard. Of course they were scared. Their souls were trapped on little magnets on a strip of plastic now, looping around in Don Rodriguez’ bar at 3 am in a snow-taken city.
She took the bottle of tequila. She smashed it on the ground. She laughed and they all danced with her one by one, on the old parquet floor.

Monkey is not enough 
Monkey is not enough, I told them. Monkey is just dog who can wear pants but does not. Now we know fingers can go in space and can push buttons there. But can human mind go in space? this we don’t know.
The solution? Was easy at high level. I refused to tell them. I said one day I will be dead, you need to learn to think. Now it is 50 years later and I am still alive and they are all gone. Perhaps thinking is the best exercise.
They looked at me fiercely over my coffee. But I had already been in gulag. Gulag didn’t work on me. I have always been untouchable. Maybe I will never die. We’ll see.
After three weeks I said solution is easy: send novel in space. They flapped their hands like little fishes. But which novel? they said and now I was really furious.
Any great Russian novel contains the whole human mind!!!! Go to bookstore, find book with sturdy spine.
“The Devils” was the first man in space.
I Remember You Nasty
I still don’t know what a Ferox is. When I was a kid I heard the big kids – the ones with spots and scabs and little black mustaches – talking about “Cannibal Ferox.”
They weren’t really black: you could see through them. Like sunglasses, I suppose.
What on earth was a Ferox? Was it like a rape? That was another word I heard somethimes. It sounded enough like ‘rake’ that I thought it was doing something horrible to a woman with a rake. At some level. I had the image anyway.
This was back in the middle of the UK Video Nasty frenzy of the eighties. Suddenly someone could watch a film in their house. And maybe a child would see someone getting a drill in their head. Driller Killer was definitely the first one I heard about. The real title was THE Driller Killer. That’s more dignified somehow. Like a dance move or something.
The local video shop was a cave full of lurid boxes. I saw Driller Killer in there but I think I am remembering the box wrong. I don’t think it had the cross-eyed severed head of Jack Nicholson from the shining on a plate, drowning in fluorescent ink.
Man, the grown ups just didn’t know what to do. They didn’t get that when grown up movies came in the house, kids shouldn’t watch them. When I read articles about video nasties, it’s always assumed it was crazy paranoia and that kids were not being corrupted: the first films I saw on VHS were the Muppet Movie, Star Trek the motion picture, Taxi Driver, Don’t Look Back. I think I was on a trajectory to Cannibal Holocaust.
Video Nasty is a strange phrase. Why not “nasty video”? It sounds like a French film movement with that adjective back there.
I was scared of them. I would never watch a real nasty. I felt like after I did, then it would be over for me. They made me think that my childhood was a joke, a sham that could be peeled away by pushing down the springboard-sized Play button on the primitive VCR.
Years later, when I was living in a converted office building some Canadians were watching Cannibal Holocaust on the flip side of the cardboard wall of my cubicle. The synthesizer groans were like cattle murders in digital form. I said screw it, my imagination powered by these awful moans has got to be worse than what they are watching out there. I woke up and when out in the common area, caught a flying Molson beer.
My imagination was that of a little baby, I realized, as I watched them cutting the turtle’s head off.



The Nature of Things
It was in the nature of things to change. Even God-people secretly knew that. So they lived in a four thousand year eye-blink with solid mountains and fixed stars and the same set of original sins.
Big time…real time…that was too much of a challenge. A billion years would shatter their mad God and make his beard fall out.
But Martina was not a God girl. She felt closer to the slugs. She felt closer to the blue foam on Lake Tahoe. She felt closer to the rules of a children’s playground game.
Martina, therefore, didn’t blink when Charlie became a drug addict and left her and tried to come back and stopped trying to come back and wrote half a letter trying to come back and then died.
Well, she blinked. But she did not think.
All around her were things like the seasons that seemed to cycle in content rhythms …but now it snowed in June sometimes. These seasons rolled like a wheel rolls in a children’s game. It rolls and it wobbles and soon it is tracing an impossible route that you have to give up on capturing in your mind.
So when her hands started shaking and the doctors couldn’t figure out why and the Chinese doctor couldn’t figure out why (but everyone she met in the supermarket had a really strong conviction why) and she therefore started going to bed early because her hobby of painting had become too ugly to look at and TV seemed like a bad idea…this was also something that made sense to her.
One of her friends said to her: why did you even bother being born, Martina?
That was the kind of friend she had.
Martina considered her answer. Of course there was the obvious reply: it was a spasm of her mother’s birth canal.
But her friend, Betty, knew that. Betty knew that.
What did Betty not know?
She guessed what Betty didn’t know was how to go through life without being surprised then angry then sad then numb for a bit. That was what Betty was getting at, as they slowly painted Betty’s living room walls.
Betty had the conviction that life was actually made of pain. And she saw her pain-life like the brick house of the little pig and she saw Martina’s change-life as the straw house.
Martina had no words. No useful words. She tried the words that always didn’t work. “I don’t want to kill myself. I’m happy.”
There was no one that Martina had ever met – even people who couldn’t spell and people who thought that Africa was a country and even people who smashed their own furniture when their sports team lost – who didn’t think that Martina was the dumbest sack of shit they had ever met.
Walking through Chinatown one afternoon, looking at orange diggers digging into all the different kinds of brown underneath the tarmac of the city and listening to the tiny noises that birds needed to stay in the sky, Martina got the feeling that maybe some Asian people – some Buddhist people – might feel the way she did.
She found a little temple with a fence and a gate that was open with people going out and coming in. She went in. The people were not exactly welcoming but they also didn’t shoo her away and she knew that old Chinese ladies would really do that to you if they wanted to so she kept walking.
The temple was dim. It was so dim that it seemed like it would be hard to remember anything you thought about in here. Incense was burning and filling the room from the top.
A man in a black suit and white hair was kneeling and doing nothing else.
She had no plans.
So eventually the man got up. He had a very kind face.
She said, “Excuse me but I am having some trouble with people.”
The white haired man with the ageless face, like a Chinese Steve Martin, sat by her.
She told him that she was passing through life without a care and that was making it hard for her to have any friends.
“Well…do you want friends?” he asked.
She thought for a second.
“Oh, it can’t be that simple,” she said. 
But it was. 
Peace returned to her life, which continues to this day.

R.A.D.
a- The Magnificent Inheritance
When I first came back home there were kids who pursued me. I can’t even write down what they said to me. If I wrote it down and then one day this computer broke down and I had to take it to the shop then I would get arrested and put in the special wing. They said it like a kid might have asked a grown-up for a cigarette when I was a kid. Or like a pretend kid in a comic when I was a kid would have blown a raspberry at their neighbour.
I stopped jogging.
Being afraid of children was the sign either of the apocalypse, or your own breakdown. I went with the simpler explanation.
I lived in the empty house. I didn’t fill it up. Didn’t bother it.
I slept with all the lights on. I remembered the feeling of getting burgled again and again when we were young. The worst part was just before you ran down the stairs with your dad and just after. Running down the stairs was alright.
Or maybe the worst part was when your brother cried for “no reason” when it was all done. Or maybe it was the stony face of your dad.
Maybe it was sitting in the empty room with the lights on and new dust patterns where the telly and record player had been. Tellys were big back then. Burglars worked hard. Now they probably run away with an iPhone or something.
Maybe that is why they kill you in your sleep now. An excess of energy,.
I had been around the world, quietly. Now it was okay that I didn’t fit in. When I went for a drink with my mates they bought weird stuff, cocktails etc. I think they were trying to make me feel better.
“Are you gonna sell the house then?”
“Yeah. Do you think someone will buy it?”
“Yeah. It’s a house. Someone will do it up. Some lad with a big dog. Why don’t you get a dog.”
“But I’m selling the house.”
“I think you’re still gonna want a dog, mate.”
There is a samurai sword in the big bedroom. I used to think it was real. Dangerous. Now I am not sure. It’s definitely a nice souvenir. I think it could be sharpened.
This and a fake watch and piles of clothes and papers that I can’t handle: The Legacy. And leather jackets that I give to one of their old friends every time one comes round. I have twenty-one cans of Carling Black Label left in the fridge. And three leather jackets. Some have flakey elbows. Others don’t, but make me look like a giant wallet if I ever try one on. I am a man who can’t wear leather jackets or any kind of hat. Or sunglasses.
I don’t jog but why not go for a walk? I walk down the old road to town. Pakistani kids won’t bother me, will they? They watch me, though. Two big lads follow me down to the old market place where the clock stands. It is at the exact same time it was last time I was here and I was four-foot-one. Infrastructure investment is low here.
The Pakistani boys sit on the bench next to me, drinking Tango.
“Alright, mate,” they say.
“Alright, lads,” I say.
“You from here, mate?” they ask.
I say yes. I can’t ask them. It would be insensitive.
“What do you lads do?”
“Nowt.”
“Nowt. Yeah…you do nowt. Do you ever go to that Chinese place and get the curry chips?”
Was that insensitive? The curry.
“Charlie’s? Yeah, mate. Sound, mate. Chung gau feio ming chung!”
“I’m an orphan, lads.”
“Sorry to hear that , mister.”
“It’s my own fault. I thought I had to go around the world. It took a long bloody time lads. When I got back, I had an empty house. But the world is spinning round, innit? I could have stayed. I could have learned Chinese with you lads at Charlie’s.”
“You on the smack, dad?”
“Nah. I’m not on the smack.”
Then I start laughing. I’m laughing because smack is like leather jackets and hats and sunglasses to me.
“You’re on the smack, mate!”
“Hey listen, lads. Have you got like uncles and aunties and stuff in your house?”
“Cause we’re Pakistanis?”
They stand up and walk away.
“I have an empty house!”
I go home.
b – The Geometry of the Bongo
Outside, bricks slept. Tired after a day of being red, they were muddy brown now and left eyes alone. A few unlucky bricks had to do night duty in flamingo pink, under the neon sign.
“I could murder a pint.”
It was a nightclub of last resort or of raising the stakes. It was the step before getting a tattoo for a laugh, or searching alleyways for tramps. Or arm-wrestling over glass.
It was the place you could definitely get some sex, either for free or not but basically. Yes there was a place you could always get sex and everyone knew about it but they didn't go all the time because it was awful sex. It was white label baked beans. No matter how you psyched yourself up, brought your ‘A’ game, purchased or consented to hallucinations it was crap and damp and short. Not short enough but definitely short.
Chris and Spike came in to murder that pint. People think they have white skin but they forget that quite often they have blue, then pink then green skin. Chris and Spike flashed at each other like cuttlefish as they lounged on a copper rail by the mirror-cased dance floor where so far only two Philippina girls walked around with the air of lizards in an exotic pet shop. No seduction, because they knew the inevitability of the night.
Chris was short and irritable and had not chilled out when the twenties cooled and the thirties started to cement. He would fly off the handle regularly, mainly verbally but often he was the guy who said the word that started the minor bloodbath.
Spike was a big fucker. He was totally chilled out to a zen extreme. His muscles started in waterfalls below his ears and did not give up. What was the source of his cool, his warm tolerance and unruffled Brillcreem calm? The biggest clue was paradoxical: the “cut here” tattoo across his throat and the big black DM boots that peeked their toes out from under his sideburns.
They were friends since school so both knew the stories that had got them where they were. But the stories had unrolled letter by letter and entwined together so if you asked them about their pasts it would come out as a coded jumble, if they spoke about it at all, which they likely wouldn’t unless you caught them in a bong steam in front of a DVD trilogy, hundreds of feet up in the air in the almost empty tower-block Spike lived in. They had never tried to kick him out and none of the ghouls that took it over ever bothered him so he stayed because he was used to being high in the sky when he slept.
In the Bongo, the Soup Dragons played. They would play until the CD lost its pits to the laser gaze. More people had arrived. Chris and Spike looked at the girls. The local girls were not calm like the foreign girls. The local girls were wild, like they had crossed a line of chalk such as the ones sorcerers use to hold devils. They thrashed like they had muscles but snapped back like they didn’t have that many.
Tattoos made it like a puppet show. Little ponies and fish and burlesque girls made patterns in the meat market.
While Chris and Spike had been avoiding the main topic, a lot of people had arrived. That meant it was the uncanny time where you couldn’t really say it was early or late.
Among all the local lads, most of them teenagers touching the sky, were also some good natured thugs from eastern Europe and a few sharks from Turkey who would drag you somewhere dark to slice you and make jokes with you about it on the way. You would have to be sure not to lock on the same target as the Turks if you just wanted a quiet night of whoring.
“I can’t believe they let that bitch out,” said Chris finally, because he couldn’t stop himself.
“Fuck off, mate. Let’s not get into that,” said Spike with gravy on his voice.
“What’s the reasoning, man? She has no male relatives left so she’s safe?”
“Why are we going there here and now, twat? Why are we talking about that in the Bongo?” said Spike, with traces of emotion.
“I’ve gotta be who I am, gadge. I’m burning up, mate. And I don’t know why you aren’t?”
“She did us right.”
“She did us right? You think Steve-o would say that? Killing his fucking dad and his granddad and his uncle? Over a fucking lie?”
“Steve-o’s dead, mate.”
“That’s what I’m fucking talking about!”
He was screaming now. A quiet moment in house music let everyone hear the screams. The Turks bristled.
Spike looked down at Chris. His little mate from back when he was little too. Before the skins and the jails and the taste of nirvana and the fall from nirvana.
“We can go and talk to her. What about that?”
“I have nothing to say to her.”
“She looked after us. She looked after us both when we had no-one. When your mam had spikes in her arms. And she’s done her time. And who knows what really happened. Who knows.”
“I have nothing to say to her.”
“Then this topic is done. I’ll start a fight with those mad Turkish bastards over the footie but not with you over this bullshit, soft lad.”
Chris looked at the Turks. They were young and fit and looked back at you.
“Is that why we’re here? I thought we came for some trim.”
“I can’t remember now. Let’s dance and see what happens.”
‘Step On’ by the Mondays came on, and they entered the arena.

c – Gardening as rot
The new thing is weeds. Energetic daisy-looking weeds that come straight up, unbowed and fast so you feel like you are miniature and speeded up. Like you are watching the stubble of the ghetto.
- Don’t call it the ghetto! Who are you like? Who are you? I wouldn’t dare! Eating chick peas? What’s a fucking chick pea? Eat some proper chicken, that’s what you wanna do! I would NOT dare!
The other new thing is that instead of wood on your sealed up windows you have this cheese grater metal.
It’s hard to spray paint on it and it stops you from getting inside the old house and doing the things you want to do in there. Like drugs. Like cuddling up with a scabby girl.
But you *can* spray paint on it if you stand there in broad daylight and just plain DO it for long enough. It looks different. Faded and only half there. That can be an effect though.
So why the metal faced, metal eyed house husks now? Does it really keep people out? When bored, if unemployed people want to get in, they eventually will.  
Is it reusable?
Carbon neutral?
The weeds are carbon neutral. They are going to let this whole town go genuine jungle. We’ll compost with our corpses. We’ll do our joyrides on okapis and aurochs. Some kids with holes in their earlobes will work overtime making us carbon neutral beer so we keep going.
I walk down the old street and I see these daisy things everywhere. Maybe they are heroin poppies.
Either way it looks like they are a week from taking over and making the houses look like strange interlopers. When I was a kid, people cut their grass. People didn’t let the grass out by the road get full of strange flora.
All the mams and dads were the same age. All the dads looked like Steve Marriot. They all got themselves pregnant and got relocated at about the same time. They formed a community after a few years of fucking and fighting and fucking while fighting and fighting while fucking, And drinking,
And they would hit each others children and it never got to look like this.
Then again, looking down at the magnificent clustered crystal of this little flower… this only white thing I have ever seen…I think the council used to take care of all this. The zoo keepers.
d - What it means to be a doctor is to love
Rearranging the flyers on her desk. Thinking about all those mad syllables. Pantroplillipan. Foroxiplotl. Sometimes she read one backwards, just for fun. Nothing really happened, except that she did have fun.
Ltolpixorof.
She put the flyers in her flyer box, which she would empty in a month’s time unless some patient asked her about one of the drugs, in which case she would open the box and get it out and read it in front of them and then say, “Hmm,” and then either “Yes” or “No.” In her younger days she would have momentarily left the room to read the flyer, to maintain patient confidence. Now she was past that. She had achievements and massive failures both under her belt. But she still got paid every two weeks and the ever-aging never-changing herd trampled on her for six hours a day every day.
Plus, reading was a talent in its own right and not to be underestimated. Sometimes a blob in a grey big rib duffel coat would audibly giggle when she started reciting the magical powers and diabolical curses inscribed on the trifold.
“Death.”
The ultimate side effect.
Any time she read that side-effect she made sure she looked up to see the unique way each simple face would take it. Most often they looked behind them with a darting look.
Well, anyway. Flyers in the box.
Then two minutes before the next appointment.
She walked to the window and looked out. Today she chose the sky over the concrete wall or the forty foot drop. It was the brighter of the three today. She knew the air between her and the blue shell of the sky was awfully polluted and she had seen what came out of the lungs of living and dead people she encountered in a professional capacity. She lived out of town, where there were green bushes and foxes and people sometimes walked for pleasure. But she breathed this muck all day every day. 
And yet there were those who say she had never been punished! That she had got away with murder.
The cowardly thing to have done would have been to run like Dr H_____ did. Or not even a run. She disappeared. No photos, no press. 
But she, Dr. Dean, had stayed. She had only been passing through. But now eighteen years had passed. She was forty-two years of age. Her face had grown long, her ribs still were prominent when undressed but her belly sagged. She had the sad beauty of a woman at the feet of Jesus in a painting. She had the sad beauty of a lute’s plaintive cry. She had the sad beauty of a person who has lost their shoes and is dealing with it alone.
Sometimes she treated a man or a woman who had been one of the children that she and Dr H_____  had examined and given consideration to back in those days. She touched them with great fear.
Her ex-husband would always ask her one thing when he got drunk [every second Tuesday during the first part of their marriage but more randomly as the end came in to land.]
He would ask her, “Why the hell did you stay here in a town you destroyed?”
And she would answer each time, “Because I don’t know if I did.”
Time was up. Two minutes more had been added to the pile of minutes devoted to this dilemma. 


e– Under the telescope	

Someone needs to talk about Marion. It's not going to be me though. No way. Because everything I know about her is really something about me. And I know nothing about if she died or went somewhere nice or is still living in her Dad's old cellar.
Except he was in jail for a few years, and the house was abandoned. So it couldn't be true anymore that she was kept underground, like it used to maybe be true when we were all kids.
Unless he left a gigantic stockpile of shrink-wrapped ham and Ritz crackers.
She loved Ritz crackers.
If that mad bastard did lock her up in an underground dungeon - and I'm not saying he did - then he would have made sure she got lots of Ritz crackers. I went in her kitchen  fairly often and whenever you pulled open the big cabinet it was a red flash of Ritz boxes. After her mam died anyway.
I mentioned it to her one time: the Ritz crackers. That was awful. She melted and she shook and I almost had to touch her.
It was weird. I knew it was weird. Everyone knew it was weird. Except maybe Marion. Even before we all got puberty, it was weird. We didn’t play two-ee-ball, or tigs or anything. We didn’t play. We watched the telly and ate and she ironed. Later she played me records, Tamla Motown compilations that crackled with pure time from the smell of the sleeves to the crackle of the needle to the music that obviously was something her mam would have liked and not her dad and her mam was drowned in time and made of time.
That was amazing music. Unexpectedly it came into our life. It was better than telly. We never talked about it. She would just go all quiet and walk over the superthick carpet and get an album out of the deep drawer and put it on and we’d both sit back and love it and soar on some track like “Baby I Need Your Loving” but we wouldn’t talk about it and we wouldn’t look at each other.
So this is all weird right? This is like mam and dad when it maybe should have been doctor and nurse.
When she grew beautiful, I assumed I would all end. It didn’t. She did her boyfriend thing. I did my girlfriend thing, as best I could. There was still time to meet up in the time between 4pm and 6pm. I was getting into my art seriously by then. She thought it was a miracle the way I drew so she’d watch me do it. For her, when you drew you would draw a circle for the head and then other shapes around it and you’d draw a nose in the correct spot etc. And I liked that style. I still do. But for me it was all the chaos of the pencil on the paper, drawing from the center out, finding the best way for the scratches to share the paper and teasing people and trees and cars and geese etc. out of it. Every time she treated it like magic, so of course I kept going over.
She was lovely Irish. She was lovely freckles.
I should have drawn her. At least once.
But imagine asking her.
Imagine that.
I was usually shuffled out before her dad came home but of course I knew about him because I lived across the street and back then everyone knew everything except the very filthiest details about each other back then. The VERY filthiest details. And a very high level of detail. That was what we didn’t know.
But when you came home from work drunk and you terrorized your lovely daughter like a big ugly bat in her face and you stayed up till midnight taking photos of the moon then we knew it like you had glass walls on your house.
If you had a big, bloody telescope and you didn’t just look through it but you also wrote things down about it – in a book! – then this we knew.
And if you started fights but never finished them. And if you dug a big hole in your back yard and over a period of months built yourself an enormous shed that looked like a bomb shelter then every sheet of corrugated steel and every foot of timber was noted.
And when it was done and you called it your observatory and you locked it up, then we hated you.
Not ‘me’, I was just a daft kid. I just heard this all in other rooms, in big smoke bubbles with bad music going on. How bad? The best of it was “Bad Company”: that’s the high water mark.
“Don’t go to bed, stay up a bit. Have a laugh.”
How can a kid have a laugh with a bunch of grown ups? Really they wanted me to say soft things so they could teach me the language of insults that I would need to live my adult years here.
“He’s got a big head hasn’t he? Like a bloody caravan?”
“G’night.”
Anyway, I learned things in the bubbles. They all thought he was mad and dirty and that he thought too highly of himself.
But that was my friend’s dad. I didn’t want him to be dirty and mad.
So one time I suddenly said to Marion, “I want to meet your dad.”
Not “I think you’re great” or “I’m still going to be thinking about you my whole life” or “I want to draw your picture.”
She said no, of course, but without conviction. I was surprised and I found a comfortable place to sit.
I found a comfortable place. Then I got worried.
“Is this your dad’s chair?”
“No, it’s Our Mam’s.”
I settled into it. Our chairs outlive us. I soaked that thought in as Marion fluffed up her hair which had recently been cut into a short wedge.
Then she suddenly laughed and smiled at me so hard that even if I think about it now, I break a little.
Then we heard her dad cough and we both practically crapped ourselves. The next bit of time drops away from my memory. Then I am half out of the little window in the kitchen pantry and kicking my legs and how can it be that she is not laughing at the two legged octopus she is trying to push out and how come I am not screaming as I look down at the concrete my head and hands are actually trying to plunge into?
Later that happens, I guess. We have a very good laugh next time we see each other. But we don’t say why, because at root…there is something not funny going on.
After that day, we grow apart. We still live only 100 feet apart but she becomes more like other girls and I become probably even less like other lads.
A year later, she runs away from home.
It’s totally plausible.
Presumably the police check the observatory. But maybe when they are in there, the telescopes distract them and they look up instead of down. Maybe she is underground. We talked about it a bit when we were kids but it was one cold day in Germany when I read the news about another one of those girls being dug out from under her father’s construction with her rape babies that I really thought that we stupid kids had been right and Marion had been in there in chains. They made it seem so stupid then, like we had the last traces of Hansel and Gretel still in us and we were embarrassing the grown ups with our idiot talk. We had to be more reasonable like the police and the doctors.
It is plausible that she ran away. She grew wild in the year without me. First she stared smoking, which is no big deal but she did it forcefully and when she held the cigarette in front of her face it was the most intense theater I have ever seen, even to this day.
Then she went a little punk and she drank more than the other girls and she threw up without bending over.
Then she was gone.
I remember our last nod. I had expected that at some point we’d have a new friendship that would burrow out from the remains of the old one like a rash of flowers. The nod was maintenance, until we were both a bit older and more solid.
I remember the last nod and seeing that she had five rings in one ear now. I remember the sense that she was with a tall, boring lad.
And then years and years pass.
And people die.
And I don’t.
And now I am back in the old house, looking over at her old house.
Her dad is still in it. The stars still encircle it.
And one day, as sure as flowers will sprout from the earth, I will go to that house and I will find out the truth.
So tonight…I won’t.
Nervous Teeth Drink All The Poison

The first question is ‘why me?’
That is to say, the first question of the weak minded man is ‘why me?’
When you think that, you are already dead. Basically. 
You have done two things. You have ceded control of yourself to some outside force or agency. You have said, ‘Hey, I am a bit like a fly, aren’t I? And someone is squishing me. Could be a blind dwarf, could be an Academy Award winning director. I don’t know. In fact I am too stupid to even ask. All I want to know is, why me? There’s nothing so special about me. Why are they killing me?’
The second thing you have done is… ah fuck it and fuck you too.

There is moss on this Buddha. You’d think the salt water would have killed it. Oh. Maybe it is seaweed.
The concrete Buddha is smooth and huge. But I will not say “why me?”
The sky is grey. The cliffs are grey. The Buddha is grey. Concrete, you see. The sea is grey.
What idiot thought death was black?
Robert Smith of The Cure, maybe.
I hope that no locals come by as I try and climb on this Buddha’s lap.
Buddha and gravity team up and throw me on the floor for a laugh. Because ‘everything happens for a reason.’
I lie down and look up at the smooth face of the Buddha from below. I’m looking right up his nose. He remains composed. Five birds in a V fly overhead, but their wings don’t beat. So they are frozen and I am frozen and the Buddha is frozen, but they both look cool and I don’t. I look like an idiot. Except no one is looking.
I really throw myself into it this time. I grab at the sea moss. I accept the sandpapering of my abdomen and the deep sounding of my knee bones. I sacrifice a fingernail.
Now I sit on the Buddha’s lap. I don’t copy him in a perfect lotus. I respect his space, his look. I lounge.
I never thought the concrete lap of a lost Buddha in the rain would be where I felt OK.
Happy, I mean. I always felt ‘OK.’
So I’m already chattering when I take the little green bottle out of my pocket. It’s the green of jade.
If I drink what’s in this bottle, that’s the definitive ‘why me?’
They’ll find me all dead on the Buddha’s lap, with slugs where lips once lay.
A man with a fishing rod will find me and he’ll look down at his rod and tackle and his empty icy blue cooler and he’ll curse me.
The villagers will come and drag me down. They won’t take it easy on me. I’ll start the process of coming to pieces. There’ll be crabs in my folds.
I’ll be taken to the top of the cliffs and a large tartan blanket will be put over me. Children will be kept from me, and big beaks will be kept from me.
Someone will be coming for me. An ambulance will be driving down that long winding road, as soon as it is available. So I won’t be a horror or a big deal. I’ll be mentioned just before dinner. In some cases, before breakfast.
Then I’ll be done. My story won’t even get over the hill.
An old man with a bucket and a ladder will clean the Buddha as a matter of form.
So on reflection, of all the places in the world where this is not so ‘why me,’ maybe I have picked a good one.
Better than the middle of the woods, where a dog eventually happily finds your femur and policemen in waterproof fluorescents have to consider and publicize the circumstances of your disintegration.
Better than my apartment where she might – you never know – turn up and plunge into wine-red irony.
Better than the middle of the Gobi Desert where I could never do it because I can’t do it totally alone.
I look at the little bottle. It’s way too fancy. It’s from some antique store. This is all way too fancy.
“Hey mister,” says a little boy with a kite down below. “You better get down.”
So I do. He lets me fly the kite. It has Spider-Man on it, red and blue.
NOVELS by MARC HORNE (see http://ZIZEKPRESS.COM for details)

AUTOMATIC ASSASSIN
A cyberpunk space opera about Xolo, a man who replaced his conscience with a machine. 
A routine assassination on a synthetic planet gets complicated when Xolo stupidly rescues some kids, gets a bomb in his head (that falls in love with him) and then winds up on the world of kings, brainslaves and electric zombies known as ‘Earth,’ where he is mistaken for a cosmic messiah.
“Fast-plot adventure, whimsy and outright piss-taking shot through with gorgeous observations and fabulous horrordreams of future. It’s a cool ride with an unnerving end.” Penny Goring, author of The Zoom Zoom
----
Xolo was being encased in a plascrete shell that showed only his face. His face looked waxy and removable, free of any muscular content.
“So,” continued Chang, walking over to the teapot and refilling. “You went under the parapersonality and started digging in on the real deal. What did you find?”
“Ah… well he went into cardiac arrest once we stared looking back for the yacht.”
“Lovely. Well, I’ll handle the second interrogation.”
“There will be no second interrogation.”
“You what?”
“The sultan wants an execution.”
“The sultan…since when is the sultan making decisions. Did someone give him a banana?”
“The sultan did not receive any fruit. But may I remind you that the charter of decisions is clear on this point. An assault on a sultan is punishable by immediate death. The sultans know this stuff you know.”
“But we’ve already had him for an hour. Can’t we have him for an other half-hour.”
“Sultan’s nap time is coming up.”
Change regained his cool, smoothed out his pointy eyebrows.
“Well, whatever. We live to serve. How does he want it done?”
“Arrows in the eyes.”
“Always the arrows in the eyes…” 


TOKYO ZERO
One man goes to Tokyo to end the world. It goes fairly well.
“lyrically jarring“, “wildly imaginative“, “so good that, if you haven’t read it, you may in fact be squandering your literacy.”
---
Japanese policemen's guns are small and sort of puny. Except when they are shooting at you. Right now, they are shooting at me and my companion and we are running scared. The Policemen's shots are a little tentative, like someone picking chewing gum out of their hair. In fairness to the police, I should mention that we are in Shinjuku station, the world's busiest. Currently it is occupied by... oh, I don't know... 2.5 Lichtensteins. I am on average four inches taller than those around me, and a crucial four inches to boot, so as I barge through the crowd, hurting everyone, I must remember to crouch. To help me remember this, I visualize two things: the cloth that hangs in front of every drinking establishment in this country and those photos of JFK's autopsy that my father and I discussed over breakfast in 1977. 
Running next to me, in full flush of his compact masculinity is Takeshi Honda, ex-military. Now, if I were a Takeshi Honda in a blue suit in these circumstances I would fall to the ground and upon standing be a sheep rather than a wolf and watch events through the TV glaze. However, Honda stays with me, pointing me here and there, grabbing aggressive costumed Japan Railways employees by the forehead and smashing them to pieces, reminding them that it is not the peaked hats of the police that make us run. 
We skid past a "Let's Kiosk!" and I have never felt more like accepting its invitation. Yeah, let's kiosk... anything but this. 
The man behind the kiosk cannot believe his eyes: the crowds have parted, firstly, and secondly a white man with his face covered in blood and a salaryman with a soul are racing straight at him. If she were not such a traitor (or if I were not) he would also see a most aggressively attractive woman neck-to-neck with us, probably openly armed. But she is gone and I don't know if her beauty will aid or hinder her attempt to stay gone. When this is over, that will be interesting to find out. If I see her mug shot on TV or if I never see her again will be how I find out. 
"Stop!" cry the cops in English, which I take personally. This makes me turn around. I see that things are over. Somehow they coordinated the station like an army to part and create a long shooting range. They are skidding around a little at their end of the range as they get into position. The floor of this station is in places one of the slickest surfaces known to man, polished by several million feet in predictable chaos daily. It is veined in a pattern that would tell the anthropological programs of my father's future much about the recently dead human race. The three policemen are about to shoot, as soon as they can stand, and even if one accidentally takes out the Kiosk man who is cowering behind dried squid in front of us, that still leaves plenty of bullets for me. 
The dried squid remind me of the enormous giant squid beneath the oceans, sacs of amazing pressure and death power and darkness who nonetheless have had no impact on my life. 
The kiosk man drops. 


THIS UNHAPPY PLANET 
A Spiritual Fitness Club seemed like a great way to make money, but reality is not always for sale.
“darkly, subtly funny“,“characters imbued with depth and shading”
----
For a while there, no one wanted to play on the beach in case bits of a Marine washed up. Then came some great weather and awesome surf and so people began to agree he had been swallowed by the sea and its creatures. Life got back to normal and that’s probably just how the Marine and the ocean would have wanted it.
It was dawn in California and the sun was sneaking up on the sea. Pink feathers infiltrated past Pollo Loco, a peachy haze phased through the spokes of a beach cruiser bicycle and two men in their thirties were flecked with gold as they tried to free themselves from a deep purple, surprisingly warm sidewalk outside a bar that quietly twinkled.
“I can not believe,” said one of them. And he had planned to say something else. It was something about the nineteen year old in hot pants whom he had bought drinks for all night. But in the end he stopped talking right there. Because he stopped there - his brain exhausted - some strange things would end up happening to these two men.
His companion smiled a rugged smile of warm cynicism. “You can’t believe? Me neither, man. Me neither.”
And then two brains started ticking and a big fuzzy ocean hush watched over them and let them do it. The bar… it was gone. Just the ocean hush.
“Jack! Jack, I’ve got it!” said the other guy, the drinks-buying guy, and he leapt to his feet impossibly. Like leaping direct to space or maybe more like a salmon leaping up a waterfall: only impossible until you see it.
Jack, inspired, pushed himself up to a (supported) seated position. “Spit it out then Drake-o!”
Drake’s wavy mane of black hair had slumped over his face and looked quite dramatic.
“I’ve figured out why we married those lovely ladies. Those lovely, idle wenches. You know why?”
Jack was now sitting straight-legged with his arms back, like he was taking in a band at an outdoor festival.
“No, man. I mean… yeah, I know why I did and it has something to do with someone pissing on a plastic stick. But no… I mean… hit me.”
Drake raised one arm, and staggered but not enough to ruin the effect.
“Because there is gold in California but not in the hills… it’s in the air now. It’s in the mind. And those occasionally still quite sexy psychos are going to be the god-damned divining rods that lead us right to it. Shit, man, I’m telling you… I’m going to get that man-servant after all and it’s not going to be you because you’re going to be my partner, man. You and me are going to be rich and… and… special.”
Then Drake called for a man-hug and with his last ounce of energy Jack delivered.
And then time skipped and it was suddenly quite sunny and people were grudgingly circumventing them. So they stumblingly followed the smell of breakfast burritos, staying quiet to avoid any mishaps on the way.

READ MORE AT http://zizekpress.com

THIS WHOLE BOOK is Creative Commons licensed under an "Attribution Non-Commercial Share Alike" license.
BUT NOT THE COVER which is Copyright 2011 Sarah Melville. Thanks for the cover, Sarah.
