
Viewmaster

By
Brian Ferdinand Stowell


Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2011 Brian Stowell

License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author



Time:

Bush Anus Terribilis
2005



Place:

When I was a child, and that child I was is a mere ghost now, I used to look upon the world at large in the form of a hollow globe that stood on three spindly legs in various rooms in our old houses (it moved around a lot and so did we.)  I’d start with coat hook Cape Cod, then spin to, say, the Middle East, and proceed to move my pointing finger along the slender vial of the Red Sea, an intoxicant pursed in the palm of Arabia, gripped by the lobster claw thumb of Somalia.  These weren’t countries but creatures to my young eyes: monster puzzle pieces.
Then up my finger would go making circles around the birth canal of the Mediterranean as it presses out between the thighs of Europe and Africa.  Into the vast ocean I would be released, my journey slowed by the enormity of those pale shades of blue and then quickened by the flowing black lines of the Gulf Stream.  I would just miss a small sperm shaped island emanating from the great phallus of Florida, poised to impregnate all of the Caribbean.  I had finally returned to my own country, the beast that belonged to me.
But my wanderlust is not satisfied, so I push the little morsel of dust accumulated at the tip of my finger and feed it to the Gulf of Mexico as it frowns open-mouthed, hiding the teeth of its submerged ridges beneath the saliva of the sea.  I then timidly squeeze by the gross obesity of Texas and reach what I always knew would be my destiny and my final destination: California.  It didn’t matter where in California; Adventureland, Fantasyland, Tomorrowland, anyplace would do.
The state, if you’re not familiar with it, is a long dinner table or a kitchen counter-top with salad bowl Central Valley in the middle; a table where everyone sits on one side, like the ‘Last Supper’ or an awards banquet.  I knew it contained that mythical city where they made movies and TV shows.  To my young ears it sounded like an occidental name for some exotic far-eastern kingdom, like Mandalay or Cathay.  I would look on the map for Allay and never find it.  I knew about the big gold bridge (though it looked tomato soup red) and even the name of the city it was in and I already knew then what I would learn from direct experience later – things are different in San Francisco.
When I was a young man, and that man I was is a mere ghost now, I often stared at Golden Gate Bridge, that portal for air and fog blown in from the ocean; it made promises it couldn’t possibly keep.  I would rub my eyes to try and make it go away because I suspected it wasn’t real, just a brumous hallucination, a hypnotic vision straddling the two shores of sleep and complete wakefulness.  In me it induced a sublime anxiety, as consuming as an obsessive love.  If my soul exists and could take on the qualities of something tangible, I am sure it would resemble this bridge; a lyrate form quivering with the movements of earth and sky, wading in the shallows at the edge.
The bridge held me; over it hovered a cinematic ‘The End’ and the siren call of wind through suspension cables.  Eyes closed, I’d listen for the orchestral reverie, my dream of moving parts.  Then I’d hear it, the music playing, coming towards me in the sails.  The tides of my breath, the measured intake and exit of air.  Intermezzo.  The sailboats get closer then farther away, blistered and purged by the wind.  The whole bay is a waiting room for the unknowns of the ocean; the pacing back and forth of the water craft.  Biding time.
The Golden Gate Bridge is a Deus ex Machina, a contrivance perhaps, but how else could one end a continent?  Here we rest and begin.



Chapter I: To Be and Be


A perfect day would start something like this: I hear your footsteps on the front stoop.  You fumble around a bit and then find the doorbell, which you ring only once.  I open the door and I smile at you.  It’s a smile so light, so breezy and broad that it practically peels the mouth from my face and sends my lips flapping, flying up into the full light of day.  I say something inadequate to the moment like “Welcome, come on in,” but it doesn’t matter, because you understand me.  Your russet locks trace soup ladle curves as they curl and dip into the tureen of your shoulders.  Your breasts pounce un-tethered like plump birds of prey.  You enter and saunter in such a way that your clothes can barely contain you; your garments seem as ready to fall crumpled to the floor at your feet as I am.
As you stand in the foyer with your angelic child (I have a thing for good-looking moms,) you say, “Oh, what a beautiful Italianate home you have.”
“Thank you,” I reply, as I motion for you to sit down.  Your five year old is bound spiritually by your strict but fair rules of etiquette and physically by some sort of truss made of canvas straps that you hold firmly in your grip……
I’ve never had that day exactly; life is a calendar of longing and imperfection.  And though I’d once planned on the days of my life accruing with the beautiful logic of the Fibonacci series, good days and bad days now climb and fall, climb and fall in exact correlation with my bank account, which never seems to get past four low digits.  They are found in finite combinations with the other major categories of the quotidian – days until and days since, sunny days and days without sun; days without end and days that are over too soon.

Last Spring, a season indistinguishable from winter where I live, the usual mist condensed into actual pelting rain on several occasions; I was then reminded of the near tropical summer rainstorms of my childhood somewhere else.  Once or twice during last year’s long extended season, the atmosphere prickled with electricity, sending veins of lightning coursing like effects through the apparatus of a movie madman’s laboratory.  Great blasts of thunder, usually found only in the ground here, shook the air and everything caught in it.  Such weather is rare; the gods above San Francisco are usually stoned and not so temperamental.
On April 4th I dutifully turned my clocks forward, welcoming the extra light courtesy of Daylight Savings, as though you could deposit the sun in a piggy bank or a beggar’s cup, as though it were a place with a drive-thru window.
I paid my taxes on April 15th, driving down to a late-closing post office south of the city to post my return before the deadline.  I joined a miles-long line of cars waiting their turn to drop their envelopes into mailboxes in some procrastinators’ re-enactment of the Trail of Tears.
That was the day before Celestine left and I realized I’d made a terrible mistake, even before I’d found the used condom wrapped in a wad of tissue paper in her wastebasket, even before Porky had drawn me into his vortex of shame and scandal .
“Well,” she said, her head shaking slightly, involuntarily, “thank you Roy.”  I waited for the next word out of her mouth but none came.
“I’ll call you a taxi,” I said, practically jumping for the phone, for something that could make it all better.
“Nope, all taken care of.”  A horn sounded outside.  “Oh, that’s him now.  Well, goodbye, thanks again.”
“Here, let me at least help you with this.”  I took Celestine’s suitcase and carried it down the front steps to the taxi, the trunk lid of which popped open even before we made it down the stairs.  The cab driver wasn’t moving from behind the steering wheel, not until his backward gaze caught Celestine taking out a twenty-dollar bill.
“I want you to have this,” she said as she handed me the money.  I’d obviously been indiscreet about my financial worries.  I didn’t want her to leave thinking our relationship was all about money, even though it was my need for money that had brought us together.
“No, no, that’s not necessary, really.”
“Take it, buy something nice for the house, I insist.”
“Alright, that’s very sweet of you.  Take care of yourself,” I said in my little Ming vase voice, the cracks artfully contrived. She waved me away. I returned to the house and opened up a cabinet in the dining room that connects to a defunct dumbwaiter; I stared down into the rabbit hole in which many bottles with little tags marked ‘drink me’ were cached.
On April 17th Porky was off and running with his mouth again, telling me things I didn’t want to hear and the very next day I became terribly shy and wondered what all these strangers were doing in my house. Then I lifted one of those bottles from the hole in the wall, placed it on the kitchen counter, where I sat before it, resting my chin against the bottle cap until it hurt.

Checking hospitality into the hospital
I run Golden Rules Bed and Breakfast in my home, catering to a public that surprises me with its ability to elicit my warmth and sympathy. I haven’t been accustomed to warmth and sympathy in my life, brought up by a man and woman whose interest in children was negligible and given that they produced ten of them, perverse. Being a hotelier has forced me to confront what has always been my biggest physical challenge, which is smiling.  When I hear the phrase ‘unnatural acts’, I think of smiling at the top of the list of carnal no-no’s.  Doing that with one’s mouth seems manipulative and is physically uncomfortable to me, as though someone takes the ‘V’ for Victory pose of fingers and shoves them into the corners of my mouth, then thrusts them upward suddenly – torture.  I have no trouble laughing, but any facial display of sentiment below raucous good cheer and above solemn disapproval just makes my cheeks quiver.
Although I’ve never had much interest in, or been very good at, serving other people, my initial apprehension of strangers has given way to a professional anticipation of the arrivals and departures of travelers. I’m now kindly disposed towards them before they even walk through the door just because they’re staying with me.  Most of them live up to this early promise by being pleasant and not too demanding.
Likewise, I’ve found that most of them are kindly disposed towards me. The good humor of people unhinged from their routines is seductive.  Our lack of a shared history lends itself to a conspiratorial camaraderie; I help them to understand that we’ll be working together, that I share their burdens and safeguard their small claim on freedom.  I bond easily with them and our intimacy feels real.  By comparison, my other relationships, with people I’ve known for years, seem too complicated and difficult.
My house is an Italianate former brothel that lists to the side like the inebriated prostitutes that used to ply it – I’ve nicknamed it Lenora.  It makes all sorts of noises that sound like bodily functions and goes through my money as if it were toilet paper.
The house accomplishes the subtle magic of projecting my presence in the world (though much of that presence is still Uncle Arthur’s) and this helps keep my guests in line, focusing them on the demands of tourism, not on tormenting me.
I inherited the house and business from my Uncle Arthur.  Arthur believed in the hereafter and communed regularly with dead people.  He helped me reclaim three of my past lives, Septimus, a Roman centurion and rapist of Britannic maids; Mimi, a fashion designer in Belle Epoque Paris and Jefferson, an African-American slave whose biography sounds suspiciously like that of Kunta Kinte on the TV show ‘Roots’.  A fourth previous life, Aldaric, I discovered on my own as I waited in a Greyhound bus depot in Los Angeles.  A psychic – Tamara Schwartz, psychic, LA – NY, Past Lives Retrieved, it said on her card – informed me that we had been monks together in 12th century Provence.  I ended up sleeping with her and apparently it wasn’t our first time.
Per Arthur’s example, I have re-named each of my four guest rooms after this eclectic group of personalities (displacing Arthur’s own coterie of previous incarnations: Alcibiades, Princess Mokomo, Lord Dulcington and Smitty – so far at least there have been no repercussions for bumping them from the roster, but who knows what awaits me in the great beyond.)  All this gets explained to the guests who then understand it as a genuine San Francisco experience that will be recalled with warmth and/or cruel laughter for decades into the future.  As I’d heard Arthur say many a time, eccentricity is good for business.

Sexygenarian
I like playing host for paying guests because it gives me the opportunity to practice being with people I might never come into contact with or if I did, the kind of people to whom I might not be so nice.  Celestine I liked right off.
There was something about her that piqued my interest as soon as I opened the door and she said, “Hi, are you Roy?  I’m Celestine.”  She was of a type I knew well, an independent, weather-beaten but pretty, youngish grandmother; likes traveling but isn’t a slave to it like some of those lost and wandering Nordic souls.  She was warm and humorous, knocked around a bit by life, unmanned.  She was around twenty in the early sixties when I was born.
I asked her immediately if she had driven here, as I do all my guests, because I try to forestall any unpleasant parking situations with the neighbors.  I live in North Beach, a very congested part of San Francisco where automobiles are forced into an evolutionary struggle for survival that turns their owners into irate pawns.  She hadn’t driven.
I sort of smiled and ushered in her and her small suitcase, bright backpack, sensible shoes, faded jeans, printed blouse, dangling silver earrings and that mane of silvery blonde hair – a lioness.
“Did you find the place alright?” I asked her.
“I’m here aren’t I?”
“Celestine, you really are here and I’m so glad to have you, sit,” I said in that overly familiar yet commanding tone that lets people know I will be the new, temporary and conditionally benign authority figure in their lives.
“Please,” I added.
“You’ve got a lovely home,” she said, looking around the Italianate living room as though she were star gazing.  Here was a woman eager to be delighted.
“Thanks.  To start off I’m going to have you fill out this registration card and then tell me how you’d like to pay.”
“Credit card, but I already gave the number to the guy who booked me in here.  Tipton, I think he said his name was.”
“That’s just to hold the reservation, the agents don’t actually charge your card.  I take your number again and give it to my accountant (the very same Tipton!) for processing.”
While she filled out the card, I continued pulling down the drapes in the living room that the parents of a set of two-year old twin boys had gathered together in bunches and then stuffed up onto the window sashes out of fear their children might hang or suffocate themselves.  Hhmm….hadn’t thought of that.  From all the evidence I’ve gathered, being two years old is no picnic.  I can’t tell you how many surround-sound screaming fits we had during their stay. It made me wonder if there wasn’t anything more to life for me than preventing the double suicide of emotionally disturbed children.
I showed Celestine to Mimi, her room, but as I was about to point out the light switches in the bathroom, I could sense the couple in Septimus was checking out.  I excused myself and rapidly made my way to the hallway, where the thirty-somethings from Connecticut were departing.  They looked determined and then when they noticed me, annoyed.

Guestiness
Departure is always a tug at the emotions.  You can feel the tension as guests who have an inkling that they should tip you try to run out the door with all their luggage, which has increased dramatically in girth due to their purchase of products, the bulk of which they could have gotten at their local mall.  I hail them, but they are adamant about not giving in to weakness.  They believe in clean breaks; I like to make our farewells messy.
“It was really great having you,” I say.  He avoids meeting my eyes while he barely manages a ‘thanks’.  She gives me a beaming, silent smile, her hair still wet from the shower.  Once downstairs, she says ‘thank you’ to the wall before slamming the door shut.  I’d asked her not to do that.
Tipping is the longed-for result of a performance art that I may never master.  Like many Americans, I have always felt uncomfortable, even philosophically opposed to the custom.  It’s the guests that I least like who I feel I deserve extra compensation from.  And the ones I like the most, the ones most likely to tip, (though I don’t like them solely for this reason) I feel uncomfortable taking even more money from.

Flirtiness
The next morning I greeted Celestine at the breakfast table; she was a balm to the wounds that had already been inflicted upon me by thoughtless guests and my kitchen sink, which was horribly plugged and disgorging blackish clots the size and consistency of what I imagine dinosaur mucous to have been.
“Good morning Celestine, how did you sleep?” I asked.
“Good morning, Roy.  I slept like an angel.  This fruit is fabulous.” She was referring to my inspired fruit plate, which consisted of slivers and bits of colorful fruit arranged in geometric patterns.  “It’s kind of like one of those Busby Berkeley movies.  You know where they have all those chorus girls doing routines in a kaleidoscope?”
“Yeah, I know what you mean,” I said.  “I suppose if Busby Berkeley had been allowed unlimited access to seasonal fresh fruit while in solitary confinement at a particularly bleak prison, he would have made fruit plates like this.”
Celestine smiled and said, “Well, you’ve certainly brightened my morning, and I think I’m going to need it; it’s rather dark and misty out.”
“Yeah, but walking out in this weather is like getting a really great facial, best thing for your skin.”
She giggled and said, “I hadn’t thought of it like that.”
“Where are you off to today?” I asked her.
“I thought I might hike down to the wharves and walk over to Golden Gate Bridge.  Do you think that’s too far?”
“Not if you’re a walker.  With great legs like yours, I don’t think you’ll have a problem.”  I was a little taken aback by my own forwardness.  Her legs, a bit slack and age-mottled to be sure, but shapely, descended from her trim waist and flared safari shorts like prongs from a plug.  She paused to consider my remark with her tongue pressed against the inside of her cheek and a steaming mug of coffee inches from her lips.  She scattered the steam with her breath.
“I can see my legs are going to get quite a workout in San Francisco,” she said mischievously.
I said goodbye to Celestine, handing her a map, a plastic spoon and a container of yogurt for her journey, then cleared the breakfast table and focused my attention on the plumbing problem in the kitchen.


Indiscreet Plumbing, or Praying to the Porcine God
I knelt down before my sink and through the chemical haze of the storage cabinet underneath it, I saw a vision as war-like and glorious as the one Emperor Constantine beheld – the cross and the sentence ‘Under this sign you shall conquer.’  I see my own sign post of conversion: a thick wad of cash and the sentence ‘You must break the will of this house that seems bent, if not on your destruction, then at least on monopolizing every minute of your spare time.’
I called the plumber, my next-door neighbor, as I stood staring into the kitchen sink, which sat with its basin full of dirty dishes and the expletives I had hurled at it all morning.  He came by later that morning.
“This doesn’t look good,” the plumber tells me.  When has it ever?
“How come?” I ask.
“Well for starters…”
From my standing position I glance down to what looks like his decapitated body.  I kneel to his level in order to show my interest in not getting fleeced.
“Do you see this, Roy?” he asks.
“Yeah, what about it?”
“You’ve probably been a real lucky guy up until now.”
Porky is a portly, infectiously good-natured Filipino-American man.  His high spirits are reason enough for the affectionate annoyance rising in me.  There are many times I’m grateful for men like Porky who are able to keep the world together with a corny joke and a bit of duct tape, but right now I am resisting this man with the power to let the waters flow, or not.
“See this elbow?” he waits for me to reply even though the elbow couldn’t be more obviously placed.  “See how the threads are stripped here?”  I nod.  “This is where the leak is coming from.  Now do you see this, this rusty, crappy black stuff all around the mouth of the pipe?”
“Yeah, that’s gross.”
“Right, it’s the creature from the black lagoon,” he says, looking like a kid on Christmas morn.  “You got swamp thing in your pipes and I’m going to have to go through the whole system trying to find out where he lives.”
“That sounds expensive.”
“That’s right, it could get very expensive,” he says, delighted.  I’m wondering how long it would take for a jury of his peers to convict my plumber friend under federal racketeering statutes.
“Well, can you please write down exactly what it is you’re going to do and give me an estimate of how much it’ll cost?  When can you work on it?”
“Not today, maybe tomorrow.”  He closes the pipe back up, literally throws his tools into a plastic bucket that is as distressed as his pants and sweatshirt and his eyes become stuck to a plate of the cookies I bought at the bakery this morning.  “Have a couple,” I offer.
“Thanks,” he says as he grabs four on his way down the hall.  “How’s your boyfriend?”
“Porky, Tip is not my boyfriend.  I’m not gay!”
“Oh, I forgot,” he says gently, his mirth smoldering in the upturned corners of his smile, “See you around.”
“I’m calling you first thing tomorrow, Porky.”
Along with the house and business, I had inherited Tipton, the young man who had taken Celestine’s reservation and whom Porky was now linking me romantically with, from my uncle.  Tipton is short, fat and balding.  He is quick to take offense and politically right of center. He has the smooth, milky white skin of a housebound Caucasian infant and perfumes the air around him with an infant’s spitty, farty, pablum smells produced in folds of tightly closed skin.
Tipton adored and lived through uncle Arthur and upon the latter’s death, he took me up as his new unrequited love.  I’d never been able to bring myself to ask him if he didn’t have just a teeny bit of resentment that I had gotten the house and business.  He had, after all, taken care of Arthur during his recovery from stroke and all but run the business.  And they’d shared a passion for opera and mutton-chop sideburns and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer among other things. But Tip seemed to have found his station in life, and life was theatre and like any actor of small talent, he found purpose in sycophancy.
I’ll declare now what I should have said first off: I’m not gay.  Not that there’s anything wrong with that, but people have to start getting realistic; I’m just not.  I show up on everybody’s ‘gaydar’ but if people would just look more closely, really examine my life, the truth becomes self-evident.
I’m one of those guys who everybody thinks is gay because I’m sensitive and artistic and I like traveling and I dress fashionably.  My body language tends to be, by American standards, a bit feminine: I cross my legs like ladies and Europeans do, I hug and kiss freely, my handshake is weak and I’m witty and good at decorating a room.  Even my parents think I’m gay.  During much of my life, they were pissed at me because they thought I was queer, now they’re pissed at me because I won’t admit it!

Star power
Celestine returned from her walk around 6 pm. I heard her climb the front stairs laboriously and fumble a bit with the key. She rang the bell just as I opened the door.
“Hi, I had trouble with the key,” she said. She was deliriously worn out and unburdened by shopping bags, a free woman.  I showed her again how to operate the lock and she removed a cheromoya fruit from her apple-green knapsack.
“I thought you might enjoy adding this to your fruit palette.”
“Thanks.  That’ll be the proverbial piece of resistance.  How was your day?”
“Oh, I lingered in the neighborhood for most of the morning.  Wanted to check out the Vesuvio and soak in all that beat nostalgia.”
“Were you a beatnik in your wild youth?”
“My youth wasn’t that kind of wild, it was more Shelley and Byron and Gothic romance wild.”
“Waiting for Heathcliff?”
“Something like that.” She paused after she spoke, her eyes locked onto something far away, a cue card perhaps and then she continued, “And then after Vesuvio, I set out on a wonderful hike. When I was walking through the Marina a man stopped me and asked if I was staying with you.  I thought, God, this is weird.  Turns out he’s a neighbor of yours and saw me leaving the house.  Porky the plumber?  What a character he is.  Told me he was doing a job for this little 85 year-old woman who wanted him to work in his underwear because that’s the way her dear departed husband did.  He told her he couldn’t do briefs but would work in boxers and a V-neck t shirt.”
“Welcome to San Francisco,” I said.
“Porky told me you’re having some plumbing problems.  Am I going to be able to take a bath?”
“That Porky certainly is a talker.  Yes, you’ll have no problem, it’s just the kitchen sink that’s plugged.  I’ve had such a time with it this week.”
“Good!  I desperately need to soak in a nice hot tub.”
I thought she could have been a bit more sympathetic about my plumbing issues but I had to allow for her long walk and advancing years.  There are two types of senior citizens, those who have become so much more grateful in their declining years and thank you graciously for every little thing, and those that forget to be polite; they haven’t got the patience for it anymore.  I briefly and prematurely judged Celestine to be in the latter category.

A Distinguished Lack of Complaint
After her bath, Celestine knocked on the door to my private apartment, basically just two rooms at the end of the downstairs hallway – the kitchen and the old dining room that Arthur had converted to a bedroom and office.  She wanted advice on a place to eat.
“What about that place at the end of the block?” she asked.
She was referring to a restaurant on the corner that I pass by frequently.  The patrons tend to be toothy and tall – an affluent crowd.  Everyone in that restaurant is always smiling, as though you not only had to be rich to eat there, but happy too.  Or maybe miserable people (or the miserably rich) were allowed to eat there but the restaurant had such a beneficent affect on all who managed a reservation that they found themselves smiling like idiots despite their better judgment.
I’ve thought about eating there.  I often pass by the open door of the kitchen and it seems like a sane environment, not a lot of foreign curse words and the waitresses smoking by the door don’t seem stressed and close to breakdown.  But I see that small dining room with those huge plate glass windows and I keep thinking ‘Darwin’ and ‘Smithsonian display case’.
“It’s a bit stuffy and overpriced,” I said.  “Do you like Italian?”
“Love it.”
“Try Il Fornaio Caldo on Columbus, I think you’d enjoy that more.  After you’ve gone out, I’ll get your wet towels and empty your trash.”
“Thanks,” she said.  “I wrote a few suggestions in your book.”
Something inside me froze.  I don’t have a suggestion box at my establishment because I don’t wish to dangle opportunities to complain in front of my guests.  I do have a guest book where one is supposed to sign one’s name.  In ‘A Room of One’s Own,’ Virginia Woolf wrote that ‘the best writing is distinguished by its lack of complaint.’ I have this written on the front of my guest book.  Most find it funny and follow its dictum.
In the game of life, complaining can be a valuable survival skill.  If Virginia, poor thing, had only learned to complain more she might not have stuffed her pockets with stones and flushed herself into the river Thames.  Nevertheless, she exemplifies the kind of clientele I like to cultivate – people who would rather die than complain.
“Is there something wrong?” I asked.
“No, no, they’re just suggestions for other guests based on all the wonderful things I saw today.  See for yourself, I wrote right below the entry of the distinguished ‘Sir Reginald Barfley the Third, of Puketon Manor, Stand-in-Upchuck, England.’
“Sir Reginald was a thirteen year old from Bakersfield, California with poor hygiene.”
“I’d better run and get dinner.  Thanks, you’ve been fabulous.”
I grabbed a fresh set of towels and made my way upstairs to her room.  She had made the space her own within hours of her arrival – flowers on the mantel, a few books and magazines on the tables.  She had taped a picture to the wall – strictly forbidden, but in capitulation to my growing affection, lust even, tolerated.  Like some illicit drug from the Summer of Love, her odor was in the air and I inhaled it.



Chapter II: His Domain

Early riser
At 6:15 the next morning, I awoke to the sound of tapping at the back of the house.  I could see a smudged outline of someone behind the gauzy window panes of the door; my brain was barely functioning, but the equation Smudge = Porky got my attention.  I got up to see what he wanted and there he was, vim to my vinegar.
“Porky, what on earth are you doing here?”
“I came to work on the plumbing.”
“Are you out of your mind?”
“What are you asking me that for?  You’re a friend, you’ve got a bad situation, I’m here to help you out.  Early.  First Thing.  Top Priority.”
This sudden prioritizing of my needs above all others was unprecedented.
“Well, that’s great, it’s just early; I haven’t even put breakfast out yet.  Did you have breakfast?”
“Yeah.”
“Do you want anything else?”
“Yeah.”
“Well, come on in.  You can have some coffee and a muffin when they’re ready.”
Porky began his work down in the basement.  He came up for food around 7:00, fiddled a bit with the pipes under the sink, quickly returned to the basement and then began tripping back and forth between the various floors of the house so frequently that his aim soon became obvious: he was here to encounter Celestine, plumbing heal thyself.
In that he would be frustrated however, as would I, because Celestine had vanished.  For a guest to get out of the house in the morning without my awareness, means one of two things, either they left while I had nodded off or they had made great effort to leave without my knowing it.  The reason for this is the previously noted squawkiness of the house; you come in late, it waits up for you and gives you grief; you try to be discreet, it starts banging like the piano player at the whorehouse it used to be.  The house in fact responds to one’s every move with some sound or another in it’s own primitive language, much like the clicking tongues of certain ancient, isolated tribes of Africa.  Celestine is that rare guest with the grace of a large cat whose sinews move it silently to its destinations.
I noted that Porky’s interest in my plumbing plunged once he was made aware that Celestine was out for the day.
“I have to go now,” he said, after working the carpets of my floors more than the pipes he had come to disembowel.  “I’ll call you later.”
I went back to the kitchen to take stock of my supplies, made out a shopping list and called Tip to tell him I’d be out shopping.  I then boiled some water and washed the dishes, establishing a routine I imagined performing for the foreseeable future.

Sacred space
Half an hour later I lean into the parking lot of the supermarket with my car, a sensible Japanese auto made the same year I didn’t graduate from college for the second time, driving to a spot furthest from the store entrance.  There were plenty of parking spaces closer, as I arrived during the late morning lull but I’ve been trying to get more exercise and I never mind having a little slack space in my life.  As the door of the supermarket gives way magically before me, it occurs to me how much I really enjoy coming here, it’s like a humble temple where no one has chased out the money changers.
I apply a lot of grand thinking to the supermarket; lives are lived here, careers are made and broken and there are times when the supermarket reveals itself to be a nest of sexual intrigue. The product packaging exhibits a level of artistry belied by its ephemeral nature, though it’s easy to miss because of its ubiquity.  I often hear people in line for the deli discussing important political issues and the store’s advertising raises thought-provoking questions.
Of course, I tend to interpret even the most prosaic of questions as though they are of metaphysical import.  When the attractive clerk at the check-out stand asks me ‘Did you find everything you were looking for?, the only possible response to this question starts in childhood, any sooner than that and I feel like I’m leaving too much out.  ‘No, I didn’t find everything I was looking for; my life hasn’t been that easy,’ I tell her.  ‘I wanted better looking lovers, where were you then?  I wanted a powder blue 1968 El Camino; I never got one.’  Usually the Cashiers will say ‘Did you find everything you were looking for today?’  Does this mean they seriously think I could find everything I was ever looking for in one day?  Their aggressive friendliness is jarring  - Do they think this makes up for all those years when employees at the supermarket were physically distant and emotionally unavailable?
Now that I no longer abuse substances, the employees at my local supermarket have begun serving the same function that bartenders once did when I used to spend a lot of time at a local pub.  It was a classic pub in the sense that the patrons all loved and hated each other.  It was kind of back burner hate early in the evening that progressively became love as we increased our consumption of alcohol and drank our way into the night.  Those days are over; I’ve mastered the pyrotechnics of bridge burning and find that my extra hours spent at the supermarket are much more healing and healthy (all four food groups healthy!)
It’s true that I probably spend too much time at the supermarket but it doesn’t begin to approach the hours wasted at my previous haunt, that skuzzy old bar, which I now pass with disdain because it hasn’t changed and I have, because it still wallows in its filth and I’m clean and sober.
The supermarket on the other hand embraces change. They’ve given the store a beautiful make-over, which it sorely needed because it had been lingering too long in the seventies and our lifestyles have changed so much since then, at least that’s what the supermarket’s advertising says.
I think there must have been an awful lot of people everywhere in this country who made an awful lot of money these last few years because it now seems that everything is getting so fixed up and so nice.  I could do without the prices.  I thought the economy wasn’t doing so well, at least that’s what I keep hearing but you’d never know it the way people keep spending hand over fist on new houses and sport cars and botox and everything.  These days the lord giveth and giveth and giveth, apparently and doesn’t see the need to taketh away.  That must be nice for some people, for those that actually own the ownership society.

Get real estate
Uncle Arthur’s bequest had saved me from the humiliation of being an American without private property.  I know that certain public assets, like national parks and the Smithsonian, are held in trust for me but I don’t think I’ll ever see a dime from my investment with the government and too many of my other investments were in liquid assets of the type that keep company mascots like Jack Daniels afloat.  When you’re a forty year-old native-born American and you don’t own real estate or some large boat or car, then you have serious credibility issues.
Before I owned one of my own, houses stood out as a symbol of all that could go right in the world.  If I just owned my own home, I could stop being ashamed of all the crummy apartments and communal houses I had always lived in; I could ask girls over and impress them instead of leaving them disappointed and hard to get a hold of on the telephone.
Yet I’m now learning first hand what is meant by the phrase ‘house poor’.  I’m dragging a ball and chain with me now wherever I go and it has crumbling foundations and plumbing that will cry me a river.  Worst of all, I’m finding it no easier to get laid.  As if to remind me of the real costs of real estate, Tipton calls me on my cell phone.
“Where are you, Roy?” he asks with the concentrated intensity of a commando behind enemy lines.
“I’m at the supermarket.”
“You’re still at the supermarket?” he says, in a voice that prepares me for hysteria.  Something heavy must be going down at headquarters.
“Relax, Tip.  Have you got someone?”
“I’m negotiating now,” he states, with a gravitas that suggests he’s putting the finishing touches on the Treaty of Versailles.  “I think I’ve got them, they’d be coming in about half an hour.  I’ll call you right back.”
Manic telephone calls from Tip puncture my days.  Many people assume that when the house is empty I’m free to play but it doesn’t work that way.  It may be counter-intuitive, but only when the house is full am I assured of my right to the pursuit of happiness, which these days means wandering through retail establishments hoping to get laid. When I’ve got a full house, all I need do is the chores in the morning and then my day is open.  When the place isn’t filled to capacity, I’m chained to it because Tip is constantly trying to reel in some guests and I need to be there ready to show the empty rooms on short notice.
I go through my day knowing that at any minute I might be called back to the house to meet a guest.  This can of course be highly annoying; dinner parties, heart to heart talks; the last home stretch of orgasm – all these things could be interrupted at any moment.  To make this work, I often assign myself a role to play that heightens my sense of urgency.  That day I was a world-renowned brain surgeon that has been called to perform emergency surgery for a third world dictator.  It’s critical that the generalissimo gets back to his impoverished country in order to suppress the latest peasant uprising.
While waiting for Tip to call back, I wander over to the freezer section and start opening the doors, sticking my arm in to reach products that I quickly decide not to get.  I enjoy the sensation of freezing air on my arm but I don’t think frozen food is a very good deal – you’re paying a premium for all that air conditioning.  I like to leave the doors open for longer than I should and let the cold pour out into the aisle.  Several minutes go by like this before Tip calls back.
“Ok, they’re going into Jefferson for three nights, $85 per night.  They’re really sweet, English couple, I think you’ll really like them.  They’ll be there in about an hour or so.”
“Alright, then I’m going to zip over to the co-op real fast before they….”
“Don’t go to the food co-op!” Tipton shouts.  He’s a gay republican, of the Lincoln-Log cabin sort and he doesn’t like the lefty politics of the place.  In his mind I’d go there and become indoctrinated in the checkout line, abandoning my guests for some smarmy Sandanistas.  “Get home now just in case they’re early.  You’ve still got a mortgage you know!”
That was unkind.

Confined Anarchists
I’ve started going to the food co-op again since they moved into a large, open industrial building. I’d stopped going because when they were located in that tiny little space near the housing project, all the help used to be so rude – anarchists don’t do well in confined spaces – but they must have all been sent to re-education camp or something during the move (Tip swears they have replaced all the former employees and that none have been heard from since) because they’re pretty nice now and genuinely helpful.  Yes, one may laugh at the general air of self-righteousness.  But where else would I find bulk chestnut flour?  Who even knew someone spent the time pounding chestnuts to make flour?  That can’t be easy and who but the Marxists at the co-op would appreciate such difficult labor?
But the supermarket is by far the greater influence in my life.  Last year I had briefly contemplated growing out my fingernails in the style of Buddhist ascetics but was dissuaded when watching the troubled check-out clerk as she clickety-clacked my purchases on the cash register keys with the glossy lime-green, rhinestone-studded bayonets on the ends of her fingers.  She’s a full-figured Latina whom I wouldn’t mind sleeping with, whom I would in fact love to sleep with.  She has flirted with me, we flash each other coded messages with our eyes but her ardor cools noticeably once we’ve left the confines of the supermarket interior.  I feel a bond with her because she seems to find smiling difficult too, at least she does when she’s behind the cash register.
I’ve seen her several times hanging out in the parking lot after her shift with a younger, less handsome version of the kind of guy I once wanted to be. I realize with self-reproach that I’ve never been the type of guy that hangs out in parking lots, a defining habitat of American teenagers since the 1920’s.  It takes a particular kind of boy to patrol the asphalt, one with the ability to stop traffic, like a cop but with more obscene hand gestures and less formal dress – Marlon Brando.  I got the smoking and the drinking down all right, but not the posturing, that animal presence.
After depositing the groceries into my car, I push the cart back up twenty parking spaces, feeling morally superior for having made the journey to return the cart to its proper resting place, the carriage corral where I expect to find others of the genus grazing.  Most people are lazy and abandon their shopping carts haphazardly as though they’re just stalled bumper cars and the ride’s over.
I look unkindly upon the elderly woman who is also pushing her empty cart across an unreasonable distance of the parking lot.  She seems bent on matching my every altruistic gesture.  Earlier, in the store, she’d been behind me offering tearful thanks because I had thoughtfully placed the little bar that distinguishes one shopper’s purchases from another’s on the conveyer belt at the check-out stand.  I sometimes wonder about people who are overly thankful for trifles; what sort of Hell-hole of incivility did they live in during their formative years that makes them so damn ingratiating?
As I drive from my parking space out of the lot she too approaches the exit and I surprise her by surging ahead, cutting her off in a reckless manner.  I can see her look of dismay in the rear-view mirror as the colorful trinkets I have hanging from it sway with the violence of my maneuver and I realize I may be triggering her nervous breakdown.

There will always be an excuse for England
The English couple arrives a bit late. “Sorry,” they say in cute-as-buttons British accents. They’re the sort of travelers who wear their T shirts like heraldic blazons, each new city or theme park is another quartering, another mark of distinction and belonging. Judging from their casual attire, they had visited Carlsbad Caverns and a theme park in Florida where I’d once thrown-up all over several retired cartoon characters.  She was freckled and bony with a big, lumpy bottom, as though she was an overly hugged toy whose stuffing had all been squeezed downward. He appeared less loved, with all his stuffing intact. I invited them in but they would only go so far before they needed prodding, thus our relationship became established early.
“Come on, come inside,” I said to them.
“Sorry,” they said again, as an apology for crossing my path.
“That’s it, go over there,” I said as I pointed toward the living room.
I seated them on the couch, and thinking to make a joke, I jovially blurted out, “So, what’s so great about Great Britain?”  They appeared puzzled and then gave quick reflexive smiles that looked like part of some exercise regimen I might want to consider.
I gave them a pen and their registration card to fill out.  She handed me a major credit card and I took down the number.  He tried to hand me back the pen I’d given them but dropped it onto the floor.
“Sorry,” he said.
I handed them their key and showed them how to operate the lock.  She gave me a questioning look.
“Sorry,” she said, “but does that mean we can come and go as we like or is there a curfew?”
“Sorry,” I replied, “but I’m not that much of a nanny; you’ll be on your own to do as you like, except for eating in your rooms and leaving the toilet seat up.”
The English substitute the word sorry for more appropriate phrases like ‘excuse me’, ‘not now’ or ‘piss off you fat cow’.  But I wonder, with their promiscuous use of the word ‘sorry’, what happens when a situation arises where they must truly apologize for an egregious wrong?  What could one plausibly say, I’m really, really, really sorry, honestly and deeply sorry?  The English are an apologetic race; one can only assume they have much to apologize for.
I showed them to their room and then went downstairs.  It was dark by then and I wondered where Celestine was.  Tip calls to make sure that the English folks are happy.
“Did they show?”
“They’re here, all show and no tell.  Talking to them is like pulling teeth out of snails.”
“Just be your usual charming self and remember how much richer they’ve made you - $255, for you it’s practically a leap to the next tax bracket.”
“Speaking of taxes, Tip, how are mine coming?”
“I’m still working on them,” he says with agitation.  “I told you I’d have them and I will, don’t worry about it.”
“Ok, I’m just asking.”

Bad Cop/Badder cop
I give him the credit card number so he can charge it.  With guests I pretend that Tip is just one of many anonymous agents busy in their cubicles hunting down the best prices for deserving travelers like themselves.  Tip pretends that he actually is all those many agents working at Go-Go Travel, PO Box 1635, San Francisco, CA 19053.  He’s Tipton the efficient and friendly civic booster, but also Clemente, the flaming Latino who “sthpeeksth like deesth with an Andalusthian leesthp” and Violet, the bitch who lies and responds to teary guests with stone silence and angry little questions like “So, you think I’m supposed to do what?”
Although the guests think we’re autonomous professionals who barely know each other, the truth is Tipton couldn’t be more intimately ensnarled in Golden Rules.  He and Uncle Arthur had worked out a business model that had as its foundation the Good Cop/Bad Cop system employed so effectively by police detectives while shaking down suspects on TV.
It works something like this: A tourist talks to ‘Violet’ in the morning, she tells him about a fabulous B&B in North Beach and quotes him a price of $95 a night if he books for three nights, otherwise it’s $150 per.  The tourist arrives later that evening at my house as a guest who then proceeds to tell me he and his wife will be staying only one night and that he spoke with Violet the travel agent and she said he could have the room for $85 for the night.  I act really nice and say,
“HHmm, that’s not what Violet told me, but she may be mistaken, let me call her so we can straighten out the mix-up.”
The guest suddenly looks like he’s about to come down with Montezuma’s Revenge.  He hadn’t figured on my being able to get a hold of Violet at 7pm.
“Hi, Violet?  Ok…..Hello, Violet.  Yeah, it’s Roy at Golden Rules. Good.  Listen, there’s a guest here who is taking my double for one night and he says you quoted him eighty-fi – uh, huh….uh, huh….right.  Ok, why don’t you talk to him.”  I pass the phone to the guest, whose expression sours.  He barely gets a word in because Violet’s feeling pretty mouthy and his face colors as it nods up and down.  His whole body is rocking as he hangs up the phone.  I act very sympathetic and say something like,
“Sorry for the mix-up, Violet’s pretty hard nose about that kind of thing.  Believe me, if it were up to me, I wouldn’t have had a problem with it.  But we have to stick to our agreements with these travel agents, and it’s pretty much their call.”
Thus I come out of the fracas unsullied and I actually pick up extra points as the nice (by comparison with nasty Violet,) innkeeper who has the best interests of his guests at heart.

Jesus Christ Super-Size
After dinner a few hours later, I pondered how best to spend my evening; I had bills to pay, calls to return, books that remained unread and various abandoned projects of a somewhat artistic nature.
Instead, I turned on the television and found religion.
God is everywhere it seems, and I wish the F.C.C. would do something about it.  I can’t flip over those religious channels on Cable fast enough; they pass by in a blur of three thousand-dollar suits, mascara and tonsils at the back of big open mouths.  People who send money to those tele-evangelists are dumb as dirt.  And when they ask ‘What would Jesus do?’ the answer is immediately clear: change the channel!
And yet I didn’t.  No, I sat and watched and was amazed at the size of all those Born Again Christians. They ran the gamut from pudgy to monstrously obese. I’d hate to be in the deep end of the baptismal font when they all dive in.  The television Catholics, by contrast seemed half-starved, even when they were overweight.
It can’t be mere coincidence that Americans are getting fatter and more Christian at the same time. Every year we have to keep cutting a few more holes on the Bible Belt because the number of Americans who profess to have found Christ seems to be increasing right in sync with their expanding waistlines. Soon the numbers of the devout will be greater than the actual population, a seeming impossibility that would only go to show that His ways are truly miraculous.
Have you noticed that Jesus, like more and more of the characters on TV sitcoms and advertising has been putting on weight? Now that the consumer is King of Kings, we will gradually remake Jesus in our image until he has a hard time getting into a 42” waist God frock. Jesus Christ Super-size or Fat Jesus for the politically incorrect.
The fact that the geographical spread of conservative religious fatties and godless gym-toned liberals aligns closely with those of slave and free states before the Civil War doesn’t bode well for the future of the country. One can only let out the Mason-Dixon line so far before it starts ripping at the seams.
What happens when the Slaves-to-the-Second-Helping States declare war on the Gluten-Cruelty-Sugar-Free-Range States?  The array of opposing armies would present an interesting picture of politically charged body types.  People all over the East and West coasts are hitting the gym more frequently than the down home fatties in Southern and Mid-Western rural areas, who these days aren’t living off the fat of the land, they are the fat of the land.  Bibles aren’t the only things they’ll be thumping – engrossed body parts will be bumping and grinding against one another in a mad, exhausting push for the front lines. Can you imagine the nightmare of trying to provide enough carbohydrates to an army of those roly-poly rebs? And those obsessive gluttons for punishment in the north would be falling all over each other to get into Andersonville.
Gone into the fashion dump of history are the blue and the grey.  The South would model their uniforms on those provided to workers at one of our most successful fast-food chains and the North would wear tight sweats and tube socks and those chic little electronic devices that store more music than one could possibly listen to in one lifetime.  Of course these days the south definitely has the industrial edge.

Tuck inn
After turning the TV off at ten, I made one more patrol around the house.  Upstairs, the English couple were in their room doing something that required much zipping and unzipping.  Celestine’s room was dark and the door was open, which made me worry just a bit.  I emptied the trash from the shared bathroom and took it downstairs to the kitchen – Where was she?  Do women of her age stay out this late?  Should I be worried?  I was worried, but should I be?  I contemplated possible outcomes of Celestine’s day, concocting several grim scenes of violence and then morphing these into pornographic fantasies involving Celestine and the hot Latina at the supermarket.
Soon after, as I drifted off to sleep, I heard footfalls on the front stoop, the turning of a key in the front door lock and the creaking of the stairs as Celestine climbed them.  For a few moments I became more alert and then suddenly fell asleep.



Chapter III: Lives Touched by Tragedy


I coaxed the English couple downstairs for breakfast around 7:30 and then sent them off in a direction that would get them as far away from England as one could get in San Francisco.
When I went upstairs to make their bed and tidy up their room, I noticed Celestine’s walking shoes outside of her closed door, indicating she was safely tucked into her room, and judging from the quiet, still asleep.  I thought the shoes outside the door was a cute, old-fashioned touch.  Had she years ago stayed in some pensione in Italy where the elderly proprietors shined shoes for their young Americana?  They weren’t the sort of shoes that would take a shine but I was so full of my infatuation with this woman that I found myself wanting to please her at every turn.  I took the boots downstairs, gave them a full scrubbing and filled them with sprigs of bougainvillea and ferns I had growing on the side of the house, before replacing them in front of her door.  Then I went downstairs to make a fresh pot of coffee.
Breakfast runs from 7am to 9am, after that, if no one is at the table, I begin rapidly putting everything away.  I will however leave the food and coffee out longer for some guests, if I like them and think they may be down shortly.  I’d looked forward to chatting with Celestine over the breakfast table, so I decided to leave everything as is until she came down, no matter how late.  I hadn’t seen her for a whole day, a significant amount of time in the life of a tourist, as one can see by the following Travel Industry formula: 1 Tourist Day = 2 Human Days = 14 Dog Days.

Unspeakable tragedies
I called Tip around 8 just to check in.  He reported that the tourist landscape looked bleak but fingers crossed, he was hoping for a fresh kill before sundown.  Business was bad – for everyone, not just us.  Hotels were laying people off; small inns were closing.  What a contrast with the years before the dot-com dreams went sour and the tragedies of September 11, namely the destruction of the Twin Towers, the attack on the Pentagon and the automobile accident that took out Uncle Arthur.
When I tell people that my Uncle Arthur died on 9/11, they get all misty, moved against further inquiry so as not to pry into the sacred.  They make me understand with their facial distortions that they feel deeply for my unspeakably tragic loss.  Arthur, of course, was nowhere near the East Coast catastrophes.  He was meandering through ground zero of an intersection so perilous it makes the Basra-Baghdad Highway look like a cake-walk.
As one ascends Market Street from downtown up towards Twin Peaks, a large double hill shaped like Barbie’s tits, one passes through many intersections where confusion greets the coming together of roads, but by far the most dangerous is the asphalt free-for-all near the Castro, where Market Street, all six lanes of it with a street car running down the middle, Noe Street, 16th Street, and a couple bus lines, converge.  Add onto this treacherous field the militant bicycle riders, the aggressive cruising tactics of throngs of gay men, (which leave them less attentive to traffic patterns, or, if driving, to unattractive pedestrians,) the drag queens and lipstick lesbians with their perilous heels, truckloads of diesel dykes, dog-walkers, stoned beggars weaving on and off of sidewalks and you have a recipe for disaster.
(When I think of that intersection I always see that famous image from the early days of rail before they quite knew what they were doing, the one where the train has burst through the Parisian architecture and landed on the street out front.)
Arthur wasn’t the only one to die that day; he struck a pedestrian before driving the car up and over a small cast iron fence and finally expiring.  I tried to help the investigating officers piece together the circumstances that led to such a tragedy.  It seemed that Arthur had had a heart attack, causing him to lose control of the car.  What puzzled the police was that Arthur had known his victim – it was his psychiatrist!  To further complicate matters, this psychiatrist had received several death threats in the weeks leading up to his death.  This led, implausibly, to the theory that Arthur had been on an assassin’s mission gone awry. I assured them that he never took any of his doctors seriously enough to want to harm them and I pointed out that Arthur, though he was not averse to doing strange things for money (as evidenced by the conversion of his home into a bed and breakfast,) had never even gotten a traffic ticket, let alone been involved in any killings for hire.  Privately however, I couldn’t help wonder if he’d had the heart attack first or if he’d gunned the car to take out his psychiatrist and then had the attack.  We’ll never know.
The car that Arthur died in is in fact the one currently used by me.  It only needed a little bodywork and it was fine.  Sometimes, if I think a guest finds the macabre titillating, I take them for a drive in it, tell them the story and embellish it a bit by mentioning the blood stains that occasionally appear on the carpet and then mysteriously disappear again.  They lap it up like kittens to cream.

Greed
In those days before the dot-com crash our guests lapped up everything we placed in front of them.  We actually had people outbidding each other for rooms, desperate for anything and we took their desperation straight to the bank.  Although it wasn’t my business then, I’d often help Tipton and Uncle Arthur out.  I needed the cash and Arthur’s health was starting to decline; he’d had a stroke that he rapidly recovered from but it left him feeling and looking much older.
San Francisco was in the midst of a boom then, everyone getting rich off smoke and mirrors and silicon chips.  The more prosperous citizens of the city were locked in a stranglehold of greed and self-importance.  They felt particularly important in their enormous, option loaded automobiles as they heedlessly asserted their right of way.  Walking was too pedestrian, and if you were one, you took your life in your hands.  Once, as I was crossing Mission Street in the cross walk, a left-turning car careened point blank toward my lower body; I was literally inches away from road kill.  So when I dared confront the driver over his reckless driving, do you know what he said to me in response, all miffed and snotty?
“I let you go!”
The arrogance was incredible.  It was like being an extra in some 1930's Hollywood film about the French Revolution, 'A Tale of Two Cities' or something and you were one of the straw filled dummies being run over by an aristocrat's coach.  You were always getting in the way of people trying to cash in and if you weren't cashing in (and how could you be if you were walking, not running and squealing like hogs to the trough), you were unworthy of consideration.
But Caveat Emptor! – be careful, all you careful consumers with your hedge funds and your hedges between your houses.  Beware, all you sitting pretty people, you buttoned up, tucked in people with your thread counts of over 300, your 401k’s, your Fortune 500 portfolios, your XL2000 series automobiles – your number is out there and the numbers do get called.
As many of my peers were busy accumulating wealth, I solidified my position as a member of a distinct class of middle-aged individuals whose creativity and odd illnesses have impoverished them while leaving them with no great bodies of work but their own lumpen flesh.  They are distinguished by their intelligence and by the vehemence of their arguments and their accusations; by the traces of bitterness licked by their tongues like the line of sticky residue on an envelope.  They are possessed by nostalgia for the moneyed life they may only briefly have lived and all their achievements are unfinished prototypes for events that never happen.  They become isolated and haunted, intimates of all things dead, attendants of past lives rather than their own present ones. The more ambitious and energetic among them become re-enactors of Civil War battles or eccentric docents in house museums.
The times did not encourage one to feel charitably disposed toward strangers (no money in it) and who are the unfortunate people but strangers, people we go out of our way to keep at a distance?  We take extra care that the hems of our trousers just barely skirt the street corner lay-abouts, their swollen feet and ankles like new potatoes in the oven, shiny and red and burnt – about to burst, it would seem, from steam below the skin.  But for bad timing, they might have hit their marks.  With good luck they might have avoided catastrophe, but catastrophe met them half way.  Is home something misfortunate people can ever hope to have?
Be kind to strangers, the Greeks used to say; they may be gods in disguise.  Sometimes I tell myself, as I’m stepping over them on the sidewalk, don’t forsake life’s losers; they may hold the keys to your happiness.

The lioness in winter
When Celestine finally made it down for breakfast around ten-thirty, she looked worn and smiled oddly.  If she was a lioness, this morning she was a wounded one.
“There you are!” I declared grandly, as she stepped down from the stairs to the hallway still clutching the banister.  Then, sensing that she required something else from me that day but unable to stop my performance I demanded with mock gravitas, “What have you done?”
“What?” she barked.  It sounded like an accusation.
“I mean what have you been doing, I missed you yesterday.”
“Oh, yes.  What have I done?”  She laughed sardonically.  “What have I done?  That’s the real question.”  She wasn’t quite ready to come back yet from the distant place she’d traveled to since last time I saw her.  “I’m sorry, I’m just tired,” she said, batting the air in front of her face as though shooing a fly away, but there wasn’t one. “Thank you for the flowers in my shoes this morning, that was so sweet.  I felt like the girl in that little nursery rhyme, ‘rings on her fingers and bells on her toes, she shall have music wherever she goes.’
“You left out ‘and bougainvillea in her booties,’” I added, trying to draw out the woman I had been so impressed with.
“And did you clean them too?” she asked in a high-pitched voice.
“I gave them a good, quick scrub.”
“I thought so.  Oh, you’ve left breakfast out,” she said as if she didn’t quite understand.  “But it’s after ten-thirty.”
“I thought you might like a little something, so I left it.  No big deal.”
“Thank you,” she said.  Her movement to the table was slow and cautious, like she expected the floor to give out from under her.  Obviously something had happened, something that had scooped out the very core of her. I moved indirectly toward an explanation or at least some clue.
“You are a mysterious woman,” I said.
“No, just private,” she answered, meeting my eyes with her own, bringing my inquiry to a halt.
“Nothing is more mysterious or harder to come by these days than privacy.  I have to go finish the laundry, just knock if you need anything.” I said.  Some in my position would have apologized for being too nosy after hearing the discouraging tone in Celestine’s voice, but there’s nothing more repellant to me than service industry obsequiousness.  In order to maintain my authority, it’s important for me to just be who I am, the nosy inn-keeper without apology, which when offered only suggests to guests that I’ve said or done something that is cause for offense.  I serve on my own terms.

De-privatization
I’ll never cede my right to know those things a guest can’t hide but I do respect privacy, something that exists more in theory for the host of a bed and breakfast, and though I don’t read my guests their Miranda rights, my investigations are limited to evidence in plain view. Whatever you are concealing, I will never unzip, unsnap or unroll your secret.
I was frustrated Celestine wouldn’t open up to me. I’ve become what I previously despised, namely one of those California ‘feeling’ solicitors; my conversations are often cross-examinations, sifting for emotional content, that New Age California gold.  Typically I’ll meet a total stranger, (in the past, this would have been accomplished in a bar, now most likely in the supermarket or out on dog patrol,) she’ll launch right into her messy divorce before we even know each others’ names. I respond with my war stories about former girlfriends and here’s where I best her because I bring up my alcohol addiction and the horrible effect alcohol has had on my relationships (the truth is more complex; it was often the glue that held them together.) She then tells a sad (but disturbingly exciting) tale of how, from the age of 13 to 15, she was the sex toy of her mother’s elder brother and on and on it goes.  If it ends well, we sleep together, if not, then we go our separate ways feeling like we’ve been seen shitting in public.
People in San Francisco, the real San Franciscans, (by which I mean the moths attracted to it’s flame, not the ones born within its limits) want you to fold out for them your emotional map. Where is your affliction? Where is your pain? Show me on the map, where does it hurt? They know that once you have unfolded your sorrows, you’ll never be able to fold them up again in quite the same way; the creases will show.

Neighborly chat
Before I had a chance to finish emptying the clothes dryer, the doorbell rang.  As I walked my long strides down the hallway I could hear Celestine pouring herself more coffee. I opened the front door to find Porky with a hybrid goatish/sheepish grin on his face.
“Hi, Roy, is this a good time to work on the plumbing?”  Now it was my turn to look confused, which I do by compressing everything on my face towards my nose, then I put my right hand onto my forehead and slide it over my head down to my neck, which I scratch.  All of this and more I did before I finally said,
“Hi, Porky, come on in.”  He started pushing his way in before I even had time to get out of the way and his tool bucket banged me in the shins as he went past.
“Ouch!” I said.  And he answers,
“Hi, Celestine!”  Filipino-Americans don’t say ‘sorry’ nearly as often as the English do.
“Well, hello Porky,” Celestine says, in such a way that I’m not sure if she’s really glad to see him or just being polite.  By now she’s really gotten herself together and Porky doesn’t witness the spectacle of decline I’d seen earlier.
“Listen, I have something for you,” he says to her as he pulls out a painter’s cap.
“Oh, you brought me one of those hats, thank you so much.  This will be just the thing for gardening.  I love this extra wide brim.  What do you think Roy?” she asks me as she tries it on.  I think Porky and I need to talk.
“It’s lovely. Porky, let’s get you started on that plumbing, because I need to go out and do some errands.”  He doesn’t budge.  This is several minutes of his life that he refuses to share with me.
“Listen, Celestine, I was thinking, I know this great seafood place down in Bay Shore, best in the city and today’s Thursday, which is all you can eat fried clams.  Heaven.  And they have this great beer selection.  You can watch me drink and see my face turn ten shades of red.”
Celestine laughs and asks, “Are you allergic?”
“No, it’s just an Asian thing.”
“You know my kitchen faucet is just an Asian thing too; it’s made in Japan,” I say, but I no longer exist for Porky, and Celestine is basking in male attention.
“That sounds lovely Porky, is that an invitation?” she asks.
“I forgot to tell you, they have a deck right on the water.  How about I pick you up around four?” he asks
“Well, let’s see,” Celestine pauses to think.  “I’d planned on being in the Mission neighborhood this afternoon, how would we work our meeting?”
“I have a job in the Castro!” Porky shouts; I half expect him to jump in the air and land in one of those cheerleader crotch splits.  “I’ll pick you up in front of Mission Dolores at four.  Perfect!”
Oh, how I’ve come to hate that word – ‘perfect’.
“I’ll see you later Celestine, four o’clock, don’t forget,” Porky says as he sails past me.  He’s almost out the door when I yell,
“Tools, Porky!”
He jogs back in to retrieve his bucket and says to me,
“I’ll talk to you later, Roy.”
“Can you believe him?” I say to Celestine in exasperation as the door slams shut.
“Oh, I think he’s sweet.  A sweet man and very amusing.”
I was now feeling embarrassed somehow, like I’d lost a skirmish in front of my lady fair and I retreated with the usual banalities about enjoying one’s day and not doing anything I wouldn’t do, which I gave extra emphasis.  I doubt Porky had mentioned his wife; he wasn’t wearing his wedding ring, but that’s usually the case when he’s working.  I didn’t think it was my place to tell Celestine about it because she was above all my guest and rule number one is never make a good guest feel bad.
I heard Celestine retreat upstairs and then the rush of water coming down from the toilet as it coursed through the pipes in the wall.  I went back out to the dining area, quickly gathered the remains of breakfast onto my little dinner cart and rolled them back to the kitchen.  Shortly the phone rang and an excited Tipton informed me of guests imminently arriving.
“Ok, are you ready to pump some new life into your bank account?” he asked.
“Always,” I replied.
“You are going to have a full house tonight.”
“Oh my God, that hasn’t happened in weeks.”
“Well, pinch yourself, because it’s real.  Family of four taking Septimus and Jefferson.  I talked to the wife who has an accent, sort of Indian or Saudi Arabian or something.  The kids are young, they’ll sleep in the twin beds, parents will take the double in Septimus.  That’s two nights at $150 per, so $300 total to be paid in cash.  They’re coming by car and they’ll be there in about an hour or so.  I told them they could have the parking space.”
“Ok, I’ll go move my car,” I promised.

Pinky
I brought out some folded towels to bring upstairs just as Celestine was coming down.  I wedged the towels underneath my left arm, opened the front door with my right hand and stepped out onto the porch with her to admire the fine day.  As I had every reason to expect, there was Pinky, Porky’s wife, standing on her porch right next door.
Pinky is petite and round, her face still lit with the mischievousness of a ten year old. Every morning after her daily household cleaning, a three-hour effort she usually finishes by 11 o’clock, she struts out onto her porch like an inspecting admiral on the deck of her vessel, one with state of the art, fully functioning plumbing.  There she stands for twenty minutes or so, watching all that passes, in such a way that makes you realize this is one of her chores also, one that requires only a beaming smile to accomplish, another skill of hers acquired from endless repetition.
Pinky was such a master of fastidiousness that she made my now considerable house cleaning skills look amateurish.  The inside of her house was immaculate, every surface sterilized, just sitting tight, ready for a photo shoot or major surgery. Her achievement was all the more admirable considering what a slob Porky was.
After the kids had grown up, she and Porky had decided to take on boarders and had converted the first floor into two separate apartments, which was easily achieved, as that had been the arrangement when they’d bought the house thirty years before.  Porky had earlier converted the apartments into bedrooms for their two sons, which had assisted them in developing an early self-sufficiency that would see them both leaving home soon after high school.  He had, however, removed the stoves and refrigerators at Pinky’s insistence.  Although she encouraged her boys to fend for themselves at an early age, in the realm of food she would always be their master and they her hungry vassals.
Their sister, the youngest child, was discouraged from venturing too far out into the world and was looked upon by the other four members of the family as a little slip of a celebrity that needed the constant protection of her entourage.  This was the perfect breeding ground for rebellion and as she matured she became something of a handful.  All this I would only find out later, of course.
I don’t know what Porky and Pinky stipulated in their adverts for boarders, but the inhabitants of those apartments, beings whom we could only observe, never communicate with, wouldn’t let themselves be known.  They seemed to exist in an entirely different dimension, completely unaware of the lives being lead next doors, all around them.  Pinky cleaned up after, and even made meals for, these ethereal beings yet not only were they never a topic of conversation but neither she nor Porky had ever even once acknowledged their existence to me.

“Hi, Pinky,” I called over to her.  And then to Celestine, I said, (I’m such an asshole sometimes,) “That’s Pinky, Porky’s wife.”  Well, she didn’t skip a beat; she says hello to Pinky and then looks back at me with a knowing smile and the devil in her eye and says coyly,
“Goodbye, Roy, I’ll expect more than bougainvillea in my booties when I get back this evening.”  Subsequent discoveries would render this a moot point.



Chapter IV: Too Much Information


After saying goodbye to Celestine late that morning, I went upstairs and began tidying up her room.  She had made her own bed as many guests, usually female, do.  For some people making the bed is a ritual they are unwilling to cede to anyone else, even a professional like myself, but I always undo their handiwork because for me it’s a control issue and I need to keep subtly reinforcing the fact that I’m the one in control.  I undid what Celestine had wrought and gave her new sheets and pillowcases even though she’d only be here a total of two nights.  Usually I only change the bedding for a week’s stay or longer, but I wanted Celestine to come home to fresh sheets and I considered the possibility that I might be sharing them with her that evening.
I dusted all of Mimi’s surfaces including the marble fireplace and spritzed the mirror above it with a popular, inoffensively perfumed blue liquid that I’d just purchased at the supermarket, before wiping it clean to that high pitch of squeakiness promised in the product’s advertising.
I quickly vacuumed the rug and prepared to empty the waste basket.  Celestine had set all recyclable materials beside it.  She was a heavy juice drinker and therefore probably quite regular.  Such things are of some interest to me as they are predictors of future bathroom use and abuse.  I slowly tipped the basket, letting its contents reveal themselves as they tumbled into the trash bag. I found a gauzy cloud of grey-blonde hair shot through with sprinklings of yellowed finger and toenails.  A severed plastic ring from one of the juice bottles rested precariously in the middle of it.  The layer below the hair consisted of cotton balls and cleaning pads smeared with waxy yellows and blushes of tawny pink.  Below this, on a bed of yet more hair, I hit pay dirt – handwritten notes.
The notes people leave behind can often be quite revealing and Celestine’s were no exception. They were long lists of grievances and names of friends and family members all committed to the pages of one of those pocket sized spiral binders and they made my stomach sink.  They were disturbing.  ‘Why should I be treated like that?  Like she was?’ they wondered.  ‘Mom and Dad had no time.  Does that mean Jonathon was lying?’  ‘When did Debbie start backstabbing me?’  ‘I was such a good child, why has everyone turned on me?’  ‘Why can’t people just be nice?’  And on and on they went.  Poor Celestine, I thought, she’s damaged.  I felt sympathetic and superior and relieved that I would have to stop this unsavory sexual attraction for a woman old enough to be my mother.  I panicked briefly, recovered, then started panicking all over again, thinking it would be difficult to extricate myself from our advancing flirtation.
I saved Celestine’s little book of sorrows and emptied the wastebasket into the large trash bag in a rush, because it now seemed best to detach myself from any remnant of her existence.  I hurried downstairs and called Tip to talk about Celestine’s mental health.
“So, Celestine, who’s staying in Mimi? – I found something really weird, all these bizarre psycho-babble notes in her trash.  Really creepy.”
“Ay, Carumba,” Tip says, in character as Clemente.
“Tip, this is serious.  I mean these notes are crazy, certifiably crazy.  Listen to this, ‘I won’t do it.  I won’t do it.  I won’t do it…..’ written twenty times on one little piece of paper.  And this, ‘I’m a big girl, I can play with sharp knives, daddy doesn’t care anymore.’ Look, I know I have to be at the house this evening to meet the people in Jefferson and Aldaric, but I’m going to keep all the lights off in back and just sit there in the dark while I wait for them and just pray Celestine doesn’t come home while I’m checking them in.”
“Is that really necessary?” Tip asks me.
“Tip, I think Celestine is expecting me to sleep with her.”
“Eeewww!  Grody.  So what gave her that idea?” he asks belligerently.
“I was flirting with her, you know, just to be friendly and make her feel good.  I think she’s ready to take it to the next level.”
“Oh, you mean like stabbing you repeatedly in the shower?”
“Don’t even joke about that.  Don’t!”
“Ok, so you’ll be home sitting in the dark, I can deal with that.”
“Good.  I’ll have some stuff to do on the computer.   Don’t call me on the house phone; call me on my cell, I’ll have it on vibrate.”
“Ooooh,” he says, and I detect a hint of Clemente in the reaction.
“Meanwhile, I’ll be out doing some errands in the neighborhood.”

Consumer Price Complex
I was soon out the door and onto the sidewalk.  Having lived here for almost two years now, I know every individual rectangle of concrete, each delineated by score lines drawn to relieve the force of pounding, skipping, shuffling feet; I’m familiar with all the contractor’s names and their emblems cast into concrete seventy, forty or just five years ago – the diamonds of DiPetro Contracting and the shamrocks of O’Donnel Stone and Concrete, etc. I could map out for you all the tight little nooks where the wind deposits all the trash and yard debris it has whipped up elsewhere and the crannies that purse cigarette butts and pennies.
Sometimes when I’m walking on the sidewalk I feel like I’m getting shorter and shorter, my legs are telescoping down into the ground, the opposite of those graphic images of evolution, The Ascent of Man, seen in children’s encyclopedias with creatures crawling from the sea, gradually finding their legs.  No longer looking like things of the water but unable to progress to the air, they stop stooping and claim the earth underneath their feet. That’s just the way I feel in reverse, as I’m walking down into the sidewalk:  I begin erect, then fall to stooping, hands dragging the ground, breaking through the crust to the sneaky streams and smothered wetlands biding their time: They swallow me.
Thanks to the civilized art of accumulation, my devolution is stayed and my feet remain firmly planted on the ground.  Shopping in the neighborhood used to be a pretty straightforward, uncomplicated affair before I actually lived here.  I would stop to do my business in one place then move directly on to the next.  The shopkeepers didn’t know my name and I didn’t feel compelled to force a smile when I greeted them.
I’m not the kind of person who has much sentiment for Mom and Pop stores.  Sure they can be sweet sometimes, but they also beg the question – Would I want to shop at a store run by my mother and father?  There are people who get nostalgic recalling some collective memory of small stores run by generations of one family, though they may never have experienced such a phenomenon themselves.  Some even get enraged at the proliferation of those large national warehouse chains and look upon them as abattoirs that kill and process our souls.
Please.
Intelligent consumers realize that shopping requires a more holistic approach.  A good shopper is forged in the fires of price gouging.  Once you’ve paid too much for something, you vow never to let it happen again.  Your senses sharpen; your blood cools.  Discipline is essential – you buy only those products that previous experience has taught you are the best value when bought at location ‘A’, for instance.  You don’t buy them anywhere else and you don’t buy anything at your location ‘A’ that you can get cheaper at another store.
When Mom and Pop stores offer the best value on something I’m happy to shop there.  And of course sometimes you do, for logistical reasons, have to buy something from them that forces you to part with a pint of blood.  But this should only be a rare, isolated instance of weakness.  Don’t substitute convenience for conscientiousness.  I will always remember the brazen attempts to rip me off perpetrated by the shopkeepers at my local bodega when I lived in the Mission.  They didn’t even try to disguise the fact that every time I went in there they shorted me on change.  ‘Oh, sorry about that,’ they’d say.  It always gave them a good chuckle but I had the last laugh; they lost their store to a condo development and there’s now one of those faceless, ubiquitous but honest chain coffee shops there on the corner where they used to be.  When I patronize it, I choose one of the tables located just about where the cashier register used to be in the old Bodega Rip-offeria.
Now that I have lived in North Beach for a while, the local shopkeepers know me by name and I have to say, it’s made running errands a lot more complicated – so much so that I sometimes long for the anonymity of big chain stores.  As I’ve come to learn the hard way, small retail establishments can be a bit too personal.
I’m only half way through my first errand and already there’s trouble up ahead; a customer is arguing at the cash register.  I’m waiting in line at the hardware store, watching impatiently as the proprietors torture an English language that will never tell them or anyone else what they want it to. I pray the next transaction will pass quickly without incident and that I’ll be allowed to pay for my purchase before cobwebs start forming around my feet.
The shopkeepers are from China and have the harsh materialism of immigrants arisen from abject poverty; they have known hardships I will never experience and shoo the various sad souls who wander into their establishment, a beach-head on the shores of prosperity, out the doors like they were rabid dogs.  I dislike the wife and commiserate with the defeated husband.  Due to my antipathy for her, I have off-shored most of my hardware needs to the big box retail store on the edges of the city.  When I make large purchases there, I think of this woman and all the money she won’t be getting from me.
“Hello, how are you,” the wife says to me with a buttery smile that turns into a whip when she addresses her husband in a dialect of Chinese that is dissonant and hard on my ears.  She practically bows when I hand her the money, obviously more to the currency in my hand than to my person.  “Oh, thank you very much, eh.  You come again, thank you, please, you come again.”
My hardware experience steels me for the inevitable tussling with the rude customers and salespeople at my next stop, the local Goodwill, a virtue one assumes the organization possessed at its founding but which it now seems to have goodwill-fully shucked off.  I guess you could say I have issues with Goodwill.  Admittedly, I’ve never quite gotten over the store’s switch from straightforward and easily detached price stickers to the more complex ones with Zorro-inspired incisions.  It used to be so easy to lift a corner with a fingernail grown long for that purpose, then work it off one cheap item and place it onto another more expensive one.  The stickers would bunch up, so extra care was needed to burnish them with the flat of your fingernail so that nothing looked suspicious.  Who knows how many hundreds of dollars I saved this way, dollars I then promptly reinvested at the Painkiller, that loathsome bar near my old apartment.
I cross the street and as I approach the door to Goodwill, I’m accosted by this grizzly white guy asking for money. He hasn’t bathed, shaved, cut his hair or washed his threadbare clothing in a very long time.
He has replaced the more personable black gentleman who is moving on up several blocks in the world to the higher-end stores up the hill.  Sometimes I give him money because he always smiles and says something nice as he opens the door for me, but this guy with all the hair and the old over-coat is a bit menacing and I give him nothing.
He doesn’t appear to be doing very well, I can see that his cup is empty in more ways than one.  Clearly he’s going about this the wrong way.  I briefly consider coaching him but decide against it.  All I would have said to him was that commedia trumps pathos when it comes to the pocket book, that’s why beggars who know what they’re doing look for the laugh.  Misery only works outside a church where it seems preordained and part of the natural order.  We all have to sing for our supper, whether you’re Barbara Streisand or the bum on the corner or the Queen of England for that matter.  Oh, Sorry.
I have my method of thrift store browsing down to an art, my danse de débris.  After entering Goodwill, I first circle the roundels of clothing racks as though I’m waltzing with the stale air; I’m passing judgment on every stitch of knit polyester leisure wear and cotton stretch tee shirts burdened with grotesque impasto decals.  My hand sweeps along the clothes hangers like the tongue of a roulette wheel searching for tasty little numbers.  I really don’t need any more clothing, I think.  Several shirts catch my eye, but at eight dollars each, I think they’re too expensive.
That’s increasingly been a problem with charity run stores; they aren’t just unloading things at rock bottom prices anymore; they’ve gone upscale and want shoppers to treat them better. They want you to regard them as boutiques with corresponding prices, but they still smell the same and have the same disinterested workers who do little more than mope in the back rooms where you’re not even allowed to so much as stick your head in.
Next I scan the rows of bookshelves, the books lining them like some slovenly conscripted army. Sometimes one can find serious literature and even the rare art book but most of the collection is textbooks, religious tracts, finance high and low, romance novels, etc.  I scan the shelves quickly but run into a snag in the form of a man in a trench coat standing squarely in the center of a bookshelf.  He’s been brooding in this same spot ever since I got into the store and in that he’s typical of the clientele; on any given day you’ll always find people milling about, holding down their patch of borrowed turf as they inspect album covers or old electronic devices.  Their movements are slow and insect-like.  I glance over his shoulder and notice a good novel that came out a few years ago, sandwiched between a volume of Chemistry II and a copy of ‘God and Your Money: Six Easy Steps to the Top of the Divine Heap.’
“Excuse me,” I say.  He affects great surprise and mumbles something unintelligible. “Could I just get in there to take a look?” He moves over about three centimeters. I roll my eyes then thrust my arm in front of him to snatch the book from the shelves before he has a chance to sense my interest and grab it for himself.
Book in hand, I then move over to the household utensils department.  I’m rather thorough, I like to dig, and this requires some extra precautions.  Many of the pots and pans and silverware are finely coated with a sticky residue that is un-pleasurable to touch, so I bring out a pen from my satchel and needle the items in each bin, taking care not to touch anything with my fingers.  I feel like a surgeon poking around the Tin Man’s innards.  Again, some items of interest that are over-priced and not much else so I move on to the cash register where no one awaits me.  I wait, looking around rather noisily to make my needs obvious to all around me and finally a young woman appears with arm-loads of apparel that she stuffs under the cash register.  She’s a peroxide blonde with hair that looks like it’s been cut with a food processor.  She has chubby cheeks, a black zip-up sweat shirt with the name of a musician who died from a heroin overdose several years ago spray-painted on the back, a random distribution of piercings that have price tags hanging from them and a gut that squeezes out of her tight jeans and tee shirt like tooth paste out of the tube.  She’s one of those punk rockers whose harsh exterior is at odds with her personality; she’s very polite and gentle.   Bye, thank you, she says softly as she hands me change that looks like it has passed through someone’s digestive system.

Down on the pharma
Next stop is the pharmacy to fill my prescription for yet another psycho-tropic drug, (my doctors treat my head as if it were one of those kiddie chemistry sets they used to play with as kids,) written for me by a psychiatrist recommended by my narcoleptic psycho-therapist.  She was a trip.
Her name was, I’m not kidding, Jack (short for Jacqueline) Spratt and true to form, she was neither too lean nor too fat.  I’d been wanting to see a therapist for some time because I suspected I was boring and I needed to talk with someone about it, though not with anyone I knew because they were all terrible at keeping secrets.
Jack lived in the Upper Haight in a prim little Edwardian home that also served as her office.  She looked like Peppermint Patti’s younger sidekick, both having the same haircut (though Jack’s was mostly gray) and the Edith Head eye glasses and the same dogged attraction to tough-minded women.  She was an expert on transference, a phenomenon where the patient acts out their emotional torments, using the therapist as an amalgam of all the people in one’s life that one has issues with.  I liked her enough to agree to see her every week on Tuesday evenings but no more.
Her office was furnished like a child’s play pen, toys strewn about; she even asked me if I wouldn’t be more comfortable sitting in the sandbox.  I told her that even as a child I never played in sandboxes because I worried about kitty poo.  She gave a wan smile and nodded and instead directed me to the couch.  I was in the clutches of an unrepentant Freudian, but I didn’t let it bother me; I really wanted to make this work.  Her enormous cup of coffee (a significant clue, unrealized at the time) was always at the ready.  She silently slurped from it at the beginning of each session before addressing me with her signature phrase – ‘So, What else?’ – that signaled the start of my soliloquies.  I told her first off how hard it was for me to smile and the problems this had caused in my relationships and work-life and she just smiled and nodded her head, in such a way that I couldn’t tell whether she was sympathetic or merely amused and mocking me.
Things went along like this, me baring my entrails, she smiling silently in response, for our first four weeks or so but during one session, while I was in the midst of relating yet another sad tale from my childhood, she fell asleep.  I hadn’t at first noticed this and when I did, I stopped talking, waited and eventually started coughing gently.  She came to and I continued at an earlier point in the narrative, recovering ground I guessed she had missed when she’d fallen asleep.  I did however mention to her that I thought she might have drifted off for a few seconds or so and that I was feeling a bit insecure.
“Was I boring you?” I asked.
“No, you’re transferring,” she reassured me and it reminded me of that classic exchange on an old TV commercial:  ‘Dishwashing liquid?” the horrified housewife asks.  ‘Relax,’ says the matronly manicurist, “it’s Palmolio, it’s mild.”
This happened several times over the course of the next five or six weeks and it was beginning to unnerve me.  Was she doing this on purpose to draw out a reaction from me?  Was this cutting-edge therapeutic psycho-drama that forced me to confront the boredom I inflicted on others?  My insecurity was turning into annoyance and the next time she fell asleep, I waited till she revived and then asked, “Why did you fall asleep?”
“Oh, did I nod off?” she asked, “That was silly of me.  Go on, I’m listening.”
“No, wait a minute, you’ve done this half a dozen times over the last two months.”
“Well, I guess I was a little sleepy.”
“A little sleepy?” I charged. “You’re falling asleep in the middle of my sessions.  Why?”
“When I feel a patient checking out then I check out, it’s empathic; that’s really my strength as a therapist.”  That comment brought a period of silence, during which I stared at the carpet with its remnants of silly putty and regurgitated candies.  I was getting uncomfortable at the silence, so even though I hadn’t sorted all of this out in my head, I mustered a bit of gumption.  I pointed out to her that she was counter-transferring, a phenomenon whereby the therapist acts out her issues, using the patient as scapegoat.
“So, basically you’re telling me that your inability to stay awake is my responsibility.” I said forthrightly.  She gave a little sniff of disapproval.
“If you must know, I’m narcoleptic,” she admitted.
“And you don’t see any conflict here?  You’re charging people – me! – a lot of money to listen and recall details and offer some observations and solutions based on that.  How can you be a good therapist when you’re falling asleep all the time?”
“How about if I don’t charge you for the time I’m asleep?  I’ll prorate you for the other times it happened” she offered.
My answer to that was a resounding no and goodbye, though I did finally insist that she reimburse me for the time during which she was asleep.  Funny thing was though, after that I no longer worried about being boring.  I was cured!
Any-whooo, I’d been putting this trip to the pharmacy off because the employees are so tetchy, none more so than Susan the African-American lesbian.  She is ample, vocal and jowly. “You don’t have to yell,” she says, making harrumphing noises that sound like sea lion sneezes, to an exasperated customer who only slightly inflected his voice to make a point.
Not since I lived in my father’s house have I been so afraid to get on somebody’s bad side.  She likes me and always smiles pleasantly, but then I’ve never been even the slightest bit demanding, not since I witnessed her once call a customer’s mother long distance to ask whether it was true that the customer couldn’t pay because his mother’s boyfriend was an addict who had smoked and snorted the customer’s inheritance away.  He threatened to sue her but he never did.
Care-Speak Pharmacy (“We speak the language of Caring” their advertising proclaims, though I often refer to it as ‘Don’t-Care-to-Speak Pharmacy’ because of the taciturn employees) is one of two pharmacies bearing that name, the other being in the Castro, where my doctor is.  Due to all the gay men there with HIV, that neighborhood is the Elysian fields for drug store chains and pharmaceutical companies – their profit paradise.
I’m next in line but the ringing phone draws all her attention.  She picks up the phone.
“Hello, Carespeak….You want to know if I’m Susan?….Do I sound like a Susan?….How many black people do you know called Susan?….I’m just playing with you honey; this is Susan, what can I do for you?”
She clearly enjoys declaring loudly for all to hear the medication prescribed for patients treated for maladies that might gain them social opprobrium.  “Are you aware that this particular anti-psychotic can cause severe cramping?” is typical of the sorts of questions she asks in a voice of great volume and clarity.
My health seems to be in entirely female hands, these days. I do find them a bit less egocentric than your typical male medical professional.
My doctor is a very attractive woman and young, which, sadly, today includes anyone under the age of thirty-five.  I met her at the supermarket in the produce section.  We were both testing melons for ripeness.
“Does shaking these things really work to tell if they’re ripe,” she asked.
“I don’t know,” I answered, delighted that this pretty woman was talking to me, a strange man.  “I mean, what is it you’re supposed to hear inside there?”
She laughed.  “Yeah, exactly.  It must be another one of those urban myths.”  She picked up one of the cantaloupes and pressed her fingers into either end.
“You do that like a professional, are you a masseuse?” I hopefully asked.
“No, doctor.”
“Really!? I need a doctor,” I lied.  “Are you any good?”
“Well, I’ve won every malpractice suit brought against me, that has to say something,” she said.
“Oh, well, you go girl.”
“I’m kidding, here, let me give you my card.”  She reached into her purse and handed me a pretty little business card, lavender on one side and pale sherbert orange on the other, very girlie.
“Great, thanks, I’ll call you.”
She looked again at the cantaloupe in her hand.  “These things are kind of weird looking aren’t they?” she asked.
“You know,” I began, “I was standing in line at the checkout one time and there was this woman in front of me cradling a baby in her arms.  All I could see of it was its head and I almost said out loud, ‘that is the ugliest baby I have ever seen,’ when she turns around, almost like she could read my mind and I see that there wasn’t any baby, it was a cantaloupe!”
“That’s it,” she exclaims, “they look like little heads, like they’re aliens from outer space or something.”
That’s how we met and I was so excited for the two-week period before my first appointment.  I’d already worked out our romance in my head in advance and was trying to think of some complaint that would make it necessary for me to take my pants off.  As soon as I got into her office though, I noticed the pictures on the wall of her cavorting with a large sheep dog and another woman as attractive as herself.
“Who’s that in the picture,” I asked nervously.
“That’s Katie my girlfriend,” she said with obvious pride.  “So what brought you in today?”
“I don’t feel so good,” I said and at this point I wasn’t lying.
Even though circumstances forced me to shelve my plans for trousers doffing and the whole grand idea of our romance, I stayed with her because she’s a good doctor and makes me laugh. (Unfortunately she has been unable to do anything about the pain I experience when I try to smile.)



The Mission
Anyway, the pharmacy marked the end of my errands and yet, I wanted more.  I thought again of Celestine, and for the first time it occurred to me that Porky didn’t know about Celestine, about her emotional duress.  Did I have an obligation to inform him?  Or an obligation to Celestine not to divulge privileged information?  I don’t know what kind of trouble I had in mind, but I found myself on a bus headed for the Mission, calling Tip to tell him where I’d be.
“Hey, Tip, It’s me.”
“Where are you?” he asks.
“I have one more errand to run in the Mission.  I’ll be home in about an hour and a half.”
“Why are you being so mysterious?” he demands.
“What?  Mysterious?  What are you talking about?”
“Errands, errands, that’s so generic.  Where are the specifics, the details?  What are you doing?  Why the Mission?”  I wasn’t sure if he meant my ‘mission’, for I certainly felt I was on one, or that neighborhood itself.
“Tip, you are getting way too scrupulous.”“Ok, I hope this little adventure doesn’t prevent you from being on time for your guests and making your mortgage payment this month,” he stated.
“Whatever,” I replied as disinterestedly as I could.  I heard him in turn say, “whatev-…..” before I hung up the phone.  Tipton beggars everyone, including me, when it comes to all things bitter and pissy.
The bus ride was a haphazard journey to the general vicinity of Mission Dolores, which was my unacknowledged destination. I was just hitching a ride, but some people take public transportation in order to have the opportunity to publicly address their failure; it’s their road show.  I look for a seat in the back because I don’t want to mingle with those people on the bus breathing down the back of the bus driver or sitting crossways on a seat talking loudly about which of the twelve steps they're currently stumbling on.  They usually sit way up front in the old folks section, whether or not they're old and it's always a heartbreaking tale, especially when they force a laugh, which often transforms my annoyance at their chattiness into painful sympathy with their condition.  They do it because they've got a story to tell and no one else will listen.
Who am I to criticize?  The oral tradition goes back thousands of years and these people are just compulsively continuing the tradition in the face of overwhelming cultural odds against them: animal husbandry, the invention of the printing press, radio, movies, TV, the internet and the like.  What they're so loudly soliloquizing is the same story begun by John Q. Caveman; it's a continuum in the one true genre: tragi-comedy.
There was no place to hang out within view of the mission, no cafes, everything was either spiritual – a synagogue in a converted funeral home and a German congregation kitty corner to it – or residential.  I chose the imposing former nunnery across from the mission as my perch.
The early 20th century building is thoroughly French in inspiration, but has an awkward little domed construction in the middle that looks like a garden gazebo that had climbed up onto the mansard roof to get a better view.  I’d been in the building before as it was being renovated for housing because I was sort of dating an architect working on it.  She took me down to the basement, a maze of catacombs, the remains of the previous building’s old hallways and rooms after it had been dynamited as a fire block immediately after the 1906 earthquake.  It was pitch black and spooky and just right for some vertical dirty sex, during which I parlayed my nun fantasies into a good orgasm, goading us to climax and release.
The nunnery had been rebuilt and now renovated as a home for seniors, with landscaping I could hide behind and benches to make my concealment comfortable.  I sat myself upon one of the benches behind a giant bird of paradise, took out my book and pretended to read, but all my attention went to my peripheral vision, in which the entrance to the mission was prominent.  I waited like this for a while, enjoying the warmth of the day, a little sun peeking out of the clouds.  And then suddenly, the sight of Celestine no more than ten feet from where I sat almost took my breath away.  She was studying the building as I myself have done, admiring its handsome form and well-turned details.  She was getting ready to take a closer look, which would have included the discovery of me, when her name was shouted from across the street.  She turned and waved.  She looked left down Dolores Street and waited for two cars to pass and then walked to the median strip with its ten-block row of royal palms, then looked right and let another car pass before she joined Porky.



Chapter V: Pettiness


I was back at the house by six, getting ready to receive my family of four.  They arrived out back in their German car, and I saw the profiles of two adults in stately posture up front and two bashful little smiling faces in the back seat window staring at me.  The wife was driving and she got out first, followed by her husband.  She came around to greet me while he opened the back door to let the children out.  I met her at the trunk, which she popped open with the remote control in her hand.
“Hi,” I said, “welcome.” I gave her my hand to shake and she took it limply.  She tucked the sleeve of her blouse back up the arm of her jacket as soon as I dropped her hand.  I also said hi to the husband, but he didn’t seem to hear me. The children were grabbing onto his legs; the girl was sucking a lollipop.
“Mmmm, that looks good,” I said to her.  She smiled and said yes it was.  “Where’s your big green lollipop?” I asked her brother. The boy giggled.  I put him at about four years old, the girl maybe a year older.  I returned my attention to their mother and began taking the luggage she removed from the trunk.
“I’ll take your luggage through the back door here where I have my apartment,” I said, “and then I’ll meet you up at the front door.  The entrance is just around the corner and up a flight of stairs.”
“We walk down the sidewalk and it’s left at the corner?” she asked to make sure.
“Yes, I’ll meet you at the front door.”  I took their considerable luggage, quite heavy, and banged my way from the back door to the front.  The doorbell rang impatiently three times and as I opened the door, I saw that he was about to do it again.
“Ok, all ready now, come on in.”  They entered in single file, the father guiding the children to the couch where he sat himself as though upon a throne.
“Now, do you all speak English?” I asked.
“Oh, yes, fluently,” the wife answered.  The children smiled and nodded.
The family was from one of those countries whose governments like to do things for their people but not with them and who are supposedly doing a lot to help defeat terrorism but never find the time to explain why so many terrorists carry their passports.
At this point, I couldn’t help notice that the husband hadn’t once looked me in the eye. It would soon be obvious that he was unwilling to speak directly to me, and would do so only through the intermediary of his wife.  He was so unwilling to acknowledge my existence that I thought he was perhaps a tenant from next door who had wandered in here by mistake.
The children were adorable, a beautiful shade of brown with big eyes and impeccable manners, yet silly and mischievous as small children should be.  I’m sure the father would remedy that soon enough.  Their social skills being slightly more mature than their father’s, I chatted with them while their mother did the drudgery of filling out the registration card and soiling her hands with the money.
I usually don’t throw superlatives around, but the husband was a perfect ass.  He had this exaggerated arrogance that I’ve observed before in certain men from third world countries where apparently I would be forbidden by law to address them or look at any part of their persons besides their feet.  They probably see me as someone whom in their own countries they would feed slowly to their pet crocodiles for amusement.
The husband said something in another language to his wife, she then asked me where a toilet was for him to use.  Well, two can play this game of disdain and I had made up my mind never once to address or look at him again.  I looked her in the eye and motioned over to the bathroom door in the hallway.  She relayed this information to her husband and he repaired to the john; I half expected her to follow him in order to pull out his penis and point it for him so he wouldn’t have to touch it, but no, he managed to do the dirty work himself.   I couldn’t help but be amused at his conduct so I stepped just outside the ‘customer is always right’ comfort zone to ask his wife, “Is he always like this?”  Her face reddened and then she looked me in the eye and with quiet, despondent rage, said “Yes.”  And she continued holding my eye, which made me hopeful that there was a revolution brewing back home.

Domestic petty grievances
After settling them in their rooms, I called Tipton to give him their credit card number to process and to let him know they were checked in and reasonably happy, all things considered.  I informed him that since Celestine hadn’t returned yet I was getting out while the getting was good.  I had restlessly decided on a far, brisk walk to the Marina and told him so.
“You’re going to the Marina!?” he said breathlessly, “Oh, that’s wonderful.  I haven’t checked in on Bruno yet and I’m not sure when I can get over there.  Could you just poke in on him?”
Tip had begun a dog sitting/walking service (‘Pooch Smooch’ was its working title) to supplement his reduced income from his sparse hotel bookings.  I helped him out when he needed it and we’d talked about my taking on the business as his partner.  I’d begun sniffing around for clients of my own to bring in; that was the deal we had agreed on before I got a stake in the company.  Tip wanted to see how hungry I was.
“Yeah, I can do that, but how would I get in without a key?”
“I’ll call the landlady, she lives on the first floor and she knows me.  She’s always there; she can let you in.  You just need to give him some water, take him for a good walk, you should run with him a bit too – he needs to run every day – and then give him some treats when you’re back at the house.  This is a very important doggy account.”
“That’s a little bit more than poking in on him, but I think I can manage.”
“Enjoy your night of freedom,” he said musically.
“Yeah, Werke ist Freiheit,” I replied.
“Huh?” he asked.
“Oh, I don’t know, I just read that somewhere. German I think.  Talk to you in the morning.”
I skipped out of the house clandestinely, my lapels pointing skyward like the wings of some furtive angel.  It was nearly dark and I began walking to the Marina, San Francisco’s whitey-straighty collegial ghetto.  The heterosexuals in that neighborhood are promiscuous and sexually aggressive; they’re recruiters. I don’t hang out there often though because the crowds are a bit too young and pretty for me and young women with raging libidos tend to look for young men with same.
It took me about forty minutes to walk to the Marina.  I found the address, a late 1940’s apartment building that was in a transitional style, late Streamline Deco, too chicken to be full-on International.  I pressed the buzzer to Apt. 1, that of Verna Fueling the land lady.  I saw a cat jump down from the window ledge, agitating what had to be the longest Venetian blinds I’d ever seen.  The gate was buzzed open and I stood before the door to her apartment.  I heard the faint scraping of slippers on linoleum tile, then on terrazzo and other unidentifiable surfaces.  Several locks were disengaged before the door opened just as far as the lock chain would allow it.  I had a feeling Verna Fueling had spent more than a few years living in New York City.
“Hi,” I said as soon as I made eye contact with a woman in the kind of house frock that seems to be the standard issue uniform for land-ladies and shut-ins, “I’m….”
“Just a minute,” she said, cutting me off abruptly.  I heard a television in the distance, the meowing of a cat, the opening and closing of drawers and the jangling of keys before I saw that face again, one with thin lips and a lazy eye set in a head held together by hairpins.
“Upstairs,” she said, as we climbed the stairs to the second floor.  The steps were thin concrete slabs supported by an open steel spine running up the middle, the modernist kind of stairway that acts as a cage for items dropped into it.  A small door in the wall of the enclosed stairwell beneath it added a note of mystery – perhaps the entry for some wild animal, or maybe gnomes do exist after all.
Before we got to the apartment I could hear some rather un-Bruno-like squeaks and scratches.  I hadn’t thought to ask Tip what kind of dog it was and when the landlady opened the door I saw one of those miniature dogs whose respiratory systems are a hopeless jumble.  He wore the name Bruno lightly.
“Buzz when done,” the landlady said as she turned round and headed back to her place.  She left a distinct, musty odor in the air – ginger cookies and lint, a combination I’d yet to see in personal care products.
There it was before me, that overgrown insect with the inappropriate name.
I never did have the kind of uncomplicated relationship most people have with dogs and cats.  I refute the notion that one has to be firmly in one camp or the other; they’re all just four-legged animals to me and I treat them equally.  I’ve always for the most part liked them, but it was a guarded affection, not because I’ve ever been afraid of them, it’s just that I’d always viewed pets as competition for sympathy, affection and money, kind of like small children.
When I tell people that I’ve never, nor will I ever, want a dog, they usually say ‘Oh, you don’t like dogs,’ with a mix of pity and contempt.  Or they say, ‘Oh, you’re a cat person,’ like they’ve reached some new depth of understanding about me.  And then when I say I’ve never wanted a cat either, they say, ‘Oh, you don’t like animals.’  How stupid!
I like both cats and dogs, but I don’t want to be a caretaker for some stinky poop machine.  I don’t want my day to revolve around an animal’s anus; I don’t want to dole out food with unappetizing odors and zero plate appeal; I don’t want to mop up regurgitated puddles and lumps of the afore-mentioned nasty smelling food. I can, however, enjoy coexisting with them as long as someone else is providing tactical support.
I even lived with a cat for a while a some years ago. She belonged to my housemate, Ted, who had rescued her from a bad home.  They had a tight bond.  When I would visit Ted before I moved into his place she was pretty affectionate, allowing me to scratch her and rolling over on her back for some tummy and pussy rubbing. We developed a good rapport; there was tenderness even.  We got along.

Pussy
When I agreed to take Ted’s extra bedroom (I’d just broken up with a substance abusing girl friend and so had he) and started moving my stuff in, she was puzzled. She’d never had a problem with me before, but something had changed for her. After my third night of living there, when it finally dawned on her that I was to be a semi-permanent fixture for the foreseeable future, she went totally cold on me.  She wouldn’t give me the time of day, couldn’t look at me and if she had to look my way, she looked through me.
She’d already had the habit of waiting at the top of the stairs for Ted’s return from work; she would greet him with a few maudlin meows and one of those slow figure eights of frottage between his legs.  Now she added another feature to this obsequious behavior – the rant.  As soon as she sensed him coming up the stairs, she’d start screeching in short, angry bursts.  We just laughed at the bitterness of her plaint – and people call female dogs bitches!
She hated the very flesh of me and frequently showed me just how willing she was to take her socio-pathic grudge to extremes.  For example, there was this one time when I was in the living room reading and I sensed through my peripheral vision that she was standing at the threshold engaging in situation assessment.  She was readying herself for yet another of the many daily trips she made back and forth from Ted’s room to her food bowl in the kitchen.  It was a straight shot from the kitchen to his room and it was a journey she would usually make chin-up, tail flagging, like she was strolling on God’s highway.  This time however I had moved one of the armchairs back so that it blocked the way.  I hadn’t done it on purpose to aggravate her, but merely to be more directly under the lit wall sconce to read, so I wouldn’t have to turn any more lights on and waste electricity.  (I later had to swear the truth of this for Ted while my hand rested on an old, empty bottle of Jack Daniels.)
She stayed at the threshold a good ten minutes before she began to make her move.  She cozied-up to the doorframe, gingerly tapped her right paw onto the floor of the living room and then froze.  When I shifted slightly in my seat she flinched and immediately withdrew it.  She tried again two times with the requisite action from me and only when I’d become bored at toying with her did she begin creeping out from her perch by the door frame.  She then started walking along the wall of the living room so closely and carefully one got the impression she was traversing a mountain range on a path so treacherous that one little kitty sneeze, one little false paw-hold on the shifting shingle of the mountain, would plunge her to her death thousands of feet below.  She hugged the three walls of the room like they were life itself.  I followed her every move and at one point she looked over and locked eyes with me, her movement abruptly stopping.  Then she scrunched her head down into her shoulders and redoubled her effort.  When she was finally near the end of this strange journey, she leapt into Ted’s room and vanished into its shadows.

Economic necessity has now forced me to warm to the idea that pooper-scoopers and kitty litter are my bread and butter. Bruno was an early test of my will to oblige even those animals that fall into the gray area of my consideration.
Bruno was friendly, irresponsibly so, as he seemed to have no problem with giving me complete run of the place, rendering him useless as a guard dog.  I know that some people would be falling all over themselves petting him and showering him with diminutives, but frankly I was embarrassed at the thought that I would be seen in public with this little animal.  What does it say to good-looking women when they see me associating with a dog that could fit in a size 10 shoe?  I’ve always had to resist the urge to kick dogs like this just to see how far they could go.  I think he sensed all this because that was his self-image; the world was out to get him and would never accept him as that secret Napoleon he longed to be.  Smelling my disappointment, he began a show of over-compensation – strutting, darting back and forth with little snips – but like small men with small penises, there was no escaping the sadness and we both knew it.  It had him cowed, despite the periodic displays of bravado that showed he was still in the game, that he wouldn’t be forgotten.  In my book though, he didn’t have the pluck necessary to stay on the radar screen – I placed him in a category other than girl magnet.

Sexy dead people
Right after I got back, I carefully checked to make sure Celestine wasn’t in and then began preparing my blackout.  I stockpile some food on the table next to the computer – dry shredded wheat, low-fat cheese, dates and yogurt, the diet of a Bedouin or a middle-aged American odd-ball.  I make sure I have a clear path to the toilet so I don’t trip over anything in the dark, I do a few quick calisthenics, I roll my computer desk away from the window and into the kitchen, where the crackling of my fingers across the keypad will be muffled. I shut the blinds, draw the curtains and then I oil the creaky joints of my old wheeled office chair.  I briefly considered the fact that I was over-reacting, getting it wrong again, but I didn’t want to take the chance.  I know people, they’re fragile, liable to crack at any moment.
I got on the computer, checked my email and started immediately deleting the flood of pornographic messages – “desperate housewives need your cum,” “horny school girls dripping for your love,” etc. that were in my ‘in’ box.
They say people use the internet more often to seek their family roots than to look at pornography.  In that I’m atypical, as I use it in an average 70/30 ratio, porn to genealogy.
As one gets older, it’s natural to start preparing for death and what better way than studying the lives of dead people? When I was younger, my attempts to trace my family roots had been half-hearted because I was wary of what I might in fact discover about my family.  I was also getting laid more often.  Maturity has brought more focus to my life (and less sex) but I wasn’t really prepared for the difficulty of gathering information about people for whom their names were just rocks to hide under.
I thought that studying the history of our family might help repair the damaged relationship I’d had with my parents since I’d stopped teething.  I had visions of us sitting around the dining room table for hours with our steaming cups of coffee, me taking notes while they speak wistfully about their lives and the lives that had gone before. But I discovered that genealogy, like revenge, is a dish best served cold.
My parents were completely unhelpful; it was hard enough to get them to show some interest in living people, dead people were beyond the pale.
“We live in the moment,” my father responded one time when I’d asked why they never share memories of their youth.  His statement was true only if you call sitting in front of the television for four hours every evening living in the moment.  What was I expecting from people who have a ‘TAKE IT TO THE GRAVE’ bumper sticker on their car?
When it comes to genealogy, all roads lead to Mormon, so I visited one of their local data repositories.   I got a few possible leads, but I kept running into what serious genealogy sleuths call ‘brick walls’.  “Have you tried looking for your Gritsons in prison, dear?” said one old lady, Data Bank President (stingy with her loans), who was getting a little irritated with me because I pointed out that some of her data and historical memory were inaccurate.  She called them ‘my’ Gritsons, because genealogists take possession of dead people; I wondered how many Jews she had posthumously converted that day.
Here’s the funny thing: the old lady’s name was Alzheimer.  People’s last names are hysterical; like See, Spot, Down, Hill or the Parcels, the Goods, the Rabbits, the Kicks, the Runs, the Bends, etc.  I found a Jeremiah Cost married to a Hannabel Price, their progeny bore the hyphenated Cost-Price – I’m not even making these up and I saved the best for last: the Pricks!  German of course.  I write all of them down in a log and it’s always good for a chuckle.
Well, old lady Alzheimer was right.  I looked into court records and convict rolls and came up with some bona fide ancestors; seven boys in one family, five of them in constant trouble with the law – mostly theft, minor assaults; one was declared criminally insane and two seem to have died under suspicious circumstances.  That was more than I wanted to know.  Like most people searching their ancestry, I was hoping to hook up with royalty or at least some lower tier aristocracy but it became obvious that my family had more in common with the mongrel dogs that roamed our neighborhoods; our pedigrees were complex and obscure.
In the hope of finding something besides this legacy of shame, I began frequenting websites devoted specifically to genealogy.  They have message boards where people post information about dead people they’re searching for. I’ve made attempts to contact some of the people who I thought might have relevant information.  Nobody has ever responded to even one of my many requests for help, and it is this fact that leads me to believe these people are indeed related to me, since everyone in my family treats me exactly the same way.
At nine o’clock I was still sitting at the computer, thinking that if I could only figure out a way to combine genealogy and sex on one website, (prominent member seeks…), I could probably make a fortune, when I heard someone coming up the front porch stairs.  I froze.  Then I put my computer to sleep to quiet the thrum of its workings and listened to the key in the latch, the heavy sound of the door re-engaging with the lock, the measured padding of feet up the main staircase and the corresponding creaks.  I stayed silent and motionless, listening to the waters of the toilet flowing down, the occasional muffled bang coming from the rooms of the family of four and Celestine’s descent to my door, which she knocked softly.  I stayed still, breathing as quietly as I could until the gentle volley of her fist against my door stopped and I heard her door upstairs close.  I then knocked back some of the pills I’d picked up earlier that same day and went to bed with a book that I would soon abandon.
I dreamt about hair, great thick strands of it, and fingernails and tears.



Chapter VI: Third Whirled


The next morning I awoke and remained in bed thinking about the day to come and the revelation of that yesterday.  I faced two potential disasters, a knot of garbage in my plumbing that threatened to ruin me financially and an unstable woman who by now was expecting me to please her to the best of my carnal knowledge.  With Porky I must be firm and remindful of all I have done for him.  With Celestine I must be at once friendly and discouraging.
My sub-continental family of four came down later than I expected them to; somehow I’d imagined the father kept paramilitary hours and would have awoken the kids shortly after the crack of dawn for some marching or cool-aide drinking or something.
When I came out to greet them, she was pouring orange juice for everyone at the table while her husband was straightening the children’s bibs.
“Good morning,” I said.
“Good morning,” the children said.  “Good morning, good morning, good morning,” they kept repeating as they giggled.
I cupped my ear as I said, “I think there’s an echo in here.”  They repeated their good mornings again.  “There, see, did you hear that?  I’d better get these walls checked, or my ears or something.”  The kids both looked at each other and stuck their tongues out, but not too far.  Their father pinched his son’s cheeks, patted them both on the heads and told them to stop now.
“Good morning,” the wife said to me as she smiled.  “These flowers are lovely.”  The way she said ‘flowers’ and how she smiled, like she loved doing it but didn’t get enough opportunities, touched me.
“Picked them myself this morning,” I said and then for the benefit of the children I added, “I snuck into the neighbor’s yard early this morning to steal flowers but their huge dog with big teeth came running out and do you know what happened?”
The boy’s eyes were getting bigger.  He shook his head.
“He didn’t eat you,” the girl said.
“Right!  He didn’t eat me up, he came running out and he helped me pick more flowers.”  The children didn’t seem to hear me; they were now contemplating their food and, no doubt, how to put it into play.
The little boy had his fork sticking straight up from a large wedge of cantaloupe; he was practically begging for discipline as he stared at his father to see what his reaction might be.  His father stared at the fork and somehow I sensed that for the boy this was about his father, but for his father, this was about me.  I think nothing would have pleased him more than to have his children cause such havoc with my home that all the timbers would torque and come crashing down upon my head minutes after they’d departed.  The fork fell with a clanking noise onto the plate.  The father said something to his wife in that language which was integral to his system of control.  She spoke to her son and he fussed as she took his fork away.
The husband and wife were talking in their other language but I heard him say distinctly in English, a word that brought their conversation to a halt, “Hebrews.”

Pre-Judgment Days
The husband’s behavior, brown skin and apparent anti-semitic dig brought my own father uncomfortably to mind.  Hebrews – that’s what my father called Jewish people.  Like the word Jew was too good for them.  Why should they get to suffer more than anyone else?  We were Irish after all – or were we?
Our identity as a family was founded on all the things we weren’t.  If we hadn’t had others to ridicule or disdain, we might never have known who we were.  Growing up, I knew we weren’t Black, Jewish, Puerto Rican nor Asian and according to my father, good thing.
We weren’t allowed to watch that television show about the cigar smoking, English mangling bigot, his squeaky, wheezy wife, stacked daughter and ethnic son-in-law because it was too dirty.  They discussed sensitive issues that any decent television character would ignore and let fester off camera rather than expose to high Neilsen ratings.  Given that the TV couple only had one child, my father suspected they used birth control.  But I think the true reason we weren’t allowed to watch the program was that the father on the show stole my dad’s best material and it pissed him off that some actor was getting paid tons of money to sit in front of the cameras doing exactly what he did every day for free.  Just one thing though, my dad didn’t smoke.
You’ve heard of armchair warriors?  My father was the same breed as that Lazy-boy racist on TV.  Talk at dinnertime (my dad always sat at the head of the table in a Lazy-boy chair, one of four in our house – a totem of his arrival, his elevated if mostly horizontal social status) was peppered with reference to darkies, spicks, spooks, gooks, shylocks, fags and other demons that came pouring out of his heart of darkness.  We white folks were harder working, more faithful, cleaner, more polite, smarter and our noses were normal.
“God made white people to run earth correctly, not like when the Jews and the dark people ran things before Jesus came along.”
By virtue of his Catholic upbringing, my father considered himself religious but he understood the Catholic Church as an institution only vaguely associated with the tenets of Christianity.  He saw world history as a western where Jesus plays the mysterious new Aryan cowpoke in town who ends up killing all the bad guys with dark skin and prominent noses.  Jesus had blue eyes and blow-dried hair (blonde, but not too long; my dad wanted Jesus to get a hair cut.)  The pope played the role of the sheriff who, as Jesus rides off to points unknown, asks one of his sidekicks – Who was that masked man?
“White people are better at just about anything.”
“Are you using us as an example of white supremacy?” I timidly asked one time. My father wasn’t really familiar with high-minded concepts like white supremacy; his reaction was due more to the insurrectional tone he detected in my voice.  His lips pressed together tightly as the mouths of my siblings sank into frowns.  He worked his facial muscles into his ‘I smell something really bad’ face, a grimace he could wear without cessation for hours on end, much longer than that damned sitcom actor.
I ventured further, “Because my research shows that black people and Irish immigrants often co-mingled in the urban centers of mid-19th century America.  There are more than a few black people with ‘Mcs’ in front of their names, and they didn’t all get them down on the plantation.  There are Irish people walking around with brown sugar in their cream.”
“Let me tell you something,” my father bellowed, “Irish people came here ‘cause we wanted to be here. We like it here. Blacks, they just came here to hang out, they don’t do nuthin’ ‘cause they don’t like it here. And another thing, any nigger with an Irish name is just being pretendish. They just stick ‘Mc’ in front of their names and think it makes ‘em fit in.  Never gonna happen.”

I have a wet dream
I heard my arch-nemesis the husband say something.  His wife asked, “Could we have more milk for the coffee, please?”
“Sure, I’ll be right back.”
The husband had it all over me; he had command of a beautiful woman, the undying love of two adorable children, and he wasn’t waiting hand and foot on me.  I hated him.
I wonder sometimes what it would be like to be a man in one of those countries where it’s still considered shocking and provocative for a woman to show her hair or mouth or legs, where a man’s control of the women in his life is complete, taken care of by societal norm.
Here’s my fantasy: I’m married to a beautiful woman and we have a picture book marriage, we start procreating, then tending our family for whom I’m an excellent provider.  We live in a wonderful community with good schools and huge lawns and a down town which is small but lively with a nice café outside of which we sit and read the Sunday paper while acquaintances stop to chat.  But just below the surface of this Anytown, USA darker veins of desire flow, for all the wives who live on our street are magnetically drawn to me.
Every spring I have to spar and parry with the challenging husbands, though I always win my right to continue my dominance over them and their wives, just like the walruses I once saw on a nature show on government subsidized television.  I run two or three blocks of our street as a Visigoth chieftain his tribe or a sultan his harem.
My fantasy branches out to encompass some of my favorite feminine types: the uptight, preppy ubërmom who needs to get fucked before she’s done the housework so she can forget for those brief moments of ecstasy that everything always has to be just so; the neglectful mom who loves getting screwed while her children are whining in the locked basement; the fun mom who giggles at everything except my erect penis (but flaccid, it’s fair game.)
I imagine there’ s a family just up the block that challenges my authority by denying me my proper respects.  One evening I burst in on them through the front door as they are seated at dinner.  The husband rises and stares hard at me; I stare even harder back at him.  We begin a deadly dance, matching each other move for move.  He looks away only for a moment but in that moment his fate is sealed.  I deal him a blow and he starts quietly gathering the children together.  I hear the engine of their sedan fire up and the crumbling of the pea gravel as they back out into the street.  I am alone with his woman.  I throw aside a chair as I smell the fumes of her fear and desire.  I take her hard right on the dining room table.  She is pushed violently again and again by my every thrust.  Afterwards, she clings to me with all four of her limbs and won’t let me go, frustrated she can’t fold herself into me like newborn young into the marsupium.    “I’ll call for you,” I tell her, “when I need you.”
Despite such fantasies, what I really need, I tell myself, is a strong woman.  I don’t think it would be much fun to live in a country where village justice deems the rape of a woman necessary to assuage family honor.  Shame!  Honor! – in some countries they’re shows that run daily, standing room (men) only. The only real taste of their world that we get here is ‘Going Out of Business Sale: Carpets Slashed 60%!’
What is it with people from the Mediterranean and the Middle East beyond?  Why are they so tough?  Why are rug merchants always going out of business?  Why do they take you into their homes and feed and fawn over you like you were the golden calf but the minute you walk into their stores, they try to rip you off?
As I came around the corner bringing more milk for the husband’s coffee, I stared first at his right temple where his skin darkened in a small concavity near his brow. His features were cut sharp like a core piece of obsidian from which had been flaked off the blades of his spite. I then stared at his wife, her head downcast towards her plate.  I set the milk down on the sideboard.  She thanked me.  He would soon go back to the cabal of bullies he socializes with, she would return to her veil and voluminous silks.

No Strings
About half an hour after the family had gone, Celestine descended.  She looked worn and smiled oddly – Miss Havisham in sweatshirt and shorts.  The hairs on my neck rose.
“Good morning, Celestine,” I said.
“Good morning,” she yawned, “am I too late for breakfast?”
“I was just putting it away, but I’d be happy to leave some for you.  Did you have a good sleep?”
“Delightful,” she answered.
“What are your plans today?”  My questions were clipped and demanded like responses.
“Well, it’s my last day and I thought I should do something special.  I have a coupon for some spa in South San Francisco but I’m not sure I want to go all the way down there.  What do you think?”
“It can’t be that nice of a spa if it’s in South San Francisco; it’s kind of poor and drab down there.”
“Why is it that the southern part of cities is always poor?  London, Los Angeles, …uh, Chicago, Boston, and San Francisco of course – they’re all the same.”
“You’re right, I’ve never thought of it that way before.  Must be some Feng Shui thing.”
“So, I wonder if in the Southern Hemisphere, where toilet water flows in the opposite direction, the bad neighborhoods are in the north?”
I laughed, noting that whatever ailed Celestine, it didn’t seem to prevent one from having a sense of irony.  She then took advantage of my sudden openness to press her sexual agenda.
“What would you suggest I do in order to make my last day in San Francisco extra special?”
She looked me in the eye; her intent was unmistakable.
“Well, let’s see.  Let me get some brochures.”  I stumbled out of the dining room and ducked into my private apartment.  I began concocting an itinerary that would keep her far from the vicinity of my house until well after dark.  I grabbed a map of the city and with a magic marker quickly inked in her banishment to some of the city’s farthest-flung neighborhoods.  I returned to her with the map and a pot of fresh coffee.
“Ok, I’ve figured it all out for you.  You are going to love your last day!  First you’re going to go out to the Outer Richmond, San Francisco’s real Chinatown for real Chinese people, not just tourists like Old Chinatown.  This is where you’ll find a thriving Asian community and tons of Russians, too.  This is where they go to shop and eat – real authentic – off the beaten track.  You’ll have lunch there and grab some pastries and strong coffee at a Russian café.  Check out the Russian language bookstores and video parlors.  Great places to shop for Asian ceramics and hardware items.  You can do your banking and laundry there, too.  Then you’ll take the Geary bus all the way to the end and work your way over to Sutro Park to watch the sun set.  This is my favorite place to do that.  There’s always somebody up there with a guitar, it’s like you’re being serenaded as you overlook the most breathtaking view of the Pacific.  You’ll love it and I’m sure the fog will blow off by then.  You’ll get back on the Geary bus just before dark and take it to the Fillmore where you’ll have dinner at a jazz club while you listen to some fantastic music.  Then you pop back here for a very good night’s sleep.  What do you think?”
She stared at me for a moment with her mouth drooping and slightly open.  “I think you’ve really made my day,” she said as her face colored; it was clear I had only succeeded in making her feel foolish.
I called Tip after Celestine left the house.
“She’s gone out, hopefully for the whole day.  I’m worried about her.”
“Don’t get so emotionally invested in the lives of your guests,” he counseled.  “You have to remember that you’re sort of like a nurse or a doctor, you can’t get too attached because it will compromise your job performance and eventually destroy you.”
“I don’t get that attached to my guests,” I said; I guess I was a little indignant.
“Oh, no?  What about that family that was staying with us because their son was in the hospital for chemo?  You bought them flowers and food and all those little gifts.  You barely broke even.”
“That poor little guy, he was so sick, I just wanted to do something for them; I felt so bad.”
“I know, they were all so sweet and honestly, I cried buckets over that little boy, but you have to be careful.  You’re a soap opera and you can’t be afraid to kill off characters.  Just remember there will always be hordes of actors out there hungry for parts.”
“I suppose,” I said.  Tip does say things that make me pause to think, though that’s not to say that any of it has merit, or that it makes much sense.   I had another piece of urgent business with him.
“So, Tip, my taxes are ready, right?”
Since Tip fervently believes he has a way with figures and can twist the tax code around his little finger, I gladly handed over the job to him, convinced more by my dread at the thought of income taxes than by his bragged-about abilities.  But saying I used him to do my taxes is like Nixon saying he used a tape recorder to add to the historical record; I couldn’t help thinking Tip was the instrument of my undoing.
“It’s practically done, as we speak I’m finishing it up.”
“So I can pick it up when, noon?  One, Two?”
“Not sure, hit a snag, just waiting for a friend to call back with info.”
I didn’t like the way Tip was dropping himself, the subject, from his sentences.  It seemed like the sort of defense mechanism employed by small children recalling unspeakable catastrophes.
“Tip, I gave you all my information two months ago.  You said you’d have it for me early.”
“Yeah, well, things have changed, a lot’s been happening.”
“Yeah, well, you should have told me you were having trouble.”
“Did I say that?”
“Oh, man, Tip,” I was getting angry, “this is the last day, get it?  That has to be postmarked by midnight, that means I need it in my hands by 10 o’clock so I can drive down south to the only postal station open that late and wait in that fricking line with millions of other lame-oes like I did last year.  Jesus Christ!”
“Speaking of whom, ask yourself “What would Jesus do right now?  Would Jesus get pissy with his friend who’s just trying his best to help him render unto Caesar a little bit less of what is Caesar’s, or would he take pity on the poor tax consultant?”  Tip sometimes tries to defuse anger be making funny in the middle of an argument.
“Jesus wouldn’t have made the mistake of hiring you, number one.  Number two…”
“Yeah, well, Jesus would have presented his self-sacrificing accountant with a little bit more of a paper trail to back up his dubious deduction claims – you might want to think of that next time.”
“I want my tax return here at 10 o’clock tonight.”
I slammed the phone down.  It rang twice before I picked it up again.
“Hello,” I said, like my lips were blue with frostbite.
“Ok, ok, I’ll bring it over, don’t worry,” Tip said.
I hung up the phone.  I cowered most of the day and evening in my room watching TV.
Tip did indeed bring the completed form at the designated time.  And I did in fact wait in the Hell-ish line.  Caesar got most of what was coming to him and I slipped gratefully into bed just past midnight.

There is no future in England creaming
Sometime around 3am I was dreaming and conscious of it and I tried opening my eyes but they wouldn’t budge.  I squinted and the right lid popped open.  I looked at the clock and closed my eye and then became aware of a strange knocking at the door, an eerie sound like the ghost of Phillip Marlowe, oh, wait that’s the detective, I thought, hmm, I wondered, who was that ghost? Well, whoever, the ghost (Jacob Marley – it came to me the next day – the name, not the ghost), clanging on that fateful night in the life of that literary character who was an even bigger cheapskate than me. I looked at the clock again and heard the ever more insistent knocking and clanging.  Jefferson! I thought suddenly, come to exact his revenge on Whitey and he’s starting with me.  I went to the door.
“Who’s there?” I asked.  I heard a muffled man’s voice that sounded very suspicious.  Then a woman said, “It’s the couple in Jefferson, the Parkhams.  Please let us in.”
I opened the door and that’s when my nightmare really began.  It was indeed my two sorry English folk.  She was at the door as I opened it, chains dangling from the manacles around her wrists, but the first thing I saw was his ass looking like something gelatinous and runny in the back door light.  I turned from it in horror as she said, “Sorry, we’ve forgotten our key.”
They were in a Sado-Masochistic state of undress. He was a few feet behind her facing the street but he turned back towards the door when he heard the word ‘sorry’, almost as though his name had been called.  He was dressed in leather halter and chaps and had what looked like bite marks running up and down his arms and a rubber hood with no holes save those for the nostrils with a zipper running back from the forehead down to the nape of his neck.  He tried to speak.
“I can’t understand what he’s saying,” I told her.  I was then able to make out two syllables that sounded like ‘suh-ree’.  “Could you ask him to take the mask off?”  I winced as I talked to her.
“Sorry, well, that’s a bit of a problem, you see.  The zipper is stuck.  We can’t get it off.”
I then examined the mask more closely.  There was a large pad crossed with a pattern of reinforcing stitches where the mouth should have been.
“Is there something in his mouth?” I asked, with more disgust than I would have shown under normal circumstances during normal business hours.
“Yes, there’s a rubbery thing, like a teething ring or a pacifier, or, or, a long nipple.”
“Well, he’s not getting into bed like that – he’ll soil the pillow cases.”
“No, no, of course not.  We’ll get it off as soon as we’re settled back in our room.  We’re quite cold, could we come in?”
“Why don’t you go around to the front door and I’ll let you in.  It’s a little messy back here, umm, I don’t want you to trip.”  I soon opened the front door for them, too groggy still to be either amused or angry.
“Thank you so much,” she said.  “It’s been such a long night – terrible mix-up with our clothes.  You don’t know how glad we are to see you.”  That made me a little nervous – I didn’t want to know how glad!
I bade them good night as they worked themselves upstairs.  I heard him bang into the wall a couple of times and then their door closing.  I hoped they would cold shower.



Chapter VII: Love is the Drug


The next morning I bade my poignant, early farewell to Celestine, went to clean her room and found the used condom that to me at that moment resembled a penitent’s cowl.
I could feel several of my various personalities – charming, affable host; aging hipster; needy animal attendant – collapsing.  The room was growing dark.  Celestine had a booty call and I was still hanging on the line.
To dispel the gloom, I decided to do what my mother always did when she felt stymied in life’s deep shade – bake! I dragged out the heavy containers of flour and sugar, the artery clogging blocks of butter and the eggs which possessed properties that my mother could never quite get her head around – strength inseparable from fragility and the mucous that begets life.  It had been a while, so I had to sniff the flour to make sure it was still good.  I went a little beyond a sniff and snorted a gram of it up my nose.
It was no worse than the last few granules of cocaine I’d had several years before, provided by a good friend who was purportedly a drug dealer.  We went out of our way to do the classic coke in the loo routine.  We spent half the night asking each other if we felt anything yet.  We never did.  I decided that if he truly was a drug dealer, he was just about the sorriest, lame-ass drug dealer that ever was.  And at that point I couldn’t say for sure that he was any better as a friend than he was as a drug dealer.
Vowing next time to free-base my semolina, I made tollhouse cookies with a few too many chocolate chips and when they were done I laid them out on cooling racks, where they sagged between the wire.  But I considered them a success – they always seem to taste better when they’re a bit of a mess.
As my first batch of cookies were warming up in the oven, I went up front to find the wife descending the stairs with her children.
“Mmmmmm, what is that delightful smell?” she asked.
“Chocolate chip cookies.”  At this the children became animated, as though the mere suggestion of a sugar high was fuel enough for the fires of mischief.
“May I bring some out for you and the kids?”
“Yes,” she said and then continued as she turned her face down to the children while wagging her index finger, “one cookie each.”
After removing the first batch from the oven, I briefly considered lacing a cookie with one or more of the household cleaning products underneath my kitchen sink and serving it to the husband.  However it occurred to me that, given the level of hostility he seemed to inspire in other people, he probably already had the habit of using his young as food-testers.  The kids were too cute to die as collateral damage in my undeclared war with their father.
Instead of poisoning his cookie, I decided to forgo giving him anything at all.  I brought three cookies out and asked the mother what plans they had for today.
“My husband hasn’t decided yet.  I would like to go to Golden Gate Park.  My husband doesn’t want to go.”
My estimation of her husband plunged further.  The guy doesn’t even like nature, I thought.  I hate people who don’t like nature.  What a cretin!  What an asshole!  As if on cue, the husband snuck up behind me.  I turned to see him with folded arms staring off to his side, waiting for me to move.  I didn’t move.
“You can’t leave San Francisco without seeing Golden Gate Park.  There are the museums, the arboretum, the kids can see the buffalo herd, they can ride on the carrousel, there’s a windmill; you simply have to go!”  I then enlisted the children in my campaign to annoy their father.  “Have you ever seen a buffalo?”
I described what these great beasts looks like and the boy began shouting, “I want to see the booffoolo.  I want to see the booffoolo.”
From behind me came a sharp rebuke from his father.  The boy’s face gathered together in a pout and his forehead creased under the strain to crank out a couple of tears.  After another sharp rebuke from dad, delivered while he pushed his way by me, the son was carried by the flow of his tears into that alternative world that children go to when they’re not getting what they want in this one.  At that I addressed the wife, telling her to call me if she needed anything else.  She held my eyes and gave me a warm smile as I read her lips saying thank you.
I sent more cookie dough to the ovens and cleaned off the breakfast table as I heard the family upstairs preparing for their departure.  The parents were discussing something loudly as they brought their luggage downstairs.  The wife handed me the room key and thanked me warmly for their stay.  I shook hands with the children and thanked them for staying with us.  Their little hands demanded gentleness and I longed for just such a demand in my life.  Then the husband did something remarkable.  He looked me in the eye, held out his hand, which I shook, and then he said thank you.  I suspect the wife had put him up to this, perhaps their loud words had been about this very thing, but that was ok.  I think that even adults can learn kindness if they just start practicing, even if someone else makes them do it.

I hadn’t heard a peep from the English couple and was hoping to avoid them.  Around ten I was upstairs putting some fresh towels in the bathroom at the end of the hall, which I glanced down to see him peering over the banister trying to reconnoiter if the coast was clear.  He gave a startled turn of his head in my direction and turned four shades of red as he flicked me one of those reflexive smiles that I no longer found intriguing.  “Sorry,” he mumbled as he opened the door to his room.  When would I come to accept that’s just an Englishman’s way of acknowledging my existence?
When they were ready to go they knocked on my door to give me the key, as I request all guests to do.  They were embarrassed but managed profuse thanks and more apologies.  I felt a fat tip coming and guided them to the door.
“We’ve left you something upstairs on the table.  Sorry we were such a bother last night.”
“Oh, don’t worry about it.  Life gets messy sometimes, believe me, nobody knows that better than me.”

In a pig’s eye
Porky came over after that, strangely quiet for him and did some running around the basement and lots of clanking with pipes and tools; they seemed to speak for him at those moments.
When he’d finished his work for the day and returned my plumbing to something just short of a state of grace, we sat down to talk about his bill.  I asked him how much I owed.  He wrote the figure wordlessly on a slip of paper and slid it face down towards me across the table like he was some aristocratic antiques dealer in London, selling off his patrimony and that of his peers but too well bred to money-talk.
“Oh, my,” I said, “God!”
“It’s a little late to get right with the Lord,” he said, smiling.
“I guess I’ve had this coming to me.  I’ve lived a bad life.”
“Jesus doesn’t care if you’ve been bad, he knows what it’s like to be human but oooh, is God pissed at you,” he said, as he shook his head and smiled like a ten year old does when he says to his younger brother, ‘Boy, are you gonna get it when dad comes home.’ Then he chortled – not many people do that well; you need lots of bounce in your belly and your boobs.
“I guess this is where that turning the other cheek thing comes in handy,” I said.
“Yeah, kind of makes you wish you had more meat on your cheeks, huh?”
When I first took over the B&B, I switched to another plumber instead of using Porky as Uncle Arthur had.  It was one of those reformist moves that afflict a person taking over any organization; you want to change everything and nothing is safe from your fidgety impulses.  So I hired this guy that a friend had recommended, back almost two years ago when I still spoke to some of my former drinking pals.  Clean and sober three years, he told me but I knew that underneath that cough suppressant odor emanating from his mouth there lurked something mashed, soured and distilled.
He was competent but the thing that bothered me was that all his plumbing looked so ugly.  Ok, you’re not supposed to see plumbing, right?  But everything he touched just looked bad, it’s hard to describe.  Like he used too much of that white plastic tape and his solder would bead and drip around the connections. I’m kind of fussy about how things look, even the stuff that goes on behind the curtain.  I expect the garbage men not to leave things too disheveled in their wake and in that I’m perpetually disappointed.
By many measures Porky’s plumbing probably isn’t any better than that of any other Joe Plumber, but he at least knows how to make it seem like his work is superior.
The irony is that Porky, the penultimate slob, always does immaculate work.  His plumbing has flair.
Just before he was to leave I put four cookies in a bag for him to take.
“Yep, that Celestine was quite a woman,” he said while he packed up his things.  He placed an enormous, dripping wrench on the kitchen table. “She came here to see her daughter, you know.  Too bad about her, a bit loco I guess.  Well, life is full of heartache,” Porky said, again chortling.  He beamed.  “One of the finest times I’ve ever spent with a woman.  Quite a lady.”
I dropped four more cookies into the plastic bag for Porky, then a few more and finally I emptied the whole container into his bag.
“Just have them all,” I said.
Porky had now achieved the trifecta of my humiliation.  First, he had beaten me in the race across a woman’s mattress; Second, I owed him a king’s ransom in plumbing bills; Third, he knew things about my guest, someone under my roof and very nose, that I didn’t know.
Despite his dogged pursuit of her, it really hadn’t occurred to me that Porky was the male member that had won Celestine. Before he leaves, he asks me to give him Celestine’s phone number and address and I tell him I’ll have to think about it. Then after he leaves I’m hit with a panic that wrings my insides and the anxiety keeps building until I’m wound up tighter than a tourniquet on a bleeding heart.
It happens so fast that I have to wonder for a moment why I’m so anxious but almost as quickly I decide that I’d rather not think about it; that I just want to relax. I’m going through a stack of cd’s, looking for a particular one – my medication music – I choke back some prescription pills (though none of them was prescribed for me; they’re gleanings taken from many different sources), press play and voila – stress reduction, except for the times when that doesn’t work and at those times I fear to slip back into my old alcoholic ways of coping and not coping.
People have been telling me I should get more therapy, but I don’t know; I don’t like the idea of somebody running around with all this intimate knowledge of me.  How could they spend all that time prying into my life and then not want to go and tell everybody about it?  Sure they take an oath, ‘Do No Harm’, but that never stopped good ol’ Doc Mengele.
They tell you to let it all out, that to recall all those painful memories and talk about them at length is good for you.  Personally, I think they tell you that because the exposition of one’s most painful and shameful experiences seems to be what people find most entertaining these days.  When I’m telling something really juicy to a psycho-therapist, the look on their face tells me they’re going to wait till I’m done before they run out to get popcorn.  The TV talk shows are filled with people spilling their half-baked beans, entertaining millions in the process, but I think watching Christians being mauled by lions would be a good deal more civilized and frankly, more humane.
I turned on the television.

Middle-age wasteland
I should probably stop watching television because I’m getting too emotionally involved. Unlike some critics who think television deadens the senses, I find that it cracks me open like a can of one of those new kinds of beers that taste great but have only half the calories.
The advertising alone is so well done now with all sorts of special effects and the consumptive premises are clever and entertaining.  Some are even irreverent, though all within the bounds of corporate accountability.
I think it’s a positive development that advertisers have moved away from the Golden Age of the Advertising Jingle and now use actual songs that were, we suppose, originally written for some higher purpose other than advertising.  Those songs from my youth, with so many sentimental associations, now help to cement my emotional bond with a vast array of companies and products.  How they enticed all those aging Rock and Roll rebels to abandon their anti-establishment stances in order to become the court composers for The Man, I can’t imagine.
There’s this one commercial about a man my age utilizing the services of a telecommunications company.  He’s being driven in a car and everywhere he travels the world aligns itself into a representation-simulacrum of the communications company’s trade marked logo.  There’s a song being sung that seems to confirm the heart-achiness of life.  The man is like the song, calm but driven.  When he finally reaches the hospital waiting room we see a pregnant, beautiful woman we assume is his wife.  Her existential angst turns to tremulous relief, cut to the man whose look of love and gratitude always brings a tear to my eye and a lump to my throat.  They’re living a life I could have lived, I think.
Television commercials don’t appear to be peopled with those who have had difficulties with intimacy or other inter-personal issues or substance abuse problems, which means that the actors are doing a really good job since actors often seem to be the demographic most afflicted with these very things, though maybe not so much in these early stages, or what they hope to be the early stages, of their successful careers.  Perhaps all those problems only come later with real celebrity and not just the vague recognition that those who act in television commercials receive.
Despite my suggestibility, television isn’t doing it for me right now; it only makes me long for some real person, somebody to touch in friendship or in lust.  Instead, I’m touching a wound.

Sound retreat
I’ve retreated somewhat in the face of life’s skirmishes and I’m not really sure whom I’m still on speaking terms with.  I’ve distanced myself from that group I used to connect with because we all shared addictive personality disorders.  We’ve met over the years in bars and then rehab, in bars and then again in rehab, etc. but I felt I had to step off the see-saw, even if it meant they got a nasty bump on the way down.
Since I’ve stopped drinking alcohol and brought my pill-popping to a slow crawl, my gay guy friends have drifted away.  I guess I’m not as entertaining as I used to be.  And the women in my life seem as lost to me as the moment at hand.
My support network always seems to finish last in the ratings.
I have to call somebody, preferably someone with whom I haven’t spoken in a while in the hopes that they, unlike some of the acquaintances I’ve been relying on lately, will be genuinely glad to talk to me.  I decided on Tina, whom I’d dated for a number of months I don’t even remember how many years ago.
“Hi, Tina.  It’s Roy.  Roy Moffet.”
“Roy – oh, my God! – you’re still alive.  Why are you calling me?!
“I just wanted to say hello.”
“I told you I never wanted to see or hear from you ever again.”
“I was just wondering how you are.”
“I don’t want you calling here ever again.  I’m still really angry at you.  You really fucked up.  Don’t ever call me again.”
“Oh, god, I forgot about that.”
I couldn’t believe I’d just done that.  I’d called an ex-girlfriend just to check in and catch up and I’d totally forgotten that she was an angry ex-girlfriend with socio-pathic tendencies. We’d had a terrible falling out over a boozy, indiscreet dalliance of mine.  Before leaving my apartment for the last time, she’d taken all my pants, cut out the crotch of each and every one and then folded them neatly back into the dresser drawers.   At the time I thought it was completely crazy but from the vantage point of a few lonely years, it almost seems like an act of unbearable tenderness and solicitude.

Heart plumbing
‘I obviously need to give this more thought,’ I thought, ‘and not rely on spontaneity.’  My best bet, I decided after some further research, would be Chicago Ellen; wise, patient, slutty, self-righteous Ellen – plumber of my heart.
“Roy, you sound so depressed.  What’s going on?” Ellen and I had dated about six years ago and we have tried to keep in touch.  “You’re not drinking are you?”
“No, it’s not that.  I don’t know, I’m in a rut.  And then this happens, my married neighbor sleeps with one of my guests in my own house.”
“Background?” she asked.“I had this older woman staying with me.  My next door neighbor the plumber
noticed her leaving my house and then met her by chance in the Marina…..”  Ellen interrupted me,
“Oh, the Marina, that’s asking for trouble.  I used to meet all my sex dates there.”“What sex dates?  You were going with me almost the whole time you lived here.”
“Well, I mean that last seven weeks or so after we broke up but before I moved back to Chicago.  I was a real slut, probably just the trauma of breaking up with you.  What’s his wife like?”
“Whose?  Oh, ok, Porky’s wife is a sweet heart.  That fucking bastard!”  I was suddenly enraged.
“Sweetheart, it’s nice that you’re concerned for her but why are you getting so worked up about it?”
“He disrespected me!  Not to mention his wife.  Somebody should have told me – it’s my fucking house!”
“Roy, honey, if they’re hooking up for the night, they’re not going to tell anybody.  I mean, think about it.”
“I don’t care, Porky should have been more considerate; he used my B&B as a No-Tell Motel and he knows that could ruin my reputation in the neighborhood.  It could end up being trouble for me.”
“Roy, he’s hardly going to broadcast his infidelity.”
“Yeah, well, it’s more complicated than that.  He’s also my plumber and I have a major plumbing problem.  He’s been working on my plumbing like it’s water torture, you know, prolonging it and already I owe him a king’s ransom.  And get this, he wants me to give him Celestine’s phone number and address so he can go visit her.”
“Are you going to give it to him?”
“I can’t just give him a guest’s information.  That’s private.  He expects me to help him commit adultery?  I don’t think so.  But then if I don’t give it to him, is he going to create problems for me?”

The delicate dance
It wasn’t my plumbing alone that made me reluctant to get on Porky’s shit list.  The relationship I have with my neighbors is one that calls for great delicacy; my position in the neighborhood is quite vulnerable.  I operate in a world of etiquette and caprice so intricate it would spin the head of the craftiest Japanese courtier.  The neighborhood has its own language of gestures and looks that speaks volumes to me but is indecipherable to outsiders.  Passing, seemingly innocent references to city hall or the police unnerve me.
When Mr. Caspek, the octogenarian with a shady Ukrainian past, who lives five doors up the hill, passes me while walking his German shepherd and smiles broadly, I know I’m being watched carefully.  Closely.  If this were only the old country, he says with his smile, if this were only then, I’d show you.  If Bergen-Belsen had given out awards of merit to the staff, his would still be hanging proudly on the wall.
And the rotund gay couple, so nice, like ‘Nice’ is a resort they’re staying at and they’re on a really long vacation, full buffet; they smile constantly even when they don’t have very nice things to say and they don’t have very nice things to say often.  Oh, to the untrained interlocutor they sound nice, but I know better.  Like when I was repainting the house after Arthur died.  He’d had it done up in five shades of pink and I wanted to butch the place up a bit before I moved in.  I was cash strapped and painting it myself with the help of a revolving line-up of acquaintances, most of them recovering from one thing or another (one of them from house painting itself and he had slipped).  I’d sold them on the therapeutic Zen of house painting.  Well, the Balloon Brothers went to lunch on my house and went right for the jugular of my aesthetic principles.
“Arthur did such a nice job painting the house.  Too bad it had to be repainted with the colors you’ve chosen, but you’ve done a great job.”
They had such a condescending attitude like, oh, you’re a straight guy so of course you don’t know what you’re doing and well, we’re the Balloon Brothers, we’re über homosexuals and we’ll show you how to decorate your house.  Do—you—under—stand?
Unlike most straight men, I’m not cowed by gay guys who think they have a lock on good taste.  Far from being the arbiters of taste gay men are all supposed to be, I find that many aspects of gay style offend my sensibilities.  Castro Street is tawdry and those leather garbed men d’une certain age with their teddy bears and their droopy derrieres right out there for all to see.  Wrong, wrong, wrong!
I got my revenge, though, on the Balloon Brothers, when they were repainting their parlor.  I was walking down the sidewalk and their door was open so I peeked in.  I tsk-tsked their paint job and then floored them with this gem of clarity:  “You have to juxtapose; play the combinations of dark and light.  That’s what artists do in their paintings to create depth.  Paint the room in two colors and you’ll create depth.  See how when I open the door my eyes are swimming around like goldfish in a bowl of water with nothing to focus on. Now if you paint the kitchen entry a brighter color, your eyes will fall on the brighter color and make the room seem larger because your eyes will read the colors as distinct spaces in and of themselves. Remember this because it’s really important: ONE SHOULD NEVER PAINT TRIM A DARK COLOR ON A LIGHT COLORED HOUSE OR WALL.  SMALL ACCENTS ONLY.”
I was in rare form.

The gripe vine
Anyway, I have to be careful.  You have a beef with me?  Really want to stab me in the back and dig it in deep?  Just call the Health Department when I’m having a really bad day and the place is a mess.  They can shut me down in a New York minute.  (Native Californians note: a New York minute elapses in the same time frame as a Santa Cruz hour, New Yorkers being about sixty times more likely to get their asses in gear when it’s necessary.)
Call the Board of Supervisors, the Department of Waste Management, the Department of Traffic and Parking, your local representative; the gripe vine runs thick and far in this town and nobody knows how to harvest its fruits better than the good citizens of San Francisco.  Whine country, indeed.
You want to mess with my business?  Destroy my reputation?  Just get on the internet and start leaving nasty little notes on travel websites relating all your nightmarish experiences at Golden Rules Bed and Breakfast.  Destroying me is that simple.  No way for me to refute the charges; if I did try to answer them, I’d just end up sounding petty and desperate – which I’m not.

Dumbwaiter
I continued my harangue with Ellen: “She’s a senior citizen for Christ’s sake and she’s inviting guys back to my house.  I was so nice to her.  Oh, it pisses me off!  I mean she was nice too but then she pulls this.”  Ellen didn’t say anything so I continued.  “Well, she was attractive, I mean I even thought of sleeping with her myself.”
“Are you lonely, sweetheart?”
At first I ignore her attempts to comfort me.
“Nobody communicates with me!  All they had to do was ask my permission.  I just wish people would be more considerate.” I sigh, my deflated ego is leaking still.  “I’m so over that.  I mean I don’t really care, it’s just that…… I don’t know…You liked me didn’t you?”
“I did, I loved you and I still do.”  She keeps her answer short, leaving me a pause to gather myself and continue if I need to.  She is the queen of quietude and I miss these tender moments of silence that she is so free with.
“Yes, I’m lonely.  I haven’t been on a date in months, a lot of months.  I’m embarrassed to tell you how long it’s been since I’ve had sex.  I just can’t seem to get anything right lately.  I loved you.  I mean I’m not hung up on that or anything, that’s not why I’m calling, but I just wanted you to know.”
“I loved you too.  I still do.  I’m sorry it’s been so long since we’ve talked.”
“That’s ok. I’ve made so many mistakes.  I’ve been so self-absorbed.”
“More than anybody else we used to hang out with?  I don’t think so.”
“James died.  Did you know that?’
“No, I didn’t, I’m sorry to hear it.  How?  When?”
“You two kind of drifted apart I know, but I should have called you to tell you anyway.  It was a while ago, I don’t know.  This is what, April?  God, It’s been almost a year.  Has it been that long since we’ve talked?”
“I know, it’s stupid to have gone so long without calling, I’m sorry.”
“He died of a brain seizure or something,” I paused and considered what a downer of a conversation I had embarked on.  So just to perk things up, I said,  “I’m depressed. I haven’t had anybody to love in so long and I don’t understand why.  I’m just disgusted with myself.”
“Don’t be too hard on yourself, Roy.  I think you’re a very sweet man and I’m a dog for not calling you on a monthly basis to tell you that.”
“Don’t apologize, I could have called you.  Listen I’m going to go now, I need to go out for a walk and have a smoke.”
“OK, I love you sweetie and I’ll talk to you again real soon.”
I’m not an apologist for the tobacco companies, mind you, but those little cancer sticks may have been my greatest weapon against drink.  I think some of these anti-smoking crusaders lay it on a bit thick.  The huge billboard of a shockingly ravaged Sammy Davis Junior with a lit cigarette that haunted a black neighborhood in Oakland with only the words ‘They killed him.’ was a stretch for me.  One was left to ponder, ‘They’ who?  White people?  Agents?  Rabbis?  Hookers?
Cigarette smoking is dangerous and it’s sexy and romantic because it’s dangerous.  When I’m smoking, I feel like I’ve graduated from the school of hard knocks, that all the chips have been knocked off my shoulder and now I’m ready to kick ass. I feel like I’ve grown another penis.
I hadn’t smoked in a long time but it seemed like the best way to fend off an incipient craving for alcohol.  I keep Arthur’s stash of liquor in the dumbwaiter where he left it but obviously one may question the wisdom of doing so. It is a temptation that could easily lead to a ‘because it was there’ justification.  But alcohol is all around me out there, so I had to find a way of living with it in here.  How many people can say they have contained their own personal hell in a space 20” X 24” X 18” and keep it under watch?  It’s a daily reminder to me how far I’ve climbed and also gives me the exact dimensions of the hole I’ll land in if I fall back.  AA would say that’s not OK, but AA can kiss my ass.



Chapter VIII: A Musing


When I awoke the next morning I was alone in my empty nest, a mother who has sacrificed a promising career to become homemaker to a large family; the kids leave and then I’m left alone having to decide whether to go back to school or take up drinking.  All I could hear was the muffled swish of traffic and an occasional gurgle from the toilet upstairs.
I again studied the reproduction of the Mona Lisa that hangs on the wall above my bed, trying to figure out how she manages to smile without really smiling.  She is caught for eternity, like her soul-sister Lauren Bacall – also on the wall above my bed – in a nicotine sfumato that shrouds a landscape every bit as contrived as that of the soundstage exteriors in ‘The Big Sleep’.
Porky’s back door knock broke the spell these sirens held me in.
“Here,” Porky said as he handed me a yellowed envelope, “I want you to read this and then you judge me.”
“What is this?”
“Just read it.”
I began reading the letter inside: ‘Dear Emil…’
“Emil?”  I asked Porky.  “Your real name is Emil?”  I was amused.  “Emil Flores, that’d be a great name if you were a Belgian florist.”  I continued reading, ‘I want you to know how much I’ve treasured the time we’ve spent together these last few years in school.  You made trigonometry bearable and I don’t think I’ll ever stop laughing at your impersonations of Mr. Soule – you’ve brought so much laughter into my life and nobody knows better than you how much I needed that.
I’ve thought about what you said to me on Saturday and it made me think of what a good husband and father you’ll be some day.  You are kinder and more helpful than just about anyone else I know and those are surely two qualities that someone will treasure in you.  I do care for you very much, but I can’t marry you.  My parents would be upset if I even tried to date you let alone be your wife.  I’m not proud of that and it’s not fair, but we are both from such different worlds it would be too difficult for us to try to make a life together.  Please don’t hate me for that, I think you know it’s true.
It may be best for us not to see each other for a while, just until we get a chance to adjust to things, but I hope you will always be my friend.  I do care for you deeply, Love June.’
“That’s sad Porky, you really loved this girl, huh?”
“Yes, but she wouldn’t let herself love me, and she did love me.”
“Well, that’s too bad but…..  So, what, I’m supposed to feel bad that you didn’t get this white girl and give you Celestine’s address as compensation?”
“You’re a jerk,” said Porky as he grabbed the letter out of my hand.
“No, you’re the jerk,” I said.  “You’re the one who wants me to help you to abandon your wife so you can run off with some one night stand.”
“I have the same feeling for this woman as I did for that girl I knew years ago.  The very same feeling and I’m too old not to take what I want when it’s right there in front of me.”
“Porky, if it were right in front of you, you wouldn’t need her address and phone number.  I wouldn’t exactly call Camarillo right in front of you.”
“She lives in Camarillo?  Just give me her last name, I’ll go find her myself.”
“Porky, I can’t just give you a guest’s personal information.  People expect discretion and privacy when they stay with me.  They’re not expecting one of my neighbors to come banging on the door of their homes just because you thought she was sexy.”
“This is different, we slept together, we shared laughs and talked about ourselves to each other.”
“Well, why didn’t you get her address and phone number then?”
“Because we were living in a beautiful moment and we didn’t want anything to disrupt that.”
“I don’t know Porky, it seems to me if Celestine had wanted you to have that information, she would have just given it to you.  Doesn’t that make sense?”
“We had a beautiful sexual encounter, it wasn’t about what was rational or what makes sense.  Hasn’t that ever happened to you?”Yes, it had, not in a while but if I sat and thought about it, I did have a fling or two, the memory of which could help me to empathize completely with Porky.
“Please do this for me.  Please.  If you do this for me, I will give you plumbing that will cause you to burst into tears of joy every time you turn on the faucet.  I will make your pipes sing.”
Now he had my attention.
There was no one else within earshot but I started whispering.  “Porky, does this really sound like a good idea?”
And Porky whispered back, “Look, I’ve been a faithful husband for over thirty years.”
“So, you’re going to throw all of that away now?  Because of someone who didn’t even bother giving you her last name or address.”
“That doesn’t mean she doesn’t want to see me again.”
Then Porky did something melodramatic and highly effective.  He took out the bill for all the work he’d done and began tearing it in half, in quarters, eighths, sixteenths and then with flair he tossed them all into the air where they scattered as confetti.  This was the ticker-tape parade that led me down the road of unethical behavior.
I opened the drawer in the kitchen where I keep all the registration cards that I have guests fill out.  I found Celestine’s and copied the pertinent information out on a scrap of paper for Porky.
“You are not to tell Celestine that I gave you this.  I mean it.  If you do, I’m going to Pinky and tell her the whole sordid business.  Swear that you won’t.”
“I swear I won’t.”
“No, I mean really swear that you will never tell Celestine.”
“Oh, for cripes sake, I really swear that I will never tell Celestine.”
“Nor anyone else.”
“I really swear that I will never tell anyone else.”
“Nor any government agencies, local, state or federal.”
“Nor any government agencies, local, state or federal.”
I handed him the slip of paper.
Before he ran out the door, though, I had to ask him,
“Is this a mid-life crisis, Porky?”
“This is not a crisis, this is an intense feeling of desire.”
“Well, if this is what I have to look forward when I become middle-aged, I’m not exactly looking forward to it.”
“WHEN you become middle-aged?!”
“I’m not middle-aged.”
“Of course you’re middle-aged, you’re forty.”
“That’s not middle-aged.”
“Yes, it is.  How long are you planning to live?”
“I hope to hit my eighties but I’m never going to make it with an attitude like yours.”
“Well, what’s half of eighty?  It’s forty, it divides eighty right down the middle, hence middle-aged.  You’re a victim of Candy Bar Syndrome.”
“You mean when the manufacturers cut back on size but still charge the same amount?”
“Exactly!  It’s the same mentality that calls a 2”x 4” a 2”x4” instead of its actual size of 1 1/2”x 3 1/2”.  Or, worse yet, the 2”x 10” which, if reality were taken into account, would be named 1 1/2”x 9 – that’s a whole inch!”
“Don’t you have things to do?”

Brume sticks
It was to be a day for desperate acts.
Tip was desperate for warm bodies to fill beds and I for one female body to fill my own bed and we lowered our standards accordingly on both counts.
Charlene, or Suzanne as she first presented herself to me, came into my life and this environment of desperation as though scheduled according to a precise lunar calendar.
It was an appropriately stormy night, the winds clearing the usually overcast sky and I watched the rapidly flying brume and the large white pill of the moon dissolving in a palliative of fog and ether.  I got an overly excited call from Tip that he had a live one and I should get ready to check someone in.  ‘I’llcallyourightback,’ he said in one long word.  Germans, I’m told, make big words like that out of lots of little words.  I waited for his call which came a minute or two later.
“She’s just called from the Riteway in the Mission.  She’ll be there in five minutes.  I told her she could have the spot in back; so, 65 dollars a night if she stays two nights.  She wants to look the place over before she decides, so turn on the charm.  Let her know what a bargain she’s getting, I told her about your fresh fruit plates, she sounded interested.”

Rough sex
Her car soon arrived out by the side near the back gate, which I went out to open for her.  She drove one of those overly large 1970’s gas-guzzlers that Detroit rode into decline and she never took her eyes off me as she coasted in.  She took her time diddling in the car before she emerged.  She was thin, with a pixie haircut and long earrings that made her head look like a Chinese lantern.  She tilted her head left so that one earring scraped her shoulder and it was odd to see her lower right arm snap up from the elbow because it had appeared glued to the side of her body.  She kept it at a perfectly rigid ninety degree angle, like she was trying to maintain her hold on something pressed to her side as she shook hands, which was hardly a shake because her hand was kept in a flat plane that was hard to grasp in greeting.  It’s what I would imagine the coupling of ironing boards to be like if I spent time thinking about such things, which I do despite all my efforts not to.
“Nice to meet you,” I said.  “Beautiful moon isn’t it?  I love a bright full moon.”
She remained quiet and then said, “Mmmm, The moon gives medicine to the shore.”
“What’s that?” I asked, though I’d heard her well enough.
“The moon makes the tides and a woman’s cycle, a woman’s ebb and flow.”
“Yeah,” I said, thinking this was going to be a long night.  I got a nightmarish flash of her and myself as two octogenarian retirees, Eb and Flo, sitting on the front porch of our mobile home at the edge of the trailer park, looking out onto the interstate, watching it all go by; back and forth, back and forth.
“Look out for the sidewalk here, the roots from this tree have made it a trip hazard,” I warned her.
We climbed the front stairs in silence.  Inside the lamps cast yellow light.  I could see her clearly now and her face looked flushed as though feverish.  She was still wearing that smug smile she had when she got out of the car.  I began to show her around, and she seemed to like what she saw, saying ‘lovely’ and ‘mmmm’ often.   We climbed the stairs, her in front of me moving her ass to one of those saxophone riffs that signaled a wanton nymphomaniac in old movies; her own private soundtrack.  She was too bony to pull it off but the effort registered.  I showed her Septimus and Mimi. When we got to Jefferson, she suddenly collapsed onto the bed as though she’d been on her feet for days.  She closed her eyes and said, “ I just need to spend a little time here and get a feeling for the room to see if it’ll be right for me.  Do you mind?”
“No, not at all why don’t you just think about it for a few minutes.   I’ll be downstairs, just knock on the door at the end of the hall when you’re ready.”
Five minutes later she knocked on my door.  “This is a nice place you have.  What’s the neighborhood like?”
“It’s fabulous: safe, lots of restaurants.”
“Are there any places around where I can unwind?  You know really relax and maybe meet someone.”
“There are tons of bars, some real old neighborhood places, lots of character.”
“I was thinking more along the lines of a club, someplace discreet where I could play.”
“Huh, not in this neighborhood really.”  I was getting a bit nervous.
“Could I just have a few more minutes to decide.  Can I just sit in the living room a little longer?”
“No problem.  I’ll be out in a few.”  I closed the door to my apartment again and slid the latch back.  I was trying to figure out what was going on with her, thinking that it couldn’t be this easy to get laid.  She was a little off, just short of creepy, a girl whose glass was half empty.  Could I hold back her mental illness long enough for me to get off?
It was useless trying to be rational, my dick was making a tent out of my sweat pants and there was no shutting it down.  So I bit my lower lip, closed my eyes, counted to five and sauntered out into the living room.  “So what would you like?” I asked her
“That,” she said from the couch.  I walked right up to her and she stretched the top of my sweats down to my thighs.  I needed this and suddenly the fact that she was unbalanced became a turn on and really, during the sex she didn’t seem any crazier than anyone else doing what she was doing, which was everything rough I could push or pull from her.
We worked up to a heated finish in the middle of the living room, steaming like a compost pile.  She decided to stay; I would have felt weird if she hadn’t but that unease I’d felt around her came back as soon as I caught my breath after orgasm.  She paid me sixty-five dollars cash and said she would get the rest tomorrow at the bank.
“Which room would you like?”
“How ‘bout the one in the front, the white one.  I love the big mirror and the draperies and everything all white.  What was it called?”
“Mimi, it’s my favorite, though you hear the traffic a bit more than the others.”
“That’s not a problem, the traffic doesn’t bother me.  I even like the way the headlights shine into the room off and on.  It seems so mysterious.”
Three hours or so later I awoke in my own bed feeling horny.  I walked out into the hallway.  The lamps were all dark now, timed to shut off at midnight.  The moon streaked through the windows leaving blue shadows that seemed to peel off the objects in the house.   As I climbed the stairs they squealed.  All the doors were open but she wasn’t in Mimi and I could see that all the beds in the other rooms had been slept in.  This really annoyed me and I was ready for some angry sex, but she was nowhere to be found.
I went downstairs and stood in the big bay window staring at the street, my erection prominent.  I was in a frenzy to rub and suck some woman’s skin and no longer having other options, I took care of myself right there in plain view, my good standing in the neighborhood be damned.  I made a mess.  Practicality snapping to attention as soon as my penis had eased, I ran back to my rooms for a robe, a towel and a tonic of bubbly water and lemon juice, which I doused on the spray of semen on the rug.
“I’m melting, I’m melting,” I said on behalf of the deaf-mute spermatozoids.
I did walk out to the back door and a parting of the curtains confirmed what I already knew, she’d driven away and in a last act of thoughtlessness, she’d left the gate open.
I went out in my bare feet to close the gate, struggling a bit with its sagging frame and disabled hardware.
“How are you,” a voice from up the block intoned.  It was that of my rotund homosexual neighbor, representing about sixty percent of the combined bulk of the Balloon Brothers (or roughly 300-plus pounds).  He speaks as though always talking to kitty cats or small children with learning disabilities.
“Hi, a little late, or early, for dog walking, isn’t it?’
“Not any more, Mr. Beezly is on an exercise regimen.  He’s getting a teeny bit heavy, so I’ve been waking him up every night for a little after midnight doggy walk.”  Mr. Beezly was one of those tawny, curly haired dogs which I can never remember the breed of.
I looked my neighbor over from top to bottom lingering on the rolls of flab that cascaded from above his ears, down below his chin, pouring over his belly and disseminating over the pubic area and around the thighs, and then I looked at Mr. Beezly, 90% of whose body weight was blow dried fur, and I knelt down and said directly to the dog, “Someone has a bad case of dysmorphia.”
“I think she got her shot for that,” my concerned neighbor assured me.
“Goodnight,” I said and returned to the house.
I was pissed that I’d have to make three beds and violently upset at what I took to be, at three in the morning, a sexual betrayal but it could all wait for the morning, which, oh, come to think of it, it already was.  I kicked furniture and cabinet doors with my bare feet , shouted things like, “fucking bitch” and then went for the linen closet to get clean sheets to make the beds because experience has taught me that if I’d left the beds unmade until later, I’d have gotten a phone call at 8am from my agent telling me to prepare for the imminent arrival of a busload of Japanese tourists.

Fates
You can’t work with the public without a coming up hard against Murphy’s Law. I think that it will soon be recognized as an established scientific fact.  It’s just another corollary of the laws of entropy: all matter breaks down, therefore everything that can go wrong will go wrong.
Like the time I had this nice couple stay with me.  They had a daughter in college, nice looker who only had a passing interest in moi, and I gave them the suite. Well, he calls my attention at the breakfast table one morning and as an aside, in order not to panic the other guests, he tells me there’s a grave situation in his room, Aldaric, that demands my attention.  I follow him reluctantly out to his room, which has it’s own entrance at the back and occupies what most people mistakenly call the basement. It is however not the basement but the sous sol. He points to a corner beside the bed; by this time I’m afraid I’ll find the bloodied corpse of his wife, and as I kneel down, I’m smack in the middle of a swarm of ants, I mean gajillions of them.  That’s when I found out he was a reviewer for an international travel magazine.
“Arrgg,” I said, unconsciously mimicking those comic strip characters, the dog and the bird and all those kids with bowling ball heads, whose anguishes, ennuis and sorties I followed religiously as a child.
Or the time this old woman was staying with me. I love old ladies but this one was a bit out to pasture (sweet, though, very sweet) and she’s definitely breaking down; she’s the proven proposition. You’ve heard of the Teflon president?  She was the Gor-Tex granny; trouble just wicked off her like sweat from a jack-ass in heat. She could pick flowers in a field in the middle of D-Day and come out of it without a scratch. She remains immaculate while empires and my home crumble around her.
Nothing ever went quite right during her visit.  She went out without her key four times and I had to come racing back to let her in five times (one time she had her key, but just couldn’t open the door.)  She left the tea kettle on, the milk out, the bath water running, the toilet plugged, several electrical appliances on high, six slices of burnt toast, one of which caught on fire, indelible stains on the carpet and me with a black eye – oh, and a two dollar tip!
In the future all folk wisdom will be seen to have a firm foundation in science.  They’ve already discovered that chicken soup helps you to get over illness.  I haven’t actually read the studies but apparently there are certain chemical compounds that affect the immune system in a really good way.  Think of how unimpressed and secretly proud all those Jewish and Italian grandmothers were when they heard that!
And the way bad luck always happens in threes, they’ll find that it is one of the fundamental properties girding the universe.  Let’s assume X to be your effort.  We assign X a value 0: X=0; no effort on your part.  A force Y intercepts your effort in equilibrium as expressed by 0/Y creating an inherently unstable condition that, according to the Bad Luck Law of Threes, opens the way for further assaults upon X at 0 before righting itself in time to make for a neat little package of three catastrophes.
There is a reason that whenever you go to your gym locker, there will be four other people shuffling their possessions around in their lockers, folding everything just so and those lockers will be to your immediate left, right and below you, right in the same tight corner as yours, though the rest of the locker room is empty.  Finally we have The Lemming Principle of Probable Massing to explain this heretofore little understood phenomenon.  It has to do with the way we’re all wired; how we’re such social beings that we simultaneously get an urge to interact and the act of all of us going to that same small corner will provide us with one of the few opportunities we’ll have to actually try to talk to other people we don’t already know at the gym.
And why is it that a church like calm will reign all day while you’re at home waiting for some important phone calls and then suddenly when you can’t put off defecating or urinating even one more second, and with great relief you are seated comfortably on the potty in mid squeeze, suddenly the phone rings.  Do you pinch and waddle over to the phone?  At least now, with the scientific proof of the When the Shit Hits the Fan Theory of Timing, you’ll understand there’s a reason behind what had previously been perplexing and deeply aggravating.

By the time 8:00 rolled around, I was wiped out.  The phone rang, proving again that death, taxes and an early phone call from Tip were the only things I could count on in my life.
“Good Morning, how’s the weather over there?”  When he’s feeling cocky and overly confident, Tip sometimes sees himself as the emotional weatherman; he wants everyone to know how in touch he is and how much he cares about the minute to minute fluctuation of your feelings.  “How’s the weather over there,” he says, trying to elicit some messy emotional confession that makes him feel as though he’s on the six o’clock news, sweeping his arms over back-lit maps of America.
“Fair.”
“How’s our little oddball member of the human race doing?”
“Gone.”
“What do you mean, gone?  You mean crazy gone or out for the day gone?
“Nope.”
“Vanished gone?”
“She left some time late last night but not before sleeping in all the beds and leaving them a mess.”
“What!?  Wasn’t she happy?”
“Slap Happy.”
“That Abby Normal.  That twat.”
“Her twat was the one normal thing about her.”
I was glad to be rid of her, but I couldn’t help wondering; where had she come from; where had she gone?



Chapter VIIII: Riddle of the Sphincter


The evidence that I’m an asshole was mounting.
Exhibit A:  Nobody called me anymore.
Exhibit B:  When former friends and acquaintances saw me in public, they looked the other way.
Exhibit C:  I didn’t even care that much.
Tip seemed to be the only human being on the planet who insisted on having regular contact with me.
“Are you ready to shake the blues away?”  he asked me after I picked up the telephone that morning.
“Possibly.”
“Answer yes or no.”
“Yes, I’m ready,” I said rather limply.
“Come on, more enthusiasm!  Carpe diem!  Seize the day!”
“Yeah, that’s just what my day needs right now is a seizure.”
“You’re going to have something only slightly less painful than a seizure – two rooms full of French people.”
“Really?” I asked.  I adore France; I felt encouraged by the news.  “When are they coming?”
“Not till later tonight, sometime after nine.  They’re flying in from Houston and will probably be very tired.  Give them Jefferson and Mimi, total $150 per night for four nights.  So, we’re still on for today, right?”
“Absolutely.”  I had scrounged up a couple of pet sitting gigs and wanted Tip to come along to see our new clients.
“I’m so excited.  Let me check….Yes, I’ve got the address and I’ll see you there around twelve or so.”

Pets
Some time after noon I found myself in the apartment of a near stranger ready to give succor to a beautiful and slightly neurotic Siamese cat.  I called to her as I lay down on the couch and she moved swiftly and gracefully into the room like a 1930’s film actress in an Adrian gown.  She approached me, sauntering down the coffee table, truly her cat walk, jumped onto my chest and after much fidgeting, settled down into a sphinx pose; her paws at my throat, her little asshole above my belly button.  We chatted quietly and as usual I had to carry the conversation and it was all about her.  ‘It’s always about you, isn’t it precious?”
The doorbell rang. I buzzed Tip in and greeted him,  ‘Hi, Tip.”
“Hi.  How’s business?” he said, giving the apartment a quick once over and sniffing money in the air.  “Is that a cat you’re holding?”
“Yeah, duh.  Did you have to ask?”
“I thought this guy had a dog. I hate,” and here he paused for emphasis, “felines,” as though it was some terrible insult.
“First of all this ‘guy’ is a gal and second of all, how can you say that?”  I bent my head down and said sweetly to the cat, “I jus’ wuv da wittew kitties.”  Certain animals, like my favorite old movies, draw from me the most heinous sentiment.
“Well, that’s one reason I hate cats, that prissy, tweety bird voice people use to talk to them and in addition they have way, way too much attitude; those Egyptians spoiled them rotten.”
“It’s not their fault, and we don’t call a five thousand year old attitude problem, a problem.  It’s a trait.”  Tip crouched down and put his face up to the cat and looked her in the eye.
“IT would make a great mummy,” he said.
“My poor poopy shoes, don’t you wisten to him,” I said as I began stroking the cat vigorously in all the right places.
“They’re killers! The only reason she doesn’t rip your throat out is because you’re bigger than she is.”
“It’s true; and she’d being doing it slowly just to prolong her joy.”
“Oh, just look at that cruel mouth and those cold eyes.  She gives me the willies.”
The cat growled deep and low.
“Look, you’ve upset her, stop it.  She’s hewping me pay my went,” I said to the cat as I deep massaged her.   Tip thought of loyal, trustworthy dogs as Republicans and slinky, sophisticated cats as Democrats.
“So, what does this person do for a living?” Tip asked as he fingered a table for dust.
“Finance.”
“What does that mean?”
“I’m not really sure exactly.  She travels to Asia a lot.  In fact she’s away more than at home.  It’s sad, all these professionals who have no time to feed, walk, play with or even touch their pets.  I feel bad for them.”
“Pets or professionals?”
“Well, both really.  Owners numbed by their soul sucking jobs just aren’t able to provide a good home environment for the pets, who suffer needlessly.”
“Suffer?!  Not able to provide a good home environment for the pets?!  Are you crazy?  I’m on the seventh floor of a building in Pacific Heights gazing languidly at my fabulous view of the Bay.  As I turn my head slowly, oh so slowly, so as not to hit the vintage two thousand dollar Venini lamp, I notice my fifteen thousand dollar entertainment center, which dominates the living room of original Stickley furniture.  When is the ASPCA going to compel the government to clear these wretched slums!?  That’s what I want to know.”
“I mean love.  These animals know they’re being shunted off to strangers.  It’s a great cause of anxiety for them.”
“Well, you’re the expert on anxiety.”
“Don’t flatter yourself.”
I fed and watered the cat, changed her forlorn kitty litter and gave her the contractual fifteen minutes of play-time, which was excruciating for Tip to watch.

Public transitions
When I’d finished with the kitty, we went out to the bus stop on the corner.  Tip’s car was in the shop and I had left mine at home.  Sometimes when I’m feeling lazy I like to take the bus; I like to have someone else take the responsibility of transporting me.  So we took the Fillmore bus headed for the next assignment on Alamo Square.
“There are two seats in back, let’s grab those.”
“No, Roy, I can’t sit facing the back of the bus.  I get totally nauseated.”
“It’s all in your head, Tip.  It’s psychological.”
“OK, but I’m not going to run out and pay thousands of dollars to some therapist just so I can give myself some more options while riding public transportation, which I’ll most likely never do again.”
We found two seats, one in front of the other on the aisle.  Barely two minutes into the ride, I notice Tip acting wiggy.  He’s looking around furtively, but trying not to make eye contact with anyone.
“What’s going on, Tip?” I ask him with a locked jaw that I hope will make my question unintelligible to those around us.
“This is making me really nervous,” Tip says, sotto voce.
“Why?”
“Do you know any of these people?”
I look around and whisper,
“No.”
“Aren’t you worried?”
“About what, Tip?”  He was promoting me to a more advanced level of annoyance.
“These strangers.”
“Ok, Tip, describe to me what you’re seeing.”
“I see a lot of people that look like Arab terrorists.”
“Tip, you’re embarrassing me!” I say in a harsh whisper.   I jab him in the shoulder to make him turn around and then I inaudibly mouth,
“They’re Mexican.”
“Oh.”
We got off at Hayes Street and walked the block up the hill.  Tip was rather pensive before he said,
“Sorry, Roy, I didn’t mean to freak out like that on the bus.”
“Oh, it’s ok.  I had a weird experience like that once.  Except instead of terrorists everybody on the bus looked like Sissy Spacek.  Let’s stop for a smoke before we go in.”

Bondage
Whenever I get together with Tip, I try to keep our interaction brief, because brevity is not something he achieves easily, particularly when he’s smoking.  The noxious fumes seem to smoke out all the thoughts in his head, send them rushing for the nearest exit.  I was thinking we hadn’t had any quality time together lately and after embarrassing himself in front of me, he might want to talk.  But a heart-to-heart talk for Tip means gossip, not soul-search.  He loves to recount the woes of Sheila, his former co-worker and confidante.  And so he began the next installment of the ongoing serial:
“Her first husband sounded like a complete asshole.  He died on her and did it in the most disgusting way.  He was out at this bar called the Oktoberfest getting sloppy drunk, per usual”.
(Tip then asks me if I might have known Sheila’s husband because he thinks Alcoholism is like the Ivy League.  “I don’t think so,” I tell him, but I neglect to mention I’d knocked back more than a few alkoholisches Getränk’s  in my days at the Oktoberfest.  He continues:)
“He gets up to leave and as he’s walking into the street he gets hit by a speeding car; obviously the driver was confused and thought he was on the autobahn or something.  So the car hits him and severs his body in two and then his top half from the waist up flies back at the car and kills one of the passengers.  Freaky or what?”
“That’s disgusting.”
“I know, talk about bizarre, but that’s not all.  So, the family’s making funeral arrangements and his mother and first wife start arguing about where he should be buried.  The mother wants Tulsa, first wife wants Oklahoma City.  So Sheila, the second wife, the one I worked with -- I can’t believe she said this -- suggests that since the body is already in two pieces they can bury him in both places.  Well, the shock of it all made the first wife cave in – Tulsa was just fine with her after all.  So, everybody’s happy right?  Well, when they see the tombstone on the day of the funeral it reads ‘Devoted husband, father, son and a fabulous lover’ (as she was looking at it, Sheila’s thinking, right, abusive husband, absent father, disrespectful son, unimaginative lover; devoted exclusively to alcohol).  The mother was pissed; she accuses the first wife, ‘why did you do this to me?  Is this because you didn’t get Oklahoma City?’  ‘I didn’t do it’, says the first wife.  Then she points to Sheila, the second wife, the one I worked with, and says ‘She did it.’  And Sheila’s like, ‘don’t look at me’.  Turns out he had a mistress who ordered the stone but regretfully couldn’t make it to the funeral because of a scheduling conflict.  Weirder than fiction or what?  Sheila said any woman who thought he was a fabulous lover must have had a porcupine for a pussy.”
“What did she mean by that?”
“I don’t know.”
“I don’t handle death very well, it makes me nervous.  Funerals are a disaster for me.  Everybody manages to be nice and consoling but not me; I have to say stupid things that never quite sound humane once they’ve left my mouth.  Especially when I’m under the influence.  I’m offensive at funerals.”
“Maybe you have a fear of death.  What’s the word for that?”
“What do you mean?”
“You know, like the fear of hanging around in the city with lots of people is angoraphobia…”
“You mean agoraphobia.  Angoraphobia is the fear of expensive sweaters.”
“Right, so what’s the word for fear of death, like, you know, Mortphobia or something?”
“You’re kidding, right?” I asked, and don’t think I wasn’t snide when I said it.  “Everybody’s afraid of death, why would they have a word for that?”
“I mean an unreasonable fear of death.”
“What’s unreasonable about fearing death?  We’re all going to die.  That’s scary.  It’s never unreasonable to fear death.”
“Ok, Roy, you’re getting a little stuck.”  The full horror of his public transport terrorist scare was just now sinking in and Tip began ruminating on his own imminent demise.
“I think I have T.B.,” he stated.
“I thought we were changing the subject.”
“We are.  First we were talking about you, now we’re talking about me.”  He gave himself a moment and then repeated, with more urgency,  “Roy, I think I have T.B.”
“No you don’t, you have a cold.  Are you spitting up blood?”
“No.”  Tip is always surprised at how down to earth I can be at times.  I can be as ‘get to the point’ as anyone.
“Well?”
“But when I cough I can taste the blood at the back of my throat.  Sometimes I feel like Garbo in ‘Camille.”
“Tip, your wardrobe isn’t nice enough to make comparisons with Garbo appropriate.”
“Oh, l’amour, l’amour, la morte, la morte,” he said, as he blew a perfect smoke ring of the sort I’ve never been able to manage.  For one nanosecond I envied him.  “I don’t think my landlord would let me die in my apartment.  He had a fit when my goldfish died and I left them out in the hall. What I really need is an artist’s garret with subdued northern light, like Gene Kelly had in ‘An American in Paris’.”
“Artist’s garrets are now called penthouses and rent out at many thousands of dollars a month.”
“I suppose I could die at my friend Sharon’s.”  (Sheila, Sharon, Shaniqua; it seemed that all Tip’s female acquaintances had names that began with the shooshing sound ‘ssshhh..’)  “She lives in an illegal basement apartment that violates all health and fire codes. It’s hardly got any natural light.  Of course I couldn’t linger.  I think she’d only let me stay if she knew it was going to be a quick death.”
Tip and I fell silent and took to staring numbly at the postcard ‘Painted Ladies’, those Victorian houses with identical rooflines known to all the world.  At the peak of each roof stands a wooden gee-gaw exclamation point, though a comma would be more appropriate.  I broke the silence,
“God I wish those things would burn down.”
“Oh, hallelujah, right down to their foundations,” Tip answered.
I was happy that Tip and I were bonding, finding common ground outside of Golden Rules but then I remembered how much he loves our president.  I abruptly stood up to leave – “What, we’re leaving already, we just got here,” he said in response – and began walking across the grass trying to avoid the dog shit and the dense clusters of tourists who take pictures of those cursed houses like the old colonials took wild beasts from Africa and had them mounted on the walls; you hadn’t really done the trip if you hadn’t bagged your game.

Bugsy
“A bunny,” Tip said, when we were up in the apartment and he noticed the rabbit, like it was something he had to think over.
“Yes, Tip, a bunny.”  He was giving me a sour look.  “What?”
“Well, I don’t know, kitties, bunnies.  This isn’t exactly what I had in mind.  I mean the business is called ‘Pooch Smooch’, a pooch is a dog.”
“Pooch Smooch’ is a working title and rabbits are a lot of fun.”
“I don’t know.  Look at what a piece of work Bugs Bunny was.”

Some animals reign over households as deposed princes or puppet monarchs.  Giggles the rabbit would sprawl on his belly like a plump teenage girl reading a magazine in front of the television: inattentive and self-absorbed.  But sometimes he would stand on his hind legs bent over and rubbing his paws like an old crone in a fairytale.  ‘Apples, apples,’ he seemed to be saying.  And the endless douching and primping and preening!
Tip fell back into the role of observer and into the vintage 60’s couch that I worried was not hale enough to withstand his unique fat/lean body mass.  He began leafing through magazines, each issue of which costs as much as a hard cover book.
“Don’t sweat on those,” I felt it necessary to warn him.  I’d noted years ago that the chemical composition of Tip’s perspiration was such that it degraded the print ink of publications that he held too long, leaving smudges and his fingerprints all over them.  Certain South American toads secrete venom with similar properties.
I grabbed a carrot from the fridge and began pouring pellets into Giggles’ feed bowl as he navel gazed and licked his private parts on the kitchen floor.
“This really isn’t necessary,” I said as I bowed down to talk to him while he continued obsessively cleaning himself, “Tip isn’t company, he’s just the hired help and I’m sorry dear but it’s been years since you’ve had suitors come calling.”
Giggles was kept; valued for his beauty and his sleek presence, he was that much the gigolo.  He had an air of the effete about him, with his pin-up girl poses and his pampered languor.  His stay in the house was bereft of demands.  In fact he did nothing of any practical value, never even offered to help out as some of the dogs do.  He knew he was getting away with something; he delighted in dropping his tiny round balls of dung all throughout the house.  These little ovoid bits of shit were the materialization of his mirth, nervous giggles made manifest.  Too reserved to laugh out loud at a house full of absurdities, or to laugh at the absurdity of houses themselves, he would run and hop like a hooligan from room to room, a pea-sized pellet here, tee-hee, another over there, tee-hee, a pile on the sofa-ba-ha-ha-ha.  The rabbit had a cosmic sense of humor; all the concerns and conceits of his owners were cause for quiet amusement, likewise the very idea of ownership.  He was aloof but became rattled at the slightest disturbance.
For the bunny, the gnashing of his teeth on books, furniture and sticks is his way of helping his owners loosen the tethers that tie them down.  Likewise all the animals make mulch of materialism.  Perhaps that’s the task domestic animals have been charged with, to watch over the humans and slowly shred all our material possessions, to compost all our things, leaving us less encumbered, to chew away at our lives as life chews away at our calendars.

Les Français did indeed arrive later that evening around nine o’clock.  They were two middle-aged couples who were earthy and physically fit.  I’d known French people like this, from good peasant stock who, though they live in suburbs and cities, still have mothers and fathers and uncles and aunts who are of the soil.  These old country people make sharp wines and have bowed legs and large hands that look like misshapen tools.
I spent a delightful half-year of my life in France when I was around twenty. I used to speak French quite well – I was once mistaken for a Swiss person (I assumed they meant a French-speaking one).  I was rather proud of that even though I knew it was something of a put down: the French spoken by the Swiss is considered less than top-notch but worlds better than anything an American could come up with.
I couldn’t wait to be mocked by the French; c’est toujours un grand plaisir.



Chapter X: La-La France


There was an uneasy calm hanging over the day, a torpor that was made empty by the absence of certain habitual markers.  Tip hadn’t called me at all that morning, which is unusual and indicated some illicit behavior on his part.  But the most disturbing thing was the absence of Pinky on her front stoop.  I kept checking every fifteen minutes but no sign of her.  This suggested that Porky had indeed crossed over into forbidden waters and was now dragging Pinky into depths she’d never known.
There was trouble in the air.

Frankish Talk
The French people heartily enjoyed breakfast.
“These pastries are delicious,” they said.  At first I wasn’t sure if they were mocking me, because the pastries I serve are industrial products purchased from the huge warehouse store near the freeway.
“Vraiment?” I asked.
“Yes, did you make them yourself?”
“Non, je les acheté au magasin.”  I hoped they wouldn’t ask me which store I bought them at.  “I’m glad you like them.”
“And this fruit is so good.  Comme on dit, ‘California – land of fruits and nuts.’

I finally called Tip just as the French were finishing up breakfast.
“So, get this Tip, the French folks loved breakfast.  They even asked me if I made the Danish myself.  I mean they’re French and they said the food was good!  That’s really saying something.”
“Can’t you tell sarcasm when you hear it?  They’re just being bitchy and condescending.”
“You know, I’m so over this mindless Anglo-American French bashing.”
Tip made a ‘puh’ sound of the sort grandmothers make at the start of blood feuds in small villages all over Sicily and then he said,
“The French are a mess.  They made their bed and now the sheets are in a twist and the bedpan’s full.  It’s not a pretty bed.”
“I swear, if you mention Jerry Lewis, I’ll scream.”
“Jerry Lewis, Jerry Lewis, Jerry Lewis.”
“Catherine De Neuve, Catherine De Neuve, Catherine De Neuve.”
“She’s eighty years old.”
“And she’s still gorgeous.”
“Name the last time they had something positive to say.  You know, helpful, constructive.  Every time something goes down in the world they wait for us to do something and then they bitch and whine that we’re doing it all wrong.  I notice they never have a problem sending in their troops to quell order in those Franco-phony African countries they still pull the strings in.  They’re just pissed off that the rest of us have moved on.”
“Oh, please – ‘Freedom Fries’?
“Freedom fries, freedom fries, freedom fries.  I don’t have any problem saying it.”
“You’d be great on the debate team, Tip like, in – KINDERGARTEN!”
“They complain because we’re torturing terrorists and then they force-feed millions of geese just so they can have something to smear on crackers at art openings.  Have you ever taken a Citroën out for a spin?”
“I will concede the French are hopeless when it comes to car design and contemporary music, but …...”
“Tip of the iceberg!  Like French movies, when was the last time you saw a good looking guy in a French movie?”
“When was the last time you even saw a French movie?”
“Exactly!  The women are all drop dead gorgeous and they’re panting after these morose malcontents with birth defects.  There haven’t been any good looking guys in French movies for forty years, and even then they were Italian.”
“Whatever, Tip.  You’re such a right-wing reactionary.  If they named a dance after you it’d be called the Lock-Step. As far as I’m concerned anyone who doesn’t like France can just French-kiss my ass.”
There was an uncomfortable silence, only our panting could be heard.  Oooops, I thought, shouldn’t have said that.  We both cleared our throats and then Tip began speaking in a more neutral tone of voice.
“I meant to remind you last night before the French people checked in,” Tip continued,  “Did you check their passports and ID cards?”
“No, I didn’t.”
“We’re getting too soft,” he declared.  “We can’t afford to let our guard down.  The president has reminded us that the war on terror will be a long one and we must remain vigilant.  I know you scoff at that…”
Here was a bone of contention between Tip and I.  The law requires us to write down all the pertinent information of our guests and even to check their identification with passports and driver’s licenses.  We’ve always been pretty lax about that, especially if a guest is paying cash.  But after the terrorist attacks, we were suddenly inspired by fear to carefully check each bit of identifying information and write it all down.  We did eye scans with our own eyes just to see if they’d give anything away.  Did they have return tickets?  Did their plans include enough activities to fill their entire vacation or did their schedule suddenly clear midway through their trip with a visit to one of San Francisco’s landmark bridges or capitalist office towers?
But after some months then years of relative quiet on the domestic terrorism front (except for that helpful spate of code orange alerts during the presidential campaign) we sort of let our guard down.  Now, after Tip’s harrowing ride on public transportation, he was all fired up to play J. Edgar Hoover again – even if he had to put on a dress to do it.
I scoffed as I said,
“The president’s an idiot.”
“You know you liberals look at the fact that we have had no further terrorist attacks as though it’s just some dumb coincidence; you just can’t bring yourselves to acknowledge that we have our president to thank for that. That’s gratitude for you.”
“I don’t know what drugs you Republicans are taking, but it must be nice to be able to stick your head up your ass and smell nothing but roses.”
“Why do you hate Republicans?”
“I don’t have a problem with Republicans, but where did they all go?  Why do Republicans hate French people?”

Monsieur le president
Tip is in love with our president.  It’s the sort of grand, over the top love that comes but once into every life, the one love that consumes us and drives us mad.  His unquestioning support for the administration proves Tip is well on his way.
The presidency really has evolved with the times; our current president understands that the United States is a far more sophisticated marketplace than it was in the past.  Politicians used to engage us as citizens, but today one doesn’t win market share by appealing to the masses.  The word ‘citizen’ seems quaint now, a bit musty, and most Americans would only recognize the word as a brand name linked to a wide range of products and services.  We’ve made that giant leap from citizens to consumers and there’s no looking back.
As a shopper, I know that the customer is always right and I appreciate the president’s grasp of this truism. He knows that Americans can’t be wrong. Being a good consumer, and by extension a good American, is not about making sacrifices, it’s about feeling good 24/7 and getting what you want NOW.  He’s never had to sacrifice anything of much value in his life (aside from cocaine) and I appreciate the fact that this makes him humbly incapable of asking any of the rest of us to do that.  What a welcome change from the usual hypocrisy.  Sacrifice is no longer a club to threaten the public with; you catch more flies with honey than you do with vinegar.
Even I was moved when, after the shock of the deadliest strikes on the American mainland since the War of 1812, the president exhorted us to get out and go shopping.  I felt like a super-patriot when I went on my usual daily round of grocery, hardware and thrift-store shopping.  Never have I felt more American.
Tip’s pure, Apollonian love of our president has a dirty, Bacchanalian underbelly – he thinks our president is sexually hot.  He gets all horny when the president is shown bicycling or clearing brush at his ranch (I personally have seen him have to ‘adjust’ himself while watching news footage) and vintage shots of the president as a young man in prep school suit and tie or Halloween fighter pilot costume get him flustered.
“It’s like Germany,” I pointed out.  “People were scared and humiliated and they wanted a strong leader.  So they embraced Hitler, blinding themselves to the fact that he was a psyco-path.  It was so obvious that he was disturbed that nobody could see it.”
“There you go again, liberal hysteria.  Hello!?!  Our president is not Adolf Hitler.”
“Yeah, well, he’s not Abraham Lincoln.”
“I repeat, our president is not Adolf Hitler.”
“No, you’re right, there’s no comparison, Hitler had a much better record in funding public infrastructure and a somewhat sane fiscal policy.  They were both addicted to cocaine though.”
“Youthful indiscretion, overcome, I might add, by his strong faith.”
“Right, a man who opened his heart to God and – finally! while in his 40’s – closed his nose to cocaine.”
“As someone with his own notorious past history of substance abuse, you might want to show a bit more compassion.”
“I might but I don’t – I’m a little conservative with my compassion.”
“I’m not going to discuss this with you.”
“No, I’m not going to discuss it with you.
“You wonder why Democrats are so irrelevant and then you spout extremist absurdities like that.  Did you ever consider that antagonizing your sole agent, relief worker, shoulder to cry on, accountant, and ‘friend’ with quotation marks around it – the person in other words who helps butter your bread – might not have much of a future in it?”
Point taken.

Faire un tour
As I dusted the furniture in the living room listening to the muffled comings and goings upstairs as the French readied themselves for the day, Sophie came down stairs with some questions.
“Hi, are you heading out to Golden Gate Park?” I asked her.
“Yes, but we decided we should go to a food market firstly to get some things to take with us.  Do you know a place close by?”
“I’m driving to the supermarket over in the Marina in a few minutes if you want to come with me.”
“Are you sure that would be no trouble?  That would be nice.  It’s ok?”
“Bien Sûr, I would love to take you.”

I brought the car around to the front door for them and they piled in, Bruno up front with me, Sophie, Martine and Hubert in back but leaning so close together and so far into the front seat, that to passersby we appeared a five-headed beast.
“So, Roy,” Hubert started to say, in such a deep-voiced, heavy accent that I thought he was bringing up phlegm, “you say you love France.  Why do you love France?”
“I could go on for days, Hubert, I barely know where to start.  Let me see – Oh! look,” I said, “There’s The Vesuvio and do you see that guy going inside – look, he’s kneeling down now to pat that dog – do you see him?”  They nodded and gave the usual, ‘oui-oui’ that makes the French-speaker sound like some perfumed, well-bred farm animal or perhaps an automobile horn with a silencer.  “I think he’s that actor, oh what’s his name, you know, that comedian, he’s totally schizoid, you know – I never laugh at him because I just don’t find mental illness to be that funny….”  But the French were silent and had moved on.  We had an uncomfortable few more moments of silence; our heads ducked, swayed, darted, rose and fell as the scenery of North Beach played across our faces.
“Regard, regard,” Martine shouted, as she pointed in the direction of Lombard Street.  “La Rue Tortu.”  How wonderfully romantic, I thought – La Rue Tortu! – so 19th century, so Poe.  Who else but the French could bestow boring, sun-splashed Lombard Street with the mantel of the Grande Guignol?
“Oh, so you asked why I love France so much.  Ok, at the top of my list would be (1) the green beans and pears were the best I’ve ever tasted.  (2) Notre Dame made me cry.
“Oui, moi aussi,” said Sophie and then Hubert.
“Oui, c’est vrai, elle est tellement belle, mais….” added Bruno.
“You are an American, you can live a dream of La Belle France but France has many problems,” Bruno said.  “She’s very pretty but a little difficult to live with, like my Martine.”  They started trading loving insults in French before they kissed and rubbed noses.
“You are like Napoleon, Roy, a Corsican more French than the French.”
“Yes,” I responded, “but Napoleon was against France before he was for it.  I’ve always been for France; my record on that is clear,” and then I added wistfully,
“Les Femmes.  J’adore la France par c’que j’adore les Francaise.”
“But they never watch their hair,” Hubert said slowly.  “Wash!  I mean to say wash their hair.”  We all laughed
“I like my women dirty - sal,” I said and that brought more laughter and those French guttural noises, Bruno’s so deep it seemed to reach down into his crotch.
“Tell us about your French conquests, Napoleon,” Bruno smiled wickedly as he said this and the others hooted.  Then he looked at Martine and said, “I adore your dirty hair, my little – er, comment on dit ‘chou’?”
“Cab-edge,” Sophie shouted.
“I adore your dirty hair ma, er, my little cab-edge,” Bruno repeated and then took a lock of Martine’s hair in his mouth.
I told them about some of my French conquests but I left out the most memorable ones, because they were too complex, too sad and non-sexual for me to make jokes of them.  Among them were:
A woman who could never say bonjour to tristesse: Sylvie Sommier, her last name means mattress in French, one of those things she never rested her head on at night.  Another one of those things was another person.  She’d been a long time without when I’d met her, without warmth or sunlight because she hated the day and stayed in a dark room till late afternoon, giving herself over to chain-smoking, chocolates and coffee.  As the sun set, her humor and vitality would rise.
‘Une femme d’une certaine age’ (she was 76), just north of Paris for whom I worked one summer as her man Friday, er, Vendredi.  Madame de Soie had a pretty prenom – Yolande – and she would be dead within the year. She was a knee-scraping, second-helping vielle Francaise of a former debutante, a tall, awkward, adolescent boy of a fine woman but not many boys talk of finishing things up before they die.  She did. She had chairs from Louis Quinze, egg cups with the family coat of arms and she didn’t like Germans, Jews or Blacks.  How many of those are still left in France?  She had stretched out sweaters and socks that hung like cups around her ankles.  She was from the petite noblesse and what little of that she had left was nibbled constantly around the edges.  She kept the old coal-burning Aga stove going day and night with the coal that I fetched from the cellar and kept enormous pots of too-soft apricots we’d bought late at the market boiling on top of it for jam.
She spoke impeccable English for she had spent time in England – avant guerre, she would have you know, which is to say the world before the fall, before the absolute collapse of gentility.
I summarized my feelings about France’s troubles as follows:
“I think that you just had a terrific seven hundred year run of perfection – the food, the art, the architecture, the literature; I mean, it doesn’t get any better than France from the 1220’s right up through the 1920’s – that it just stupefies you and it’s hard to get anything done.”

Super-marché 
We arrived at the supermarket and traveled down the aisles as a group.
“Don’t you want any fresh produce?” I asked them as they bypassed the fresh fruit and vegetable section.  I was more than a little dismayed at their food choices.
“So, are you buying this stuff because you want to eat like Americans do,  because you want to empathize?  Because I’ve got to tell you, Americans don’t eat very well, so you won’t be doing yourselves any favors and frankly, America will continue to mystify you whether you eat this crap or not.”
“No, I buy the same brand á la supermarché á Tours.  Comme toujours.”
“He always eats this way.  That’s what he likes.
“I keep forgetting you people have supermarkets.”
I’ll go to my death defending France, but I was becoming disillusioned.  I was sickened when I’d learned that American theme park with all those cartoon-ish animals and fatuous heroines was opening within spitting distance of Paris.  Imagine having this triumphalist mockery of your native culture dropped right on your doorstep, the ripped off treasures of your patrimonie flung in your face like the merde they’ve been made into.  ‘Why are the French doing this?’ I asked myself nervously.  I used to have so much respect for them.  Why do they puff themselves up so only to run in the face of adversity?

We wheeled our carriage full of food, with a cumulative trans-fat load that would have got us arrested in Manhattan, and got in line behind a woman who was attractive and power-suited up.  She was agitated and assessing the situation.
“I’ll do that,” she said to the person with Down’s Syndrome who was about to bag her groceries,  “It’ll go faster.”
The cashier was about to throw the last of her items into a bag when she said to her, “I’ve got that, just finish my transaction.”  The cashier released the bag with a flick, as though it had suddenly turned into poison ivy.
As we waited in line at the supermarket, I thought of one more memory that made me love France, the kind you couldn’t actually tell people because it was too small, too inconsequential:
A tiny old woman at the train station going into a large green storage box filled with buckets, sponges, brooms and soapboxes.  She shuffled through a chaotic array of cleaning supplies then left to go around the corner.  When she came back, she searched through a pile of rags, stood up and stared at me, then finally closed the door on which was written: “Installation Électrique – Défense D’entrée a Toute Personnes Étrangere au Service – Danger de Morte!!”
France made me smile.



Chapter XI: Faithiness


That evening, Tip, my herald angel, called to give me glad tidings of guests come unto us, born of that day our daily bread and describing their arrival in the language of the bible is entirely appropriate given their proclivities and the importance one of them, Maxine, would have in my life.
It wasn’t until the next morning after they’d had a good night’s sleep that I got any inkling of this.  I heard them coming down the stairs and went out to give them one of my heartily feigned ‘good mornings’.
“Good morning, ladies.  How did you sleep?”
“Very comfortably.  We’re almost ready to face the day.”
We traded banalities, me questioning them about their plans, they questioning me about the quickest way to the usual landmarks.
After they seated themselves at breakfast, they began praying – loudly.  Uh, oh, I thought – Must. Keep. Contact. To. Bare. Minimum.
“Now we are truly ready to greet the day.”
I excused myself.
About ten minutes later I heard vigorous knocking and ringing coming from the front door.  I went to open it and was knocked over by two guys coming at me like angry concierges storming the Bastille.  I didn’t even have time to tell them this was Lenora, my prison, not theirs, before they began shouting at me.
“You are a fucking pimp,” one of them yelled.
“We want our dad back now!”
I knew who they were fast enough, but I thought their rage at me was a little misplaced.
“I am not a pimp and I don’t have your dad. And if you don’t get out of my house right now I’m calling the police.”
“Yeah, go ahead, we’re on to you, creep.”
“Fucking creep!” the other one yelled.
“You’re life is going to be miserable until we get our dad back.  Where is he?”
“I don’t know where your dad is. Your dad is an adult – sort of – and I’m not responsible for him.  This has nothing to do with me.  Get out of my house,” I yelled.
“You’re not going to have a moment’s peace,” the other one said and then they both barreled out the door.  It’s disturbing to have your home violated like that; suddenly Homeland Security didn’t sound like such a bad idea.  I was flushed and disoriented and leaning against the wall.
“Honey, are you ok?”  It was Maxine, whose large breasts now seemed to be a motherly beacon guiding me to safe shores.
“Yeah, I’m ok.  I’m sorry about that, ladies.  My neighbor has embroiled me in a scandal.”
“Come sit down here at the table with us.  We need to talk.”
Four score and seven minutes ago I wouldn’t have given her the time of day, but something had changed.  I sit down with them.
“Why don’t you tell Maxine your troubles?”
I could think of a million reasons why not but with my thin veneer of service industry friendliness stripped away, it hardly seemed the time to spurn sympathy.
“My married plumber Porky lives next door.  I had a really bad plumbing problem, which he fixed, more or less, but in the meantime he falls in love, or lust, with one of my guests, so they had a little fling.  Now he’s run off to go find her and declare his love.  Obviously I’ve been implicated in this sordid affair and the family is now wrongfully accusing me of instigating this whole thing.”
“Oh, that poor dear.”
“That poor dear?!  You mean Porky?”
“His wife!  That poor thing, to be left like that.”
“Yeah, and what makes it worse is that she’s the sweetest person you can imagine and I haven’t seen her for two days.”
“We have to pray for them right now.”
“I really can’t do that,” I said, but she began praying without me, didn’t even try to coax me, which kind of hurt.
“Lord, help this wayward lamb to return to the fold and lift his self up from temptation and his wife from her loneliness and hurt.  Lord, reconcile them, join them again in love.  Amen.”  I thought it was a pretty prayer and I was touched.
“You have no religion?” Maxine asked.  Except for a sweetly uttered ‘Amen’, Janey had nothing to say.
“I mean no offense (I was still punched in), but I just see a lot of hypocrisy in religion.”
“So, what do you believe in?”
“Well, I do believe people need to find meaning, so they look for it everywhere and where they look for it they find it, you know, even in places completely devoid of it.”
“There’s no such thing as a place devoid of meaning.”
“Well, I agree in the sense that people are the ones who put meaning there.  You know, like these wealthy people who say they’re Christian and see all their money as a sign that they’re among God’s elect – like those rich TV preachers.  That just seems really screwed up to me.”
“Cadillac Christians,” she says with a knowing and not unsympathetic nod.

Bible bib
You gotta hand it to that Bible, sometimes it really knows what it’s talking about.  ‘It’s easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than it is for a rich man to get into heaven’, it says in the Bible.  Tell that to wealthy Christians, especially those fundamentalists. Boy, does that go over like a lead balloon in the back rooms and broadcasting studios of power.
“What were you raised in?” Maxine asked me.
“An internment camp.”
“I mean your religious faith.”
“Well, in as much as you could say I was raised in any faith I guess it would be Catholicism.”
“You venerated Mary?”
“Well, not personally, I would never do that to any woman, least of all Mary.”
“You can evade my questions,” she said with a smile “but you cannot evade the Lord.  What did you believe as a practicing Catholic?”
“Well, that’s just it, I practiced but never got the hang of it.”  Maxine was being very patient with my little ‘fetch the schtick’ routine.
“Why, Janey, I do believe we’ve got ourselves a genuine, real live heathen.  This could get interesting.”
Janey just smiled and counted stitches.
“I don’t know who you think I am but just because I got nice clothes and have a peck of fun with Jesus, doesn’t mean I’m to be trifled with.  I don’t send no money to those TV preachers and I don’t care about Darwin this n’ that.  It’s faith darlin’, can’t be argued, or rationalized and I ain’t even tryin’.  I don’t get hung up on the whether or not this or that thing in the bible happened for real just like it says.  Those wing nuts don’t bother me and I ain’t afraid of ‘em neither.  I surrendered with strength to Jesus and I do it over and over again every day of my life; nothing scares me but the wrath of God and a ten pound box of butter creams.”  I stared at her, registered her beam and chortle and realized I was looking at the pious female version of Emil ‘Porky’ Flores.  Maybe they should hook-up, booty-call style, I thought.
“Now I’m not one of those fundamentalists but I do believe the word of the Bible.  All of creation started with the Word, spoken by God.  Whether it was ten thousand years ago or ten billion doesn’t make a lick of difference.”  She paused and then took up the subject again with even more gusto.
“The bible is alive!” she said with out-sretched arms.  “It’s livin’ and breathin’.  It ain’t a corpse on ice, it’s kickin’ and screamin’ ‘n callin’ out your name.  You gotta have ears for God.”
“Wow, you make it sound so athletic, so James Brown/World Championship Wrestling-ish,” I said.
“That’s it exactly.  The Lord is wrestling with the Devil for your soul and you’re ringside.  And you got to let the lord know you’re there, that you know what he’s doin’ for you.”
“Huh.  You know we should probably be just a little bit quieter because of the other guests, I think they’re still sleeping.”  She didn’t quiet down, instead she bumped it up a notch.
“I’m loud about the lord!  And when my body’s layin’ in the ground my soul’ll  be laughin’ and singin’ by his side, top of my lungs.  Wake up darlin, it’s a new day, every day of your life.”
We looked at each other and laughed.  I was a little bit pissed that I liked her so much, because I loathed everything she stood for.
“Wow, I’m exhausted just listening to you.  Where do you get the energy and all that time for God?”
“Darlin’ we don’t have time, there’s no such thing.  I don’t have energy for God, God is my energy.  There’s just you and me and the lord right now in this moment and your soul is blue.”
Janey stopped her knitting and gave a slightly cross look to Maxine.’
“I’m sorry, Janey, honey.  I meant you too.”  Janey resumed her smile and her knitting.
Maxine was obviously taking the long view.  Eternity.  Meanwhile, I excused myself and took a long hard look at my spiritual situation.

An inquisition
One should never discuss religion, pro or con, with the public, especially the pushy ones like Judaism, Christianity and Islam.  Jews, Christians and Muslims are all cut from the same cloth and really that’s the issue; they’re all squabbling over the same God; it’s the same damn religion and there’s never enough to go around!
I know this for sure: turn over a Muslim fundamentalist and a Christian one will wink at you. They’ve both got their heads so far up God’s rear end that they’ll never see the light of day again – let alone those one thousand virgin bloody marys – but hey, they have each other and that’s what counts.
Oliver Cromwell had this to say: “I beseech ye, in the bowels of Christ, think that ye may be mistaken.”
Fundamentalists have fun thinking that they’re following the letter of God’s law, but when you start ticking off the long list of Biblical do’s and don’ts they pay no mind to, they pooh-pooh them as irrelevant.  Let’s face it, since they obviously never will, they’re standing in line at the Christian Cafeteria just like everybody else and they’re fussy eaters.
Although it’s always seemed a tad presumptuous, even blasphemous to me, they speak for God as though they were his legal counsel or like they’ve got him under a seven-year contract.  I’m glad they’ve figured out exactly what God wants, because He sends such mixed messages that I for one have never been able to make heads nor tails of them.
Some of those fundamentalists are real hot heads but they’re just aping their God; they see ‘Him’ as armed to the teeth and pissed off.  Like those godhatesfags.com people – I certainly wouldn’t want to run into their God in a dark alley!
If their God is so angry and vengeful why would I want to get closer to him?  Most of my ex-girlfriends are like that and I go out of my way to avoid them, so, what, I’m going to distance myself from a bitter ex-girlfriend but not an omni-potent God whose ability to cause havoc in my life is infinitely greater?
I can’t take most Christians seriously.  Anybody that isn’t vowing poverty and ministering to the outcasts of society is basically just going through the motions.  It’s pretty obvious what Jesus wants for us and it’s not sports cars and condos in Aruba.
Frankly, all said and done, I’d rather have a monkey in my family tree than one of those born-again Christians.

Fresh grinds
With that in mind, I came back out with fresh coffee for Maxine.  She had a puzzled look on her face and had obviously been thinking.
“How could there be no God?” She asked.  “I mean look around you.  How could all this have come into being without His agency?”  It sounded like something a talent agent might say to an ungrateful client.
“But even if you believe in God, you still haven’t solved the problem.  Who or what created God?  I don’t think we’ll ever unlock the mysteries of existence and that’s ok with me.”
“Ah-hah,” said Maxine “you and I share a belief in the mystery of life, the sacred unknown.”
“Yeah,” I said, “I guess you’re right.  That makes me feel better, knowing we share something.”
About ten minutes later I opened the back gate and they pulled out of the drive giving me friendly waves goodbye.  A little plastic religious figure above the steering column caught my eye.  You can stick Jesus on the dashboard, they say, but it ain’t gettin’ you to heaven any faster.





Round two
Around twelve thirty I went to answer the door after I heard the bell ring in a staccato outburst.  I looked through the spy hole first and I saw a youngish Asian woman looking right up into the lens as though she was staring from inside the wall of her goldfish bowl.  I opened the door.  Just a crack.
“Hi, what can I do for you?”
“Are you Roy?”
“Yes,” I said cautiously.
“I’m Maria, Porky’s daughter.” My entrails twisted.  I started closing the door.  I was going to put a stop to this before it even began.
“Ok,” I said “your brothers have been over here already harassing me and I’m not about to get into it again.  Your father is an adult, in case you haven’t noticed.  He’s the one responsible for his actions, not me.  That’s all I have to say.”  She held up her hands in a traffic cop’s gesture and it occurred to me how hot she’d look in uniform.
“No, no, no,” she said, her mouth puckered like the mouths of carolers on old Christmas cards as her head oscillated back and forth rapidly.  “Look, I’m not happy that this has happened, I mean it’s destroyed my mother, she’s practically catatonic, but I don’t blame you for it.  You didn’t actively try to hook them up did you?” she asked me this with her head thrown back, her eyes downcast to look at me from that angle.
“No, not at all,” I said, suddenly grateful for this opening, determined to seize the opportunity to clear myself.  “They met completely by chance over in the Marina.  Your dad was there on a job and he saw Celestine on the street and spoke to her because he’d seen her go into the house here.  This is going to sound weird but I was crushed when I found out he slept with her.  I mean really depressed.  I was attracted to her, for a woman her age she’s pretty attractive but then I found some strange notes in her room and I thought she was crazy, so I got scared and backed off but then later I realized she wasn’t and then I regretted pulling away from her because I knew she liked me,” I was rambling and whining but Maria indulged me, I could feel her pity, so I continued, “and then your dad let it be known he’d slept with her, though not in so many words and I felt like an idiot, anyway I’m rambling…”
“That’s ok, I just wanted to be sure that you didn’t have a hand in this, that it was all my father’s doing.  You know, I’m not even mad at him really, just sad, for him and my mom.  And part of me is just a little bit proud of him.  My dad’s not the most adventurous guy, he’s a pretty straight family man.  So, I guess I’m partly glad he’s found this little bit of madness.  But I want him to stop soon and come home.  I’ll talk to my brothers and get them off your back.”
“Could you?  That would be great.  I’m not angry at them or anything, obviously they’re upset for your mom, but they’re confabulating this whole story of me goading your father into committing adultery and it just isn’t so.”“I know,” she said and smiled wistfully.  “We really loved your uncle Arthur you know, when we were kids.  He spoiled us rotten.  My parents didn’t like him at first, probably because he was gay more than anything, but he won them over because he treated us kids so well; he loved us too.”
“I know he did, I remember him mentioning you,” and thinking this to be too personal, I added, “all of you.”
She fidgeted in her bag and began scribbling.  “It’s strange, all this time you’ve lived next door and my brothers and I have never met you.  Listen, here’s my number,” she said as she offered me a slip of paper.  “Could you call me if you hear from my dad?  Or this woman Celestine?”
“Definitely, and say hello to your mom for me?” I said gingerly, not wanting to rub a tender spot. I didn’t divulge that I in fact had aided and abetted her father the adulterer.  I didn’t think she would understand the complex socio-economic relationship we had. My plumbing had never known such harmony, now who would work the same wonders with me?



Chapter XII: Innkeepers and Other Parasites


I consider myself a good host, the bonding activity of parasitic organisms has never bothered me.  I really do look forward to my periodic outbreak of Herpes Simplex.  I like pressing my little finger on the spot where it rises up from the closely cropped hair around my lips.  It hurts in a very pleasurable way.  I’m happy to have all those microscopic horror movie dropouts, each adapted to my many microclimates, running around like they owned the place.  They help me with my grooming in ways far more important than combs, razors, shampoo, skin creams, etc.  I would die without them, the dead cells of skin would quickly clog my pores, killing me faster than Goldfinger did that curvaceous blonde in his eponymous movie.  Would that my relatives were so helpful!
And crabs – I’m delighted that they actually look like real crabs.  I love popping their juicy little eggs, you can almost here the shells crack, just like chickens.  While I can’t say I look forward to their periodic visitations, I am grateful that they force me to stop and take the time to carefully examine myself.  Otherwise, who has the time for that level of self-love?
Scabies, however, need not apply.  No room at the inn.  I really don’t know what they look like, I don’t even know what they are really.  All I know is they once nearly drove me crazy.  I didn’t realize that after applying that over-the-counter DDT shampoo, you continue to feel the itching even though the scabies are gone.  I kept applying the stuff because I thought the itching meant that the scabies were putting up a stiff resistance.  I could have killed myself with all the toxins I kept air dropping onto my skin.  I nearly pulled all my hair out, that is what little hair I had left after wave upon wave of ointment burned its way through my epidermis.
At first I thought that the itching I felt after Suzanne’s, I mean Charlene’s, departure was just dry skin.  But as a couple of days rolled by and the itching increased in intensity, I realized that my old nemesis Scabies had returned.  Talk about an innkeeper’s worst nightmare.  After some initial self-loathing, I got myself and all the bedding in the house together and went to the pharmacy to pick up the required products.  I was going to have to spend the rest of the day aggressively but discretely sprinkling powder all over the living room and laundering everything that wasn’t upholstery-nailed down.
I worried that if the arrival of my latest guests became known, I would earn the disapproval of Maxine and possibly even bring down the wrath of God unto my house. I wondered where scabies falls on the biblical plague scale: worse than frogs but better than locusts?
I dreaded having to confront the French with the knowledge that I had, through my sexual irresponsibility, burdened them with Scabies, which I don’t even know the word for in French.  Would they understand?
I vowed to keep a close eye on Maxine and her apostle Janey for any signs of twitchy-itchy behavior on their part.  Since twitchy-itchy behavior is already a national characteristic of the French, I planned on waiting to see if they brought it up, and then going on the offensive if they did.  That always cows them.
Scabies and my inability to smile weren’t my only physical complaints at that time – I felt like a wreck.  The list of my maladies was sobering: I had limp wrist, lock-jaw, tennis elbow, diva finger, both cauliflower (left) and diva (right) ear, red neck, wet back, Hapsburg nose, athlete’s foot and service industry voice.   To make it all the more unbearable I couldn’t manage to take it to the next level of seriousness, into something that required lots of bed rest and emoting. What hypochondriac wouldn’t want a Grand Mal Seizure, which reeks so of old world decadence?

The flesh is mortified, the skin just embarrassed
For those of you who are still young and pretty, know that at some point that ends; the bloom is off the rose, the petals fall, the sweet smells sour and you’re left with thorns and a hard, dry, tasteless fruit. Aging – it’s really happening – we knew in our heads it would but not in our bones.  It unravels like a B-grade horror film with not one moment of pure terror, just unintended humor and a slow creeping sadness which strains to lift itself up.  I don’t want to go out like Joan Crawford, sucking the last spool of film out of the camera.
I knew it was over for me as soon as I turned thirty-eight, which placed me outside of the most desirable market demographic of 14 – 37 year olds.  When you cease to be of interest to advertisers, you can be sure women will follow their lead.
I’m not unattractive and I still get female attention, even pretty young females, but the day is fast approaching when sexiness will be beyond the reach of my comb and my sagging ass.  How, I wonder, will it happen – slowly, imperceptibly?  Or will there be a last day that I can mark on the calendar?  Five years from now on February 20th, a young woman with an early bout of spring fever finds me sexy and then no one else does – never more.  Plenty of men want to believe that there really are young women out there who find graying, slackening older men sexually exciting but I doubt my low self-esteem will carry me through that delusion.
I have a rather complicated relationship with my body, especially as regards displacing it, which according to the Health Industry, is something we’re supposed to do frequently.  I see right through the Fitness Movement and its cultish gurus; obviously the word ‘exercise’ is just a clever euphemism for ‘distress’ – some people will say and do anything for a quick buck.
But, I had to admit, they did have some good points, which I discovered to my horror one winter when the constipation I endured was harrowing.  It’s the closest I’ll ever come to giving birth and after it I had a deepened respect for the pain women endure while their reproductive system is jerked around by the growth in their womb.  I wasn’t eating enough fruits and vegetables; I wasn’t getting enough exercise.  ‘You’re not moving enough,’ the doctor said and I interpreted this as an expression of my inability to attract sympathy.  With my cholesterol up and my bowels clogged, I was willing to try anything – except jogging.
I hate running and normally would only submit to it if I were being chased by someone intending to do me more bodily harm than the act of running itself.  I’ve always considered jogging to be a rather grim spectacle of pained expressions and damp clothing set to the relentless clip-clop beat of pounding feet on pavement.  I hear the joggers pass by at unspeakably early hours.  They converse with one another.  I hear their voices getting louder, reaching crescendo and then fading away like the honking of Canada geese as they fly south.
I wasn’t too keen on yoga either.  I had attended a yoga session once because a girlfriend told me it might help me with my cravings for alcohol.  I think she also had a hidden agenda to firm up my legs, thighs and abs.  There had been an Asian man lying next to me on the mats.  We were two men in a room of women.
“We’ll begin with breathing,” the instructor announced.  I laughed inwardly, a cinch, I thought, everybody knows how to breathe.  As we all lay silent on the floor breathing, the most amazing noise, this strong, luxurious purring that put me in mind of a hospital respirator powered by kitty-cats could be heard coming from the man laying next to me.  I also heard the swishy, rubbery skidding sounds of a roomful of females craning and shifting to get a look at the amazing breathing apparatus lying next to me.  Their audible sighs registered and caused my self-esteem to go flaccid.  They were turned on and I couldn’t even breathe right.

Bloody Hell
Yet I am aware that no matter how many health complaints I have, I’m still in better shape than millions of other people.  Now that I’m at that age where I’m declining more rapidly, I’ve paradoxically become more willing to share with them what little good health I have.  Toward that end, I gave blood at a local church.  I’d like to say I did it for altruistic reasons and honestly, I’d been meaning to give blood for eons, for all the right reasons, but what finally got me to go was the carrot stick of free movie passes.  I went and waited in line, nobody mentioned free tickets, but just before I lay down to get stuck, I asked and someone offered to get mine for me.
Giving blood doesn’t bother me but after the fourth vial I do start to get a little queasy; I’ve even been known to plead in an unattractive manner with the health care professionals withdrawing my blood.  This one seemed to think I had an endless supply.  The more blood she took, the more she began to resemble Bela Lugosi.  I could see her sucking away until all that’s left of me is a brittle exoskeleton sloughed on the floor.  When she’d finished with me, at which point my body was basically running off the fumes of all the blood she’d extracted, I asked for my movie tickets.  She referred me to a table underneath a plaster statue of Jesus with blood spurting out of his exposed sacred heart – such a waste, I thought.  I went there to retrieve the tickets.
“Hi, I came to pick up my movie tickets.  I just gave blood,” I said, as I showed the young nurse-like woman at the table the bandage wrapped over a thick wad of gauze on my bicep.
“Unfortunately we ran out.  We had more people than we thought we’d have.”
“But I was promised the tickets.”
“I know, I’m really sorry but we don’t have any more.”  I briefly considered making an issue of it but a warning which I read on her face – Ministering angel trumps pissed-off asshole – dissuaded me from going further with my grievance.  I should have asked for my blood back.
“It was a very successful day,” she said as I shuffled off, still weak from my blood loss.  Yes, for some, young miss; yes, for some.

Tats
When I got home, I found this message on my answering machine: “Hi, Roy.  This is Porky’s daughter Maria.  Listen, I’ve talked to my brothers and I’ve calmed them down and we’re wondering if we could meet with you just to talk about the best way of handling this.  Not that it’s your responsibility but we’d just like your input since you know this woman and we’re thinking maybe you could talk to her?”  It kind of bugs me when people start making a statement and then suddenly, before the end of the sentence, their voice inflects upwards into a question, but I called her anyway to tell her that I would meet with her and her only, not her brothers.
“I totally understand and that’s fine.  When can we get together?”
“I’m free any time but just be aware that I’m on call and I have to go if I’ve got a guest who needs me.”
“That’s fine. After work I’m taking my son Adam to the park near you. Why don’t you join us?
“Sounds good.”
“Why don’t we just meet at six by the swing sets?  I have to be at my brother’s to stay with my mom at seven, but that should give us enough time.”
“Sure.”

It was 6:20 by the time Maria came by with Adam and apologies for her tardiness.  “Hi, sorry I’m late, Adam had a behavioral problem at kindergarten.”  Right, blame it on the kid.
“I didn’t have a problem, it wasn’t my fault,” Adam protested.  Oh, the injustice of it all!
“Sweetheart, we discussed this already.  And don’t use that tone of voice with me.”
Adam put on a cross face and I was left trying to figure out what to say.  The only questions I could think to ask him were the usual tired ones – How old are you Adam?  Do you like school? – that children associate with irredeemable adults. Communicating with children seems to be something best done with semaphores from a distance.
I do like children, at least as much as I like cats and dogs and I have had opportunities to spend time with the progeny of my more stable friends.  What I’ve observed of their relationship with their kids hasn’t exactly sold me on the idea that children are absolutely necessary.
“You need to pay more attention to your teacher, Adam,” his mother said.  ‘Wow,’ I remember thinking, she really is a mother, that’s so amazing.
“I don’t like Ms. Takeri,” Adam spat out.
“You loved her at the beginning of the year.  She’s just trying to help you, honey.”
Finally, I had something of import to ask the kid,
“So, what’s your beef with your teacher, Adam?”
“She keeps calling me cute.  It’s stupid.”
“Honey, when someone calls you cute, that’s a compliment.  Your teacher has a lot of affection for you.”
“I don’t like being called cute.”
“I don’t blame you Adam,” I said.  “How old are you?”
“Five,” he said and then after he thought about it for a few more seconds as if questioning my motive, he asked, “ Why?”
“Because – don’t worry, you’re first cute phase will be ending shortly.”
“What’s a phase?” Adam asked.
“It’s a period of time in your development, you know, like recess or snack time or like those emergency preparedness drills where you hide under your desk in case of nuclear bombardment.”  Maria laughed.  ‘Yay, I made her laugh,’ I said to myself.
Adam looked very confused, “What?” he asked.
“It’s a period of time with a beginning and an end – like recess.”
“Oh, I see.  So what about being cute?”
“I’m glad you asked that question, Adam, because actually it’s all quite simple once you understand that cuteness is quantifiable and graph-able.  You see, when you’re first born, you aren’t cute at all.  You look like a monkey or weird looking rat or something.  You know that slimy stuff that comes in a can for Halloween?”
“Yeah.”
“Well, you’re covered in that slimy stuff..”
“Eeewww!” Adam shouted as he laughed, “that’s gross.”
“Yeah, exactly, you’re totally disgusting, but after about oh, six months or so, you enter Cute Phase Number One.  This is when you’re at your maximum cuteness, the cutest you’ll ever be in your life, but it only lasts till you’re about five years old.  It depends on the kid, but when you turn six, you’re definitely not cute any more.  That’s why they make you go to school.”  I stole a glance at Maria as she smiled in amusement and continued,  “And then you remain not cute for years until you reach eighteen, when you enter your Cute Phase Number Two, which is shorter than your first cute phase.  It lasts till, like, maybe until you’re twenty-one, or so.”
“That’s old,” said Adam solemnly.
“It’s really old,” I said.  “And for years and years, like maybe sixty years, you keep getting less and less cute, almost as not cute as you were when you were just born, until you turn eighty-two, when suddenly you’re cute again and you enter Cute Phase Number Three, your last and final cute phase, even though you’re not as cute as you were during Cute Phase Number One.  And you stay pretty cute until you get Alzheimer’s and die.”
“Ok, I get it,” Adam said, “so, I won’t be cute anymore soon because I’ll be six next year.”
“Exactly.  So don’t sweat it; let your teacher have her goofy fun; you’ll have the last laugh.”  Maria was giggling herself right into my heart and loins.  Adam, on the other hand, followed with a non-sequitur that betrayed his single-mindedness and imperviousness to my charms,  “Mom, can I get the Galactic Space Ranger’s Death Star Mobility Station?”  He kind of whined unattractively as he said it.
“Sweetheart, we’re not going to talk about this now.”
“Please, please,” he begged in full-on whine.  Is there no low to which children will stoop in order to get what they want?  I was embarrassed for him.
“Stop, Adam, we are not discussing this now.  Why don’t you go play on the swings, that punk-rocker dad with the bad tattoos and the fat kid just left.”
Adam ran over to the swing set and began swinging in his seat while he twisted the chains round and round.
“Did you see that guy’s tattoos?” Maria asked me.
“I didn’t really notice, no,” I answered.
“They were so bad, like the kind you’d expect to find on old sailors, you know, really smudgy and badly drawn. Who does tattoos like that still?  He got so ripped off; I hate bad tattoos. And his kid was fat – isn’t that, like, weird?”
“I don’t know,” I said, “why would it be?”
“I don’t know, it just seems weird that a punk rocker would have a fat kid.  I don’t know why.  Do you have any?   Tattoos, I mean.”
I felt a pang of anxiety.  This was another Real Man right-of-passage I had foregone.  Would she think I was too femmy and un-hip because I didn’t have any?”
“No,” I said.  “Do you?”
“I’ve got three.”  She grabbed the neck of her shirt and pushed it all the way down her right shoulder to reveal an angel.  Then she did the same to her left and revealed a devil.
“They’re beautiful,” I said.  “Who did them?”
“A guy I was dating.”  I felt inadequate.  Maria had dated cool guys that etched and inked depictions of devils into a woman’s flesh.  He probably used heroin too.  How could I compete with that?
“He was kind of a jerk but really sexy.  And he was a real artist; he did such a beautiful job.”
“So, that’s two; show me the other one.”
“I can’t right now, it’s on my vagina.”
Did I hear her right?  Did the ‘right now’ really mean what it suggested, that I might be privy to some vagina viewing later on?  I started having some very tender feelings and buckets of emissions, both diurnal and nocturnal, for her from that moment on.
We both went silent in a bit of romantic swoon but then she had to spoil it by bringing up the subject of her dad.
“I think someone should go get my dad.  Just force him to come back.  I’m going to tell my brothers they have to deal with this.  This is really a guy issue.”
“Your brothers!?  No Way!  I can’t have them invading Celestine’s home like they did mine.  They’d probably beat her up.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right.  I’ll have to go.”
“What are you going to do with Adam?”
“I’ll leave him with my mom.”
“Your mom is in a state of shock; she can’t even look after herself.  Maybe I can go down there.”
“Would you?  Are you sure?  I mean that would be awesome.”  I saw now from whence Adam got his conniving whine.
“Let me see what I can do,” I said, knowing that already, the things I could do for this woman were sure to bring me ecstasy and humiliation.



Chapter XIII: Culture Crash


I’d gotten home a little after nine from seeing Maria.  As I got ready for bed, I heard the usual soundtrack of activity coming from the rooms upstairs as guests fiddled with their luggage, the bathroom appliances, etc.  No notes were left for me; no one came knocking on my door and I was content in my domestic tranquility and in my growing, mutually-felt affection for Maria.  I turned lights out that evening with pleasant thoughts of the stories I would hear in the morning as my guests recounted their adventures of this day I was now putting to rest.  And then I sensed that I was not alone – Scabies!
In the morning I checked my body parts with the thoroughness of a forensic investigator.  Minutiae, which I usually pass over quickly with the broad brush of my grooming habits, was suddenly very important.  I was still itching, but careful study revealed no new contusions and the pink areas where I had scratched seemed to be receding.  With a newly acquired confidence in my pest control, I was happier than usual to fulfill my routine duties.  I found Maxine at the breakfast table sitting by her-self at a little past 8:00.
“Good morning; where’s the other half of the comedy team?  Is she sleeping in after an all-nighter?”
“Good morning, Roy.  No, Janey has left us; she wrote you a thank you note and left it on the hutch over there.  She got up real early for a special excursion with The Wooly Wanderers.  First they’re going to an alpaca ranch up in Sonoma, then some sheep farm in Oregon. She’s part of the knitting mafia; constantly going to shows and workshops, visiting sheep farms, you name it.  I’m not a knitter, just not my thing, but she had the wool pulled over her eyes a long time ago, been doing it since she was a child.”
“So, did she have a good time?  I couldn’t really tell.  I mean, I hadn’t heard her say anything the whole time she was here.  She’s probably a real chatty Cathy when you’re alone.”
“Janey’s a good listener.  I just keep talkin’ and talkin’ and talkin’ and she just keeps listenin’ and listenin’ and listenin’.  It’s one of those symbiotic relationships.  She had a fabulous time.”
“So, what did you do yesterday?” I asked.
“Oh, you know we just went over to Chinatown and checked out all the shops; I bought the prettiest set of bowls ever for a friend of mine.  I have to remember to tell her what they’re for, though, because she gets kind of confused sometimes.  I bought her a tea cozy once, gave it to her on a Thursday and I swear, she wore it to church that following Sunday.  It had a little stuffed kitty-cat on top.  She got the strangest looks, let me tell you.  Well, I went over to her – she always sits in the back pew, me I’m right up in the preacher’s face – and I told her right out that I bought that thing for her tea pot, not for her head.  She was mortified and I said, ‘that’s all right, honey, just smile, just look at the people and keep on smilin’.  Smilin’s always appropriate.”
“I wouldn’t know,” I said.
“How are you, Roy,” she asked.  “Has Porky come back home yet?”
“No, he hasn’t, it’s a terrible situation.”
“Oh, I know, I’ve been praying for his family,” Maxine said just as the French people started coming down for breakfast.
“Bonjour, good morning,” they all said.  I introduced them to Maxine.
“Oh, it’s so nice to meet y’all.  I just think France is the most charming place in the world.  Where y’all from?”
“La Loire,” Bruno said.  “Very close to Tours.”
“Oh, I was there!” Maxine shouted, all excited.  “I stayed in the most beautiful little chateau; it was completely surrounded by water – just like a fairy tale.  ‘Course when we stayed out late one night we got back to discover the drawbridge was up; we had to strip down to our frillies and wade right on across the moat – eeww, that water was nasty – and cold!  Brrr.”
Maxine noticed the French folks had “looks” on their faces.
“Can you folks understand me alright?” she asked.  “You speak with a southern accent anywhere in this town and people think you’re dumb as grass.  Dumber, even.”
“Grass? like weed?” Hubert asked
“I don’t follow,” said Maxine.
“Like, mary-jane?” Hubert was going somewhere with this.
“Honey, the language barrier has descended like the Iron Curtain; I’m just not catching your drift.”
“C’est l’ argot, n’est ce pas? Hubert asked his friends.  Then he turned back to Maxine and said, “That eez slang like marijuana, no?  Grass, weed, mary-jane – yes?”
“Sugar, you are just too cute for words; now I get what you’re driving at.  Except that’s not where the phrase come from.  Grass is just grass, the green stuff.  It gets mowed and stomped on; it’s just simple, you know?  It just sits there and doesn’t do anything, so it’s kinda stupid.  Not much dumber than grass ‘cept dirt.”
“Ahh, ok, now I understand,” Hubert said.
“Excuse heem, please; hee eez a linguist, not professionel,” Bruno joked.
“Amateur, he eez an amateur linguist,” Martine said, “but he does not speak English well.”
“That’s ok, honey, neither does our president and look where it got him,” Maxine said.  The French folks laughed nervously.  “So, where y’all goin’ to today?”
“We are goingk to ze Castro,” Bruno said with a few highly affected, voguey poses that made us laugh.  For a brief few seconds, I wondered if Bruno’s vogue-ing was his way of scratching a scabies itch, but I quickly dismissed it as my old paranoia, which, because it’s considered an unattractive character flaw by a majority of Americans, I usually try to talk myself out of.
“Yes, Bruno,” Martine said to him,  “you act silly like this in the Castro and I will sell you to the first big man with a leather coat and an Harley-Davidson; I will tell him to have fun.”
“I em so surry my dear wife, but I love motorcycles more than the women.  Have a nice life.”  Martine put up her cat claws as we laughed and began mauling Bruno as he went for her ass.  Maxine was more subdued than the rest of us.
“Oh, my, the Castro; well that’s a bit too much for me.  I like to have fun but flaunting sin like that; no, that’s where I draw the line.”  A chill went through the air.

Bible porn
For some conservative Christians, the bible’s condemnation of homosexuality is their favorite part.  Their corneas seem to have a special filter that makes them see demons when they look at gay people.  I love watching the faces of the radical right when the subject of gay marriage comes up.  They get themselves all worked up, laying out dirty scenarios of a sexual nature, giving their imaginations room to soar. They project that Armageddon (which has always sounded more like a comfy old fishing village on Long Island to me, rather than Satan’s Spring Break ) will settle in the moment gay people are allowed to marry and then when the wedding bells ring and the doors to the fire pits of Hell remain stubbornly shut and cross-dressing Boy Scouts aren’t fornicating with two-headed purple calves on the Main Streets of America; when the whole thing turns out to be a big yawn, they’re furious, like we all let them down.

Homosexuals who won't shut up about it
“My brother is gay; we have gay friends; we don’t hate gay people,” Sophie said indignantly.
“Oh, I don’t hate gay people.  They’re sinners but lord, if I hated all the sinners I wouldn’t be able to look at myself in the mirror every morning.  I have a cousin who’s a lesbian.”
“Eez she a southern belle as you?” Hubert asked.
“Oh, you French folks know about southern belles, do you?  Oh, my, well she’s more like a southern dinner bell – louder than the clap on a whore in New Orleans, as my great uncle Randolph used to say.  Her name’s Cecile with a ‘e’ at the end but she always pronounced it Cecil like for a boy; didn’t matter ‘cause nobody called her that anyway.  They called her She-boy from the time she was two.  Kinda like Sheba, you know, in the bible. She’s a red head and she’s got a goatee and a moustache like the Kentucky-fried colonel.  Reads the bible, too, but ain’t doin’ her a lick a good, don’t know why she bothers, sometimes.”
My guests departed on friendly enough terms, despite their differing views on homosexuals who won’t shut-up about it, and I busied myself with the usual clearing, cleaning, tidying.  I resisted scratching my continuing itchiness, knowing that it was like phantom limb syndrome, except with scabies.
Tip called.  He wanted to know if I needed anything at Welker’s, an office supply store that has been owned by three generations of Welkers. The store has a parking lot so small and poorly designed that you have to know quantum physics just to maneuver the car around.  It was a favorite of Uncle Arthur’s; who loved long-running retail drama and is still frequented faithfully by Tipton.  As far as I’m concerned, it’s just another mom and pop store made slightly more tolerable by the fact that mom and pop got a messy divorce.

A woman's man hands
Tip was the one who broke news of the daughter’s divorce.
“He left her because of her man hands,” he explained to me when I asked why.
“I knew it,” I responded.
The daughter had the hands of a man.  Now, in San Francisco this might be considered unremarkable, except that this woman was married with kids and was born a girl and continued being one all through the development of her man hands, her marriage, the birth of her children and her taking over of the store after her father had died.  When I’d go there on errands for Uncle Arthur, I couldn’t help staring at her hands and wondering what her husband thought of her big, bony, hairy man hands.  Were they repulsive to him?  Did they turn him on?  Did he ever even acknowledge to anyone that his wife had the overly large, thick hands of a coal miner?
Tip says she has a new boyfriend, whom Tip thinks is very masculine and sexy but I’ve got to wonder.  If he’s into women with man hands, is he banging chicks with dicks on the side?  Does he let those man hands tear the frilly mauve lingerie from his breast?

Homosexual panic
The day went by with exceeding slowness.  Maria and I had made plans to do dinner at her place and I wanted to hurry up and get there and forgo the eight plus hours from the time I said goodbye to my guests till I was seated at her kitchen table.
Finally the moment arrived when I was actually chatting with her while she heated up some Italian food she had picked up from a take-out place.
“Come into the living room.  Let’s sit on the couch, it’s more comfy.”
“No, you know, would you mind if we just kept sitting on the uncomfortable wooden chairs here in the kitchenette?”  Maria gave me a weird look.  She shook her head a couple of times with her eyes closed, then popped her eyes open really wide and started talking like girls who lived in the San Fernando Valley in the 1980’s did.
“Well – yeah – like, sure.  Ok.”
“So,” I began, “when we were at the park together with Adam, were we on a date?’
“Well, yeah, I guess so.”
“Do you always bring your son along on first dates?”
“I have a confession.”
“Uh, oh, here we go.”
“I used Adam to get to you.  I do it with all the guys I’m attracted to.”
‘You use your son to attract men?  That’s so Tennessee Williams.”
“Am I awful?  I know conventional wisdom says the average guy doesn’t want to date a woman with kids….”
“Unless she’s married.”
“Yeah, exactly.  But I discovered that guys love Adam, especially the cute ones.  Excepting of course his real father, that misanthrope.”
“That bastard.”
“That slimy bastard.  So am I a bad mom?”
“Well, on the mother scale from a low of Magda Goebbels to a high of Mother Theresa, you’re probably right around a Mildred Pierce, well-intentioned but damaging nonetheless.”
She laughed as she clipped the long strands of her hair back from her face to behind her ear.  I was reminded unromantically of wet spaghetti.
“I wasn’t sure what kind of a guy you were.  You seemed like a nurturer, so I decided that it would be ok to bring Adam by.”
“I am not a nurturer.”
“Yes, you are.”
“And Adam is a monster.  Weren’t you worried he’d make a terrible first impression?”
“No, because with guys like you, I think Adam kind of brings out their inner mommies.”
“Look, I resent that.  I don’t have an inner mommy; I’m a guy.  Just because I keep my chest hair clipped and wipe the toothpaste off before I put the cap back on doesn’t mean I’m not all male.”
“Wow, we’ve really hit a nerve here.  It just goes to prove my point, you’re the sensitive type.”
“That is such a reductive argument.”
“You’re not gay are you?  I mean, why didn’t you want to sit with me on the couch?  You were, like, panicked.”
“Oh, come on; give me a break.  Do I seem that gay to you?”
“I’m not sure how to answer that.”
“I think you just did.  Didn’t Arthur tell you my whole, sad history with women?”
“Well, yeah, he did but even he wondered.”
“Wondered what?”  It kind of creeped me out that I had showed up on Uncle Arthur’s gaydar.
“Look,” I said before she could respond, “the last time I even touched a dick other than my own was in third grade and only because this older kid Louis paid me a dollar to do it and as soon as he started moaning, I stopped.  I have never had any desire to do it again.  I don’t like penises, except my own of course; I think they’re ugly, they’re like some weird slimy, aquatic mollusk thing, like gooey-ducks.
“I mean, sure, if Louis called me today and offered me ten thousand dollars to put his penis in my mouth I would do it, but I wouldn’t inhale and I’d take it out as soon as he started moaning.”  Maria gave me another funny look, she had a million of them, each slightly different than the others. I spoke directly to the look,
“What!?  If some guy offered you ten thousand dollars to put his penis in your mouth you wouldn’t do it?”
“I need more time to think about that.  That sounds like a tricky entrapment question.”
“Look, I didn’t want to sit on the couch with you because I discovered I had scabies.  I’ve shampooed and cleaned everything but I just want to make sure they’re gone before I get too physical.  There, now it’s out and you probably think I’m disgusting.”
“No, well, thank you for being responsible about it,” she said and then she gave me another funny look.  “How did you get them?”
“I run a bed and breakfast, people are coming and going all the time,” I felt I needed something more concrete, a scapegoat.  “Well, I have these French people staying with me….” I said.  I was immediately ashamed of myself: I sold out my French folk by playing on 600 years of stupid Anglo hyper-sexualizing of the French.  I let my comment stand though, and she seemed to buy it without comment beyond a knowing
“Oh.”  We were silent for a moment and then she said, “So, you’re not gay?”
“No.”

Gaydar
When I peruse the personal ads, I see there are still gay guys out there looking for straight-acting gay men.  I suppose by this they mean guys who watch sports and sit in glum silence when they’re not in the company of their drinking buddies or being pandered too.
Unfortunately, there doesn’t seem to be a corresponding number of women looking for gay-acting straight guys.  This despite the anecdotal evidence that most straight women seem to enjoy the company of gay men because of their silly humor, touching emotional confessions and sensible fashion know-how, traits that I, my friends assure me, posses in abundance.
The gay guys I used to know were about as good-looking as I am, which is to say attractive but not overly so.  They felt comfortable.  I imagine the really good-looking gay guys are able to find and hang out with better-looking straight guys.
Some straight guys who don’t hang out with gay guys used to ask me if there’s any truth to the commonly held belief that says women who are disarmed by non-threatening homosexuals are an easy lay and I have to say, happily, there is.  In the not-too-distant past, I’d slept with more than a few of my gay male friends’ gal pals and they do know some pretty hot women.  These ladies share confidences and talk about sex with their gay male friends in a way that makes me weak in the knees.  Girl-talk is my downfall.
But you never know how a girl is going to react. Some women would get upset when they found out I’m straight; they felt betrayed and exposed and that made them angry.  Whatever, girlfriend!
More sophisticated women were often delighted and thrilled at the plain dumb luck of finding an attractive man they can actually carry on a conversation with, who wants to dive into their bush in the worst possible way.  These are the kind of women who put the moves on me. The fact that they’ve just spilled all of their sexual secrets gives me the advantage and they’re very willing to roll with that and reap the benefits.
There are however some women who reject me as too effeminate; they’re not into guys with gay sensibilities. That I can’t satisfy their need for Alpha males sometimes makes me feel as inadequate as I felt in high school.
If they would only sleep with me, I think they’d find their fears are groundless.  Some of my bed partners have actually complained that I’m too straight in bed; they thought that since I hung out with gay guys I would have explored other orifices of my own body, by which they mean my anal sphincter, but I tell them to keep their fingers out of there, ‘I’m not into that.’

“I’m so relieved that you’re not gay because I was starting to fall for you.”
“Was?”
“Am, am falling for you.”
“I think you’re very sexy.  And beautiful, you’re just beautiful.”
“Do scabies like faces?  How about mouths?  Hands?”
“No, I don’t have scabies in any of those places.”
“Well, I’m pretty creative when it comes to making out.”
Maria and I made out and it was very hot – lot’s of licking, kissing, moaning; I suddenly realized the heights of sexual frenzy earlier generations could reach when they were absolutely forbidden to perform coitus before marriage.  Somehow, knowing you couldn’t take all your clothes off and get down and dirty just prolonged the pleasure and made us a bit crazy.  We eventually had to stop because it was getting painful.





Your roots are showing
“So, what’s your family like?” Maria asked me, trying to draw attention away from our inflamed genitalia.  “I mean besides Arthur; like your mom and dad.”  Talk about a libido decimator.  Where to begin?
“Isn’t it a little too early in our relationship to ask me about my family?”
“No, not at all.  After all the messy drama my family’s inflicted on you over the last few days it would be refreshing to hear about yours.  I want to know everything about you right now; don’t leave a thing out.  So, you’re family?”
“We weren’t exactly the family that refreshes; in fact we were completely dysfunctional,” I answer and she gives me a dismissive wave of her hand and says,
“I’m so tired of hearing everybody describe their families as dysfunctional.  I mean, where are these perfectly functioning family units that stand out in stark contrast to this sea of dysfunction that everybody sees everywhere?  Did it ever occur to you that maybe your family isn’t dysfunctional at all but just human?”
“No…..NO! That doesn’t describe my family AT ALL.”

I come from a large family and while I was growing up, survival of the fittest was the order of the day. The oldest and strongest made sure that none of the other siblings bonded in smaller groups for fear of losing the hold they had on us.  I was among the weak ones, and I remember much of my childhood as though I’d been the resident of an internment camp.
My brothers were pathologically competitive. Often they would make sweeps through the house or the neighborhood plucking the more sensitive of us from our hiding places.  “Schnell, schnell,” they would scream, like their SS officer heroes on World War II TV shows. We would be pressed into playing games of football, baseball or hockey during which we would be physically run down to the point of exhaustion, with some of us left to wander insensate onto the railroad tracks in back of our house. On the playing field they were brilliantly lethal, effectively reinforcing our inferiority, but what my brothers really excelled at were mind games.
The summer of my thirteenth birthday was a particularly tense time for the family. For two and a half solid weeks in late July the news on TV had been dominated by two horrifying but unrelated stories about disturbed people who killed other members of their family, and the perpetrators were true to form and way over their heads into Jesus.
Locally, the first week of August during that same summer, three blocks from our house in fact, we had a gruesome axe murdering of parents by their adult son, which didn’t go over too well with Adolf and Eva, which is what we used to call my parents (males earned respect in our house by being bellicose and psychologically disturbed; females by being long sufferers and sneaky.)
Going into the second week of August, all the members of my family started backing away from each other, even the tough ones; they were thinking that maybe the day of retribution was at hand.  We suddenly started giving each other space, something we would never have dreamed of doing before.
We’d stare at each other and look quickly away when we got caught.  We were all trying to figure out if our many grievances with one another were worth killing for and who was most likely to crack first and who would be the first victim. When you caught someone staring at you that way, you weren’t sure whether they were looking at you trying to decide if you deserved to die or if they were worried you were going to pop them.
As I was also going through puberty at the time, I became completely unnerved by the atmosphere of gloom that hung over our household for the rest of that very hot, humid summer.  ‘I don’t even like these people,’ I thought,  ‘I didn’t choose this family.  It’s so unfair; this is not what I signed up for.’
Things all came to a head a few days before school started up and I for one was especially worried because it seemed to me that the first week of school, when we’d all be pre-occupied with matters of education, would be the perfect time to strike.  My older teenage brothers had been spending more and more time away from home, and their absence whipped our concerns into hysteria.   ‘I think they’re making plans to get us,’ my little sister whispered to me.
Those few days before the commencement of our (last?) school year we couldn’t seem to get enough of each other’s company because we had by this time decided that keeping every one in sight was our best insurance against multiple homicide.
Finally though, one night while we were all together in the living room, my dad yelled at my little sister, all of seven years old – “Stop looking at me that way, I’m not going to kill you, for chrissakes!” and that kind of broke the spell.  We realized that we weren’t killers, just assholes.
We were still in the process of healing when Halloween loomed. The youngest family members, me, Tracy and Debbie, begged our mother not to let the older kids take us out for Halloween. “Right,” she said, vacantly, hands on hips. Then in a manic outburst she said, “Ok, we’re gonna take you out and we’re gonna dress up.  Did you hear that, Lenny?”  My sisters and I looked at each other as we heard our father in the living room mumble, ‘Jesus Christ’
My mother, now progressing towards a full manic episode, screamed in the general direction of my father, “That’s not what I want to hear, Lenny.  It’s time you started taking some responsibility for these kids.”
“It’ll be fun,” he yelled sarcastically
Finally the night arrived, the only truly scary Halloween that I’ve ever had, and we were lead by my parents, who ended up eating most of our candy while we were still ambling about from house to house.  My sister Debbie went as Mary Magdalene, my sister Tracy went as a bird with birth defects caused by DDT and I went as the host on that TV game show where everybody had to dress up in silly costumes except him.
My parents went as Oxen.

Maria was all sympathy after I related the travails of my childhood, only somewhat embellished to drive home the point that I had every excuse to justify my being damaged goods, which she confirmed was how Uncle Arthur had described me.
“I like bad boys,” she said and it made me feel just a tad proud and grateful to hear her describe me like that.



Chapter XIV: Disturbing Things


The next morning I was piqued by an anthropological curiosity as to how my guests would mix at breakfast.  Early 21st century God-born-again Southerner meets God-bore-dom Frenchies.
“We went to ze Castro Theatre to see a film; they are showing films of Being Crowsby,” Bruno said.
“Oh, really?” Maxine said.  “I just love Bing Crosby.  What did y’all see?”
“High Society,” Sophie said.  “Very amusant – amoozing – Grace Kelly, so beautiful, Frank Seenatra, Louis Armstrong.”
“The music, so wonderful,” Martine added.
“Oh, that’s a good one,” Maxine said and then she asked,  “Any idea what’s playing today?”
“Goingk My Way,” Hubert answered.
“Oh, that’s a nice one, too, although why he had to be a Catholic all the time, I don’t understand.”
“O, la-la,” Sophie began, “les gays et puis, maintenant – les Catholiques.  Et qui encore – les Juifs?”
“We are Catholiques,” Hubert said.
“Well, I figured as much.  Do you go to one of those beautiful cathedrals?”
“Eh, buh, uh,” Hubert began uttering those strange non-words that the French use so liberally to communicate the true state of their souls.
“We do’ant go to the cherch,” Bruno said.
“Except for our marriage day,” Martine added.
“I just don’t understand why French people don’t go to church.  The Lord offers so many gifts and they’re all just waitin’ for ya for free at church – it’s like open bar at a tee-totaler’s convention; they need it so bad but won’t touch the stuff.  Don’t any of you accept Jesus as your personal saviour?”
“We had enough religion,” Sophie answered with a raised voice, “the Catholic church was a force oppressive in French history.”
“Well, now, you seem angry at the Catholic church,” Maxine said with a worried look on her face.  “I’m not angry at it; I just think it’s wrong-headed and it makes me sad how they distort the word of God.”
“My wife eez full of fee-yer; fi-yer; fire,” Hubert said with a typical French mix of pride and resignation.
“So, what about Mary?”  Martine asked.  “You don’t think she was divine?”
“Mary was the vessel from which the Lord gave Jesus to the world.  She was a mother who cried for her son, but she should not be worshipped.  That’s where the – well, I mean no disrespect – where the Catholics get it all wrong.”
At this point I asserted my authority, exercising my right to manipulate my guests  in order to achieve that good cheer so conducive to large tips.  I deftly took the negatives implied by the words “Catholic” and “wrong” and turned them into positives by associating them with European charm and cultural superiority.
“Well,” I began, “the Catholics must have done something right because anybody who could make Nôtre Dame (I gave it an immaculate pronunciation), illuminated manuscripts and those exquisite monastic alcoholic spirits can’t be that bad.  I mean, what if all we had were TV guides and the golden arches?  That would be so wrong!”
Everyone could agree on that and the rest of the breakfast passed without incident.  I did notice that both Frenchmen were a bit transfixed by Maxine’s breasts.  Her tits were more prominently displayed that morning in a low-cut jersey and they undulated as she demonstrated how the seals at Fisherman’s wharf had playfully teased the assembly of tourists.
Martine and Sophie, with fine, less ample breasts of their own, clearly noticed too, as was evidenced by arch smiles, impatient frowns and a lot of poking and nudging of their husbands.  They cut short Maxine the Performing Seal and left with their backpacks and husbands for the ferry to Sausalito; Maxine left shortly after with a friendly wave and one last shake of her boobs.
It was an easy leap from Maxine’s mammary glands to Maria’s.  I daydreamed about touching them, working her sensitive nipples until she…….
There’s really no point in relating all that passed between Maria and me over those first few days of our acquaintance.  It was the usual moony staring deep into each others’ eyes, the fondling of skin and hair, the first settling in of habits and routines that were still spontaneous.  All this was of endless fascination to Maria and me but probably not to too many others.  Of more interest to the broader public was our discovery of disturbing things about each other.
I was back at Maria’s that evening with the dinner I had prepared earlier; it was heating up in the kitchen while I sat on the couch and she insisted on tidying up the place before we ate.
Adam was fidgeting around and began driving a small truck up my leg.  He was testing me, I knew, and I pretended not to notice him as I watched his mother.  Before I knew what he was doing, he was driving figure eights and wheelies on my stomach.  Then, stretching his body over me to continue driving his truck onto the couch he steadied himself by planting his hand in my crotch and left it there.  I panicked.
“Adam,” I said to the ceiling.  “Maria,” I said, then louder, as though it were a question, I said again, “Maria?!”
“What?”
“Make him stop,” I pleaded, lip-synching while I pointed to Adam.  I was sweating.
“Come here sweetheart.  Why don’t you go get your Big Earth-Mover video and watch it on the TV in my room.”  Adam left the room to get his video.  “What was that all about?  You, like, panicked.”
“He had his hand on my crotch.”
“Excuse me!?”
“Ok, I was going to talk to you about this at some point and I didn’t know how to bring it up.  Look, I have this fear of intimacy with children.”
“Why?”
“I’m a single, middle-aged white male.”
“Yeah?……And?…”
“And I’m petrified that someone is going to think I’m a child-molester.”
“Nobody’s going to think that.  You aren’t are you?”
“Oh, my God, see!   Even you ask me that.”
“Well, you brought it up!”
“I brought it up because I’m part of the demographic!  People suspect single, middle-aged white guys.”
“You’re not middle-aged.”
“I’ve already been through this with your father.  He proved irrefutably that I am middle-aged.  So let that rest.”
“I don’t know what to say.  It’s just a weird topic.”
“I like you and I like Adam but I just have a hard time being affectionate with little kids.  I thought you might understand – a little bit – but I guess not.  Sorry I brought it up!”
“I’m sorry, I mean it’s not like you’re a Catholic priest or anything.  I do know what you mean and it’s ok.  You’ll get more comfortable.  Touching Adam is the great joy of my life.  Kids need that and so do adults.  I trust you; I wouldn’t have brought you into my life if I didn’t.”
“Thanks, I know it’s weird, but I do worry about it.”
“Well, stop worrying.”
Most of you have probably heard of racial profiling, a practice whereby police, usually of the lightly-complexioned variety, treat every black man as a criminal until proven innocent.  Although I’m not harassed regularly by law-enforcement, I am subject to the court of public opinion, which, in the right context, views my kind as a threat.  If I happen to be walking past a grade school as it gets out, I get weird looks from the moms come to fetch their kids.
If kids ask me questions at the store and I attempt to answer, they get jerked away by their mothers who seem not to care that they’ve nearly pulled their child’s arm out of its socket.  God forbid there’s a lost child at the shopping mall; my first instinct is to comfort and help them find the parents; but these days – proceed at your own risk.  Once I took a kid by the hand to bring her to the security guard a mere twenty feet away and suddenly dad swoops in, grabs the kid and gives me a look like I was Adolf Hitler and I owed him money.
I’m a single, middle-aged white male – that much I have in common with serial killers, pedophiles and disgruntled and armed former employees.
When one of these deviants gets caught it’s almost always the case that they were avid church-goers or friendly and helpful to their neighbors.  “He was such a nice man,” you always hear people say. or “He loved little kids and puppies.”  Luckily I haven’t been that nice to my neighbors so I don’t think I would arouse any of those suspicions in my neighborhood, but elsewhere I’m fair game.
My situation wasn’t helped by the fact that some of my friends had some pretty weird kids.  Especially Molly and Ted.  They named their first daughter Candy and it was all down hill from there.

Candy, one girl’s story
Her parents were becoming concerned at the direction her development was taking.  She danced in short, sequined skirts with no top and no underwear. She’d become adept at lap dancing and indiscriminant as to whose lap she used.  She would call out to strange men in public, ‘Friend.”
I sat with Ted in the backyard of their house one day.  We watched a top-less Candy as she grasped the pole of the clothes-line with her hands, one leg in the air, and slowly circled it.
“I wish she’d stop doing that,” Ted said.
“What – you mean that pole dancing thing?”
“Yeah, she does it all the time.  What if she grows up to be a stripper?”
“I don’t think they like to be called strippers anymore.  They’re exotic night club performers or, if you want to get academic, ecdysiasts.”  He looked at me with consternation.
“Whatsiasts?”
“It’s from the Greek, ekdysis, to strip off.”
“You’re not helping.”
“Well, what were you and Molly thinking?” I asked.  “I mean – Candy? – come on.”
Molly and Ted kept having kids like there was a great shortage of babies and they were working overtime to fill all the orders.  There were six kids in all and the behavior of the good kids cancelled out that of the bad kids: Teddie Jr. liked starting fires, and his older brother Paul liked putting them out.  Sally liked torturing and killing insects; John Paul liked burying them and giving last rites.  And Rachel was always telling Candy to put her clothes back on.

Bridging the gap
Maria had her own little melt-down later that same night.  After we had finished dinner and Adam’s baby-sitter came over, I told Maria that I had a surprise for her.  We got in my car and I started driving towards the freeway.
“Where are you going?” Maria asked me in a concerned voice as I got on the freeway heading towards the Bay Bridge.  Her eyes were wider than I’d ever seen them.
“Well, I was going to leave it as a surprise, but I guess I can tell you; we’re going to see Citizen Kane at the Paramount Theatre.  I remembered you saying you’d never seen it and really wanted to.  I love that theatre, don’t you?”
“Yeah.”
“It’s such a great place to see old movies.  What have you seen there?”
“Oh, I don’t know, I don’t remember.”  Her voice got quieter, “well, actually I’ve never been.”
“You’ve got to be kidding.  That’s one of the best things about San Francisco, even if it is in Oakland.  I can’t believe you’ve never been there.  How come?”
“It’s not like there’s one big reason, you know, it’s just – Look, I’m afraid of bridges.  Can you please pull off the road; we only have two more exits before the bridge.”
“You’re afraid of bridges?  Wait a minute – you mean like seismically?  You’re afraid of one in an earthquake?”  The familiar landmarks whizzed by in a blur as we sped down the freeway.
“Well, yes, of course I’m afraid of being on a bridge during an earthquake, but I mean more than that.  I mean all the time.  Please exit now.”
“Wait a minute – you grew up in the San Francisco Bay area; you can’t get from here to there without crossing a bridge, there are half a dozen major bridges.  How could anybody who lives here be afraid of bridges?  How do you function?”
“I try to avoid going over bridges,” she said as she stared straight ahead, paralyzed by the impending catastrophe.   Her eyes darted about.  “I just try to stay out of their way.  You’re going to miss the next exit if you don’t get into the right lane.  Now.”
“What about overpasses?  Like on the freeway.”
“I don’t really have a problem with them.  I mean, not really.  Please turn off the road.”
“But they’re bridges!”
“Calm down! “ she shouted, and then proceeded to hysterics.  “You missed the exit, you missed the exit!  Get into the right lane now!  Cut over!   This is the last exit!“ I lunged into the right lane, displacing and narrowly missing a car full of cardboard boxes and minutes later we were riding down the off-ramp.  Maria was sweating and hyperventilating, her face she held in her hands.  I pulled the car over once we hit the city streets and began rubbing her back and whispering ‘sssshhhh’ into her ear as though I were slowly deflating.  She was softly crying into her hands as she said,
“What, are you trying to shame me just because I’m afraid of bridges?”
“I’m sorry, I mean, no, it’s just, it’s just – weird.”
“Well, everybody has their weird side.  This is mine.”  She sat upright as I handed her a tissue.  “The question is are you going to accept it or are you going to make me feel bad about it?” She turned to face me.  “Think carefully before you speak because the future of our relationship will be hanging on your answer.”
“I totally accept it.  You accepted my fear of intimacy with children; I accept your fear of intimacy with bridges.  I’m sorry if I made you feel bad.  I should have pulled off the freeway right away; I just didn’t understand.  Look, I’m the guy who invented irrational fear and that’s why I’d like to help you vanquish yours.  You don’t want to pass that on to Adam.”
“That’s sweet of you.  I’ve tried therapy but bridges still creep me out.  I think I’ll just live with it for now.  And thanks for thinking of Adam.”
“When was the last time you went to the East Bay?”
“What year is it?    I guess it’s been, let’s see, one, two, three, years.”
“Ah-mazing.”
“Weird, huh?”
“Good weird.  Good weird.  Actually it makes me feel more comfortable around you.  I was beginning to think you were one of those extremely competent and well-adjusted people one’s always reading about in the business sections of newspapers.  You know, the kind that don’t have interior lives.”  Maria gave me a crumpled little frown.
“So, if you really had to go to the East Bay, how would you go?” I asked her.
“Drive down the peninsula and cut over through San Jose.  It takes a couple hours.  I’ve done it before.”
“Let’s skip the movie.”
We returned to Maria’s house and discussed the problem of her father, his absence and betrayal.  We formed a plan of action and the next morning I put it into play.

B & Behave
Maxine came down to breakfast around 7:30.  She was stilled concerned about the Porky situation so I basically continued the conversation Maria and I had had about her father’s adultery and subsequent abdication.  Maxine had continued praying for the family without much success.  I told her I had decided to go look for Porky and bring him back home.
“I’m not sure how to go about it.  I can’t just leave the house, it’s my livelihood,” I said.  “Tip can’t run the B&B because he’s too busy with his dog business and hotel bookings.”
“Oh, Roy, honey, I can watch things for you while you’re gone.  It’d be exciting!”
“That’s sweet of you, but I can’t just hand over the business to you.  You’ve never done this before.”
“Oh, come on, how hard can it be?  It’s not rocket science.”
That was bitchy.  I get that kind of attitude from people who have no idea of the vast reserves of patience and humility required to fulfill my vocation.  They don’t understand that people want not only good service, but for you to make the world whole for them. They have no idea how long it takes to convince some people that the instant gratification of their every whim isn’t good for their soul.  Observers of my condition as hotelier are not aware how long it actually takes to sink in that it’s the people who tell you ‘Don’t bother,’ ‘Don’t make a fuss for us!’ or ‘We’re really casual.’ that end up causing the biggest headaches.  That’s not something you can learn in a science lab at MIT.
“Well, it can be a lot harder than you’d guess, but let me make a few calls.” Tip registered his alarm at Maxine’s proposal.  I had to excuse myself from her and take the rest of the call in my apartment.
“Look, it would only be for a day or two.  My friend is really sick and I want to see him.  Maxine can stay in her room and I’ll train her in the basics.  I think it could work.  The place is full.  All she’d end up having to do is breakfast and cleanup.  I mean at least until the French folks leave, but I should be back by then.”
“You don’t even know this woman!  What did I say about not becoming too involved with the guests?”
“She offered and I think she could pull it off.  She’s a born-again Christian, how much damage could she do?”
“Hello, have you read the Bible lately?   It’s full of disaster.  You want to know what kind of people go to church? That crazed torturer/killer in the Mid-West? – Deacon of his church!  That guy who gunned down his mother, wife and children? – Devout Christian!”
“I still think this could work out,” I insisted.  Suddenly Tip got all passive and meek.
“Ok,” he said in a reedy little voice, “you show her how to put out breakfast in the morning and how to clean the rooms and bathrooms and do the laundry.”  Then just as suddenly he barked,  “But I don’t want her checking in any guests or collecting payment.  I’ll come over and do that.  Does she have a cell phone?”
“I don’t know. She can use mine if not.”
“How am I going to get in touch with you?”
“I’ll only be gone two days, max.”
“She needs to understand that she must remain in contact with me at all times day and night and that her loyalty to me supersedes that to any and all other entities, secular or divine.”
So everything seemed fine until five minutes later Tip calls back.
“I totally forgot, you can’t go now because I have three doggie appointments you said you would do for me this week.”
“Oh, I forgot about that.  Why did you need me to take them again?”
“I’m having my polyps removed and I’m going to be out for two days.”
“Well, I’m sorry Tip, you’re going to have to make other arrangements.  My friend is really sick.”
“With what?”
“They don’t even know, that’s how bad it is.”
“You promised me and you’re lying.”
“I know I did, but things change.  You have to go with the flow.”
“You promised me!”
“I need to take a leave of absence.”
“A leave of your senses, more like.”
“Well, too bad!  I’m going,” I yelled.
“That’s it, Roy!  It’s over!”
“Now look Tip…..”
“No – don’t you look Tip me.  We’re through.  I’m finished with you.  Find somebody else to put up with your bullshit.”  I slammed the phone down and brought my anger a few notches below seething before going out to Maxine.
I showed Maxine what she needed to know and could tell how excited she was to be running a B & B.  She took notes while I showed her how to clean every aspect of the house.  She immediately set about cleaning my house with a fervor I’m sure she never applied at home.
I called Celestine’s number at about ten, after the phone rang five times I started thinking this was bad form – either you answer the phone after three rings or you program your calling system to pick up and take a message.  I get annoyed at people who let their phone ring interminably, keeping me glued to false promise.  Maybe that was excusable thirty years ago, in the world without cell phones and voice mail, but not today.  I was reminded again of Celestine’s seniority.
“Hello, I heard a voice say.  She sounded different, more commanding.
“Hi, Celestine?”
“Yes”
“Hi, it’s me Roy, Golden Rules Bed and Breakfast in San Francisco.”
“Well….hello, Roy.”  She sounded less sure all of a sudden.  I wasn’t going to let the silence get awkward.
“So, how’s your week been?” I asked, using one of the predetermined prompts I’d settled on to get her to talk about Porky.
“Oh, just fine, nothing exciting.”
“The usual routine, huh?”
“Oh, yeah.”
“Listen, I found an earring and I wondered if it’s yours.  Is it?”
“I don’t see how it could be, I only had the one pair with me and they’re on me now.  Did you find it in my room?”
“Yeah, I did.  Huh, must be somebody else’s.  Oh, well.  Listen, I’m going to be driving down your way and wondered if I could stop by to say hello, maybe take you out for a drink.”
“I thought you didn’t drink?”
“Oh, I drink, I just, um, prefer not to.  You, know, alcohol.”
“Well, I suppose so.  When would you be coming by?”
“Probably later this afternoon; I’m not sure of the time exactly.”
“That’s fine, I should be home all day.”
I readied myself for the long trip to Camarillo with a sandwich, some raw carrots and a muffin.  At the last minute I threw in a couple oranges, which, in the not too distant citrus-rich past, would have been like bringing coals to Newcastle.



Chapter XV: Travel Log


I think the world would be a better place if people just stayed home.   I wouldn’t want to widely disseminate this idea at the present time as it would be voting against my economic interests, which is apparently what large numbers of America’s working classes in the Bible Belt do.  I’m not sure one could say I ever belonged to the working class, given my lifetime of spotty underemployment and now, since I’ve inherited property in one of the country’s most expensive real estate markets, I consider myself to belong to some other category which hasn’t been invented yet.
This leaving home and going away business is a major project.  Especially the short notice; it must be in the genes.
Long before it became official U.S. policy, my father was a committed unilateralist as evidenced by his flat refusal to consult with anyone before he began major renovations or planned family outings.
“You never even asked me,” my mother screamed as he began prying apart a living room wall one morning at 7:00 am.
It wasn’t unusual to find him literally throwing things into the back of the station wagon agitated that no one else in the family had arisen at the crack of dawn to help him prepare for a trip they knew nothing about.  The destination was usually some rancid strip of New England oceanfront noted chiefly for its strip joints and tattoo parlors.

My drive down to Celestine’s was noteworthy only because I had the most extraordinary series of interactions with automobiles that exemplified my entire list of driving peeves.  Everything that drives me crazy about people driving cars happened.
I’m about to make a left turn.  I notice an oncoming car going much too fast and when he sees me wanting to take a left turn the driver decides to bump it up a notch and squeeze some more speed out of the gas pedal.  A driver has two options at this point: wait patiently for the pushy driver to work through his little power trip and then turn after he’s gone by or gun it and make the turn before he smashes into you.  I’ve found my own third way: I make the turn when it works for me and I do it slowly, like I was really enjoying this turn and determined to savor it, forcing the rapidly approaching driver to jam on the breaks in acknowledgement of the fact that he’s driving too fast and he’s an asshole.
This is another thing that bugs me:  I’m stopped at a traffic light.  The car next to me is creepy-crawling its way through the red light; it just can’t wait.  But then when the light turns green it just sits there.  So what was all that inching forward and then suddenly when it’s actually legal to move your car across the intersection, something changes dramatically for the driver, who suddenly loses all sense of urgency and is unable to move forward?  I look over to the driver, who is heavily into make up and hydrogen peroxide and I realize it would probably take an eighteen wheeler and a dozen hunky guys to get her to move on.
I do like to look around a bit while I’m driving.  I notice an older car driven by a Latino man and his wife and several children; they’re being followed by a pick-up truck with a gun rack and a huge American flag billowing out from a pole on the cab.  He has more American flags on his mud flaps, over which are the silhouettes of curvaceous naked women.  Am I witnessing a vigilante stalking his prey?  But, no, he surges ahead because he’s going about 90mph and hasn’t got the time for citizen’s arrest; probably he’s rushing to the border to prevent more of the mongrel horde from entering.  I wonder what all these super-patriots who stalk our borders would do if we started enforcing the speed limits – probably swell the ranks of the ‘illegals’.
Now that we’re on the topic of vigilantes, I have to confess that I often feel the need to police the traffic lanes like one of those Catholic nuns slapping her palm with a ruler as she files between the rows of desks with a disapproving stare.  Sometimes when I‘m driving on the freeway and approaching my exit, I’ll purposefully ride the line between the right lane and the breakdown lane, basically cutting-off impatient drivers from using it as a means of getting off the freeway ahead of the pack. Once one car starts doing it, they all do and I can’t let that happen.  And if I feel a car is about to pass me because they think I’m driving too slowly, I speed up, eventually forcing them back in line behind me.
It amazes me how bloody-minded I get behind the wheel of a car.  When somebody does something rude or stupid on the road, I sincerely wish for them to die horribly in a quick, fiery explosion, their body parts strewn amidst the wreckage of what used to be their automobile.  I consider that an appropriate punishment for any old minor infraction.

Sub-urbane
I don’t get out of the city much and as I get farther away from San Francisco, I notice that the suburbs now follow the retail calendar when it comes to holidays.  As soon as the collective suburban breath is caught after back-to-school sales (which begin in July), lamp posts are twirled round with spiders and their webs, trees festooned with hanging cadavers and various types of spooks and ghoulies are placed thoughtfully around the mostly unused front entrances.
Even before Thanksgiving, whenever that is, has expired in a carbohydrate over-reach, Santa Claus peeks merrily from windows and teams of reindeer lit from within are frozen in the headlights of the on-coming season.
I can envision a future where the holidays meld in one seamless mega-holiday celebrated daily throughout the year.  People will be given holiday enjoyment-enhancing drugs subsidized by the government so all of us can enjoy the holidays as much as Lawrence Welk did. The government will have co-opted the imagery of holidays for use in its propaganda. Cupids with covered pudenda will admonish you to avoid foreign entanglements; good luck, the leprechauns will remind you as you purchase your mandatory state lottery tickets.
“Every day is a Holiday under our Dear Leader,” the banners will say.  ‘All Pay is Holiday Pay!’  The witches in posters have fingers to their lips, ‘Loothe teeth think thipths,” the type says.

It was only some 4 hours after leaving San Francisco that I passed through Solvang, CA, an ersatz Danish village that has had any pretense of authentic culture sucked vampirically from it’s arteries. I wondered what a vampire would look like in wooden clogs and silly flood-expectant clothing. “Solvang, I vant to suck your veins with my fangs.” I said, again and again, as though I were one, sinking my teeth into that accent, when my phone rang.  It was Maria.
“Maria, hi.  I’m glad you called.  I feel so much better on the road.  I really need to do this more often.”
“So, I heard from my Dad,” she said.  Her tone was steel-cold.
“You did?  Where is he?  Did he ever get to Celestine’s?  What the Hell is he doing?”
“So, my Dad told me you gave him Celestine’s address.”
“What?!”
“You heard me.  You lied to me.  You said you had nothing to do with this, when in fact he never would have run away if you hadn’t told him where she lives.”
“Now, wait a minute.”
“It’s a good thing I found out you’re a liar now before I got in too deep.  I was actually starting to fall for you.  God!  What was I thinking?”
“Look, it’s not that black and white….”
“NO!  No, no.  I’m not going skiing down the slippery slope with you.  You lied, fact, end of story.”
“Listen, this is a difficult time, ok.  But we all have to work together and not be at each other’s throats.”
“You know, I don’t care.  Really, I don’t care.  I’m pissed at you, I’m pissed at my dad, my mother is in a catatonic state – I mean, I found dust in my mother’s house this morning.  Dust!  The last time I saw dust in that house was when the vacuum cleaner blew up.  And even then she had it cleaned up in five minutes.  You and my dad can go fuck yourselves.  Right now I’m taking care of my son, my mother and myself.  Did you hear your name in that list?  No.  Good-fucking-bye,” and with that she hung up.
Eeerr, I was so mad.  I was so anxious.  I was so depressed.  My car trip, which had been filling me with a new sense of freedom from all responsibilities and constraints was ruined and I hadn’t even slept with her yet.
Freud said: “For the libido to swell to a height, it needs an obstacle”.  Mine, apparently, needed an obstacle course.
Had I not seen Maria for a second and third time, I could have dismissed her from my life without the gut wrenching.  But she had crawled under my skin and there was no turning her out by conventional means.
My eyes dried fast enough; I know that some women respond well to tears, it brings out the mother in them but I wasn’t for wallowing on the way to Celestine’s but rather for picking myself up as quickly and as proudly as I could.  It took some effort and a little help from an old friend, a certain cool drink of something on the rocks, but with friends like that, who needs enemies?
I walked into the liquor store, all the bottles greeting me like shards in a stained glass window – glowing, pulsing with spiritual life.  My heart beat quicker; I felt an almost sexual tension that gripped me first in the shoulders and chest, then shivered down into my ass and my penis and out my Achilles heel. I was foolish to be there but wise enough to wait till I got to Celestine’s before I actually started drinking.

Shangri-la-di-da
I was rounding a corner in Camarillo when I saw the landmark Celestine had described: a palm tree on her front lawn that looked like a big fat pineapple.  As I would soon discover, her life was full of things that expressed themselves as other than what they were.  Her Dachshund, Sammy, thinks it’s a seal; it waddles on its belly, pulling itself by its front legs as its hindquarters and extended legs slap the ground.  And it barks like a seal – Uhr, uhr, uhr.
She has a cat that thinks it’s a canary; it’s head darts and turns in quick, staccato bursts and the birds flit about it without even the slightest concern for their safety as it pecks at the ground.  And I would see bugs that thought they were sticks or leaves, green leaves that smelled like lemon droops taste, strange Dr. Seussian phallic mushrooms that smelled like rotten meat and soil that looked and smelled like ground coffee.
And here I had brought my own thing that was other than what one thought it was.  Anyone viewing me in my car taking a swig of Jack would have seen a man drinking from a bottle.  But I was really pursing the coin of my realm and like a juke box or an old amusement park mécanique come to life at the drop of a dime, that first sip of the first drink I’d had in a long time brought something inside me back to life, a darker, warmer, richer being primed to entertain.
From the back of the yard a voice commanded me to enter the house. I opened the unlocked screen door and walked through rooms out the sliding glass doors that had all sorts of stickers on them (to prevent the death of birds, I imagined) and found her in the midst of magical land teeming with the most ostentatious displays of life.
“Hello, Roy.  I’m afraid I’m deep into gardening and won’t be pulled away from it easily.  You can sit for a while and I’ll join you when I can, or you can follow me around, as you like.”
“I want to help; give me something to do.”
“Oh, this is too good to be true, somebody pinch me.  First off you can start smiling.”  I guess I was looking pretty glum.
“Didn’t I tell you I have a hard time smiling?”
“No, but come to think of it I never did see you smile, as such.  You laughed, though.”
“Exactly.”
“What’s the problem?”
“I don’t know.  I think it’s genetic.”
“Is it really that hard for you to smile?  Try.”
I tried even though I don’t like what smiling does to my cheeks.
“Is that the best you can do?  You look like you’ve been sitting on the potty for a while and it just won’t come.”
I laughed but something went down my windpipe and I started choking.
“Don’t die on me cowboy, you haven’t done anything yet.”
Celestine led me to a spot in the back where she had laid some tools next to clumps of plants with their roots showing.
“This isn’t perfect transplanting weather; it’s best done on a cool, misty day, but I have to get these in the ground.  First we’ll dig the holes and get everything ready.”  I grabbed the shovel she handed me.  It was a beautiful old thing and I commented on it.
“English.  A hundred years old.  I’ve had it repaired several times at great expense.  I’m lying, a woodworker friend of mine fixed it for me for nothing, the dear man.”  I finished digging the holes and she directed my attention to a long wooden cabinet against the back fence.  It too was beautiful.
“Isn’t it gorgeous?  Another woodworker friend made it for me.  It houses the black plastic containers that really cook the compost.  I just crank the handle to spin the containers and it all eventually ends up in these drawers at the bottom that just slide out on wheels.  Ingenious design.”
“So, do you only date woodworkers?”
“No, but all my men are good with their hands.”  She gave me another one of her trademark coy looks. “Those two were rivals for business and my affections.  Guess which of them won.”
“Mr. Sliding Drawers.”
“You got it.”  We quickly dug the holes.  “Now we’ll empty the compost bin and get all this good stuff at the bottom,” she said, as she slid out a drawer full of rich soil.
“It’s practically black.”
“Isn’t it gorgeous?  I get lots of coffee grounds from a local café.
“Mmm… I can smell it.  Coffee isn’t too strong for plants?”
“No, it’s rich in nutrients, you can practically just grow things in it as is.  And it makes even the soil in my garden smell wonderful.”
“Who knew?  All those grounds from thousands of cups of coffee tossed in the rubbish when I could have been growing prize tomatoes.  Are cigarette butts good for the soil too?”
“No, why?  Were you a chain smoker?”
“No, I don’t think so.  I just remember them floating in coffee mugs and beer bottles and scooping soggy handfuls of them out of the sink and doing it for years.  I can’t remember the last time though.”
As I knelt before the three holes we had dug, Celestine showed me how to mix the compost with this fine crushed stone – for drainage she said – in the holes with the existing soil.
“Always plant in threes,” she said.  “It’s a magical number, the three wise men, the three graces, third time’s the charm….”
“Blind mice, musketeers, three horsemen of the apocalypse, three-ways…”
“That’s four and I take my lovers one at a time.  You’ll have to excuse me, I need to use the ladies room.”
With her out of the way, I leapt over to my jacket and removed my bottle. I had another drink; the effect on me was that of the slightest prick of some passing predatory creature on a hidden anemone in a corral reef causing it to spring into magnificent display.  I could feel the heat and the colors as they over-ran every inch of my body; I sensed each of my little hairs moving to some invisible current.  It was sick, sweet seduction.
The coffee aroma has me musing.  I see fields of freshly ground coffee recently plowed and seeded with cigarette butts that start pushing out roots and sprouting.  From them emerge strange plants that grow rapidly to giant proportions.  The roots drink their fill of coffee and the long, spindly stems and broad leaves take deep drafts of oxygen and exhale carbon monoxide with a smoker’s cough.  People congregate under the enormous plants, which they begin to think of as sacred.  A unique culture develops.  Someone discovers Jack Daniels, and the rest is history.
When she came back outside, Celestine took a bucket of the compost and carried it over to the roses.
“Oh, my, here’s something,” she said as she fingered the leaves of a rose bush.
“What’s that?”
“Look closely.”
“You mean the curled leaves?”
“No, I’ll show you.”  She touched a branch of the rose and part of it moved and walked away!
“Wow, what was that?”
“It’s a stick bug.”
“No wonder.”

As I helped her spread the compost around the rose bushes and then work it into the soil, two tiny squirrels chased each other up and down the pine tree in the next yard.  It sounded like someone was unwrapping a really big candy bar.
“Oh, that rose is huge,” I said, pointing to an enormous blossom flushed with pink, orange and yellow.
“Beautiful isn’t it?  Sad though, the bush is about to die.”
“Why do you say that?  It looks so healthy.  How could you know that?”
“I just know.  Plants are like people that way, they’ll sometimes make one last burst of effort.  It’s an old bush, planted before my house was built, which was about eighty years ago.  When I first moved in one of my neighbors remembered the area when it was all part of a ranch back when he was a child.  See that line of palm trees in back and that pointy little roof?  That’s an old gazebo and just beyond is an old house and this was the rose garden of that house.”
“I didn’t know roses could live so long,” I said, regretting that I sounded so ignorant about something Celestine had a passion for.
“Oh they can live longer than this one, I’ve seen roses in France that are hundreds of years old.  No reason they should live so long, they just do.  Like that woman in Arles, heard about her?” she asked, arching her eyebrow as she cocked her head playfully my way.
“I don’t know, what about her?”
“She died at the age of 120, remembered that crazy, dirty artist in town Vincent Van Gogh.  This is what she said, ‘The only wrinkle I have is the one I’m sitting on.’  I embroidered that on my favorite chair.”
I was feeling a warm rush of poetry coming from deep inside me.
“Ah, the lady embroiders.  Methinks her talents are a match for her beauty.”  I love it when Jack, in partnership with a woman, inspires me to say such things.  Oh, God, here I was courting this woman who has a good deal more than one wrinkle, her with her sixty-three years and counting.  A weak and wounded angel sits on my shoulder whispering in my ear, telling me I’m a loser, that other forty year-old men are having wild affairs with the young Latina cashiers at their favorite supermarkets.
I watched as she snipped off the dead ends of rose branches.  Her fingers looked like the sleeves of jackets that have been slept in, all wrinkled and puckered at the elbows.  I took her hand and flipped it over.  The palms were coarse and chapped.
“Ah, her palm bears the stitches of her years and she spins them lightly.”
“Who wrote that?”
“I don’t know, I just thought of it now.”
“You have a poet’s heart, Roy and the eyes of a little boy.”
“Mmmmm.. If you’re going to do a tour of my body parts, make sure you stop before you hit my liver, it’s been swimming around in the Love Canal for years.”
Celestine puckered her mouth and then bit her lower lip, making up her mind about something and keeping a smile at bay.
“Oh, love canal, very interesting.  Did you finish that whole bottle?”
I felt a quick flush of shame but then I laughed and I held her hand still.  “You need to moisturize.  I mean, really, really, really,” I said.
“Oh, I know, gardening exacts its toll but it’s a price worth paying.  I always mean to rub lotion on but then I forget.”
“Let me do it for you.”
“Sure.  But first let’s finish up; people will be coming over for Sunset Club soon.”
“What’s that?”
“Oh, just a revolving group of friends and acquaintances that come over to drink, smoke, bullshit and celebrate the death of another day,” Celestine said as she pinched beetles off the roses and squished them to death.
“You don’t mess around.  I’d hate to be a bug in your world.”
“Well, now, that depends if you’re a beneficial insect or just a pest.  I coddle nice bugs but the bad ones I kill on contact.  I got over the squeamishness long ago.”
“A streak of heartlessness always becomes a woman,” I said as I surrendered to the fact that once again, Celestine had become an object of my desire.  “So am I beneficial or just a pest?”
“I think you could be put to good use,” she said.
“So you promise not to squish me to death?”
“You will feel no pain; that’s all I can promise.”

Tequila Mockingbird
I helped Celestine tidy the backyard and by seven all the regular sun-setters had assembled and were sitting around lazily.  They ranged in age from 30’s to 60’s I guessed, five men to three women all with complaints, merciless humor at each other’s expense and periods of rumination.  These were honest people who made eye contact a competitive sport.
They had brought an ice chest of beer, bottles of wine and the best of tequilas.
“Would you like a glass of wine?” Celestine asked me as she opened a bottle.  “Did you tell me you don’t drink?”  She was being facetious and flirty.
“I usually don’t drink, no.”
“Well, I wouldn’t want to be the cause of anything.”
“I’d love you to be the cause of something.”  And then I thought for a bit.  “You know, I think I will have a glass. Why don’t you pour me two and save yourself the trouble later.”
Someone squealed and references to shared histories were made that only mystified me.  Celestine offered some sort of explanation,
“I was what they used to call ‘a great beauty’,” she said, “back when a woman in our town had only that to make a career with.”
“You are, darlin’.  You are a great beauty.  You got every man in Ventura over 45 looking to get into your business.”
“Oh, I have younger than that trying to get into my business, as you call it.”
I felt my face redden.
“I don’t doubt it a minute, you old chicken hawk, you tough old bird,” said a grizzly-voiced guy with a scar on his forehead.  “Give me a kiss, woman,” and at that he grabbed Celestine and nuzzled her neck.
“Get off me you horny old coot.  I don’t kiss ranch hands, and retired ones at that.  Long standing policy.”  He released her with a laugh.
“You’d better get off of her, Larry.  That woman’s pussy is a hornet’s nest,” said a handsome younger guy,  “You’d only get stung.”  Several of us dropped our mouths, including Celestine.  She was a hard woman to read sometimes and I didn’t know which way she’d go with this one.  We looked at her.  Her eyes were wide and then she screwed them up and let out a gasp of laughter.
“I don’t know who you’ve been talking to Jimbo, and I want to assure everyone present that this man has never been anywhere near my nest and never will; so all his knowledge is second hand.  Jimbo, it’s nothing but honey and the queen bee down there – home, sweet home, honey.”  We all hooted and whistled and stomped our feet and so the evening was strung out in raucous innuendo and reflective pauses.

I like this Southern California comfort at eventide, passing joints and stony smiles with the losers and the dreamers, so celebrated in song when I was growing up, as they tip the last drops of wine, beer and tequila from the bottles. The sun was low in the sky, making everything, the palms, the wires hanging off the telephone poles, the huge satellite dish next door, look as though they were all dripping red hot in the middle of a blast furnace.  I watch the setting sun light up the mellow brown and green bottle glass as it skims the wicker table and surfs the ribs of palm fronds that are waving in the breeze.
“See that deep magenta flower?” Celestine asked me as she pointed to some tall plants.  “Now watch as the sky darkens.  Can you see the blue start to come out and intensify the color?  It looks like it’s glowing, just before the whole thing disappears into the dark.”
“Yeah, I see what you mean,” I said.  I didn’t really but I didn’t want Celestine to think I was that insensitive.  She got up to light the many candles and torches all around us and though she was dressed in blue jeans and a blouse, I saw her in a gossamer gown with Egyptian pleats and Greek folds, her naked body glowing through the material.
Seated once more, Celestine started laughing.  All by her-self, just like that.  And her laugh turned into more laughter and pretty soon she was laughing her ass off.  Everybody was staring at her and some began smiling and laughing themselves.
“What are you laughing at,” I asked.
“You,” she said.
“Why me?”
“Because…” she was hyperventilating and trying to suppress her laughter long enough to spit out a few words.  “Because you’re smiling,” and at that she burst forth again.
“No, I’m not,” I said.
“Yes, yes, you are.”
“No, I’m not, I’m laughing.”
“You’re smiling, dude,” said Jimbo.
“Yeah, man, you’re definitely smiling,” someone else shouted out.
“Are you sure?” I asked.  And then a whole chorus of affirmative exclamations came from everywhere as candles and tiki torches flickered all around me.
“You have had this stoned smile on your face for well over an hour,” she pointed out to me.
“Oh,” was all I managed to say, “that’s really funny.”
Celestine drew everyone’s attention to what amounted to a fairly significant event in my recent life.  “I want everyone to give Roy here a hand.”  Everyone began clapping, they didn’t even ask why. Celestine is commanding here at her seat, one does what is asked of one. She is old but in her full power.
I continued sitting there with what I now realized was the dumbest smile on my face and I couldn’t shake it.  I tried to stop and couldn’t and it was freaking me out.
“I can’t stop smiling,” I said, a bit of panic in my voice.
“We don’t ever want you to stop,” Celestine said, “you have an adorable smile, even if it does make your cheeks look fat.”
“No, I’m serious, I really can’t stop smiling.  I feel like I’m going to die from smiling too much.  You know, like African laughing sickness.”

Eventually, everyone quieted down and got pensive but not for too long because Celestine jumped up and said:
“Ok, Sunset Club is closing early.  Everybody needs to go home and get a good night’s sleep so you can be on for cookout tomorrow, one o’clock.  Come on all you rascals, you’re being tossed out on your asses.”  There was a bit of griping and good-humored rebellion, but everyone moved on, leaving us alone to blow out the flames.
And while the Tiki torches were still smoking in the back yard, I began rubbing lotion into her palms as we sat on the floor of the living room polishing off a last bottle of wine.
As I work more lotion onto her hands and up her arms, I find a patch of skin that dresses her shoulder blade and it is smooth and supple, a little island of the young Celestine surrounded by what actually exists now.  I lick it and rub my nose and cheeks on it and I fold myself up into all the rest of her, which is a banquet for a starving man.  Age improves cheese, wine – why not Celestine?
And that was where we tumbled down the slope of lovemaking like two kids rolling themselves over and over down the hill, getting itchier and dizzier and higher than kites by the time we reach bottom.
But as much in the heat of it as in the afterglow, I feel the need to protect her, wrap her in a cloak of some long-ago chivalry, like this is what she was accustomed to in the very earliest of the 60’s before the culture changed irrevocably when I turned two.
I’d lost sight of what had brought me here in the first place. It’s not that I’d forgotten completely about Porky.  I did think of him a few times but I forgot to continue thinking about him. Now the declining day begged the questions: What happened to Porky?  Where was Porky?



Chapter XVI: If Pigs Could Fly


It seems as good a time as any to review those few lost days after Porky’s flight from San Francisco and sanity, which I’ve been enabled to do thanks to several subsequent short-tempered interviews with Porky and various concerned others, assembled and edited, admittedly, by one of the main instruments of his torture, namely me, and therefore not entirely objective.

The Strange Round-About Where-Abouts of Emil (Porky) Flores After His Recent Debauchery But Before His Complete Abasement.
Porky took Celestine’s personal information that I gave him and literally ran with it – out the door of my house and into his own.  Pinky was out shopping and he took advantage of the opportunity to shower, grab a few articles of clothing and get his truck on the road.
When he grabbed that address from my fingers, Porky took his destiny into his own hands and from thereon altered the course of our personal histories, but as soon as he hit the freeway, once again things started happening to him and not according to his will.
He drove over the Bay Bridge around one and called me from the side of the freeway shortly after.
“I lost it!”
“Porky?  Where are you?”
“I’m in Oakland, on the freeway, I just crossed the bridge.  I can’t find Celestine’s address and phone number.  I can’t remember them.  Can you give them to me again?”  I gave him the information again but begged him,
“Porky, please come back now while you still can.”
“No, nobody is going to talk me out of this.  I’m going, bye.”
Porky’s the kind of guy who whistles theme songs to the more soulful of 70’s television programs.  He really belts them out with all his heart as though he’s singing Faro or an aria from La Bohême.  So, we can surmise that at some point soon after he got into his truck and out onto the freeway, he began whistling wide-ranging theme songs that once accompanied the travails of quirky television newsroom co-workers, various homo-erotic cop couplings and the side-splitting surgical doings of wartime medical personnel trying to get themselves laugh-tracked out of Korea.
Another given, given that Porky is one of the most prodigiously phlegmatic people I’ve ever met is that he began the endless cycle of mucous sucking and swallowing, followed by throat clearing and grunting that is his expression of self-sufficiency. I have a brass spittoon, though it’s no longer expected to function as such, that saw its first usage in sixty years when Porky started coming over to do work at the house.  He didn’t use it often, since he’s such a firm believer, as far as mucous goes anyway, in recycling, but it’s nice to know that the spittoon still works, just in case.
I would venture to say that at some climactic point on his journey, the theme-song singing and phlegm sucking and swallowing were woven together in some crescendo that transported him out of body to somewhere hovering above his truck along mile after increasing miles from San Francisco.
He sped along the freeway, through the towns of Oakland and Fremont, lamenting the lost opportunity of looking around due to all those concrete walls that have been erected along California’s once wide open freeway system. [“I hate those things,” he said to me, “you can’t see anything except the road.  It’s so boring.”]  He edged south at a good clip, neither too fast nor too slow, wanting to get there so badly but wanting to procrastinate, nervous that he was actually on the road doing this.
About an hour and a half into his journey, he noticed a sign for food and gas and exited the freeway where he found half a dozen fast food restaurants and three gas stations, all of them in cutthroat competition with each other around the world but here forced into wary, proximate accord.   He filled his gas tank and then, not caring to make up his mind about anything at that moment, he made four different stops at the drive through windows of four different fast food restaurants, and ordered an assortment of greasy flavors, on which, given his description of what he ordered, I would conservatively put an estimate of at least, for insurance purposes, ten thousand calories.
Meanwhile, as the long stretch of the Central Valley still lay ahead, the atmospheric conditions were tilting toward some serious fog.  Leaning that way, they finally tipped the balance as he descended down into the valley, erasing the existence of almost everything else.  Porky doesn’t like driving in fog.
“I hate fog, it’s like blind man’s bluff except you can’t cheat and peak under the blindfold,” he says.

Dawned on
As Porky drove down the freeway on the flat of the valley, with all visual connection to the landscape gone, he began inadvertently to speed up until two red eyes loomed towards him from out of the fog.  He punched his foot onto the brake, causing several bags of fast food to belch forward down into the leg well in front of the passenger seat.  “Oh, for cripes sake.  What a mess.”
As he crept off of the road into the breakdown lane in order to inspect and salvage the food, suddenly a girl walked into the path of his car and then jumped away from it to avoid getting hit.
“What are you doing?  What were you thinking?”  Porky yelled out the window.  “You could have gotten killed!”
“Oh, my god, I’m sorry, I didn’t notice you until the last minute.  I just want to get a ride.”
“Who the heck hitch-hikes in weather like this?” he asked her.
[At this point in our interview I interrupted and asked him to say “Who the heck hitch-hikes in weather like this” five times fast.  “Do you want to hear the story or not?” he asked me with a funny look on his face.  I said, “I said I did.”  “Well then shut up and let me tell the story.”]
“I didn’t think it would get so foggy this late in the day.  It’s been a weird day,” the girl said.
“You can say that again.  Come on, get in; I’m not a serial killer.”
“Me neither,” she said as she got in the car.  That made Porky turn to give her a second look-over.
[“Jeez, I hadn’t even thought of that,” Porky said to me later as he recounted the tale.]
“Sorry about the mess, I was just going to pick it up.  My name is Porky.”
“Oh, I’m Dawn.  Nice to meet you,” she said as she slowly gathered the fast food and bagged it all up.  “Thanks for picking me up, I was starting to get cold.”
“You’re crazy to go walking along the freeway on a day like this.  You should have turned back.”
“I had no place to turn back to.  I’m afraid I’ve burnt my bridges.”
“I just burned a bridge today, too, so I can kind of relate,” Porky said, with a mix of elation and dread.  He drove on another five miles or so before the fog began breaking up just in time to see the sunset.  “Oh, thank goodness, it’s clearing; driving in fog makes me hungry, which is my way of getting nervous.”
“Yeah,” Dawn said as she smiled.
“So where are you from?”
“Portland.”
“Did you walk all the way from Oregon?”
“No, no.  I’ve been hitching since San Juan Bautista.  I’m from Portland, Maine, not Oregon.”
“Portland, Maine?” Porky wondered, as though he couldn’t imagine such a thing.
“Yeah,” she said as she smiled.
“Oh, right,” Porky said, indicating he understood.  He then told her where he was from and they got through a good part of their respective biographies before they began delving deeper into the recent events that had caused their paths to cross.
“Well, the truth is I’ve left my wife for another woman.”
“Wow, that is so freaky; I just left my boyfriend!  It’s such a small world.”
“Yeah, I guess so.  Why did you leave your boyfriend?”
“He’s too nice.
“Yeah, so’s my wife.”
[At this point I interrupted Porky and told him he was an asshole, so we got into a fight but we eventually picked up where he’d left off, neither of us any wiser for the argument.]
“I mean, he’s a good person, just too nice.  Do you know what I mean?” Dawn asked.
“Exactly,” said Porky.
“I just don’t want to be with someone who’s always so polite; it just seems so unnatural.  Like he’s avoiding something, or covering something up, something he can’t deal with.  I have no idea what that would be, still, that’s how I feel.  I walked out on him and just kept walking.  I made up my mind to go to this seminar in Big Sur, so that’s why I’m here.”
[“I didn’t even think to ask her where she was going,” Porky said to me later.  “I mean what if I hated her and was stuck with her all the way to Camarillo?”]
“What’s the seminar?” Porky asked.
“Oh, I have a girlfriend who told me about it.  It really changed her life.  She said it was amazing.  She made me promise that I’d go, actually she was kind of a pain about it but I eventually told her I would because she had all this great stuff happen to her after she took it: she quit her job and went back to school to be a pastry chef, she met this really cute guy, she totally transformed her relationship with her family, oh, and she found a hundred dollar bill the night of her graduation ceremony from the program!  Isn’t that amazing?  I mean her dog died that week too but obviously that’s a separate issue.  It’s called Odyssey.  The seminar.  They do them all over the world.”
“Oh, I’ve heard of that.  I don’t know.  It sounds kind of cultish to me.”
“I know exactly what you mean.  I thought the same thing, but if you could see my friend and the difference it’s made in her life, you wouldn’t believe it.  It’s not that expensive, $450, but she even offered to pay the tuition for me.”
Porky was struck silent as a feeling he wasn’t familiar with crept over him.  The best I could tell from the general incoherence of his attempt to describe it, was that he was feeling the kind of melancholy one usually associates with Elizabethan poets – very dramatic, very girlie, very snuffy and frilly.  His co-traveler and co-relationship flee-er couldn’t help but notice the droopy-dog look he so self-consciously made up his face with.
“You look like your thinking heavy thoughts.  Why don’t you come with me to take the seminar.  I think it could bring some clarity to your life and what you’re going through right now.  I’ll pay the tuition for you.”
“No, no, no – you can’t do that…..”
“No, I insist, I want to do this.  Don’t worry about it, my dad owns a shopping mall.”
“Oh, really?  Well, if you think it’d be OK, I mean, maybe…”
“Absolutely – I insist!”
“No, I don’t know….I need more time to think about it.”
“Take all the time you want, no pressure.”
To his credit, Porky was having all sorts of conflicting thoughts about love, lust, loyalty and respect.  None of it was very clear to him at the time and he was thinking maybe a little more input and feedback wouldn’t be a bad thing.  It was also getting late and he was thinking it wouldn’t be a good idea to show up on Celestine’s doorstep in the dark.  He’d planned on calling her first, but the more he thought about it the less confident he was feeling.  What if she didn’t want to see him again?  What if it was just a one-night stand after all?  No, it would be better to surprise her in person, that way his natural charm could counter any resistance she might have.
It was easy to see the emergence of this strange girl from out of the fog as some kind of sign and Porky, liking the simplicity of easy things, saw it just that way.  He decided he would go to the seminar.
“Go with an open mind, no judgment, no expectations.”
“No expectations?  Why would I pay four hundred and fifty dollars for a two day seminar that I wasn’t expecting anything from?”
Dawn seemed flattered that they were now close enough that Porky felt comfortable being bitchy with her.  She considered it challenging and real, especially after her recent escape from Mr. Nice.
“I don’t know, 450 dollars is a lot of money. I couldn’t let you pay for me,” Porky whined.
“No, I want you to let me help.  I can see this four hundred dollars….”
“Four hundred and fifty,” he reminded her.
“Exactly, four hundred and fifty dollars.  I can see this money is a deal killer for you.  It’s the roadblock on the freeway to a better future for you and I want to remove it.  Let me do that.”
Porky was in the mood for surrender, especially if it saved him 450 bucks.  “Ok, if you want to I won’t stand in the way, thank you, it’s so generous of you.  Sure, go ahead, if that’s what you really want to do.”
“Thank you so much for letting me help you. I think this could be a really important weekend for both of us, maybe the most important weekend of our lives.”
Porky wanted to believe that.  He was daydreaming about his new future life with Celestine, one in which Pinky had reconciled herself to and blessed [I thought of calling him an asshole again when he mentioned this but decided it wasn’t necessary to restate the obvious.]  He lulled himself with thoughts of the approval and admiration he might win from his fellow weekend seminarians, how he would stride into the seminar with all the treasure of his life on display like some Roman triumph and the crowd would roar.  Then he would strut into Celestine’s with his brow beaming and take her then and there: big rewards for a big man.

It wasn’t till late that they drove into the modernist encampment that was hosting the “Odyssey: Journey for Life” seminar.  As they would see more clearly in the morning, it was a typical Big Sur location with that sublime “take a picture now because this could all slide into the ocean at any minute” beauty that relies on subtle threats of mass destruction to create that tension critics agree is critical for a work of art, or a tourist destination for that matter, to be considered great.

Seminarians
In the interest of full disclosure I will say now that I had in fact been to this location ten years before for the graduation ceremony of a friend who’d completed this very same seminar, which at that time was called “Odyssey: 12 to Life”, I suppose in reference to the 12 step program or maybe the number of months in the year.  Anyway, I think they realized their phrase sounded like a prison sentence, because it wasn’t called that for long.
Odyssey at that time was a leaner, meaner organization than it would evolve into.  Its members wore Hare Krishna smiles and practiced recruitment tactics lifted from the Leninist playbook.  I was braced for the worst because as a group of us were driving down to Big Sur to attend this thing, one of us started telling a harrowing story of his own ordeal with Odyssey.  He’d gone down to support a friend, just as we were doing now and during the middle of the program he’d been kidnapped and brought to a room with only one little light bulb that was shining uncomfortably close to his face while he was being circled by a half dozen recruiters that looked an awful lot like Mormons but moved like a very focused school of fish who asked him over and over, “When are you going to start living the rest of your life?”  “What’s preventing you from signing up for the full program right now?”  All the while the room seemed to be getting smaller and the recruiters seemed to be getting bigger and while he still had the strength to do it, he ran for the door and out of the building.
“Ok, so, two questions,” I said to him when he was finished with his story, “One: Why didn’t you tell us about this before we agreed to go to this thing?”  I guess I was yelling by the time I finished my first question, because he was wincing.   But I continued: “and Two: Why would you agree to ever go back after such a hellish experience?”
“I feel safe with you,” he said.  He was the only friend I had at the time who wasn’t an alcoholic and I seriously considered advising him to start drinking.
Later that night while we were filing through the building on our way to the large seminar hall, we passed a door, which our friend pointed to and said in a low voice, “That’s it.  That’s the room!”  We remained silent with bowed heads until we were seated at the meeting.  I started chewing on the inside of my cheeks.

Anyway, Dawn signed Porky in as a latecomer and paid his tuition.  I don’t think she realized that Porky was doing this mostly because by going to this thing he was saving 450 dollars but by not going, he wouldn’t be saving 450 dollars.  That’s what’s called a no-brainer in Porky’s world.
The two of them found accommodations right down the road at a motel which luckily had two rooms available, which was a huge relief to both of them because each was beginning to feel a bit wary of the other and sharing a room would have been an ordeal and possibly unsafe.  Both slept soundly though and were able to approach each other with a fresher outlook in the morning.  They had breakfast at the restaurant right next to the motel and Porky was dumbfounded to find out that Dawn could pack in as much food as he could, more even, because she actually ate his little packets of orange marmalade that he wouldn’t eat because marmalade makes the quote “muscles in my taste buds get all spastic” unquote.
So they were well fortified, early and in a good mood.  They agreed it was a shame to have to spend the day inside because the sky looked like a kindergartener’s smock that had been smeared with painterly wipes of orange, yellow and lavender.  So if they didn’t find the smiles of seminar helpers who were guiding/herding them into the inner recesses of the building to be a good consolation for the sunshine missed, they were ready to do some important work on themselves, though I know if somebody had told Porky he would be required to do work on himself, he would have turned around right then and there and walked out.
“This place is kind of a dump; I don’t get it.  It’s so beautiful outside.”
“No, they do it on purpose.  They don’t want to distract from the message and the work.”
“Work?  What do you mean, work?”
“Our attentiveness, our mindfulness; don’t get all bent out of shape.  You’re sweating the little stuff.  Like I said, you have to stay open, keep breathing, deep breaths.  My friend told me that by the end of the program, you come to realize that the bare room becomes everything and nothing, a sacred space”
“Yeah, but couldn’t it be sacred with some potted plants and a couple of lounge chairs?”
“You’ll get it,” was all Dawn said in reply.



Chapter XVII: Odyssey


As Porky and Dawn entered the large room, they argued about where to sit;
“Wait.  Where are you going?” Porky asked her as she ventured to the front of the room and into the first row of chairs.
“Let’s sit up here,” she said, “Let’s really get in the face of this.”
“I already picked out a spot for us.  Look, they’re aisle seats; we might need to go to the bathroom a lot.”
“I hold it really well.  I always sit up front.” Dawn noted Porky’s look of dejection and because she had begun to feel a certain motherly concern for him, she allowed that look to play upon her and tell him, “alright, look, why don’t we pick something in the middle here.  Grab those two seats there, you can have the aisle seat,” she said as she pointed to the chairs.
Porky looked around [“They almost looked normal,” he said of the people who were also filling the seats of the seminar room.]  He didn’t like the look of the two large microphones on stands that flanked the podium; in fact they scared him.
“What are those microphones for?”
“Oh, through-out the program people go up front to talk about themselves and give testimonials and whatever.”
“Oh,” Porky said, wishing he’d brought something to snack on.
In short order the room filled, the attendants resumed their places by the tables and chairs in back and two tallish men sauntered up to the podium.  They were fit and charismatic, dressed in dark suits without ties but there was something a bit off that Porky couldn’t quite put his finger on.  The men introduced themselves as Ted and Sören, spelled with one of those funny Scandinavian “ö’s”.
[“I kept looking at them, thinking there’s something not right about these guys and then it hit me; neither one of them had shoulders!” Porky told me.  “I don’t know if that has anything to do with the fact that they were both Airline pilots,” he added, “but it kind of makes you wonder.”]

Everything got going quickly, the two shoulder-less men gave an over-view of the Odyssey organization and its many educational programs and then they said something that caught Porky’s attention:
“So, you’re going to get nothing out of this.  You’ll get nothing for your money.  Can you believe that?   Can you believe I would stand here and tell you that for your $450 tuition you leave here with absolutely nothing?  Has anyone ever said that to you before?”
These words caused a bit of a buzz among the attendees but for Porky this was no laughing matter.  The thing he feared most in this world, or at least in the world of economic transactions, was not getting what he paid for, even if he didn’t pay for it.  The thought that he might be taken for a ride or economically abused in any way filled him with humiliation.  This was not funny.
“But now let me tell you what this program will give you – nothing!   And by nothing I mean this program will create a clearing in your life that will allow you to realize your new possibilities.  This is how you’ll start living not based on what happened in your past – because that’s gone, right? – not based in your imagined future but now in the possibilities you create for your self through the Odyssey program.”
“But here’s what I’m going to do for you, as the car salesman says.  You’ve been here for an hour now and you’ve gotten a pretty good idea of some of the work we’ll be doing together over the course of the program.  Anybody who wants to leave, anybody who thinks this program is not for them, can leave right now and we will refund them all of their money.  This will be the last chance to get a refund.”
There was a lot of anxious shifting in seats and craning of necks as everyone contemplated the carrot of getting out now while the getting was good.  Porky thought this over for a few moments.  He wondered, if he left now, would Dawn give him the refunded $450?  No, that’s stupid, he thought, she’d never do that.
“Ok, so let’s see a show of hands.  How many are thinking of taking me up on this offer?”
A few hands shot up from the audience.  One man began standing to leave and the group leader began speaking to him.
“You look pretty determined to leave.  Why don’t you tell everybody your name and why you came here tonight.”
“My name is Ned.  I guess I came here because someone told me I should, because I’ve worked in a factory for thirty years and last week they told me that if I wanted to stay, they were going to have to demote me.  I never really liked anybody, I mean people in general, but this young woman at the factory, I like her ok, I guess.  Well, she told me about Odyssey and how it could help me get more out of my job and my life and that I should go sign up.  Told her I didn’t have the money for that and she told me to take a good look around, that I didn’t have much to lose and how I’d reached the end of my rope and she was right.  So, I signed up and here I am.”
“You be here, but you be preparing to go, right?”  Ned gave the leader a puzzled look.  “You were just about to walk out, weren’t you?”  the leader asked.
“That’s right, yes, I was.”
“What if I told you that you had the power to move, touch and inspire other people?”
“I’d say, no way.”
“Well, I be telling you that now.  With the skills we teach in this program you will have breakthroughs in your work and personal relationships and you’ll open up for yourself a whole new realm of possibility in your life.  And I’m going to ask you something, are you enrollable?”
“What do you mean?”
“By that I mean are you able to be touched, moved or inspired by what you might learn here at Odyssey?”
“Well, I don’t know, I can’t say I can even think of a time I’ve been touched, moved and inspired.  At least not since I was a kid.  But, yeah, I guess I could be.”
“Well, then I be asking you right now to believe in that possibility and that you be with us here this weekend to do that work.”
“I don’t know, nobody ever asks me to stay anywhere.  Ok, alright, then I’ll stay I guess.  I will be really happy if that does happen.”
“No, not I will be, but I be happy.  You be happy now because of your new possibility.  Say it for me now, please.”
“I be happy.”
“That’s great.  You’re great.  You see, we be trying to locate you in the present.  Now you be in the moment.  Most of you be stuck in the past or be fixin’ to anticipate the future.  Past, shmast, it’s over!  We done lived that.  Instead, we be taking your past and your future out of your present.”
“You see most of you don’t know from nothing.”
At this point the leader tried to shrug and Porky noted that being without shoulders could be an impediment to communication – neither leader was able to shrug effectively.
As the central ideas of Odyssey are gathered together from the gleanings of Western and Eastern philosophy, so the language of Odyssey seemed to come straight from Ellis Island by way of Harlem.
Some hold it up as an object of ridicule, but I find Odyssey’s language endearing. I love it when people get all mouthy and ethnic; Jews with their needling and kvetching, their ample and sometimes tortured ways of finding and circumventing love; Italians with their gestures that make them look like they’re dry-heaving or pulling spaghetti off their bodies.
But best of all are black folks with their sassy Ebonics:  The street-corner guys who talk like pirates –  “Yo’, ho’, wuhchoo do dat fo’.”  Black girls, (well, Black girls on TV anyway,) are such queens, with their glorious, nine-volt battery operated necks – mesmerizing necks only a snake charmer could tame.
It’s hard for white Americans to maintain a grip on African-American Vernacular English – though grasp at it they do, in mockery and envy – because they feel the sting of its ineluctable evasiveness and defiance.
In America, if you want to talk about freedom, if you want to be truly free with your tongue, you have to talk Black talk, the parlance of liberation.

As they navigated the twists and turns of Odyssey talk, everyone in the group was paired up with a partner, whom they then went through a series of exercises with.  Porky had been temporarily conjoined with a woman who’d been abused in her youth and as part of her healing process, she had mentally put all the men in her life on rafts filled with flowers and sent them adrift into a slow-flowing river that eventually terminated in a treacherous waterfall not that much smaller than Niagara.  She was heavily perfumed, as though she still stank of all those flowers, and as Porky listened to her story, he realized he didn’t really like listening to people all that much and he began mentally to make a raft, on which he placed many flowers, onto which he helped his partner.  He pushed the raft gently with a long pole and waved goodbye as she journeyed out onto this very same river and he continued waving goodbye, which he decided he liked to do a lot better than listening.
One of the shoulder-less leaders gathered everyone together as a group and told one last tale of wisdom before lunch:
“So, there’s this monkey, see, and he’s walking around the jungle when he comes upon a plastic box with a banana in it.  So what does the monkey do?  He doesn’t know this is a trap set up by a hunter to catch monkeys.  So the monkey, see, he puts his hand through the hole to grab the banana, but he can’t get it through the hole.  Well, the monkey’s stuck because he can’t let go of the banana and the hunter grabs him. I’m telling this story because I want you to see that each and every one of you is the monkey and the banana is your past.  You can’t let go of your past, you take it everywhere and so get stuck in situations that are detrimental to your well-being.”
Porky wasn’t buying this – (“I mean why couldn’t the monkey bend the banana and squish it through the hole and get away and get the banana?  Sure it’d be a mess, but he could have had it all.”) – but it was a good segue into the lunch break.

Greek Gifts
The Helios Greek Diner was located on a dirt and gravel turn-out with the Helios Greek Butcher’s Shop next door.  What makes a Greek butcher different from, say, a Polish butcher, besides the fact that the walls are plastered with yellowed photos of the Parthenon rather than the pope, I can’t say.
Porky, striking out on his own, found the diner by some sixth sense that alerts him to the edibility of his surroundings.  He just knew it was there; it had to be there, it just had to be, because he needed to be alone with his food and the seminar attendees had already begun to bond in tight little intimate groups that were focused on sharing and if there’s one activity that Porky didn’t want to partake of during the lunch break, it was sharing.
There was an oppressive air hanging over the diner, which seemed to sit in its own little micro-climate on the edge of the forest behind.  The sun penetrated the trees with surgical cuts and the wind caused a lowing in the branches.  Porky parked the truck and noticed there were only two old cars in the lot.  He opened a swing door with wire mesh, above which he saw holes assembled in Braille-like formation where a neon sign had been.  He pushed against the dirty hollow-core interior door, which contrasted with the bright chrome finish of the diner’s other surfaces.  On the other side of the door he was astonished to find before him heaps of prepared food that filled the counter from one end to the other and not a person in sight!
“Hello?” he asked somewhat meekly, in a hushed tone, as though he were in church but hadn’t been in a long time.
“Hello?” he said once again, this time with more hope.
“Hello?!”  There was no one in the diner.  Perfect!  Porky began looking around, walking up and down the aisle between counter and booths.  The seats in the booths were ox-blood red with patches of dull gray duct tape over the slashes underneath.  On each table sat the old-fashioned mini-juke boxes with tabs that allowed you to file through the list of pop tunes dated no later than 1983.  Porky fished out a quarter and chose a couple of songs, neither of which played.  Instead an old ballad kicked up, one that both Porky and I remember from childhood, “You are my sunshine, my only sunshine, you make me happy when skies are gray……”.
Porky looked around a bit more, the calendar on the wall next to the kitchen pass-through was current and that day was notated with PHOTO SHOOT in red ink.  He poked his head through one of the doors with a porthole; the kitchen; the other led to the bathrooms.
“I be hungry,” he said out loud to himself and then chortled.  “I be fixin’ to fix me a sandwich.  The possibility I be creating for myself  gone be thinly sliced an’ sittin’ on a onion roll.”  Porky always finds himself to be highly entertaining.
He tried to be careful about which portions of the displayed food he chose to eat; trying to dissemble his lunch by discreet excavations that might go undetected.  It was a structural problem that would be familiar to any homeowner undergoing a renovation project.  What can you remove without having the whole thing fall apart?
Porky started with dessert – all manner of honeyed, nutted and flakey-pastried  concoctions which made him quickly realize he wasn’t going to make it through dessert without coffee.  He went back behind the counter, said “Hello” one more time and then put on a pot of coffee.  He looked at the cash register, thought briefly about what a life on the lamb would be like if he should grab it and run.  He looked around at the order pads on the worn shelving underneath the counter where several moist towels were stained with drink and constellated with coffee grounds and congratulated himself on his good dumb luck.
More than luck.  He was now living a charmed life where one slept with the woman of one’s youthful dreams, met mysterious benefactresses on the freeway – and when hunger struck? –  Why, one just walked into de-peopled delis with piled-high food offered up for plunder.  He had, he thought, finally freed himself from the daily monotony of a life with comfortably few variations.
The forest, the food; he now lived in a world where magic under-girds everything,  a world where an overweight middle-aged Filipino man could play goldilocks for a while. With his appetite, he planned on saving a lot of money by eating here at the diner.  After washing down some more baklava, he began at last to eat seriously.

Belly-ache
The allotted time for lunch break was long since over when Porky entered the meeting hall.  He could sense that he was about to be humiliated; he could see it on the faces of his fellow seminarians, in their smiles and mischievous eyes, like they were in on a joke that was about to be played out at his expense.  He looked around furtively for Dawn, his protector, but he couldn’t find her in the crowd.  Before he was able to find a vacant chair, one of the leaders began speaking to him.
“Ok, we’ve been through this before with the other folks but we leave no one behind.  What’s your name,” he called out to Porky.
“Porky,” Porky said as some giggles could be heard around the room.  “Porky Flores.”
“Ok, Porky, you be late.  You be having a breakdown.”
Porky thought about this for a moment; it seemed like a good excuse – he had a small nervous breakdown during lunch, that’s why he’s late, but now he’s better.  But he decided he didn’t like using mental illness as an excuse; he didn’t like the social stigma.  He decided to be honest:
“No, I’m a little nervous maybe but I’m not having a breakdown.”
“No, you’re having a breakdown in integrity.  You made an agreement; your covenant with the group was to be on time, to be in your seat by 12:30.  I’m not putting you on the hot seat just to make you feel uncomfortable; this goes to the core of Odyssey education.”
“I had to go find a place to eat where they have the kind of food I need.  I have dietary restrictions.”
[I let out a “Hah!” when Porky told me this.  “Dietary restrictions?  You?  What a fricking joke.”  Porky laughed, then chortled, “I know, can you imagine me saying that?  The effrontery.  I’ve got balls.”  “Rumor has it your balls are on a short tether these days,” I said.  Porky stopped laughing.  “Why do you have to go and spoil everything?  You’re like my personal dark cloud, with a rusty lining.”]
“What are your restrictions?  Are they monitored by a doctor?” the leader asked Porky.
“Well, no, not exactly.  I eat mostly Greek food, you know, because of the olive oil and stuff.”  There was more laughter from the crowd.  Porky started feeling strange; he felt a tightening in the gut.
“Well, I be respectfully suggesting to you that this is in the realm of the story, which we’ll be talking about in the next segment of the program.  You see,” the leader was speaking out to the crowd, “we’re all running rackets with stories from our past.  We’ve perfected all these ways to avoid being and relating powerfully in the moment.”
Porky began to moan and bend at the knees.
“Now Porky, we’re really not dumping on you so there’s no reason to get upset or feel bad.  DON’T FEEL BAD!  Instead, live powerfully in the moment.  Make the choice to touch, move and inspire.”
At this, Porky began to vomit and shake violently.  He then fell to the floor into the puddle of Greek food that lay at his feet.  Pandemonium let loose in the room; there was shouting.  Porky thought he saw Dawn approaching at the bottom of an inverted bubble that made everything look hazy before he blacked out.



Chapter XVIII: Death Defiance


 “Mr. Flores,” the nurse said as she gently touched his arm.  “Mr. Flores, there’s someone here to see you.  Porky didn’t move or open his eyes before he mumbled,
“Mm’m nawe hung-ree.  Sv’it fo’mee inth fridge an’ll’eat it latrr.”
“Mr. Flores, there’s someone here to see you.  A policeman.  It’s time to wake up, now.”  The nurse reached for a pillow and started squeezing it behind Porky’s head and shoulders.
“Oh, Cripes,” Porky said, as he cocked one eye open.  “I feel terrible; can you come back later?”
“Well, Mr. Flores….”
“Please?”
“Mr. Flores, we have some developments, some new information that I think you’ll want to hear.”
“Ok,” Porky said, as he opened both eyes.  “I don’t remember a thing, I swear.”
“Well, first off, our forensic specialist deduced from an examination of your vomit that you had eaten Greek.  The only Greek restaurant within at least a hundred miles is the Helios, so I went over there and talked to Yani, the son.  He told me they came back from a wedding to find that someone had eaten their way through the display of food they left at the diner.  You know, Yani has been trying to expand their business into new areas and he’s really pushing the catering.  I had him do my tenth wedding anniversary; his mother’s spanakopita is phenomenal.”
“I used to love that stuff,” said Porky
“Tell me about it.  Oh, and he does this lemonato thing; it’s pork cutlets smothered in mushrooms – wow! – and the dessert! – I could eat a tray of their baklava at one sitting, no sweat.”  Porky moaned at the mention of baklava,
“Oh, can we not talk about Greek food right now, it’s making me queasy.”
“Oh, yeah, right, of course, sorry about that, buddy.  Anyway, the thing is, that food wasn’t made to be eaten.  You see they were having a photographer take pictures for promotional material for the catering business.  The photographer sprayed the food with a fixative that makes it last longer and photograph better, so you ate food with a highly toxic layer of this stuff on it.  You’re lucky it didn’t kill you.
“Anyway they’ve agreed not to press charges if you’ll sign a document stating you relinquish any right to pursue compensation through the legal system.
“I’m lying in a hospital bed and they’ve agreed not to press charges?” Porky said about as angrily as he would allow himself to get with a police officer looming over his hospital bed.
“Well, we could pull you in for breaking and entering.”
“I didn’t break anything, the door was unlocked.  And I said hello three times; I think they call that due diligence.”
“You’re welcome to lawyer up if you want but I wouldn’t if I were you.  I think the Papadopoulos’ have mob connections back in the old country.”
“I don’t want any trouble, I just want to get out of here.  I’ll sign whatever they want me to.  But you tell them that this experience may just turn me off of Greek food for good.  They’ll have to live with that and as Greek caterers, that should keep them up at night.”
“We’ve got your truck in our lot behind the police station, by the way,” the policeman said.
“Do I get charged for that?”
“Nope.  It’s all good to go when you check out.  Here are your keys,” the officer said as he placed the keys on a table next to the bed.  Oh, and I have a message from Dawn – she said you two were friends?”
“Were friends?”
“Well, she had to leave after the seminar.  She said she finally got clear about what she needed to do. She wanted me to tell you something about ‘you know from nothing, because that’s everything and you be living powerfully in the moment, every moment of your life’.  Does that make any sense to you? ”
“Sort of.  Did she go back to her boyfriend?”
“I don’t know really, she was with a guy she met at the seminar, so I doubt it.”

Flat bed hiccup
Porky had never had his stomach pumped, excepting of course the daily pumping action of his gastro-intestinal tract.  His insides ached and felt raw; his stomach – the inner sanctum, the holy of holies – had been violated.  His body had taken a beating and for a time the hospital staff had worried about his heart.  He had aged several months in the space of two days and he was both chastened and more determined to do what had to be done.
That afternoon, seated in his truck, once again moving southward on the freeway, Porky felt he had been set back on his rightful throne.  He vowed never again to veer from his chosen way, but, as he’d already shown, keeping vows was not Porky’s strong suit.

Turning a blind eye
It was much farther south, in King County, that the truck began to sputter, finally stopping after making some mechanical clanking noises in a lost language that new automobiles don’t know.  King County, unlike most of the rest of California, doesn’t beckon one.  Dreams are not launched here; it is in fact a refutation of California and all it stands for.  There is a grayness, a blight upon the land that depresses the tourist, as though they’d stumbled into the bleak back room employee lounge at a really fun amusement park.  ‘Abandon hope all ye who enter’.
The garage at first appeared deserted.  A light was on in the office and another in the garage itself, but they appeared to be the weak night-lights businesses leave on to discourage break-ins.  The sign over the garage doors said ‘Polyphemus Automotive’ and a tow-truck had written on its doors, ‘Polyphemus Towing’.  Porky had learned from his abandoned deli experience not to try opening any doors and also that saying ‘hello’ three times doesn’t count as due diligence in the eyes of the law.  So as he walked around the building he called out repeatedly, as a parrot might, ‘hello, hello, hello, hello’.  He noticed that in back of the garage was a proper house, a little bungalow that was in sad shape and, considering it’s location in one of California’s least attractive landscapes, probably had never seen better days.
Porky hesitated; he stopped saying hello.  The house didn’t exactly radiate love, or even a common decency, which would have necessitated repair of the dangerously collapsed front stairs and although he heard a television, indicating some presence, it didn’t seem to be a human one.  Porky was expecting a dog to start barking and snarling, possibly even lunging for him out of the dark.  After creeping around in the shadows with no other sound but the television, he began wanting this to happen because the existence of a pet would have at least suggested a homeowner who, if not possessed of the higher emotions like affection, at least felt some need to protect and be protected. Porky continued cautiously getting closer to the house and nothing much happened.
“Who are you?” a loud gravel-agitating voice demanded.  Porky jumped out of his skin.  The man had two nose rings and only one eye.
“Nobody!  My truck broke down.”
“Nobody, huh?  What kind of truck you got?”
“A 1964 Ford. It just needs a distributor cap.”
“Hhhmm,” he grumbled, “I like those. Yeah, I’ve got parts for that. Where is it?”
Porky told him approximately where he had left it on the freeway; if it had been daylight he could have pointed it out to him on the far ridge before the freeway dipped down towards the service station.
“You wait here.  I’ll go get it.”
The brutish man was back with his truck within twenty minutes. He nearly ran over some animal that Porky couldn’t identify.
“Oh, my god, did you see that thing you almost ran over? It was like a cross between a wolf and a possum.
“Are you makin’ fun of me ‘cause I’m legally blind?”
“You’re blind?  And you just drove my car?”
“I’m legally blind,” the ogre said in a low, threatening tone.
“So why does only one eye have a patch if you can’t see out of either one of them?  I don’t get it.”
“I’m legally blind,” he roared, “legally blind.  Doesn’t mean I can’t see!”
“All it is is the distributor cap,” Porky whined, “Just give me the part and I can fix it.”
“Don’t tell me what it is.  I’m the mechanic; I’ll tell you what it is.  Now you just sit down.  I’m going to finish my dinner and my program.   Then I’ll tell you what’s wrong with your truck.  And then maybe I’ll fix it.”
Porky didn’t know what to say.  What do you say to somebody that makes Hitler look like a human being?  He stood outside fretting; no good could come of this.  He decided that this guy wanted his truck and would probably do anything to keep it.  He had to get into that garage and find that part – fast.
Porky crept over to the office door on the side of the garage – locked.  Then he walked over to the front and began feeling his way around the roll-up door.  It was rusty and battered and, Porky imagined, a real noise-maker.  He laid down on the ground, up against the door and pried it open with his fingers very slowly, so determinedly that even his beads of sweat were rolling slowly,
Porky’s operating speed defied time; defied the ability of sound to get up and go somewhere else.  There were squeaky, rusty, squealing noises that seemed to die as soon as they hit the air.  The door was unlocked and Porky managed to get his body inserted between it and the concrete floor.  He floundered briefly as the full weight of the door came to rest on his body – it was heavy.  He panicked and began flapping and flailing his arms about.  The one inside the garage found a milk crate and he managed to push it under the door just above his head.  He then slid all the way into the garage, froze for another minute of panic and then got up to look around.  There were shelves in back full of car parts and it took surprisingly little time to find just the part he needed.
As he rolled out of the garage, he remembered a trick he had seen in that movie with the singing nuns and the baron and all those kids who couldn’t keep their Von Trapps shut.  So first off he went over to the mechanic’s truck and pulled the plugs.  He then began working as quietly as he could, dipping his hand into his tool box as delicately as one of those nuns extracting sacramental wafers from a biscuit tin.
Unfortunately, by this time the monster’s dinner and show was over and Porky was apparently making enough noise to arouse suspicion.
“What’s going on?” Porky could hear him grumble to himself.  “Who’s there?”  Could he have forgotten about Porky?  “Who’s there,” he asked again more loudly.
By this time Porky was nearly done with the repair and he began quietly pushing his truck off the lot.
“Who’s there, goddammit,” the mechanic yelled.
“Nobody,” Porky said, “Nobody.”
“Oh, why didn’t you say so the first time, for Christ’s sake,” he said to Porky and then half to himself, “Nobody.  Nobody? – Wait a minute.”  Then he began yelling again, “Nobody!  I know you; you’re no good.  I’m gonna get you!”  He then began climbing into his tow truck but the engine wouldn’t start.  By this time Porky had started up his truck and was driving it away with his foot all the way to the floor, improvising a prayer that someone or something must have heard because he got clean away.

Trouble comes in twos
They say that small children are remarkably resilient.  And so it was proved when Porky’s stomach, which he refers to as ‘Junior’, came roaring back to life with a prodigal hunger.  By the time he drove into the parking lot of the restaurant just outside of San Luis Obispo – “Siren’s Last Call” – Porky would have eaten anything, Greek food, even, though it be cursed by the gods of Olympus.
The place was sparsely attended, it appeared to be some kind of a supper club with a small stage and theatre lights. Enough of an audience had been scraped together so as not to be embarrassing to the performers, of which there were only two, the proprietors of the establishment.  They were fading, identical blonds, Hanna and Svea, with thick Scandinavian accents and they wove in and out of each others’ paths in perpetual motion as if they were flying insects guided by some internal homing device. As Porky walked in they were singing Weimar era cabaret songs in the original German, the kind of songs that seemed to presage, with their smutty sadness, the disasters to come. Porky had never heard anybody singing in German before and thought it was weird that anybody would even want to sing in German as he was not overly fond of languages he couldn’t understand, which means anything other than English and Spanish. He considers German to be a language best shouted by nasty people in uniforms and not normal people who were just out to have a good time.
There was nothing normal about the performers who were now drawing a chair away from a table and motioning for him to sit down. Before he could do that one of the sisters brought her leg up athletically to rest her high-heeled foot on the chair; she then smoothly worked the garter from her thigh down her leg and off onto Porky’s wrist, singing all the while and suggestively tonguing her lips and winking her eyes. Porky hadn’t seen the likes of this since he’d been to that old top-less bar in North Beach – The Booby Trap – for his bachelor’s party.
With the song over, it quickly became apparent that they also took food orders. In fact they were the only staff in the entire establishment. Porky was not encouraged by the German singing to expect anything other than sloppy prisoner-of-war food and so was pleasantly surprised to find the menu in English and featuring mostly Italian food, which was a further relief, Italy being geographically far enough from Greece that he felt safe, gastronomically speaking.
After they dropped his menu off, Porky noticed that they seemed to be easing the other diners up from their tables and out the door.
“Oh, are you closing? Does that mean I can’t eat?”
One of the ladies came over to reassure him with a wide smile and bedroom eyes:
“No, you charming man. The show is over and these people have finished their meals. We want to concentrate on you. You are alone; your need is greater.”
“What can I get you, handsome? one said.
“Doll face,” the other immediately followed up with, a mere comma pause in a distinct monologue seamlessly delivered by two smoky voices.
Porky ordered a little bit of everything.
“Oh, we have a man with an appetite.  I love men with appetites.”  Svea pronounced the word ‘appetite’ as if it were a foreign word for something very dirty.
Porky was deeply perplexed.  Was he now irresistible to women?  He loved himself, but he couldn’t help asking, ‘why me?’  What had brought this about?  He’d had no change of deodorant or aftershave, no improvements to his physique, no great leaps in his net worth.  He had to acknowledge the Diego Rivera factor, namely the ability of obese, physically repellant South American artists to charm the panties off of beautiful women.  Yet he was a plumber born in America without creative flights of fancy.   Besides, he was pudgy, not really fat and until recently he’d been quite chaste. And though nobody would ever mistake him for Brad Pitt, he was a total babe hunk compared to Quasimodo and you couldn’t say the same for Diego Rivera.
They, Hanna und Svea, fluttered around him in such a whirl that he became quite dizzy attempting to distinguish the movements and utterances of each; it was an impossible task and he was left with the impression of a supra-being incarnated in two separate halves.
As they served him what turned out to be an excellent meal, they joined him at the table and took such delight in his enjoyment of each of the many dishes they brought him that Porky hoped he might be getting a free meal out of this – he was entertaining them.
“Nothing warms a woman’s heart more than a man having his fill of the food she has so lovingly prepared for him. You do like it, yes?”
“Oh, my god, this is one of the best meals I’ve ever had in my life. I feel like I need another set of taste buds just to be able to appreciate all the flavor. This is amazing!”
“Oh, good, we’re so glad it pleases you. You must eat as much as you can.”
“I’m a little concerned about the cost, though…..”
“You silly, wonderful man. This is our gift to you,” said Hanna, “money would only pervert what for us is a very pure ritual. You have swept joy into our lives by your presence; this meal is your reward. Food is such a great comfort when one is alone, wandering the highway of life with no place to rest, no peace to be had.”

“Now you are ready for the dessert,” Svea said as she cleared the dishes Porky had wiped clean.
“Oh, cripes, I’m stuffed,” Porky said. “I’m not sure I can do dessert right now.”
“No, you must. It is a tiramisu so light and delicious that it will be like eating the clouds of heaven. I’ll get some for you now,” she said as she backed away from the table, following Hanna to the kitchen.
After about five minutes, during which Porky began to wonder about this odd set-up, Svea and Hanna both returned to the table with the tiramisu and one look at it and smell of it was enough to send Porky’s sweet tooth quivering in ecstasy. All those wonderful textures, the bitter, the sweet, the light, the heavy, the chocolate, the coffee, the alcohol, the almond – who needed a tooth fairy with desserts like this?
“There’s no way I’m not trying some of that. Ladies, you’ve outdone yourselves.”
As Porky was about to dip into his little cloud of heaven a loud crashing of glass and splintering of wood could be heard and a small crowd of people were approaching them from the front door and the kitchen. Two of them Porky recognized as diners that had been there when he’d first arrived; they shouted:
“Put down that tiramisu!”
Porky was wide-eyed and frozen in a pose that left a spoon with his first bite of the tiramisu hovering in the air. “Now what?” he whined.
“That pastry is filled with poison. For your own protection, put it down now.”
“Oh, my god, wha…..cripes! He threw it down to the other side of the table where Hanna and Svea were also frozen in a pose with their hands up in the air because three uniformed police officers had their guns trained on them. “What’s going on?”
“All I can say is you were two notes away from hearing the fat lady sing.  We’ve been watching these two for months now.  This supper club is at the center of what the Los Angeles Times calls the ‘Toupee Triangle’, or the ‘Viagra Vale of Tears’ according to Time magazine, take your pick.  There have been fifteen older guys, maybe scores more, who’ve gone missing in the last eleven years within a 40-mile radius of this club.  It took a long time before we finally started connecting the dots.  Smooth as velvet, these two.  The Saab Sisters, we call ‘em.”
“You mean those two killed all those men?”
“Not just killed, but fattened up for the slaughter.  They force fed them, then poisoned them.”
“We did it for the men, to prepare them for their journey,” pleaded Svea.  They were so hungry, so in need.”
“We loved each and every one of those men, like nobody else did,” said Hanna.  “We all have to die.”
“Ouch!” was all Porky could say.

Gods with anger issues
t was after a lengthy interview with the police, while on the road again that Porky suddenly saw the hand of a higher power in the strange happenings of his road trip. He’d come that close to death three times, obvious punishment for his transgression. Whether it was Zeus or Jehovah that was doing the punishing didn’t seem to matter – darkness had been cast over all that had been light before. And yet, he’d been spared. What was he in search of now?



Chapter XIX: The Chase Scene


Word War III
Finally, I was to discover what had happened to Porky. I was out front of Celestine’s house trying to talk myself out of making another run for some more elicit nectar when I saw a familiar truck pull up in front of the house. His eyes were bugging out of his head looking at me. He spoke first:
“What are you doing here?”
“I’m here looking for you,” I said.
“Oh, yeah, right.  I know you want her.  You came down here to beat me to the punch, didn’t you?”
“Don’t you start getting pissy with me after all the trouble you’ve caused.  Where the hell have you been?  So you broke your promise.  That was fast.  You fucker.”
“Don’t call me a fucker.  What are you talking about?”
“Oh, for Christ’s sake – you told your daughter I gave you the address.  Asshole.”
“You’re a jerk.”
“NO, asshole.  You’re the jerk.  You’re the one abandoning his wife.  You’re the one breaking your marriage vows, you know, like honor and obey in sickness and in health.  You’re the one blabbing.  You treat people like the doormat at a whore house.”
“I’m good to people and I don’t love Pinky any less.  There’s just more of me now.  I have enough love for two women.  I always wanted to be a big man and don’t tell me I’m already a big man to Pinky – Cripes – I mean I always wanted to live larger.  If you knew what I’ve been through these last few days you’d…..”  I interrupted Porky with my disgust.
“Oh, please, that’s too pathetic.  What you’ve been through?!  What about what you’ve put everybody else through?!  Look, you had a night of bliss with the woman.  How come you can’t just savor that and let things be.  You’re lucky.”
“Lucky?!  Oh, give me a break.  Now I know what it’s like to be you.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“You know, to be a loser at love.  To be miserable.”
“Look, Porky…..” he didn’t miss the anger in my voice.
“I’m empathizing!”
“Yeah, well, that’s why I slept with Celestine last night, to empathize with you.”
“You slept with her!?  I’m telling Maria.”
“No shit!  Of course you’re going to tell Maria, you loose-lipped asshole, you tattle-tale piece of crap. You’re a cream puff with a bastard file baked into the filling and just for your information, your daughter told me to go fuck off.  And you know what else?  She told me to tell you to go fuck off.  Fuck off, Porky.”
With that the war of words was over and Porky’s fist went for my face; I ducked and got hit in the shoulder.  I went at him with both arms and pushed him square on the chest; he stumbled back and then lost his balance, landing on his ass.  I then wrestled him to the ground and straddled him, trying to prevent his arms from moving.  His face had broken out in a mean sweat – God!  We’d hardly even begun to fight, the wimp – and was turned in the direction his right arm was reaching towards.  He was trying to grab a stick just out of reach; he wiggled a bit and grabbed it, instantly regretting his move, because what had looked like a stick was actually a piece of fresh dog shit.  I jumped off him as soon as I saw the gooky mess on his hands, eech, the smell was disgusting.
“There you go you piece of shit,” I said. “Takes one to know one, Porky.”
Porky just laid there on the lawn wheezing and breathing hard.  He was really red in the face and sweating something terrible.  He started gasping.
“Get my nitro.  In the car.  Glove compartment.  Quick.”
“Oh, my god, Porky?  Oh, my God, are you dying?”
“Just get me the nitro,” he said not very nicely through his clenched teeth.  Then in a more pleasant tone – probably because he realized dying people aren’t in any position to get testy with their potential saviors – but still through clenched teeth, “Please.”
I ran for his truck and reached in to get the nitro quickly but with enough time to notice what a pigsty it was.  Gross, I thought. I rushed back to him and put two of the pills under his tongue. He tried to get up but I told him to stay where he is and I went to get some cold towels and something to clean and disinfect his shit-covered hand. I called for Celestine, who got the necessary supplies and followed me out to her front lawn.
“Porky – oh my lord – how do you feel?”
“Ok.”
“We need to get you to the hospital,” she added.
“NO!! No more hospitals, no more police. No more hospitals, no more police. No more hospitals, no more police,” he kept repeating ad nauseam, delirious and agitated, which alarmed us.
“Ok! Ok! Porky, relax. We won’t take you to the hospital. Do you feel well enough to get up and go inside? Out of the sun?”
“Yes.”
We helped him to his feet and walked him into the living room where we placed him on the couch. Celestine cranked up the air-conditioning and we loosened his clothing. Once he had caught his breath, he started to speak.
“Celestine, I came down here to…”
But Celestine cut him short and said:
“Porky.  You are a lovely man.  We had a wonderful night together and you satisfied me completely.  I want you to know that and know that I mean it.  You are a man who satisfied me completely as a woman – your humor, your enthusiasm, your tenderness.  If we had ten years together, I don’t think we could add anything else to what was left unsaid in that one night.
“But I just want to…” Porky said but Celestine again cut him off.
“No, listen to me. You have a wife who is suffering because of your crise de Coeur.  You..” (Here Porky made more noises of protest). “No, let me finish.  Your wife is a beautiful soul.  I saw her for less than a minute but I know that about her.  You are the only one who can alleviate her grief and you will return to her.  If you respect me, you won’t say another word about this.”
“It’s ok, for cripes sakes! What I’ve been trying to tell you is that I decided to go back to Pinky. But I just wanted you to know that you’re a lovely woman and that you expanded my heart.”
“What a kind and generous way of putting it, Porky. Thank you so much,” she said as her eyes moistened.
Peace descended on us and Porky was soon sound asleep in a guest bedroom. I continued helping Celestine prepare for the crowd coming over to barbecue that afternoon.
Saying that we were all at peace is not entirely true; I had not had a drink since the night before and was fighting off the hang-over and the craving. The tasks at hand and an unhealthy number of cigarettes helped keep my focus away from booze.
I still had my hangover when the guests, the same basic crowd as last night but with more women and children, began arriving and I guess it was obvious because a few people took the time to advise me on a means of retrieving the use of my brain, which had become as shuttered as a factory in the rust belt.
“Drink three cups of strong coffee and then do fifty squat-thrusts,” someone said, which seemed a sure fire way of inducing heart attack.
“Rebirth is the only thing that would perk me up right now,” I responded, “and with my luck I’d probably come back as an endangered species.”
The following was sort of typical of all the brain-dead conversations I had with people at the barbecue:
“Don’t eat that,” someone said, “a fly just landed on your plate.”
“Where?” I asked
“Right there.  On your chili.”
“I don’t see it.”
“Next to that bean, where that mayonnaise is.”
“Oh, yeah.  It’s just sitting there.”  I flicked my fingers at the fly but it didn’t move.  “It’s not even afraid I’m going to kill it,” I said, as the fly rubbed its legs together.
“Not only that, but I think it’s gloating.” He clenched his fist and brought it down hard in a fake-out just short of the fly, which didn’t budge.
“That’s creepy,” I said. That fly should have moved.”
“I know; it’s fearless.  Kill it before it starts breeding some master race of flies.  Oh, look, it’s moved over to your meat”
“I thought it was just stupid, but maybe you’re right.  It actually knows that I’m not going to squash it while it’s humping my barbecue.”
“Give me that, please,” Celestine, who’d be standing behind me, said, as she grabbed my plate and forced it upside-down into a trashcan.  “Let’s get you a whole new one, all nice and pretty.”
It was at that moment I saw HER again, that crazy B & B guest who I’d had crazy sex with. She waltzed – skipping, swirling, twirling – into the backyard and it hit me for the first time – Charlene (or Suzanne as she was still known to me at the time) was Celestine’s crazy daughter! It all made sense now, Celestine’s mood swings and the bizarre notes in her wastebasket. I felt sickened by what seemed like an act of incest, having slept with mother and daughter; now I knew how those agonists felt in those tragic Greek plays. And the calm day that I had been navigating with such difficulty, soon took a leap – skipping, swirling, twirling – into chaos, which had the effect on my heart and my sobriety of three cups of coffee and fifty squat-thrusts.
Charlene was blowing kisses and flirting with the wind and the men but as soon as she heard her mother call out her name, she dashed into the house. Celestine ran into the house to find her but was back a few minutes later asking people if they’d seen her. Then she heard her name being called through the house from the front yard.
“Celestine, get out here. Charlene’s home and she just drove away in your car – butt naked!” a late arrival to the barbecue said.
“Oh, god help us,” I heard her say as she ran through the house, followed by most of the men at the barbecue. We were all assembled on the front lawn when who should drive by but Charlene. She made a few cowboy “yippee-yi-ee’s” as she continued down the street. “Yep, she’s naked alright,” someone said.
The men began climbing into their cars.
“I don’t think this is a good idea,” Celestine said in a loud voice, trying to calm the sudden activity Charlene had whipped up.  But the half-baked men would not be stayed.  This was a call to adventure, literally in their own backyard, a call to a higher purpose – just such things men were made for and the lines from a hundred cowboy flicks filled the air – “This is men’s work,” “We’ll take care of this for you,”  “We’ll head her off at the Conejo Grade,” etc. as they fondled their leathery necks in preparation for the chase.
Porky and I remained with Celestine in the front yard. She looked tired and as though she would have liked to inhabit any other world but our own.
“We should probably follow them, Celestine, if only to make sure nobody does anything stupid,” I said.
“Too late for that,” she said. “Ok, let’s see if we can find them. Let’s stayed focused on the goal here – getting my daughter back into her dress and onto her medication. Anything else is a distraction. I’ll tell everybody here to man the phones and let me know if they come back to the house.”
“Why don’t you take my car and I’ll take Porky’s truck,” I told her.
“Ok, I’ll call Jimbo to see where they’re at. Give me your cell number and let’s keep in close contact on the road – I have a feeling we’re in for a ride.”
Porky and I took off and after only a few minutes we got a call from Celestine telling us Charlene had been spotted driving toward the freeway on-ramp. We turned around and ran smack into a funeral procession. I had to stop short and we were both thrust forward toward the dash.
“Jeeez, watch it.  You’re driving too fast.  Do you know how many times I’ve almost died in the last week?  Four times.  No, five times if you count the semi that almost bitch-slapped me into the breakdown lane yesterday.”
“They say you have to die in order to live,” I said, as I watched the funeral mourners whiz by.
“I think that’s for kitty-cats, not human beings.”
“Or musicians, artists and actors, you know, to be immortalized and bump up the sales and residuals.”
“I feel sick; like my soul is sick.  I thought I had everything figured out.  Now I’m all churned up inside.  Everything’s a mess.”  Porky stared vacantly out the window and said, “I wish I could find one thing that made sense to me right now; just something to grab a hold of.”
“Could you get the plastic container in that bag?” I asked him, pointing with my nose to the bag at his feet.   Can you take some out for me?  This car chase is pumping up my metabolism.  I’m hungry again,” I said and then followed with, “I’m drinking again,” but Porky didn’t hear my non-sequitur.
“Is this Danish?” he asked.  And then as he examined it more closely, he asked incredulously, “Is this homemade?”
“Yeah, Celestine’s grandmother’s recipe.   They’re mid-western Scandinavians.”
Porky inhaled deeply of the Danish then took a bite.
“Oh, my God,” he said.  He closed his eyes with the bite of pastry resting in his stalled mouth.  Then he began chewing very slowly, his eyes closed all the while.

While Porky was in a carbohydrate trance, I continued watching the interminable funeral procession and as I edged up a bit closer to the intersection the cars kept streaming by, honking their horns because I had moved two inches towards them. One guy waved both middle fingers at us – this was without a doubt the rudest funeral procession I’d ever seen. The bleat of their horns sounded like the first volley in a war to end civilization.  Why are funeral processions so sanctimonious and aggressive? They whip over surface roads with all the privileged heedlessness of Politburo members trying to get to the Kremlin before the Show Trial starts.  Hey, funeral parties, lower the volume.  I’ve got news for you, the guy’s dead, get over yourselves and start obeying the traffic regulations.
I finally got past all those motorized buzzards following the dead guy and managed to catch up to our posse, which was monitoring Charlene on the freeway. We kept in close phone contact as we discussed various strategies.
Now, the whole car chase I’m about to relate may sound outlandish.  It’s exactly the sort of scenario that if I saw it play out in a movie, I’d shoot it through with a million holes – “The California Highway Patrol would never let her get that far down the coast without taking her out in a bloody hail of bullets”;  “ There’s no way all those stoners could have gotten it together to chase her” – and throw my hands up in exasperation.  But here in Southern California this is a ritual of community, a celebration of the wild violence of life every bit as fraught with danger and meaning as the running of the bulls at Pamplona.  It is an act that symbolizes the transmutation of the soul as it the passes from one sacred state, driving, to another, incarceration – or maybe even death.  These are the acts that define the Socal tribe united by only one thing –worship of the combustion engine.
The California Highway Patrol is the priestly class of the state religion and must protect the integrity of its rituals.   Police officers are the roadside equivalent of the referees in the NHL. Everybody – the fans, the players, the coaches, the refs – knows that all that swishing around on the ice is just an excuse, with only passing interest, to get a fight going.  Sure, Los Angelenos tell themselves they have good reasons for constantly driving back and forth on the freeway, but if they were to be more honest about it, they’d have to admit they’re all just biding time till the next crash and burn.
Or perhaps a car chase on the freeway is merely a natural progression of the usual driver behavior.
The reactions a naked, driving Charlene elicited from the other freeway commuters ran the usual gamut of male animal exuberance to surprise to shame and disgust. I need hardly add that she would suffer nasty sunburns all over the less frequently exposed parts of her anatomy. Once our pace picked up and people started realizing what exactly was happening, the by-drivers started interacting with us, letting loose wild shouts of joy and terror. They looked the way people do when they are in the presence of something bigger than themselves, something transcendent that they long to be a part of.
Charlene wasn’t really speeding at first, rather she scooted along at a fast clip, driving pretty well for someone off their medication.  The roundup party tried a classic move.  One car got in front of her, then two others took either side; this way they hoped to gently nudge her into the breakdown lane, which they did but trouble was, as soon as they got her off to the shoulder, she backed up and just tore out into the freeway again, narrowly missing one of those cute retro roadsters that had put fun back on the road in the 1980’s.  They also tried the pincher military formation that worked so well for Frederick the Great. But what worked brilliantly on the 18th century killing fields of Europe didn’t translate so well to the 21st century asphalt of California.  Her assailants should have done a better job of boxing her in, but that’s not something you necessarily think of in the moment.  Only with hindsight do your realize how badly you were performing; the adrenalin and the beer buzz only gives lie.
It wasn’t until we were down to the Thousand Oaks area that the CHP showed up in force. Five squad cars began easing our cars over to the breakdown lanes but Charlene managed to elude them and she exited the freeway headed straight for an enormous shopping mall. Celestine had spoken with one of the cops, explaining the situation and thereby getting an escort toward the shopping mall where Charlene had just been spotted. Porky and I accompanied Celestine into the mall.
As we entered the mall with the police, Celestine asked to speak privately with one of the security guards.  She wove her arm around his, clasped his hand with hers and leaned into him in a bid for intimacy that caught Porky’s attention.  One remaining fillip of longing led him to follow in their wake like a heart-sick puppy until a wave of Celestine’s hand stayed him. The guard got a message that Charlene was now in Lacy Casuals, a women’s clothing store and that mall security and the police were securing that part of the mall. We ran over there to find the store manager talking to Charlene.
“Now hun, don’t you worry,” the manager gushed. “I waited on the ‘Runaway Bride’ and that television star who was later convicted of stabbing his wife. I know how to handle this.” She immediately took control.
“Monica, Jason – I want the doors closed and locked.  No reporters until we’re ready.  The two wage slaves drew down the garage doors to seal the store off from the rest of the mall.  They gave each other looks that said, ‘This is so weird.’  They had acted just in time, as a large crowd was gathering, pressing itself against the store windows.
“What’s her name,” the manager asked as she literally rolled up her Nehru jacket sleeves.
“Charlene,” I told her and didn’t know what else to say. Celestine introduced herself as her mother.
“Oh, that’s cute. Charlene and Celestine; we’re one half of a girl group. Celestine, hun, you look worn out. Why don’t you go sit over there in the break room and I’ll take care of this next phase of the journey. Jason get her some refreshments, please.” She then called out to get Charlene’s attention, “Charlene.”
“That’s it hun, scoot over here.”  She reached into a drawer behind the sales counter and pulled out several large sheets of tissue as she walked to the rear of the store.  “My name is Marci Novak and have I got something cute for you to slip into,” she said to Charlene who was now trailing right behind her.  “Now, I’m going to set you right over here in one of our dressing rooms,” she said as she crinkled her nose, smiled. And then she added, after a head to toe survey of Charlene’s nudity, “Hun, you’ve been busy,” She winked and drew aside a pastel, fruit printed curtain and placed the tissue on a bench inside.  She touched Charlene lightly on the nape of her neck and with her right hand led her by the elbow to the bench.
“Now I just want you to relax and let little old me do all the hard work, Ok?”  Charlene nodded yes.
Marci sprang into action, dragging along her two salespeople and two assistants and they went rapidly through the merchandise with a ‘pick and pull, pick and pull’ maneuver that was flawless in its execution.
“Well, Charlene, what do you think?”  There was no response.
“Charlene?” Not a sound.
“Let me check in on her,” Monica the assistant offered.  She drew the curtain aside just enough to peek in.  “She’s asleep, “ she whispered.  Marci pushed her aside and tried waking the still naked and now totally knocked out Charlene.
“Oh, man,” I whined, “this makes everything more complicated.  How are we going to get her dressed now?”
“Oh, it’ll be a cinch.  Just between you and me, my mother was a raging alcoholic.  I got so I could dress and undress her faster than my dress-me-up Bimbo doll.  Hah!” Marci laughed inappropriately.  “Sometimes I’d dress her up in the most outlandish outfits.  She used to get so confused when she woke up. I love getting passive/aggressive, don’t you?”
“Yeah, it’s highly under-appreciated.”
“Here,” she said, as she grabbed Charlene under the armpit, “grab her legs and let’s lay her out in the corridor.”  We did that and then she began assembling an outfit – brown, frilly panties, a sensible light butterscotch pantsuit with a sepia floral blouse – on the floor next to her.
“Shouldn’t she have a bra?” I asked.
“No, we want her in something professional but slightly suggestive when she greets the press.  Just let me take care of it, hun.”  Having put me down, she began giving orders again.
“Ok, let’s lift her again and put her on top of the clothes and then I want you to push her feet into her body so that her legs buckle at the knees.  That’s it, all the way up.  Good.  Now put her feet through the panties and then draw up the waist band,” as she was telling me all this she was meanwhile working miracles with Charlene’s arms and new blouse.  “Right.  Now just slide the feet into the pants and down the pant legs until her legs are flat on the floor.”  The feet were getting caught in the pant legs.  “You’re doing fine, hun, just bunch up the material until you find the feet again and slide it up the legs with the panties.  That’s right.”  In the past, if a young woman with a name-tag called me ‘hun’ I would have gotten nasty.  Are the people who say ‘Hun’ a lot not aware of its negative historical associations?  But I was now hanging on the word every time it left her mouth.
“Now what?” I asked.
“A hat,” Marci answered.
“I mean what are we going to do with her now?”
“First things first, hun.  A hat.”
“I saw a cute little lime green one when I came in,” I said.
“I know just which one, you’re right it’d be perfect.”   When I came back with it and a sky blue scarf, she gave me a sly look and said.  “Hun, you’ve got talent.”  I was about to tell her I’m not gay but then thought I’d just let it go.
We got Charlene dressed faster than I thought was humanly possible.  She revived as suddenly as she had dropped into a stupor and I saw how right Marci had been to insist on a hat and no bra as we stood on either side of Charlene, facing the crowd on the other side of the store’s windows.
People were smiling, laughing, pointing.  And then I saw Porky and a policeman pushing their way through the crowd.  Two other policemen were pushing the crowd back with the usual mild threats and strained requests.  Television cameras bobbed above the people as they pushed their way forward in the wake of the law.
The other two salespeople at the clothing store, their arms carrying bags full of the other articles of clothing they had picked out for Charlene, were by now thrilled to be there and treated us like a celebrity’s entourage as we readied for contact with the media.  Marci said one word, “Now,” and Monica and Jason decoupled the catches of the security doors and rolled them up to rest invisibly in the ceiling.

In our desperation to keep Charlene clothed, out of jail and out of the range of television cameras, we had ended up buying her over six hundred dollars of new clothing – the fact that we were paying retail was eating me up inside but later the store reimbursed us because of the huge bump in sales they experienced afterwards.
Marci offered me a job and gave me her phone number and the mall got gobs of free publicity and saw it’s attendance numbers soar for the rest of the month.  The clothing store cleverly exploited the incident in their advertising: “Clothes so irresistible, even a nudist can’t stay naked for long.” or “Does your birthday suit need to be taken in?  Well take it in to Lacy Casuals right now!”  Marci wanted to feature Charlene in the store’s advertising, but Celestine would have nothing of it and when Marci heard in detail the breadth of Charlene’s psychological problems, she quietly withdrew the offer.
We made the national papers under headings like “Go-Diva!” “Godiva Getaway”, “Naked Lunch Break”, “Nudist In Search of Colony Considers Shopping Mall”, and from the New York Times, “Mall Life: ‘Oh, my Godiva, she’s like, Naked, totally!”
Unfortunately, the mainstream media have drastically cut back their budgets for serious investigative journalism, therefore, for three full days we were the cynosure of their starry world.  We consist primarily of carbon motes and for a couple of crazy, rather glorious days, Celestine and Charlene were the stirrers of stardust.



Chapter XX: Shopping Mauled


I never left the mall.
For me, the shopping mall has come to represent a retail experience so pure that it almost grasps a certain banal spirituality, a weightlessness of bright, shiny surfaces.  With the exception of a few high-end restaurants that absurdly tie the consumption of alcohol in with food ingestion, this particular mall was a liquor-less shining city within a city, worlds within worlds.  I don’t always want to reach that deep or that high, don’t always want to be reminded of the hot inner circles of affluence, which for poor folk like me without credit cards is as hellish as anything Dante could have dreamed up.  Sisyphus had better credit than me.
My powers as a consumer are limited because I no longer possess credit cards, except for the debit/credit card issued by my bank, but that doesn’t really count since there’s no way you can go seriously into debt with it.  Once I’d fallen into debt in my mid-twenties, it was a state of affairs that went on and on until it just seemed to be part of the natural order of things.  I had even taken to bantering with the hired minions of my creditors.  Most were Italian-American, chosen, I think, to unnerve me with vague suggestions of the sort of Sicilian shenanigans familiar to movie-goers of the 1970’s.
Before you condemn me as a debtor, think about the credit companies who were remiss in their oversight and irresponsibly approved the issuance of my credit cards in the first place.  I was a victim of an overly aggressive financial services industry.

The pandemonium of the day was winding down but there was still a buzz in the food court as first hand accounts were proudly passed on to those unfortunate souls who missed the spectacle.  Bread and Circus pacifies the mob; they’d gotten their circus and were now availing themselves of the entitled bread.  I called Maxine as I sat staring at the scattered remains of a bran muffin on the table in front of me.
“I saw you on the news,” she screeched.  “Lord, the car chase, the shopping mall, how exciting.”  I mumbled something and Maxine said, “Honey, you don’t sound so good.”
“I’m ok.  I just called to see how you’re doing.  How’s the business?”
“Smooth as Crisco.  Really.  I’m having the best time.  The French folks are still here and they are just so nice.  I met some other folks in Union Square, elderly gentleman and his wife and they’re staying for two nights, a hundred dollars a night.  Is that about right?”
“Yeah, that’s great.  Wow, you really have a knack for it.”
“Now, I’ve been communicating with a bible study group online and they’re comin’ to town for a convention.  I can book them for six nights in January at $400 a night; you just say the word.”
“Bible study, huh?”
“Now, honey I know you feel left out but we’re all children of God.  Don’t be afraid of your brothers and sisters.”
“Sure, book them in.  Thanks,” I said with a bit more resignation than was necessary.  Maxine deserved better.  “Have you heard from Tip?”
“I’m still working on him.”
“Does he hate me?”
“Yes.”
“Oh…I wasn’t really looking for that direct of an answer.”
“Now, don’t you worry about it.  He’ll come around; just you leave it to me.  You’re a troubled soul but Maxine doesn’t run away from troubled souls.  I’m not going to leave until you realize how blessed you are.”
“Thank you Maxine.  I mean really, thank you,” at that I began to sniffle.
“Now, you tell Maxine what’s goin’ on.  Release the burden, dear, just let the lord’s love into your heart.”
“I’m drinking,” I said through tears.
There are times when alcohol burns through my life like a purifying fire, a terrible fury of judgment from a higher power.
Just before Arthur died, I’d been clean and sober for almost three years but his death was the catalyst for another drinking binge.  I was a soldier fallen back into the trenches I’d hollowed out and returned to several times and in no condition to mingle with that part of society that frequents B&Bs.  Tipton continued running the show seamlessly after Arthur’s death until I was ready to wear the mantel of succession.  I sometimes forget how thankful I am to him for keeping the whole thing viable, because it has been my lifeline.  My inheritance of Arthur’s estate is proof that blood is thicker than Irish Cream.
I don’t know what got me through that period but it certainly wasn’t the power of positive thinking.
When I hold a glass of alcohol in my hand, it’s not really alcohol, but rather a supple, velvety smooth palate cleanser that would make of my tongue and my life a tabula rasa.  It’s a tide of molten minerals and ash clearing a path through my body and into the sea:  a fresh start.
That’s what San Francisco represented to me once before I’d moved here but from all this distance I can see more clearly now that San Francisco is the place to end-up for those who have exhausted it everywhere else. The lure of wealth attracts gold diggers and dreamers, who needn’t lift a finger to move mountains, the bowels of the earth do it for them.
I arrived in San Francisco sporting a Civil War goatee and a Civil War name, Jeb.  I was a gold rush boy with my tattoo, piercings, hair color that ranged across the entire spectrum according to the day or the mood of the day.  I’d stand on the sidewalks in front of tarted-up buildings, looking just like so many of the Victorian houses of this gold rush town; cheaply built and timid boxes that hide behind poly-chromed, carved and festooned facades, their hopeful false fronts proclaiming ties to a larger cultural ambition, an insiders understanding.  I wasn’t exactly timid but there was a shyness to me, a shyness that was in its waning days.  I was learning but still young and I betrayed a nervousness, an unknowingness that made my missteps not only bearable but charming, or so I was told.
I embraced the city as the place where I could let my dreams run into the Pacific like those mice in Russia whose excess population crosses thousands of miles of Siberia for the sole purpose of tossing themselves into the ocean. I called on the muses to descend but they were caught in a holding pattern waiting for clearance and I’m afraid clearance was not mine to give.  Instead, I seem to have dialed the wrong number and reached the Furies of my alcoholism, who were agitated by the call. After only six boozy months I felt like I’d reached the end of something, maybe me.
Technically speaking, the end (or what seemed at the time to be the end) didn’t really begin in the city of San Francisco.  When I first lived in ‘San Francisco’, I didn’t actually live in San Francisco, I lived across the bay in Oakland. So the beginning of what was almost the end was actually in Oakland, but to make it easier on whatever audience of out-of-towners you’re addressing, you just say San Francisco.  That they can understand.  If you’re in New York but you come from Issy-les-Moulineaux, you don’t say I’m from Issy-les-Moulineaux, you say I’m from Paris.  If you’re talking to someone in Calgary but you live in Hoboken, you don’t say you’re from Hoboken, you say New York and so on.  Necessary lies.  Hemingway quote:  “There were many words that you could not stand to hear and finally only the names of places had dignity.”  End quote.  Any truth to that statement went the way of Penn Station and Les Halles – into the fields of ruin.
Driving across the Bay Bridge from Oakland to San Francisco, I would cut through the shadows of the girders that tensed and the cables that suspended.  Time itself tensed and suspended; the two spans of the bridge provided an interlude during which I could concoct my romance of the city as I glided over the bay and through the heart of Yerba Buena Island out to the second span on the other side.  Its gothic-deco towers of silvered steel led me effortlessly into ‘The City’.
Oh, San Francisco, seductive urb - the genies of this place had cast a spell over me.  I had been suspended from the animation of economic relationships; the grind and tumble of the workweek.  There was in me a bit of the conquistador looking for the seven cities of gold contained in this one conurbation.  I was mapping paths through the city inside of me; charting the complex transportation networks that were my veins; circling the cul-de-sacs of my nerve endings.  By following the path of neurons and blood, I believed, I might be led to the gold.  Relying on these lines of emotion as I monitored the daily commute of my feelings was like taking public transportation, an act of faith that often left me stranded or late arriving.
Eventually, the fake tattoos would wear off, the holes in my ears would close up from disuse of the rings I’d loop through them, my shyness and my real name would return as would my real hair color and my general mystification. The doldrums, it seems, were my real destination.
And here I am – and where am I?
The shopping mall.  On the phone with a born-again Christian.

“Honey, you come on home for some of Maxine’s TLC.  I may be all sweetness on the outside but on the inside I’m tough as a piece of gristle on a ham hock and I fight for my friends.  You heard of a steel magnolia?  Well, I’m a titanium magnolia, honey, tougher than steel.”
“You’ve got such a good heart; I don’t know what I would….”
“Don’t make me cry, Roy, I just put on my mascara and I’m not about to pull a Tammy-Fae.”
“Ok.  I think I’ll just stay here at the mall for a little while longer.  I’ll call you when I’m ready to come back.”
“Oh, listen, if you happen to go by one of those Mix and Match chain stores, could you get me a pair of these suede mules I saw on sale in the paper today?  Get me either the olive or the teal.  I’m a size…I’ll reimburse you when you get back.”
“Of course I will.  I’d love to get them for you.”
“Jesus loves you, Roy and so do I.  Bye now.”

I didn’t want Jesus to love me; I wanted Maria to.  It depressed me that she now hated me.  An urge to flee the mall to get a real drink took hold of me.  But with mental concentration I pulled myself together enough to realize that I was where I was supposed to be.  Something or someone had brought me here and it wasn’t just Charlene.
I was depressed and exactly where I was supposed to be because I’ve finally learned to just go shopping when I’m feeling blue.  I know this isn’t news to most Americans, but I’ve finally given in to that.
I used to find such an attitude pathetic and some people still do. The shopping should be done at famous name retail stores (though thrift stores will do in a pinch) and designer clothing seems to work best; I suppose because it’s something you use to actually transform your body and the material is the spiritual, at least it is for members of certain lesser sects of Christianity and for all those sweatshop workers in the garment district.
Post-depression, my purchases sometimes open me up to ridicule from others – ‘you could have bought that for half what you paid if you’d gone to the outlet store at the mall.’ ‘Never pay retail,’ they say, as though it was a commandment far more important than ‘thou shalt not covet another man’s wife’ and almost on par with ‘thou shalt not kill’.  It hurts me when they say ‘I could have gotten that for you wholesale’, as though I didn’t deserve my sense of wellbeing.
But these people don’t acknowledge the recuperative powers of retail.  If I’m feeling happy and I buy huge quantities of things at one of those huge wholesale warehouses, then it makes me feel like I’ve gotten away with something, which makes me feel even happier.  If I’m happy and I shop retail and then find out later that I could have bought it for less somewhere else, then that makes me feel bad.  If I’m depressed and I shop at the huge wholesale warehouse, it makes me even more depressed because I’m just another cog in the wheel of commerce and everybody gets the same good deal that I get and that doesn’t make me feel special.  If, however, I’m depressed and I shop retail and buy expensive stuff that many people can’t afford, then that does make me feel special and I feel less depressed.  It’s pretty clear-cut and at least so far, pretty fool-proof.
I went to the store and bought Maxine two pairs of the shoes she wanted, olive and teal and then drifted out to the faux street, where I found a bench next to the standing clock that was trying a little too hard to be ‘olde fashioned’.  The hands of the clock were a handle bar moustache with louche, roving eyes above them.  It would be hours before the mall closed and the roving eyes of the clock were making me uncomfortable.
I wanted to shop some more but the thought of being with people made me nervous.  I understand celebrities have the power to shut stores down while they browse during their visits, with the understanding, of course, that they will spend many tens of thousands of dollars without so much as batting an eye.  That sounds ideal until I think about it a little more and realize that celebrities rarely shop alone.  They have hangers-on that precede and flank them, with stragglers taking up the rear.  I didn’t think I could shop with an entourage right then, however much they’d have adored me.
I walked along the passage, which I’m not even sure, according to the lexicon of the mall, what one is supposed to call exactly.  Street isn’t right.  Hall seems too conventional.  I kept walking until I found one of those maps of the mall that always seem to be the shape and size of a Mayan stele and strangely, or appropriately perhaps, the configuration of the mall’s floor plan sort of looked like a pictograph of a priest blood-letting his penis with a branch of thorns.  The map didn’t know what to call the long passages of the mall either, it just stuck big letters like ‘A’ and ‘B’ in primary colors on them and left it at that.
I decided to head for the Central Atrium of the mall, hoping to come across the sort of plaza one might find in an ancient Tuscan hill town but the inspiration for the atrium came from points further south.  In the center of the Central Atrium, there was an elaborate jungle set piece with dense undergrowth and a sort of Swiss Family Robinson Tiki hut in the crotch of a concrete tree.  Right next to it a waterfall fell some twenty feet into a pool below.  It looked like just the sort of hermitage I would have wished for in my dreams.  I went and sat on a ledge by the pool and gazed at the shiny copper pennies and occasional dimes and nickels sitting at the bottom of the shallow water.
I walked around the pool to the tree and in the back, hidden from view, I saw an unattractive rebar service ladder sticking out of the concrete trunk, which looked even more like concrete back here where less effort was made at verisimilitude.
I felt both tired and adventurous and so climbed the ladder to reach the hut where I had imagined tropical flowers strewn on soft mats of woven grasses upon which bowls of suckling pig and pineapple could be found, but instead I found cigarette butts strewn on a dirty plywood floor upon which a dirty magazine could be found.  I didn’t have the energy to lift myself out of the squalor.
I could hear the work crews speaking in Spanish, a woman’s voice and that of two men.
After the sounds of talking, shuffling and the click of locks ceased, I brought my head up slowly to look out the window of the hut. The lights had all been subdued.  It’s all so calming, so civilized, everything presented just so.  The mannequins are petulant and sexless, the very ideal of romantic idolatry, seductive yet chaste, like tall, drink-of-water blondes, in the contorted poses of technical virgins.  They lured me down from my perch and I sat once again by the edge of the pool, wishing that the waterfall hadn’t been shut off.
It would seem to make sense that someone was watching me and yet I proceeded unmolested through the passages of the mall and this puzzled me.  Why weren’t alarm bells ringing?  I mean – hello! – 9/11 anyone?  Could it be that the nations shopping malls are as vulnerable as our ports and chemical plants; that efforts to make them more secure have been as stymied by the paralysis of partisan politics?
This was what I’d been searching for, the quiet dignity of retail devoid of human presence and its tendency to corruption.
I turned my attention to the marketplace in the form of a watch store and as I was inspecting the watches on display I saw my watch, a machined Swiss beauty, the one I was wearing at that very moment, with a marked down price of $300.  I bought my watch online for only $70!  It made me feel so good, a rush of low-grade euphoria.
I had needed a new watch.  The allegedly water-proof one I’d inherited from Uncle Arthur had rusted to one solid piece, indivisible, with movements on permanent stall.  I’d bought another a few years back but preliminary to embarking on an airplane had ‘lost’ it during a pass through the clutches of The Department of Heimatt Security, which had been thrown up over night to cover the country’s collective ass after 9/11.
It seems rather quaint now that I felt a need to get a watch but in the mid-2000’s things were infinitely more primitive than they are now and I decided to get serious and get online.  I was there for hours, four anyway, much longer than I would have lingered at an actual watch store, but the money I saved more than paid off my sweat equity.
There I am, seated at my computer, neck deep in a lather of indecision. I know I want a discount of at least 70% and I find several candidates. I’m briefly elated for getting through all 35 pages, some 3400 watches; it feels like such an achievement.  One watch rises above the rest and I submit it to further questioning.  Do I need luminous hands and markers?  Deployment Clasp? – (What is?)  The case is stainless steel but not brushed.  Will it be too glitzy, too back-alley Asian jewelry arcade?  Sure it has a sapphire crystal, but will anybody notice it?  The case is 35mm in diameter, which is fine but only 6mm thick, which could be a problem.  These days, when it comes to watch cases, the thicker and bigger the better.  I wouldn’t want a woman drawing false conclusions about me based on a quick read of my watch.
If ‘Swiss Movement’ (?) were a question, the answer would be methodical, careful, regular but strained.
Of all the lives I could have lived, the safest would have been Swiss. I’m intrigued by Swiss risk aversion and when it comes to questions of insurance I ask myself ‘What kind of insurance would Jesus get if he were Swiss?’ Did you know that every Swiss citizen is required by law to have a bomb shelter or access to one?  Or that they carry even more insurance per capita than the Canadians?
Ah, Switzerland! – A tucked-in, tight as a drum country, a no-nonsensical, lulling land. I see great crowds of Swiss people roaming their hills, their quaint cobbled streets and their small but surgically clean factories, gurgling and drooling, cooing their contentment.  Living there would have saved me from a certain American vulgarity of expression.
When you get to know Swiss people better, it makes perfect sense why for hundreds of years they have had such a meticulous obsession with time.  Time flies and their trains are fast but they are so damned slow!  That takes a lot of careful planning.
If Switzerland is a place where passions run slower than molasses going down Mont Blanc in January, at least the Swiss aren’t as numerous as Germans.
While traveling across the US once I ran into a huge group of German hippie tourists.  They were cleaner and had nicer watches and shoes than your average American hippies.  One of them was this gorgeous blonde.  She had single-handedly restored my faith in the humpy-ness of German women.  As a youth, I’d been conditioned by television to think that they were all tall, icy blondes with tits as pointy as those funny helmets the Kaiser used to wear.  Yet whenever I met actual German women in the real world, they were all so thick and bovine.
Oh, this girl was a dream, about five-foot-ten with a devilishly sweet smile.  Her eyes and lips were forever moist.  I’d watch her bend over her laundry basket in the common area of the youth hostel, her back tanned a golden brown, like it had been slowly baked and basted.  She had tiny symmetrical blonde hairs running almost imperceptibly down either side of her spine, joining in a wispy little goatee on her tail bone.  And when she crouched low in front of the dryer, her sweatpants rode down her ass, exposing pure white skin against the line of her tan, like a soft loaf of Wunder Brot.
I fantasized myself as a bead of sweat dripping slowly down her spine, licking every goose pimple, every goose-step of the way, until at last I fall into that deep, dark crevice between those golden white buns.  It’s strange to think of your life and realize you’d give it all up for the chance to be a reductive drop of moisture that would melt away into a woman’s behind.
I managed to forge an acquaintance with her by first ingratiating myself into the confidence of a traveling companion of hers.  Her companion was Swiss and not attractive. I chatted them up and was being brazenly false with both of them.  With the Swiss girl I pretended I had a smidgen of interest in her and with my Teutonic tit girl I made myself out to be someone she might take an interest in.  I was headed for California.  She would eventually get there, she said.  I gave her the number of a friend I’d be staying with in Santa Barbara.  She said she would call when she got out there.  I urged her to come.  I was in an ecstasy of sexual reverie for three weeks and jacking off like I hadn’t done since 11th grade.
Sure enough, the call came.  My friend took it as I wasn’t home at the time.  He’d been as excited as I was after I’d told him about my open-hausfrau.  But the much anticipated arrival turned tragic upon realizing that my beautiful German girl was nowhere to be found.  She had given my friend’s number to her Swiss companion and this cow-like creature had invited another Swiss national, the male of the species to stay with us for what seemed like time without end – the Swiss enjoy nesting; they aren’t to be rushed.
We tried putting them to work but they had no aptitude for anything.  Watering the garden up in the dry hills above the coast was important but they didn’t really get the concept of watering with a hose.  What do they do back in the old country? I wondered.  I tried showing them that it was just like milking a cow except the udder is longer and that didn’t seem to click either.
To be fair, I have met other Swiss people who are competent.  When Arthur was alive, we had a young gay couple of Swiss guys.  They were cheerful without being stupid about it, conversant without being chatty and affluent without being showy. They exemplified a type of European man who at the age of 17 is already thinking about his retirement, setting up his pension plan, getting the ok from mama.
Arthur was away at the time and I was minding the store while he was gone.  I liked the Swiss and so invited them to go to a party where I knew there would be lots of other young gay guys for them to mingle with, but they were standard bearers of sobriety and kept their youthful adventurism on a short leash.  They declined.
They had assumed I was proprietor of the B&B, rather than just its temporary caretaker and when they found out I didn’t own it, they gave me one of those looks human beings give to animals that are cute but known to have short life expectancies.  As a soon-to-be middle-aged person cleaning toilets in a house I didn’t own, they pitied me.  Do you know what it’s like to be pitied by a couple of Swiss homosexuals?
It’s that same pity, not to be confused with buyer’s remorse, which I can’t separate out from the retail experience.
Why do the problems of the world get so caught up in my heart with the trials of romantic love and why does romance cling intractably to advertising?  It is this knot of desire and the miseries of the news week that makes me ache and long for utopias and golden ages.  What does the survival of a family in Africa have to do with my love life?
The act of my salvation would require such little effort.  For four dollars a day, I could feed, clothe and educate a large family.  A few choice words, one provocative gaze could secure for me a lover with minimal expenditure.  Why then do I hold back?
When I finally decided on a Swiss watch, it came in the mail only two days after I ordered it. I took it to my bed; I opened it and my eyes teared.  I want to do good, but most days I just get by.



Chapter XXI: Devils


Idle Hands are the Devil's Man Cave
While I’d been down south living through the amazing circumstances of the previous three days, Maxine had by no means been idle.
“Come here, I want to show you something,” she said as she led me back to the kitchen.  She had painted a segment of one wall a bright tangerine and on it she’d hung plates in very pleasing tones of brown and blue in a strict grid: it was bright, peppy, contemporary; I liked it.  I never would have believed a Southern Baptist with big hair and big tits could have done such a nice job redecorating the kitchen.
“Wow, I like it,” I said.  I wasn’t so pleased about some of her other projects.
“Now, what do you think of this?” she wanted to know, as she unfurled a large chintz wall hanging with the words “Home Sweet San Francisco” over the banister to have it drape down to the first floor.  The letters were painted on in an arty, old-fashioned script.
“Did you do this?” I asked in a way that I hoped didn’t sound overly rude but still communicated my lack of enthusiasm.  She smiled without saying anything, but after what seemed like an uncomfortably long time, she said, “ Yes.”
“Oh,” I said.
“Tip’s coming over in about 10 minutes, Roy,” she said as she rolled that thing back up.
“I can’t believe you got Tip to work through his anger towards me so quickly.  I’m impressed.”
“Well, Roy, it’s a bit more complex than that.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, he’s chosen a coping mechanism that’s a little unorthodox but it works for him.”
“What do you mean by an unorthodox coping mechanism?”
“Well, he’ll explain it to you. Here he comes now.”
I did in fact get an indirect explanation by way of the following exchange with “Clemente”.
“Hi, Tip,” I said.
“No, I em not Teep.  Teepton eeth too ahngry et you stho I sthpeak for heem.”
“He’s in character, Roy; it’s like Brando.  He is so good.”
I had thought that a natural antipathy between Tip, the San Francisco homosexual and Maxine the Southern Baptist would prevent their conspiring and just barely keep them on speaking terms but I was so wrong.  I didn’t recognize all they had in common, though it seems obvious with hindsight:  They both shared similarly conservative social and political views, they both had big tits, and most telling of all, they both had a flair for the dramatic and the big mouths to back it up. I was gone a total of only two days and yet I could hardly keep up with their stories as they interrupted and gestured and finished each other’s sentences like some demented old married couple.
“Well, after you drove off,” Maxine began, “I made a complete inspection of the house. I white-gloved it and tested all the appliances.  Then I looked over the cleaning supplies and started formulating a plan of action.  Then I implemented it.”
“Joo know, Maxine find many ee-neff-eech-ensthiesth een joo or-gan-eezasthion,”
Maxine interrupted, saying to Tip, “that’s right honey, get it out, good job.”  And to me she said, sotto voce, “inefficiencies in your organization.”
Clemente continued – “Like why you poot thee joog of laundry dee-ter-gent so far back on thee thelf?  Eet dreepped all over end made a messth, oy carumba…..”  Tip, I mean Clemente, couldn’t finish because Maxine butted in and said:
“So I moved it over and pulled it way out so the spout dripped right into the drum of the washing machine.  Works like a charm now, no muss, no fuss.”  If I were to say this conversation wasn’t annoying in the extreme, I’d be lying, but it just seemed best to nod and simply get out of the way.  I continued scribbling down the story.
“Thanks,” I said sarcastically, “I’m writing it all down.”  Maxine continued:
“When I was looking around Aldaric, you know the basement room…”  Here I interrupted her:
“Aldaric is not in the basement.  It’s a street level suite with it’s own private entrance.  It’s what the French call a sous-sol.”
“Well, actually,” Maxine said, “the French called it the basement room also.”
“It’s not a basement,” I said, a little too heatedly.
“Oh,” Maxine started to say in the manner one uses with children lost in their fantasy world, “of course it isn’t, I knew that.  What was I thinking?  So, when I was looking around Aldaric, I noticed the walls were sweating, you know, because of the earth outside seein’ as it’s against the foundation there and all, so I went and got a de-humidifier, one of those fancy European ones, only paid forty dollars for it ‘cause I got it at a yard sale right down the way here. Made them write a receipt out for me, too – that’s a deduction.”
I thanked her for her efforts.
Using her diary entries and having secured Tip’s permission to bare his painful secret, I interviewed Maxine at length and was able to put together the following narrative of their first meeting:

Schisms
“I told you, Maxine, I’m not having anything further to do with Golden Rules,” Tipton shouted into the phone, “so don’t call me, don’t ask me any questions, nothing, nothing, nothing.  I built that business with his uncle Arthur and he’s going to run it into the ground.  Well I say let him, good; I don’t care.  He left me with 12 dog appointments these next two days while I’m going in for major surgery.  I’m not going to be able to walk a Schnauzer, a Great Dane, a Sporting Lucas Terrier, a Dandie Dinmont Terrier, two Whippets, a Golden Retriever with loose bowels, two Cardigan Welsh Corgis and a Shar pei while having my polyps removed.  I’m good, Maxine, but not that good.  Nobody is!”
“Oh, honey, you’re upset.”
“No, shit, Sherlock.”
“Tip, we’re gonna get you taken care of.  Maxine is in the house – miracles performed 24/7.  We’re gonna walk those puppies, we’re gonna rip out those polyps and you’re gonna get yourself some relaxation on top of it – I hear your distress and I respond to it with the Lord’s love.  I’m your helping hand, honey, all you gotta do is grab it.  Can you do that, Tip?  Can you take hold of my outstretched hand?”  Tip groaned:
“Oh, well, you know Maxine, it’s not that simple…”
“Course it is honey, really, it’s that simple.”
“Well, I don’t know.  Do you really think you can do all that?”
“I know so, honey; I’m a one-woman love army.”
“Well, alright, let me come by to get you and we can discuss it.  But I’m not setting foot in that house!  We’ll go to a café and talk.  I’ll be there in about 20 minutes.”
“Oh, good, I’ll be ready for you.”

Seated at the café, apparently Tip could barely control his rage at me and my kind:
“He is so selfish and irresponsible!  He made a commitment to me and then he just blows me off at the last minute. Sadly, his behavior is typical of San Francisco.  I’m so sick of this town; you have no idea what it’s like here. This is where the Sixties never died; you’ve got burnt out hippies in the Haight-Ashbury – not that I ever go there – playing covers of the Beatles on these weird looking foreign guitars.  You can’t go anywhere without being overcome by marijuana smoke – everybody in this town is a pot-head.  The city council is practically run by communists; they’re always passing these bonehead resolutions condemning the American government, the American people, white people, whatever.  I just hate it, do you know what I mean?”
“Oh, I do, the nation just lost it’s soul during the sixties and it’s still casting about for deliverance.  But don’t be too hard on Roy; he may be a casualty of the culture wars but he’s a good man.”
“No, no, don’t even start defending him.”
“We’re all struggling in the darkness and the Lord is the light.  You have every right to be angry but Roy has every right to expect your forgiveness.  You forgive him and you know who benefits the most?  You.  We are all sinners and we all need to seek forgiveness and the Lord grants it if you only accept Him into your heart.
“Yeah, but Roy never asks for forgiveness, he just assumes.  And anyway, what about the wrath of God, huh?  Whatever happened to that?  What ever happened to people being punished when they don’t behave?”
“I believe in a wrathful God, but at the end of the day it’s really about the power of his love; that’s what He wants for us, to bask in his love.  That’s why he sent Jesus, to help us find our way back to his grace.”
“Can we stop talking about God now?” Tip asked as he pressed his fingers against his temples, threatening a migraine.  “Do you know dogs?”
“Do I know dogs?  Hold on to your hat,” Maxine said as she removed a wallet from her purse.  She unzipped it and out fell an accordion stream of photographs.  Most were of a great variety of dogs but three were of Jesus eating a hot dog, riding a donkey and arms outstretched crucifix style around the shoulders of some Japanese tourists who were mugging for the camera.
“They’re all adorable, especially Jesus.”
“That’s Billy Cannon, best Jesus we ever had at the Easter passion play, at least he was before he got busted for back alimony.  That was such a shame.  And these are my little babies,” Maxine said as she began pointing out and naming her dogs: “that’s Ringlet, see that cute curl on his forehead?
This one here is Sawyer, as in Tom Sawyer, this one is Sometimes, as in sometimes he’ll mind you and sometimes he won’t; Rabid, Barney, Peter, Yoo-Hoo, and Shirley.  Now on the back side we have H.R., short for Holy Roller and Princess and this is Benoxyl, got him when I was havin’ the rheumatoid, and Sissy and Cassie.”
“They’re beautiful.  So which ones do you have now?”
“All of ‘em; these are all recent photos.  My Goodness, if I had to carry a picture of every dog I ever owned, I’d have to get a trailer hitch attached to my tailbone and hook-up my backside with a U-Haul.”
“Wow, that’s impressive.”
“So I can handle those dogs, no sweat.”
“Ok, I believe you.”
“What else is goin’ on in your life, Tip?  Where is the love?”
“I don’t have any love in my life, Maxine and I’m not looking for any.”
“No special friend?”
“Well, there was my dom, but he dumped me.”
“Your dom?”
“Oh, you know, my dominating “friend”.  I’m his submissive “friend.”
“Oh, you mean like Sado-Masochism?”
“Yeah, and he was such a Sado-Masochist.  I mean that was the point, I know, but he was just over the top.”
“I had a Sado-Masochist relationship once with my hair dresser.  Oh, she was just awful to me.  Jabbin’ me, yankin’ my hair this way n’ that – stimulates the scalp she said.  Can you imagine?  I’ll tell you, though, nobody in six counties around could get my hair lookin’ like she could.  Stayed with that woman seven years until her damned husband blew her head off.  Spousal abuse, his lawyer said.  I testified but I don’t think I helped the prosecution’s case any; I still didn’t like her any more with her head blown off than I did when she was alive.  The husband walked.”
“Ok, but we were talking about my relationship,” Tip said impatiently.
“Well, what happened?”
“He says I talk too much and that I’m too demanding.  I said, well, yeah, I’m a bitchy bottom and then he says bitchy bottoms don’t make good submissives.  Then he told me not to call him anymore.  Can you believe that?  I told him I’d damn-well call him if I felt like it.”  Maxine started to give Tip some advice but he continued before she could get it out of her mouth.
“And then do you know what he says to me? – ‘You’re not a bottom, you’re just lazy.”
“Oh, Tip, honey, now that’s terrible; that’s just plain rude.”
“Yeah, well, he wasn’t exactly Emily Post.”

Breaking down and up
Who broke up with whom matters.  People pretend it doesn’t, “Oh, what difference does it make, who broke up with who?” they’ll ask rhetorically, “The point is we’ve both evolved and we need to move on,” or something like that.  If they do admit to being dumped, they’ll boast about their bad behavioral traits and habits, making one see that it was really their unconscious desire to break up the relationship by acting passive-aggressively that forced the issue.  So, really, they were the ones that broke off the relationship, in a way, if you think about it.

“What about you Maxine, is there a man in your life?”
“You know,” Maxine began, apparently taking the long, Southern way of answering a question, “I have this English friend, real fervent believer, I tried to get her to come over here to do good work but she said, you know Maxine, that would be like takin’ coals to Newcastle – funny thing is she lives in Newcastle and man does she have her work cut out for her there; not many church folk like you find in Georgia.  Anyway, you know Henry the Eighth?  Course you do.  She said to keep all those wives straight they tell school children a little rhyme, ‘Divorced, beheaded, died, divorced, beheaded, survived.’  Well, for me it’s ‘Married, divorced; married, deceased and married, deceased and then divorced;”
“You mean you divorced your last husband after he died?”
“I did. I’m not carrying his name to the grave and beyond, I said to myself.   I went to the courthouse and I said I want to file for divorce and they said, on what grounds?  I said, he’s dead.  They said, that’s no grounds for divorce and I said, well it ought to be ‘cause he’s in no condition to fulfill his conjugal duties and he was a damn cheat in this world and he’s sure to be in the next.  They tell me this is unprecedented in the state of Georgia and I said I don’t give a damn; I want a divorce.”
“I always wanted to be a divorcee, a Norma Shearer type divorcee,” Tipton said, “I’m kind of romantic that way.”
“Oh, sugar bear, we need to find you some love.”
“Maxine, can I tell you something personal?”
“Of course, you can honey, we’re old friends by now.”
“I have a difficult relationship with men, probably on account of I was raped and abused when I was a boy.  I’ve never told anybody about that, except Roy’s uncle Arthur.”
“Oh, you poor lamb.”
“It was my father’s brother.  I was only eight years old.  Let me show you a picture of me when I was eight.”  Tip reached into his wallet and held it up for Maxine like undercover policemen do when they show their badge.  Maxine gasped at the sight of the little boy.
“Oh, my stars!  What a beautiful boy; what an angel.  Whatever…”, Maxine stopped herself.  She blushed.
“It’s ok.  Everybody has the same reaction,” Tipton said.  “What happened to you?  Everybody asks or wants to ask; don’t feel bad.  I was a beautiful little boy.  I should have grown into a beautiful man.  My uncle happened; that’s what happened.”
“Oh, I feel so sad all of a sudden,” Maxine said.
“Me too.  He had a wife and kids; can you believe it?  Who would have thought?  Don’t know if he ever touched them.  I noticed him paying more attention to me when I was around seven or so.  It started when he got laid off.  The factory said they could probably call him back in a few months but my aunt went back to work temporarily as an office worker to pay the bills in the mean time.  He started telling my parents that he’d watch me after school, that it would be good for me to have a male influence since my dad was working two jobs then and didn’t spend much time with me.
“My cousins were real young, just babies really and he’d lock them in their room during nap time.  He told me it was just so we could spend a little time by ourselves.  Then he’d show me something he bought me, just some cheap something or other but it was fun to get gifts.  He’d have me sit on his lap, hug me and tell me how good I smelled.  It was nice at first, I liked that.”  Tip paused and was silent for a few moments.
“But then he wanted to do other stuff and I got really uncomfortable.  It just didn’t seem right; I was only eight, but I knew it wasn’t right.  Then he wanted to penetrate me and it hurt so much.  I was too small.  I was just a kid.  Why would anybody do that to an eight-year old kid?  He wanted to do it every time we were alone.  He’d call me his skinny little boy over and over while he was using me.  Skinny little boy – that really turned him on.  I kept hoping my cousins would wake up and start making a lot of noise, but they never did.  I don’t know why.
“I didn’t know what to do, Maxine.  I was so ashamed.  I’d been a pretty joyful kid, always running through the tall grass fields behind our house, collecting insects, collecting frogs from the wetlands just beyond the fields.  He’d put a tampon in after to stop the bleeding.
“I got really depressed and I started eating a lot, every chance I got.  I stopped running around.  I got really fat and that made my uncle mad; he started yelling at me.  He didn’t want to touch a fat boy, so he told my parents he couldn’t look after me anymore, even before he was called back to work.
“Everything changed.  Maybe if he would have just been happy to cuddle with me and be nice to me it would have been ok but he should never have used me like that.  He raped me and I feel like he split me in two.”
Maxine and Tip sat and looked at each other from across the café table.
“I share your pain,” Maxine said, after a long silent while. “and I’m going to tell you this so you know how much I do – I was raped too.”
“Oh, no.  You too?  What happened?”
“A man in our town; a drifter but a charming one.  I’d call him a young man now, must have been younger than thirty but at the time he seemed worlds older than me.  Wasn’t so hard to get me alone; we lived in a sleepy little town and half the population were sleepwalkers just roamin’ about with their minds somewhere else.  He followed me on one of my perambulations in the woods.  I was 14.  He wooed me at first but then when it was gettin late he wouldn’t let me excuse myself to go.  He grabbed my wrists, those thin, elegant wrists I used to have and dragged me down to the forest floor.  He started hurting me, ruttin’ on top of me.
“It’s just my body, I kept telling myself, that’s all he’ll ever get, just a hundred pounds of my flesh, wasn’t really me.  It’s hard to say what I was feelin’, a girl who’d never known a boy but had the fever.  I didn’t ask for it and I said no, but somethin’ else told me not to resist the power of a man; I was perspirin’ and in heat but from desire or fear, I couldn’t tell then.  Both, I can say now.  Oh, but after it I was enraged; I knew what he took from me with nothin’ offered in return.  He didn’t give up nothin’ of his-self.  I was a hellcat that year; there was no controllin’ me.  I had murder in my heart, and don’t mistake me, I was truly plannin’ to murder that man.  And I kept on plannin’ for it when they sent me up north to the clinic in Virginia.  North for us was still the South.
“We never told Mama, it would be the death of her my Aunty May said but that would have been overkill: you see my mother was already dyin’a  cancer.  Left this world right after my 15th birthday, she had enough strength for that anyway.  To see that strong woman just whither away to nothin’, to see that bedrock of my life ground down to powder and ash – well, the world had nothin’ left to offer me after witnessin’ that spectacle.
“They made the South for pearly white women like my Mama and her sisters; oh, I know it’s harpin’ on clichés to sing that song, those high-minded useless belles of the old South, but the truth of it is stereotypes walk this earth and breathe its air and any family worth anything at all had their collection of ornamental daughters from one generation or another.  No Georgia family tree was complete with out a branch bearin’ those white-flesh peaches, vyin’ with each other for a place in the sun but stayin’ out of it’s glare so’s not to ruin their complexion.
“Mother married down; nobody in her family would let anybody forget that.  Not like they were so special, please. You know what she said to me?  “There ain’t no reason a woman can’t be useful and beautiful”.  She liked to talk colloquial like that, just to poke a finger in their eye, her family.  That woman worked hard and she still had the softest, creamiest hands you ever seen.  Before gettin’ into bed at night she’d cover her hands and forearms with Vaseline.  Then she’d put on these long white gloves, the kind you’d wear to the opera or a ballroom dance.  It all seemed so elegant to me, with her silky nightgowns and those white gloves, like she was dressing up for her dreams, like they were someplace really special where she’d be out cavorting all night.
“What did your father make of that?” Tip asked.  “It sounds messy, but I wonder…”
“I know, me too; I used to think about how exactly that fit with their marital relations, if you know what I mean and I know you do.
“Anyway, I missed her, missed her even more than my virginity.  I didn’t know where to turn with all my anger and hurt.  Certainly not to my aunties; their feet barely touched the ground.  My daddy had done with me.  My brothers were away from home.  I turned to the church; not to the preacher, he was an old blowhard, but his wife, she was the one with the ear of God, she had that healin’ gift and practiced it quietly behind her husband’s back, in the wake of all his bluster.
“She took my hand and without even a bit of fuss brought me straight to the Lord, just as though we were goin’ the rounds of visitin’ after church.  It was mere kindness of the homeliest, humblest sort.  That was Edna-Ellen Foster all over.  People’d try to get talk goin’ about her, you know, some people can’t stand the quiet, the peace of certain other people; they want to tear into it and make an example of it.  You know the kind I’m talkin’ ‘bout, people who make nice but want to undo good.  But mud wouldn’t stick to her because she was goodness personified and when trouble struck your family in our country, black or white, you wanted Edna-Ellen to hold your hand.
“Oh, my, Tipton, why have you let me run on like this?  All I really want to add is that I didn’t murder that man, I forgave him.  Forgive Roy, dear.  He’s a lost soul, a confusion caught in a conundrum, and in that he’s no different than you and I.  Jesus forgives us our sins, the least we can do is forgive each other.  There’s a spark of the divine in each of us, Tip.  Let it set your soul on fire.”
“Alright, I’ll try to forgive him, but I’m not there yet.  Please don’t rush me.”
“Honey, Maxine doesn’t push, she gently pulls you along in the wake of the Lord.”
“I don’t care if you are a cliché, Maxine, I love strong Southern women with the gift of gab.  I feel like you’re my soul sister.  You’ve reduced me to tears”
“Oh, me, too.  Should we have a good cry, you and me?  We’ve earned that haven’t we?”



Chapter XXII: The Busy-Body of Christ


Conversion therapy
Maxine had other surprises waiting for me; she was one busy-body of Christ.
“Well, the day of your Lady Go-Diva adventure, I just went buzzin’ around cleanin’ everything I could get a hold of.  Then the French folks came back late afternoon for their naps; you know, they’re used to that sort of thing in Europe, their siesta, so civilized.  After they got up we started a’chattin’ away.  And when I told ‘em I was Born Again, they became positively transfixed by the light of the Lord.  I told them I keep the Lord right here in my bosom, right against my heart; after I said that, they just couldn’t take their eyes off my breasts, especially the two Frenchmen.  I just say ‘go ahead, boys, look at my boobies, you know?   Let ‘em look, let ‘em be mesmerized by His love!”
“You know, here’s an idea, I said to them. Why don’t you come to church with me?  I’m going tomorrow, not too early. I couldn’t find a church suitable for me in the city, so I’m gonna have a little adventure and go out to the East Bay to one my Christian guide book suggested.  Why don’t you come?”
The French folks stopped making contact with their eyes and instead began shifting them from side to side.  Then could be heard a lot of those guttural noises the French are so good at.
“They’ve got a special treat as part of the service, the Passion Players out of Decatur, Georgia; one of the best Black gospel groups around.”  That got the attention of the French.
“We love Black gospel music.”
“C’est formidable – fantastique, “ said Bruno, as he kissed the tips of his fingers.
“Oui, oui, yes,” seconded the women.
“Well, then it’s settled.  Now we just have to talk Tip into driving us.”

Much later, after Tip had began communicating with me again in his own voice, he added his own take on that day:
“Maxine talked them into going to church with her, you know, as a cultural thing.  She can be pretty devious; she talked me into driving.  Well, they had some black chorus performing and the Frenchies got so carried away with the music that they agreed to be baptized. They were like shaking down their groove-thangs and before they knew it, bam! They’re taking a splash in the Lord’s Jacuzzi.  Oh, they were a big hit.  Don’t you think that preacher loved getting his clutches on some godless Euro-trash.  Maxine got all carried away, you should have heard her moaning like she was having the best orgasm.”
“I’m glad I missed that.”
“You know, she’s going on about the power of the Lord, but if that was the Holy Spirit I smelled on their breaths, then he smells an awful lot like nouveau beaujolais.  I think they were all alcoholics.”
“They aren’t alcoholics, Tip, they’re French.”
Maxine had converted my French guests to Christianity.  I felt violated, used, dirty.  First the Dreyfus Affair, then the capitulation of 1940, now this.  I felt my love affair with France becoming a thing stale, cold and dry.
Maxine informed me that she had something important to tell me and I had already invited her out to lunch so there we sat at an Italian restaurant just down the block from me. I was still a little miffed about her coup d’éclat.
“You converted my French people to Christianity.  I don’t know, it just seems so culturally arrogant to me.  I mean, how would you feel if you went to India for a nice vacation and then somebody takes you to a temple, drops you into the Ganges and tells you you’re a Hindu?”
“Now, stop, they were already Christians,” Maxine responded.  “They were just passive; their membership had expired but the Lord reactivated them – with the help of The Passion Players out of Decatur, Georgia, mind you.  I don’t know what those French folks were expectin’ to find when they got to San Francisco, but it wasn’t Jesus, I can tell you that much!” She gave a hearty chortle.
“Praise the Lord, were they ever reactivated!  You should have seen them dancing down to the preacher with their arms waving above their heads.  Oh!  It was a sight for sore eyes.  We drove ‘em to the airport right after.  Shame they had to fly off in a rush like that.  Oh, and you know?” she paused and I said,
“What?”
“French people aren’t such a bad sort.”
“Oh, no? What makes you so sure?”

But the real coup d’eclat was still to come:
“So, what’s the big news you wanted to tell me, Maxine?”
“I’m moving to San Francisco!”
“Wow, good for you,” I said, thinking this might not be so good for me.
“I’m flying back home tonight to arrange my things and I’ve already got a real estate agent who’s gonna help me find a real pretty house.”
“Why are you moving to San Francisco?”
“I’m needed here. You and Tip need me,” she said quietly and then a little louder, “This city needs me; I’ve been called by the lord to live and love his word right here.” And then she practically yelled, “I’m so excited!” and gave me a big hug.

I said my goodbyes to Maxine and left the cafe to continue on to my first dog assignment since getting back.  Tipton still wasn’t speaking to me but Clemente was:
“Joo mahst gate See-mon at one o’cloak.
So there I was at 12:50 to meet and greet the dog. Simon is a lovable Great Dane, aristocratic but awkward.  He is so vocal in his appreciation for all the time spent with him, like someone’s younger brother, a latch-key kid.  His owner is a lawyer who defended a friend of mine who accidentally ran over his girlfriend who was dead drunk and had no recollection of the incident.
I was now quite thankful for my dog-walking gig.  I had tripped over the painful realization that there weren’t a lot of people for me to turn to when I needed unconditional love.  Maxine perhaps. Jesus, not so sure. Admittedly that’s not the sort of love I ever let flow and, well, if justice is blind, then rough justice has had her eyes scratched out.  But it became clear enough that a walk around the block with a four-legged friend was a superior form of therapy.
Dogs form a descending line of second sons.  They are buffers for our emotions, softening the blows of rejection and unasked for solitude.  They act as our scouts to sniff out the dogs of the prettiest people, then storm their positions as the advance guard, conquering with conciliation.  What a live-in-the-moment thrill it must be to feel the absolute urgency of following a scent, to sense the world as a network of smells, a complex circuit, to know nothing more compelling than following a lead, rubbing your nose in it, succumbing to ecstatic frottage - anything to sustain the ephemeral, the instability of attraction.
Simon had begun filling a certain intimate, empty corner of my life with activity and noise and walking him made me feel like I had my own bravest self on a leash, that I was being led solely by the will of a being that will force introductions and form alliances with all those things that I’d lately felt disengaged from.  His complete lack of guile or self-consciousness helped me to realize again the possibilities of play. I would look into his sorrowful eyes and coax him, feel his breath and saliva as he implored me to throw the stick he had clenched in his mouth.
I took Simon to Buena Vista Park just up the street from his home.  There around sunset are performed canine rituals of almost Druidic significance.  For one brief hour every evening, man and woman and these best friends of man and woman, become members of a separate society with its initiations and secret handshakes and dues to pay.  Pet owners meet casually, drifting in from their directions, usually following the same paths from the urban woods to the clearing at the top of the hill.  But the dogs reunite with all excitement: they dart and bolt, leaping into copses, whipping themselves into a bacchanalian frenzy, doing all those things that bring so much pride and annoyance to the pet owners.
There are moments when I can imagine the pack of dogs surrendering to some atavistic impulse to kill, to rip the flesh from the masters as they scream ‘Heal!’ and ‘Curb your dog!!’; to become the collared and selectively bred Meanads of city parks and sidewalks.  But that never happens, the dogs can never be so allied or so focused. A united front of dogs is sundered by the primary relationship, owner and dog; all actions remain within that orbit.
‘I’m older now’ (I reminded myself again), my hair canescent and breezy after a recent haircut.  The wind blew stronger there in the clearing on the hill.  It made long hair horizontal and stirred my clothing and skin.  The wind almost made me smile at its sudden disruptions and its teasing chaos.  There I was on the top of a hill, the sun glinting in my eyes as it sank low to the horizon, me nearly smiling at the breeze, at the dogs running riot, at the clusters of pet owners fawning over each other and each other’s pets and I was being approached by a woman.



Chapter XXIII: The Pinkiness of Health


In the pink
I’d wondered about Pinky during those days following Porky’s betrayal and how after his return she managed so quickly to forgive her husband and to do so with dignity and a finality that declared the forgiveness irrevocable.  She emerged from the rift a woman who would command greater respect from her husband than he had ever shown her before and an increased stature among her family and friends.
I didn’t have to wonder about Pinky any longer.  As I watched her approach, I felt uneasy and hoped she wasn’t coming to yell at me.  I hoped she wasn’t coming to tell me I’m a coward and a selfish person.  After my fight with Maria, I feared everyone I came into contact with would declare this truth to the world.  I let the dog run to greet her and she barely had to stoop to look him in the eye.  Even when Simon tried to lick it off, her smile was joyful and easy.
“Hi Pinky,” I ventured.
“Hi,” she said, letting the vowel glide so that her greeting sounded like hi-eye-eye,  “How are you, Roy?  It’s so pretty here and all these doggies, so nice.”
“Yeah, it is nice.  I’m surprised to see you here.”
“Tipton drove me here because I want to talk to you.”
“Sure, let’s find a place to sit down.”  We walked a bit further and found a bench.
“How have you been, Pinky?” I asked.  “I know things have been hard.  I’m sorry about all this.”
“We didn’t like you, Roy.”  This hardly seemed like an appropriate response to my heartfelt apology.  “Arthur used to tell us about you, you know, the alcohol, the drugs and those loser girls you used to date.  You know Arthur loved you, but he loved gossip even more!”  She laughed as she shoved her hand into my chest in one of those coy but forceful gestures that used to send nascent film stars reeling into walls and mud puddles in silent one-reelers.
“You’re a loser but you’re a winner, too.  I don’t know what we see in you, but Stinky loves you and so do I.”
“Stinky?” I asked
“Stinky, Maria, my difficult daughter.”
“Oh, my God – Stinky! – No wonder she didn’t want to tell me her nickname.”
“And don’t be sorry, Roy, about Porky, it’s not your fault.  It was very painful but with God’s help I am strong.  I been forced to look at my life different and I learn some hard things but good things too.  Porky is just another man, I learned, just like anyone else.  But he love me and even more important, I love him and I forgive him.  We all make mistakes and only God can judge.  I have prayed and prayed for him to come back to me and I cried and cried, I never thought the tears would stop but not one drop wasted because God has answered my prayers.  And Porky know he in the dog house – one more mistake and I cut his balls off.”  The two of us began laughing hysterically, tears flowing from our eyes, and not one drop wasted.

I phoned Maria the next day.
“What up, Stinky?”
“Oh, God, you’ve been talking to my mother.”
“She had me in stitches yesterday.”
“Laughing at my expense?” she said.  Here we go, I thought, my hopes for reconciliation already shut down.
“No, no, not at all.  I did a terrible thing; I betrayed your mother.”
“You did, yeah.”
“I’m selfish and I’m a coward…
“Look, I don’t need you to do this.”
“Do what?”
“To abnegate and humiliate yourself.  I had a long talk with my mother – so what did she say anyway?”
“She said she loves me and so do you.”
“I don’t know if that’s true but I’m willing to give you another chance.”
“And I’m willing to take the chance you’re offering me and to do better by you and your family.  I started drinking again; it’s a battle; I have a lot of chinks in my armor.”  I immediately regretted my choice of words.  Certain words like chinks and niggardly, though perfectly good words, raise alarm bells and eyebrows, especially in San Francisco.  A few silent moments were endured, pregnant with alarm.
“Did you just call me a chink?” and then when I was at the proverbial loss for words, she laughed and said, “relax you are so uptight right now.  Do I have to wear a big sign, “KIDDING!”
“I knew you were kidding,” I said defensively.  “I knew you were kidding. We’re on the telephone, how would I see a sign saying “KIDDING!” on it?”
“Well, then, the chance I’m offering you comes with a condition – you stop drinking right now because I am not bringing a user into my son’s life, no way.”
“I’ve already stopped. I haven’t touched anything for over a week.  My binge lasted two days and then I quit.”
“I like that you want to be a better person.  You really do.  I even love that you have struggled with it and you keep on trying to do better.  And you have succeeded at that.  You need to acknowledge that, too.  That’s all I’ll ever ask of you, to keep striving and making sure that you succeed when it really counts.”
“Your mother thinks we should have dinner together.  She’s kidnapping Adam from day care today and says she won’t give him back until we’ve made up.”
“That’s twisted.”
“You know we got to know each other in the heat of your dad’s, um….”
“My dad’s infidelity.  Yeah, you’re right it was a big thing and so was your lying to me.  But nobody forgives anymore – I don’t want to be one of those people. Everybody is so, “Done! Over it! Next!” and I don’t want to be that way. If we can get through it, we could be the stronger for it.  Is that what you were trying to say?”
“Well, yeah, that but also something else.  Look, I betrayed your mother and one of my guests largely for the money I saved when your dad ripped up his bill for the plumbing work he did but I also did it for another reason.  Your dad showed me a letter……”
“From Celestine?”
“No, from way back; it was like forty years old.  From a girl he loved in high school; it was a Dear John letter. She rejected him because he was Asian and she was white.  It still hurt him and your dad said he had the same feeling for Celestine that he’d had for that girl.  I don’t know, I just thought he should have a second chance.”
“Wow, I never knew about that.  I already told you I was a little bit proud of him for getting all crazy over this but he loves my mom; they need each other.”
“I know.”
“Wow, I just had a great idea.  Why don’t we very consciously sit down and go through all our issues.  I mean we’ve already been through some of the big one’s: Your Alcoholism….
“Your Dad’s Infidelity…”
“Your Lying……”
“Ok, could we call it my truth stretching?  You know, the truth as a protective coating that we stretch over our loved ones to shield them from ugliness and pain?”
“Ok, your truth stretching….”
“I feel like we’re really making some progress here.”
“I totally agree; we are making progress.  You know, I’m thinking, we should sit down and discuss all the little things that are big things to us.  I mean actually list them on a piece of paper and tic them off one by one as we talk about them.  Let’s just literally lay it all out on the table.”
I thought for a minute.
“Hhmm…well…I don’t know,” I said, “I’ve never done that before, but, yeah, maybe that would be a good idea.  Maybe we need to take a clear, cool look at who we are, warts and all.  Under the microscope.”
“Let’s try it out now, you first.”
“Ok, let me see. Ok, how do you feel about dictionaries with photographs as opposed to line drawings?”
“I haven't even used a dictionary since, like, college. Who cares about stuff like that?”
“Duh?! I do. Just answer the question.”
“Photos are fine, I don’t care.”
“Ok, not a problem, we can have two dictionaries. Is it ok to introduce impromptu confessions in this forum?”
“Sure, as long as you’re not expecting the confidentiality of the confession box. I run to my mother and tell her everything. Well, only the juicy stuff.”
“Sometimes I’m not very nice.”
“Nice is overrated.”
“Yeah, but sometimes I can just be nasty.  Like the time this girl I was seeing came over to have sex.  It makes me smile to know her car was stolen while I was fucking her in front of the window.
“That is so hot.  Except maybe I’d like there to be two thieves and I was getting fucked by one of them while the other one warmed up the car.”  We both giggled.
“I have one of those not being very nice kinds of things – who am I kidding, I have a number of them, but one in particular comes to mind.  I made a date with this guy.  For some reason, just before he was about to pick me up, I hid in the bushes. I watched him go up to the front door – I was only like four feet away from him – and ring the bell, knock on the door, he was perturbed and definitely confused.  Meanwhile I’m crouching, but my leg is starting to hurt, so I start falling and making noise and then I see him staring right at me. “Maria?” he says.  I was mortified and didn’t say a word but I came out from the bushes.  Then he asks me if I’m ready to go.  He asks me if I’m ready to go!  Can you believe that?!  He wasn’t even acknowledging the fact that he’d caught me hiding in the bushes of my own home while I watched him.  How weird is that?”
“Oh, and this other time, I’d been cleaning out the garage and the yard; I was totally filthy and smelly. I had nothing in the house to eat so I decided to go out for food before cleaning up.  I just wanted something fast, so I went to get a burger and fries.  I wait in a long line because of course I had to get hungry just as every body else was and I go outside to eat, but the burger was kind of gross and the fries were limp, so in disgust I tossed it into the trash.  Then I immediately regret doing it and decide that I should have just eaten it.  So I reach into the trash bin to get my bag of food but the bag kind of falls lower, so I had to remove the lid and rummage around to find it and as I’m doing this a voice behind me says, “Maria?”  I was like “Oh, shit.”
“Maria, is that you?” he asks.  It’s an ex-boyfriend that had dumped me.  So I reluctantly turn around and he has this weird look on his face.  I had no idea what to say.”
“Hi, Peter.”
“What are you doing?”
“I dropped my food in here.”
“Do you want me to buy you something to eat?”
“No, you don’t understand, this is my food.  I bought it.”
“It’s ok, I’m not judging you.  Are you hungry?”
“It’s my food; I bought it.  Look I have the receipt.  So I start frantically looking around for the receipt like an idiot.  I was so humiliated and I just cussed him out. I mean really bad, like people were staring at me, bad. He just walked away shaking his head.”

Rapprochement sexuel
Maria and I met that night for dinner and she came over to stay the night for our first round of pillow kisses and early morning hard-ons.
We left her building around nine and I sensed that the city was now bone dry, that all the juices had been sucked from it. We began walking up the empty, quiet street, the hard dried rind of the earth; a street sapped of urban zest, the street hawkers and sidewalk strollers, the shopkeepers and drunks.  We walked close together and as we approached the car, we separated and forked around it, I to the driver’s side, she to the passenger’s.
I’m not that good at night driving.  Blurred images in my peripheral vision seem to leap across the road causing me to stop and start suddenly while an actual being may be just a fast shadow lost in the voids between street lamps. Maria had a good amount of wine in her, so I was the designated driver, a permanent position for a recovering alcoholic.  Slowly I drove her car through the foggy streets, it rocked and creaked before I carefully moored it to a broken parking meter.  It was as romantic a ride as taking a midnight vaporetto cruising down the canals of Venice, but a desiccated Venice, one where the canals have been filled with asphaltum.
It didn’t take long for us to get naked and begin having make-up sex that was also our re-deflowering, after periods of (near) celibacy for both of us. The sex was great but not without a hiccup at the much-anticipated vagina unveiling:
“What is that?” Maria’s vaginal tattoo is a carnivorous plant.
“It’s a meat-eating plant.”
“It’s kind of disturbing.”
“Yeah?  I got it during my angry ‘Ggggrrrl’ period.  But it’s kind of funny, too, don’t you think?”  Maria gave me Funny Look # 241.
“I don’t know.  All those spiky things around the lips – I think I’m losing my erection.”
“Well, stop staring at it!”
“Ok.  Can you tell me again what a bad, nasty Catholic school girl you are?”



Chapter XXIV: Dirty Laundry List


Dirty laundry list with no redeeming literary value
After I promised not to call her Stinky, we made arrangements for her to swing by and pick me up.  We got to her place, and made out briefly before agreeing to hold off sex until after dinner.  We unpacked the groceries and began preparing a salmon filet and a robust salad.  Then Maria asks,
“Why don’t we talk while we’re getting dinner ready?”
“Oh – you multi-task?” I wondered out loud.  I’ve always been wary of manic types that can’t afford personal assistants who go out of their way to make sure they’re as busy as can possibly be at all moments of the day.  For people like that, their busy-ness is a statement of high moral purpose – I’m busy, therefore I am.
“Well, yeah, why wouldn’t I?  I mean talking while we’re making dinner isn’t really multi-tasking.”
“Well, there’s nothing wrong with it I guess, it’s just that you kind of soil the purity of each experience when you try to do two things at once.”
“Interesting, you are so…..” and here she paused to think of how to modulate her gut reaction so that it outwardly expressed her contempt in a way that would be acceptable to me – “so, precious.”
“There have been scientific studies showing that multi-tasking has severe consequences for the brain..”
“Oh, please.  Chopping vegetables and talking at the same time is not causing my brain to melt down,” she said as she placed the rest of the carrots she’d been chopping into the salad bowl.
“Ok, but you just put half of the plastic carrot wrap into the salad.”
“Did I?  Oh, shit,” she said as she removed shred after shred of plastic from the bowl.  “Oh, maybe you’re right.  I feel like I’m on a treadmill 24/7 and I just can’t ever keep up.  There’s always something I’ve forgotten to do, some appointment, play dates for Adam.  Play dates! – What happened to just playing?  You know, like, without a day planner.  Why is everything so complicated?”
“I know what you mean.  It just seems that kid’s lives today are so structured and watched over and everybody is so overly concerned about their safety.  I don’t ever remember anybody being that concerned about our safety when I was growing up.”
“And you think that was a good thing?”
“No, I don’t mean it like that, but we were allowed to roam, go off on our own to explore and just be by ourselves.  Nobody handed us a schedule.  Nobody came to pick us up after school, or from a friend’s house.  We didn’t do ‘play dates’,” which I said with a mincing sneer.
“Well, yeah, I mean I see what you’re getting at but let’s keep in mind that you’re from a highly dysfunctional family with socio-pathic tendencies; those were your words.”
“Oh, yeah, I forgot.”
Maria was starting to hyperventilate; I took her hands in mine and kissed them.
“I want you to sit down and relax; I’m going to fix dinner.”
“Would you,” she pleaded, “I love it when you act grown-up.”
I picked out the rest of the plastic carrot wrap from the salad bowl and stuck the salmon under the broiler.  Twenty minutes later we were seated at the kitchen table picking at our food and probing our souls.
“Ok, let’s get our Petty, Stupid But Essential Things lists out.”  Maria didn’t move, so I asked, “You did make out a list, right?”
“Absolutely, it’s right here,” she said as she held up a tear sheet on which I read ‘butter, half & half, shitake dress., OJ,’ etc.
“That’s a shopping list,” I said.
“On the back!  Hello?!”

Left overs
“Ok, I’m gonna go first: these are two separate questions but they’re really two sides of the same coin: How do you feel about cooking, and How do you feel about leftovers?
“I’m not crazy about cooking but I love making stews and soups and leftovers are good.”
“Ok, but are you capable of making other things?  Are you willing to make other things?”
“Does ‘making things’ include making frozen food?”
“That’s a disturbing question.”
“I’m kidding, of course I make other food.  I have a child for God’s sake.”
“How many days after the meal of origin can you continue eating the same leftovers?  Two, three, four days?”
“Uhmm, I don’t know.  I don’t think I could keep eating the same leftovers after like, I don’t know, the second day,” she said as she stared at the ceiling.
“I love left-overs and could keep eating them indefinitely. Why are you staring at the ceiling.”
“I thought I saw a spider – So…So, does that mean you could eat all the leftovers yourself until they were gone?”
“Absolutely, so, I don’t see any conflict there.”
“Ok, I just want to be clear: so you’re saying I could make fresh food and you’d eat the leftovers.” She squinted her eyes and pursed her lips.
“No, that’s not what I’m saying.  You can’t make fresh food while I’m eating leftovers because then all you’d be eating is fresh food and all I’d be eating is leftovers.  We’d be totally out of sync.  You’d have to eat whatever.”
“Ok, let’s revisit this one after we’re done eating,” she suggested and then when she saw me liberally spreading cheese over my salad, she said “Jesus, look at all the Parmesan cheese you’re using!”
“You act like consuming large amounts of Reggiano-Parmaggiano  is a moral outrage.”
“Yeah, it’s an extremely expensive moral outrage.”
“I love a woman with a strong set of values.  While we’re on the subject of food, how do you feel about mayonnaise?”
“Whoa, whoa, wait.  Mayonnaise is not a food.  Ew, it totally disgusts me.  It gives me dry heaves just thinking about it.  You like that stuff?”
“Yeah.  Would it bother you to have it in the fridge if it were in an unmarked container, like in brown glass so you couldn’t see into it?”
“I don’t know, just the thought of sharing the same living space with it kind of creeps me out.”
“How do you feel about washing dishes?”
“I don’t mind doing dishes.”
“Good.  What method do you use?”
“I’ve never really thought of dishwashing as having a specific method.”
“Just describe what comes to mind when you think ‘dishwashing’.  What do you see yourself doing.”
“Well, first I fill up the sink with water and kind of let everything soak for a while….”
“We have to talk about this.  I don’t want to be judgmental or anything, but your water usage just appalls me.”
“I’m not sure this is such a good idea, this discussing every little thing.”
“No, we need to talk about this.  This is not a frivolous issue.  Look, billions of people around the world spend most of their day trying to find and bring home potable water.  It’s a precious resource and Americans waste it like it grew on trees or something.”
“Like it grew on trees?”
“Alright, that’s a bad analogy, or a mixed metaphor, I forget which, but you know what I mean.”
“You mean Americans waste it like….oh, I don’t know….. like it fell from the sky or something? Like manna from heaven?  I mean, HELLO! – It does fall from the sky, in vast quantities”
“You know, I think you’re right, maybe we should just table this one for discussion at a later date as yet to be determined.  So moving right along,…..
“Oh, I’ve got one: so how do you feel about bar soap?”
“I hate bar soap.  It gets so messy.  I just don’t get why anybody uses it any more when liquid soap is so readily available.”
“Ok, that’s a problem.  I actually agree whole-heartedly with you…
“So, what’s the problem,” I interrupted.
“Wait, let me finish.  I agree with you but then I read that those anti-bacterial liquid soaps are bad for kids because they don’t get exposed to enough bacteria and never develop resistance to them.  So, for Adam’s sake, I use bar soap.”
“More dirt, germs and bacteria for the kid? – I’m ok with that.”
“Good.”
“Ok, now it’s my turn…..” I said.
“We’re taking turns?  I hate taking turns.”
“So, my turn: How do you pronounce the word,” and here I spelled it for her, so as not to give the correct pronunciation away ‘n’-‘i’-‘c’-‘h’-‘e’.
“A niche?”  She said it like it rhymed with snitch, with a short ‘i’.  It was like having two mosquitoes with chain saws, sawing away at my ears.
“Well, how would you pronounce the word ‘f’ -‘i’-‘c’-‘h’-‘e’?” I asked her.  She pronounced it correctly.
“Exactly, it’s ‘eeesh’ just like niche.  That’s how the French do it and they should know, it’s their language, non?”
“Neesh, Neesh,” she repeated as she wrote something down.  “I’ll remember that – this is good!  We’re learning so much about each other. How do you feel about milk chocolate?”
“That’s an oxymoron. We’re dealing with two distinct issues here.  Chocolate is wonderful.  Milk is distasteful.
“You don’t like milk?”  She smiled at the empathic waves that flowed through us.  “Excellent. How do you feel about children?”
“You mean real children or children on television?”
“I mean Adam.”
“I love that little guy to pieces and I’ll try to get over my fear of being intimate with children. How does it make you feel when you go into the bathroom and the toilet seat is up?”
“That doesn’t bother me at all.  I mean, why do some women get so pissed off when men don’t return the toilet seat?  It’s like, ok for men to touch the germ infested toilet seats but not women?  That smacks of some retro-attitude, like women are too delicate and pure to get their hands dirty.”
“I love the fact that you’re so sensible.”
We kissed and rubbed noses

“You don’t jog do you?” I asked her.
“I hate jogging,” she said with a shudder.
“What are your feelings about ultimate Frisbee?”
“Totally weird.  Definitely not a sport – more like a nervous tic that afflicts a group of people simultaneously.”
“Be more specific.”
“A nervous tic that afflicts a group of miscreants simultaneously.”
“So I can assume from that you don’t like hacky-sack?”
“Same game different projectile.”
“This is great, we’re really on the same page here. I’m amazed at how much we have in common.  I mean I didn’t think there’d be anything.”
“Why would you want to date someone you had nothing in common with?”
“Sex.”
“Oh, yeah, I forgot.”
“I mean, more specifically, make-up sex.”
“This is Good!” Maria said yet again.  The more she said ‘this is good,’ the more doubts I had.  “I like this, we’ve made a really good start,” she continued.  “But now that you’ve brought up sex, I think we should crank it up a notch and bring it to another level of intimacy.  So, don’t get grossed out.  Talk to me about nose picking.”
“What has that got to do with sex?”
“Just answer the question, please.”
“Well, I do it, of course.”
“Everybody does it, the point is when do you do it and how do you feel about it.”
“Well, I enjoy doing it but I would consider it shameful to do it in front of someone else.”
“Sort of like fellatio or cunnilingus, you wouldn’t want someone else to see you doing it.”
“I wouldn’t go that far, actually I think it’d be kind of hot having somebody watch me as I’m going down on you.”  I then began putting the moves on her and our tongues began wagging in each other’s mouths.  She then put both hands on my chest and pushed me away; she has her mother’s strength.
“Wait, let’s stop doing this,” she said.  “We really need to talk and I don’t want us to take the easy way out by using sex as an escape hatch from our problems.”
“What problems?”
“I mean issues; we both have issues, everybody does.”
“My only issue with you right now is that you’re not naked and writhing in steamy sweat all over my body.” Reader, she soon was.



Chapter XXV: Le Fin


I often used to day-dream of that party I’d have in which I am reconciled and fallen back in with all those former friends and lovers and family members who have withdrawn or been rejected from my life.  It was imagined as a bigger than life Great Gatsby party on cascading lawns that billow to the sea.  The lawns are green, the sea gray, the sky pillowy white clouds on a field of blue and all the colors signify something, like purity, corruption, American expansiveness, etc. I’d view it all from atop a terrace; watching children run in circles around the legs of adults and then genuflect lazily while they grip the cloth of beautiful dresses and bespoke trousers.  I’d smile and tip my head, nod it approvingly and close my eyes as I tilt it back to mimic the ascent of the sun in the sky.
But even day-dreams aren’t impervious to time, which adds another ripple to the denouement, this genteel tableau.  For inevitably the party breaks up, as parties must, and I wander back to the porch, the lights of its high Palladian windows catch little yokey glimmers from the setting sun. The porch, I note, is always trapping bees that get waylaid in their travels.  I pity the stubbornness of drones programmed for one purpose; they keep butting their little heads against the domestic order of glass set in a window frame. I consider what perfectly invisible impediments to greater mobility our homes are.  And then a thought wings me sharply – my house, my grand house, is a pity.
But houses can’t stop the movement of affections, their coming and going.  My life now seems breezy and relationships the air that constitutes it, blowing me onward, taking me far from where I started.  Today one might be sleeping with yesterday’s nemesis, tomorrow might see your best friend no longer friendly.  It’s surprising how lost the events of yesterday could become and how the passage of a few days could seem like years.
Maria and Adam are all the party I need right now and loving them has helped me rekindle that love I’d once had for all those people I’ll never see again and the love I might have had for all those people I’ll never get to know.
I think about the spores of culture blowing across the globe, dropping seed and taking root in the most improbable of places – mansard roofs and rubber trees, fluted columns on dog houses, pidgin English spoken through Palladian windows, Korean karaoke in tapas bars in Boston.  Culture all gone to seed and happily so, blowing in the wind, freed of its weight, giddy in its display, snubbing the problematic.
I marvel at the pack rat palaces of this city, heaped with all the deposits of debris the wuthering heights have adorned them with. There are enough Corinthian capitals (7 out of 10 19th century San Franciscans chose Corinthian over the other leading orders) in San Francisco to adorn the columns of all the temples of the ancient Hellenistic world.  In the Haight-Ashbury alone, it has been shown, there are enough columns to furnish the Acropolis three times over.
San Francisco, I discovered, doesn’t need to be conquered: it is a city that waits for you on its knees, a city that becomes a willing prisoner.  Still, battle had been done - a cost is paid when hearts and minds collide, when a being wars against itself.  I would measure my failure in degrees of separation, my success in a coalescence of thought and action.  When I examine the wastes left behind, they are merely heaps of small things.  The smallest viruses, those invisible, insidious things, can kill a perfect host and destroy a whole populous of good health and good feeling.
A builder of card houses, I hold my breath and stare at the fragile city with its plasticene cornices and curved panes of glass. Sometimes a mere breath, a single gesture can shatter alliances, break down: on leaving – and one must prepare for the leaving, as one drills for disasters – one must be careful, so as not to disrupt those unstable plates of earth, the pile of dirty dishes that San Francisco sits upon.
Sometimes when I’m doing errands around town, I notice how many people there are out in the streets and consider how many more there are inside that I can’t see and that it’s like this in every neighborhood I go through. And if the population of the whole world were only this big, I still wouldn’t have time to know all these people.  What if I toured the world with the express purpose of touching as many lives as possible for some new world record for human contact?  Is it physically possible to press the flesh of even a billion people in one lifetime?
When you think of all that goes on inside your head and then multiply that by six billion – Wow!  I thought there were only two billion people, that’s what I get for not periodically updating my set of the Encyclopedia Britannica. I was surprised when I learned in 1978 of India’s independence.  I considered writing a letter of condolence to the British consul.
Of course not everyone has that much going on inside their head.  I once worked with a guy who would sometimes share confidences that were below my level of interest.  He came to me one day and said,  “I just had the weirdest day yesterday.  I was having these conversations with myself in my head, I mean I was actually talking to myself!  And the most amazing thing was – I was responding!  To my own comments!  Isn’t that crazy?”
“It’s called consciousness, Bob.”
“No, I’m almost sure it wasn’t consciousness.  Oh, God, I hope I don’t have a brain tumor or something.”

