TIME BEFORE THE WOLF

R.R. Turock

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012 R.R. Turock

Discover other titles by R.R. Turock at Smashwords.com: R.R. Turock

Smashwords Edition, License Notes.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Special thanks to Victoria


Table of Contents
Prologue
Part 1: Howl
Chapter 1: Thanks to the Crown
Chapter 2: I Learn Slowly
Chapter 3: Mistake
Chapter 4: Early Moonrise
Part 2: Run
Chapter 5: Bequest of a Prince
Chapter 6: Eyes to See
Chapter 7: Friend or Foe?
Chapter 8: Only One
Chapter 9: Rights and Wrongs
Chapter 10: Ends
Part 3: Hunt
Chapter 11: Together Forever
Chapter 12: Help
Chapter 13: Eternity
Part 4: Fight
Chapter 14: Wants, Fears, and Winners
Chapter 15: Overwhelming Feelings
Chapter 16: Love and Life-Learned Lessons
Chapter 17: Forever and Evermore
Epilogue
About the Author
Author Notes
Other Books
Coming Soon
Connect with Me


Prologue
Once upon a time, a little girl met a wolf…
The wolf spoke to her, saying, “I have come before and asked this of your grandfather and father before you. Will you take the path of gold that turns to coal or the path of needles that turns to flowers? At the end of the path of gold, they will make a statue of you in your glory…”
The little girl responded, asking, “What lies at the end of the path of needles?”
The wolf’s lips spread in a grin. “Me.”



Part 1: Howl
 
Chapter 1: Thanks to the Crown
Sitting cross-legged in the saddle, I leaned on my elbows, sighing loudly. “Karrazard is as beautiful as I remember her.”
The horizon framed the city—Karrazard—beautifully, making me nostalgic. Father looked over his shoulder from the mare’s saddle. Age wrinkled at the corners of his eyes as he chided me. “We still have at least a full day’s travel to get there, so stop fantasizing.”
Sighing again, I stood on the saddle, spinning around gracefully, watching the evening sky twirl above me. Malec shook his head, reaching over and patting Father’s shoulder. “She’s truly ‘er pa’s daughter.” Laughing, his head bobbed as he continued. “Ah, we can return home. Ya said ya found an heir, didn’t ya?”
I interrupted, not looking at them. “Father says it’s confidential. We can’t reveal the heir until the Feast. Isn’t that right, Father?”
Malec pulled his horse closer to me, querying. “Do ya know who he chose?”
I leaned down to answer, but Father scoffed loudly. “Do you think I’d tell an irresponsible child like her?” His hands grazed the bag containing his worn, wooden pipe. “No, it will be a surprise for everyone.” 
Sliding back into the fabric saddle, I pouted, arms crossed. “But you taught me the song, so why not the heir?”
Shaking his head again, Malec took his turn chiding me. “That’s dead man’s knowledge. I'd not go spreading the word about it, Missy. Piper or not, people'd kill to get that information, especially that song.” 
A grin tugged at my lips. I knew that much, but it wasn’t something I wanted to hide. I didn’t want to be ashamed, I wanted to share the song with pride. I bit my lip from mentioning that part. Father kept the song a secret his whole life.
Even in exile, his special knowledge of the song permitted him to choose the next heir of Karrazard. I turned around in the saddle and leaned back against the mare's neck. The sun was growing dimmer in the west and the night was growing darker. A feeling twanged in my heart.
Making a fist, I pounded above my heart to be rid of the unsettling feeling. I should feel excited, not terrified, anxious, or paranoid. That was Father’s job. Not mine. I whispered under my breath. “Everything’s going to be alright, right, Father?”
I felt a handclasp mine. Glancing over, I realized Father had fallen back to pace beside me and now looked straight into my eyes. He whispered back gently. “Are you scared?”
I smiled brightly, lying. “No. You?”
He looked ahead, his eyes search the starch air for something on the horizon. “Yes, but fear is just another tool to win. Fear should be an inspiration to do frightening things, not a burden to the brave. Remember that, Piper. Imagine you are a wolf. Wolves simplify everything. You can have the heart of the winner or the loser, and fear is the deciding factor. It determines just how far you will go.” 
Easy for you to say, Father, you’re always brave. I scoffed and pulled my hand away from his, rolling off the horse. Landing on my feet, I played with the reins. Besides, every lesson feels like the last. “No more lessons tonight, Father.” 
His expression tightened into a scowl. Patting the horse, I closed my eyes. Malec tapped my shoulder. “We’ll arrive just in time for the late-day parade. Even the king'll be paradin' through the streets. How about we's put up a show? All the boys‘ve all been itchin’ to perform, and from ya stunt there, so have ya. What do ya say?” 
I shrugged. “Why not? Just a light show, though. I think it would be nice to have some fresh cash for the crew.”
Malec’s dry lips pressed into a smile. “Atta girl, Missy. I thought ya might agree.” 
I smiled mischievously. “But then explain to me something.” 
Immediately Malec’s expression dropped. “Explain what?” 
Glancing up at the sky one more time, I sighed. “What if Father chooses not to make an appearance on the Feast of Harmony? What would the King do then? Shouldn’t he be afraid of exiling his one and only son?” 
Swallowing, Malec combed through his hair nervously. “There’s many waitin’ to be the next king, Missy. If ya pa doesn’t show up and announce his heir, then one of the two noble family heirs will be king. However, if neither knows the Piper’s song by the Feast, then the crown of the King goes to the next legitimate heir, the Prime Minister, ya see?” 
Waving him off, I scratched my head. “Yeah, no, not really. Don’t worry, it's not like I really care anyway. Once we announce the heir—"
Father interrupted me harshly. "We? No, Piper. I want you in the crowds, hidden with the rest of the crew when I make the announcement.” Waving his hand with certainty, Father shook his head. “The Prime Minister will be furious after that. I don't want you caught in crossfire."
Malec nodded wisely, stroking his bristly beard. "He's a'right. The Prime Minister already has a grudge against ya pa, so there’ll likely be some aftamath. The family 'ers are on the Minister's hook, like fish from the river. They'll put up a tough fight too."
I scowled. "You just don't want to do any work, do you, Malec?"
Malec paled at the accusation. In his defense, he whined to Father. "Look there, she 'as no respe't for me. I'm practically 'er uncle! Look 'ere girl, who gave ya baths when ya were a small thing? Huh?"
Scoffing, I turned away. “Don’t remind me. I don’t want any nightmares.” 
Obscured by evening shadows, large, distant silhouette appeared out of nowhere. Like a swarm of bees—with a less attractive sound of grunts and battle cries—the silhouette approached so quickly my warning faltered. Father caught my hand and yanked me to his horse. 
His voice rose to warn the caravan. “Raiders!” 
My mind raced a thousand miles as I mounted his horse after Father, riding away from the group. Malec and the crew angled from us, intending to split the raiders. 
Wait, raiders? So close to the city? Since when had that ever happened? How come I hadn’t seen them earlier? Braiding my fingers tighter together around Father’s waist, I summoned up the little courage in me to look over my shoulder. 
I blinked several times. I couldn’t believe it. Fear surged my mind even as a buried my face in the safety of Father’s back. The bulk of the raiders were swarming after us. Just the two of us. 
Not even Malec’s ploy to split the group had worked. I feel the exhaustion of the desert air slowing my sweet, show-performing mare. The sound of thundering, arid-weathered hooves pounded closer to us. What do we have that they want? What?
A heavy, fully muscled, sweaty body crashed into us, pushing all of us off the horse and into the sand. We quickly recovered, jumping sorely to our feet. The raiders trampled in circles around us, forcing us back-to-back, preventing escape. 
Having a closer look at them, I noted the dark clothing and veils. Father carefully unsheathed his heavy iron sword. Swallowing nervously, I spun my twin daggers out of my leg bindings and into hand. Customarily, I juggled or balanced the pair on my fingertips, and on some occasions, I tossed them with well-practiced accuracy at targets, but today I reserved to tightly holding them. 
The raider who had tumbled into us now stood, sword ready, facing Father. Like an alpha wolf going for the throat, the raider charged. Father easily parried the attack with his lighter blade, returning it with a dual swings attack, one swinging emptily at the legs to scare the raider into a lower defense and then slicing up the suddenly unprotected chest. The attacker collapsed backwards as two fresh raiders replaced him. 
Working as a team, the fighters moved simultaneously, unanimously, and symmetrically. Swords clashed and Father spun just barely out of the way. The duo sliced from opposite directions. He stopped one blade as the other slid over Father’s forearm. That was my signal. I scoffed. “It’s time I change.”
Moving in a fluid motion, I took the vanguard position in front of Father and slipped between the duo. In equal motion, they swung their blades at my legs. Using their shoulders as stilts, I heaved myself up to safety. Maintaining my momentum, I pulled myself around the attacker to my right, hooking my leg over his head with a grappling technique. My weight, not as light as I’d like, overturned him. 
Taking the opportunity, Father reentered the fight, flipping the partner over his shoulder and onto the raiders’ back, out of breath. We returned to being back to back. More confident, I lifted my chin. 
Fatigue licked my lips, leaving me dry and weak. The long day was taking its toll at an unpleasant time. The labored breaths of Father worried me, as the raiders smirk. This was a well-orchestrated fight with well-practiced men, advantageous for them. This time all the men closed on us with their spears.
Realizing the danger a moment before me, Father pulled me down, covering over me as a human shield. He winced as two spears cleaved his shoulders. His blood drizzled down on my face. Suddenly the raiders backed up. I could hear hollers from Malec and the crew. Father collapsed beside me, cringing in pain. Malec knelt beside us as our circus crew chased off the raiders. 
Grimacing, Malec spoke up. “Ya not mortally wounded, but it could get infected if we don’t have it treated soon. We outta hurry.” 
Father grinned, waving me off. “What’s with such a sour look, Piper? I’m not dead yet. Help me up.” 
I wanted to ask, but my mouth shut tight. Why were they after us? Were they even real raiders? Tucking my shoulder under his arm and Malec doing the same, we pulled Father to his feet. Looking up, I spotted the caravan and up ahead, the city far past that. Patting Father softly, I noted. “Karrazard is as far away as I remember, isn’t it?”


Chapter 2: I Learn Slowly
The walk back to the rest of the caravan moved slowly. Father sagged between Malec and me, silent as the dead. I tried to laugh softly, making a joke with no results—aside of a condemning glance from Malec. I looked down out my feet, submitting to the chilling silence. The night was fading as we arrive alongside the caravan. 
A crewmember helped retrieve the stretcher we used for injured performers. Yes, that was it, Father was just like an injured performer. Everything was going to be all right, right Father? 
The crew restrained their condolences to brief nods of understanding. Although my Father wasn’t a performer himself, they considered him a part of the crew. I held his hand as we traveled. 
Finally, Father weakly broke the quiet. “You agreed to perform with Malec after the parade, correct little Piper?”
I scowled. “Little? I haven’t been little for a long time now, Father.” Grinning, I mentioned. “Did you see me fight? I was great, just like in the show, dancing around those guys! They didn’t know what hit them!” 
Chiding me, he patted my hand with disgust. “You call that a performance? You were clumsy as ever. And if I wasn’t there, the second fighter would have buried you in the sand. They didn’t know what hit them when they saw such pathetic fighting. I am so ashamed; you better never enter in another fight, alright?” 
I waved him off. “Fine, whatever. I still think I was pretty cool. I mean, really, isn’t it great to have your daughter come to your rescue?” 
Father playfully scowled, crossing his arms. “Whatever? Tsk, tsk, what kind of daughter did I raise?” 
Malec chimed in. “Ah, a very disrespectful one, I’ll tell ya that.” 
Pouting, I crossed my arms. “You guys are so mean. I’m telling Mother when we get home. She’s going to be very cross with the both of you!” 
Father’s tense face relaxed as he listened. “Ah, that is what I was going to mention. If you do perform, keep an eye out for your mother. After I pay a little visit to the medical guild, we will search for her.” 
Still grumpy, I retorted stubbornly. “You’re not going to watch me perform?” 
Father grinned widely, comfortingly holding my hand. “You know I will always watch over you, Piper.” 
I grumbled under my breath. “You didn’t have to answer so seriously.” I shrugged. “I’d rather you be healed than watch anyway.” 
Father’s grin turned to a soft smile. Remembering something, he looked from Malec to me. “Have you decided what you are going to perform?” 
Malec shook his head and glanced disapprovingly at me. “Ya very irresponsible daughter was supposed to come up with the plan. From the look of it, I don’t think she even gave it a smatterin’ thought at all.”
My Father shook his head in mock disapproval. “Tsk, tsk. Is this how I raised you? Ah, I am feeling so ashamed.” 
I sighed. “It’s not easy to make you two happy, is it? Alright, alright, I’ll think up a good performance.” 
Father winced, holding his wound. Both Malec and I reached for him but he swiped us aside, shaking his head. “I am fine. It looks like I will need a long break from fighting." Changing the subject, he addressed me. "For the performance, I want you to include your wolf mask.” 
I looked up in thought. “Wolf? Why my wolf mask? Most people in the desert haven’t even heard of a wolf, maybe not even coyotes. If you want a predator, how about a crocodile, like the ones in the river that passes through Karrazard?” 
He shook his head. “It is important that it is a wolf because Karrazard only knows the bad side of wolves. Wolves like the Prime Minister. With our return home, I want to bring a new kind of understanding. The wolf is a familial creature. Its love is intense and protective, as if I want the heir to the throne to be, as well as those who will support the heir to be. Do you remember the first time we entered the northern lands?” 
I nodded at the memory of the lush forests. “We heard howling. It was amazing, although a little unnerving.” 
Father consented. “It was a beautiful ballad to the moon. You are still young, Piper, but I want you to convey the meaning of the wolf’s howl. Know that the wolf’s world is simply the simplified world of humans. For a wolf to win, it simply means he had the heart of a winner. To lose, he had the heart of a loser. Chin up and always look ahead, like you're the winner. Never look behind you or down, understand?” 
Grumbling with discontent, I submitted to the lesson. “Understood. Wolf this, wolf that. I’ll put it in the performance, so you don’t need to pester me about it anymore. You should be a teacher, because then you can lecture all your student’s ears off and leave mine intact.” 
Father sighed in pain, but grinned softly at my comments. “Bring me my pipe. I would like to see it for a moment.” 
Having strapped the beaten leather bag to myself, I pulled it out. Worn and battered, I grimaced at the thought of ever putting it to my lips. Handing it to him, Father systematically traced the symbols over it, passing over the scratches and scars without notice. I spoke up. “What’s so important about it anyways?” 
Malec interrupted me. “Ya didn’t know either? I’d thought ya asked before.” 
I shook my head. “He doesn’t normally tell me things like this.” 
Chuckling, Father answered. “This pipe is a family heirloom. Every prince has played it at the festival when announcing their heirs. I am very lucky that your grandfather let me keep this in my exile.” 
My face contorted in disgust at the mental image of just how old the pipe was. “You mean my grandparent’s grandparent’s grandparents put their mouth on that? Gross. Please tell me I will never ever have to do that.” Father looked at a Malec and both burst out laughing heartily. I smiled to myself, but crossed my arms again. “What’s so funny?” 
Father replied, still laughing. “Piper, this pipe is a privilege to play, not “gross”. It is my most prized object.” 
Glancing at the rising sun, I interjected. “Aside of me, right?” 
 The caravan moved steadily on, taking us safely home. 


Chapter 3: Mistake
Father had already fallen asleep at noon and rested soundly even through the evening. Which left the crew mumbling among one another in worry. I tried to concentrate on creating the performance but my eyes kept scanning the horizon for raiders. None appeared. 
More concerning, Malec had glanced my way several times already but didn’t say anything. The uneasiness had resettled in my chest, leaving me anxious and irritable. Or perhaps the lack of sleep made me paranoid. 
Malec glanced in my direction again. This time I didn’t contain myself, hissing under my breath so not to wake Father. “What is it, Malec?” 
He cleared his voice and whispered back in his harsh, gruff voice, which ruined the meaning of a whisper. “I’ve been thinkin’.” 
I jeered in my annoyance. “Oh, no, you have me scared already.” 
Malec growled at my joke, his face tense. “I’m serious, Missy. I think the raiders are Deion’s men.” 
My eyes narrowed. I had the same thought. “The Prime Minister’s men? What makes you say that?” 
He crossed his arms. “This is like what he did to chase ya pa out of Karrazard in the first place. Ya know.” More quietly, he noted. “Like what he dun to ya ma.”
I cringed. “What’s he after?” 
Malec swapped me over the head. “What do ya think? If ya pa don’t show up to the Feast of Harmony, he’s gonna be king. That’s why he tricked the King to exile ya pa in the first place. He’ll do anythin’ to get that crown.” 
I bit my lip in frustration. “What’s so great about being a king anyway?” 
Malec shrugged. “What’s so great about being a servant?” 
I heaved out a breath. “God’s on a servant’s side. If you take the crown in a bad way, he’ll strike him down.” 
Malec smiled. “At least ya got somethin’ right, Missy.” 
Father mumbled in his sleep, grasping the pipe tightly. “Ballad to the moon….” 
Silence fell between us. Although the sound of a howl was almost heartbreaking when I first heard it, joined by others, it was beautiful. It sounded like the Piper’s Song. And when I saw them, the wolves looked so happy singing their song. A song Father would give his heir to sing before the King. A song he shared with me. A song we both protected. 
Although I would never tell Father, I wanted to share the song with everyone. If everyone knew the song, we could sing it together on the Feast of Harmony. Everyone could play their array of instruments, and the children could dance as I did when I first heard it. Just like the wolves. Just like a family. 
A sound less pleasant resounded in my ear, fear pressing in me. The raiders were back. No, Deion’s men were back, charging full speed on their horses. The crew braced their weapons, but the performers were nothing against trained soldiers. The caravan scattered again, leaving us few to face the numerous pack of attackers. 
Father was awake, sliding off the stretcher. He stood in front of me as Malec tossed him his sword. One handily, Father braced for an attack as the raiders closed in. 
I scoffed. “It’s time I change.” More determined this time, I moved around Father, striking first. With ease, I stepped around the fighter’s attacks, slicing up his clothes. My blades ineffectively scratched at the armor under his clothes. 
I could have sworn the raider smirked under his mask before he initiated round two between us. Watching his movements carefully, I parried his every attack. I made rough estimates at where there would be breaks in his armor. Adrenaline pumped in my veins, making me realize just how sweaty and warm I felt. 
That pause was all that was necessary to open me up and the raider wasted no time. Father slipped in between us, paring of the attacker's blade with his own. Spinning around, Father went for a head shot with the hilt of his sword. 
My mind registered the movement with horror. A mistake. A terrible mistake. The merciful blow to the head had open up Father and a second attacker gouged him. My legs wouldn’t move fast enough time moved to slow for me to do anything except catch Father as he fell. 
The pipe flew from his hand and crashed among the raiders. Without hesitation, they retrieved their prize, mounting the ready steeds. Slicing emptily at them, Malec swung threateningly as they vanished into the night. 
 

Chapter 4: Early Moonrise
Blood wouldn’t stop running through my fingers. The wound went through his stomach all the way to his spine. I felt lightheaded and nauseous from the smell of iron. I tried to wipe my hair out of my eyes, wiping the scarlet liquid over my face. 
Coughing up the blood, Father, tried to smile, reaching up his hand to wipe aside my tears. Grabbing it quickly, I put it to my face. He tried to speak but only coughed harder. Finally, the words cleared in my mind, as he whispered. “Y—you are a horrible…fighter; didn’t I already tell you that? I—I want you to announce the heir…” 
I shook my head indignantly. “I don’t know who you chose. You have to do it.” 
Father grinned gently. “You will know…if you don’t know already, so…no tears…in…the desert…” 
My tears splattered on his face, smudging the blood there. I muttered angrily. “I don’t want to. You do it.” 
His chuckle came out as harsh spatters of blood, spraying over my clothes. “I—Irresponsible child... You h—have to be strong…” Father’s eyes suddenly looked past me to the east horizon, just past Karrazard. The almost-full moon rose silver there. “T—the ballad to the moon…isn’t moon so beautiful, little piper? On t—t—the Feast, it will… be… fully… beautiful… little… one…” 
His eyes remained focused on the moon, eternally. They glazed over, and his body went limp in my arms. Blood dripped from the corner of his mouth and on the sand. I couldn’t breathe. The air was stifling. The tears stung as they trailed down my burning cheeks. Screams weld in my ears but nothing came out of my dry throat. 
My fingers dug into my skull, ripping at my hair. A scream left my mouth, piercing the sky, painfully sharp. Fear was rooted in my heart, but rage flooded over it. Like a wild fire, it tore at me. The pain rung in my mind, everything flooded me at the same time. I couldn’t even hear Malec’s words as he was trying to calm me or maybe he was trying to comfort me. 
It felt like years before exhaustion smashed into me and I calmed, taking in everything. I didn’t even realize that Malec had taken Father’s body and wrapped it in blankets already. I sat, fatigued, in the sand, arms tightened around my knees. The caravan had moved past, but my crew had stayed behind. They were in tears as well, mourning Father. Or perhaps they were mourning for me. 
Malec took my hand in his, wiping the blood off. “Let’s go, put ‘em next to da river, alright, Missy? Then we'll find ya ma and tell 'er.” 
I nodded numbly. My throat was too dry to speak. 
He smiled grimly. “Let’s clean up. Then figure what to do from there, alright.” 
This time I shook my head, taking a sip of water. I answered, hands curling into fists. “No, I know what to do.” 
Nervously, Malec queried. “What’s that, Missy?” 
I stood, resolute. “Do what Father told me to do.” 
He stood up, looking at me, concern written in his brows. “How do we do that?” 
My teeth clenched. “Wait and see.” 
Malec whispered a gently as he could, his hand resting on my shoulder. “Ya know ya not alone, right, Missy?” 
I turned to him, holding his hand in mine, as well as glancing over the crew. “That’s why I can do this. I could never make it without you or the crew. Will you help me?” 
Everyone nodded unanimously, consenting. Malec asked me more confidently. “What do ya have in mind?” 
I grinned, a new light lit in my eyes. “We keep with the plan to perform after the parade. I’ve come up with a perfect performance.”



Part 2: Run
 
Chapter 5: Bequest of the Prince
The sound of the drums rung in my ribcage as the parade neared our side of Karrazard. Faster than calm but slower than panicked, the drumbeat matched the pace of my pounding heart. The sight of the parade struck awe in me. 
Murmurs passed through the crowds as the pavilion and its escorts ceremonially came down the market street. I spotted my crew members embedded in the crowds. Everyone’s eyes reflected the astounding beauty of the parade. 
The scarlet and gold drapes hung over the carved details on the rich oak wood. The carriers of the pavilion each wore gold breastplates over dark, bare chests, wearing red tongs. White hoods covered faces painted white and pastel details tattooed any visible skin. The escorts on horses leading the pavilion were no exception to the elaborate decorations. 
Most embellished with ceremony was the leading figure of the royal parade. The rider wore a massive iron helmet painted white with gold rims and his robes were garnished crimson velvet and gold trimmings. He wore gold boots with red details. Time alone, however, decorated his face with his accomplishments and victories. 
Pulling the grinning wolf mask over my face, I whisper to my Malec, who had moved beside me. “Is that him?” 
Face tense with anxiety, Malec nodded briefly, pulling the grimacing elk mask on. I sucked in a breath, weaving through the crowds, making it to the edge. They were approaching us, almost here. I secured the wolf mask, sweating under the grey pelt. One. Two. Three. 
I rolled into the street, making a dance motion before the parade, halting it in all its glory. Our practice showed as the crew joined me with carefully decided movements. Although simple—since we hadn’t much time to learn it—the movements were the demonstration of a wolf’s hunt. I chased other elk-masked crewmembers, making flashy motions. 
In their hands, two other wolf-masked members spun strings of vibrant colors. With each elk caught, I danced around them with my posse and their colorful strings. The elk then reverted to a wolf and followed us in the chase. Then, with each round, one crewmember disappeared in the crowds. 
The play demonstrated my resolve. Where I was once weak prey, I am now a dangerous predator. I was a wolf. As much as I could howl, I would run in furious chase. I would catch and destroy my every enemy.
 In the corner of my eyes, as I watched as two horse riders—each embedded with his own family crest—and the rest of the pavilion move up to see why the parade had stopped. The two equestrians seemed confused, glancing at one another in suspicion. However, the King kept a steady eye on our skit, a curiosity lit in his face. 
Distracted, the children in the crowds whooped and laughed in awe of our skit. Alas, Malec was the last to fall and at his moment of demise I spun around to kneel to the King’s pavilion solely, ignoring the crested equestrians and the Prime Minister, Deion. I would kneel only before my grandfather, the sole highest power in Karrazard, under God's mighty domain. 
 Still catching my breath, I paused as the King addressed me. His voice sounded ancient, matching his whitebeard. “Rise and remove your mask, performer. What is this? Who are you?” 
I stood, sliding the mask off, allowing Malec to grab it and recede out of sight. The rest of my crew had vanished completely, like planned. There was no need to endanger them. I straightened myself, lifting my chin. The crowds murmured at the fact I was a woman, as did both the equestrians. Deion only stared silently at me, guessing at who I was.
 I restrained a grin to the best of my ability. My voice echoed as the streets fell silent. “I am Piper C’lyris Kaleng, the daughter of the exiled prince, here to declare our arrival. I know the Piper’s Song and I will be the one to announce the next heir to Karrazard’s throne. Although I don’t need it, I would like your approval, your highness.” 
Eyes inflamed, Deion reared his horse, hooves rising over me. “Insolence! How dare you address the King in that manner?!” 
I raised my chin so my eyes met his in defiance. “And who are you to chide the Prince’s daughter, petty thief?” 
The crowds gasped at my words. One of the equestrians, whose crest held a hawk with outreached claws literarily choked with surprise. The second equestrian, wearing the crest of a horse rearing up on its back legs, smirked gleefully.
The King spoke up, stroking his lengthy beard. “And my son, will he be attending the Feast of Harmony?” 
I let the grin spread, he did promise to be there for me. “Don’t worry, he will be there. After all, he chose the heir, I’m just telling the world about it and nothing will stop me.” 
 Deion called out to his guards. “Catch this liar and discipline her, now!” 


Chapter 6: Eyes to See
The threat ingrained itself in my mind, urging me onward. I would reveal every foul act of Deion and then destroy it, starting today. 
But first, I needed to escape, without injury preferably. The ironclad, horse-crested man remarked to his fellow equestrian. “Whoever catches her can gets the song, right?” 
Grinning, I spun around on my heels, veiling my face with my scarf as I did. The crowds spread out, letting me past as my pursuers trampled after me. The route I had planned was excellent, so the only concern was that I was faster than the equestrians were. 
As I maneuvered around the corner, I ran across two soldiers. Each held his rusty iron spear so directly, I had to backtrack. The crowds in the streets had flooded to see the commotion. In the corner of my eye, I spotted an elderly woman with a broom. 
Without hesitation, I snatched the broom winking at her, "I'm just borrowing this." and brought it down on the points of the spears, flattening them to the ground. Freeing the opening, I rolled between the two soldiers, who both grasped at me but failed to catch. The hair on the back of my neck rose and I dodge barely in time as an arrow hit the ground where I had stood.
It was unlike any arrow I had seen before. It had punctured the hardened ground, its steel body still quivering. Glancing up at the roof of the steep building, I spotted the hawk-crested man, knotting another arrow. 
The voice of the horse-crested man chided the archer. “Do you want to kill her, you nimrod? Watch how catching is done.”
I watched as the horse-crested man, having removed his decorative ironclad, descend from the roof with grace. Looking around for escape, I glanced at the mud-made walls of the buildings around me. The wooden braces for the buildings protruded out as poles. As the horse-crested man made his way down, I started my way up on the opposite side. Grabbing at every crevasse and pole, I moved up quickly. 
The horse-crested man clawed for my foot but was a moment too late. I crawled my way up, remembering the shows we had put on that dealt with wall climbing. Since I was always the lightest in weight, it was always my job to do the climbing. Only now am I grateful for the experience. The horse-crested man was fast, and I barely made it to the roof in time. As he made it up, I gave his head a swift kick. With ease, he dodged my attack by dropping and reattaching to the wall halfway down. 
The hair on the back of my neck started to rise again. I looked across the roof, spotting the hawk-crested man training his arrow on me. I told myself it was harder to hit a moving object and started a sprint to the end of the building, locating just where I was and where I should have been.
To my left was the massive spherical palace, and to my right the smokestacks of the iron-melting kilns. Having grown up here, I was familiar with both places. The rise of the smoke from the iron-kilns brought back nostalgic feelings. 
Shaking my head, I concentrated. The river was the guide to my home and that was behind me. Unfortunately, it led toward the iron-kiln field, which was in the direction the archer stood, aiming his powerful arrows. Trying to keep from cursing at my luck, I turned around, sprinting for the archer. I watched as he tumbled back in surprise, the knotted arrow falling out of place. 
Just emerging onto the roof, the horse-crested man rose in my way, equally surprised to see me sprinting in his direction. Instantly, he ducked. Without pausing, I leapt off our edge of the roof and landed in a roll on the other side, rolling to my feet and continuing the run. Don’t look back and don’t look down, understand? 
I ran along the edge of the building, glancing down at the river flowing through the city. I was almost there. The archer was quick on his feet and I could feel him just behind me. Going for a surprise attack, I followed the movement my Father had made. Taking the hilt of my dagger, I smashed it across his face. 
Something about his face brought vague familiarity. Gold-eyed, with a smooth face, his tense expression brought back the memory. He was Diomedes, the heir and head of the Wing family and more importantly, my childhood friend. Friendship aside, I had pushed him off the roof and into the river. Had memory served, he couldn’t swim. 
My heart clenched painfully. Without consent from my mind, I dived off the roof and into the river. Closer to the kiln field, the river water was much deeper. Water flooded me, blinding me briefly. In the desert heat and after the chase, it felt refreshing—aside of the sudden inability to breathe. 
Pushing past the need for air, I pressed my eyes open. I spotted Diomedes sinking limply, eyes shut. I caught his hand, trying to heave him to the surface. Water filled my throat forcing me to lose concentration and sink. 
With the last drop of iron strength, the strength it had taken to dig Father’s grave, the strength it took to run, the strength it will take to give the song to the heir, I pulled Diomedes to the surface. We were just children when we were friends. He probably didn’t even remember that. 
He hadn’t known I was the prince’s daughter then. He had been my close compatriot. Perhaps he could even swim now, I reasoned with myself. I had knocked him unconscious. I don't want to be responsible for taking the only heir to the Wing family.
The horse-crested man would find me in no time because of this. If my plans failed, it was my fault. It was entirely my fault. If I was a son, if I had been born a boy, none of this would have happened. I would have been stronger, faster, I would be the heir. They would have never exiled Father. If they catch me, I will never redeem myself. 
Yanking him on the muddy shore, I collapsed next to him. In my attempts to breathe, I sputtered several cups worth of water. Recovering as quickly as I could, I rolled over to check on Diomedes. I put my fingers over his mouth and nose, checking for breath. As I did, he choked back to life, water spraying from his mouth. 
I had to leave. I was wasting time. The horse-crested man should have caught up with me by now. I glanced around; the evening prevented me from seeing into the shadows. And from the alleyways down here, I couldn’t see the roofs of the houses as he would be able to see me. How could he have not caught up with me yet?
Still coughing, Diomedes looked at me in confusion. His eyes begged questions he couldn’t yet ask. I scowled, standing up. If he had a better memory, if he just looked carefully before, he wouldn’t have chased me and I wouldn’t have forced him off the roof. In annoyance, I kicked his shoulder stiffly. It hurt to hit his leather covered iron shoulder protectors. Growling to myself, I turned away. I had better things to do than take care of him. 
Not wasting any more time, I took off running. The route led back to my old house, just near the kilns. Taking this back alley, I avoided the main dangers. Carefully, I picked a wall to climb to the roof. Making it to the top, I walked slowly to the edge. Below me was my open window, the window that looked out over the kilns. 
Stiffly, I climbed down into the dark room. Suddenly a lantern lit and ten others followed. Cheers of the crew sent me off balance to where I almost fainted. Hand over chest, I gagged for air. Malec’s laughter resounded loudly as he patted me heavily on the back. “Welcome back, Missy. What took ya so long? We was about to go lookin’ for ya.”
Still recovering, I grinned widely at him. “I said I was going to come, didn’t I?” 
He returned the grin, his relief ingrained in me. 


Chapter 7: Friend or Foe?
I wish I had Father’s pipe. At least that would be something from him I could hold onto. Sighing, I waited for morning to no avail. The night was never longer. Even after everyone had gone to sleep downstairs in the shop, I couldn’t close my eyes for longer than a minute. My mind replayed everything that happened over again. Unlike my mind, my body felt stiff as a rock, and in pain.
Aches creaked up through my shoulders and neck. Remembering everything put me through it all over again. I rolled over on the wooden cot to look out the window. The smoke from the kilns drifted far off to the west. I distracted myself with remembering the menial facts about the kilns. 
When Father stayed in the city secretly, raising me with Mother, he worked at the kilns. As Crown Prince, he knew everything about everything in Karrazard, which made him an excellent ironworker. As his daughter, he expected that I too, learn everything about everything in Karrazard. 
Diomedes had known an impressive amount of knowledge about the kilns also, which made him a good candidate for heir. From the looks of it, he even made his own bow and arrows with original design. With the extra tension, his arrows could possibly go through a block of solid wood. However strong and knowledgeable he was, he lacked something that I couldn’t quite put a pin on what. He seemed to me like wolf with intelligence for the hunt but no teeth. 
The night went on as so. By sunrise, I had fried my brain so badly I couldn’t think. Blinking at the brightness of the morning sun, I found I had moved from the cot to the windowsill. A noise below caught my attention. The gentle laughter of children drifted up. They danced around, attempting to copy our skit. 
Malec knocked three times and entered. “Mornin’, Missy. How did ya sleep?” 
I smiled in his direction. “Excellent.” Looking back down, I mentioned, “Actually, I want to put on a street performance. A small one.” 
Malec came over and looked down into the street. A toothy smile spread over his face. “Yea, I get ya idea. We didn’t make much cash the otha day, but if the mas and pas like it as much as the children do, then we’ll do much better today. Now, don't ya forget we gots to find ya ma."
I sighed. I would have never said so to Father, but I had my beliefs about Mother. I began. "Malec, do you remember what happened when we first left Karrazard so many years ago? How Deion found we were still in the city and sent assassins to remove us?"
Malec consented with a nod. "Yah, ya ma was hurt too bad but wes had to leave with caravan. Ya pa made a very hard decision leaving 'er behind, but it was da only way to keep ya and ya ma safe. He always planned to find 'er once ya'll return."
Looking into the past, I remembered Mother's weak face, her overpowering pain. She was so insistent we had to leave; Father could not argue a word in edgewise. I spoke up. "Mother was too weak to survive on her own."
Malec shook his head. "Ya pa paid the doctor fancily."
I corrected my statement. "My mother was too weak even without a wound. That aside, she hated me, hated having me, and hated herself for having me. If she had either not married Father or had borne a son, she would be queen now. They say, when she realized she had a girl, she fell close to death and mourned as though she had lost a son. There is no reason, if, and I stress if, she is alive that I should tell her Father is dead. I might as well kill her myself."
Malec finally agreed, his shoulders sagging. He pulled out a wooden pipe. "Here, this is a pipe that ya pa would play in lieu of his special pipe.” 
I decided a change in tone was in order. Sticking out my tongue in disgust, I noted, taking the pipe. “You mean instead of the pipe all my grandparents used? Bleh. I know Father was clean at least, but I can’t say so much for my grandparents. Thanks, Malec.” 
 He patted me on the shoulder. Sighing, I led the way down stairs. The crew was still waking, groaning and clumped together. One of my favorite members was a mute, fire-breathing cook, and he had already started breakfast. He signaled me to come over. I consented, sitting at the clerk’s table that he was working at.
He set up a napkin, filling it with cooked grains, dried fruits, and beef jerky. Beside it, he placed a small cup of water, a tribute to Karrazard, through which the river flowed. Then, the cook set a small jar of water before me. Malec cleared his voice, speaking for the cook. “After this mornin’s show, ya outta give ya pa a propa visit.” 
I nodded, taking the jar and slipping it into my tunic. “Let’s have a few fire-breathers, the trumpets, I’ll play the pipe, and let’s see…Why we don’t have the balancers too?” 
At my words, several members looked up in excitement in hearing their talents. Whenever I chose to display personal skills of the crew rather than skits, they seemed to love it. Breakfast past quickly after, and the members I called out came and listened to the more organized plan. So many things had happened just a day before and three days from now the Feast of Harmony would begin, so we agreed on following an older routine for the day. 
We gathered in the streets, dressed in costumes according to our skill. As a crowd started to build, we started the routine. Weaving in and out of one another, a circle formed, the fire-breathers lighting up the eyes of the children. The balancers stole their attention, who, like their name suggested, balanced on a wooden plank set on a steel ball. A stack of bowls sat on the end and the balancer catapulted the bowls into their hands and set it behind them on the up lifted foot behind them. Other balancers twirled bowls above their heads on narrow poles.
Next, the trumpets came in, putting the talents into order. Lastly, I somersaulted to the rim of the circle, playing a gentle tune with the pipe. As I weaved between the talents, my song sped up. I played a classic Karrazard tune, marching before the people.
Something bumped softly against my leg, and I glanced back. A line of young children had formed behind me, each trying to copy the march. Grinning, I turned forward and continued the march, making each move more distinct for the children to follow. 
The tune started to end and I slowed down. However, I slowed down too quickly and my hip-high followers ran into me. The first child grabbed my leg to balance himself and all the others thought that was an excellent idea. Laughing, I tumbled over. The crew and crowds roared with laughter, cheering and tossing coins in Malec’s donation hat. 
The afternoon came quickly after that. Refreshed with the laughter, I left the crew counting the coins. The market had opened, leaving many of the back streets empty. My thoughts echoed off the desolate walls. As I walked past the ironworks, I could hear the clanging of metal, the nostalgic smell of iron melting filling me. 
My trail led past there and to the River Gate. Outside of the city, I stretched, shaking off the day’s work. The road followed the river steadily. Although a desert, a thick, green marsh grew on the banks of the river. 
Almost two miles down the river sat an unmarked grave. It was still fresh with no plants growing over it. When I had placed the last pile of dirt over it, I buried a small tree seed in the grave. I started to wish I had more forest plants to cover the grave. They were so vibrant and green; nothing like our pale yellow grass that made the river marsh. The forest was lush so wolves could run and hide in it. 
We have placed the grave so the summer moon would always rise over it, but it felt arbitrary. I spoke up softly, sitting cross-legged before the grave. “You left no moonlight for me, you mean jerk.” 
Opening the jar of clear water, I leaned over the grave, dripping it over in ceremony. The moment the last drip fell, I felt my hand start to shake. The afternoon calm evaporated. Tightening my fist over the jar, I clenched my teeth. In frustration, I threw the jar as far as I could. The river sucked it out of sight. I closed my eyes, clasping my sweaty hands together firmly. 
My hands felt cold and distant, as though they were someone else’s. Heavy and stiff, they were hands of iron. Iron ran through my veins. I held my breath to calm down. I shouldn’t be impulsive. I should be placid and calculate what needs to happen next. The veins in my neck felt like they would burst and there was a slick feeling between my fingers. 
Grimacing, I glanced at them. I had carved four little indentions out of each of my palms. Wincing in pain, I looked around for a rag to bandage them. A kerchief appeared beside me, floating into my line of sight. I glimpsed backwards before taking it, expecting Malec. The horse-crested man stood behind me, his kerchief outreached. 
Alarmed, I jumped to my feet. He seemed unfazed by my reaction, leaving the kerchief outreached. Closer now, I could see him better. He was at least a foot taller than I was, with a sword strapped over mundane clothes. They were an ashen tunic over khakis bound at the shin and he had bound tunic sleeves at the forearms, classifying him as a warrior—a martial artist, if his grace was anything to go by. His face wasn’t as sharp as I remembered it being, and, like Diomedes, he had glowing gold eyes. 
Neither of us moved for a moment, just staring at one another. A stinging feeling reminded me that my hands were bleeding. I winced, shaking my hands to make the pain go away. When that didn’t work, I bit my thumb. At the taste of iron, I gagged and spit it out to no avail. The horse-crested man had retracted at the sight, disgust draping across his face.
He offered the handkerchief again, this time noting. “No harm in taking it.” 
Keeping a suspicious eye on him, I snatched the handkerchief from his hand and dashed a few feet away to wrap my hands. If Diomedes was the son and heir to the Wing family, then this must be the son and heir to the Hoof family. Family was a loosely used term. Essentially, they were the political factions that made up the council. However, last I recall, the Head of the Hoof family had no sons. 
Wrapping my hands tightly, I queried, keeping a safe distance away from him. “So, who are you? You look my age, but if you really are the heir to the Hoof family, then you’re at least eleven years my junior. So, who are you, huh?” 
He shrugged, obstinately crossing his arms. “Are you really the Prince’s daughter? Or did you kill him to make yourself the heir.” 
My mouth dropped open. He made such a direct accusation. I growled my answer. “What— I’d never do that! I am the Prince’s daughter!” 
Scowling, he waved his hand at me. “Then why did he teach you the song?” 
I finished wrapping and crossed my arms. “Because I’m his daughter. Even if I don’t inherit the throne, I have the rights to the song.”
He shrugged again, impassively. “That doesn’t mean you didn’t kill him.” 
Clenching my teeth, I hissed my frustrations. “I would never have done that. It’s that monster Deion who took Father away and I will kill him for that.” 
He unraveled his arms, smiling at me. “Now, doesn’t that feel better saying, rather than bottling it up inside?” 
The tension in my shoulders evaporated. Feeling surprised and ashamed, I spun around so my back faced him. I was trying not to say it aloud. How did he do that? How did he make me say what I didn’t want to say? What if I had exploded like that before Malec and the crew? How could I let them see that part of me? 
The horse-crested man mentioned, “It’s better to say that me, since you don’t know me. It probably won’t happen again, so you can calm down. You asked me who I was before. People know me as Asaph Hesiod, and I am the undisputed heir and head of the Hoof Family. I wasn’t the son of the previous Head. Instead, I forced my way, and not a single Hoof has stood in my way since. You already introduced yourself before, as Piper C’lyris Kaleng, if I remember right. Since I know you aren’t going to elect yourself as heir, then who do you have in mind?” 
I grumbled, “It’s a secret.” 
Asaph laughed, “So you don’t know who to pick yet? That’s good news for me.” 
Glancing up in irritation, I waved off his assumptions. “What makes you think that?” 
Grinning, he raised a brow. “I’m just saying my chances are better with the two biggest contestants out of the way. You are the biggest, since you have the song and no one to dispute. The oh-so-honorable Prime Minister Deion is the second, since he has the greatest amount of experience and a good deal of power already. All I have to deal with is the bold but soft-hearted Diomedes.” 
I objected, ashamed of the accuracy of his calculations. “What if I already chose one of my friends, huh?” 
He shook his head. “I did pin you for being soft-headed, but not to that extent. What do a bunch of street circus players know about high-end politics? Look, Flower, you have a choice. Put Diomedes in the council room and they’ll eat him alive. Or you can put me in that room and I’ll eat them alive. There’s no other option.” 
Pouting, I turned away to think. Are those really the only options? To kill or be killed? Was that was Father concluded? Then whom did he choose? Whom should I choose? Father was certain about whomever he chose—that much is true. Is there no other option? No, they wouldn’t have been able to corner Father, as they did me. 
I turned around with an answer. “Neither of you. I will choose neither of you. Diomedes will listen to what the people want but he will never be able to stand behind it. You could stand by it, but if it makes you give up power, you would rather choose to ignore it.” 
He sighed. “So then who?”
I bit my lip. “I’m still thinking of that. By the way, why did you help me? You did catch up to me before when I saved Diomedes too, didn’t you? Why did you let me go?” 
He tapped his chin thoughtfully. “Hmm, why? I suppose, if I really wanted to be king, I’d just kill anyone who got in my way. And if I were you, I’d kill anyone, friend or foe, who obeyed orders of someone who killed my Father. But you saved that fellow instead. It’s refreshing.” 
I raised a brow. “So you helped me because I’m…refreshing?” 
He nodded. “Yes. And to prove it, I’ll warn you, the Families are restless and are going to make some frightening moves.” Remembering something, he remarked, “Oh, and here.” He tossed me a heavy leather bag and started to walk away. “See you later, Flower.” 
Glancing in, I almost dropped it. Within the bag rested Father’s precious pipe.


Chapter 8: Only One
Trailing back past the ironworks, I held Father's pipe tightly within the bag. Although I had my reservations, I now consent, Asaph really knew his way to my good list. I paused to listen to the banging of the ironworks. The sounds were comforting.
A voice addressed me. "Hey, you're that girl, Piper, right? The one from the parade."
I looked around in surprise. I rebuked myself; I always forget I'm on the run. Since most people care little for the concerns of the corrupted Families and Deion, few would bother to turn me in. Still, it takes only one to call the guards. An ironworker approached me, waving. 
Feeling calmer, I answered. "You know me?"
He nodded congenially. "And I knew your father. We worked together in the ironworks. When did you grow so old, child? You should let your father make the announcement. Many painful things will happen if you do this."
I could feel cold chills running up my spine. "What do you mean?"
The ironworker sighed. Covered in soot and dust, his face was indistinct and unclear. "You've sown the wind, and you will reap the whirlwind, child. The Wing and Hoof families have been planning this feast since your father's banishment. If Deion hasn't sent assassins already, then the Families will. They plan to put either of the Family heirs, Asaph or Diomedes on the throne. You should hide until the next caravan and escape when it leaves Karrazard."
His words sank in my heart. I argued indignantly. "We can't let them have control. Why hasn't anyone gone to the King?"
He shook his head. "They say preparation for the Feast fatigues him and he will to see to the matters after the Feast. The Families use their personal militia to be certain the King is not disturbed. Deion also sees to this with his own."
I bit my lip. "Will my crew be in danger? Isn't there some merchant or ironworker who can hide them until the end of the Feast?"
Glancing around, the ironworker signaled me to move closer to the wall, hiding in the shadows. He responded, "The merchants who helped your father escape those eleven years ago were exiled by Deion for other “illegal” reasons. The Wing and Hoof Families have now threatened any merchant or ironworker who could help you.” 
My eyes narrowed. “So, why are you helping me?” 
His tense expression softened slightly. “What happens to a cornered animal? We bite. Don’t think merchants will back down without a fight. We not have the song, child, but we have our voices. Besides, so long as Asaph continues creating strife between the Families, they won’t be a collective strength.” 
I nodded, becoming pensive. “But Deion can use the weakened Families to grow stronger.” 
Scratching his ashen face, the ironworker consented. “He has grown in power, and now he breaks rules in broad daylight. That’s why he could order your arrest, yet not allowed to insult your royal blood. We, mere city-dwellers have power to strike against the Wings and Hoofs, but never against Deion. 
“The Wings were supposed to represent the rights of the merchants, so if we stand together, we can pull them down. The Hoofs were made of ironworkers. If we stand together, if we say no more and replace them with wise people, then it will happen. But we have no power against Deion. For anyone to stand against him a great change must be made.”
I swallowed. A change I would make when I chose the heir. I concluded. “I can’t run away. I will have to stand in Father’s place on the night of the Feast.” 
Shaking his head, the ironworker gave in. “Then, I will speak among the ironworkers and the merchants to see what we can do. Understand we will probably not stand with you in the fateful moment. That is the nature of people.” 
I winked. “If only one person can decide the heir, then I need only God to stand with me.”
A shadow lengthened at the end of the street, attracting both our attentions. Diomedes moved into sight. Glancing back to warn the ironworker, I saw nothing. He had completely vanished, as though never there. Biting my lip, I reprimanded myself since I never asked his name. 
My hairs rose and I dropped into a roll, dodging a solid steel arrow. I also forgot Diomedes still wanted to catch me. My distraction allowed him to get close, drawing his thin saber. I parried the attack with one of the twin blades from my leg bindings.
 I shrugged off the clash. “What’s with the formalities, Diomedes? Don’t recognize me?” 
He grumbled, his eyes narrowing. “Of course. You’re the girl claiming to know the Piper’s Song. What about it?” 
Giving the pretense of poutiness, I replied unhappily. “Not that. We were childhood friends.” I demonstrated small with my hands. “Yay high, and you couldn’t swim, so we just played by the river. I had piggy tails as a kid, and now I have braided hair, so that’s all that changed.” 
Seeming aghast, Diomedes retorted, striking with his saber several more times. “Impossible. I don’t know you.” 
Defending, I tapped my chin a few times. “I didn’t ever go by C’lyris. Most people called me generically Piper. You use to call me Piper, remember?” 
A sense of recognition suddenly flashed across his face and he blushed. “That can’t be.” 
I nodded vibrantly. “It is true. I’m the Piper you knew as a child.” 
Pain settled in the back of his gold eyes as he spoke. “Just because we were friends as children won’t stop me from doing my duty. If I do what is necessary, however abhorrent, I will get the power to change everything. I will be able to right things from there on.” 
This time, my expression narrowed. “So you’re doing the bad to eventually do good? I don’t understand why anyone would think that.” 
Diomedes scowled, waving his arms. “You are still a child. The world isn’t black and white, Piper. There isn’t a definite line between good and evil. They most both coexist in order to remain. That’s just the way things are. Accept it and move on.” 
Indignant, I argued. “No. I refuse to believe that. Shadows don’t exist except with light, but light don’t need shadows to exist. Good and evil are separate. How can you even say that their connected? You are silly and I’m leaving. See you another time, Diomedes.” 
Taking advantage of his shock, I scaled the wall, pulling myself up with each wooden support until I reached the roof. Looking around, I spotted the perfect spot to be; the Palace roof. The dome was smooth and mostly flight, not to mention the highest spot beside a tower that over looked the King’s Announcement Yard, where people gathered to listen and celebrate. From here, I could see decorations starting to be set up for the long awaited Feast of Harmony. 
I made my way from flat rooftop to flat rooftop until there was the gap between the last rooftop and the palace. From here, I simply snuck over the short palace walls, to the building and scaled the walls quietly. The guards—on the lookout for weary merchants and angry ironworkers—seldom looked behind them at the palace wall. 
I opened a secret hatch and worked my way around the spherical insides to a ladder that led to the hatch to the roof. According to Father, this was how he and Mother secretly met. With ease, I reached the dome’s surface. Up here, it was free and open. I glanced around, spotting a dark figure lying not far from me. Blinking a few times, I recognized Asaph. 
He also noticed my arrival. A grin started to spread over his visage. “Welcome to the Palace.” 
I grimaced back. “I’ve been here before, thanks. What are you doing here?” 
I took a seat near him, not too close. Asaph shrugged. “I come here occasionally. The fresh air and freedom helps me think. It’s not easy keeping a council of old men, former ironworkers, at bay all the time. They constantly want something and unsatisfied with what I give them.” 
My arms folded over my chest as I spoke to him. “Were you the one who told Diomedes good and evil must coexist? Because he was fine when I left him, and now he’s changed a little too much.” 
A long silence fell as Asaph stared at me unnervingly. Finally, he answered. “No. He just picked it up when he realized he lacked the full support of the Wing Family. You see, the key difference between us is the fact that he was born in his position, while I forced my way to the top. And Hoofs seldom disobey me or work without my explicit command, while the Wings seldom listened to Diomedes before he became the vicious man he is today. Sometimes, to demonstrate his strength, he goes too far.” 
I queried. “And you don’t?” 
My company paused again. “Nope. I made one example and it was enough. Did his roughness surprise you? Don’t be, he’s still a softy on the inside; just a little confused.” 
My brows rose. “Are you defending him or insulting him?” 
He laid back down on the cot, resting his head on his braided fingers. “Don’t misunderstand. I don’t like him. I just don’t like assumptions. And yes, I believe evil has to be done to provide a good at the end.” 
I gestured at him angrily, making my way back to the hatch down to floor level. “I don’t!” 


Chapter 9: Rights and Wrongs
I found I still wasn’t ready to go home. Thoughts of rights and wrongs spun at a thousand miles per hour in my brain until there was no more room and everything failed. I remembered something relieving. My father’s old pipe could fix my poor mood.
With Father’s pipe in hand, I twirled in circles. Pride halted me, reminding me that Asaph could still be around, watching my grateful reaction. I shrugged to myself, I shouldn’t care. Sighing, I consented to my pride; I do care. 
Still, I had Father's pipe. He was still with me. My fingers tightened around it, feeling over the worn scars and carvings. Father always traced it, and I would do the same. Closing my eyes, I felt it over again. Picturing each symbol as I felt it, I tried to remember the story of Karrazard’s beginning. 
How the original Piper brought the children to this city to mine the iron core. We were always a hard working city, but we never held much power. Even as a trading post, we grew slowly. The Piper had given one child his song, using it to dub him the ruler, a Piper to bring life to the musical city of Karrazard. And so they passed the song from King to Prince since. 
Until Father, that is. Father fell in love with a foreigner, a circus player in Malec’s crew. He married her, and that was against the rules. The Prime Minister had tried to remove Father then. But the King sided with his son, giving him a second chance. If Father bore a son, then the son would be the heir and the next king. All that had to happen was the birth of a boy. But God had other plans and I was born. 
Deion, the Prime Minister, had us exiled with glee. Still, the King loved his son and would only give him the power to find and choose an heir. Father stayed in the city secretly, trying to find his heir here. Deion found out and sent assassins. We had no choice but to leave this city. 
And again, we were powerless to a deadly man. We were wolves, nomadic, chased out of the pack. Now I was back, and still I’m powerless because I’m not smart enough. If only someone could tell me whom to choose, I would be happy. 
Someone rammed into me, cutting my thoughts short and almost making me drop the pipe. I opened my eyes as the cloaked figure passed me without a word. Everything seemed to move slowly as I reached out to reprimand her. My fingers caught the hood and her momentum pulled it down. She glanced out me without recognition. 
I knew her face, her green eyes, her dark locks. Mother. She didn’t give me a second thought and picked up her run. I turned to the route she had come from. Men, carrying the Hoof family crest, were charging in my direction. In the action of putting the pipe in the bag, I withdrew a little bag of flour and sprayed it over. In the same motion, I snapped to sulfur rocks together. 
I managed to turn my back and start running after Mother when the flour exploded in momentary flames. It wasn't deadly, but it would distract the Hoof guards long enough to escape them. Catching up to her, I caught Mother’s arm and yanked her down a different alley. I made several other turns before she pulled back. 
I stopped, catching my breath, I looked back at her. “Are you all right?” 
She, panting as well, narrowed her eyes on me in recognition. “You’re that girl claiming to be the Prince’s daughter. What do you want from me?” 
My lungs became vacant as I stared in horror. She didn’t recognize me. I had green eyes, I suppose, but lots of people from caravans did. “I am the Piper’s daughter, C’lyris Piper Kaleng.” 
She lifted her chin in suspicion. “No, you’re not. You must have killed him and his daughter and took the song for yourself, to make yourself undisputed ruler. The Prince would have never permitted his daughter to have the song, much less announce the heir.” 
I raised a brow. “Your husband, my father did teach me the song. And sure, he didn’t want me to announce it at first, but he is busy, so I'm going to do it anyways.” 
Mother continued to debate me on this. “You’re not my daughter. My husband would be far more tactful and not busy. If you want me to believe you, bring me to him. Once I talk to him, then I’ll believe you.” 
I bit my lip. Either way, it did look like I murdered him. I argued. “Well, I can’t. You won’t believe me if I did.”
She scowled. “I wouldn’t have a dolt for a daughter, for one thing.” 
Crossing my arms over my chest, I huffed angrily. “Well, you sure don’t act like my mother. She was always good to me, saying much nicer things. If Father was here, he would tell you to be nicer to me. He was always teasing, but never that meanly.” She blinked in surprise at the memory. 
I was accurate, so I continued. “You should know, Father always intended to give me the song. Just look at the way he named me. My full name means Lyrics to the Piper’s Song. Father never reprimanded me for being a girl, but you hated it. So I don’t care if you are going to help me find Father’s heir or not. Just don’t get in my way.” 
Eyes focused on me, Mother remarked arbitrarily. “You are nothing like me. No, you are just like your father. So single-minded.” 
I sighed, raising my chin. “Wrong. Father always said I was stubborn like you.” 
Her brows rose as she mentioned. “So you’re saying you are both single-minded and stubborn?" Rubbing her temples, she sighed. "Where is your father?” 
I looked down, unable to meet her eyes. I mumbled softly. “Everyone seems to come to the conclusion I killed him, but no one ever seems to point out it was Deion who sent the raiders.” I looked up. “I loved Father; I would have never harmed him, intentionally. But Deion took him away.” 
Mother nodded, her eyes closed. “When I saw you make the announcement at the parade the other day, I had an inkling that he died. I’ve spent the last eleven years dwelling on the possibility. Your father was too gentle and I was too weak. One of us had to change and I figured it wasn’t going to be him. I’m glad I did.” 
There was something chilling about her presence. I couldn’t put a pin on it, but I didn’t feel quite right. And there was something familiar, not comforting, but familiar about her pose. I noted. “You have changed.” 
She nodded proudly. “I grew up and grew strong as iron. I’ve raised the perfect heir for your father. I figured he wouldn’t know who to choose, so I did it for him.” 
I winced. Father did make his decision, so was it the same as Mother did? I queried nervously. “Who?” 
Mother turned away as she told her story. “When the doctor your father paid realized there was no way for him to check on me, he left with his money without healing me. I realized that this is a cruel city, just like the rest of the world. If you want to make it here, you have to spill iron, clamp down on throats, and trample your enemies. You can’t let an opponent live. I knew I needed to find someone who understood this. Your father was the prince, dear, so not entirely realistic. He was too merciful and wouldn't understand. 
“There was a boy I found who lost his parents in the flood a long time ago. He was all on his own. He understood the cruelty of this city. I took him in and raised him to be strong. I raised him to understand how to get his way, no matter the cost. When that stubborn fool, the last Head of the Hoof family refused to take him in as heir, the boy took matters in his own hands. I was proud of his strength.” 
Then I understood. “Asaph. You made him that way? Sure, he’s a wolf on the hunt. But he has no pack. He’s weak because he has no supporters.” 
She shook her head. “No, he’s perfect. Besides, Diomedes is a fool. Once he saw what Asaph could do with his powers, he started following in his footsteps. He’s harsh. And just because he was your childhood friend doesn’t mean he’ll go easy on you. Asaph, on the other hand, will do what you ask, for that song.” 
I growled angrily. “I don’t need a servant, I want a leader. Someone who gathers people, looks out for them, protects them. To do that, the people have to like him at least a little. Sure, Diomedes is unable to protect his people, but at least people liked him. If I want a scary tyrant on the throne, I’d choose the Prime Minister.” 
Mother snapped out of her distant past and glared at me. “You wouldn’t.” 
Taking a step back, I consented. “Never, but that goes the same for Asaph. The people need to want him and he needs to love them.” 
She refuted. “The people don’t have the power. Even if the people did, they’re like dumb animals with no keeper. It would be chaos.” 
I argued. “No, they’re a pack. A group made of striking individuals. And as nature demands, they know what they need to survive. From them, a leader can be found.” 
Waving me off, she denied. “As if. Your father filled your head with nonsense from the outside world. Trust me; you don’t have the power to change anything here. You are just one childish girl.” 
Turning away, I began to leave, ready to go home. “It just takes one.” 


Chapter 10: Ends
I played with my thumbs, sitting with my back against the wall and knees up to my chin. I was back in my room. I hated it, but I was having a hard time find anything wrong with Mother's argument. Perhaps if I were smarter I could debate her properly. Frustrated, I growled to myself. All I knew was that she was wrong. 
The idea of confronting her terrified me more than confronting Deion. After all, I hated Deion and loved Mother. My shoulders sagged. She was also right that I was just one childish girl. Biting my lip, I noted, one childish girl with the power to decide the fate of Karrazard and all those in it.
Was she right? Should I have the power to choose for the people? Were they unable to make such decisions for themselves? Did they not know what was good or bad for them?
No. I had to believe otherwise. A leader could lead the people astray, but people knew good from evil. They knew their capabilities. Like wolves, they know how to howl, to hunt, to run, to fight. They know when they find a leader they are willing to follow. Diomedes was not that leader. He lacked strong decision-making skills. Asaph was strong and perhaps a visionary, but those were traits of a tyrant as well.
To be a true, just leader, they must be thoughtful, outspoken, visionary, loved by the people, and most importantly, good for the future. Tyrants, as Father and I saw on our journeys in the north, were devastating for the future. Generations would pay for all eternity. 
Mother's thinking was poison to the future. The ends never justified the means. It couldn’t be justified because in essence the ends were everything that occurred in the means. Placing a powerful but deadly man like Asaph on the throne to destroy Deion was wrong.
Wait, I had to consider all things. I also wanted to destroy Deion. I must be certain my actions to devastate him will not affect my choice of the leader. My actions must not hurt anyone but Deion. Mother's "by any means necessary" policy will not be mine. I will only serve pure justice. Evil and good will not coexist.
Malec knocked twice before entering. Raising a brow at my posture, Malec addressed me. "Were did ya go? Wes all worried Deion gotcha..."
I shook my head, keeping my eyes steadily on the corner where the floor met the wall. Something about it helped me think. I answered, shaking my head. "I met Mother today. You and Father were right; she is alive. Malec, was Mother ever scary? Honestly."
Malec scratched his stumbled chin, sitting down next to me. "She used be a fire breather. A mighty good one, too. She was never afraid of catchin’ fire. She would do all sorts of tricks with her fire. But she was also stubborn, even if she knew she was wrong. Ya pa was a black an' white kinda guy."
I crossed my arms. "That doesn't answer my question."
He finally gave in, sighing. "Yes, she could be a little intimidatin'. Ya never want ta make 'er an enemy."
I rested my chin on my knees. "I think I just did."
Silence fell between us. Still looking at the boards, I spoke up. "When wolves meet a danger they have two choices. The choices all creatures have to make. If the wolf has a winning chance, fight it is. But if the opponent is too fearsome, flight it is. "
Malec changed his posture to combing through his unkempt hair. "But, say, if the wolf were the alpha or the she-wolf who looks afta the cubs, then she has no choice but ta stay an’ fight."
I nodded. "I have something I'm fighting for I can't just turn tail and run anymore. The running stops now."
He gave me a look of concern, getting up. "I'll just get ya some water."
As I shut door behind him, I turned around, pensive again. A soft sound at the window caught my attention. My eyes widened in surprise. Silhouetted by waxing moonlight, Asaph stood in my window.
I gasped, lifting my eyes to meet his. He sat comfortably on my small balcony ledge, looking curiously at me. One finger rose to his lips, signaling to keep quiet. Laughter danced in those glowing gold eyes, unmatched by the sum of nuisance he might cause me.
I regained my composure, whispering. "What are you doing here?"
He pressed his lips together in thought before answering, glancing over the room. "I did some thinking."
Certain that Malec was still downstairs, I shut the door more fully. Growling back at Asaph, I remarked. "Are you telling me you rarely do that? Thinking?"
Asaph shrugged, hoping off the ledge and taking a spot on the cot. "No, I simply put some extra effort into doing so now. Look, I figured you think I'm just a power-hungry fellow—"
I raised a brow. "You're not?"
A grin spread over his face at me. "—not just power-hungry. I have other interests as well."
Inside—and I mean deep inside—a very, very small part of me felt happy talking with Asaph. I didn't permit that to show, grumbling, "Interests like what?"
He leaned back, getting comfortable, suddenly changing the subject. "The Feast of Harmony is coming up in two days following tomorrow.” 
I pressed my back against the wall. “And what does that have to do with anything?” 
Unconcerned, he continued. “The Feast is a celebration about the making of the Piper. It describes how he brought mere children to start this city. I always took it symbolically. It is saying that it is the next generation that rules the world. The song was given to the child the Piper deemed worthy. He never specified what made him worthy. You were saying something earlier about wolves. Is a wolf a good leader?” 
Scratching the back of my neck, I took a long moment to ponder the question. “A wolf’s world is the simplified version of the human world. The leader of the pack leads the hunts, but he won’t always be the one to find the prey. He does make the hardest of all the decisions, to kill the prey. For him, his family, the pack is the most important thing to him. He would give his life to protect them. He is the alpha, the lover, watcher, protector of the pack. So, yes, I think the society of the wolf is a good basis to choose the leader.” 
Asaph breathed almost silently, filling up the soundless moment. He closed his eyes. “I was never an alpha. I was a loner, out in the cold. Diomedes would be a better choice.” 
I smiled to myself. He couldn’t look at me in his shame. Still, respect welled up in my chest. “No. He couldn’t kill his enemies in the protection of his family. To make himself stronger, he would fatally hurt his family. In essence, he is an imbalance that we have to avoid at all costs. Mother believed that it was necessary we do what it takes to get power if our results are good.” 
He consented. “She always drilled me about that. What did your father believe? Did he never tell you who he chose?” 
Shrugging, I sunk to the floor. “I was too irresponsible for it. I haven’t changed much. All the lessons he taught me before he was murdered was that the heir should be—what was it?—“a familial creature, whose love is intense and protective”.” 
My company seemed almost asleep, until he spoke up. “Look, Flower, how are you going to find out who should be king in two days?” 
I bit my lip. “I don’t know how, but all I have to do is think really hard.” 
Asaph scoffed. “Done that. What next?” 
I pressed my lips together. “We wait and plan. Once I announce the heir, Deion will have nothing to lose. Likely, he and the Hoof and Wing families will be furious. Whatever Father had planned would likely uproot everything set in motion.”
Finally, he sat up, looking at me, eyes narrowed. “That sounds…dangerous.” 
Stretching, I consented. “That’s why Father originally wanted me to stay hidden. He was always worried about things like that.” 
Asaph remained. “How are you going to fight Deion, Diomedes, and every guard coming your way? Surely you don’t plan to be saved by your circus crew?” 
I shrugged, shaking my head. “I didn’t think that far. For all I know, Mother wants to kill me just as much for ruining her eleven-year plans. Speaking of which, why don’t you ever fight me? Regardless of how—what was the word?—“refreshing” I am, there must be some reason you stay around after I ruined your plans and all.” 
He tapped his chin thoughtfully. Coming up with the answer, he smiled. “I like to think you added an exciting twist to my plans. Let’s just say, you’re Mother has the same conclusion all famous northern philosophers came to: “I will make the perfect leader and he will listen to all my good instructions and not abuse his power for his own desires”. 
“Regardless of what they say on the outside, this is what all self-proclaimed philosophers think when putting someone like me in power. It takes someone with perspective and voice to deny that “educated” claim. You were that someone, so you have both my respect and my interests.” 
Words wouldn’t formulate, so I just stared, wide-eyed at the compliment. 
Continuing, Asaph walked over, offering me his hand. “I’d be happier if you let me join you that dangerous night on your spectacular journey over the needles.” 
I couldn’t stop my expression from spreading into a grin. Talking his hand, I consented. “Granted, the end won't be so pretty. Whatever I'm supposed to do will alter everything."



Part 3: Hunt
 
Chapter 11: Together Forever
Asaph barely escaped before Malec returned to the room, suspecting nothing. He glanced at my expression of hidden panic and seemed confused. "The crew and I were hopin' to talk to ya. About the plans."
I nodded agreeably. "Of course, let's go downstairs."
Sliding down the hatch to ground level, I faced the crew, who sat, making a circle around me. I lifted my hands. "First, I have to apologize for not telling you who the heir is—"
Another fire breather, a boy Father picked up some years ago, spoke up. "What do we care about that? We all know it'll be a surprise. We want to know what we're doing for the Feast of Harmony, so we can help ya."
I paused in surprise. Another member consented. "Yah, what's the plan? You have something in mind don'tcha? Something spectacular!"
Others chimed in, "Grandiose! Unmatched!"
I growled angrily. "No! It's too dangerous! You could get killed."
They objected, "You sound like your father!"
Malec expanded. "Missy, you ain't a girl all by her lonesome tryin' ta change the world. Ya apart of my crew, ya our friend, and ya one of us. We gonna help ya no matta what. So just tell us what the plan is so we can help. We came up with a few ideas, so let's work it out...Missy, whatcha cryin' for?"
Wiping my face, I embraced Malec tightly, mumbling "What would I do without you all?"
I felt other members pat my back, laughing. Malec consented. "Ya become something the circus can't function without. Ya were just a wee little thing when ya joined our merry crew, but now ya a bonified woman. So don't ya cry, and let's start plannin'."
Finally letting go, I wiped up my face with a broad smile. "I have a plan then. A very showy one. It incorporates fireworks and your every talent. This will be a show like none ever witnessed before."
The crew crowded closer as I gave more details. There was a fire among us, burning hotter than coals in the iron kilns. The costumes, the talents, everything was being set in perfect order. The signal to begin was the sound of my pipe over the crowds. The job of the crew was to signal back that everything was in place with fireworks. And then the real show could commence. 
Suddenly the candles blew out and the room fell dark. The hair on the back my neck rose as dark bodies filled the room. One word filled my mind as it left my mouth. "Assassins!"
Screams of a balancer worried me. I tried to make my way to her. Barely making out a silhouette in the darkness, I dodged the gleaming blade. I was a second too slow and it sliced across my cheek. I tripped over, rolling into the feet of someone. 
My hands reached out, feeling the warm, slick liquid of blood. Following the trail, my hands landed on the body. Someone kicked me, an assassin. I could see a flash of the metal as it came down. I rolled away from the body and the attacker.
Someone grabbed my arm and pulled me up. I could feel Owl's coarse hands move me behind him. I could see him lift a bottle to his lips. I braced, hands overhead as a billow of fire left his mouth. The reason why we called him Owl and not Dragon was his habit to widen his eyes and turn his head to an unrealistic point when fire breathing. 
Slipping both blades in my hands, I slashed at a now visible assassin, who screamed in pain. My heart thumped loudly, realizing I made a mistake. I had left Owl exposed. Too late, I turned around watch an attacker cut him down. I reached for him, catching him as the firelight faded. 
Again, someone I cared about was dying in my arms and I could do nothing to save him. I could feel his blood slip through my fingers. He lifted his hand, signing his last words in a drop of shinning moonlight. Everything will be fine. I will be laughing among flowers in heaven, waiting for you. Then...we can...put...on the best...sho...
His body fell limp. Without giving me time to mourn, a blade slashed across my back, too shallow to be deadly, but deep enough to be a warning. Rage bubbled in me until I could breathe. They were slaughtering my crew. They were my family, and I had to do something. 
I pulled out the second blade, using one to slash aside the assailing blade and the other to carve his chest. In a fluid movement, I spun to my second target, making out the attackers’ masks. The attacker was forcing back a balancer, one of the girls who had never been in any formal fight. Without hesitation, I injured the assassin’s shoulder, simultaneously swinging at the nerve at the back of his leg. 
He collapsed and I signaled the balancer to escape. We understood that under this kind of circumstance, the entire crew, myself included should flee. In the poor lighting, I wasn't sure who escaped, but I would stay to maximize their chances.
In moments, attackers swarmed me. It was all I could do to move around them, dodging and duck from fatal blows. There came a point where I was cornered, exhausted, and in pain. My movements were too sluggish and one assassin caught my arms, holding me as his partner brought his blade down. Heart pounding, it was all I could do to close my eyes.
The sound of clashing blades caught my attention. I glanced up to see a dark figure standing to my protection, sword in hand. Asaph glanced back at me, eyes clouded with concern. 
He queried, "Are you alright?"


Chapter 12: Help
I growled, still broken from Owl’s death. "Why did you lead them here?!"
Without answering me, he battered off an enemy and heaved me through the new opening. Still exhausted, I slashed an assassin across the face as we escaped. I tried to attack another, but Asaph pulled me off balance, making the attack cut air. Asaph pulled me into the street, leading me down an alleyway. I jerked my arm away, warning him to answer me. 
Annoyed he tightened his grasp, finally answering. "It wasn't me. I had nothing to do with it." He glanced at my wounds, his expression tightening into something I hadn't seen before; anger. He yanked me harshly to look at the gash on my back. "How the heck did you get this? What were you thinking? What good did you to stay around to fight like an idiot?"
I shrugged, feeling the same shame as when Father reprimanded me. Furious with my submissive attitude, I glared at Asaph. "Someone had to fight them! They hurt my crew, my family. I have to give everything to protect them." Realizations flowed through me. "I have to get their bodies. Bury them near Father. Let me go already!"
Asaph simply held on tighter. "Are you insane? There are still assassins back there and they'll skewer you."
Growling, I rejected his conclusion. "As if! I'll destroy the lot of them. I have to get Owl's body and find out who else died. If their just wounded, then I can save them."
Asaph seemed perplexed. "You are insane, Flower. Look, this is what's going to happen; I'm going to take you back to where I live, you'll tend to your wounds, and I'll tend to your dead. Understand?"
Without waiting, he pulled me along. His alternative did sound better, I consented. It was true I could fall in the fight and get myself killed, and there would be no way to help anyone. Fatigue started to get the better of me and I began tripping over my feet.
It seemed like a vague memory as Asaph carried me the last portion. The way to his home was long and windy, involving climbing up and down until we reached a place filled with the waxing moonlight. Sitting down on a barrel, I started to come back to my senses. Asaph placed some bandages and a spare tunic before me on an aged wood table. 
I looked up at him. "Store the bodies so we can give them a proper burial after the Feast. Please."
There was a light twinkling in the back of his eyes. "Understood. Just don't try to walk out of here before I come back. There's a safe way to get down."
I nodded without understanding. In the next moment, he was gone. The wound on my face stung as I cleaned and patched it. Reaching my back was less than easy, and I winced as I peeled the back of my blood-caked shirt off it. I wish I had someone to help me. I really wish I had someone. God, I don't want to be alone. I'm scared because everything hurts too much. Please, please show me mercy.
A familiar voice spoke up. "It's shaped in the crescent moon."
I glanced back, seeing Mother I grimaced. "Ah, evening..."
Her brows rose to the ridge of her hair. I wondered arbitrarily if I did the same. She spoke, unrolling the bandages. "Your wound is in the shape of a crescent moon." She noted, "Asaph found a place I wouldn't have looked, smart boy. Unfortunately, I saw him coming from here, so all was for naught. Still, you are my daughter and I have the right to know where you are."
I winced as she tightened the bandages around me. I scratched through my messy hair. "Right. I'm still not choosing Asaph as heir. I want your help and your love, but it doesn't mean I'm willing to do what you say." God, couldn't you give me Malec or something?
I could hear Mother grumble to herself. She finished and stepped back. "Why are you so stubborn? That is from your father."
I shrugged. "He said it was from you." Standing, I pulled over the tunic Asaph had brought me. Surprisingly, it fit perfectly. I commented. "Does Asaph tailor?"
Glance at Mother's expression, I savored her shock. She answered slowly. "No, I do. I made that for you. On the off chance you did survive...I guessed your size..."
I smiled to myself, noting, "So you did think I would survive. I'm flattered."
Asaph's voice queried. "Lady Shadiah?"
Mother gave him a long stare. "You should tell me when my daughter is endangered."
He shrugged, keeping an eye on her. "Certainly, Ma'am. Flower, I couldn't find any bodies. I think the assassins were trying to cover their tracks, somewhat. I looked everywhere."
My shoulders sagged, fists clenching. "Then I'll find out at the Feast. If I find out they burned the bodies, I will scalp every assassin. Each crew member had a specific request for his burial and not one specified burning."
A silence fell between us. Mother was the first to speak up. "I heard it was Deion who called the Hoofs and Wings to a secret meeting. You always fought so much you weren't invited, Asaph."
I looked up. "Was Diomedes a part of this?"
Mother shook her head. "I don't know. He could have. He has been willing to go the extra lengths these days. We drew our lines at Deion. I have to leave. A merchant wanted to speak to me, probably to pull out of our contract, too afraid to help us. If that happens, we will all be in trouble on the day of the Feast."
Without waiting for our replies, she just slipped out the broken window. It finally dawned on me, as I looked around, that there were no doors in this place. I walked to the window, asking Asaph, "By the way, why do you call me Flower?"
He walked beside me as we looked out the window. We had view of the open square under the Palace balcony, from which the King would make his announcements from the palace tower. Smoke drifted to the west from the kilns and the palace roof glittered in the almost full moonlight like gold. 
He answered. "Look at your sleeves."
I did, seeing flower designs at the cuffs. Looking, I realized I wore a dark grey tunic with red flower cuffs, a red collar, and a gold moon on my back. This was actually a very pretty design, making me want to look at it more. I spoke in awe. "Why flowers?"
Asaph took my hand in his, lifting my sleeve to look at it closely. "The night before your birth, your mother had a prophetic dream. She told me the story after we first met ten years ago. She said, after the dream she was too afraid and sad to speak for many days. 
"In her dream, there was a little girl who picked red flowers," he traced his fingers over the flower cuffs, "They wilted in her hands and the ground below the child's feet transformed into needles. The child cried, running as her feet bled. 
"A wolf came and the child rode the wolf's back into the dark. A giant gold moon consumed the darkness to light a path. Then a monstrous beast rose, a creature whose mouth was full of needles."
He fell silent, looking at my hand in his. I pulled away to get his attention. "What happened after that?"
Asaph continued to look down. "The monster dove down over to consume the wolf and child and your mother woke up. When she gave birth to a girl, she realized the dream would come true."
I nodded, feeling a sinking in my chest. "I heard stories of her mourning. I always thought she mourned because I wouldn't be the heir Grandfather wanted."
His expression turned to a gentle grin. "I used to think if I stopped you from pulling the flowers, none of this would happen. Silly, right?"
I leaned my head on his shoulder in shame. That was it. I was a very terrible judge of character. I wanted to say more, but all I could manage was. "I never knew."
He laughed, putting his arm around me. "Don't think too much, you'll hurt yourself."
I choked mirth, sitting back to the wall, briefly forgetting the pain of my wound. Asaph sat next to me, deep in thought. I leaned my head on his shoulder and everything started to fade. I wanted to give Diomedes a second chance, too. I did. But he had to pay for betraying me, killing my crew. 
My crew was all dead for all I knew. Did they make it out? Were they all right? I wanted to see them so bad it hurt and I closed my eyes tighter to keep from crying loudly. I could Asaph’s embrace pull me closer. My crew—my family—broke my heart, quietly. 


Chapter 13: Eternity
Nightmares and dreams consumed me. Pain stung my face and it was hard to breath. Something in the dark chased me, but the dream's vagueness prevented me from seeing just what. Looking back as I walked forward, I stepped over a cliff. I was suddenly floating darkness. When I reached out to steady myself, I scrapped my finger on a sharp point. Wincing, I put it to my lips. 
A deep, all-consuming voice spoke to me. "Scrap the skin, you will bleed iron. Scrap the soul and you bleed eternity’s hell." I turned around to face the voice. Out of the darkness waded a wolf, lifting his head to level his jade eyes with mine. "Needles or gold, child?"
My heart raced in my chest, daring to come out. "Eternity's hell?"
The wolf circled around me. "The darkest pits? Why would that scare anyone, child? Because you may hear the moans and pains of the loved ones you cast down with you, but you will forever be alone."
I paled at the thought. "Then I won't scrap my soul, wolf."
The wolf trotted up, so it looked directly at me. "So, choose one of the eternal paths. Will it be needles or gold, child?"
I queried, ignoring the question. "Who is the right heir? How can the world be changed?"
Sitting, the wolf curled his tail over his feet. "Know this, child, the hunt spreads the pack out, but it takes but one wolf to find perfect prey. The pack will follow that wolf into the chase. The pack’s hope rests on that wolf. 
"That wolf was not chosen by the pack, but God, and the people choose to follow him, support his hunt because of it. It takes the eyes of God to change the world. See your pack through those eyes and you can change the world. So, will it be the needles or gold, child?"
Hunt? I opened my eyes, demanding, "What?"
I reached out to touch the wolf but instead I scrap air in reality. My fingers curled slowly, remembering just where the wolf was. Does that mean the heir should be obvious? Should I know whom to choose? No, did he mean the pack will follow that wolf on the hunt? Then, if I look at where the pack is pointed, will I see the leader? But haven't I been doing that? 
I forgot Asaph was there and he jolted at my sudden waking. Still leaned against the wall, I muttered angrily. “Stupid wolf, I really don’t understand you.” 
Asaph looked down at me with confusion, trying to figure out what just occurred. “I feel the same about you.” 
I pulled my knees to my chest and rested my chin on them. “It’s not you; it’s a wolf in my dream.” 
Silence lapsed as my company tried to come up with what to say. “Ah. I see. You’re pretty much insane. I forget.” 
Nodding slowly, my focus fell on the opposing wall. I was starting to remember everything that just happened. I could feel that nothing was the same. They altered my life. Even as a person, I had transformed. After Father’s death, I knew I couldn’t remain who I was. I was a different person then. If I tried to be her now, after every death that bleeds through my hands, I would explode. I might still explode. 
I buried my face in my knees. My crew was suffering. They were innocent. They just wanted to help. They never did anything wrong. They didn't deserve to die. My people paid in iron-flavored blood. Blood I should have paid in, alone. Fury boiled in me, threatening to overflow. 
I was too trusting of Diomedes. I forgave him too many times. Now many of my crew was dead because of it. It was possible they were all dead. It was torture not knowing who died, and knowing whoever did, it was my fault. 
Asaph shook me out of my thoughts. He spoke quickly. “Quit dazing out. We have one last day until the Feast. Have decided on an heir?” 
I looked at him flatly. “What do you think? I still don’t know who Father chose.” 
My company stretched sorely. “Perhaps if I had known your father I could have guessed…” 
Shaking my head, I mentioned, “Mother both knew and married him, and yet her priorities went askew. No offense, Asaph, but I doubt you were what Father had in mind. Father was certain, as though he knew someone perfect for the job. I mean, he probably didn’t even know you existed.” 
He shrugged, looking out the window. “I considered that fact he might not, but I always wanted to meet him. He’s legendary. After this, even with all of Deion’s complaints, he’ll probably have a statue made in his honor, just like the King's.” he became quiet, thinking. Changing the subject, Asaph offered a new suggestion. “Maybe he chose one of leaders among the merchants or ironworkers.” 
I considered it. “But that would make it impossible for me to know which individual is best for the people as a whole. Who does everyone want to be heir? Whom would they follow? Find inspiring? Who would they choose to protect them?” 
Asaph raised his hands in defense. “Whoa, I don’t know. I know the merchants and ironworkers, but not on that kind of level. Most don’t really talk to me. I just tell them what to do. Diomedes is generally in charge of the merchants, as the heir to the Wing family, but the merchants not in the council don’t necessarily support him as a king. 
"And they don’t support me because I’m a Hoof, standing for the ironworkers. In essence, if they had other opinions, we wouldn't know. Don't you have to choose a well-known figure?"
I tapped my chin. "I do? Now that I think about it, what says I have to? Maybe I'm hunting for the heir all wrong."
Narrowing his eyes, Asaph seemed bewildered by my epiphany. "Hunting?"
Without pausing, I stood, walking to the open window. I scoured the streets. "Maybe, it's not the wolf who runs the fastest, but perhaps someone who can see the goal, who can track, who can lead us to a new, unknown future. Who finds the song in them and has those who follow him into the unknown with confidence. I need to hunt for the perfect wolf."



Part 4: Fight

Chapter 14: Wants, Fears, and Winners
Thoughts wouldn’t stop running through my mind. I began arrangements almost an hour before sunrise. Asaph was already gone, checking to see the state of everything in streets before the day of the Feast truly dawned. I was doing my own preparations. I pulled off my tunic so the thin, tight shirt and tongs were all that covered me. Taking off my shoes, I was ready.
I went on my knees, performing an elaborate bow. On our journeys after my father and I left Karrazard, we went north and northeast. The people of the latter were strange and we spent very little time there. But I never forgot what I saw. It was a ceremony of the highest religious strictness. They repeated an elaborate bow a dozen times. I respected the level of devotion it took to do that kind of performance. 
I rose lifting my hands up, praying with all my heart, praying my crew were safe. Praying what I planned to do was just and true and God himself would be with me. And praying my escalating fear would not paralyze me in the climactic moment. 
Over and over again, I stood, kneeled, bowed so my forehead touched the ground and my hands splayed upwards. Only the glitter of sunrise stopped me. Rubbing my hands together and keeping my eyes closed, I gave a slight, smaller prayer. I was missing real incense, but I made due with burning the few hard-shelled seeds I carried for planting on Father’s grave. 
I whispered my prayer was quietly. "I know you loved him more than I did, as you took him to heaven to be with you, but for today, just today, please let Father be here, watching over me. Let him see me, God, please, please."
Asaph climbed through the window. He noted my burning incense. "Is everything alright?"
Pulling my black, gold, scarlet tunic over my shoulders, I calmed. "No, but it will be after tonight. How was the marketplace?"
My company nodded, pleased. "Every place is open. The iron kilns are empty for the day, left at boiling temperatures. There are instruments at every doorway and decorations hang on every wall, between every alleyway, and the palace gates have opened. Food lines the streets. This will be a celebration like none before. Fear and excitement mingles in the air."
I grinned to myself. "Fear is the inspiration to overcome frightening things, not a burden to the brave. You can have the heart of a winner or a loser, and fear is the deciding factor. It will decide how far you will go."
He remarked. "That's a sudden spout of wisdom."
Tightening my belt, I turned to the window. "It's what Father left me. Deion will be trying his hardest to find me today. After tonight, his position will be gone and we will change the world forever. He can probably sense it.” 
Asaph looked over the brightening city with me. Today, everyone rested. “The Wing and Hoof Families will be after you just as much. The three always go hand in hand. Deion, Hoofs, and Wings. We will probably have to confront Diomedes. He may even go as far to try to kill you.” 
I shrugged, looking away from the view to search for that bag I prepared the day before. Finding the sack full of preparations, I pulled it up, pleased. “Key word: try. He’s attacked me before, and if I remember correct, I was saving him.” 
My company pulled the bag away from me, heaving it over his own shoulder. “That’s probably why he’s left you alone these past two days. Don’t underestimate him, Flower. He may have not hit you before, but remember he was told to catch you then, not kill you. He’s won every tournament of archery in Karrazard. And if even one of those arrows hit you, you won’t see that limb or organ again. Diomedes is a formidable opponent.”
Smirking, I looked back at him. “It sounds like you admire him.” 
He scowled. “As if. I just don’t want you to say I didn’t warn you. Moving or not, you have to anticipate what he’s thinking.” Nodding to the bag, he remarked. “So, we are hiding these over the city?” 
I nodded; checking to make sure everything was in place... “After all, we spent all last night making them. If my crew is still out there, they’ll know where I put them. After all, I won’t know if everything’s ready on their side until at least one of these fireworks go off at sunset.” 
Glancing in the sack, Asaph queried. “Are there only fireworks in here? I see…is that paper?”
I nodded, standing on the window ledge, starting my way down. “Yes, and you don’t want to be caught with them all, so let’s get moving. We have things to do.” 


Chapter 15: Overwhelming Feelings
I couldn't lie to myself. I was more worried as time passed. Doing my best not to let it show, I shaded my eyes. In the pale, golden sunrise, we set up fireworks, working quietly and efficiently. Periodically, Asaph would look up at me, as though he wanted to say something, but every time, he didn’t. I concentrated on strapping the firework in the crevasse of the house. 
Years ago, long before I was born, Karrazard experienced many raids, which damaged older buildings. It was then that Deion’s famous power chased the raiders out. Grandfather, the King himself was saved by Deion and made him the Prime Minister as a reward.
Still, Deion begrudged the King after Grandfather raised a statue of himself instead of Deion. I suppose I come from a lineage of vain rulers. Maybe it was then that Deion started his own scheming. In the end, did he have the heart of a winner or a loser? 
Asaph caught my attention. “You’re done tying that one. Let’s move to the next.” 
I nodded, leading the way down the streets. They were still empty, with the exception of a few guards. Even a few guards made our job difficult, since we couldn’t hide in crowds. At least it would be easier to maneuver in. Again, Asaph opened his mouth to ask something, but held back. 
Annoyed, I asked quietly, scanning for enemies. “What is it, Asaph?” 
He remained so silent, I looked back to make sure he was still there. He was. He was thinking a long time before he answered. “I looked at your papers. You took these from the Palace, didn’t you?” 
I decided not to answer the question; instead, I pulled out the next firework stash and buried it in the haystacks behind a botany merchant’s shop. I glanced at his table. Following tradition, he had household instruments set out on it as well as any food his wife or family cooked up. 
It would take a few ounces of iron to pay off such a nice set of instruments. In any other city, someone would have stolen the fine instruments. But this was Karrazard, and they would remain there. I suddenly noticed something different from the tradition. 
A vase of flowers sat in the corner, in the shade. A variety of colors bloomed. Surprised, I felt my heart beat rise. Looking far into the street, I noticed every table had a little vase and flowers sitting in the shade. What was this new development? 
Every five years there would be a Feast of Harmony that follows a procedure. It was a feast like no other and that last most of the night. The people sung and danced. There were places were talents would play their music, archers demonstrate their skill, and sword masters duel for show. In the past millennia of tradition, there were never flowers. 
There were flowers this time. Flowers, iron, music. Asaph interrupted my thoughts, answering my unasked questions. “That was your mother’s doing.” 
I swiveled around, looking intently. “Mother’s doing? Why would she do this? And how?” 
Asaph reached into the bouquet of pick a red flower. His eyes followed the petals. “She told ever merchant, every ironworker, everyone that if they would put their support in whatever decision the Piper’s made they must put a vase flowers on their family table. If they won’t, then they should put an iron needle in their vase.” 
He extended the flower to me. I looked down at the rich, ruby-red flower in awe. “Where did they get all these flowers? We’re in a desert…” 
Looking up at him, I noted a smile deep in his eyes. “On the opposite side of Karrazard’s river, you’ll find that a batch of them grew. No one knows how they got there. But after the exiled Prince left, flowers started blooming there. They’re hardy red and violet flowers.” 
I went to touch the flower, but something in me retracted my hand. Asaph placed it back in the vase, eyeing it. I whispered, "This many people will follow my decision?"
Asaph remarked, looking over all other vases in the street. "This was the agreement your mother made with the merchants. This statement doesn't mean they will help. It doesn't mean they follow you, it just means they won't get in your way when the time comes. Deion has the strength of the Families and his private militia, don't forget."
I nodded numbly. It was truly something. That such a large number of people could agree on anything. They had an opinion, and that opinion was vital to this plan. To our plan. I glanced at the bag. We were finished with most of the fireworks, and the next thing to do was to distribute the papers. 
Remembering Asaph's quandary, I spoke up. "I did take the papers from the palace. The people need to see this."
My company pulled out one, looking it over. "Isn't this a law? And this is a new tax. And this is a legislature. Flower, what is this?"
I smirked, grabbing one paper. "If you look at this new tax, as an ironworker you would pass it off, thinking, "this does me no harm, so why should I care?" But if you’re a street peddler, you would tear your hair out. 
"Do you see this law, if you were a merchant, you wouldn't care? If you were an ironworker, you would demand to know what mad man wrote this. If you were anyone affected, you would look at the most important piece. The piece that changes everything."
Asaph looked over the papers carefully. "I can't tell...what is it?"
Pulling the paper, I pointed at the bottom. "The world has changed. Once, the king would sign such important documents. That was only after popular vote from both Hoof and Wing Families. The heir of each Family would be required to put their signature.”
He looked over the papers again, eyes widening. "When did you notice? How did you know what to look for?"
I smiled. "Father was the one who found out. It was part of the reason Deion was so eager to get rid of him. Everyone knows the Prime Minister signs all the papers now. We just never mention how wrong it is. How it breaks our every fundamental rule. Father was trying to show Karrazard that it wasn't right. That one man, such a man should not have so much power without restraint. He wanted to wake the people up. He just didn't know how."
Eyebrows tensioning, he queried. "How do you plan to?"
I looked up the vertical wall of the closest building. Asaph followed my gaze. "How about put a paper in everyone's hand? How about fill the skies with them?" 
His stare landed on me. "Are you crazy? You want to throw royal papers over the city?!"
I shrugged. "Particularly the market place when people fill it. That should be soon, so let's get to the roof."
After a moment more of staring, Asaph consented, shaking his head. "You go too far sometimes."
I tilted my head back with a grin. "I'm, what was it you said before? Ah, refreshing."
He raised a brow, but didn't object. Without hesitating, I led the way. We made it to the top and sat on the edge, overlooking the street, silent. Slowly, one person appeared, stretching and reorganizing the food on his table. Then another came out. Then children piled in, going from one table to the next. I grinned to myself as a few paraded around with makeshift wolf masks. Suddenly, the street buzzed with excitement. 
I stood, taking in the feeling. Holding the bag open, Asaph still seemed uncertain. He spoke his concerns. "Do we have to do this?"
The grin returned to my face as I pulled a few of the papers out. "Absolutely."
In a wide movement, I threw a few of the papers over everyone. They floated gently, like feathers. I started to run beside the street, tossing more papers over until there was none left. The people awed at the spectacle of flying papers, and murmured among themselves at the content. 
Scanning the streets, I remarked at the guards rushing to seize the numerous papers. Several pointed in my direction, shouting something inaudible. 
I turned to leave when the hairs on the back of my neck rose and I pushed Asaph out of the way. An arrow imbedded itself into ground beside the ledge. Dust rose, awakened by the impact.
Diomedes stood on the ground, readying himself for the climb. Asaph grabbed my arm. "Let's get out of here."
I shook my head, taking a few steps from the edge. "No, it's time I face my mistake. If he was a part of that meeting…if he agreed to it, then we're enemies. It's time we start acting like it. It's time I change." 
Diomedes swung himself onto the roof. Standing he addressed me coldly. "You've gone too far, Piper."
I slipped the twin blades in hand, spinning them flashily. The dried wound across my back ached horribly, but I tried my best to ignore it. Lifting one twin so it pointed sharply at him, I lifted my chin with it. "Diomedes, I let you go twice. My heart forgave you a thousand times. But the thousandth time left with the passing of my friend. Now I’ll bring you down.” 
Without hesitation, Diomedes drew his bow on me. He glared past his steel-bodied arrow at me. “Try me, Piper.”
I sunk down to the ground the moment I saw him loosen the string and the arrow fly out. Sprinting in a spiral, I circled him. He turned to shoot me, loosening arrow after arrow without slowing. 
As I came closer I dropped into a roll, he mimicked it, moving out of my path. I sliced thin air as he yanked free his arrow from the ground. I moved closer to trap him. An archer was good for long distance fights, but rarely were they practiced martial artists. 
I slashed across his bow as he lifted its heavy iron body in defense. Quickly realizing I made a misjudgment, I had no time to react. He fell in the category of the “rare” now as he twisted his bow so he caught one of my twin blades harmlessly between the string and the body. He pried the short sword from my hand with swift movement. 
The twisting motion of the bow left Diomedes’s neck unprotected. A fatal mistake; he only removed one blade. Spinning in place, I slid the second blade to snag his neck. My sword never made connection, deflected by a third party, Asaph. Surprise lit in me, watching him defend Diomedes. 
Although he was smiling, I could see a flicker of anger in Asaph’s gold eyes. Diomedes's calm countenance flittered to surprise. I pressed hard against Asaph, trying to force him back. His own sword was longer than mine was and he easily shoved me aside. I used the momentum to twirl around and pick up my grounded twin blade. 
Twirling the twin blades in a flashy show, I tightened on them so the blades faced opposite directions and charged Asaph. If he wanted a fight, I’d give him one. My ostentatious movements seemed to spur him and Asaph copied me, letting the blades clash lightly before we passed one another. 
The fight was starting to feel more like a show of skill than anything deadly. Asaph was so light on his feet, it was hard for me to catch him, even with my own, honed finesse. He spoke up. "That's far enough, Flower. Let's stop here.” 
Frustration flooded me and we circled one another. I hissed. “Get out of my way, Asaph.” 
Asaph pointed his sword at me, one hand behind his back in play. "This isn't you, Flower. This isn't your way."
My heart clenched. "How would you know my way? Why do you care? Really, why do you care?"
We clashed in the middle of the circle. Asaph’s smile broke out mischievously. “That's a secret. Besides, you won. Isn't that enough?” 
Pain still surged me, but his captivating grin held me in place. Diomedes broke my trance. “What is this?!"
My shoulders relaxed and my hands hung at my sides. I answered him, still looking at Asaph. "You're not worth scrapping my soul, apparently."
Diomedes's eyes narrowed with more confusion. "What?"
Asaph explained. "You can go now. I don't know when some insane thought might come to her, so you better leave quickly."
My childhood friend stared blankly at Asaph. "You. You are letting me go? Aren't you renowned for killing your enemies?"
My company shrugged. "So look over your shoulder and don't walk alone in dark, eerie alleyways. Besides, I know you're not getting the crown, so I feel a little better."
Diomedes looked at me in shock. "You're not giving the crown to Asaph, are you?"
I glared at him. "No. I have a spectacular, world-changing heir in mind."
A silence fell between us as Diomedes paused, in quandary. Finally, he came to a decision. "I knew you wouldn't choose me. I knew my only hope was that Deion might. But he won't, so what's the point? Let me warn you, he's planning something and he's certain it's fail-safe. The Families will support him with their private militias. Do you really want to face him? More importantly, can you face him?"
Lifting my chin, I lied. "Absolutely."


Chapter 16: Love and Life-learned Lessons
We returned to Asaph's tower silently. The people had hung decorations on tight ropes between the tower, palace, and neighboring roofs. Everyone filled the streets, dancing, singing, and celebrating. Darkness was starting the fall and the people were piling into the main square before the palace gate and balcony. 
I closed my eyes and leaned my head against the side of the window. Swallowing, my fist clenched over chest. My heart wouldn't stop racing and the sweat made my fingers slippery. Taking a deep breath in, I tried to calm myself. 
Asaph walked beside me, pensive. I opened my mouth to say something, but shut it when I couldn’t find any words. In a few moments, I would walk along the decorations hanging between the palace and us, signaling the beginning of the performance. If my crew was alive and they saw me, the fireworks would begin. 
All the while, Asaph would keep the guards from interrupting our show. There was a chance this wouldn’t work out. We may need to improvise a lot more than we bargained for. I wanted to say something encouraging. There had to be something reassuring that I could say or do. 
My company seemed to want to say something also, but held back. We waited a few moments in silence before I sighed. “Just say what you want to say.” He glanced at me, he still debating what he wanted to say. I looked him in the eyes. “What is it, already?” 
He leaned forward, grabbing my hand and pulling me forward. Wrapping an arm around me, his grasp on my hand tightened. Taken by surprised, I stumbled into his kiss. Unable to breathe, I consented to him. Only after a moment did he pull away, leaning his forehead on mine. 
He whispered. “Let’s changed the world. Together. Don’t do anything crazy on your own, okay?” I closed my eyes, holding onto the moment for as long as I could. Asaph whispered more firmly. “Promise me you won’t do anything dangerous.” 
The sounds outside started to calm; the signal it was time I left. I took the opportunity to kiss him back gently and pull over my fur hood and mask. He would have his answer after tonight. I couldn’t promise him anything now. I could feel his eyes focused seriously on me. 
Looking over my shoulder, I winked at him and started scaling up to the top of our little tower. I reached the rope and took a breath in. I wore the tunic Mother made me, with the wolf mask and fur over it, tightening at my waist, and a wolf tail pinned to me. Still wearing the leather khakis bound at the shin, I stepped out on the rope, putting Father’s pipe to my lips. Just before starting, I whispered, “It’s time I change.” 
At first, I breathed a slow, gentle tune; just barely loud enough to hear. As I slowly approached the center of the rope, the music was louder and fast, catching attention. Now, the people below pointed and gawked at me, stopping their own musical sounds. I played a classic Karrazard tune. Fast, slow, three breaths in, two breaths out. I stepped lightly, walking dangerously on the rope. 
Any moment now. The moment the first firework goes off, the performance begins. Please let there be someone out there! Someone! There was a long pause as I waited for the first signal. My heartbeat stopped. Was there anyone out there? 
Suddenly three lights rupture from the ground into the air, sparkling brightly on their way up. The rest of the fireworks went up, exploding in the sky. Bursts of ground-level fire lit in each corner of the square. The fire breathers danced with distinct movement, breathing flames into the night. 
Balancers, tossing off their ordinary cloaks, spun out in the crowds, lifting their poles and the bowls on the poles into the air. The players encroached on the crowd, daring them to join our festivities. The performance wasn't an expression of politics. It wasn't hate or anger. It was love and joy, and everyone could feel it. Drum players dressed in playful masks started on queue and other trumpeters sung out, only falling silent for me to take lead. 
Tears pouring down my face, I began with my music again. I danced around on the rope, motioning to instruct the performers how to move. From the tops of the buildings around the square and palace, jugglers and dancers recited their talents before all of Karrazard. 
The performance entranced the crowd, until they danced and harmonized to our rhythm. We sang louder and louder. My heart raced as we reached the climax of song. At the loudest, highest, most joy fill portion, the song cut off, gone without ending. 
A universal silence overcame us as each took a breath in awe. Everyone’s attention fell on me. I lifted my chin, motioning widely. “I am Piper C’lyris Kaleng. I am the daughter of the exiled Prince and the inheritor of the Piper’s Song. Today,” my eyes searched the crowds and looking to the palace. The King, with Deion beside him, had come rushing to see my announcement. Dressed in tradition, both men watched me intensely. I continued, “I will show you the heir my father wanted to give the power to.” 
I paused for effect, and all the people murmured very quietly among themselves. As I scanned the crowds, I made eye contact with Diomedes, who stood, battle ready among a small batch of soldiers. He seemed different. Less angry. Less power-hungry. My eyes landed on Mother as I spoke. “He wanted the power to always and forever return to its rightful heir. He saw a great future in the heir. Yesterday, today, and tomorrow, we walk in a valley of shadows on a road of needles. Not one of us alone can change that.” 
I looked back at Asaph, who watched me, smiling charismatically. Feeling confident, I continued. “But together we can change that. We can walk until the end and see that shining, lush future. We are the city of Karrazard. We have faced every terror and won. 
“We are the city of uncompromised principle. The heir is someone who knows the city, who knows the alms, the labors, the pains. The heir is someone who wants to live in a better place with better days. The heir—” I looked to Grandfather. He nodded slowly, smiling under his wrinkles and snow-touched hair. Finally, I looked Deion in the eyes. “—is Karrazard.” 


Chapter 17: Forever and Evermore
Karrazard was never so silent before. Everyone, everything was soundless. It was the end of the Karrazard tune, and it was the most joyous part. It was the moment I always wanted and I always guarded against. This was treason. I played treason. I had exposed the sound only royalty heard to the world. I could share the secret sound of the Piper’s Song with my world, my city, Karrazard, my pack. 
The tune was soft, fast, and gently. It rose to the heavens and everyone heard it. My eyes trailed over the crowds and returned to the palace balcony, where Deion and the King stood, wide-eyed. Deion quickly regained his composure, glaring at me, but not afraid. There was something devious in his eyes and fear formed again in me. 
As my song ended, the King called out weakly. “Where is my son?” 
Before I could answer, my heart stopped. Deion raised an iron sword over the King. His voice rang vicious and the crowds gasped. “I will send you to him!” 
Reaching out to stop him—forgetting I was on a rope—I stepped out into air. Flinging my arms back, I caught the rope barely in time. More determined, I swung myself back on the rope and started for the King. Deion had slashed him and now, in a bold, wide movement, snapped the rope I stood on. 
The tension of the rope vanished and I fell. Chills passed through me as I realized the ground was still a long way down. I reached out and caught a thinner rope carrying the decorative flags. The rope snapped under my weight and momentum, dropping me to the next rope. 
In the brief moment before reaching the third rope, I pulled out my knife and cut it, swing just over the crowds. People awed and ducked down as I came wildly over. Suddenly, the rope slipped out of my grasp and I was flying. 
Two stilt walkers, just ready, leaned in to catch me. It worked, but just barely. As I sunk to the ground, I could hear the crowds yell abruptly, warning us that armed men were coming our way. We dispersed into the crowd, running as fast as we could. 
One militiaman caught up to me, reaching out to grab me. I looked over my shoulder, wishing to move faster. Suddenly, two fire breathers jumped in his path, roaring flames. He fell back, and one fire breath looked back at me. Giving a nod, Mother, the fire-breather grinned playfully. 
I was at the edge of the crowds and moving toward palace grounds when two other armed men charged me. Grimacing, I kept running. The hair on my neck rose, but I remained sprinting in a straight line. The steel-bodied arrow nailed itself in front of the men, stopping them and freeing me. I glanced up at the rooftops, spotting Diomedes, who saluted me. 
I reached the palace wall and started grabbing hold of gnarly branches to scale it. The King. I had to make sure the King was all right. He was Father’s father. He was Grandfather. I heaved myself onto the balcony, where Deion was waiting for me. The King had collapsed on the ground, limply holding his slit throat, eyes staring at me, glazed over. I felt a pang of pain. 
Deion brought his sword down on me. I rolled out of the way, near the ledge. I could do nothing more. Deion hissed at me, swinging his sword at me with agility. “All I have left is you, brat. This could have been prevented if you had just chosen the right heir.” 
I parried one blow with one of my twin blades and worked my way back the wall. “I did choose the right heir. You’re poison for Karrazard.” 
He stood back, stretching back in anger. “And that’s why you have to die. I have ruled this city longer than you have been alive!” 
I sprung from the ledge and caught a branch on the nearest tree. I was too heavy and the branch broke, casting me down. I fell into a roll, and looked up to see Deion curse angrily and start after me. I panicked. I was terrified, but there was also something in me vicious and eager for confrontation. I was furious. I would fight this on my own terms. 
Glancing one more time at the balcony, I felt the grim truth. It was finally time to test how far my fear will let me go. I started to sprint for the iron kilns, knowing Deion was quick on my trail. Maneuvering around the crowds, I took the back alleyways, following the river. 
The moon was still to rise, but the night was bright, lit by festive lanterns. The lights twinkled as reflections in the gurgling river water, and the cool mist of the water refreshed me. The shadows daunted me, daring to hide enemies. My concerns were justified. 
A whip lashed out in front of me, and I cartwheeled over it barely in time. An iron broad-blade angled toward my face, cutting short any thrill of escape. Dropping to my knees and ducking down spared me. Slipping the twin blades in hand, I sliced at the shins of the broad blade attacker. He shrieked in pain, stumbling back. 
The whip lashed out again, and I caught it with my left blade. Pulling the whip tight, I used my second blade to cut it cleanly. In the corner of my eye, I could see Deion round the corner, riding a dark mare. Wasting no more time, I scaled the wall to roof. 
Running along the ledge, I charged toward the iron kilns, Deion following below me. We approached the barrier wall of the iron-kiln field. I held a breath as I leapt the distance between the roof and the wall. I landed, falling into a roll and tumbling over the edge. My hand caught the ledge and I hung on for dear life. 
Panting and sweating, my fingers felt tired and slippery, grating against the filthy, soot-and-dirt covered wall. Below me was the ironwork place. Far below me. I wasn’t certain I could land safely, especially among the sharp and burning tools. Deion had made it to the entrance, and was already on the wall. 
The wall was about two-people wide, but Deion was worth a broad man and a half. This was advantageous for him, and he knew it. There was no room for flashy movements, and my specialty was only flashy movements. He had his broad sword in hand, and darkness gleamed in his eyes. Bracing myself, I narrowed my eyes on his. 
When fighting a man his size and with his strength the method was to not fight him. To avoid him. In other words, I had to make as little contact with his free hand and sword as possible. I nodded to confirm my plan. 
My plan went poorly. I was able to dodge the first swing, but Deion was experienced and agile, quickly redirecting the sword around, slicing across my shoulder, up my cheek and over my eye. The wounds were shallow toward the end, so my eye remained relatively undamaged. Still, blood blinded me and I couldn’t dodge as easily, forcing me to parry the haymaker attack. His strength pushed me far back to the edge, daring to toss me over it. 
I lifted the sword while dropping to my knees, slicing at his shins. The twin blades cut uselessly at his iron-shin protectors. Cursing my luck, I dived into a roll, going behind him. He was still quicker and caught me by the hair, yanking me up and knocking aside one of the twin blades over into the kiln tools below with his own. 
He shoved me to the ground so hard my breath vanished. Using his foot, he trapped my one armed hand and lifted that large, iron, broadsword over my head. Arbitrarily I noticed the moon had risen in the horizon, framing Deion as he brought down his blood blade. 
My mind dashed for answers, solutions. Panic seized me and I let it smooth my movements as I switched hands holding the knife, stabbing his ankle as hard as I could. The pain put him off balance, and Deion stumbled backwards. 
In a twisting motion, I sliced the wrist of his sword hand, cutting tendons. Twirling back around slid my twin blade behind his knee cap and sliced it with ease. Blood splattered everywhere, spraying over my face. He cried out in pain, collapsing backwards as the blood gushed. A mix of joy and rage filled me with my success. I did it. I won. I could kill him now. I eagerly moved on top of him, taking my opportunity to stab him. 
I raised the remaining twin blade over head to bring it down with full momentum. Something flickered in me, it fluttered in my chest. How far was I willing to go? Could I go all the way? I clenched my teeth in anger. I was weak. I drove the knife into the ground beside Deion’s head. Furious, I smashed it repeatedly into the ground until I was too out of breath to do it again. 
Deion seized my moment of weakness, snatching my blade and turning it against me. Trying to escape, I started getting to my feet as the blade delved between my ribs painfully. I gasped in disbelief, stumbling back. He used his damaged ankle to kick me off the ledge, into the street. 
I was amazed how slowly time suddenly passed. The golden, full moon rose in the distance, and the wind had picked up flower petals that floated scenically in the sky. Deion stood shakily, victorious. Pride, I remarked arbitrarily, was his mistake, as it was for Father. Deion was such large, muscular man his poor, destroyed knee-tendon couldn’t hold the weight. It gave way, tossing him backwards, over the ledge, into the blacksmith tool shed. 
I closed my eyes at the last second before smashing into the ground. The impact knocked the air out of me, and I choked for breath. I could hardly move, and my hands shakily touched the imbedded knife painfully. I was amazed, everything really did hurt. I wasn’t numb. I could feel and hear everything. Iron-flavored blood filled my mouth; I suffocated with dry, broken lips. 
A shadow fell over me, at first too vague to make out. My one open eye distinguished the gold stare, making me think of a wolf prior to my vision clearing. Asaph kneeled over me, checking my injuries gently. I could see others coming around. I could make out Mother, Malec, crewmembers, and Diomedes. Two other figures stood closer, smiling. I roughly made out Father’s casual clothes and Owl’s soft, flame-resistant cloak. 
Asaph distracted me, kissing my lips quickly, speaking hurriedly. “Can you hear me, Flower? You’re going to be alright.” 
I winced, beckoning him to lean down so I could whisper. “Ouch.” 
He smiled nervously, waving a doctor over and everything fell into darkness. 

I woke up to Asaph talking quietly. “So, you’re leaving with the next caravan?” 
Diomedes replied, shrugging, no doubt. “I’ve had my share of this city. It’s beautiful, but honestly, it’s time I find my own path.” 
Moving my hand, I realized Asaph was holding it. He looked over to me, standing from the barrel he had set beside my bed. “You’re awake, Flower.” 
I grinned, wincing as the wounds on my cheek tightened. Feeling it with my free hand, I motioned. “Water, please.” 
Asaph hastily retrieved it as I sat up, feeling sore and prickly all over. I took a sip, looking around. We were back in my normal room, overlooking the iron kilns. Asaph filled me in. “You’ve been asleep for a few days. Deion died when he fell into a vat of molten iron. There’s hardly anything left of him. Everything else is still in chaos, but your mother, Lady Shadiah is tightening every rope she has. She’s forming a new court now or so I’ve heard. It turns out, you really did change everything. Their holding another feast in your name.” 
Knocking first, Malec stepped into the room with a tray full of cut fruits. Seeing my state, he shoved the tray at Diomedes and rushed over. He felt my forehead, checked my pulse and grinned widely. Kissing my forehead, he joked. “I was gonna get some wada to splash ya if ya didn’t wake up sometime soon, Missy.” 
I shrugged, wincing as all my wounds screamed in resistance. “At least I got to sleep in.” More serious, I queried. “Have the funerals been performed?” 
Malec’s expression fell as he shook his head. “Afta da attack, we went back and collected da bodies. Everythin’s ready, we were just waitin’ for ya. Even da King’s funeral’s been postponed.” 
I nodded, cringing when I moved to get out of bed. I wore a different tunic now, a mirror reflection of Mother’s previous design in white rather than dark grey with scarlet flowers. Asaph helped me stand straight. I instructed, “Let’s perform the funerals today. It’s not respectful to put things off for too long. And let’s mark Father’s grave properly. I think a small stature of stone for him and Grandfather should be right.” 
Diomedes commented. “Are you sure today? You’re still injured.” 
Scowling, I lifted my chin proudly. “It looks worse than it is.” 
Asaph walked me to the door and out of earshot before he spoke into my ear. “Let me get you a horse rather than walk. It will still hurt, but less. Are you ready?” 
I grinned. “I’m always ready.” 
It wasn’t long before we were mounting my steed, the same horse I used to ride to Karrazard. People followed us with the caskets, some in urns, some decorated in foreign styles. The King’s royal guards carried the stone casket and statue at the end. We walked past the city walls and along the river, making our way to Father’s grave. Someone had already dug out holes and all we had left was to bury them. 
We stopped ahead of the holes and Asaph dismounted first to help me off. They place the King in his enormous hole, along with artifacts of his life. Owl was second, and the rest of the fallen crew followed until we reached Father’s unmarked grave. I stood over it, still as a statue myself. 
Small plants had sprouted with tiny flower buds. Tears rushed uncontrollably down my face and I fell to my knees. He was there. He came to the Feast, he watched over me. Asaph kneeled beside me, his arm over me and the remaining crewmembers kneeled as well, mourning the loss. 
I didn’t know how long I kneeled there but, in the corner of my tear-blurred eyes, past the grave, across the river, sat a faint outline of a wolf, staring at me. It yawned, stood, and walked away, giving my one last glance. Vibrant green shrubs grew after each fading footstep. 
Sniffling, I laughed under my breath, “I forgot how beautiful Karrazard really is.” 
 

Epilogue
The girl smiled back at the wolf. Seeing a batch of flowers, she walked over to them. She spoke to the wolf, saying, “I do like flowers.” 
The wolf queried. “Then do you choose the path of needles?” 
The girl picked the flowers and showed them to the wolf. “My grandfather and father before me must have chosen the path of gold, great wolf.” 
The wolf wondered, looking at the flowers. “And how is it that you determined this?” 
She answered, “There is only desert sand around me and that sand is the statues of their glory. The road may be painful and there are those who will try thwart me, but I want flowers to surround me one day. If you await me after all, then I will know I must be a wolf at the end as well.” 
The wolf asked one last time. “Then what path is it that you choose, little girl?” 
The girl offered the flowers. “I choose the path of needles that turns to flowers.” 
The wolf concluded with a wide grin. “Then you have entered the time before the wolf, Little City of Music, oh, little Karrazard.” 



About the Author
R.R. Turock is a student living in California. She spends most of her time writing and developing stories, many of which she hope to publish soon. She also picked up hobbies like polymer clay modeling, drawing, and has an interest in business and car mechanics. 

Author Notes
I hope you enjoyed this story as much as I had fun writing it! Also, I have more drawings posted on my Facebook and blog if you want to check those out. Since I normally do a blog post about details of a story, I won’t go in depth here. 
For one, the characters names all have something to do with music (except Owl and Diomedes, although Diomedes originally had a last name that meant “music throughout”). A danced inspired this story and I found out music was the best way to portray it. 
Ah, and one last thing, the chapters each begin with a letter, spelling out “Time before the Wolf”. 


Other Books 
*Note: the links will take you to my blog, which lists some places you can check them out at!
Fox and the Flute Series: 
The Fox and the Flute (Book #1)
Drum City (Book #2)

Matchlock Series: 
Matchless (Book #1)

Separate Novellas: 
Three Turns Champion
Time before the Wolf
Tiger and the Star

Blog Series: 
Blood Black Orange


Coming Soon 
Matchlock Series #3: Spectrum (2015)
Fox and the Flute Series #3: Playful Piano (2015)
The Binding Knife (2016)


Connect with Me  
(I have pictures, comics, and updates for my old, new, and upcoming books!)
Facebook Page: Matchlock Page
Facebook: RR Turock
Blog: http://rrturock.blogspot.com/
Smashwords: RR Turock

