
A Fetish For Frustration


Stanski

Copyright©2013 Stanski

Smashwords Edition

Discover other titles by Stanski at Smashwords.com
Crawling Distance
In Decline
The Night Jasmine
The Fourth Millennium
Hotel 27

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Cover photo © Stanski


A Fetish For Frustration


Contents


1. The Club
2. Whatever Happened To…?
3. Learning Curve
4. Catch Up
5. Gridlock
6. The Decision
7. Guidelines
8. Proportional Representation
9. Every Dog
10 .Accuracy And Distance
11. One Over The Eight?
12. All That Glistens
13. Origin And Destination
14. Sportmans Lunch?
15. Speculate To Accumulate
16. Popular Jargon
17. Perspectives
18. Fit For A King
19. Tom Foolery
20. Rhyme Or Reason?
21. Token Appreciation
22. Perfect Imperfect
23. Chronological Disorder
24. Satellite Surveillance
25. Digital Photography
26. Wordsearch
27. Knowing One’s Place
28. Singing The Blues?
29. Logical Conclusion?
30. Revelation
31. Happily Ever After?

About The Author

1. The Club


Three men meet in a quiet country pub.
To be more precise, they actually reunite.
This is not their first such reunion. 
Tonight they are celebrating the fifth anniversary of their freedom; the fifth anniversary of their rise from obscurity, to almost unimaginable prosperity.
The first to arrive, has always considered himself to be an optimist. He seats himself in a prominent position, and waits patiently for the others to join him.
The second man is considered by most, to be a pessimist.
“I’m not late then?” he says to the first. He sounds relieved. “I was sure I took a wrong turn a couple of miles back.”
Seconds later, using a different entrance, the third man, who is never in any doubt that he is a realist, joins the group, completing the reunion.
They exchange warm handshakes and hugs of genuine appreciative affection.
“Whose shout is it?” asks the optimist, confident that his question will not only transfer the initial responsibility of ordering drinks to one of the other two, but it may well be that they’ve all had enough to drink before he has to go to the bar for a second time.
“I suppose that’ll be me,” sighs the pessimist, whose head is full of short change, short measures and a long wait.
“It’s already done,” the realist speaks up, “I gave the barmaid a good tip, and she said she’d bring them over.”
The three men are all members of what they refer to as ‘The Club’; a very exclusive club, with membership limited to just the three of them.
They are:

Robert Sharpe, the optimist; ‘Bob’ to his friends. Fifty one years old, athletic build, and chiselled features, with eyes that smile. A natural born salesman, still physically fit and active, he enjoys a daily workout in his private gym, and swims several times a week. His hair has thinned to practically nothing on top, and having prematurely faded from jet black to steel grey in his early thirties, what remains now is almost pure white. He grows it long, and ties it back in a pony tail, giving him, in his opinion at least, a very distinguished look.

Kevin Lake, the pessimist, is the kind of person who never takes anything for granted. Despite his almost obsessive attention to his appearance, he still has the look of a much older man than his forty two years unkindly concede. A little too skinny, due to poor diet that is the result of constant dieting, the flecks of grey hair that stubbornly persist in the creases of his face leave him with a slightly haggard expression. He regularly applies dark hair colouring to the flashes of silver that blight his temples, and pays special diligence to disguising the barely noticeable bald patch on his crown.

Jason Turner, the youngest of the trio, at thirty years of age, slightly overweight, cheerful disposition, casually dressed in denims and a genuine Liverpool football shirt, bearing the name Rossi, the Italian international, and hat-trick hero of the previous season’s FA cup final.
Patience, understanding, and a generosity of appreciation for those with the desire to succeed, combine with a self-confidence, some might say borders on arrogance, in his own endeavours; a trait which is greatly respected by his admirers, nervously feared by his competitors, and misunderstood, to the point of ridicule, by his critics.

Three distinctly individual personalities, but three people with so much in common. They each possess the abilities that have enabled them to transform their standard backgrounds into special surroundings. Their normal, arguably inferior, education presented them with no obstacle in attaining superior intelligence. Finally, what sets them apart from the rest, more than anything else, is their ability to seize on ordinary circumstances, and transform them into extraordinary opportunities.
To single out one of them as being a cut above the rest, would be grossly unfair. But in all honesty, it would be entirely appropriate to state that, between the three of them, it is Jason who has a slight edge on Bob and Kevin. Not because he’s the youngest, therefore arguably, the quickest to adapt. But because, in any given situation, especially where the forces of pressure or frustration are applied, it will be Jason who is marginally more able to maintain the greater degree of consistency in thought, word and deed.
Being the realist he is so certain he is, Jason would no doubt consider this to be a fair assessment. Consistency, he would probably point out, is not a substitute word for perfection, and he is on record as saying: 
“Nobody’s perfect, least of all me. I’m human like everybody else, I make mistakes, but isn’t that how we learn? I’ll tell you one thing though; you won’t ever see me make the same mistake twice. In fact, I’d go as far as to say that if I get through a whole day without making a single mistake, it’s a wasted day. I’ve not learnt anything; I’ve failed. And you know what they say? ‘The man who never made a mistake, never made anything’. So go ahead, say it, fill your boots; ‘Jason’s daily aim is to make more mistakes than anyone else, so he can learn the most’. Seriously though, in a nutshell, it would also be fair to say that I’m lazy. But don’t confuse the word ‘lazy’ with the word ‘idle’. I’ll do whatever it takes to complete a task in the shortest possible time, but you could never accuse me of cutting corners.”
This was a long winded way, but Jason’s way of defining the word ‘efficient’.

Jason, Kevin and Bob spend a cosy and relaxing couple of hours in the pub, exchanging pleasantries, engaging in small-talk, and drinking traditionally hand drawn Real Ale. They make a point of not revisiting the past, especially avoiding mention of the incident that drew them together, and the amazing series of events that ensued.

2. Whatever Happened To…?


The great man took the stand to address his audience. With a confidence that is the product of a lifetime of success, he delivered his speech.

“Somebody once said to me: ‘If you want to know the shortest and surest way to fame and fortune, follow this simple guide: ‘It’s not what you know that’s important, it’s who you know’.
I’m sure this is an expression that we’re all familiar with.
I carried these apparent words of wisdom around with me for years, believing that they made total sense; all the while, acquainting myself with the most influential people around me. For sure, I made some good friends, who, no doubt were able to help me in small ways. But it wasn’t until I reached adulthood, and realised that I had acquired neither fame nor fortune, that I took stock of my situation, and eventually came to the following conclusion:
It’s neither who you know, nor what you know that counts, but rather, how you use what you know that will ultimately determine your true value, in terms of both fame and fortune.
If something needs to be done, and you are able to complete it in the most effective and efficient manner, then this is a clear example of your own character sending you on your way to earning a reputation. As a consequence, other people will begin to respect you. The more original you can be, the more of yourself you can apply to, or express in your actions; the more your reputation will be enhanced. People will trust you; have faith in you.
But did I hear someone say ‘Faith can move mountains!’?
Not so, sir. Faith is for followers, not leaders. Leaders have confidence and character, and it is leaders who get things done. It is character, not faith that moves mountains, or indeed any obstacle that crosses our paths. Strength of faith is merely an affirmation of our belief in what we follow. Strength of character is the true measure of an effective leader.
And believe it or not, we all have the potential to become leaders. We all possess character, to some degree. In some people, it can be more apparent than in others, because it is our perception of character that determines how we measure it in others. But in order to strengthen our own characters, we have to remember the words of our teachers, so that we may effectively use what we already know.
When I say ‘teachers’, I’m not just referring to our formal educational instructors, but to all the people we’ve met who have influenced us.
Think about it for a moment.
True enough, we learnt many things at school, but our greatest, most valuable lessons were learnt at home, in the playing fields, and on the streets.
Our teachers? 
Parents, family, friends.
I have the greatest respect for all these people. They shaped my thoughts, my dreams, my life.
Unfortunately, a great many of them are no longer with us, and I miss them all terribly. My finest teachers are among them; my grandparents, and the most precious treasures of my life, my parents, God bless them. My respect for these people in particular, is absolute, and unconditional.
The mere thought that I may one day accumulate their collective, supreme wisdom, together with the knowledge that it is my duty to pass this wisdom on to others, causes me to tremble.
To those of little faith, and weak character, who are content to follow; know this:
My critics have often chosen one of two words, to form negative assessments of my achievements, and these words have remained my lifelong companions, because, paradoxically, I’ve come to realise just how appropriately they describe the events that have led to my greatest successes. The words are ‘irony’ and ‘metaphor’. Those who know me personally, will appreciate their significance, and will be able to develop these words into the idiom that best answers my critics, and best summarises my current situation… Poetic Justice.”

The ‘great man’ was none other than the world renowned businessman Charles B. Hatton. He always included the initial ‘B’ in his title, to distinguish him from his father, also Charles; some time writer and photographer.
Formerly a respected figure in the world of commerce, Charles B. had started life, the son and only child of a man who’d tried, and failed.
It was actually on the death of his uncle, that Charles B. came into the inheritance that would set him up for life.
He became the owner of a plot of land, which included a small hotel, a restaurant, and a pub. The land totalled several acres, but the properties had been largely neglected during the lengthy illness which, ultimately brought about the demise of his uncle.
Charles B. made his first million several years later, when he sold the decaying properties to a local housing developer, during the housing boom.  He still owned almost half the land, and seeing the potential income that could be generated from residential dwellings, he used his capital to fund his own building project. He built his own private estate of twelve luxury, detached houses, and with the housing market continuing to be in the ascendancy, these properties, when sold, became the areas first million pound, private homes.
Millions became billions, through shrewd stock market investments. His portfolio included commodities, such as gold and oil, as well as IT investments in hardware, software, and the internet.
His most notable success was the acquisition of struggling local software developers, Securisoft. The three-man outfit was in desperate need of major funding. Charles B. purchased the company for five million pounds. Under his guidance and leadership, they were able to expand rapidly, and developed, amongst other things, the ground breaking total security package that is now a household name; ‘Securisuite’. This company alone is today valued in the billions.
Following his sudden departure from the constant glare of the public spotlight, he became obsessed with protecting the symbols of extreme affluence he’d spent the previous twenty years collecting.
His collection of treasures included items of both historical and intrinsic value, ranging from a fleet of vintage and classic cars, to extensive cellars, filled with vintage wines. Original works of fine art, ancient maps and documents, as well as items of memorabilia that spanned decades in the worlds of sport and popular culture, completed his hoard.
As a whole, the collection was priceless, but even some stand-alone items were so highly sought after, they were valued in the millions individually.
Charles was by no means a young man, when he made his decision to abandon the constant glare and scrutiny of public life.
Most people believed that it was an inevitable consequence of the pressures associated with the lifestyle he had been leading. After all, he was a classic example of someone who had risen from rags to riches, in a relatively short period of time, and this, in the opinion of some social commentators, was bound to render him a little eccentric.
This was an opinion that suited Charles, who, in reality had his own, very personal reasons for keeping his profile as low as possible.
It would not be until several more years had elapsed that he would bid farewell to his reclusive lifestyle, and once again make himself known to the world.

3. Learning Curve


Jason had no clues as to the identity of this ‘great man’, but quickly realised that he must surely be an expert, perhaps a world leader in his field.
Impressed by the concept of Character, Jason resolved to become equally great, equally renowned, equally respected. He decided it didn’t matter who the man might be, or indeed what his field of expertise was. More important to Jason was the content of his speech, and the profound effect these words had on the teenager.
Monday morning meant the start of another week at school, but for Jason, this particular Monday morning heralded the start of something much more significant. This day was the start of his real education.
At fifteen years of age, Jason had never considered himself to be in a position to earn the respect of others, but all that was about to change. Jason understood that there would be no overnight transformation; that it was a process with a course to run. His new found knowledge would help to fuel his ambitions, but he realised he still had much to learn, and this meant that he couldn’t expect to get everything right first time.
Attending school inevitably meant listening to teachers, which was all well and good, as long as they stuck to their specialised subject. It was their interpretation of the word ‘discipline’, and their enforcement of it, not to mention their crude, erratic methods of dealing with offenders that Jason was reluctant to accept.
One teacher in particular was the subject of ridicule and disrespect among the pupils. His name was Mr. Bullock, the Physics Master. Everyone agreed he was an uncompromising character, who enforced the school rules with his own particular brand of intimidating, and often humiliating discipline. Simply put, in the words of the pupils, he could be ‘a bit of a bastard’.
Jason’s mother had been introduced to him once, during a parent-teacher evening, and had returned home with one of her typically, diplomatically ambiguous comments.
“His eyes are too close together.”
Jason preferred the more direct approach, like everyone else at school, and just referred to him by his nickname, ‘Bollock’.
Mr. Bullock had the standard arsenal of classroom punishments for the inattentive, ranging from placing a short length of chalk between a pupil’s front teeth… for talking in class… to drawing a circle on the blackboard, in which to place a pupil’s nose for the duration of the lesson. Accessible only by standing on tiptoes, most people followed Mr. Bullock’s advice and kept their noses in their textbooks.
Slaps to the back of the head were delivered for failing to answer questions correctly, and missiles were hurled at the easily distracted. For more serious offences, Mr. Bullock reverted to even cruder tactics. Lateness was one such intolerable offence, for which no excuses would be accepted.
Lawson, a pupil with a reputation for indiscipline, arrived late for class one day, having just returned from the headmaster’s office where he’d received three lashes of the strap on each hand, for a fight someone else had started. His face was a mass of bruises, and he had scrapes and grazes to his hands and arms. Enraged by Lawson’s apparent neglect for punctuality, Mr. Bullock actually kicked the poor lad in the groin; justifying his actions by stating it was the only place left undamaged by the fight.
As everyone knew, Mr. Bullock could be ‘a bit of a bastard’.
Physics was Jason’s weakest subject; he’d never scored more than twenty five per cent in any exam he’d taken in the discipline. So it came as no surprise that when he unexpectedly joined the ‘O’ level class, Mr. Bullock’s immediate reaction was to tell Jason to drop the subject, in order to concentrate on his other studies.
Mr. Bullock’s actual words were,
“Drop it, or I’ll drop you… No one fails in my class.”
Of course Jason kept it on, in defiance; not to prove any point… he just wanted the extra qualification.
Jason only ever had one brush with Mr. Bullock’s temper, after which a mutual, if uncomfortable, understanding was established.
Some new equipment was being delivered to the recently completed IT block, and Jason was staring out of the window as the computers were being unloaded. He heard the question, “What do we know about Newton?” But his reaction on hearing his own  name mentioned, was just a little too slow. As he turned to face the teacher, he could see the blackboard duster heading in his direction. Jason attempted to dodge out of the way, but the wooden edge caught his right cheekbone, leaving a small cut. The duster deflected off Jason’s face, to the desk immediately behind, where ‘Swotty’ Lucas was busy filling his fountain pen from an ink bottle. The duster hit the bottle, spilling its contents all over Lucas’ desk.
“Well Jason Turner, what do we know about Newton?” were Mr. Bullock’s unapologetic, and unsympathetic words.
Calmly, Jason turned around to Lucas’ desk, and as he mopped up the spilled ink, using the spongy side of the blackboard duster, he began to speak.
“Newton has three laws of motion. I forget one and two, but here’s number three.”
 Walking slowly and deliberately towards the teacher’s desk, he recited, confidently,
“For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.”
He slammed the duster down into Mr. Bullock’s proffered palm, squeezing it into his hand on impact, until the blue ink ran down the teacher’s wrist, and onto his shirtsleeve.
“There you go, Bollock,” he said, flicking blood from his cheek into the startled teacher’s face.
Jason placed as much emphasis as he could on the word ‘Bollock’, just to let Mr. Bullock know that he could be a bit of a bastard too, when he wanted.
Mr. Bullock never crossed Jason again, who studied hard for his ‘O’ levels, passing every subject… except Physics. He left school with the dubious distinction of being the first, perhaps only, pupil ever to have failed Mr. Bullock’s ‘O’ level course.
If Mr. Bullock had taught Jason anything, it was never to look up to people who look down on you.

Several months after leaving school, Jason started work. It was not only his first job, but unbeknown to Jason, it was also his last.
He had been taken on as an unskilled operative, at a local aluminium fabricator’s unit. His first day, which was the start of his training, was spent watching the various processes involved, so that he could become familiar with the way the factory operated. On his second day, he was given his first task to perform. He stood and watched a fully skilled operative producing pull-cords for cord operated volume control dampers, to be fixed to the back of ceiling mounted air diffusers. The skilled technician had a large ball of nylon cord, a tape measure, a marker pen, and a craft knife. Using the tape measure and marker pen, he carefully measured and marked exactly one metre of nylon cord, measured once more, to ensure accuracy, took the craft knife from the breast pocket of his overall, detracted the blade, and cut the cord. He retracted the blade of the craft knife, returned the knife to his breast pocket, and picked up his tape measure, in order to check once more the accuracy of his work.
“Measure twice, cut once,” he instructed, with a smile and a wink.
The skilled man was about to repeat his feat, before turning the task over to Jason, who should consider himself fully trained for the operation, after one final demonstration.
Instead, Jason walked away, and headed for the central stores. He returned with a claw hammer, two, three-inch nails, his own ball of nylon cord, and his own craft knife. The two nails were knocked into the workbench, approximately one metre apart, leaving an inch or so protruding from the bench surface. Next he took the nylon cord, and tied one end to one of the nails, before working the cord from nail to nail, in a circular motion. He wrapped the cord around, a dozen or more times, then lifted the craft knife from the bench, with blade already detracted, and cut the cord at the two points it touched the nails.
“Right, what’s next?” asked Jason.

Inevitably, Jason didn’t remain unskilled for long. He was promoted to Chargehand, over a group considered to be the most highly skilled in the factory, before taking a position as Production Planner. His new duties included vetting all orders for content, sorting them into standard jobs, which could be issued direct to the shop floor, and non-standard jobs, which had to be sent to the Engineering Department in order to have technical drawings produced. He also had to apply times to each operation, in order to load the factory with the correct amount of work. As well as this, he had to chair, minute, and distribute copies of the minutes of a daily production meeting. It was clear that the paranoid management, forever looking over their shoulders, to see who was threatening their positions, were attempting to overload Jason to breaking point. But Jason didn’t think he was being overloaded. Whatever extra duties management could think of to throw his way, Jason always managed to find a more efficient working method.

Jason became alarmed at the rapid expansion in the size of the stores, which were beginning to encroach onto production space. For reasons known only to himself, the stores manager had adopted a policy of ‘buy now, pay now, as well as later’, and decided to bulk-buy a large quantity of aluminium extrusions, with nowhere to house it all. Jason was unable to see where any problems lay in stock control, and after a quiet word with the evidently innumerate stores manager, took over the ordering of aluminium extrusions.
It took almost eighteen months, but by using historical usage reports, and setting up a twenty four hour delivery service from the stockist, while dispensing with minimum order quantities, Jason was able to reduce the value of in-house stock holding from over one million pounds, to less than fifty thousand.
He saw an opening in the new product line, which the team he still referred to as ‘my lads’ had made into something of a success story. The product line was an entire range of architectural weathering accessories, which the company supplied in modular units to its customers, the mechanical and electrical engineering contractors, who fitted the units on both new buildings, and refurbishments, nationwide. Sales were woefully under-achieved by the inept field sales team, who, in order to secure business, as well as their own commissions, often sold at forty per cent discount.
Jason put it to the Managing Director that the company should be selling direct to the main contractors at something more like list plus forty per cent, installing the units themselves, thereby cutting out the middle men, the M&E subcontractors, and keeping their cut. It was quite clear to Jason that the M&E subcontractors were making more from the deal than the suppliers.
It took several months of arguments to break the MD’s will, but eventually, and in all probability seeing it as a way to get rid of Jason, he was issued with the ultimatum:
“Make it pay in six months, or take your half baked ideas elsewhere.”
For the Managing Director of an engineering company, Jason thought, he made a decidedly average accountant. In fairness to the man though, Jason was awarded a fat salary, befitting his new title ‘Contracts Manager’, a mobile telephone that was immediately locked in a filing cabinet, under ‘obsolete’, and a high specification company car.
The first thing Jason did, was to commission a full colour, glossy product brochure. Then, using a business directory, he mail-shotted every architect listed. He’d introduced a brand new product coding, that was difficult for competitors to decipher, and had written technical specifications that appeared ambiguous, but were in fact, entirely pertinent to the manufacturing process. He offered a complete package, from concept and design, through manufacturing, delivery, and installation, with optional after-sales servicing. To further strengthen the package, he also offered a lifetime guarantee, something that the MD had warned him not to do. However, Jason reasoned that architects like things that come with guarantees; it takes the onus away from them, and leaves it firmly in the hands of the manufacturer. Besides, Jason liked writing guarantees; it meant that every clause he included could be followed immediately by a disclaimer.
His aim was simple; to force the architects to specify the products for which he was responsible. This meant that no one else could be used; at least in theory. Naturally, there would always be someone who was unhappy with the price, and would try to break the specification by complaining to the architect, who just sometimes, would revise the drawings, to include the words ‘or similar’, after the specified company’s name.
It made little difference; within the six month deadline, a product range that had had to compete with every man and his dog for orders, had become one for which Jason was quoting only enquiries for which the company was specified outright. Continuous shifts were required to cope with the additional workload, and Jason had two teams of engineers covering installations.
The product range had become the success it deserved to be, and that Jason had predicted, not for his own benefit, not even for the company; purely for the common sense of it. A product line worth a mere four hundred thousand pounds a year, had been transformed into a business in its own right, with an annual turnover of two point five million.
The MD, swallowing his pride, came to see Jason in his office, and in a stuttering voice, with red face, and staring at his shoes throughout, thanked Jason, in a roundabout way, for his efforts.
Hollow words indeed. Within another year, the company had folded, and the entire workforce, Jason included, were redundant.

At twenty five years of age, Jason was unemployed, but he didn’t want to become just another statistic. He couldn’t bear the indignity of signing-on every fortnight, and receiving a patronising, in his view, Social Security cheque. ‘Unemployment Benefit’ was a contradiction in terms to him; where was the benefit in being officially unemployed? How was it possible to benefit from receiving such a paltry amount?
He’d always accepted, and willingly complied with the fact that taxes and National Insurance contributions were necessary deductions. But these were always considered by him to exist in order that people less fortunate than himself could have a roof over their heads, an education, and adequate healthcare. Of course there would always be those who would try to cheat, or take advantage of any system. But these were things that he also accepted as inevitable consequences of offering something, however small, for nothing. Besides, Jason had always been careful with money, and had managed to maintain a healthy bank balance. His severance settlement had also been generous. Most of the workforce had had to settle for the national minimum. But as a gesture of gratitude for the contribution he had made to prolong the life of the company as a going concern, he had been rewarded by the Financial Director… not the MD. The FD had reached into his own pocket, and doubled the standard amount. He also allowed Jason to keep his company car, solving immediate transport problems.
Suitable alternative employment was not as easy to obtain as perhaps Jason thought it might be, and where it was available, the powers that be, possibly felt threatened by the prospect of employing somebody whose rise had been so meteoric in his previous employment.

Jason became used to having nothing to do. He was no workaholic, and put his adjustment down to his ability to adapt. He didn’t follow a routine as such, but most mornings, he found himself visiting the newsagent. He convinced himself this was just to catch up on world events. He was not yet ready to admit that it was in fact, for a brief respite from staring at the same four walls and ceiling all day, and possibly driving himself insane as a result.
It was during one such visit, that he decided to pick up a copy of one of the daily broadsheets, instead of his usual preference for the tabloid press.
“About time I got something more intellectual to read, instead of filling my head with gossip and scandal,” he said to the surprised assistant, as he reached for a copy of of his chosen newspaper.
“And give me one of those half corona cigars,” he added, handing over a crisp twenty pound note.

“That’s more like it,” he smiled, as he turned the ignition on his car.

There’s no harm in a little luxury, even if it is only a one-off, he thought, as he settled down at his kitchen table, to read the newspaper, while he breakfasted on a bowl of cereal, and drank a mug of flat fizzy pop.
This particular edition of the newspaper included a free supplement entitled: Where are they now? He opened this first, and began flicking aimlessly through its pages. Towards the back, a photograph caught his eye, causing him to drop his spoon into his cereal bowl, splashing milk and oat flakes onto the front cover of the magazine. He cursed himself, cleared up the mess, and once again found the page he was seeking. He was sure he’d recognised the face on the photograph, above which was the heading ‘Charles B. Hatton’. The name meant nothing to him, but as he examined the photograph, it dawned on him that this was the likeness of the man who had had such a profound impression on him, what? Ten years ago?
Below the photograph, the page contained four columns, recalling the exploits of a man who had, from humble beginnings, become one of the wealthiest men on the planet, and who, with no warning, and for no apparent reason, had suddenly vanished from the face of the earth.
The piece concluded with the standard offer of cash for information leading to the location or whereabouts of the individual in question.
Jason ran to his bedroom, and pulling the duvet from his bed, reached for his laptop. He was in the habit of surfing the internet late at night, to put himself to sleep. Some people like to read a book; Jason was a man of modern times, so he employed modern methods.
He logged on to the internet and accessed a search engine. He typed c-h-a-r-l-e-s-b-h-a-t-t-o-n, and pressed SEARCH. There were several hundred thousand results for the search ‘Charles B Hatton’, but Jason was so intrigued by the man, especially since he had discovered his name, plus a little about him, that he checked them all in turn. Many of the links could be dismissed, as they were clearly not what he was searching for, which was specific information about this stranger than fiction character.
Jason spent the entire morning sifting through the search results, learning much about this enigmatic man, but nothing that fully satisfied his curiosity. He felt deflated; surely there was more to this person than met the eye. With this thought racing through his mind, Jason closed his eyes, and fell asleep.
He dreamt strange dreams that he could not figure out the meaning of when he awoke, but when the fuzziness had cleared from his head, he remembered something that had perhaps subconsciously remained dormant in the back of his mind these past ten years.
What he remembered were the words ‘irony’ and ‘metaphor’; the words he recalled from the speech Charles B. Hatton had delivered ten years ago. He rapidly typed ‘irony and metaphor’, and just as rapidly pressed ENTER. Again there were several hundred thousand results for this search, and Jason spent the remainder of the afternoon sifting through them, in order to determine which ones may hold any significance; any relevance.
Eventually he spotted what he believed he may be looking for. He read “The words are ‘irony’ and ‘metaphor’, those who know me personally will….”
The key words, ‘irony and metaphor’, were highlighted in blue, inviting a visit to a link.
“This is it, this is it, this is it!” Jason squealed excitedly as he clicked on the link from the great man’s speech.
What Jason discovered next, disappointed him slightly. He’d been so excited by his word association discovery, he’d not even bothered to scrutinize the link. He found himself on a Bloggers site, which didn’t appear to have very much to offer. The only post it contained, bore that day’s date, but appeared to be just a random collection of numbers, letters and punctuation strokes, almost as though someone had attempted to post a serious item of news, a piece of trivia, or whatever else Bloggers get up to, but had encountered some kind of keyboard malfunction. Until, that was, Jason noticed a combination of keystrokes that appeared to make sense; perfect sense to Jason, at least perfect in the sense that he recognised, remembered, or was somewhat, somehow familiar with, the sequence, from what? Ten years ago? What he saw was the phrase, or idiom, ‘poetic justice’, embedded within the jumbled mess of random keystrokes that made up the bulk of the post.
He quickly clicked on the link, only to find himself on yet another Blogsite, containing a post that read:
‘If you are seeking poetic justice for yourself; check out the offer, available for one day only, to those who qualify - click the link - to find out more’.
This link led to a further Blogsite, again, containing only a single post. Just as the previous Blog, it was marked with that day’s date, but this time, it contained a short passage in the form of a crude poem entitled, ‘The Answer Is In The Question’.

Been there, done that, seen it all,
Within reach, then hit a wall?
No way up, no way round?
Same old same old, till you found
A new approach, a change of style
Should have known it all the while
Why men rise, why men fall
A game of chance – or justice for all?

It seemed to Jason, that he had taken a very long-winded tour of the internet, only to fall for some kind of cyber prank.
He thought it over for a few moments, before deciding to continue playing the game. No links to click this time, leaving only one thing he could do.
He had the idea of posting a comment, and returning to the site occasionally, to see if it had prompted any response. He couldn’t imagine anyone else going to the same lengths as he had, just to follow a hunch, but as he guided the cursor towards the bottom of the screen, in order to post his comment, he noticed, surprisingly, that there was already one comment posted. What are the chances of that? He thought.
“Ok,” he said to himself, “let’s see what kind of things anyone has to say about this then.”
The comment asked the question:
‘On your way up, but failed to fulfil your true potential, due to the stupidity or short-sightedness of others?’
The question was followed by an invitation:
 ‘If you are seeking poetic justice for yourself, pay me a visit. You can virtually arrange it for yourself. But hurry, I won’t be there after mid-day tomorrow.
What do you say? What’s the answer?’
That was it, just an elaborate advertisement for some kind of heavy duty salesman job! Or was it? The comment had been posted by the same person who’d posted the poem, the same person who’d posted the link to that poem, and the same person who’d planted ‘poetic justice’, in the middle of a bunch of random, jumbled keystrokes; somebody who went by the name, Albert Hanschot.
Perhaps the game continues?
Jason’s brain was working overtime, and once something got him thinking, he had to pursue it, to find out whether or not there was any logical conclusion.
He was good with anagrams, and quickly realised that Albert Hanschot, was in fact, an anagram of Charles B. Hatton.
“The plot thickens,” he said aloud. “Now how do I get to pay this elusive character a visit? Think for a moment…
‘You can virtually arrange it for yourself’… It has to be a website, but how do I find it? On his other Blog he wrote a poem called ‘The Answer Is In The Question’. Was it just a crap poem, or was it really some kind of riddle?
If the answer really is in the question, and you don’t even know what the question is; how do you ever come up with the answer?”
So near, yet so far; so simple, yet so complicated. Unknown answers from unknown questions. This guy has a serious frustration fetish.
Think, think about Game Shows; super show host, Danny Dildo, envelope in hand, fluorescent green suit; nervous contestant, stands to win two hundred quid.
‘We asked the question, ‘What’s the answer?’ You said, ‘Dunno’. Our audience said, ‘Dunno’. And the answer is……’
Jason said it for himself,
“In the question...”
He physically assaulted the keyboard, with the power that was surging through his fingertips.
He typed ‘inthequestion.com’ and punched ENTER.
It seemed to take forever, but Jason’s eyes grew wider as he watched finding site become, website found, become start downloading, become done.
The smiling face of Albert Hanschot greeted Jason. It looked remarkably similar to the photograph of Charles B. Hatton he’d seen in the newspaper supplement that morning. Scrolling down, below the photograph, Jason began to read:

Remember me? Yes, I’m the man who shook the tree and left it bare, hoarded my harvest and disappeared. I make no apology, but I do feel that now is the time to redeem myself.
Do you have the speed of thought, the presence of mind, the dogged determination to live in contentment beyond your wildest dreams?
Well, you got this far. You must have something about you that other people don’t have. Let’s find out what it is. Just click in the box that says ‘e-mail us’, fill in the form that will appear in place of the usual set-up, and click in the appropriate place to send it to me.
It is not a joke, a hoax, or anything sinister.
I look forward to hearing from you.

The form looked just like a standard job application, and Jason was once more thinking along the lines of heavy duty salesman job. Despite this, he filled it in, including personal details, education, employment history, and future aspirations.
“So what if it is just a job? If I don’t like it, I don’t have to take it.”
What a day; he’d only wanted to change his newspaper, to obtain a more thought provoking version of world events.
“See what happens when you act on impulse? I’ve not even had chance to read the news.”

A week or so later, Jason received an e-mail. In the box marked ‘subject’, were the words ‘poetic justice’. He could feel the excitement surging through his body as he began to read the message:

Hi Jason,

Thanks for submitting your details.
I am currently processing your information.
It makes interesting reading.
But, be patient, Jason, it  may take some time.
I’ll contact you again personally.
You will not be able to send e-mails to me, only reply to the ones I send to you.

Please acknowledge receipt of this e-mail using the reply function.

Kind regards

Charles B Hatton

Jason replied that he had indeed received the mail, and that he was looking forward to further contact.

During the course of the next three months, Jason received more e-mails, on a regular basis, all of which amounted to no more than reminders that his details were still in the sausage machine, and was he still interested in ‘poetic justice’…?
If he were honest about it, he didn’t even know what ‘poetic justice’ actually referred to, but he continued to reply in the affirmative; anxious to discover exactly what the final outcome of this game might be.
Jason no longer kept his mobile telephone hidden in a filing cabinet. In fact, he very rarely went anywhere without it… so he was ready for the call when it came. He had actually been expecting yet another e-mail, but when his phone began ringing, and the caller I.D was not recognised, he guessed correctly that it might have something to do with ‘poetic justice’.
The subject was never far away from his mind, and he actually guessed ‘poetic justice’ every time the phone rang, every time there was a knock at the door, and every time he saw someone he didn’t recognise…

“Hello; am I speaking with Jason Turner?”
“Hello. Yes. Speaking.”
“This is Ron Parker, Mr. Hatton’s personal assistant; Mr. Charles B. Hatton.”
“Good morning. Is this something to do with ‘poetic justice’…?”
“Good morning, Jason. Yes, it is indeed. Now tell me; what are your plans for the next few days?”
“I haven’t made any yet.”
“Well don’t make any. A car will come to pick you up at ten a.m, tomorrow”
“It’s a bit cloak and dagger!”
“Second thoughts?”
“Not at all, it all adds to the intrigue.”
“Bring an overnight bag, just in case.”
“Sounds scary. Ha ha.”
“Not at all, I can assure you of that, Jason.”
“In that case, I’ll be waiting.”
“Thank you. Goodbye Jason.”
“Bye.”

Another piece in the puzzle, but the picture was far from clear.

The following morning, Jason awoke early, showered, shaved, and then spent three hours alternately looking at the TV and his wristwatch.
He hadn’t known what to wear, because he really didn’t know whether he would be attending a job interview, or merely getting the chance to meet an elderly, eccentric man, who may or may not have something worthwhile to offer him, or even say to him.
Playing it safe, he opted for the smart casual look, and wore, for the first time in more than six months, a pair of smart trousers, and a button-fronted dress shirt.
The vehicle pulled up on the road outside the house. Jason had left his own car in the driveway of the smart semi-detached residence, preventing other vehicles from entering. He was watching from the living room window, and saw the vehicle, which he was unable to recognise, draw to a halt.
A young man, perhaps a little older than Jason, dressed in a business suit, stepped from the passenger side, and began to approach the house. Jason went to the front door, and opened it, ready to extend his greetings.
“Jason Turner, I presume?” said the suited stranger.
“Yes. You must be Mr. Hatton’s, er….?”
“Ron Parker, we spoke on the phone yesterday.”
“Of course, pleased to meet you, Mr. Parker.”
“Ron is fine, we can dispense with the formalities.”
“I wasn’t expecting you to come personally, Ron, judging from our phone conversation.”
“Wouldn’t normally, but Charles thought it would go down well if someone close to him were to do the honours. That ‘someone’ was always going to be me, but I still jumped at the chance. It makes such a pleasant change to get to meet and spend some time with real people, if you get my meaning.”
“Well, from the little I’ve learnt about your employer, I can imagine the post of Personal Assistant must be pretty much all work, no play.”
“Tell me about it. Do you like cars, Jason?” asked Ron, ushering Jason towards the waiting vehicle.
“Not my field of expertise, but I do like the look of this beauty.”
“Hoped you’d say that. Any idea what it is?”
“Not a clue.”
“Well, it’s a ninety eight limited edition Winchester UFO turbo, built for the company’s fiftieth anniversary. One of only fifty ever made. Used to belong to… well, never mind, but it’s got three hundred and fifty horses under the bonnet.”
“Impressive,” smiled Jason.
Ron held the rear door open for Jason, and invited him inside.
“Make yourself at home,” he said. “We’ve got a three hour drive ahead of us.”
The expression ‘at home’ was the appropriate choice of words. Inside, the extended rear section resembled a small living room. A pair of reclining leather armchairs replaced the conventional rear bench seat, and a large plasma screen TV almost filled the partition separating front from rear, and leaving the driver isolated behind the wheel.
Jason sank into the embrace of this luxury, and smiled, while Ron took the seat next to him.
The engine started up noiselessly, and the complete absence of the effects of motion, as the car gently pulled away, made it appear that it was the scenery outside that was moving, and not the vehicle.
A menu appeared on the TV screen, containing a list of movies stored on its hard drive, as well as touch-screen instructions. A small drinks cabinet, containing a selection of alcoholic, as well as soft drinks, revealed itself from behind a sliding panel, and a selection of snacks appeared in the same way.
“I could get used to this,” sighed Jason, as he reclined his seat for optimum comfort.
The two men chatted idly together to pass the time, occasionally taking a brief glance at the TV, which was playing quietly in front of them.
As the car completed its journey, the TV switched itself off, and retracted into the roof space above the driver, while the snacks and drinks disappeared in similar fashion.
“Comfortable journey?” asked Ron.
“Luxury,” answered Jason.
“We’re almost there now,” continued Ron as the car was steered onto a tree-lined minor road. A mile or so down, the road forked to left and right. Access to the right was unrestricted, but to the left, speed bumps preceded a gateway, flanked by high, stone walls, and blocked by a solid timber, barn-style door.
The faceless chauffeur reached his gloved hand to a keypad built into the dashboard, and pressed a series of keys. The way ahead cleared as the massive doors began to swing inwards, and the chauffeur was able to complete his journey.

The chauffeur held open the rear door as Ron and Jason dismounted the vehicle.
“Welcome to the home of Charles B. Hatton,” he announced.
The building which stood before them was not quite what Jason was expecting. He had imagined a palace, or a mansion; perhaps even a converted castle, befitting a man of limitless wealth. What he found himself staring at, appeared to be no more than a modest two-storey farmhouse. He felt a little disappointed, until he reasoned that this must be just one of many properties belonging to Charles B. Hatton. No doubt there were mansions, palaces and castles located elsewhere; all owned by the multi-billionaire.
Ron led the way, and Jason was shown into the building. Inside, Jason’s disappointment continued. The front door opened into a single, large room, which took up the entire ground floor area. It contained only a hefty dining table with four solid wooden chairs. There were no windows or doors in the plain, whitewashed walls, which stood to three sides of the building, around a cold, stone floor. The only natural light in the room was provided by two small panes, either side of the front door. Timber beams and columns, strategically placed, provided support for the upper floor, and an open wooden stairway clung to the back wall, providing access.
Just then, the lights came on, and Ron explained,
“Home improvements; it’s not finished yet. Upstairs is a bit more comfortable.”
At the top of the wooden staircase, a corridor dissected the upper floor. Each side of the corridor were three doors. Behind each door, presumably, a room. Jason later discovered that the three doors on one side, led to bedrooms, while on the other side, a further bedroom, a bathroom and a kitchen.
A further staircase, this one carpeted, was situated at the opposite end of the corridor, leading up to the converted loft area.
Ron guided Jason towards these stairs, and ushered him up. The two men entered what would have been the largest room in the house, had the interior walls on the ground floor not been removed.
At the backside, the north side, two large dormer windows provided daylight, and views to the back of the property. Jason quickly glanced out of them, and noticed at least two more buildings, similar in size and style to this one, within easy walking distance.
A luxurious carpet lined the floor of the loft. Bookshelves, filled with thousands of volumes, stood to one side of the room, while centrally, a suite of three leather couches, overlooked a giant TV screen.
It wasn’t until he took a second look towards the leather suite, that Jason noticed the two men lounging on two of the couches.
“Come on,” said Ron, “there’s a couple of guys I’d like to introduce you to.”
The sound of Ron’s voice distracted the two other guests, who hurriedly adjusted their posture, to a regular seated position.
“Robert Sharpe.” Ron addressed the silver haired, slightly older looking one first. “This is Jason Turner.”
“Call me Bob,” said Bob.
“Good to meet you, Bob,” Jason offered.
“You too, Jason,” returned Bob.
They shook hands, while Ron turned towards the other man.
“And this is Kevin, Kevin Lake,” said Ron.
“Hello Jason. How do you do?” asked Kevin, offering his hand.
“I’m good,” replied Jason, gripping it firmly.
Jason took up position on the third leather couch, while Ron excused himself.
“I’m going to have to leave you alone for a short while now. I have to inform Charles that everyone has arrived, and I’m sure there will be one or two items of business to get up to speed with. It’s been a long while since I spent a full morning away from the place.
Why don’t the three of you get acquainted? I’ll only be half an hour or so.”

4. Catch Up


Bob and Kevin explained that they’d both arrived separately, a short time ago, from different parts of the country. They had as little idea about exactly why they’d been invited as Jason had, but like Jason, they both believed they were there to take part in some kind of job interview or selection process.
“But what about all that stuff on the internet? Don’t you think that’s a bit of a strange way of selecting candidates?” asked Jason.
“Internet?” they both enquired.
Jason began relating his story, starting from his first encounter with Charles B. Hatton, at fifteen years of age, and the impression Charles’ words had left on him; what he’d been doing for the past ten years, and culminating in his arrival at the farmhouse, and meeting with the two of them.
 Bob and Kevin listened, without interruption, unsure of what to make of it all. Finally Bob began to tell his own story.
“Kevin knows this already, but apparently, Hatton and I attended the same secondary school. He was there years before my time, and I’d already left years before anyone had even heard of him. I only found out about him by accident, years later. I just found it hard to believe that anyone who went to our school could turn out so wealthy! Most kids left at sixteen, went straight to the Dole to sign on, and are probably still signing on now. I did a bit better, slightly better, than that. I did my ‘A’ levels and went to university. I’d always wanted to be a teacher.
Have you ever been to Asia, Jason?”
“I went to Goa for a holiday, a couple of years back; best three weeks I’ve spent in a long time.”
“I spent about ten years out there, teaching; mainly in Cambodia. Friends thought I was crazy. Even though it was years after it had all finished, stories of Pol Pot and The Killing Fields, were all anybody knew about the place.
But I’m rushing ahead.
After I finished university, I found it really difficult to cope with things. I was coming down from a major high. I really thought university was the be all and end all, that people would now respect me, and that finding a good teaching position would just be a natural progression; a formality. I just wasn’t prepared for the severity of the anti-climax. I found out I was just the same as everybody else, after all. Not quite the same though; while I’d spent my youth studying, everyone else had got themselves a life!
Never mind, I thought, I’ll get over it; things can only get better. I cheered myself up, and started applying for jobs, but three years of trying, almost making it several times, only to keep getting pipped at the post, took their toll on me. I became disillusioned, and turned to the bottle for solace. I spent another couple of years not even knowing what day it was half the time.
Towards the end of that time, in one of my clearer periods, I picked up a local newspaper, and read about the centenary celebrations that had just taken place at my old school. Hatton was just starting to make a name for himself, and was mentioned as a past pupil.
Like I said, this news amazed me. As he became a regular feature in newspapers, on the telly, everywhere you went… you couldn’t get away from the guy at one time… I guess I just became obsessed with him. I suppose I was really hoping to discover the secret of his success, praying that some of it would rub off on me.
I was on a mission. At last I had a purpose, and I gradually kicked the booze into touch.
It took a few years, but with the help of locals who’d known him personally, I was able to piece together the story so far, of Hatton’s life. I had enough information to compile a biography. And that’s what I did. Only I could never get close enough to Hatton himself, to get his seal of approval on it. This was at the time when he was big news, so I had no problems getting it published. And it sold pretty well, for a while. Then Hatton disappeared, and interest in him rapidly faded. The royalty cheques slowed down to a trickle, then stopped. I’d made a bit of money from it, but I’d really expected the book to make me a millionaire.
Still, things were looking up; an old student friend from university, an American called Ben, had been in touch. He told me about fantastic teaching opportunities in Asia; that he was looking for a partner to help him open an English language school somewhere out there, and that I, being native English, was his first choice. He sounded so convincing, so enthusiastic; he completely sold me on the idea. I had all the qualifications, so I arranged to meet with him, and discuss it in detail.
I’d been writing this and that since the biography… mainly articles for magazines… earning enough to keep my bread buttered, without having to dig into my savings; so I had the money, if it came to it.
Two years later, we were in Asia, in business, and things were just getting better and better.
Only I missed England all the time I was over there. It was always too hot, or too wet. Even when it was wet, it was too hot. Don’t get me wrong, I had some wonderful times. People, places, adventures, experiences were all so much more interesting and memorable than anything I’d known before. But I was basically your traditional Englishman, and I just found it impossible to wash that inherent ‘Englishness’ out of my system. In fact, I made it my mission to preserve this tradition, and actively set about the task.
Take rice, for instance. I could never get used to the idea of eating rice with every meal. Lucky for me I was able to find a restaurant that served fish and chips; not like a proper chip shop, but a decent substitute. It also served bacon toasties, and mugs of tea. Some of the other teachers told me where I could get the best full English breakfast; they even knew a place that did shepherd’s pie, and a supermarket that sold authentic butcher’s sausages… not that American hot-dog crap you could see everywhere.
Local markets sold all the fruit and vegetables available in greengrocers in the UK, and not just the stuff you associate with Asia, which you can even pick up in supermarkets here now… so that side of things was OK. Of course they also sold all sorts of other stuff you couldn’t even put a name to.
Best of all, I was living with my Cambodian girlfriend, and I taught her how to make cauliflower cheese, just like my dear old mum, God bless her, used to make. Whenever she served it up, I’d turn the air conditioning on full blast, close my eyes and count to ten, before taking a mouthful. I’ll tell you Jason…” Here, he sighed. “It was just like being back in Blighty…
Almost ten years, it lasted; then one day I went to the school to find it locked up, with chains across all the doorways.
We’d never trusted the banks out there, and because everything was paid in cash, we kept all the money in a safe in Ben’s house, which was attached to the school. 
He’d only taken the lot and done a runner…!
When I got back to my apartment, my girlfriend was gone too. I later found out she was in on the whole thing with him.
Shortly after, I returned to England. Then, one day, a few months ago, I opened my mail, and found a letter from Securisoft. It appeared to be a letter to apply for some kind of position, and contained a form, which I filled in and returned. At regular intervals I was reminded, by post, that I’d not been forgotten. Then, just a couple of days ago, it might have even been yesterday, I got a phone call informing me I was going to meet Charles B. Hatton.
So here I am.”
Jason nodded and smiled, but made no further comment, anxious to hear Kevin’s story. Analysis and inquest could wait until later.
Kevin started to speak.
“I’ve met Charles before; several times in fact. I’m a chef by trade; always wanted my own restaurant, but I guess that’ll probably never happen now.
I was working in a small restaurant, must be more than fifteen years ago now. It was my first job after leaving catering college. Nothing special, but I was doing what I enjoyed, and being paid for it. I got permission to try a few things I’d picked up from college, and some of them were added to the menu as special courses, for a trial period. Some of them went down OK, others were not so popular. But I had this thing I used to do with lamb… dead simple! It was one of those dishes where you could take all the ingredients to the table, and cook it in front of the customer; a chance to show off a bit. It became quite popular, and people used to visit us from all over, just so they could say they’d tried it.
Anyway, Charles B. Hatton was in town, on business, and I guess he got to hear about it, because he often came in. He was only in town about three weeks, but he’d eat there a couple of times a week. He’d always order the same dish, asking for me by name. For a short time, we became quite good friends… We got on with each other at least, and we were on first name terms…
To cut a long story short, I reported for work one day, and was summonsed to the General Manager’s office. He handed me an envelope, and told me he had to let me go. My experimental methods had proved too costly and unpopular… allegedly. The rest of the team was carrying me, and I was now more of a liability than an asset.
Complete bullshit… but the decision had already been made, and I was out. I took the envelope, and said goodbye to the place I’d helped to transform into a popular, trendy eatery, from what…? No more than a jumped-up soup kitchen!
Shortly afterwards, the restaurant changed its name. All my ‘experiments’ had returned to the menu, and been re-christened, with names that implied they were the brainchild of the head chef. He’d stolen my ideas, and claimed them as his own… and there was nothing I could do about it…
I’ve spent the past ten tears laying on buffets for weddings and private functions; always watching my back to see who’s going to take that away from me.
A few weeks ago, out of the blue, I got a letter, hand written, from Charles.
‘Remember me?’ it said, then went on to say how much he’d like to meet up with me again, and that he may have something of interest to discuss with me. A bit vague, I thought, but I replied to the P.O box address he’d left, and told him I’d love to meet and catch up.
So… as Bob said… here I am.”
Jason could see the similarities in both of their stories, but was left wondering how he, who knew almost nothing of Charles B. Hatton, prior to picking up a ‘quality’ newspaper, in a moment of boredom, had come to be here. Both Bob and Kevin had spoken of events in their lives that actually linked them, more directly in Kevin’s case, with the man. He found it difficult to believe that a series of mere coincidences had led him here.
What he’d written in the original form he’d filled in, and sent back to Charles, had included mention of his memory of Charles’ televised speech. He’d been keen to write of the impression these words had left on him, but, he thought, it must have been more than just this that had provoked his selection.
After all Charles was, now just as much as before, a very intelligent man, who would not be impressed by mere flattery.
Perhaps then, it was his persistence on the internet that had paid off. He’d followed each link, finding his way through the maze with which he was faced, with a combination of clever word associations and lateral thinking.

5. Gridlock


Ron re-entered the room.
“Sorry I was a little longer than expected. Something came up. But Charles is ready to meet you all now; he’s waiting downstairs.”
The three men followed Ron down the two flights of stairs, into the bare, empty room that was the ground floor.
At the bottom of the second flight, two men, dressed in white overalls, each held what appeared to be a body scanning device, similar to those used in airports, to check for items that may be concealed in clothing.
“It’s nothing to be alarmed about,” said Ron, “just a simple, but effective Biometric scanning device. It will collect some data from each of you as you pass, allowing you access to certain parts of our system.”
Bob, Kevin and Jason continued their descent to the ground floor, without argument.
The table in the centre of the room had disappeared, leaving only the four wooden chairs. On each of three of the chairs had been placed a small package. As the men approached, Ron cleared his throat, and began tospeak.
“Sit down please gentlemen, and open up your packages.”
Ron remained standing, while the three visitors complied. Inside each package was a clear plastic case containing a pair of black contact lenses, and two tiny ear inserts. 
Ron spoke again.
“Allow me to introduce you to Ubiquity; a device which allows you to view the world in a unique way. I’m sure you’ve all heard of ‘virtual reality’, well, this is not that, it’s more like ‘enhanced reality’.
Let me explain…
Using advanced optical techniques, the device is able to receive ultra-high definition three-dimensional, live images with full, three hundred and sixty degree viewing aspect. To the viewer the images seem real, which they are; almost like actually being there. Sights and sounds are completely natural. Touch, taste and smell are still at the development stage, but will be available, I’m sure, in the not-too-distant future. 
Why Ubiquity? 
At the moment somewhat a misnomer, as only one location at a time may be chosen from the menu. But soon, I’m sure, we will have developed the capability to choose all locations simultaneously.
Believe it or not, there is a commercially available version of Ubiquity, extreme wealth permitting, in operation as we speak. But we may get the opportunity to talk about that at a later date.
Your devices are pre-programmed for the purposes of this demonstration, but go ahead, try them.”
All three quickly donned the equipment, to find they were shrouded in complete darkness. Then the void cleared, and an image appeared. They found themselves seated in what appeared to be the same room, but, in front of them, sitting in the fourth chair, was a man they instantly recognised as Charles B. Hatton.
As the scene became clear, they realised there was something different about their surroundings. Ron Parker had vanished, and it appeared a cage of steel bars had been drawn around them. On closer inspection, they were able to determine that it was not just a single cage, but a cage inside a series of connecting cages, laid out in a square grid.
Charles B. Hatton raised his hand to his face, and cleared his throat.
“Good afternoon gentlemen. My name is Charles B. Hatton. Welcome to my world,” he said, “or at least, a metaphor for it.
What you see around you is not an optical illusion; it is quite real. Only, the three of you are not actually here, you are in fact, still back at the farmhouse. You are experiencing a phenomenon we call ‘Ubiquity’, as I’m sure Mr. Parker explained.
Using the wonders of modern technology, you have been ‘virtually’, to use an expression you may be more familiar with, transported to my ‘prison cell’ or, to be more precise, ‘cells’.
Using the same techniques, I am able to see and hear you, as though you really are here with me. The only difference between us is, whereas I am physically locked in this cell; these cells, by choice, you have the option of terminating this transmission any time you desire, and on removal of your sophisticated communications devices, will find yourselves back in the farmhouse with Mr. Parker. All the freedoms you previously enjoyed will still be there awaiting your return.”
Once more the scene became a dark void, and a message flashed in front of the eyes of the incredulous trio.

‘Transmission terminated, please remove peripheral equipment.’

They removed the devices from their eyes and ears, and saw a smiling Ron Parker sitting in the chair, in place of Charles B. Hatton.
“Do you wish to continue?” he asked.
“I’m intrigued,” said Jason.
“Where’s the harm?” was Bob’s response.
“It’s a bit of a scary concept,” said Kevin “but, if Bob and Jason are up for it, I’ll join them.”
“Replace your equipment,” said Ron. “A bigger decision will face you shortly.”
The three men did as they were instructed, and once more found themselves seated in the presence of Charles B. Hatton, complete with his prison bar surroundings.
“Welcome, once again, to my world,” began Charles. “As you can see, we are in a cage; a cell. Steel bars to all four sides, but each side contains a locked door; a way out. Each door can be unlocked to provide access to the next cell. And when one door closes, another one opens, or can be opened. Here we are presented with further choices; options. And making the right one will have a significant effect on our futures, because each time we unlock a door, we are one step closer to freedom; to success.
As I said, this represents my world; a world in which I have been constantly faced with decisions that have had a significant bearing on my future.
There are four locked doors in each cell; only three of which are available to unlock… except for in the first one; the one from which I am speaking, who’s doors may all be unlocked… The three doors in each of the other cells, represent three choices… The quick getaway, representing a meteoric rise to mediocrity… The step by step escape, representing logical progression to relative comfort… Or the slow but sure approach; often going round in circles, before the ultimate goal is achieved.
Ironic also; the destination, goal, exit; call it what you may, is always in sight… almost in reach… so near, yet so far… But do we really have what it takes in order to get there…? 
Allow me to explain…
We are in the central square of a series of cages… eleven by eleven… one hundred and twenty one in total. Each cage contains four doors. On each door, a keypad, which requires the correct combination of numbers in order to unlock it. A total of two hundred and sixty three doors…
The numbers are not relevant to anything in particular, apart from the nature of this configuration. It is from here that I have chosen to attempt to make my bid to return to reality…
I have lived a life of seclusion these past ten years. You could say it’s been a prison sentence. Now I feel I’ve ‘done my time’, and want to claim my freedom.
I have selected each of you to help me, because I believe you possess the attributes to turn my desire into reality.
You are under absolutely no obligation to do so, but if you agree to accept the challenge I am about to offer you, you will leave this place, or the farmhouse, with a substantial reward for your efforts.
What I want you to do is release me. It won’t be easy; nothing ever is.
Discover the correct combination to any door in this cell to make it to the next level. Once there, the four doors to this cell will be locked for ever. That will leave a choice of three doors in the next cell and three options.
You will receive a clue to the combination of these doors, and whichever door you choose will determine the potential outcome of this challenge.
The door directly opposite to the one by which you choose to have me leave this cell, will provide the opportunity to take the shortest route to your ‘goal’… a straight line out, and only five remaining doors to ‘freedom’… The ‘Direct Hit’.
The door to the left will offer you the chance to accept the next shortest route… in diagonal steps to one of the four corners, and ten remaining doors to ‘freedom’… ‘Ten Steps to Success’.
The door to the right will lead you along the longest route… a logical winding road… a spiral that will require you to visit each cell in the grid, and unlock a further one hundred and twenty doors before your ‘goal’ is achieved… The ‘Scenic Route’.
Points will be awarded for each door unlocked, and a special ‘bonus’ will be awarded on successful completion of the challenge.
One or more of you may wish to decline the challenge, in which case you will be compensated for the time and trouble you have taken so far.
If the challenge is accepted by one or more of you, it may be terminated at any time, by mutual agreement of the challengers. Compensation will be determined by the amount of progress made.
By the same token; if, during any part of the challenge, an incorrect combination is entered, or the challengers are unable to calculate what that combination may be, the challenge will be terminated forthwith, and appropriate compensation will be offered.
The terms of acceptance require that all who accept will work together as a team… There are no further terms or conditions.
But why this elaborate challenge?
Well, as I’ve previously inferred, I suppose the word ‘redemption’ may be the most appropriate one to aid my explanation.
As you know, I am an extremely wealthy man. Ambition and greed have ruled my life.
But what have I ever done to help anyone else?
For sure, I have ‘my charities’, but all the money I possess would only scratch the surface of the needs of the sick, the under privileged, and otherwise unfortunate people in the world.
What I really feel I need to do, in order to achieve a true sense of fulfilment, or perhaps just to ease my conscience a little, is to offer honest people the chance to fulfil their own potential. I’m talking about people like the three of you, of course; people who have harboured ambitions of their own, even set out on the road that would potentially lead them to their goal. And also, like yourselves, people who have been halted in their tracks, through no fault of their own, but by the greed, stupidity, or sheer thoughtlessness of others.
The rewards, or compensation, will be substantial, whatever decision you make. But I will need your decision in exactly one hour from now, or the challenge will be cancelled.
I’ll leave you to consider my proposal, but before I do, I’d like to pass this thought on to you…
Two things that I have always used as guides in my own decision making process are as follows:
Speculate to accumulate.
Things are rarely as they appear.
Thank you very much for your time and patience. I look forward to meeting with you again, one hour from now.”
Again, the scene faded to a dark void, and the message instructing them to remove their Ubiquity equipment, re-appeared.

6. The Decision


The first to react was Kevin.
“Clues, combinations, levels; seems impossible to me. I’m going to have to sleep on it. There’s got to be a catch to it.”
“Well,” said Bob, “I really don’t think Hatton is the kind of guy for practical jokes. He never used to be, anyway. Besides, I’m always up for a challenge, and he says he’s going to sort us out, win or lose. Count me in. What do you think, Jason?”
“I’ve got a couple of things to say. First of all; as Bob said, we’ve got nothing to lose. Second; I’ve never liked that word ‘challenge’, it implies the possibility of failure, and I reckon this one is do-able. A bit of detective work, a bit of exercise for our brains; we’re all intelligent guys. I’d prefer to call it a mission. ‘Mission Impossible’, according to Kev; but wait a second, did you ever see those guys fail? I say nothing’s impossible.
Count me in as well. I think Kev’s just being very pessimistic.”
“Hang on a second, you guys,” interrupted Kevin “I only said I needed time to think.
Besides; pessimist, optimist, realist; what difference does it make? You can spend your whole life always looking on the bright side, and thinking ‘better luck next time’… Then you die and there are no more ‘next times’… What have you achieved…?
Or you can do everything in logical progression, in an evenly balanced way, building on successes, learning from mistakes. You still don’t do any better than the next man.
Then I suppose you think there’s guys like me; the type of guy who always says ‘don’t say I didn’t tell you so’. The kind of guy who’s always expecting rain, or road works, or general disappointment, but do you know what? This is exactly the type of guy who will live to a ripe old age, and still die reasonably content.
Of course things could have been better… a few risks here and there… a better grasp of certain concepts… could have made all the difference… you never know. But you only have to take a quick glance around you to know without doubt, that things could have been a hell of a lot worse…
Let me apologise for my earlier hesitancy. I’m with you guys… but,” he said with a chuckle, “don’t say I didn’t tell you so, when we fail.”
Ron was standing by, to remind them that their hour was up, and to ask them to replace their Ubiquity equipment.
Charles B. Hatton reappeared.
“Have you reached your decisions, gentlemen?” he enquired.
“Yes.” They all replied, in unison.
“Well,” continued Charles, “I shall ask you each in turn. Say ‘yes’ if you accept the challenge, ‘no’ if you choose to decline.
Kevin Lake, what’s your answer?”
“Yes,” said Kevin; a slight waver in his voice.
“Robert Sharpe?”
“Yes.” He delivered his answer in a very confident, emphatic manner.
“Jason Turner?”
“Yes.” Jason showed no signs of the excitement he was feeling at the prospect of taking on this ‘mission’.
“Then let the games commence!” exclaimed Charles. “Tomorrow morning at eight o’clock, everything will be in place.  Now, I believe Mr. Parker has something he wishes to tell you.”
Once more the three men were shrouded in darkness for a second or two, before the now familiar message reminded them to remove their equipment.
“I knew there’d be a catch,” whispered Kevin.
Ron appeared before them.
“Right; thank you all, gentlemen, and congratulations on your decision. All I want to say to you is; I have the first, and arguably the most important clue for you. You may spend the rest of the evening researching it, but remember, there is no communication with the outside world. No phone lines, therefore no internet, and you are not able to receive a signal for your mobile telephones, as you may have already noticed.
Here is the clue…
‘Your way forward will be revealed by evidence as illustrated in the work of Charles Hatton’.  
That’s all I have to say to you, except, good evening and good luck.”
Ron began walking towards the wooden staircase attached to the back wall of the farmhouse.
“Here we go,” said Kevin. “Between the three of us, we don’t know nearly enough about the work of this guy. Even biographer Bob surely can’t recall at will, the small amount he knows.”
“No, that’s true,” Bob admitted, “but I spotted a copy of my book in one of the bookcases upstairs, earlier.”
They returned to the loft area, in order to retrieve Bob’s biography, and search for some meaning to Ron’s clue.
Bob and Jason spent most of the evening checking all the references to Charles’ work, but were unable to find anything that implied any connection to a way forward for them. Meanwhile, Kevin had busied himself searching through the bookcases to see if they contained any other publications about Charles or his work.
Eventually, he returned to the table where Bob and Jason were conducting their studies. He was holding a book that Charles’ father had published more than forty years previously. It was a technical manual, describing various photographic techniques, and darkroom procedures. The centre sixteen pages were dedicated to photographs taken by the amateur enthusiast, Charles senior.
“Listen to this,” Kevin began. “Ron said ‘evidence as illustrated in the work of Charles Hatton’; not Charles B. Hatton. This is something his father, plain Charles Hatton, produced. It contains photographs he took… In other words, it’s ‘illustrated’.
I think this is the book that will hold the key to at least the first combination.”

7. Guidelines


Bob and Jason settled down at the dining table in the kitchen area, while Kevin did the honours and prepared a full English breakfast.
“Looks good enough to eat,” quipped Bob, as Kevin served the meal.
“Yeah, well don’t get too used to it. I’ve never been one for taking my work home with me. And if this is to be our home for the duration of the challenge, let’s just call it a one-off house warming gift,” Kevin retorted.
Ron joined them at the table, and made an announcement.
“After breakfast, at seven forty-five, I’d like us all to meet upstairs, in the loft. Charles has a few words to say to you all, before you get started.”
There had been much excited speculation about the challenge they were about to face. Now, however, with only a matter of minutes before it was due to begin, excitement had turned to apprehension, and an unnatural silence replaced the jokes and laughter that had preceded the arrival of Ron.

As they took their seats in the loft, the TV in front of them blinked to life. Charles B. Hatton appeared on screen, speaking from his ‘prison cell’.
“Good morning, gentlemen. I trust each of you slept well?
The challenge will begin in approximately fifteen minutes. There will be no further need for you to use the Ubiquity devices today, or for the duration of this challenge. Yesterday’s demonstration was merely to give you all a feel for my own ‘predicament’. Besides, Ubiquity will not facilitate my ‘escape’. As you learned from your experience, as well as from Ron’s explanation, it is still at a relatively immature stage of its development. In its current stage of development, it only affords audio and visual properties, albeit very highly sophisticated. Full sensory capability is currently in the pipeline, but it will not become commercially available for perhaps a number of years.
Using Ubiquity, you would appear to be sharing the same space as I am; you could approach me, and I would be aware of your presence, but if you continued in my direction, you would pass directly through me. By the same token you are able to see, but not feel the bars around me; which means that you could pass freely to the ‘exit’; feel at liberty to test this at your leisure. However, you would be unable to take me with you, because the bars; the cages, are real, for me. I am actually locked in this ‘cell’, surrounded by this cage of high tensile steel.
My fate, gentlemen, is not so much in your hands; rather, it lies in your heads.
My progress, if indeed I am to make progress, will be monitored on the same screen you are currently viewing. Clues will appear on the screen, in text format, and the combination numbers, for the locks on the doors, are to be entered by using the handset, or remote control device.
There is no time limit to the challenge, but I think we’d all agree that it is in everybody’s best interests, to complete it as quickly and efficiently as intellect permits.
However, there are no guarantees that you will be able to complete it…
In order to solve the combinations, the clues have been designed to test your collective ability to think on your feet, to work as a team, to solve problems, to make decisions, and to achieve results. Consequently, some of the clues will require the use of mathematical, or scientific formulae, some will require an analytical thought process, in order to decipher their precise meanings, and determine their solutions, while others will appear more straight-forward, and will merely require a decision based on your knowledge.
All of them will be a test of how you use what you know.
The room, in which you are viewing this transmission, contains an extensive collection of text and reference books. These will be available to you at all times, in order that you may be able conduct your research. If these books are used to good effect, you will discover that, between them, they hold the keys to the solution of almost every clue. The only exceptions to this will be in the case of clues that require a decision which is based on your combined abilities to think laterally.
There is no internet for easy solutions. There will be no possibility of obtaining ‘outside’ help. All communication links to the world at large have been severed for the duration of the challenge.
Good luck my friends, and Godspeed. I hope, very much, to meet you all in person, in due course.”

8. Proportional Representation


Complete silence… then written words, super-imposed over the image of Charles B. Hatton, began to scroll up from the bottom of the screen, much as the closing credits to a film, until they came to rest full screen.
They read:


STAGE 1

CLUE KM 6.6

ONE TEAMS FRUIT MENU, RE-ORGANISED AS A RULE,
IS EXPRESSED DIGITALLY TO REVEAL TOP OF THE WORLD.

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                        }

TO REVEAL BONUS CLUES


The time, displayed at the top, right hand corner of the screen read 08:00.00.

Jason nodded his head pensively, consigning the words to memory. Bob let out a long, low whistle, before smiling, uncertain of his strategy with respect to the clue.
“OK,” he breathed, hesitantly, as he joined Jason, in turning to face Kevin, for the chef’s assessment.
Kevin, who had been the least confident of them all, in his attitude towards the challenge, now felt thoroughly intimidated by the inquisitive stares of his fellow challengers. He made no attempt to disguise the discomfort he was already admitting to, in his body language.
“I give up,” he conceded.
“Thought you might say that,” Bob sympathized. “But don’t worry about it too much. It’s early days, yet.”
“Exactly my point. If this is how the first clue makes me feel…”
“And that means, Kevin, that things will become more clear as we digest the clue and use reason and logic to solve it… together… once the initial fog has cleared,” Jason cut in.
“OK, Jason, I’ll get my act together. You may just have to be a little patient,” was Kevin’s response; relieved by the apparent show of support he was receiving from both men.
“We just have to take one thing at a time,” Jason added. “First of all, I think we need to go back to Ron’s clue from last night. Let’s take another look at Charles senior’s photographs.”
Bob grabbed the book, which had been left on the coffee table overnight, and opened it at the centre. His two colleagues leant over his shoulders as he flicked through the illustrations. They consisted mainly of portraits. The name of the sitters were printed above the pictures, and camera, film, exposure, lighting and processing details, below; with the exception of one photograph, which was entitled ‘Top of The World’.
The weather beaten, bearded face of a man, who looked vaguely familiar, stared at the trio. Beneath the picture, the name of the man, Edmund Hillary, and a page reference for supporting text.
“That’s the guy who conquered Everest!” cried Kevin. “The first guy, the year Queen Elizabeth came to the throne.”
“Well, that makes sense; ‘top of the world’, but what about the rest of it? ‘One team’s fruit menu’ must be something you can shed some light on, Kev.” Bob was hoping Kevin’s knowledge of food extended to include fruit.
“It’s ‘One teams fruit menu re-organised’; I think it’s an anagram; give me a minute,” interjected Jason, who was already scribbling onto a piece of notepaper.
“What about ‘expressed digitally’, does that refer to the photograph then?” asked Kevin.
“I don’t think so; I think it means digits as in numbers. Anyway, they didn’t have digital cameras in nineteen fifty three,” replied Bob.
Jason thought for a moment, then spoke,
“I think you’re on the right track there; ‘one team’s fruit menu, re-organised’, makes ‘unit of measurement’. ‘As a rule’; well, rule, or ruler, is the same thing, and a standard ruler is a foot long, so that just brings us back to ‘expressed digitally’, which we’ve already established refers to a number, or numbers…
I think what we’re looking for, is the height of Mount Everest… in feet.”
“Something every school kid should know,” remarked Kevin.
“Well, just hang on a second, while I get that other book out then.” Bob sounded perplexed.
“What’s that then?” asked Kevin.
“You know the one; it’s called ‘What Every School Kid  Should Know’...”
“I only meant, we probably learnt about it at school, but it’s not the sort of thing you use every day, when you’re older.”
“Well, it must be somewhere,” said Bob. “Give me the photos again.”
He found Edmund Hillary again, noted the page of script, to which the photograph referred, and flicked through the pages, until he came to the relevant text.
“Here…, ‘Edmund Hillary, shortly after conquering Mount Everest, the world’s highest peak at…’ wait for it; ‘twenty nine thousand and twenty eight feet.’ Yes!”
“That’s it then!” cried Jason. “Are we all agreed that two, nine, oh, two, eight is the first combination?”
“Got to be worth a try; the reasoning fits the clues,” answered Bob.
“I’ll not rock the boat; it’s all we’ve got, and like we said; we’ve got nothing to lose,” was Kevin’s response.
“Bob, you’re the one who found it, you can do the honours,” offered Jason.
Bob made a grab for the TV handset, took a deep breath, and punched in the numbers 2-9-0-2-8, which appeared in the box on the screen, as he did so. At the bottom of the handset was a button, on which the word ENTER was written. He pushed this button, and waited as the screen displayed a new message.


CORRECT COMBINATION…PLEASE WAIT


The door directly to Charles B. Hatton’s right hand, the viewers left, swung open, and Charles stood up, a smile on his face that matched the smiles of the three relieved challengers.
“Yes!” they all cried, in unison.
Charles walked towards the door, and entered the adjacent ‘cell’. The door immediately swung shut behind him, and Charles took a seat on the chair in the centre of the ‘new’ cell.
A short series of numbers, representing the current score, appeared in the top left corner of the screen. It read; 10000.
Another message appeared on the screen.


STAGE 1

BONUS CLUES KM 6.5, KM 5.5, KM 5.6

IN A PLACE NAMED ‘CASTLE HAWTHORN’,
IS A CENTRAL SQUARE AREA, KNOWN AS
‘TRIANGLE SQUARE’, AT THE CENTRE OF WHICH
IS A BUILDING KNOWN AS ‘FORT BEHOLD’,
SURROUNDED BY A CIRCULAR MOAT.

THE RESULTING ‘ISLAND’ IS KNOWN AS
‘THE CIRCLE AT TRIANGLE SQUARE’
AND THE FORT ITSELF, IS LOCALLY REFERRED TO AS
‘THE SQUARE IN THE CIRCLE AT TRIANGLE SQUARE.’

FORT BEHOLD, CASTLE HAWTHORN CAN BE FOUND 
IN THE WORLD OF CHARLES B. HATTON.

GIVEN THAT:

THE TERMS TRIANGLE, SQUARE AND CIRCLE ALL REFER TO GEOMETRICALLY REGULAR SHAPES (REFER TO DIAGRAM)

EACH CORNER OF FORT BEHOLD, AND THEREFORE THE OUTER LIMIT OF THE ISLAND LIE(S) EXACTLY BETWEEN THE MID-POINTS OF THE SIDES OF TRIANGLE SQUARE AND IT’S CENTRE

PI = 3.142

TRIANGLE SQARE OCCUPIES 1/400 OR 0.25% OF THE AREA OF CASTLE HAWTHORN


ANSWERS ARE TO BE GIVEN TO THE NEAREST METRE OR SQUARE METRE

DETERMINE THE FOLLOWING:

(KM 6.6) THE AREA OF CASTLE HAWTHORN

(KM 5.5) THE AREA OF FORT BEHOLD

(KM 5.6) THE CIRCUMFERENCE OF THE ISLAND
‘THE SQUARE IN THE CIRCLE AT TRIANGLE SQUARE’

CLICK ‘OK’ TO PRINT DIAGRAM
‘THE SQUARE IN THE CIRCLE AT TRIANGLE SQUARE’

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATIONS

{                        }
{                        }
{                        }

TO PROCEED TO STAGE 2


Bob pressed OK on the handset, and a sheet of printed paper emerged from a slot below the TV screen.
The three men stared at the diagram for several minutes, trying to make sense of it. It appeared to take the form of the face of a compass, set in a square, or diamond surround.
“Well, I guess Kev has lready given up,” smiled Bob, sarcastically. “To be honest, it’s got me baffled as well.”
“The answer is in the question,” replied Jason. “At least, the information leading to it is…I guess.”
Kevin had been busy scribbling down notes, based on the text from the TV screen. He looked up from his writing, and declared,
“I’m one step ahead of you, Jason, look at this. ‘Fort Behold, Castle Hawthorn, can be found in The World of Charles B. Hatton.’ They certainly can! When I saw that, I thought about your anagram theory for question one, and guess what?”
He showed them the sheet of paper on which he’d been writing.
“Fort Behold, Castle Hawthorn, is an anagram of ‘The World of Charles B. Hatton’, you see?”
Jason was the first to react.
“Wow! Nice one Kev. All we need now are the dimensions of ‘The World of Charles B. Hatton’, and the answers should be just a case of simple maths. Not to put a downer on your excellent piece of deduction, but how do we determine those dimensions?”
This question had exactly the deflating effect its originator had intended to avoid, as Kevin’s proud smile became an expression of despair. The two other men resigned themselves to the fact that, despite their early success with the first clue, thanks in no small measure to the hint that Ron had given them the previous evening, they were going to have to draw on every ounce of their combined intellectual skills, at every stage of the challenge. The difference, however, was that from now on, it was going to be down to just the three of them, and no further hints would be offered. Ron’s morale booster had the equally practical effect of alerting them to the complexity of their task.
They pondered on this, as well as on the clue itself, as late morning became afternoon, followed inconspicuously, by evening, and all too soon, it seemed, night time.
“Let’s sleep on this one. I’m sure things will seem a little less daunting in the morning,” suggested Jason. The first words he’d spoken in more than eight hours.
Quietly, they retired to their bedrooms, hoping that the comforting embrace of their beds would relieve some of the pressure that was already beginning to bear down on them.

When morning came, bright smiles and cheerful salutations quickly returned to the same expressions of anxiety their faces had displayed throughout the bulk of the previous day. They barely even noticed Ron’s absence, as they picked, bird-like, at a silent breakfast, Kevin had managed to prepare.
The theme of anxious contemplation continued, as they took up their positions on the couches in the loft.
Not a word passed their lips for best part of three hours.
Eventually, and quite unexpectedly, Bob raised the forefinger of his right hand, and both eyebrows, simultaneously, apparently indicating he’d thought of something sigificant. Then he began to speak, slowly and clearly.
“It’s the clue numbers themselves that are significant here. KM six point six, five point five, and so on, refer to the individual cells, whose doors require a combination. I’m convinced that KM means kilometre. Remember the first thing Hatton said to us? He said ‘Welcome to my world’; in other words ‘The World of Charles B. Hatton’; and went on to explain that the square grid containing the cells is eleven by eleven, and that he was in the centre one, which would be six down, six across… KM six point six. My guess is that ‘The World of Charles B. Hatton’ is eleven kilometres by eleven kilometres, and ‘Triangle Square’ is somewhere within that eleven kilometre square, occupying nought point two five per cent, or one four hundredth of it.”
“You’re a genius!” cried Jason “Let’s do the maths and see what we come up with.”
With this new information, the calculation did indeed become a case of simple maths. If the area of The World of Charles B. Hatton, or ‘Castle Hawthorn’ was eleven kilometres by eleven kilometres, this related to 121,000,000 square metres. 0.25% of this gave 302,500 square metres, which was the area of ‘Triangle Square’. This meant that ‘Triangle Square’ was 550 X 550 metres. It made no difference where in ‘Castle Hawthorn’, ‘Triangle Square’ was located, it would always occupy the same area.
If the circle, or island, was placed equidistant from centre, to circumference, to corners of ‘Triangle Square’, this would mean that the diameter of the island was 275 metres. Thus the circumference of the island was 275 X 3.142, or 864.05 metres. Therefore, the fort would be 275 metres from corner to corner, making the area of the fort equal to the square root of half of 275 squared, or 37812.5 square metres.
It was as simple as that, as long as they were correct in their assumption that each ‘cell’ represented one square kilometre of ‘Castle Hawthorn’. 
Jason actually took the process one step further than necessary, calculating the sides of ‘Fort Behold’ at 194.45 metres.
Rounding down the required numbers respectively, they came to, 121,000,000, 37812, and 864.
“Are we going with that then?” asked Jason.
“It’s maths, pure logic; it’s got to be right,” was Bob’s response. “But you’re the one who did all the calculations, so you get to press the buttons.”
Jason nervously fingered the handset, and tapped in the largest number, followed by ENTER. The first ‘cell’ door swung open, and Charles B. Hatton walked through to the next ‘cell.’ Jason continued to press buttons, relieved to see that 3-7-8-1-2 and 8-6-4 achieved a similar result. The scoreboard, at the top left of the screen increased to 30,000, 60,000 and 100,000 points.
While awaiting the next clue, the three men congratulated themselves and each other with high fives. At the same time, they noticed Charles, grinning broadly, and delivering a double thumbs-up signal.

9. Every Dog


The text on the TV screen finished scrolling and read:


STAGE 2

CLUE KM 5.7

A STANDARD DIET CONSISTS OF A COMBINATION OF CARBOHYDRATES, FATS, AND PROTEINS.

ONCE CONSUMED, THEY ULTIMATELY FORM THREE DIFFERENT COMPOUNDS IN THE PROCESS OF DIGESTION.

LET’S FACE IT: ROY, NO USE AGES AGO, IS OUT OF THE EQUATION, WHICH MEANS YOU HAVE TO COUNT ON THE ROMANS, FOR ADDED VALUE, IN ORDER TO OBTAIN THE CORRECT COMBINATION

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                        }

TO REVEAL BONUS CLUES


Kevin could not disguise his excitement as he read the clue out loud.
“I know this one, I know all sorts of useless information about food and eating.
Carbohydrates, Fats and Proteins, form Glucose, Glycerol and Amino Acids. That’s your three ‘different compounds’. I don’t know where Roy of the Rovers comes into it, though.”
“Romans,” corrected Bob.
Bob’s apparent lack of a sense of humour was not a result of Kevin’s poor joke. It was a combination of all the emotions he was experiencing, and a foretaste of what was to come for all of them.
Following a lunch, of sandwiches and silence, a further two hours passed, before Jason was able to shatter the surreal atmosphere, created in the wake of Bob’s flat response to Kevin’s attempt at humour.
“I hate to keep repeating the same theme, but I bet ‘Roy, no use ages ago’, is another anagram, probably within Glucose, Glycerol, and Amino Acids. Let’s see if this works.”
He began writing the relevant words; ‘Glucose, Glycerol, Amino Acids: Roy, no use ages ago’. Then he struck the letters from the latter out of their corresponding namesakes in the former. He was left with L C L C L M I C I D.
“Do you see what I see?” asked Jason.
“What do you see?” Ron asked back.
“Romans! Roman numerals, to be more precise. Now, let’s count on them.”
50, 100, 50, 100, 50, 1000, 1, 100, 1, 500, was what they came up with.
“Added value,” said Bob. “I think we just add them together for the combination. I already did that, and got one thousand, nine hundred and fifty two, for what it’s worth.”
“By my calculation, it should be worth fifty thousand points; go for it Kev,” Jason said, passing the handset to Kevin, who slowly keyed in the four digits, and quickly crossed his fingers.
The next door opened; Charles B. Hatton progressed.
Jason had been correct in his calculation of the score. The scoreboard confirmed this as it displayed the new total, of 150,000 points.
The stale, uncomfortable atmosphere, created by the situation as a whole, and the emotions it triggered, cleared temporarily, while the challengers congratulated themselves and each other.
Although it was still relatively early, the decision had already been reached mutually, that time would be called, once they’d viewed the next set of clues, in order that they could recharge their brains, ready to mount a full-on assault the following morning.
Fingers were crossed, and breaths were held as the words appeared on the screen. At first glance, it was a straight-forward history question. But, remembering Charles’ words, they all turned away from the TV with the phrase ‘things are rarely as they seem’, echoing in their heads.


STAGE 2

BONUS CLUES KM 6.7, 7.7, 7.6, 7.5, 7.4

WHAT WERE THE DATES (DDMMYYYY) THAT CONFIRMED WORLD DOMINATION FOR THE VICTOR IN THE FINAL, DECISIVE BATTLES, WON AT THE FOLLOWING LOCATIONS

(KM 6.7) STOCKHOLM, SWEDEN

(KM 7.7) SANTIAGO, CHILE

(KM 7.6) MEXICO CITY, MEXICO

(KM 7.5) LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA, U.S.A

(KM 7.4) YOKOHAMA, JAPAN
 
ENTER CORRECT COMBINATIONS

{                       }
{                       }
{                       }
{                       }
{                       }

TO CONTINUE TO STAGE 3


Bob opened proceedings, the following day, with a thinly disguised appeal for help.
“No anagrams this time, Jason. We’ll have to come up with something else.”
“I’ve already had an idea,” replied Jason.
“I doubt it,” cut in Kevin. “Not in this day and age. Now I’m no historian, so don’t quote me on any of the numbers, but this is my considered theory on ‘The Demise of the Idea’.
A thousand years ago, when the population of the civilized, educated world was only a few hundred thousand, or less; someone… a scholar, wise man or the like, would come up with an idea, philosophy or invention, from time to time. Other wise men and scholars would listen to, and debate, his findings. Once they were totally satisfied with the integrity of the man and his ‘idea’, they would sanction it as a legitimate contribution to progress, and issue the proclamation; ‘It’s unique!’…
Five hundred years ago, when civilization had reached several million people… perhaps… the response to a similar scenario had evolved to become; ‘It’s original!’…
Two hundred and fifty years ago, the informed population had probably reached a billion, and the ‘idea’, as well as its reception, had continued to evolve. By now, learned people would merely declare; ‘It’s new!’…
One hundred years ago, perhaps as many as two and a half billion people must have considered themselves civilized. By now, those who cared would simply agree; ‘It’s different.’…
 Fifty years ago, and we’re looking at a global population of  possibly four billion people. There were so many people with so many ideas, the best offer available had become; ‘It’s one in a million.’…
Twenty years ago, there were five billion people on the planet, at a guess; all of them, as far as they were concerned, civilized. Your scientist, philosopher, whatever says his piece, and the question comes back; ‘Do you have a twin brother?’…
Now, we’re approaching seven billion, and everyone is in the know, thanks to microchip technology.
The best brains in the world are struggling to come up with the next ‘idea’. Any school kid can approach these people, and ask in all sincerity; ‘Do you want some help with that?’…
What do you say to that?”
“Kevin, you’re becoming very cynical,” accused Jason.
“Only becoming? Oh well, I guess practice makes perfect,” retorted Kevin.
“Don’t worry about him Jason, let’s hear this idea of yours,” said Bob.
“Well, Kevin seems to think school kids hold all the answers to everything. Now, I may be the youngest here, but even I left school nearly ten years ago. Even so, what little I learnt in school, taught me that no super powers ever fought decisive battles in the places mentioned in the clue. I don’t think we’re looking for war-related, political supremacy.”
“So, what’s your idea?” asked Bob.
“Football,” replied Jason.
“Football? How does that relate to super powers, and world domination?” cut in Kevin.
“The World Cup, of course. We’ve got five places requiring five dates. Brazil have won The World Cup on five separate occasions, and if I’m right in my thinking, they won it at each of the locations mentioned in the clue. Humor me and check it out,” was Jason’s answer.
They weren’t totally convinced. Nevertheless, the trio set about searching the bookshelves for any information they could find on FIFA, The World Cup or, preferably, Brazilian football history.
It was not an easy search. Most of the books were of mathematic, scientific or political content. Among them were also works of classic literature, biographies, atlases and encyclopedias.
Kevin found a book of ‘Record Breaking Facts And Feats’ and was able to confirm that Brazil had indeed won The World Cup a total of five times. He even found out in which country, and which years, but actual venues and specific dates were not included.
A short while later, Bob came across an entry, entitled The Beautiful Game, in an encyclopaedia. It was dedicated to the World Cup exploits of the Brazilian national football team, and logged full details of all their final appearances and victories, including day, month, year, stadium, city, country, and final score.
“Let’s see if they match,” said Bob.
It didn’t take long to check and confirm as identical, the locations stated in the clues, against the World Cup venues that staged Brazil’s final victories.
“They all match exactly,” stated Jason
“Yes, I can see that, but could it all just be coincidence?” asked Kevin.
“Surely not, it all fits perfectly,’ argued Bob.
“Yeah, I suppose… And besides, does it really even matter? Perhaps the answers are flexible. If the reasoning behind them suits the clues, in a logical, progressive manner, then the outcome has to be correct… arguably,” added Kevin.
“Nice try, Kev, but I don’t think computers, which is what we’re basically up against, are open to interpretation in quite that way. If it’s right, it’s right; if it’s wrong, we lose,” countered Jason.
“I suppose so, but if we stick to our ‘nothing to lose’ attitude, we go for it now, and conduct the inquest later,” conceded Kevin, passing the handset, along with the onus, back to Jason.
“All for one?” questioned Jason.
“And one for all,” came the reply from Bob and Kevin.
2-9-0-6-1-9-5-8 was the first series of digits Jason entered. A collective sigh of relief was heaved as the three challengers watched the first of five doors swing open, allowing the ‘prisoner’, Charles, to make further progress.
It was a mere formality now, to enter the  remaining digits, in the correct order, and see each door, in turn, swing open, then return to a locked status once Charles had passed through.
The numberss, in sequence, 1-7-0-6-1-9-6-2, 2-1-0-6-1-9-7-0, 1-7-0-7-1-9-9-4, and 3-0-0-6-2-0-0-2, each achieved the expected result.
As they watched, the scoreboard acknowledged each combination, and by the time the fifth and final door had closed behind Charles, it had reached 550000.
The mood in the loft was far from relaxed, but opening five doors together certainly went a long way to easing the pressure as well as the monotony of watching the same clues, which they had already committed to memory, continue to dominate the TV screen.
“Now we’re motoring,” remarked Bob
“Ten down; only one hundred and eleven to go,” Kevin reminded.

10. Accuracy And Distance


The text on the TV screen finished scrolling and read:


STAGE 3

CLUE KM 6.4

82 POINTS ON BOARD TO ACHIEVE MAXIMUM
 TOTAL POSSIBLE IN BRISTOL FASHION

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION
 
{                        }

TO REVEAL BONUS CLUES


“On board, in Bristol fashion; shipshape as well, no doubt.” Kevin was thinking out loud “Is it something to do with the maximum number of crew on say, a naval vessel? The number it takes to man all positions?”
“Anything’s possible, let’s see what we can find on the bookshelves,” Jason offered.
Kevin and Jason began searching the bookshelves for any reference to the Royal Navy, or shipping in general that might lead to a connection with the clue. Meanwhile, Bob sat staring blankly into space, trying to come up with an alternative explanation. Eventually, his eyes began to wander aimlessly around the room, until they came to rest on the wall, directly ahead of him. He continued to stare, perhaps for more than an hour, as Kevin and Jason searched through the small amount of information they had been able to gather, regarding Kevin’s suggestion. At last, Bob pulled himself up from his seat, as he realised he was looking at a dartboard. Slowly, it began to dawn on him what a fortuitously significant discovery he had made.
One to twenty; four sections to each number; two options to take the single; the outer, double ring and the inner, treble ring, then the outer ring of the bulls eye, and the centre itself, making a total of eighty two possibilities for scoring points. But what would be the total score, if each of the eighty two sections contained a single dart? He snatched a calculator from one of the shelves, and frantically began tapping in numbers.
“What are you up to, Bob?” asked Jason.
“I think I’m on to something. ‘Eighty two points on board’; eighty two spaces on a dartboard. This type of board is made from Bristol board, and if you had eighty two darts, or points, the total possible score would be; hang on a sec.” He finished tapping in the numbers, and declared, “one thousand, five hundred and forty five! That’ll do for me. What do you say?”
“No significance to eighty two in shipping, from what we can see,” replied Jason.
“And your ‘darts’ theory definitely works?” added Kevin.
Bob was already pressing the keys on the handset, and before anyone could raise any objections, the next ‘cell’ door swung open, and Charles B. Hatton was on his feet and walking.
“You’d be all at sea without me,” laughed Bob.
The scoreboard moved up to 660000.

Just as the previous day, they’d all agreed to call it quits, once they’d taken a look at the bonus clues.
They settled down for one final look at the TV screen. A familiar sight followed as more words began to scroll upwards, and come to rest centre-screen.
The scale of the set of clues was an intimidating prospect for Jason and Kevin, whose discomfort was heightened by the sight of Bob, nodding, as he stood up and yawned.
“I don’t know about you two, but I’m ready for a bit of shuteye. We can deal with this in the morning; can’t we lads?”
Jason and Kevin stared, bemused, at Bob, for several seconds, before returning his nods, and following him to the stairs.


STAGE 3

BONUS CLUES KM 5.4, 4.4, 4.5, 4.6, 4.7, 4.8, 5.8

IN A PARALLEL UNIVERSE, THE SOLAR SYSTEM CONTAINS SEVEN PLANETS, WHICH FOLLOW A TRUE CIRCULAR ORBIT OF THE SUN, KEEPING THEIR DISTANCE FROM THE SUN CONSTANT. THE DISTANCE FROM ‘PARALLEL EARTH’, TO THE SUN ( OR IT’S ORBIT AROUND THE SUN) IS KNOWN AS AN ASTONOMICAL UNIT. AN ASTRONOMICAL UNIT IS AN IMMENSE DISTANCE. ONE  DIAMETER OF ‘PARALLEL EARTH’ IS ONLY 0.007142857142% OF ITS DISTANCE FROM THE SUN. THE EXPOSED AREA OF LAND ON ‘PARALLEL EARTH’ IS 12,316,640 SQUARE MILES, WHILE THE SURFACE AREA OF THE SEA IS 26,172,860 SQUARE MILES. 
STARTING WITH THE CLOSEST, 
HOW FAR, IN KILOMETRES, IS EACH
OF THE SEVEN PLANETS, FROM ‘THE SUN’?

GIVEN THAT

1 KM IS 62.5% OF 1 MILE

PI = 3.142


DISTANCE TO PLANET 1 = 0.35 AU

DISTANCE TO PLANET 2 = 0.7 AU 

DISTANCE TO PLANET 3 = 1.4 AU

DISTANCE TO PLANET 4 = 5.6 AU

DISTANCE TO PLANET 5 = 9.1 AU

DISTANCE TO PLANET 6 = 17.5 AU

DISTANCE TO PLANET 7 = 29.4 AU


What they took to bed with them that evening would require some mathematical knowledge. Although Bob was confident he could tackle it quite easily, he didn’t pay much attention to the numbers, preferring to save it for the morning, when, he felt, it would be useful to discover just how effectively the other two were able to solve mathematical problems.

Another day, another period of mind-boggling frustration, greeted Jason and Kevin. Although they both felt reasonably comfortable with the basic disciplines of mathematics, neither of them felt they were up to the task set for them in the clue that had left them fretting for much of the night.
Bob, on the other hand, had no such apprehension. He’d managed to get a full night’s sleep. The best, in fact, that he’d had for a long time. It came as no surprise, then, that he was the first to rise, alert and ready to take on the morning, at least. He made his way to the kitchen, and seeing that Kevin and Jason had not yet surfaced, decided it would be a good idea for him to make breakfast, for a change. He was not a complete stranger to the kitchen, but then, he was no expert either.
His own kitchen consisted of a fridge-freezer, a microwave oven, and a kettle. He considered himself a defroster par excellence, and could make a passable mug of tea or coffee.
When Kevin and Jason arrived, together, at the kitchen table, the meal had already been served. By now, however, it was stone cold. The two late risers took a long, hard look at what lay before them. On their plates was a gourmet selection of burnt toast, extra-sloppy scrambled eggs, cremated bacon, and a whole raw tomato. Alongside them, stood half-filled mugs of black coffee, to wash it down.
The disgusted looks from Jason and Kevin needed no translation, as Bob attempted to apologise.
“Sorry lads, I’m trying.”
“Yes, very,” Kevin hit back.
“It’ll be OK if you drink plenty of water with it,” was Bob’s final offer.
It was the first time in two days that they’d managed to find anything to talk about, around the kitchen table, and it actually served as a pressure relief outlet, as they all laughed at the absurdity of the episode.
As they settled down in the loft, both Kevin and Jason expressed their uncertainty at how to deal with the, to them at least, complexity of the clue.
“Come on Kev, it’s not as hard as it looks. I’m sure you can do it, if you put your mind to it.” Bob tried to kick-start a suggestion.
“In a parallel universe, perhaps,” Kevin joked.
“You know as well as Bob and I do, that there is no such thing as a parallel universe, really. There’s only reality and imagination, and they’re both infinite, which would render any parallel universe surplus to requirement,” Jason reasoned.
“Er, yeah. I suppose,” Bob agreed. “But wouldn’t it be good if they really did exist?”
Jason’s thought had left them to face the reality of the current situation, which was to solve the clue, and unlock seven further doors; a fantastic result, for a successful effort.
Bob no longer felt inclined to torment Jason and Kevin with comparisons about their mathematical ability, and the simplicity of the clue. He was sure that the tables would be turned, at some later point during the challenge. Instead, he picked up a calculator, and spoke as he tapped the keys.
“I’ve got this one covered, lads. Easy enough, if you know how to do it. But not the kind of formula most people find it necessary to call on, in day to day living.
We need to find the diameter of a sphere, for starters. We can work back to that, from the surface area, which is known. The area of a sphere is four pi times radius squared; four pi r squared. Now, we’ve been instructed to use three point one four two as pi; so what is r squared? Quite simply, area over four pi equals r squared, or one five three, nine five eight, zero zero zero, over twelve point five six eight, equals twelve million, two hundred and fifty thousand. Therefore, the radius is the square root of that, which is, three thousand, five hundred. Which means that the diameter is…?”
“Seven thousand,” chorused Jason and Kevin.
“Correct, thank you lads.”
“No, thank you, Bob. The two of us would never have got it.” Kevin sounded relieved as well as grateful.
“There is actually a slightly easier, or at least, alternative way of doing it. That would be area over pi equals diameter squared; which is forty nine million. The square root of which, is seven thousand, which proves, or confirms, the other method.” Bob concluded his lesson.
Kevin and Jason listened intently, both of them wishing they’d paid more attention to their weaker subjects at school.
“There is one other thing though,” Bob pointed out. “That would be the distance in miles. We have to convert it to kilometres. I think both of you are more than capable of that.”
Jason took the handset, while Kevin tapped the relevant numbers into the calculator, first confirming the distance of ‘parallel earth’ from the sun as ninety eight million miles, or one hundred and fifty six point eight million kilometres
“Here we go,” said Kevin, and began calling out the numbers, in miles, followed by their equivalent in kilometres.
Jason keyed as Kevin called. The first series of numbers he entered was, 5-4-8-8-0-0-0-0. Then, 1-0-9-7-6-0-0-0-0, followed by, 2-1-9-5-2-0-0-0-0, 8-7-8-0-8-0-0-0-0 and 1-4-2-6-8-8-0-0-0-0, where Kevin paused, in order to catch his breath, before continuing with, 2-7-4-4-0-0-0-0-0-0 and finishing the calculation with, 4-6-0-9-9-2-0-0-0-0.

11. One Over The Eight?


The clue that followed ‘Parallel Earth’ had the effect of sending them back into all too familiar territory. A quick glace would confirm that for them. But, they were, for the time being, at least, still overjoyed with the rapid progress they’d made.


STAGE 4

CLUE KM 6.8

INITIALLY CARTER, HEALY AND O’HARA MEET PERIODICALLY, AROUND THE TABLE FOR A QUICK DRINK. NOW IT HAS BECOME THEIR HABIT TO JOIN FORCES REGULARLY, WHERE THEY FIND THAT, IN THE APPROPRIATE MEASURES, THEY ARE ABLE TO ACHIEVE A CONSISTENTLY PERFECT COMBINATION

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                       }

TO REVEAL BONUS CLUES


With no clear idea of how to tackle this one, Bob made light of the situation, and quipped,
“A quick drink. Now that sounds like a really good idea.” 
“I agree. The first thing I’m going to do when this is all over, is find myself a nice quiet pub, and sink a few,” said Kevin.
“Yeah; win or lose, we should get together socially, if only for a ‘farewell’ party,” added Jason.
“There you go then; something to look forward to. What more motivation do we need?” asked Bob.
“Firstly, and I didn’t say ‘thirsty’, we should ‘join forces’ to solve this clue,” Jason said.
“Initially; yes,” agreed Kevin, “but the three of us, and a session in the pub, sounds like the ‘perfect combination’ to me.”
Not much more was said for the remainder of the morning, as hearts and heads, one more, began to sink, and brutal reality ran its course.
Ron joined them for lunch; his first visit to the farmhouse in two days. He brought with him fresh bread and milk, as well as other provisions for the kitchen. He was well aware of the progress the three challengers had made, and congratulated them accordingly. He’d requested that they take care of the day to day cooking and cleaning duties, while he would see to it that they were kept amply stocked. To this end, he’d suggested that any special food requests should be posted on a note, and attached to the fridge.
The three complied willingly, especially since they had come to realise that there would be, inevitably, long periods when they needed something to do, to take their minds off the challenge, just as much as to satisfy any requirement for cleanliness, or comfort eating.
Ron was unable to offer them any consolation for their current situation, and left at one o’ clock with his best wishes for the afternoon and beyond.
Jason had been slowly formulating a theory, based on the clue; a theory he believed was plausible. He kept it to himself until they had returned to the loft, not wishing to interrupt anyone’s leisure time, such as it was. Like Kevin, he was a firm believer that work should be kept in the workplace, and that there should be no need to discuss it elsewhere. He realised he wasn’t even close to solving the clue, and therefore discovering the combination, but he was sure he’d come up with a shrewd deduction that would provide a route; collective knowledge of, as yet, unknown aspects, permitting.
“Initially, we’ve got Carter, Healy and O’Hara. Initially, that gives us C, H and OH,” Jason started tentatively. “And ‘periodically, around the table’, could mean the Periodic Table of Chemical Elements. Are you following me?”
“So that’ll be Oxygen, Hydrogen and Carbon. And in the appropriate measures, they produce alcohol. I think you’re making sense here, Jason. Now what was that formula?” asked Bob.
“That’s easy; C two, H five, OH, the chemical formula for ethyl alcohol, or ethanol; the kind of alcohol you can drink. In slightly simpler terms, you could say, C two, H six O. That’s just three basic elements. I don’t remember what their ‘periodic’, ‘elemental’ values are though; except for Hydrogen; that’s one; everyone knows that,” informed Kevin.
“Look it up, it must be in one of these books,” said Jason.
It took only a few minutes to find the book they were looking for, and open it at the page containing the Periodic Table. It should be plain sailing from here.
“Here it is, Carbon is six, Hydrogen is one, like I said, and Oxygen is eight. Should have known them all. Six times two is twelve; once five is five; that’s seventeen; and eight plus one, times one, is nine, giving twenty six in total. I think that’s the number we’re looking for.” Kevin sounded confident.
“No, I think ‘appropriate measures’ means we put the numbers in order, not add them up,” said Jason.
“You mean twelve, five, eight, one?” asked Kevin.
“You do it, Kev,” offered Jason, tossing the handset towards the food and drinks ‘expert’.
Kevin entered 1-2-5-8-1, and crossed his fingers.
The next door opened, and Kevin felt two sharp slaps; one on each shoulder, from Jason and Bob.
“When we find that pub, the first drink is on you, Kevin,” laughed Bob.
Two o’ clock struck, as the next set of bonus clues filled the screen. This was clearly out of sequence, according to the ‘rule’ they’d set for themselves, of reading the bonus clue, and taking it to bed with them. Rules are really only guidelines anyway; they’d felt, and made to be broken. From here on in, they decided, they would play things by ear, do what they could during the day, and sleep on anything that was proving difficult. After all, no time limit had been imposed. They could, in effect, take all the time they wanted, thereby attaining some degree of control over the situation. But on reflection, when they balanced dragging the thing out for as long as possible, against the pressure and frustration they were already feeling, they decided that Charles had been correct in his assessment, that it was in everybody’s best interests to get the job done as quickly as was practical.


STAGE 4

BONUS CLUES KM 7.8, 8.8, 8.7, 8.6, 8.5, 8.4, 8.3, 7.3, 6.3

A CAT HAS NINE LIVES, OR DOES IT?
IF YOU COULD LIVE NINE LIVES, WHOSE WOULD THEY BE?
TRY THESE NINE AND SEE HOW LONG EACH LIFE LASTS.

HE WAS THE GERM-PHOBIC U.S
MILLIONAIRE AVIATOR

THIS KING WAS ALL SHOOK UP

HE WAS ORIGINALLY PLAYED IN
THE WOODEN ‘O’

HE WAS THE ‘GUERNICA’ CUBIST

HE WAS KNOWN AS THE LITTLE TRAMP

HE THEORISEDED ON RELATIVITY

HE FOUNDED THE FIRST MULTIMEDIA EMPIRE

MATHEMATICIAN WITH
THREE LAWS OF MOTION

BELIEVE HIM OR NOT:
THE THEORY OF EVOLUTION


“Simply worded; we just have to find out who they all are. Of course, it may take quite a bit of research to discover how long each of them lived.” Jason said it exactly how it was.
“Well, the first one is Howard Hughes,” chipped in Kevin.
“And number two… number one in my opinion… is Elvis Presley,” contributed Bob.
“Three is William Shakespeare, four is Charlie Chaplin, five, dunno, six is Albert Einstein,” Kevin informed.
“Seven, dunno; eight is my very good friend, Sir Isaac Newton. Don’t ask; it’s a very long story, and about the only thing I ever learnt in Physics,” said Jason.
“And nine is Charles Darwin, so we only need to come up with names for four and seven. We’ve probably saved ourselves a fair bit of time by knowing seven of them. I mean, it could have been any nine people we’d never even heard of, or the hints could have been made a lot more subtle.” Bob completed the list of people they were able to identify.
“Well, I only got one, so I’ll try to look up the two we didn’t get, while you two see what you can find out about the ones we did,” volunteered Jason.
Bob and Kevin each took an encyclopaedia from the bookshelves, and began searching under names, from A to L, and M to Z, respectively, while Jason chose a different volume, in order to look under key words.
It was a painstaking search, made more so, because the format of the text, in these particular volumes, meant that names were not followed immediately, by dates of birth and death, as one might expect, but rather, it was necessary to read through the text, in order to find the relevant data.
By the time they all felt that enough time and effort had been spent on the day’s tasks, they had made a fairly substantial amount of progress.
Jason had found the two names for which he had taken over responsibility. The first, he found under the heading Cubists, and read an interesting passage, describing the life and works of the artist Pablo Picasso, as well as short accounts of major battles of the Spanish Civil War, the motivation for Picasso’s famous work ‘Guernica.’ As an added bonus, it also informed him that Picasso had died at the age of ninety two years.
The second one surprised him mildly, but only because he had always associated the term ‘multi-media’ with computer technology, instead of thinking literally, or laterally.
It was pretty obvious, he thought, once he’d found the entry with regard to Walt Disney. Again, the passage was kind enough to inform him that Disney had lived for sixty five years.
Jason spent the balance of the evening looking up the remaining seven names, alongside Bob and Kevin, who had each enjoyed some success of their own.
Bob had discovered that Howard Hughes had died at the age of seventy years, and Albert Einstein had lived for seventy six years.
Kevin chipped in with the age of Elvis Presley, at forty two years, much to Bob’s embarrassment. This left them with just four names, requiring relevant ages.
The following morning should quickly see the challengers make further progress.
As expected, it wasn’t too long into day five, before the four outstanding names had been assigned their respective ages. Bob started the ball rolling, by proudly applying the age of seventy three years to Charles Darwin. Kevin followed suit, a short while later, by stating that William Shakespeare had died at the age of fifty six years. Jason had made it his mission to take responsibility for Sir Isaac Newton, and was rewarded for his efforts when he read that Newton had lived for eighty five years. This left only Charlie Chaplin unaccounted for, and a frantic race ensued, between the three, to be the first to find out just how long he had lived. A race in which Bob claimed victory, at the stroke of half past ten, by stating, during an otherwise quiet period, that Chaplin had lived to the age of eighty eight.
High fives and joyous cheers of victory were short-lived, as Jason stood back from the celebrations to ask a sobering question.
“Did anybody check that the clues actually referred to the same people we believed them to be?”
Jason was confident his were correct, because his names had not merely been based on assumption.
It took them until well into the afternoon to double-check and confirm that the references contained within the clues, did indeed indicate the names they had come up with, the previous day.
Jason grinned, as he remembered the incident from his past, in which his workplace instructor, had said ‘measure twice, cut once’. It had already been a familiar phrase all those years ago, but he was relieved to have been able to develop the expression to suit this particular application.
For his reminder, Jason was offered the handset, and thoroughly enjoyed keying in the nine, two-digit numbers, and watching each ‘cell’ door open and close, allowing Charles to continue his progress, and experience some of the same sense of celebration, Jason had so rudely, but so necessarily, interrupted.

12. All That Glistens


Once again, the three men stared expectantly at the TV screen, anxious to see what the next clue held in store for them. When it came, it was short and sweet; concise, but not particularly comprehensive. In fact, it was altogether cryptic.


STAGE 5

CLUE KM 5.3

USED FOR THE FIRST TIME ON WATCH,
AROUND THE CLOCK FOR A WEEK.

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                       }

TO REVEAL BONUS CLUES


“By the look of this one, it’s going to be one we have to work out for ourselves. I don’t think we’re going to get anything relevant from the library. I wouldn’t even know where to start looking!” Bob declared, in despair.
“I think you’re spot on there, Bob. I think we should tackle it like a crossword clue, and look at each word individually. Hopefully, we’ll be able to piece it together that way,” agreed Jason.
“You might laugh at this, but I think it’s one we’re going to have to sleep on.” Kevin was as short of ideas as the other two.
They spent the evening tossing ideas around, in the hope of opening up a route that would allow them to think in the right direction.
The previous set of clues may have unlocked nine doors, which represented an excellent rate of progress, but it had taken them a full twenty four hours to solve it. By now, they were all so tired of spending such a long time concentrating on the same single theme; a relatively simple one, at first glance, but one that proved every bit as elusive as any that they’d encountered thus far.
Their beds came as a warm and welcome relief; an opportunity to escape, however briefly.
Jason used his bedtime as a time to reflect on the events of the day; the clue, that was implanted firmly in his consciousness, and of course, what might follow it. He found he had a surprisingly casual attitude. There didn’t seem to be too much about it that he found intimidating. It wasn’t as though the clues, so far, had been especially difficult, he tried to reason, once they’d been interpreted correctly. It was more the intensity of finding out and confirming their findings, getting so far and then having to start all over again, discovering everything but what they were looking for, that was so irritating and so exhausting, for all of them.
In this age of microchip technology, looking things up in books was something none of them were used to any longer.
But what about questions that didn’t have any pre-prepared answers? All the knowledge in the world had to start out as an unknown quantity. Someone, somewhere had to take ownership of the question, and formulate, or discover, not only the answer, but also the method of attaining it.
The challenge they were facing was not quite as complicated as all that, Jason realised, but that was exactly the kind of attitude all of them needed to adopt… perhaps that was already evolving within them… if they were to emerge from this mission successfully.
Jason worried himself to sleep, with these thoughts running through his head. This mission, challenge, assignment, had, in some ways become the greatest responsibility he’d ever taken on, he felt.

The moment they had all quietly been dreading, arrived; morning. The start of a day in which they were all expected to solve a clue… and perhaps more… which left them completely clueless.
Clueless was the way it remained, until shortly before lunch, when Kevin, who had been completely silent all morning, suddenly spoke, in an excited voice.
“Hear me out, lads. I think I may just have cracked this one.
The first time is ‘the second’, as in second, minute, hour. ‘Used’, as in ‘previously owned’, is another way of saying ‘second hand’. An analogue faced watch has mechanical hour, minute and second hands.
So the ‘first time’, i.e., seconds, ‘on a watch’ is the second hand. ‘Around the clock for a week’, well, that can only mean; how many seconds are there in a full week?
I was originally thinking along the lines of security guard, long shifts and so forth. How many hours did he work in his first week? But there didn’t seem to be any real indication that that was what the clue was driving at. Then I started thinking about first time experiences and how long they last. A bit too crude, I felt. So I came around to thinking about alternative meanings or usages of individual words, as you suggested, Jason. The first word I thought about was the first word of the clue, ‘used’. And it came to me! Obvious, wouldn’t you agree?”
“Pass me the calculator,” reacted Bob.
“Go for it, Bob. Kev, there’s no denying it. You don’t always have too much to say, but when you do; God! It’s priceless!”
“Three thousand, six hundred seconds in an hour; eighty six thousand, four hundred in a day; six hundred and four thousand, eight hundred in a week. You beauty, Kev!” Bob enthused as he tapped the calculator keys.
Kevin confidently accepted the handset, and keyed in the digits 6-0-4-8-0-0. Steel bars in motion drew huge sighs of relief from Bob and Jason, as Charles stood up and started walking.
The scoreboard displayed 4650000 and the bonus clues scrolled.


STAGE 5

BONUS CLUES KM 4.3, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 3.7, 3.8, 3.9, 4.9, 5.9, 6.9

 CAN YOU DIG IT?
IN 2007, THE YEAR OF THE RUSH,
A GROUP OF AMATEUR ARCHEOLOGISTS
MADE AN UNEXPECTED DISCOVERY.
THEY CAME ACROSS A STASH FROM A BULLION ROBBERY. THE DATE OF THE FIND IS RECORDED AS 01.09.07.

DETERMINE THE FOLLOWING.


WEIGHT OF STASH IN KG.

CONVERT TO IMPERIAL OZ.

VALUE OF GOLD THEN. U.S $/OZ.

VALUE OF GOLD NOW. U.S $/OZ

EXCHANGE RATE THEN. U.S $/ U.K £.

EXCHANGE RATE NOW. U.S $/U.K £.

VALUE OF STASH THEN. U.S $.

VALUE OF STASH NOW. U.S $.

VALUE OF STASH THEN. U.K £.

VALUE OF STASH NOW. U.K £.

DIFFERENCE IN VALUE BETWEEN
THEN AND NOW. UK £.


“Simple enough, on the face of it. It’s just straight conversions.” Bob offered his assessment.
“Yes but I don’t remember ever hearing about anything this big.” Jason was drawing on his knowledge of news stories.
“No, me neither; perhaps it’s fictional.” Kevin was feeling more confident in his approach, after solving the previous clue in a completely solo effort.
“Ok, let’s assume 2007: The Year of the Rush; is the title of a work of fiction; a book, a novel.” Jason had decided that the most practical way to tackle this and all clues would be to investigate seriously, any realistic suggestions that might lead to their solution.
“If that’s the case, it must be among all that lot, on the shelves,” reasoned Bob.
“We’d better get to it then.” Kevin was eager to follow-up on his hunch.
“Even if we find it is a book, it looks like we’ve got a fair bit of reading to do; as well as research for the comparisons.” Jason remained practical and realistic about the attempt to solve this one.
It seemed like a long-shot, but perhaps it wasn’t such a pointless exercise as the task implied. After all, Charles had implied that all the technical, historical and otherwise factual information could be found in the library. Surely, this applied equally to fictional information. If this was a correct assumption, then either the novel itself, if indeed it was a novel, or some kind of review, or comment, in reference to it, would be available. Believing that was one thing. Finding it could be a mammoth task.
The books available in the library were loosely categorized into fiction and non-fiction. This aside, they were arranged in no particular order, which didn’t help matters. As no concrete evidence was available, to indicate their search was for a novel, this only served to compound the issue. An author’s name would have been useful, but then, so would a lot of other, practical help, which they were never going to receive. This left them with only one course of action. Each challenger was assigned one section of shelves, and his task was to pull out any publications that may contain either references, or links to the ‘story’. The ultimate achievement, of course, would be to locate the novel itself. If indeed it actually existed.
As the three separate piles of books mounted on the coffee table, so did the sense of futility that each of them was feeling. Not only had they been unable to find any direct reference to 2007: The Year of the Rush, but they still had all those books to open and examine.
Kevin took a seat on one of the couches, claiming he had finished his section, and had had enough for one day. It was past eight o’clock, so nobody raised any objections.
When Bob joined him, only a few minutes later, it was decided unanimously, that a halt should be called on the day’s activities, and that a little wind-down time was required.
Jason sat and attempted to clear his mind of negative thoughts, while Kevin and Bob disappeared to the kitchen to make drinks.
Over cocoa and hot, buttered toast, which seemed to be the most appropriate relaxation tonic, several emotionally charged comments were passed, regarding the day’s events, and reflecting the general consensus of opinion towards the challenge as a whole.
Jason’s thoughts turned back to the same ones that had occupied his mind the previous night, as he’d attempted to sleep.
“Listen, lads,” he said, “I’ve been thinking. I understand how frustrated we all feel, at times like this, but no-one said it was going to be easy. I’m not pointing any fingers here, because we’re all in the same boat, and this applies equally to all of us.
This mission, is all a question of attitude, and without the right attitude, we’re all just clutching at straws.
The first time I came across Charles B. Hatton, was in a televised speech he made about ten years ago. I’d never even heard of him then, but what he said, I’ll never forget. One of the things he said, regarding the road to achievement was, ‘it’s neither what you know nor who you know that’s important, but how you use what you know’. I’ve often thought about practical applications for that comment, and I firmly believe that it can be practically applied, right now; for the duration of the mission, in fact.
My interpretation of that phrase is this… Even if you don’t consider that what you know amounts to much; if you use even that small amount of knowledge, in the right way, it offers you access to the understanding of all knowledge, and it applies equally to those who think they already know it all.
If that sounds like a deep concept, consider this. Suppose you don’t know the meaning of a certain word. What do you do? Sit around, scratching your head over it for the rest of your life? Dismiss it as totally insignificant? Guess?
No; none of the above. Anyone with even half a brain will know how to use a dictionary, and will go and look it up.
And here’s the real clincher.
Not only will this add a further deposit to his bank of knowledge, but, in doing so, he will gain increased understanding. And that’s really what knowledge, or wisdom is all about; not just possessing the ability to churn out facts at will, but understanding their meaning. Rote learning is all very well for things we have to use all the time, but deeper analysis, and therefore, full understanding, are required for those things that occur less often. Some things have to be researched, studied; not just witnessed. That’s why it takes a certain type of disciplined mind to become a brain surgeon, and another type altogether, to be a road sweeper. And that’s the key word; discipline. Apply yourself to the learning process, and by that I mean everything you experience in your entire lifetime, in the most disciplined way, and understanding will be the natural by-product.”

The entire next day was given up to examining the contents of the books they’d placed on the coffee table the previous day. What Jason had said, before they’d called it a night, had helped all of them to approach the day in a more positive frame of mind. But the fact still remained, that this was the only method currently available to them, of making any further progress, which meant they were forced to resign themselves to that fact.
The last thing they did, before retiring that night, was to return all the books to their places in the library. As they did so, something caught Jason’s eye, on the top of a stack of old newspapers and magazines that had been overlooked. What he saw was a dog-eared copy of a publication with the title Read All About It. He picked it up and, waving it in the direction of Bob and Kevin, said,
“Meet you tomorrow, for breakfast, in the Last Chance Saloon.”

Morning sunshine greeted the three as they entered the loft for what Bob and Kevin believed may be the final time. Jason sat, holding his find close to his chest, while a smug expression animated his face.
“You’ll never guess what I’ve got here,” he teased.
Bob and Kevin couldn’t believe their ears when Jason opened Read All About It to a page headed with the words ‘Coming Next Month’. Below this heading, printed in large, red type, was the miracle they had been hoping for. ‘2007: The Year of the Rush’. Below the title of the novel, was printed a brief overview of the story.

‘On the 1st September 2007, a group of amateur archaeologists, involved in a dig to uncover evidence of an early stone-age settlement, made a surprise discovery. They came across a hidden stash of gold bullion, in an area of the New Forest.
The gold had come from a daring motorway hi-jack that had occurred some years prior to the commencement of the dig.
2007: The Year of the Rush, attempts to cover the full range of emotions experienced by the group, after they unearth the buried treasure.
How would you feel and what would you do, if you ‘found’ 105kg of gold bullion, only to be informed that it belonged to the State, and not a single penny of it’s value could be claimed by the finders?’
Or could it???

“Wow, Jason, what are the chances of that?” Kevin was in shock.
“The chances of overlooking the periodical?
Well, I’d bet on it. The chances of it being in the last place we looked, are probably a fair bit lower. The chances of it being here at all? Well, the clues wouldn’t exist without the solutions. Luck, chances, odds, are irrelevant. Persistence, will and determination, cancel them out. We’re not facing the impossible here. We just have to make sure we leave no stone unturned. Remember; discipline, precision; don’t let frustration defeat us. Now, let’s find the technical data… It’s in here somewhere.”
This time the victory celebrations were rather subdued, as the challengers realised, not only what a lucky escape they’d had, but also how much work there was still to do, to put this set of clues to bed.
Jason remained seated, while the other two rushed back towards the bookshelves, in order to retrieve any information they could find about monetary exchange rates, and gold trading. They didn’t waste any time, and it wasn’t long before they returned with their haul, and dropped it on the coffee table in front of Jason.
“We’ve got a bunch of historical reports about gold and currencies, so it’s just a case of comparing values against dates. Let’s just hope it covers everything we’re after,” Kevin reported.
“We can do the weight conversions here and now. Pass me the Calculator please, Jason. Thanks. Now, let me see, one-o-five times two point two, gives two hundred and thirty one pounds. Multiply that by sixteen, that’s three thousand, six hundred and ninety six ounces,” Bob obliged.
Next on the agenda was the research, which took up the remainder of the morning and early afternoon, until the first breakthrough was made. Then the solution began to free-fall.
“I’ve got historical data on value of gold in U.S Dollars, here. On the first of September two thousand and seven, gold was seven hundred and fifteen dollars per ounce, and on the same date this year, it was seven hundred and sixty seven. That’s four of eleven we’ve got already.” Kevin was getting excited.
“OK, Dollar versus Pound, coming up. On the first of the ninth, o-seven, it was two dollars, ten. Same date, this year, it was only one, ninety five. That’s six answers and counting.” Bob was on fire as well.
“OK, one thing the clue didn’t let on about. The value per ounce of gold is calculated in Troy ounces. One Troy ounce is slightly more than an imperial ounce, but I’m not sure exactly how much more.” Jason’s first contribution since that morning.
“Good job you reminded us about that. I was just about to do the money, using standard, imperial ounces. We’ll have to do the first bit again,” said Bob
“Only for the money; look, KM nine point nine reads ‘convert to imperial ounces’. I guess that’s a kind of clue in disguise, to guide us towards realising we have to do the money in Troy ounces,” Kevin pointed out.
“I’ll have that. The answer to the second clue stands as it is then… at three thousand six hundred and ninety six ounces,” Bob agreed.
“So, combinations seven to ten, rely on us finding out exactly what a Troy ounce is. Once we have that, there’s only one question left. It should be a piece of cake. Let’s look up Troy ounces. It’ll be in a dictionary or something,” Jason suggested.
The book they needed was right in front of them. Kevin reached for it first and announced.
“Got it! Its one point zero nine seven imperial ounces, or, if you like, there are twelve Troy ounces in one imperial pound.”
“Good stuff, Kev,” encouraged Bob. “Three, six, nine, six divided by sixteen is two hundred and thirty one. Multiply that by twelve and we get two thousand seven hundred and twenty seven Troy ounces. We’re cruising!
Right, dollars then. Give me just a few seconds. Here we go. One million nine hundred and eighty one thousand, nine hundred and eighty, in o-seven. Two million, one hundred and twenty six thousand, one hundred and twenty four at the same time this year
Now for Pounds. Nine hundred and forty three thousand eight hundred, then. One million, ninety thousand, three hundred and twenty, now.
Wow! What a find!
Last bit and the difference; the gain in value between then and now, in good old British Pounds, is one hundred and forty six thousand, five hundred and twenty.
Handset please!”
Bob keyed the numbers, in sequence, to agree with their placing in the clues. The first, the total weight of the find, 1-0-5, was followed by it’s conversion to imperial ounces, 3-6-9-6. Next came gold values, 7-1-5 and 7-6-7, exchange rates, 2-1-0 and 1-9-5, values in US Dollars 1-9-8-1-9-8-0 and 2-1-2-6-1-2-4, values in Pounds sterling 9-4-3-8-0-0 and 1-0-9-0-3-2-0, and finally, the difference in value between the time of the find and  the corresponding date this year, 1-4-6-5-2-0.
The three looked on, in silence, as the steel doors unlocked, one after the other.
This time, there were no exuberant celebrations; only mutual nods and smiles of acknowledgement, and an overwhelming sense of relief.
Charles, who was aware of the mood in the loft, continued his journey, and passed through all eleven doors, before taking his seat, and offering only a slight nod of appreciation.
They didn’t wait to see what kind of strain the next clue would impose upon their overworked minds and bodies. Instead, they made for the stairs, leaving the clue and its inevitable side-effects until morning.
Unseen by all of them, the scoreboard stood at 8200000.

13. Origin And Destination


A sombre group faced the TV screen, for their first sight of the clue they’d deliberately avoided until this moment.


STAGE 6

CLUE KM 7.9

 FIND THE AVERAGE OF:

AMAZING

KIWI

JERRY

KANGAROO

MING

TULIPS

CHARLIE

UNIQUELY

STROH


AT THE SPEED OF SOUND:
YOU WILL BE HEARD FROM AFAR, BEFORE RETURNING TO No4.
IT’S YOUR CALL.

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                       }

TO REVEAL BONUS CLUES


Kevin looked at the clue in despair, before exclaiming,
“Speed of sound; your call; now that’s what I call a riddle!”
Jason was a little less intimidated by the words, offering his thoughts.
“The term ‘your call’ could mean ‘your choice’, or it could mean ‘call’ as in telephone call.”
“I think the telephone idea is more likely,” reasoned Bob. “I mean, we are dealing with numbers after all, aren’t we?”
“Ok, staying on the telephone theme; ‘speed of sound’ kind of ties in with it and ‘heard from afar’; isn’t that what the word ‘telephone’ means anyway?” agreed Jason. “But ‘Amazing’, ‘Jerry’, ‘Kiwi’ and the rest; what do you suppose they mean?”
Bob thought for a few moments before stating,
“Not sure, but ‘Kiwi’ and ‘Jerry’ are nicknames for New Zealanders and Germans respectively. At least, they’re words that people associate with those countries”
Then ‘Ming’ is China, ‘Kangaroo’ is Australia, ‘Tulips’ from Amsterdam; Holland. This could be it,” Kevin joined in.
Jason followed up with,
“And by the same reasoning, ‘Charlie’ should be Vietnam. Wasn’t that the American’s nickname for the Communists, in the Vietnam War? That leaves ‘Amazing’, ‘Uniquely’ and ‘Stroh’. Anyone got any thoughts on those?”
At least an hour of silence followed, before Bob made another contribution.
“Amazing Thailand: that was always the tourist board’s marketing slogan for promoting visits to Thailand. I used to hear the phrase all the time, on TV adverts when I was in Cambodia, and during trips across the border into Thailand.”
They were getting close to developing the theory on the countries they’d come up with, into a cohesive relationship with the clues. With this in mind, they decided that they would add more value to the time they were spending, by splitting Kevin away from the group, to confirm that their word association was valid. Meanwhile Bob and Jason searched dictionaries, atlases and travel brochures, to determine any links between the two outstanding words and specific countries.
Kevin achieved the initial result, and was able to confirm that it had been relatively easy to find references associating these words with the countries they’d identified. Only the word ‘Amazing’ had stumped him, which meant he needed Bob to offer him some direction.
Bob, immediately reached for one of the travel brochures he’d been browsing, rapidly thumbed through several pages, and displayed the advertisement he’d spotted earlier.
‘Come to Amazing Thailand’, was the invitation that headed the page. These words were all that Kevin required to enable him to re-join Bob and Jason, in their research of the final two words.
Jason found the word ‘Stroh’, in a guide book, which described it as ‘The Austrian hooch, or firewater, available in two strengths’. This just left ‘Uniquely’, which Bob found in another travel brochure. ‘Uniquely Singapore’, was yet another travel slogan.
“OK, if we’re relating the words in the clues to these countries, and attempting to ‘find the average’ of them ‘at the speed of sound’, then we’ve already established that they must relate to numbers, or a numerical value. If we continue on the ‘telephone’ theme, we have to be thinking IDD numbers. Anyone know them?” Jason felt they were getting closer.
“Phone book, if we’ve got one. They’ll be in there,” Bob suggested.
“I can get them on my mobile. We’ve got no signal for calls, but I can still access my files.” Kevin waved his cell phone in the air for emphasis. “Here we go; Holland, thirty one; Austria, forty three; Germany, forty nine. Is anyone writing this down?”
“I’m doing it on the calculator,” answered Jason.
“OK. Australia, sixty one; New Zealand, sixty four; Singapore, sixty five; Thailand, sixty six; Vietnam,                                                                      eighty four, and finally, China is eighty six. What have we got?”
“Five hundred and forty nine” shouted Jason.  “So the average of that, if I divide by nine, is sixty one.”
“Sixty one is Australia; that’s number four on the list, and it agrees with the phone IDD concept. It’s all coming together!” cried Kevin.
“In that case 6-1 goes into the keypad; agreed?” Bob asked, taking it upon himself to enter the combination.
The trio stood in silence, hoping and praying they’d come to the correct conclusion. As they watched yet another door open, they all realised they had done just that.
“That was a hairy one,” breathed a relieved Bob, who noticed that the score had reached 8610000.
“That was nothing. Take a look at the next one” Kevin was pointing to the screen as he spoke.
The sighs of relief became gasps of despair as they read the clue.


STAGE 6

BONUS CLUES KM 8.9, 9.9, 9.8, 9.7,
 9.6, 9.5, 9.4, 9.3, 9.2, 8.2, 7.2, 6.2, 5.2

UNRAVEL STEERING IN NON-NEGATIVE MANNER, CHARTING A DOUBLE TON. DRAIN OUT COMPOSITE CONTENT, USING STRAINER FROM THE STONES ERA.
TWO FACTORS WILL LITERALLY DETERMINE THE REMAINDER. THE FIRST APPLIES TO ALL AND ALL BUT THE FIRST ONLY APPLY TO THEMSELVES.
IN THEIR PRIME, THEY ADD UP TO ONE IN THE EYE FOR HAROLD.


Several uneasy minutes followed, as they digested the clue. It was in the rather cryptic form of a single question, with a range of answers,
“This one evidently refers to a sequence of numbers that follow specific rules.” Bob reacted first.
Jason had spent the period of quiet contemplation, scribbling notes onto a sheet of paper.
“Yes, I’ll go along with that,” he agreed. “If you ‘unravel steering’, you get ‘integers’. It’s another anagram.”
 “What about ‘non-negative’? How American is that?” Kevin was completely lost on this one.
“And if you chart a double ton, you get a list, basically, of numbers from one to two hundred. Hang on, while I scribble this down,” continued Bob, as he wrote the numbers one to two hundred, in neat rows and columns, onto a sheet of paper. “Here it is.”
 “OK what now?” asked Kevin.
“Let’s see; ‘drain out composite content’ has got to mean get rid of numbers with more than one divisor, or strictly speaking, more than two, because every number can divide by itself and one. I think we’re looking for prime numbers. So it’s numbers with exactly two divisors,” explained Bob.
Jason was impressed, acknowledging Bob’s shrewd assessment.
“Could be spot on. ‘In their prime’ certainly agrees with that.”
There was no stopping Bob.
“I remember now, it’s called ‘The sieve of Eratosthenes’. Watch this.”
Moments later, after frantically scribbling more notes, Jason announced,
 “He’s right on the ball, ‘strainer from the stones era’. It’s another anagram.” Just to be sure, he added, “Hey Bob, can you remember how it’s spelt? Does E-r-a-t-o-s-t-h-e-n-e-s sound about right to you?”
“Spot on.” said Bob.
“Great! Strainer is the same thing as sieve. Now we’re cooking!”
“Yeah!” said Bob. “And two factors, first in all, all but first in the relevant ones. It’s primes alright.”
“But how do you know which are the prime numbers? I mean, surely you haven’t memorised them all,” Kevin wondered.
“Easy; let me explain.
One isn’t a prime number, it only has one divisor; itself. So that can go for a start. Two, three and five are primes, but multiples of them aren’t. The same applies to seven, nine, eleven and so on. But we don’t need to worry too much about higher numbers… were only going up to two hundred… and I think three, five and seven should just about cover the multiples.
Two is the only even prime; two and one are its divisors. Take out the evens next, except two, and see what we end up with. It should look something like this.”

2 3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25

27 29 31 33 35 37 41 43 45 47 49 51 53

55 57 59 61 63 65 67 69 71 73 75 77 79

81 83 85 87 89 91 93 95 97 99 101 103 105

107 109 111 113 115 117 119 121  123 125 127 129 131

133 135 137 139 141 143 145 147  149 151 153 155 157

159 161 163 165 167 169 171 173  175 177 179 181 183

185 187 189 191 193 195 197 199

“OK, now take out factors of three, five and seven, but leave in the numbers three, five and seven.”
It only took him a few more seconds to remove the factors.
“Looking at that, we’ve got a few with factors of eleven and thirteen. One hundred and twenty one, one hundred and forty three, and one hundred and eighty seven… all of them divide by eleven. So they’re out, and one hundred and sixty nine divides by thirteen, so get rid as well. That leaves us with forty six prime numbers up to one hundred and ninety nine, you see?”
He showed them the table again, with all its non-prime numbers scribbled out, leaving an illegible mass of pencil strokes. Seeing the puzzled expressions on the faces of Kevin and Jason, he began to write out neatly, the remaining numbers.

2 3 5 7 11 13 17 19 23 29 31 37 41 43

47 53 59 61 67 71 73 79 83 89 97 101 103 107

109 113 127 131 137 139 149 151 157 163 167 173 179 181

191 193 197 199

“Now for the combination. One in the eye for Harold. That’s got to be the Battle of Hastings, ten, sixty six. What do you think?” asked Jason.
“Could be,” agreed Kevin, “but ten, sixty six isn’t the combination.”
“No,” said Bob. “The combination is thirteen numbers, for thirteen doors. Together, they will add up to ten, sixty six. Let’s see which thirteen of these babies will do that for us.”
Jason looked at Bob. “How do you know all of this, Bob?”
“Hey, you know, thirteen, unlucky for some; my lucky number. No, really, I mean, I’m good with numbers, you’re good with words. Kev’s good with, something else… er, food.”
“Yeah? But it was me who got The World of Charles B. Hatton, Triangle Square. Three doors, thank you very much.”
“The easy bit; it was only areas of squares, and the circumference of a circle. It was me; I got the relationship between the KM references and the dimensions of his World.”
“Yes, but what was more important; opening the doors, or opening your mouth about that? I bet any of us could have sussed that out, in time.”
“Come on Jason. Back then, I was a genius. Now you’re just being cocky. It’s a bit like saying you discovered chicken, after I gave you the first egg.”
“It’s not; your egg had to come from a chicken in the first place. It could have been my chicken”
“Exactly my point, Jason. But all this is becoming a little absurd.”
“I know, mate. I’m only winding you up. I’m sorry. It’s just frustration setting in. It helps to pass the time though, doesn’t it?”
 “Nice one, Jason. Let’s try not to get into any arguments, though. We’re all feeling the pressure. Let’s all just try to relax a bit.”
Kevin chipped in. “He’s right. It’s getting to us all. I used to think University Challenge was hard. This beats it hands down.
Hi, I’m Kevin Lake from the kitchen; reading everything you can put in front of me.”
It was late afternoon by now, so Jason, eager to solve the clue and move forward, settled things down by asking Bob,
“Well mate, did you get those numbers?”
A few minutes were all it took him to come up with the answer, which he read out to Kevin, who was waiting with the handset.
The numbers were entered without hesitation, 2, 1-7, 3-7, 4-3, 4-7, 6-1, 6-7, 7-1, 9-7, 1-0-3, 1-5-1, 1-7-3, and 1-9-7.
Kevin and Bob were ecstatic, and began dancing around the loft as Charles passed through thirteen doors, raising the score to 14850000 as he did so.
Jason got everyone back on track by saying,
“OK, the fun’s over. Let’s all focus. Anyone got any theories about this one?”

14. Sportsman’s Lunch


STAGE 7

CLUE KM 4.2

NORMALLY VIEWED AS A SCORE-DRAW?

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                       }

TO REVEAL BONUS CLUES


They all turned their attention to the screen.
“The term ‘a score-draw’, usually applies to football. Most other sports, apart from cricket, usually end with a win for one team.” Jason was quick to express his thought, starting an exchange of words with Kevin.
“Then ‘normally’; what would that be? One-all, two-all. They’re your standard score-draws; what you’d normally expect to see,” added Kevin.
“Doesn’t sound like either of them do enough to answer the clue. I’m thinking about the words ‘Normally viewed’. It could mean watching the game live, from the stands, rather than on TV. But it still doesn’t lead me to think of a specific number, or scoreline.”
“What about the word ‘score’? That’s another way of saying twenty.”
“But twenty all, is not exactly what you’d call a normal scoreline.”
“No, but twenty-twenty, is perfectly normal.” Bob cut in.
“How’s that?” asked Jason.
The conversation changed hands, from Jason and Kevin, to Jason and Bob.
“Twenty-twenty vision is normal vision, which agrees with both ‘normally viewed’ and ‘score-draw’, if you take logic to its literal conclusion.”
“But I thought that twenty-twenty vision was perfect, or highly sensitive, vision.”
“In optical terms, perfect is normal. If you don’t have perfect eyesight, your eyes need some attention; glasses or corrective surgery. Twenty-twenty vision only refers to the standard eye chart at the optician; what you’re able to see, from what distance. If you ‘score’ twenty-twenty, your eyes are normal.”
“But I thought it meant much more than that”
“Like what? The ability to see around corners, x-ray vision? Think about it.”
“I get your point; it all fits so well, I hardly dare to question it. But we got it in no time.”
“Well, Hatton did say that some of the clues would be a simple case of either knowing the answer or not. If we’d all dismissed twenty-twenty vision as too obvious, we’d be in for another very long day tomorrow.
As it stands, all we need to do is confirm I’m right, and we move on. That though, could be easier said than done.”
Kevin found the reference that confirmed Bob’s definition of twenty-twenty vision, and read aloud, from the textbook he’d found. When he’d finished, he looked at Bob and smiled.
Bob’s fingers danced over the handset. Another door opened, and Charles took the short walk to the adjacent cell.
The scoreboard now stood at 15400000.


STAGE 7

BONUS CLUES KM 3.2, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4, 2.5, 2.6,
2.7, 2.8, 2.9, 2.10, 3.10, 4.10, 5.10, 6.10, 7.10

SUMMER ACTIVITY CAUSES DJ TO
TAKE STOCK OF AVERAGE RUN RECORD.
I DO DECLARE!
15 WITHOUT LOSS AT CLOSE OF SESSION
IT’S NOT CRICKET!


Kevin arrived back in the loft, to join Bob and Jason, who had already had thirty minutes or so, to assess the clue. Kevin’s lateness was a result of the extra kitchen duties his preparation of supper had created.
“If it’s not cricket,” he wondered, “then what the hell is it? I mean, everything points to cricket, and then it just contradicts the association.”
“It sounds exactly like the guarantees I used to write, at work. Promise the world, and then issue an immediate disclaimer. One word at a time is the way we should tackle this one.
Let’s go to bed now, and put three fresh sets of  cells to it, in the morning.” Jason decreed.

Morning became afternoon, before the weary trio were able to shed any light at all on the confusing jumble of words that had appeared, at first glance, to make sense. But the clue had proceeded to frustrate itself with its closing comment.
Frustration, was affecting them all once again, as it began to run its tortuous course, eating away, gradually, at the enthusiasm of the challengers.
Jason who had been quietly pacing the floor, suddenly halted in mid-step.
“Hey, lads! ‘I do declare’, doesn’t necessarily mean ‘beat that’. It could be somebody’s reaction to something that surprises them, pleasantly. And ‘record’ doesn’t have to mean ‘disc’, or ‘account’. It could mean ‘greatest achievement’. So, my theory is that we’re looking for a world record. Possibly one that was broken on fifteen separate occasions, at consecutive attempts, even; judging by ‘fifteen without loss’.
It took a further hour, but Bob followed up with his contribution.
“I’ve been looking at the phrase ‘summer activity’, and I translated that to mean ‘seasonal trend’ or ‘trends’. I linked this expression to four separate words, within the clue; ‘DJ’, ‘stock’, ‘average’, and ‘session’. This made me think of Stock Markets and the closing bell that ends the session.
A run of fifteen straight record closes, sounds a bit far-fetched, to me. I don’t remember ever hearing about it, but then, I don’t really follow the markets. Anyway, as soon as I’d made that connection, I realised ‘DJ’, could mean ‘Dow Jones’, and ‘average’ ties in with that, as well; the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
The stock markets are very much affected by seasonal trends. So ‘summer activity’, could mean the previous record was broken, due to concentrated buying of certain stocks, which may be affected by the weather, or season.”
“It’s a fantastic deduction, Bob,” complimented Jason. “Let me see if I’m interpreting you correctly. What I think you’re saying is, we should be looking for a run of fifteen straight days, or sessions, when the Dow Jones Industrial Average, broke into record territory and continued its run of gains.”
“Yes, exactly,” nodded Bob, emphatically.
Kevin had been listening to Bob’s reasoning and although he was unable to offer an alternative explanation, he felt obliged to comment.
“I don’t follow the markets either, but I know that the Dow Jones is as low as it’s been for a couple of years, right now.”
“But where was it six months ago? A couple of weeks ago? We all know how volatile the markets can get,” countered Bob.
“Only one thing for it then,” said Kevin. “I vote we break for dinner, I know it’s a bit early, but I’ve got a special treat for us today.
After we’ve eaten, we’ll start to search for the historical data on the Dow Jones, and see where that takes us.”
Leading the way to the kitchen, Kevin explained that he was becoming depressed with the atmosphere that the challenge was creating. Everybody’s behaviour was becoming erratic, and moods were unpredictable. He included himself in his assessment, and pointed out that he wasn’t holding anybody responsible; it was just the nature of their demanding schedule.
In an attempt to instil an atmosphere of relaxation, or to give them a brief respite, at least, he had decided to treat them all to a demonstration of his culinary skills. It was, he thought, a proactive and practical, short-term solution.
“It’s simple, but effective. You don’t need to be an expert to do it for yourselves and it’ll certainly impress the ladies.”
“Ladies? What do you need a girlfriend for, if you can cook for yourself?” asked Bob.
“I take it there isn’t anyone special in your life,” Kevin wondered.
“Not any more. It’s a bit of a sore point, but I’ll get over it,” replied Bob.
As Bob and Jason seated themselves at the dining table, Kevin delved into the fridge, producing his ingredients, which he had quietly instructed Ron to purchase for him, during his last visit. Two rainbow trout, a dozen or so new potatoes, baby corn and mange tout, were placed onto a foil lined tray. Accompanying them, a handful of mushrooms, a red pepper and two lemons. Beside the tray, which he had placed on the dining table, he positioned a carton of double cream and a bottle of red wine. The potatoes were dropped into a saucepan of water, and heated.
I thought you said it was going to be a simple meal,” commented Bob.
“Trust me, you’ll be able to do it yourself, next time,” Kevin responded.
Kevin took a roll of kitchen foil from one of the work units, and ripped away a large square. Onto this, he placed the two rainbow trout, which had already been gutted, but retained their heads and tails.
“You can ask them to remove the guts when you buy them,” Kevin explained.
Into the openings that had been created by the disembowelments, he placed a small knob of butter and a slice of lemon; seasoning with salt and black pepper. He then fashioned a bag, or parcel from the foil, in which he’d placed the fish. Next, he opened the bottle of wine and poured a generous amount into the parcel. Finally, he placed the package into the oven, and poured three glasses of wine.
They had been instructed that the abstinence of alcohol was one of the sacrifices they would be obliged to make, along with smoking, and a few other, minor things. But when Kevin had explained to Ron the purpose of the wine, an exception had been made.
“I’ll do the starter while the fish is cooking,” said Kevin, as he reached into a cupboard for a large can of soup.
“Sorry it’s only tinned, it would have taken me hours to make my own.”
As Bob and Jason were finishing their soup, Kevin returned to the oven and removed the fish. The liquid that remained in the parcel was poured into a frying pan, and cream was added. As the sauce warmed, gently, he chopped the pepper and mushroom, and placed them, with a large knob of butter, into another frying pan. The baby corn and mange tout were dropped into the boiling water with the new potatoes, while Kevin sautéed the pepper and mushrooms, and turned up the heat on the sauce. Then, he took a sharp knife, carefully removed the heads and tails from the fish, and made an incision, along the spine, allowing the bones to be removed easily.
Laying the plates of food onto the table, he proudly announced,
“Dinner is served! Rainbow Trout, poached in red wine with a double cream and red wine sauce; served with new potatoes and a selection of fresh garden vegetables. Enjoy!”
The entire process, from preparation, through cooking, to serving, had taken a little over twenty minutes, in which time they had eaten their starter and enjoyed a glass of wine.
The meal had the effect of temporarily easing the feelings of pressure, frustration, even monotony that were beginning to take their toll on all of them.
“Thanks Kev, mate. That was a truly fantastic meal!” complimented Bob, as he finished his last mouthful. “Tomorrow, I’ll make us cauliflower cheese. It’s just about the only thing I really know how to do… but it’s a dream!”
Kevin reacted quickly,
“As long as it’s nothing like the ‘breakfast’ you destroyed the other day… I’ll put a slow acting, hideously painful poison into your bedtime cocoa if it is.”
Bob feigned a tone of offence, as he defended himself,
“It’s good, I promise. But isn’t it funny, the things you sometimes threaten to do to your best mates, that you say you’d never wish on your worst enemy?”
“But isn’t it equally funny, though, how best mates can become worst enemies, in a heartbeat?” observed Kevin.
Jason joined the conversation.
“Going by what you both just said, you have to ask yourself, which is worse.”
“Don’t worry. It’ll never happen to us,” Bob assured.
“What? Best friends or worst enemies?”
They laughed and joked as they made their way back to the loft, to resume their tedious research.
Bob and Kevin began to search the book shelves, leaving Jason to inspect the pile of newspapers and magazines, in which he’d found the copy of Read All About It, that had proved so useful earlier.
Two hours elapsed, in which Kevin and Bob collected books, stacking them up on the coffee table, before settling down to examine them. Meanwhile, Jason sifted through his own stack, which turned out to contain five envelopes, each filled with A4 sheets of photocopy paper, bearing extracts from newspapers long discarded. These had been placed at random, into the envelopes, and revealed neither date of publication, nor source. Jason had already checked the business columns in the recently dated newspapers, and had placed them to one side, as they didn’t appear to contain any pertinent information. He had conducted a similar exercise with the magazines, and was currently attempting to eliminate unhelpful content, from his enquiries into the loose sheets of paper.
Another productive, but in terms of physical progress, result-free day, was drawing to a close.
The time it took to complete the routine, almost automated, process of going to bed, sleeping, rising, and returning to the loft, seemed to pass so quickly, it hardly felt like the challengers had ever left the room. Even on the rare occasions they had managed to end their day early, in order to treat themselves to an hour or two of leisure time, the return to the loft was a recurring nightmare they all had to endure.

Jason was running out of space on the coffee table, and had taken up position on the floor whose luxurious carpet was almost as comfortable as the couch he’d vacated. Whenever he found a page that contained stock market closing figures, he’d place it into a separate pile, away from the papers he’d eliminated. He took no notice of the figures, and even this pile had reached a hundred or more pages thick, before he came across the news item that served as the initial breakthrough to the ultimate solution of the clue. Above the summary of world stock market closing figures was a headline that read, ‘Dow Jones smashes through 16,000 threshold’. The article wasn’t dated, but Jason knew that sixteen thousand was the number he was looking for. The Dow Jones had never hit seventeen thousand, he was sure of that.
He placed this sheet of paper as far away from anything that might conceal it as he could manage. Next, he took the stack of papers containing the stock market closing figures, and began to search through them for any that might record the Dow Jones close, higher than sixteen thousand. Whenever he found one that qualified, he placed it on the floor, close to the one containing the news item. He managed to find ten more such sheets, in the stack he was holding. These were placed corner to corner, on the floor, so that the bottom left hand corner of the sheet that recorded a higher value, was touching the top right hand corner of one that recorded a lower close. In this way, he produced a graph, giving him a physical representation of the daily gains. As long as there were no more than fifteen with figures above sixteen thousand, it would provide proof that Bob’s theory had been correct, as well as the numbers they required for the combinations.
As soon as Bob and Kevin caught on to his intention, they put down their books, and began to help him find the four figures that would complete the exercise.
Eventually, as evening fell, they had found all fifteen figures. Not only that, but Kevin had found the piece of news that sealed the matter.
“Listen to this,” he said. “This is the headline  they wrote at the end of the fifteen day run, ‘CRASH!!!’, it says, in massive type; then, a bit smaller, ‘Dow wipes out three weeks of record breaking gains to fall back below sixteen thousand, as investors switch strategy to profit taking’. It lost over a thousand points in a single day! As far as I can tell, it’s been falling ever since.
This must have only been fairly recently, though. How come none of us knew about it?”
Jason thought he might have the explanation.
“I think we may have been a little pre-occupied. I mean I for one, didn’t bother too much with day to day stuff like that, once I’d found that article about Charles.”
Both Bob and Kevin indicated that he had a point that applied to them just as much as it did to Jason. It didn’t matter though; it was history now and didn’t affect them anyway.
Jason was presented with the handset, for his efficient handling of the task. He took a long look at it before handing it back to Bob and saying,
“It’s yours Bob; you did the hard work finding out what this was all about. I just collected the stuff that was already waiting for us, for any of us, to find.”
Bob keyed the numbers slowly and deliberately, so that they would be able to maximise the sense of achievement and satisfaction that unlocking fifteen doors would bring to them.
Eventually, he completed the sequence.
1-6-0-4-2, preceded 1-6-0-5-3, 1-6-0-8-9,
1-6-0-9-1, 1-6-1-0-8, 1-6-2-4-9, 1-6-3-5-2, 1-6-4-6-6, 1-6-4-7-5, 1-6-6-0-2, 1-6-7-6-8, 1-6-9-0-5, 1-6-9-2-6, 1-6-9-2-8 and 1-6-9-3-6.
This done, they glanced briefly at the following clue, paying only lip-service to its content, before retiring.
The scoreboard now stood at 24850000.

15. Speculate To Accumulate


STAGE 8

CLUE KM 8.10

INVERTED IMAGE OF PROJECTED EARNINGS
CONVINCES YOU TO BUY MORE.

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                       }

TO REVEAL BONUS CLUES


The first person to react to the clue, the following morning, was Bob. He was playing with the calculator, trying an experiment he’d thought of, or dreamed of in bed, the previous night.
“If you ‘invert’ all the sixes, they become all the nines. Maybe that’s what it’s getting at.”
He handed the calculator to Jason, to demonstrate. He’d tapped in the number six, ten times, before passing it over.
“You’re not wrong,” Jason said, after studying the small screen, and passing the calculator on to Kevin. “But I’m not sure that would convince me to ‘buy more.’ I mean what would we be looking at, six, sixty six or a whole series of sixes? How many sixes, Bob?”
“That’s the question, isn’t it? I never got on to the actual number. But six is the only number inverting the calculator works on. But it has to be a number doesn’t it, maybe a different one. As a matter of interest, what number would convince you to buy more?”
Well, if you invert the meaning of ‘buy more’, it becomes ‘sell less’, doesn’t it?” Jason was thinking out loud.
Kevin was lost in thought, smiling to himself. A few moments passed before he spoke.
“You’re right Jason, but Bob, I’m sorry, you’re wrong,” he said confidently.
“Not like you to be so cocky, Kev. You’ve got an explanation, I hope,” returned Bob.
“I have indeed, Bob. Listen to this; you’re going to love this one.
At school, we used to play this game with our calculators; probably a bit after your time, Bob. We used to make words from the numbers. This is where you were wrong, Bob, although you were kind of right about number six. But, if you invert the numbers zero, one, three, four, five and seven; I think that’s the lot; you don’t get numbers exactly, but letters; ‘o’, ‘i’, ‘e’, ‘h’, ‘s’ and ‘l’. I’m not that sure you can spell out any numbers, but take a look at this.” He pressed the six keys and inverting the calculator, passed it back to Bob.
“Hey, that’s a good one, Kev. I’ve never seen that before. What words can you actually make?”
Bob was impressed.
“Well, use your imagination really, but, back at school, we’d come up with all sorts; ‘soil’, ‘ill’, ‘so’ and loads of others. The ones that stick out for me though, are ‘esso oil’ and ‘shell oil.’ As soon as Jason said ‘sell less’, I realised I could easily form the word ‘sell’ just by dropping the ‘h’ from ‘shell’… I’m good at dropping ‘h’s’.
By the same token… using exactly the same numbers in fact… I also realised I had the means to make the word ‘less’. If you key in five, five, three, seven, seven, seven, three, five, it becomes ‘sell less’; go ahead, do it.
OK, turn the calculator around and read. What does it say?”
“Unbelievable! Take a look at this, Jason. It actually says ‘sell less’; look!”
“Wow, Kev, you’ve got it! What do you think though? Is this the number we’re after?”
“It’s one of those ‘yes’ or ‘no’ situations. It’s totally based on guesswork… I guess. But I don’t think you’d ever make a more educated guess at anything. I say a resounding ‘Yes’. What about you, Bob?”
“Me too; yes, yes, and yes again. Kevin, old boy, I’m really starting to develop a healthy respect for you. These last couple of days, you’ve saved our bacon… mine quite literally… a number of times. You’re so much more than just a pretty face.”
Kevin felt slightly embarrassed, and more than just a little apprehensive as he accepted the handset. The hero of the hour nervously entered 5-5-3-7-7-7-3-5, taking a deep breath and closing his eyes tightly. He refused to open them again, until he had heard the reaction of the others. Thankfully, it was the positive one that he had hoped for, and he was able to heave another huge sigh of relief.
The jubilant trio watched the scoreboard adjust to read 25560000, before the next clue appeared.


STAGE 8 

BONUS CLUES KM 9.10, 10.10, 10.9, 10.8, 10.7, 10.6, 
10.5, 10.4, 10.3, 10.2, 10.1, 9.1, 8.1, 7.1, 6.1, 5.1, 4.1

CAUGHT SPEEDING?

GIVE THE FASTEST RECORDED SPEEDS.
FIRST DISCOVER WHAT YEAR THEY SET THEIR RECORDS, IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THE SPEED

ANSWERS TO 3 DECIMAL PLACES, OR FEWER AS APPROPRIATE (IGNORING THE DECIMAL POINT),
IN BOTH MP/H AND KM/H (IN THAT ORDER),
WILL PROVIDE THE COMBINATIONS.


GASTON DE CHASSELOUP – LAUBAT
DECEMBER 18

CAMILLE JENATZY
APRIL 29

LEON SERPOLET
APRIL 13

LOUIS RIGOLLY
JULY 21

FRED MARRIOTT
JANUARY 26

MALCOLM CAMPBELL
JULY 21

HENRY SEGRAVE
MARCH 29

HENRY SEGRAVE
MARCH 11

MALCOLM CAMPBELL
FEBRUARY 24

MALCOLM CAMPBELL
MARCH 7

GEORGE E. T. EYSTON
NOVEMBER 19

TOM GREEN
OCTOBER 5

CRAIG BREEDLOVE
OCTOBER 15

CRAIG BREEDLOVE
NOVEMBER 2

GARY GABELICH
OCTOBER 23

RICHARD NOBLE
OCTOBER 4

ANDY GREEN	
SEPTEMBER 25


“That’s a lot of names,” sighed Kevin.
“Isn’t it though? Seventeen to be precise, and seventeen more doors, if we get the numbers that go with them,” said Jason, in a matter of fact tone.
“Well I recognise two of the names; Malcolm Campbell and Andy Green. So I’d say that these are the dates of land speed records, set by cars. Not just any car though; only the most advanced technology of the day. Green is the current record holder; sorry I can’t recall his speed. If we’re talking about wheeled vehicles, on the ground, Campbell has held the record half a dozen times, or more, going back more than seventy years.
So, from my fairly limited knowledge of this record, seventeen names, or at least the dates of their respective records, could take us back quite a long way; perhaps even as far as the late nineteenth century.” Bob tried to be as comprehensive as possible.
“You said ‘wheeled vehicles, on the ground’; as opposed to what? Aeroplanes, rockets?” Jason was anxious to know.
“No, Jason, not exactly. The land speed record, as in the fastest ever, without taking off, is something like mach eight point five; set just a few years ago by an un-manned rocket… on rails. We’ve got a list of names, with partial dates, so these are basically road vehicles,” explained Bob.
“Well I know absolutely nothing about cars,” Jason confessed, helplessly.
“I’m in the same boat as Jason, I’m afraid,” admitted Kevin.
Bob was quick to play down their anxiety.
“No worries; you don’t have to be a motor mechanic. We already know what we’re looking for. All we need is the relevant data.”
“Is there an echo in here? I’m sure I’ve heard that somewhere before,” joked Kevin.
Bob appreciated the humour, but brought them all back down to earth with his next comment.
“OK, nice one Kevin, but seriously, we’ve got another long session in the reference library, so ‘quiet please’, I think is the appropriate expression, and let’s get busy.”
“This could take forever,” muttered Kevin as, once more, he joined the others in trawling the bookshelves for an elusive catch that may easily be overlooked time and again.
He sighed again, as he dwelt on this thought for a minute or two, before pulling himself together slightly. He realised Bob had been dead right, about one thing at least; they knew what they were looking for… what information, at least. What none of them knew was how that information had been recorded, nor how long it was ultimately going to take them to solve this clue.
The search began, predictably slowly, until Kevin came across the book he had set out to find. He sat down with Record Breaking Facts And Feats; the only copy the library contained, and looked up ‘land speed record’. The current record was easy enough to find, but he could find no references to any of the others.
“I’ve got one,” he said at last. “Looks like you were right, Bob; Andy Green achieved a speed of seven hundred and sixty three, point zero three five miles per hour, or one thousand two hundred and twenty seven, point nine nine kilometres per hour, on the twenty fifth of September, nineteen ninety seven, in Black Rock Desert, USA.”
Bob and Jason congratulated him enthusiastically, providing much needed motivation to continue their efforts, but as the day drew to a close, the realisation that they were still sixteen short of their target, called for an urgent re-think of strategy.
Jason addressed the issue.
“All these books and no sign of progress after a full day of searching. One solitary combination to show for our efforts, and just to compound our frustration, it’s for the last door. We can’t even use it, unless, or until, we have all the others.
We know what we’re looking for. We know that the data is in here. So we keep on looking; we don’t think about giving up.
Let’s come up with some ideas on how to make the search a bit more efficient. Think about it over night. We’ll see if we can come up with a fresh approach to start the day tomorrow.”

The fresh approach came from an unexpected source.
Bob had taken to bed with him, a small stack of newspapers; more something to read to take his mind off things, and help him sleep, than for research purposes.
The centre pages of one of the dailies, held a full-spread advertisement, with a banner headline, in red ink; ‘THE NEED FOR SPEED’.
Almost immediately below this, Bob spotted the name, Gaston de Chasseloup-Laubat, which he recognised as the first name on the list that had filled the TV screen in the loft. He read on.

‘The Need for Speed’ – The story of the World Land Speed Record serialised in 21 parts; beginning with Gaston de Chasseloup-Laubat, way back in 1898, and continuing with every subsequent record, up to the current record holder, Andy Green, in 1997.
Simply cut out the daily token, today and for the next three weeks, to qualify for your free DVD collection!
Don’t miss the opportunity to own this unique record, compiled from rare archive film footage and dramatised accounts, of the fastest machines on earth’.

He noticed that the token had been cut away, which he was sure meant that the DVD’s were somewhere in the loft.
Bob had slept soundly, with the newspaper tucked under his pillow, and the thought of unlocking seventeen more doors, trapped between his ears.
In the morning, he spread the newspaper across the dining table in the kitchen, so that Kevin and Jason could get a good view of what he’d found.
“Here’s our change of strategy,” he announced. “Instead of looking for old fashioned books, we come back to the twenty first century and more familiar territory. What we’re looking for is a bunch of DVD’s; twenty one of them that document every record.”
A much happier and more confident trio entered the loft to complete the formality of retrieving the DVD’s.
Bob headed straight for the TV screen, and opened the door to the cabinet below it. The shelves were lined with hundreds of CD’s and DVD’s, arranged in completely random order. Despite this, it took him only a few minutes to locate all twenty one discs. Each one displayed the title ‘The Need for Speed’, below which was printed a date. Disappointingly, it only included the year, or years of the records featured on the disc. Bob realised that this would slow down their search for the records.
As the three challengers inspected the DVD’s, they realised that they held in their hands, all the combinations they required. They also realised that, as each disc had a running time of three hours, it would take them almost three days of viewing, even if they were to watch twenty four hours a day, to discover what those combinations were.
Jason delivered his practical assessment of the situation.
“If that’s what it takes to get what we’re after, that’s what we’ll do Even if we take things a bit slower, we’re only a matter of days away from unlocking seventeen doors. That may sound like a long time, but it’s something that will definitely happen. We just have to put up with the monotony of it, like we have with all the others.”
Kevin came up with something even more practical.
“We’ve got Andy Green’s speeds; his is the latest record, the last on our list. My guess is that Gaston de Chasseloup-Laubat, in eighteen ninety eight, is going to be one we want too. Even if he broke the record again later, I think our list starts with the first record.”
Bob had previously mentioned that Malcolm Campbell had broken his own record on several occasions. Until this point, however, nobody had paid too much attention to the possibility that all the names on their list could be of multiple record breakers, meaning the dates would have to be noted very carefully, in order to avoid confusion and errors.
So it was that they began what turned out to be five days of staring at the TV screen, only breaking to eat and sleep; pausing on the picture occasionally to make a note of the speeds they required, and to cross reference the dates. The end result, however, was almost inevitable; watching all the discs would guarantee their objective.
They were able to eliminate eight of the discs, during the course of this period, shortly after pressing PLAY and discovering that none of the drivers on their list featured on that particular DVD. This meant that, in total, they watched thirteen full discs, and parts of eight others; approximately forty hours of TV.
The dates they were looking for all seemed to be milestone occasions in the history of the record. Kevin had assumed correctly that the first one would be relevant to them, just as the last or latest one had been.
The top speed over a measured distance of either one mile, or one kilometre, whichever produced the fastest time, was the figure they required.

On December 18, 1898, Gaston de Chasseloup-Laubat, managed to reach the, nowadays laughable, speed of 39.24 mph, or 63.15 km/h
Less than a year later on April 29, 1899, Camille Jenatzy recorded 65.79 mph, or 105.88 km/h, the first time more than 100 km/h had been recorded.
On April 13, 1902, Leon Serpollet reached 75.06 mph, or 120.8 km/h.
July 21, 1904 saw the first 100 mph achievement, from Louis Rigolly, with 103.56 mph, or 166.66 km/h.
The next driver on the list, Fred Marriott, sped to 127.66 mph, or 205.44 km/h, in a steam powered vehicle.
Malcolm Campbell’s second of nine records was set on July 21, 1925, when he reached a top speed of 150.86 mph, or 242.79 km/h.
Henry Segrave got up to 203.79 mph, or 327.97 km/h on March 29, 1927, and then on March 11, 1929, he achieved 231.56 mph, or 372.66 km/h.
Malcolm Campbell was back in the record books on February 24, 1932, with his second of five consecutive records and 253.96 mph, or 408.71 km/h.
It was Campbell again, on March 7, 1935, with his fourth of the five, and the last record set on a beach. He reached 276.71 mph, or 445.32 km/h.
George E.T. Eyston got 312 mph, or 502.11 km/h on November 19, 1937.
The next record on the trio’s list didn’t occur until October 5, 1964, when Tom Green travelled at 415.093 mph, or 668.027 km/h.
Just ten days later, on October 15, 1964, Craig Breedlove, upped the ante to 526.277 mph, or 846.861 km/h.
On November 2, 1965, the same man increased his speed to 555.485 mph, or 893.966 km/h.
Gary Gabelich reached 630.389 mph, or 1014.52 km/h, for the first record over 1000 km/h, on October 23, 1970. A record that stood for thirteen years, when Richard Noble ‘Thrusted’ to 633.468 mph, or 1019.47 km/h, which remained the fastest, for almost fourteen years, before Andy Green, on September 25, 1997, achieved the first supersonic record in the category.

Everyone wanted to see the doors open, but none of them felt confident enough to take the handset. This clue and its solution had certainly knocked the wind out of their sails more emphatically than any that had preceded it.
Eventually, Jason took a deep breath, and reluctantly reached for the device.
The first combination he entered had the desired effect, but his head was so full of numbers; dates, miles per hour, kilometres per hour, the seventeen doors for this clue, and the thirty three that remained, that his body physically trembled, as he struggled to press the keys in the correct order.
Complete silence accompanied the entire process, and even when the seventeenth and final door had slammed shut behind a grateful looking, but subdued Charles, the three challengers barely raised a smile.
Emotions had been stretched to the limit, as hours of viewing TV, without a tangible result, had severely tested their patience. Now no-one even dared to speak, for fear of upsetting one or more of his colleagues.
If the real purpose of this challenge had been to test the emotional thresholds of the challengers, it had achieved its aim to great effect. Even Jason, no longer felt inclined to refer to it as a ‘mission’. He was feeling severely challenged by the experience.
No-one noticed, or even cared at this point, that the scoreboard now stood at 39160000.
They vacated the loft, without comment, although it was still only early evening; acknowledging an unspoken agreement they’d made, to postpone any attempts at the following clue until they’d all rested, and were ready to face the next masochistic instalment of the challenge.
Bob wanted to vent his frustration on something. The unlocking of seventeen doors, proved no consolation to him, as he wondered how long it would take to solve the clues that remained. He sat on the floor of his bedroom, and began performing sit-ups, in an attempt to alleviate some of the tension that had built up inside him.
Kevin lay on his bed, staring at the ceiling and wondering, not for the first time, what he had got himself into. Despite the progress they had made, he was seriously considering telling the others that he’d had enough, and wanted to leave. At the same time, he believed that this would not only be letting the side down, but would be the coward’s way out. He’d spent most of his life taking the safe route, avoiding controversy, and averting confrontation. But he’d never been accused of letting anyone down, and felt this was not the appropriate time to start.
Jason tried to convince himself that things would balance out; analysing their progress thus far, and their individual contributions. On the one hand, they had just completed five tedious and traumatic days of intense concentration; on the other, they were within thirty three doors of successfully completing the challenge. But he was feeling vulnerable, and hoped that this test of endurance would prove a worthwhile exercise.

16. Popular Jargon


Whatever conclusions had been drawn overnight by the three challengers, had the effect of provoking a much more accommodating reaction to the clue that faced them the following morning.
Tension, apprehension and frustration, had been replaced by an attitude of solidarity, as they deliberated over the televised words that greeted them.


STAGE 9

CLUE KM 3.1

CONVENIENCE IN STORE PLUS
AN OPEN-DOOR POLICY RESULTS IN…?

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                       }

TO REVEAL BONUS CLUES


“I think we’re looking for two separate numbers that form one bigger number for the combination. It’s that word ‘plus’; it makes me think of a sum,” Bob interpreted.
“So a number you’d associate with ‘convenience in store’, plus a number you’d associate with ‘open-door policy’, you mean?” asked Jason.
“Exactly,” confirmed Bob.
An hour ticked by slowly, before another word was spoken.
“If you say ‘my door is always open’, that’s an ‘open-door policy’. I know no-one ever means it literally, but it implies around the clock availability, twenty four hours a day, seven days a week; twenty four, seven,” reasoned Kevin.
“Good, great, Kev; two four seven. We’ll work with that, while we try to come up with a number for ‘convenience in store’. Any ideas?” Bob had set himself up as adjudicator.
“I suppose ‘convenience in store’ is another way of saying ‘convenience store’. Does that suggest any numbers to anyone?” asked Jason.
“The American ‘open all hours’ store, Seven Eleven, immediately springs to mind. You could have just cracked it, Jason. Most convenience stores are open twenty four seven these days, so there’s a definite link.” Bob delivered his verdict.
“Seven, eleven plus twenty four, seven; seven, one, one, plus two, four, seven, equals nine, five, eight. Do you think that’s the answer?” Jason’s uncertainty was a result of the speed at which they’d solved the clue.
Bob didn’t need to say anything more, as he passed the handset to a very hesitant Jason.
He delayed just a little longer, turning alternately, towards the stone-faced Bob and the excited nods from Kevin, before shrugging his shoulders, and keying the digits 9-5-8.
On screen, Charles stood up, as the next door swung open; a wide smile lighting his face.
The score had reached 40050000.
“What a difference a day makes. We got that one easy enough, and this next one looks pretty straight-forward.” Kevin voiced the relief all of them were feeling.


STAGE 9

BONUS CLUES KM 2.1, 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5, 1.6, 1.7, 1.8,
1.9, 1.10, 1.11, 2.11, 3.11, 4.11, 5.11, 6.11, 7.11, 8.11

FOR WHAT IT’S WORTH

THE FOLLOWING ARE ALL COMMON USAGES, OR TRADITIONAL SLANG TERMS FOR SUMS OF MONEY.
BUT WHAT IS EACH VALUE? 
THEY MAY BE POUNDS, SHILLINGS, OR PENCE, 
BUT ONLY THE NUMERICAL VALUE IS REQUIRED


ARCHER

TANNER

A PAIR OF GREEN KNICKERS

GROAT

MONKEY

TREY

RHINO

BAG OF SAND

LOAF

MACARONI

COMMODORE

GARDEN

JOB

TOM

MARIGOLD

BAR

KIBOSH

FLAG

PLUM


“Yeah, it still leaves us with a bit of work to do, but I know some of these, without checking. Let’s see, ‘bag of sand’ is a grand; one thousand pounds. A ‘monkey’ is five hundred pounds; don’t ask me why, but it is. And a ‘tanner’ is the old sixpence. Any of you know ‘old money’ terms?” Bob started the elimination process.
“I’m not too sure what you mean by ‘old money’, but I know a couple more of these,” revealed Jason. “A ‘pair of green knickers’ is two pounds. One pound is a ‘nicker’ or ‘knicker’, with a ‘k’, and the old pound note was green, so a pair is two pounds. Also, ‘macaroni’ is Cockney rhyming slang for ‘pony’, which is twenty five pounds. I know all that from some of the games, that I thought were stupid back then, played by the lads at work, during their tea breaks.”
Kevin was quick to enter the exchange of knowledge.
“I’ll match you Jason, while we’re on the subject of Cockney rhyming slang. I can add eight pounds for ‘garden’; garden gate, eight. ‘Tom’, is six pounds; Tom Mix, six. And you’ll appreciate the humour, or the subtlety of this one. A ‘commodore’ is fifteen pounds; here’s why. A five pound note is more commonly known as a fiver, isn’t it?. In Cockney rhyming slang, however, a fiver is a ‘lady’, after Lady Godiva. Now, when I was a very small kid, there was a pop song called ‘Three Times A Lady’; three times five is fifteen. But have a guess at the name of the group that sang it; it’s dead clever… No? Alright, I’ll tell you; The Commodores.”
“Straight up?” asked Jason.
“As I live and breathe,” assured Kevin.
“That’s an excellent piece of word-play,” judged Bob, “but I’m afraid it’s back to the library for the rest of them.”
The usual mix of books began piling up on the coffee table, as the day progressed. 
By late afternoon, these books had provided them with three more values, to add to the eight they already knew.
‘Trey’, they discovered, was a corruption of the French word ‘trois’, and was used in reference to three pounds. ‘Groat’ was not, in fact, a slang word, but was the official term for an old silver coin worth fourpence.
The term ‘kibosh’ referred to the slang word for a prison sentence of eighteen months duration, and had been borrowed in reference to eighteen old pence, or one shilling and sixpence.
The three challengers had to admit that it had been a very productive day. One door opened, and they’d broken the back of the nineteen part bonus. They could go to bed satisfied with the knowledge that tomorrow would see them all rise in confident mood.

“Eight to get, or thirty one, depending on your point of view” Kevin reminded, after breakfast.
The prospect of researching the remaining words didn’t seem such a daunting one as it may have appeared, a couple of days ago. Following their successes of the previous day, the trio believed anything was possible.
They returned to the sources that had proved so useful yesterday, but soon realised that the dictionaries, and books containing word association definitions that were available to them, didn’t contain such an extensive coverage of slang, or common usages, as they required. Their search would have to involve a much wider source of materials, in order to be effective.
It took until late morning, to achieve the first breakthrough of the day.
Reading from a book entitled ‘A Pony For Your Monkey’, Kevin was able to confirm the validity of most of the terms they’d already solved. He also discovered that slang words for money and values, were often used in traditional Children’s rhyme.
On one page, he found the explanation for the term ‘plum’.
“It might sound daft, but in the kids verse ‘Little Jack Horner’, when it says ‘He put in his thumb and pulled out a plum’, it’s actually a kind of metaphorical reference to money. It doesn’t explain why, but the value of a ‘plum’ is one hundred thousand pounds.
I’m going to see if this book covers any others we haven’t already got.”
Kevin was able to come up with one further value, before the book, as well as the day ended.
“There’s reference here to an obscure verse about French bread. French loaf, often shortened to just ‘loaf’, was a corruption derived from the word ‘rofe’, which was actually back-slang for the word, or number, four. I don’t really see it, but ‘loaf’ is four pounds.
By the way; it points out that a lot of the terms we now use for pounds, originally referred to pence, but as more money became available, the smaller amounts became obsolete. That’s inflation for you! It makes no difference though; we only need the amount. Pounds, shillings, pence or whatever are basically irrelevant”
By the end of the day, they had thirteen of the nineteen they needed. Both Jason and Bob had honestly thought that they’d sail through solving the rest of this clue. However, they didn’t allow themselves to become too despondent. There were only six more values to find. Tomorrow they’d see them off, and show Kevin he didn’t hold the monopoly on this one.

It took them the entire next day, but their determination to succeed paid off. Perhaps it was the memory of the sense of futility they had all felt, as a result of gluing themselves to the TV for so many hours, in search of the land speed records. Perhaps it was the fascination they all held for discovering the origins of, as well as the values, of the words relating to money.
 Whatever; they all approached the day with a common sense of purpose.
The individual solutions came at approximately two-hourly intervals. The origins of the words were based on a mixture of corruptions of language, traditional practices, straight-forward comedy, and blatant satire. There were some though, for which the origins were unclear, and only educated guesswork from whoever had compiled the relevant publication, was available as an explanation.
They laughed at the mildly amusing though essentially cruel explanation of the term ‘Archer’; value, two thousand pounds. Apparently, this was based on the scandal caused by the trial of the novelist, Jeffrey Archer, in which, it was alleged, he’d bribed a call-girl, for two thousand pounds.
The term ‘Marigold’, perhaps originally ‘Mary gold’, seems to have been inspired by the intricate, gilt-framed stained glass windows, depicting the Virgin Mary, and displayed in churches across the country. It was common belief that these were items of great monetary worth. Later the term ‘Marigold’ came into usage as meaning one million pounds.
‘Rhino’, it was suggested, had been a slang word for money in general, possibly in reference to the illegal aphrodisiac trade. Often spelt ‘rino’ or ‘ryno’, it came, in time, to represent the value, two hundred and fifty pounds.
‘Bar’ was derived from the process of casting precious metals in bars, and the practice of using iron bars as payment, in early trade with Africa. It was unclear how it came to be used in reference to the sum of one pound.
‘Flag’ had started life as a descriptive reference to banknotes in general, but had evolved as a term with particular reference to the five pound note.
The final word ‘job’ came from the Early English word ‘jobbe’, meaning piece or lump, which developed into the word ‘job’. This word was used not only in reference to actual work, but also to payment for services, with particular relevance to the amount; one guinea, which is twenty one shillings, or one pound and five pence, in modern currency.
Kevin happily accepted the handset, and tapped in the numbers. The first, 2-0-0-0, was followed by 6, 2, 4, 5-0-0, 3, 2-5-0, 1-0-0-0, 4, 2-5, 1-5, 8, 2-1, 6, 1-0-0-0-0-0-0, 1, 1-8, 5, and finally came 1-0-0-0-0-0.
Nineteen doors consecutively opened and closed as Charles passed through. His smile grew wider as he continued his progress.
The smiles on the faces of the challengers gave way to laughter and expressions of jubilation, as they witnessed the event.
The score increased rapidly, and by the time the numbers came to rest, the figure displayed, stood at 58860000.
They had delayed bedtime two or three hours longer, in order to complete this clue, than had been their habit for those that had preceded it. But if Jason no longer referred to the challenge as a whole, as a ‘mission’, he had certainly made it his mission to see the back of this nineteen part poser.
They may have been guilty in the past, he thought, of committing tactical errors that slowed them down, but in hindsight, he reasoned, this had been due largely to both the unpredictable nature of the clues, and the limited resources available to them.
It was rather like searching for a needle, or needles, in a haystack. The two major differences though, were that, in the first place, it was necessary to identify that it was in fact a needle they sought. The second was that once this had been established, it was merely a case of finding it.
His train of thought was interrupted, distracted by the thought of the word ‘merely’. For sure, the metaphorical needle existed and it definitely was somewhere in the metaphorical haystack, but merely finding it was a naïve over-simplification of the processes involved.
He decided to abandon his confusing attempt to compare and contrast the challenge with anything even vaguely familiar, submitting to physical and mental fatigue, and falling into a deep and welcome sleep.

17. Perspectives


STAGE 10

CLUE KM 9.11

CBH IOW DEALS LSD 4 IT 2 OAP 4 Y2K. OH LA LA!

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                       }

TO PROCEED TO NEXT INDIVIDUAL CLUE


The clue left the three challengers scratching their heads, and puzzling over the possibilities of what it could mean.
Kevin, who was just as confused as Bob and Jason, eventually managed,
“CBH must be Charles B. Hatton, but his name and LSD, in the same sentence just doesn’t make sense.”
Jason tried to tackle the clue logically.
“OK, putting LSD aside, we can say CBH is Charles B. Hatton… And the numbers, four, two and four, mean respectively, ‘for’, ‘to’, and ‘for’ again… IT stands for Information Technology… OAP means ‘old aged pensioners’… And Y2K is the year two thousand, or the Millennium.”
“Charles B. Hatton deals ‘LSD’ for Information Technology to old aged pensioners for the Millennium. It still doesn’t make a lot of sense,” complained Kevin.
“If I could just make a suggestion,” cut in Bob. “LSD can also mean ‘pounds, shillings and pence’. It’s what my old grandmother used to call money, years ago. I was shocked the first time I heard her say it, but she explained to me that ‘L’ is the pound sign, ‘S’ is obviously shillings and ‘D’ was for pence. The old penny used to be called ‘one d’, before decimalisation.”
“So, Charles gives cash for computers, to pensioners, for the millennium; a kind of ‘Maundy Money’ with a difference?” Kevin queried.
“Possibly; something like that,” Bob agreed uncertainly.
“And IOW,” Kevin persisted, “stands for the Isle of Wight?”
“We’ll have to assume that, for now,” nodded Bob, hesitantly.
“But what about ‘oh la la’, what’s all that about?” asked Jason.
“I don’t know, it’s what the French say; an expression of surprise.
For now, we’ll have to go with our interpretation, and look for any references to Hatton, handing out money to pensioners on the Isle of Wight, for the Millennium. If we do find anything, it should enlighten us on the ‘IT’ and ‘oh la la’ parts. It’s all we’ve got, unless we can come up with anything else between us.” Bob was keen to get the search underway, believing that the bookshelves would hold the information that would cause them either to eliminate certain assumptions, or gain further clarification.
Jason calculated that the time of the Millennium must have coincided, approximately, with Charles’ disappearance from public life, and that this must have been one of his last public activities. So why didn’t Bob, the biographer, know anything about it? He didn’t want to make waves; after all, it could have been an anonymous gift, a parting gesture that had only been credited to Charles at a later date.
The coffee table began to fill once more, with newspapers, magazines and books. This time, the challengers had tried to filter out, for special attention, publications that may contain references to Charles, the Isle of Wight, the Millennium, and France.
In an attempt to keep the search as comprehensive as possible, Kevin rooted through the CD’s and DVD’s to check for any broadcast record relating to the event.
Bob was able to eliminate the newspapers and magazines by lunch time, as none of them dated back far enough, or contained any retrospective articles pertaining to theMillennium. He’d spent all that time, and a good deal of his patience getting nowhere. He folded up the last of the envelopes, and threw it to the floor in disappointment as he declared,
“That’s it for me; I’m going to bed before I crack up!”
Kevin and Jason sympathised with him, and as their day had proved equally fruitless, they decided they’d both had enough as well.

Familiarity with this recurring theme of uselessness had certainly bred an intense contempt for it.
In a hopeful, rather than confident, attempt to diffuse the atmosphere of futility that had, once again, descended upon them, threatening to destroy their collective will to continue, Jason announced, at breakfast,
“Today I’m going to kill this one off! We’ve looked in all the obvious places; the answer must be hiding in a more unlikely location.”
Unsure of the scope of the phrase ‘more unlikely’, Jason commenced his private quest for the unexpected, in a display cabinet that was home to a selection of the awards, trophies and certificates Charles had collected, in recognition of some of his achievements. Each of the items bore an inscription recording the date of its presentation.
Jason’s curiosity was aroused by a wooden sculpture that took the form of a scaled down antique writing desk, complete with feather quills and inkwells. On closer inspection, he discovered that the desk contained a hinged lid that could be opened.
Inside the miniature replica, was just enough room to hold the half-dozen newspaper cuttings it housed. Jason made a grab for the fragile extracts, and started to read His feeling of nervous excitement intensified, as the significance of his discovery dawned on him.
The first words he noticed were ‘Millennium Countdown’, below which was printed a short article.

As the Millennium draws to a close, the local community prepares to treat a hundred of its senior citizens to a stylish celebration in France.
The lucky pensioners will fly to Paris on December 30, all thanks to an ingenious scheme, hatched by an anonymous local businessman.
The people of Berkshire have long been accustomed to separating their waste paper and glass from their standard household rubbish, for the purposes of recycling.
In the ‘Lo-tech Trash Ban’, as it has been dubbed, special containers, exclusively for discarded computer hardware, mobile telephones and games consoles will stand alongside their conventional waste receptacles.
The as yet, unnamed businessman, has promised to donate cash sums, for each item collected, to a fund he has set up, that will take the old timers, on their all expenses paid, luxury trip to celebrate the start of the  new Millennium.

Among the reports that made up the balance of the yellowing documents, was an account of the outing, with the headline ‘Party In Paris’, and another, announcing ‘Lo-Tech Trash Ban tops £250K’.
Jason was barely able to contain his sudden surge of excitement as he called out,
“I told you I’d find it!”
Bob and Kevin rushed over to him, positioning themselves at either shoulder, in order to see what all the fuss was about.
The news items were passed from hand to hand while their content was digested by the challengers.
“So Charles donated the cash from his own fund, in return for old computers and other hardware, so that a group of pensioners could see in the millennium in Paris. Oh la la! That’s a good story,” exclaimed Kevin.
But there isn’t any reference to Hatton,” argued Bob. “Everything else fits perfectly, we even have the combination number, theoretically, but we have to connect it to Hatton, or come up with another explanation for ‘CBH’, in order to prove the combination.”
“Or just take a guess that it’s right,” joked Jason, before taking up a more serious tone. “It’s a subtle one, but ‘CBH IOW’ is Charles B. Hatton in other words; forget the Isle of Wight. See what the project was called; ‘Lo-Tech Trash Ban’. He only wanted items of modern technology, which, incidentally, he re-cycled and donated to schools; but ‘Lo-Tech Trash Ban’ is yet another anagram. Have a guess what that makes ‘in other words’. I’ll give you a clue; CBH”
“Charles B. Hatton!” Bob and Kevin shouted their synchronised response.
Bob won the race to the coffee table and the handset. He quickly tapped in 2-5-7-1-8-9, the amount in Pounds, collected for the charitable venture.
Charles stood and walked, stopping momentarily to turn his head and deliver a nod of appreciative gratitude, before taking up position in the adjoining cell.
The scoreboard climbed to 59950000

Bob and Jason had become distracted over lunch, talking about relationships. Bob was still smarting from his last experience with the opposite sex, and admitted he’d not bothered looking for a replacement since he’d arrived back in England.
“I’ve taken a vow of chastity; it’s frustrating for sure sometimes, but a whole lot less trouble. What about yourself, Jason? Surely a handsome, young fellow like you has plenty of pretty girls waiting in the wings.”
“Well, Bob, I suppose you’ve hit the nail on the head. I’m young; there’s plenty of time for that sort of thing. To be honest, girlfriends are not exactly my number one priority. The love of my life, at the moment, is football, and there’s always only ever been one team that plays it properly; Liverpool. I don’t see us splitting up any time soon. Besides, right now I don’t have anything to offer anyone thinking of settling down with me, apart from my body, of course.”
Bob almost choked on his sandwich.
“Er, yeah; of course. You know I thought you were being serious just for a second there, Jason. But you must have had your fair share of the other.”
“Off and on, I’ve had my moments, for sure, but I won’t lie to you Bob. I’m no Casanova; not like some people will claim.”
“I know exactly what you mean, Jason. I’ve heard all sorts of stories from friends about ‘girlfriends’ they only ever wished they’d had.”
“I don’t doubt it, Bob, but I bet you never heard anything like this one.
There was this guy, Paul, I used to work with. What he hadn’t done and to whom, was nobody’s business. A real dreamer, he was; I personally doubt whether he ever even had a girlfriend. The stories he used to come up with just didn’t ring true, if you know what I mean, Bob.”
“I do indeed, Jason.”
“At work, he’d only hung up a picture on the wall, beside his desk. It was a photograph of Miss World, apparently, cut out from a glossy magazine. Above it, he’d inscribed, in red marker pen, the legend, ‘My Next Girlfriend!!!’, and told everyone he was in regular e-mail contact with her.
This triggered a bout of practical jokes, especially from the less sensitive guys in the office. They were a cynical bunch.
One of them; I never did find out who, had dropped his trousers and sat on the photocopier, producing a picture of a huge pair of hairy buttocks. He framed it and scribbled above it, again in red marker, ‘My Current girlfriend’.
Paul was a bit upset at first, but he soon got used to the idea that the other guys were just having a laugh on him. He put it down to immaturity, and he’d tell everyone that antics such as this are only brought on by jealousy, ‘because none of you lot can attract the type of women I can’.
The jokes continued, however; and talk about a red rag to a bull. One day someone had picked up one of those American pulp tabloids; you know the kind I mean. He’d cut out a photograph, of a naked woman… allegedly… who claimed to have lost two hundred pounds, in three months. The stretched skin that had resulted from her ‘diet’, hung in enormous, grotesque folds, all over her body, so as to render the gender of this ‘person’, impossible to determine.
He’d pasted it up, beside Miss World and the buttocks, and scrawled on it, ‘My Last Girlfriend’.
This time though, Paul took it all in good heart, perhaps hoping that if he feigned disinterest, it would cause the jokes to cease. He allowed the photographs to remain, stating that, although his last girlfriend was, in fact, also a super model, this was exactly the image that sprang to mind, whenever he thought about her now.
But, inevitably more jokes followed. Often, when Paul arrived for work, in the morning, he would be greeted by messages on his desk, from ‘secret admirers’. Greetings cards, flowers, and photographs of scantily clad women in provocative poses, would often accompany these messages.
By now, Paul was just loving all the attention he was receiving, even though he knew none of it was for real; just another practical joke played on him by his workmates. And naturally, the other guys in the office were loving it too. But, in an odd kind of way, Paul actually thrived on the ‘popularity’. It really had the effect of bringing this sad individual out of his shell.”
At this point Bob gave Jason an odd look and asked, poker faced, 
“This guy; it wasn’t you… was it?”
Jason returned the odd look. “Do I honestly look like the type of guy who dates super models?”
The two of them fell about laughing. Bob had to concede the point.
“You’ve got a very strong case for your defence there, mate.”
It was the first time since they’d met that Jason had shared any reminiscences about his past. He was aware of this, and had been waiting for an appropriate opportunity to do so. Both Bob and Kevin had revealed incidents about events that had taken place in their lives, but all they new so far about Jason was what he’d told them about his connection with Charles.
In covering this story, Jason had also informed Bob about his line of work; how he’d started, his progress to management and his battle of personalities with the Managing Director, and his subsequent redundancy.
Bob was grateful for the chance to get to know Jason a little better. Jason was glad of the relief of having something to talk about other than the challenge.

18. Fit For A King


After lunch, it was back to the more serious business of solving the next clue, which was awaiting their return.


STAGE 11

CLUE KM 10.11

FOR THE OCCASION, IT STARTED AT WINDSOR CASTLE AND FIISHED AT THE ROYAL BOX.
IT CONTINUES TO THIS DAY AND HAS BECOME 
THE OFFICIAL DISTANCE IN THE LONG RUN.

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                       }

TO PROCEED TO NEXT INDIVIDUAL CLUE


“Windsor Castle, the Royal Box; it must involve the queen, or perhaps it was a king ‘for the occasion’; it suggests the passage of time,” Bob reasoned.
“A Royal occasion, like a coronation, a king or queen’s birthday, or an addition to the family,” added Kevin.
“But Windsor Castle and the Royal Box? I think Buckingham Palace or Westminster Cathedral would be more appropriate to any of those occasions. Besides, the Royal Box usually applies to an event where members of the Royal Family are in attendance, not participating,” argued Jason.
They took some time to ponder this remark.
“I tend to agree with Jason,” said Bob at last. “I think we’re looking for a one-off occasion that became a popular event, rather than say, an annual sporting fixture, like the FA cup. Anyway, what would start at Windsor Castle and also finish in front of Royalty?”
“I don’t know, but it’s talking about distance over a period of time; some kind of endurance test, perhaps,” Kevin guessed.
They tried to imagine any feat of endurance that might attract Royalty. Argument and analysis continued, backed up with quotations from, and references to, the small amount of printed material on the subject of Royal occasions they were able to find on the bookshelves.
A military exercise involving some form of competition, rather than boasting combative supremacy, was among the topics of discussion they entertained. Nothing they could think of suggested any links with Windsor Castle or the Royal Box; at least not in the same context.
The doubts about their ability to continue returned for a brief visit, until Kevin, contrary even to his own character assessment, simply said,
“Don’t worry, it’ll come.”
The other two, interpreting this as their cue to end the day’s session, acknowledged Kevin’s comment with wry smiles.
“OK Kev,” said Bob. “Tomorrow is another day, and contrary to popular belief, it always comes; all the quicker, in fact, when you’re least prepared to cope with the inevitable problems it brings with it.”

At breakfast, the general attitude of defeat was still very much in evidence, with no-one able to offer any thoughts on where or how to continue their hunt for the solution that had eluded them so effectively.
They remained seated long after emptying their plates; each of them reluctant to be the first to leave the kitchen.
Eventually, Kevin stood up, and beat his fist on the table.
“What’s got into us today?” he demanded. “We could sit here the whole day, getting nowhere, but sooner or later, we have to reach a decision; carry on, or give up. Well I’ve already had that debate with myself, and ‘carry on’ won hands down. I’m going up to the loft to complete this marathon.”
Bob jumped out of his seat, and grabbed Kevin by the arm, causing the younger man to cower, in anticipation of receiving a blow from Bob’s free hand.
“Say that again,” urged Bob.
“What, I’m going back to the loft?”
“No, the other bit.”
“To complete this marathon,” repeated Kevin.
Bob’s grip on Kevin’s arm felt less hostile, as Kevin realised he was facing a man with a silly grin attached to his face.
“Don’t you see?” pressed Bob. “You said ‘marathon’; the clue says ‘the long run’. It’s the same thing. That’s the ‘official distance’ we’re looking for. Find out how far you have to run, in order to complete a marathon; find some link between the marathon and the Royal references, and we’re on to the next clue.”
Kevin was furiously nodding his agreement, so that Bob would let go of his arm. Jason was far from convinced.
“Your reasoning sounds passable, relating ‘distance in the long run’ to the marathon, but the marathon is an ancient Greek event; part of the original Olympics. Even the modern Olympics started in Athens, not London.”
“I know, Jason, but that’s the whole point; they used to race on grass, jump over fixed objects, and throw rocks and spears. The whole thing is still evolving, with hi-tech equipment, state-of-the-art training, and improved health and fitness methods. It didn’t start and finish in Athens. Think about it; that was the nineteenth century, almost as ancient to us, now, as ancient Greece was to everybody, back then.”
“When you can prove it, I’ll believe it,” said Jason. “Until then, I’ll help you find what you’re after, but under protest. It’s all too much of a coincidence for me; Kevin saying ‘marathon’ and that possibly being the answer. If you ask me…”
Jason shut his mouth abruptly, realising he too was reacting uncharacteristically. He held is hands up in a gesture of apology that was both understood and accepted by Bob and Kevin.
The words ‘nothing to lose’ came back to Jason, to remind him of the attitude that had prevailed when they’d originally accepted the challenge. In addition to this, he realised that good fortune, as well as coincidence, had both played an active role in ensuring they’d made this much progress.
Now that they realised, or believed, they were looking for information on the Marathon, and possibly it’s association with the Olympics, they were able to be more specific in the research materials they examined. They all knew that the Olympics had been previously held in London, but were unsure of quite when, or, more importantly, whether the distance from Windsor Castle to the Royal Box at Wembley stadium, or perhaps another stadium in the London area, would measure the appropriate span… whatever that may be. Bob had stated that it was a little over twenty six miles, but exactly how much further, he wouldn’t like to guess.
Once more they found themselves in the highly irritating situation of being so close to success they could almost smell its sweet breath, yet, at the same time, being just as close to the unwelcome stench of failure.

It was Kevin who found ‘A History of the Modern Olympics’, and with it, the official distance of the Marathon.
The Olympics were held at White City stadium in 1908. The Marathon was run on a course that began at Windsor Castle, and the finish line was directly in front of the Royal Box. His Majesty, King Edward the seventh was in attendance, at least for the start. The distance was twenty six miles, three hundred and eighty five yards. This was so that that King Edward and Queen Alexandra could view the start of the race, and has become the official distance for all marathons run ever since.
“Well, Jason, Bob was right. What do you say to that?”
“Seeing is believing. I’m sorry Bob, it’s just that…”
“Apology accepted, though far from necessary.
The idea came to me, just like that, and it was purely a case of striking while the iron was still hot,” interrupted Bob.
“Thanks Bob,” said Jason, sheepishly, “and thank you, Kev. We live to fight another day.”
Kevin took the remote control from Bob’s proffered hand, and pressed the keys, 2-6-3-8-5. The steel door opened, prompting Charles to take the few short paces out of his current home, and into the equally uncomfortable surroundings of yet another cell.
The scoreboard had reached 61050000.

19. Tom Foolery


STAGE 12

CLUE KM 11.11

EASTERN EUROPEAN JEWELLERS?

FOUR POLES MAKE A CHAIN WITH 100 LINKS FOR GUNTER. HOW LONG IN INCHES IS THE CHAIN?

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                       }

TO PROCEED TO NEXT INDIVIDUAL CLUE


The challengers guessed correctly that a chain with one hundred links, made for Gunter, by four Poles, did not refer to an item of jewellery.
“I think the inclusion of the question mark tells us that much,” deduced Bob.
“So let’s assume that the key words in the first sentence are the ones that will reveal what the clue is really asking. A simple check in the dictionary should give us alternative definitions for ‘pole’, ‘chain’ and ‘link’. I can think of one or two myself, but whether they’re any help or not, only time will tell.” Jason was back to his organised self.
“But it asks ‘how long is the chain’, so it could be a conventional chain,” argued Kevin.
“Look it up anyway,” said Jason. “There could be dozens of possibilities, if each word has several alternative meanings.”
Kevin had no need to argue with Jason’s straight-forward logic, and headed in the direction of the bookshelves.
In order to achieve a quick kill, or perhaps just to save time in the event he’d been barking up the wrong tree, Jason had assigned each of them just one objective; to look up one specific word.
Bob’s word was ‘pole’, Kevin’s, ‘chain’, which had accounted for his argumentative outburst, and Jason had assigned himself the word ‘link’. Whether or not ‘Gunter’ was a name, could wait until they’d completed, or abandoned, the first part of the exercise.
Bob had been the first to settle down and relax, with the bulkiest dictionary he could find. He quickly located the letter ‘p’, and shortly afterwards, the word ‘pole’. A pencil was slotted behind his ear, in case he needed to make notes. What he discovered caused him to grab the pencil and scribble, furiously, onto a sheet of notepaper. Apart from the more obvious definitions, of which he was already aware, ‘a perpendicular length, or tube of wood, steel, plastic, etc’, ‘an eastern European native of Poland’, he found that ‘pole’ was also a unit of measurement.
The dictionary informed him to ‘see also rod, perch’, and went on to explain that a ‘pole’ was ‘one fourth of a chain’, and that there were eighty chains in a mile.
Jason had positioned himself as far away from the others as possible, in a corner of the loft, facing the angle formed by the two intersecting walls. His dictionary, a good deal slimmer than that of Bob, was equally informative. A ‘link’, he learned, had more than just one relationship with a chain. As a unit of measurement, a ‘chain consists of, or is equivalent to, one hundred ‘links’. Just as Bob had done, Jason wrote this piece of information onto a sheet of notepaper, and just as Bob had done, he remained quiet, preferring to compare notes with the others, once they’d all exhausted their search.
Kevin, not only discovered alternative meanings, or usages, of the word ‘chain’, he also obtained the actual measurement, in yards and feet. As he made his own notes, he converted this distance into inches, and sat in silence, waiting for Bob and Jason. In the meantime, he read over the definition, several times, just to make sure he’d not misunderstood anything.
A ‘chain’, he was reminded,, is a unit of measurement, equivalent to four ‘rods’, ‘poles’, or ‘perches’. Eighty chains equals one mile.
It was at this point, during his second review of the definition, that he noticed the word that had somehow escaped his earlier attention. He looked again and read, ‘Gunter’s chain measures twenty two yards, or sixty six feet’. He found it difficult to believe that the entire solution to the clue was contained in a single dictionary definition.
As the three challengers sat together, around the coffee table, Kevin displayed a rather apologetic expression.
“What’s up, Kev?” asked Bob.
“I think I’ve only gone and done it again, but let’s hear yours first. I don’t want to get my hopes all built up, just to be contradicted by something one of you two found.”
Bob and Jason took it in turns to explain their respective findings, knowing full well that what Kevin had said, had more or less confirmed what they already knew, or at least hoped.
When Kevin heard both men use the word ‘chain’, in reference to their assigned words, he knew there would be no contradicting his own findings.
“Come on, Kev,” coaxed Jason, unnecessarily, “surprise us.”
Kevin took a somewhat awkward pleasure in revealing to Bob and Jason that a ‘chain’ measured twenty two yards, or sixty six feet, which in inches, came to seven hundred and ninety two. Furthermore, the reference that confirmed the solution, beyond a shadow of a doubt, was the word, or name, ‘Gunter’. What Kevin had defined, was the measurement known as ‘Gunter’s chain’.
Bob snatched the handset from the coffee table, before anyone else could make a move.
“I’ve missed you; how long has it been? Two days?” He murmured gently as he cradled the device. Then he poked the numbers, 7-9-2, in a vicious series of strokes. “Don’t stay away so long in future,” he scolded.
Kevin and Jason watched in stunned silence as Bob performed his farce.

Even Charles seemed surprised by the speed at which they’d completed the clue, but he raised his clenched fist, in a gesture of motivation. As he passed through the open cell door, the scoreboard reached 62160000.
The afternoon was barely two hours old, and already two doors had been breached.
Jason mentally reprimanded himself. His attitude that morning had been that of a conceited, arrogant know it all, and as such, was inexcusable. The thing that intensified his embarrassment, at his lack of faith in the judgement of his colleagues, was the fact that here they all were, less than four hours later, celebrating not the success of the suggestion over which he’d poured scorn, but the solution of the subsequent clue.
The incident had been forgotten long ago, by Bob and Kevin, if indeed they had ever let it affect them at all, but it had been so unlike Jason to speak without first thinking. He had learned much about his fellow-challengers, Bob and Kevin, but had to admit that, despite his abundance of genuine self-confidence, there was still much he had to learn about himself. He could only put the incident down to the erratic nature of the challenge; one moment’s feeling of sheer elation, could turn into the very next moment’s feeling of manic depression.
More than that though, he felt; it no longer seemed to be merely a ‘mission’, ‘challenge’, or even just a complicated game, albeit with perhaps significant consequences, and even the ‘substantial rewards’ Charles had indicated. It had become something far more serious, perhaps explaining the mood swings, and erratic behaviour that were evident in all of them.
The challenge hadn’t exactly been designed to be a walk in the park, and like everything else, some aspects were more difficult than others. Some of the clues that had been a struggle for them to solve, might have appeared simple to another set of challengers. Likewise, things that they’d found less difficult, may have stumped another group. It may be structured into this format they’d come to know and love, and hate, but although it didn’t allow for trial and error, it was somehow symbolically representative of many of the challenges they’d had to face in life. This was why, Jason thought, they couldn’t give up. None of them, he was sure, would give up on life, just because things got a little complicated or confusing. If that had been the case, he was convinced, they’d all have been child-suicide cases.

20. Rhyme Or Reason?


As though to confirm Jason’s analysis, the next clue, when it appeared, consisted of only six words; a simple statement that clearly related to a theme that would trigger the solution to leap from the mouth of anyone who recognised the reference. For Bob, Kevin and Jason, however, it was as confoundingly complicated as any they’d faced.


STAGE 13

CLUE KM 11.10

STANDARD FORMAT FOR THE ‘PLAYFUL VERSE’.

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                       }

TO PROCEED TO NEXT INDIVIDUAL CLUE


“Well, I think we all know that ‘verse’ is another way of saying ‘poem’; a series of written lines that rhyme with each other,” Bob started.
“Not necessarily,” cut in Jason. “It doesn’t have to rhyme, just follow a certain set of rules that I don’t know too much about.”
Kevin tried to instil some logic into the thought process.
“The term ‘playful verse’ is obviously another name for a specific type of poem. Let’s see what we really do know about poetry, behind our ignorance. We should try to come up with as many different names, for types of poetry, as we can.”
As they all began to think about the subject, Kevin picked up a pencil, in order to compile a list they could later take to the dictionaries.
The afternoon and evening were spent in quiet concentration, with only the occasional contribution to the short list breaking the silence. By the time they’d all agreed to call it a night, the list consisted of just four items; ‘limerick’, ‘sonnet’, ‘Cockney rhyming slang’ and ‘nonsense verse’.
Tomorrow they would all feel refreshed and more able to dedicate their minds to the subject; at least that was the theory they all took to bed with them.

The first thing Kevin did was look up the four references in his dictionary. As expected, none of them answered the clue, but the exercise did prove useful in another sense. It gave the challengers a clearer indication of where to look, and what they were actually attempting to find.
“I guess we’re looking for a verse that contains a specific number of lines, words, syllables or beats,” he suggested.
“I think it’s called ‘meter’.” said Jason.
“What, you mean like say a song might have a four-four beat?” asked Kevin.
“Something like that, or it could be a part of a certain type of song or poem, even a specific song, poem, or whatever,” continued Jason.
Although they now held a tighter grasp on the concept of the clue, they were still no closer to discovering the specific style, or even title, to which the clue referred.
Jason cast his eye over the clue one more time, and shared his thoughts.
“It says ‘standard format’, which to me suggests a recognised style, rather than a specific poem or song.
If we begin with poetry, and gather all the information we have available, I’m sure we’ll come up with a lot more than we managed last night. Then, if necessary, it’s just a case of checking in the dictionary for full definitions.”
“Sounds like the best bet,” agreed Kevin. “Last night we tried to come up with a solution based on what turned out to be our own very limited knowledge. It seemed like a good enough idea at the time, but showed that between us, we didn’t really know anything at all. I know it’s a bind, reading through books all day, but right now, it’s our only real option.”
For the rest of the morning, they located, and studied several books dedicated to poetry. Most of these were no more than collections of verse, and some even categorised the styles employed by the poets, but none contained any kind of glossary, defining the various styles. However, more words were added to the list Kevin had been compiling, giving them at least something to show for their efforts. The list now included words they had failed to come up with the previous day, that were somewhat familiar to them, as well as terms for which they would require a dictionary definition. Among these words were, ‘ode’, ‘fable’, ‘melic verse’, ‘tanka’, ‘aubade’ and ‘haiku’.
These were the next six words on the list, and turned out to be all they required. The dictionary definition of ‘haiku’ told them precisely what they needed to know.
Food was the last thing on any of the challenger’s minds as lunch time approached, but appetites soon returned, once Bob had made public what he’d learnt.
The word we’ve been hunting is ‘haiku’. It’s a traditional style of Japanese verse, with a standard length of seventeen syllables, arranged in three groups, of five, seven and five syllables respectively. There are different types of haiku, dating back to it’s origins, but five, seven, five, is now the official standard format. So there’s our combination, but here’s the proof. Haiku is also known as the ‘playful verse’.”
The last thing that Bob had thought he’d ever allow himself to do, was study anything to do with poetry, or rules of verse, but exceptions, he reminded himself, could always be made for a good cause.
He lifted the handset from the coffee table and glanced towards Kevin and Jason for their approval, before entering the numbers, 5-7-5.
Charles walked through to the adjacent cell as the scoreboard settled to reveal 63280000 points.

21. Token Appreciation 


STAGE 14

CLUE KM 11.9

PRECIOUS OR OTHERWISE, THEY CAN
 PROVIDE PRECIOUS MEMORIES.

METALS:

IRON + COPPER + BRONZE + TIN + STEEL
+ SILVER + GOLD =

STONES:

PEARL + RUBY + SAPPHIRE + EMERALD
+ DIAMOND =

SIDE BY SIDE, THE TWO TOTALS PROVIDE ONE SOLUTION,
OFFERING A WAY FORWARD.

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION


{                       }


TO PROCEED TO NEXT INDIVIDUAL CLUE


Jason expressed his opinion as soon as he’d finished reading the clue.
“These are all items associated with jubilees or anniversaries; wedding anniversaries. That’s got to be what this clue is about.”
“Some of the more valuable items are easy to remember. Silver, ruby, gold and diamond are symbols for twenty five, forty, fifty and sixty years, respectively, but I haven’t got a clue what the rest mean,” Kevin contributed.
Bob helped him out.
“I think you’re right, Jason; you too, Kev. I do know that pearl is thirty, and emerald is fifty five. That covers the stones, apart from sapphire. What’s left?”
Kevin remained quiet as Jason replied.
“Iron, copper, bronze, tin and steel, in the metals; most of them, in fact. And of course, sapphire in the stones.
OK, we’ve got half of them already. Let’s just hope the more obscure ones can be found somewhere in all these books.”
Kevin spoke at last.
“I’m not a big fan of anniversaries, they mostly remind me of unhappy events, apart from birthday’s, of course; they’re always fun. But this has just reminded me that it’s the twenty fifth anniversary of my mother’s death, next year. Once I’ve visited her and paid my respects, I’m sure, that’ll certainly evoke some precious memories.”
With a touch of sympathy in his voice, Bob offered,
“OK, this shouldn’t take too long. We’ll do this one and call it a night. I reckon we could all do with a bit of private time, now and then.”
“Thanks Bob. Let’s do it,” replied Kevin.
Once again, it was a case of searching through all the reference books, to see if any light could be shed on the ‘anniversary’ theory.
By chance, one of the first books that Jason came across was a volume entitled ‘Those Special Days’. It was a collection of ideas and suggestions for those at a loose end during their leisure time, and was able to relate each day of the year to a special occasion, or excuse to hold a celebration. It contained a section about marriage, which included twenty four entries, for ‘named’ wedding anniversaries, from one to sixty years.
From this, Jason was able to determine that iron represented six years of marriage, copper, seven, bronze, eight, tin, ten and steel eleven. This gave the ‘metals’ section of the clue, a total value of one hundred and seventeen years.
Further down the list, he located sapphire, which is the symbolic reference to forty five years of marriage, completing the ‘stones’ section and making their tally, two hundred and thirty.
He wrote all this information on a sheet of paper, before inviting Bob and Kevin to inspect it.
Bob smiled his approval.
“That’s the one, Jason. We’ve got a hundred and seventeen and two hundred and thirty. That’s three hundred and forty seven. Or, rather, ‘side by side’, it’s more like one one seven, and two three zero. Whose turn is it on the keypad?”
“First one to grab it,” Jason answered.
There were smiles all round as the combination, 1-1-7-2-3-0 produced the desired effect, unlocking the cell door and sending the scoreboard to a new total of  64410000.
Relief for Kevin, especially, as he could now retire and be alone to concentrate on his own private thoughts.

22. Perfect Imperfect


STAGE 15

CLUE KM 11.8

A PERFECT NUMBER 
IS AN INTEGER WHICH IS THE SUM OF ITS
POSITIVE PROPER DIVSORS
BUT DOES NOT INCLUDE ITSELF.

FIND THE FIRST THREE PERFECT NUMBERS,
DETERMINE THEIR POSITIVE PROPER DIVISORS
AND PUNCH THESE INTO THE HANDSET,
IN ASCENDING ORDER, USING THE ‘MENU’ FUNCTION TO ACCESS THE CALCULATOR.

WHEN EACH INDIVIDUAL TOTAL IS REACHED,
PRESS OK TO ENTER THE ANSWERS
AND FORM YOUR COMBINATION.

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                       }

TO PROCEED TO NEXT INDIVIDUAL CLUE


Nobody had even looked at the screen, to see what this morning’s first clue was about. Bob and Jason were just settling into their places as Kevin entered the room. He hadn’t turned up at the breakfast table earlier, but the other two had just put that down to his need of a lie-in.
Instead of being fresh faced and raring to go, Kevin was looking decidedly worse for wear, and was still wearing his pyjamas and clutching a teddy bear.
“I’m sorry, guys. I’m feeling a bit under the weather, this morning. I didn’t sleep too well last night. It’s just this thing we’re doing here; it got me thinking. Reminded me of the times I used to spend as a kid, with my mum. Then I just wasn’t able to get Mum out of my head. I got all maudlin, and it played on my mind all night.
I’m not usually like that. The memories I carry around with me, of her, are all good ones.
But this place is clearly getting to me. I mean, we spend all day concentrating on the clues, and not much else. So, at night, just to change the subject as much as for any other reason, I explore my memories.
Last night, Mum came to me. She was such a wonderful woman; totally unpretentious, the kindest person you could hope to meet. And if ever anyone was in any sort of trouble, or needed help with anything; nothing was ever too much trouble for her.
The times I’ve spent struggling with one thing or another; too proud to ask for help from anybody else. If only Mum were still around, she’d be straight in there, sorting things out, before I even realised I had a problem. She was just one of those women. Then again, I suppose everyone feels something similar about their own mother.
The times we spent together, places we visited; even the people she knew. They were all so exciting, so much fun, and so happy. Nothing was ever bad. Nothing ever went wrong. Actually, I’m sure there were both bad and wrong things happening all the time, in reality. But, you know what it’s like, when you think back to your childhood. Everything was better than it ever gets any more. Summers lasted at least a year, and it was warm and sunny every day. Winters lasted just as long, and it never stopped snowing. Tell me, when was the last time you even saw snow? Near us, it hasn’t snowed for over two years, and that’s nothing new.
The thing that did it for me, last night though, was one particular memory. I can’t understand why it made me feel so sad. It was probably, definitely, just about the most incredible thing that ever happened to me, and of course, it was totally down to my mum.
I suppose that says it all though; about why it made me feel so wretched, I mean. Nothing like it is ever going to happen again. But, despite the sad feeling that over-indulgence in the memory, left with me, I feel so proud, so privileged, to have been able to experience it. No-one else I know has ever done anything like it.”
Bob was anxious to know what it was.
“What did you do, Kev?’
“When I was a kid, my mum used to look after a gang of us during the school holidays, while everyone else’s parents went to work. She used to sit us all down in a circle, on the living room floor, and we’d play this game. I was twelve or thirteen at the time, I suppose.
Mum would join in the circle, and start the ball rolling by standing up and introducing herself. The other kids couldn’t believe it; an adult telling them her first name. Not Mrs. Lake; Margaret. Just like any other friend. And that was exactly what she was, my friend; my best friend.
Mum would go on to describe a bit about herself; her likes and dislikes, and what she’d always dreamt about becoming as an adult, when she was a child. Then, each kid in turn had to stand up and do the same. All of a sudden, we had a roomful of astronauts, doctors and firemen, as Margaret… Mum… encouraged us to talk and become our wildest dreams.
I’d always been obsessed with ancient cultures, and had a particular interest in the Great Wall of China
That’s what I wanted to be, when I grew up; a historian or archaeologist. I’d seen all the programmes on TV, and had stacks of books and magazines about it. I thought I knew everything there was to know. So when it was my turn to stand up, I let it all out. I had those other kids enchanted for an hour or more.
Then, one day, Mum and I were watching TV. It was that programme, ‘A Week in the Life’, and at the end of it, they had a competition. It was one of those where you had to write in and tell them all the things you’d do, if you could achieve your lifetime’s ambition. The prize was an all expenses paid trip, to anywhere in the world, to ‘be’ your hero, or do your thing for one week.
Mum convinced me to enter, and I locked myself in my bedroom for hours, to set about the task. But for all the knowledge and bravado I’d displayed in front of the other kids, I couldn’t come up with a thing. I drew a complete blank.
I went crying to my mum, and asked her to help me. She just took out some writing paper, on which she’d already written the most wonderful story you could imagine. I copied it out and sent it in.
It was the winning entry, of course
A few weeks later, we were on our way. It was magical… the highlight of my childhood; my life. We spent the most amazing week ever, visiting China, viewing the Great Wall, from a helicopter and close up. We trekked for miles along it, but we couldn’t do it all; it’s far too long. Apparently, it’s the only man-made structure visible from space.
I didn’t even have a passport; still don’t. I had to be included on Mum’s as a dependent child, but I’ll tell you, I was never made to feel like a child while we were there. The Chinese experts were really respectful, and absolutely amazed at my depth of knowledge.
When we got home though, Mum found out she was sick, but she never let on to me about it; some kind of cancer. It finished her off in the space of just a few months.
When she died, my dreams died with her, and I ended up being a chef; a failed chef at that. I suppose I always knew that any more than that was too much to hope for, in real life.”
Bob reached his arm across Kevin’s shoulders.
“It’s a great story, Kev. You know, you’re so lucky to have such fantastic memories. I envy you.”
“Thanks for listening. I feel more prepared to face the day now.”
“You just have to remember, Kevin. Things will always seem to get worse, before they start to get better. My time in Cambodia taught me that much, as did my post-university experiences. I got over them both. Now, I feel things are only going to improve.”
“But don’t you have any regrets? Stop, start; up, down. It’s enough to turn the most optimistic guy into a manic depressive. I mean, everyone has their runs of good and bad luck, but surely, there’s a limit to what’s fair and what’s not.”
“Ain’t life a bitch? No, I know it’s not. That’s just an excuse for wasted opportunities and talents. Life is good, and I hope that this, in some ways, conveys the sentiment. If it doesn’t, then ignorance truly is bliss.
In answer to your question though; no, I have no regrets. After all, good and bad, right and wrong, fair and unfair; what’s the difference? It all only amounts to no more than an opinion, anyway. Even laws; they’re only a consensus of opinion on right and wrong, accepted or unacceptable behaviour. Even their interpretation is only opinion. Ask any criminal. If you believe something is wrong, illegal or bad, it’s only because someone else has told you so, in their opinion.
You do something because it’s the right thing to do. Why is it right? Because it’s what you believe; it’s your opinion, no doubt influenced by someone else’s opinion. Or you do something because it’s fashionable, another example of opinion. But here again, I was always brought up to follow the adage ‘If everyone’s doing it, it must be wrong’. Sometimes you just can’t do right for doing wrong.
Confusing? You bet it is!
No matter what you do or say, it will cause a reaction, intentionally or otherwise. So always be aware of that, and be prepared for it. What I always say, and I guess this is just another opinion, is, ‘as long as you can justify your actions; you have no cause to regret them.’ Although, depending on how far reaching the effects of them are, the debates on their merits will continue, despite your best defence, or perhaps, in spite of it.
So, should I regret what I believe is my own good nature, or the potential bad nature of others? Should I accept the ways of the world or attempt to change them? Would it be for my own benefit, or for the benefit of others? Who’s more important anyway?
It all boils down to nothing more than opinions; it’s all debateable.”
“Well, I suppose the correct response to that is just to listen, and archive it in my own mental filing system for future reference.”
“If only we were all so reasonable.”
“No comment.”

Kevin and Jason stared at the screen for several minutes, trying to make sense of the clue. They glanced in each others direction, before turning their attention to Bob, who was already making notes.
“You’ll have to bear with me. I’m just getting my head around the wording,” was all that Bob could offer.
Jason understood the term ‘integer’, but was unable to define the term ‘positive proper divisor’. Kevin could offer him no assistance, so it was a case of waiting to see what Bob could come up with.
It took Bob a full hour, and several pages of notes, to obtain a clear understanding of the concept.
“I’ve come to the conclusion that ‘perfect numbers’ have to be even numbers, though their positive proper divisors may include odd numbers.
It’s just a theory for now, but I don’t see how you could end up with a perfect number that’s odd.”
Kevin and Jason nodded as they listened, not so much in agreement with Bob, but more in confirmation that they were actually listening to his words, which, in truth, made no more sense to them than the clue itself.
“Hey, wait a minute!” Bob almost shouted in his excitement. “Like the number six; one plus two plus three equals six, so six, by definition, has to be a perfect number.
I’ll explain; six divided by two equals three, six divided by three equals two, and one is a positive proper divisor for every number. Funny, I never realised that about number six. I don’t know what any of the other perfect numbers might be; it could take some time, but I’ll get them.”
Bob returned to his notes and continued to jot down numbers and calculations.
Kevin remained quiet, immersed in his own private thoughts and memories, while Jason analysed Bob’s explanation mentally, before asking the question,
“Then one is also a perfect number, is it not?”
“No,” replied Bob. One is the number one’s only positive proper divisor; it’s too small to have any others, but the clue says not to include the number itself as one of its own positive proper divisors, so we have to rule out number one unfortunately. Nice try though, Jason, it shows you’re starting to understand the clue.
I’ll tell you what though, it’s a good job we’re only after three of them because thinking about it we’d be looking at some very large numbers beyond that.”
With a little help from Bob, Jason attempted to explain the concept, as he understood it, to Kevin, but even with Bob’s clear explanation, Kevin just couldn’t get his head, which was pre-occupied with more personal things, around it.
Eventually Bob suggested that Kevin should be allowed to sit this one out; he was sure he could solve it by himself, but Jason was more than welcome to help, if he felt up to it.
The suggestion wasn’t intended to make Kevin feel useless, but that was precisely how he did feel. He offered his apologies, which both Bob and Jason told him were totally unnecessary, before admitting, reluctantly, that not only was it pointless for him to take part, but he may even hamper the efforts of the other two in the process.
He sat and watched for a while, before disappearing to the kitchen to prepare food. If he wasn’t able to make a worthwhile contribution to this part of the challenge, at least he could make himself useful in other ways.
Bob had filled several sheets of notepaper with numbers, tables and comments, but he was unable to make any further progress until he simplified his methods.
Using the number six as his starting point, he scribbled down its positive proper divisors, and then added the next digit, four, making ten. He dismissed ten, as a perfect number, immediately, realising that four was not one of its positive proper divisors. Next he added five, to make fifteen, then six to make twenty one, quickly realising that neither had enough positive proper divisors to equal itself.
When he added seven, to make twenty eight, he realised that the numbers three, five and six had to be deleted, but that they added up to fourteen, which was what one, two, four and seven totalled, and the number that was required to make twenty eight a perfect number. He substituted the number fourteen for the ones he’d removed, and quickly calculated that there were no further positive proper divisors for twenty eight, after seven up to fourteen, or after fourteen up to twenty eight.
He had found the second perfect number.
Bob suspected that the next number could be substantially greater than twenty eight, and would be more difficult to determine. He thanked Jason for his attention, and Kevin for his patience, as he called time on another day.

Despite Bob’s realisation that he may be looking for a number much larger than twenty eight, in order to discover the next perfect number, he continued to use the same method that had resulted in the discovery of twenty eight. He was relatively comfortable with mathematics, but not nearly skilled enough at the discipline to employ any other method for this particular application.
As he’d predicted, it took some time, and it wasn’t until late in the afternoon, working alone for much of the time, that he finally announced he’d found the third perfect number.
He gathered his notes together, and called his colleagues to join him at the coffee table.
“I’ve got it!” he announced “It’s four hundred and ninety six, and its positive proper divisors are as follows; one, two, four, eight, sixteen, thirty one, sixty two, one hundred and twenty four, and two hundred and forty eight.”
Jason hesitated a moment, before passing the handset, and saying,
“You know we’re going to have to take your word on this, don’t you?”
“Don’t worry, Jason, believe me, its maths; pure logic. The only way I could be wrong is if we’ve been given an incorrect definition of perfect numbers, and even then, the numbers that I’ve come up with agree with the wording of the clue.” Bob was confident.
“OK Bob, fill your boots!” Jason smiled, handing over the device.
Bob wasted no time, tapping out the positive proper divisors. As he pressed ENTER for the first total, the number six appeared in the box on the TV screen. On completion of all three totals, the digits in the box read, 6, 2-8, 4-9-6.
Another cell door opened, inviting Charles to continue his journey.
The scoreboard read 65550000.
The relief felt by all was apparent in their muted reaction to the on-screen events.
For Kevin especially, it had been a particularly frustrating few hours, unable as he was to make any contribution to the mechanics of finding the solution. He was grateful for one small mercy, however. He knew that with or without the personal issues that were affecting his ability to concentrate, there was no way he would have been able to grasp the concept of perfect numbers. The only numbers he’d ever been comfortable with were measurements relating to food recipes. If the clue had required the ingredients for the perfect wedding cake, for instance, he would have been able to provide the solution, accurate to the nearest gramme, in no time.
He smiled as this thought came to him, relieved in another sense. His ability to make light of the situation demonstrated that the memories of his past that had come back to haunt him, had completed their task. They had served to remind him that all sadness, all difficulties can be overcome, given time.

23. Chronological Disorder


Bob had already decided that his solo effort had deserved the reward of an early night. A brief glance at the words that scrolled onto the TV screen, in addition to his sympathetic attitude towards Kevin’s state of mind, convinced him that his decision would not be contested.
He delayed speaking just long enough to hear the reactions to the next clue from the others.


STAGE 16

CLUE KM 11.7

JUNE TOO SOON?

IN 2020, A MAN WILL GO TO BED.
 
WHEN HE AWAKES, THE FOLLOWING MORNING,
HE WILL REALISE THAT IT IS NEW YEARS DAY, 2767,
IN THE ERA OF NABONASSAR.

IS THIS TO BE ANOTHER CASE OF A MAN OVERSLEEPING,
OR IS THERE SOME OTHER EXPLANATION?

THE REAL QUESTION IS;
HOW MANY DAYS TO GO BEFORE JUNE 1ST?

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                       }

TO PROCEED TO NEXT INDIVIDUAL CLUE


“That’s just about how long I’ll sleep for, once this is all over,” commented Kevin.
“Well Kev, it’s been a tough old day, one way or another. The best I can offer you for now is seven hours, not seven centuries. Let’s turn in, what do you say, Jason?”
Jason shrugged his shoulders, nodding as he pulled himself from the couch.

Kevin was the first to rise, feeling much happier, after an undisturbed sleep.
“It’s not such a bad thing, waking up to the New Year. That’s how it feels for me today,” he joked, when Bob and Jason arrived.
Jason was intrigued by Kevin’s comment, and gave it some thought before speaking.
“Taking it seriously, just for a minute though, it doesn’t necessarily mean this man went to bed on New Year’s Eve.”
“Exactly my point,” said Kevin
“That depends on how you look at it,” cut in Bob. “It doesn’t have to be New Year’s Eve, twenty twenty; hello, there’s that number again. In some parts of the world, New Year is celebrated in the springtime. It’s the traditional, symbolic time of re-birth.”
“Makes sense in a way,” reasoned Jason. “I mean January the first is right in the middle of winter; it’s not the start of anything, apart from the month.
One question though, Bob; how do you explain the seven hundred and forty seven year time difference? I mean that’s a hell of a long time to take a nap.”
“Well, there are actually several different calendars in use, throughout the world. Most, if not all of them, are based on religious beliefs. Even the calendar we use, in western society, is just an acknowledgement to the belief that it represents the time elapsed since the birth of Jesus,” continued Bob.
“He’s right,” said Kevin “It looks like we just need to find out the traditional date for New Year in the era of Nabonassar. It doesn’t ring any bells with me, but I was aware that there are other calendars in use. Even our own has seen changes; ten days were dropped, four hundred plus years ago by Pope Gregory the thirteenth when we changed from the Julian to the Gregorian calendar we use today. This brought us more into line with the solar year.
Oh, by the way… New Year used to be March 25th here as well, according to the Julian calendar…
And another bit of trivia for you; a leap year isn’t strictly every four years. If it’s the year that starts a new century, it has to divide by four hundred. So two thousand was a leap year, but nineteen hundred wasn’t.
Amazing what you can learn, isn’t it?”
“Or, the era of Nabonassar could be another anagram,” suggested Jason, hopefully.
“Here’s what we’ll do then.” Bob took over. “Jason, you can try to come up with an anagram, while Kevin and I check for references to the era of Nabonassar, among all these books.”
While Jason remained seated, with a pencil and notepaper, Bob and Kevin began to search the bookshelves, for any information they could find on alternative calendars.

In an attempt to relieve the monotony, Bob informed Kevin that Cambodia followed their own calendar, which was based on the introduction to their culture, of Buddhism.
“Over there, it’ll be twenty five fifty three, next year, starting from mid-April.
It’s weird in a way. On the one hand, the calendar tells you its five hundred years in the future, but almost everything you see, leaves you with the impression that you’ve taken a step back five hundred years, into the past.
Outside populated areas, in village Cambodia, the feeling is even more pronounced. The prehistoric health system sticks in my mind as the most poignant example of what I mean.
My girlfriend once took me to her village, to meet her family. Three sisters, their husbands and children, shared one tiny, ramshackle building with her parents and grandmother.
While we were there, her grandmother fell sick, and had to see a doctor. It wasn’t too serious; a combination, I guess, of old age and decades of poor diet had brought it on. I had a car, so I was able to take her to the ‘surgery’, in a neighbouring village, and save her an hour’s walk, perhaps more for an old girl like her.
Despite the car, we still had to rise at five a.m, in order to get there in good time. You see, they don’t see the doctor by appointment, like we’re used to. They can only see him when he’s in town, and he only visits once a month. I think he was actually based in a hospital, but was responsible for the healthcare of several villages, that he visited on a monthly basis, so as not to overcrowd the hospitals with less severe cases. So, once a month, all these frail, old, sick people have to trek to this village to see him, and pick up any medication they require.
It’s heartbreaking to witness the event.
Most people try to get there early; about six o’clock, because it’s a case of first come, first served.
Each patient picks up one of those tickets like you get at the cheese counter in Tesco’s, and just has to wait until their names are called. The doctor doesn’t even arrive until eight o’clock, so it’s at least a two hour wait, even for the very first patient.
It’s a bit like those pictures you see, of people waiting for the January sales, but with all these sick people basically camping out under sheets of woven fabric, to keep the heat off; if it’s not raining. Most of them have dragged hand-carts behind them, to transport bottles of water, and baskets of cooked rice and vegetables, or whatever, to sustain them through the day. And they need it too; some of them face a six or seven hour wait, before having to make the perhaps hour long trek back to their homes.
Despite the chaos, they totally rely on this ‘service’; many of them can’t manage without their medication. I know it all sounds a bit daft; a bit primitive, but the ‘impossible’ happens all the time, and this chaotic system actually does save lives.
What a stressful thing to put sick, old people through though. You’d think someone would come up with the revolutionary idea of handing out appointment cards after they’ve been examined; come back next month, but at this time. I don’t know, perhaps they’re not all that confident of seeing a lot of them again, I mean some of these people look more than a hundred years old, and I guess there are more new cases to contend with, every month.
The funny thing is though, this is the way they do things over there; the way they’ve always done things. There’s no need to change it because it actually works for them!
I guess, having said all that, life comes cheap over there, but then so does death. I mean cigarettes, for example cost less than a quid a packet, even for well known brands, and the Asian brands are even cheaper; a few pence. If you prefer, and a lot of people do, you can buy the locally grown tobacco, and roll your own, for about a quid a kilo! It would cost you more than two hundred quid for that much Golden Virginia here in England!
Scary as well though, isn’t it, to think you could die of cancer for about a tenner? Of course a tenner is equivalent to a year’s wages for some of those poor bastards.”
“It’s difficult to imagine you’re talking about nowadays, Bob, when you consider all the things we take for granted; the privileges we abuse. We’ve got so much to be thankful for.”

Jason had been unable to re-configure ‘the era of Nabonassar’ into an intelligible or practical alternative phrase. This left only the prospect of, once again, searching through the stack of books Bob and Kevin had managed to collect, as the only viable option open to the challengers.
By now, it was approaching lunch time, which prompted Bob to take it upon himself to summarise the thoughts that were racing through the heads of all of them.
“This morning’s done absolutely nothing to inspire any enthusiasm in me. I vote we adjourn to the kitchen, and tackle this job in earnest after we’ve eaten some lunch.”
Agreement was both unanimous and immediate, triggering the challenger’s speedy exodus from the loft.

The search commenced at one o’clock, and concluded four hours later, at five. Jason claimed victory, discovering that the era of Nabonassar, referred to a period in time, relating to the ancient Babylonians. In this era, New Year was celebrated at a time considered by many ancient cultures to represent the natural beginning of the year; springtime.
Jason shared his findings with his colleagues.
“Although the actual date of the celebrations was not fixed, in modern terms, due to the difference in the number of days considered to constitute one year, the comparative dates, in relation to the calendar we follow, may be calculated. There’s even a table here, sectioned off into the official dates for the beginning of springtime, over a period of several hundred years.
In twenty twenty, or twenty seven sixty seven in the era of Nabonassar, the first day of spring, or New Year’s Day to them, will fall on the twenty fifth of April. That means there will be thirty six days to go until the first of June.”
Bob and Kevin sprang to their feet, to join Jason, as he spoke. Bob took a calculator from the coffee table, and nodded his agreement with Jason as he first checked the information from the book, and then pressed the keys. As he did so, Kevin analysed the progress they had made.
Despite the amount of time Jason had arguably wasted, exploring his anagram theory, they had still managed to solve this clue in approximately eight hours. Kevin felt this was very respectable since none of them had ever so much as even heard of the era of Nabonassar.
The gentle celebrations consisted of no more than polite slaps to Jason’s back, and shaking of hands for a job well done.
Jason took the handset and pressed 3-6.
Charles smiled briefly, and was happily on his way to take up position behind the steel bars and securely locked door of another cell.
The scoreboard displayed 66700000.

24. Satellite Surveillance


STAGE 17

CLUE KM 11.6

NEW DISCOVERIES KEEP US ALL GUESSING ALL THE TIME. BUT, CORRECT AT THE TIME OF PRINT,
IN HOLLAND (MAY: 2006),
FIND THE FOLLOWING:

FROM 4-8, IN TERMS OF PROXIMITY TO THE SUN,
HOW MANY MOONS ARE IN ORBIT AROUND 
THE PLANETS OF OUR SOLAR SYSTEM?

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                       }

TO PROCEED TO NEXT INDIVIDUAL CLUE


“This one shouldn’t be too difficult to find,” remarked Bob. “Assuming we have sufficient detail in the astronomy books available to us,” he added.
“It looks like we only need to find one specific book; one that was printed in Holland, in May, two thousand and six,” Jason pointed out.
“As long as it’s written in English, or there’s a translation available to us, I don’t really mind where it was printed,” commented Bob.
Disappointingly, the research material they’d managed to gather to replace the stack of history books, dictionaries and religious publications, used in the solution of the previous clue, consisted of just four books. The shelves contained others on the subject, but no more that had been published in the year 2006.
By the time they had checked the contents of each of these, it was clear to the challengers that not one of the four astronomy related publications held any information regarding the number of moons in our solar system.
“I don’t get it,’ complained Bob. “Only four books from the year two thousand and six, and all of them cover everything but the information we’re after.”
“None of them are Dutch in origin, either,” Kevin was quick to add.
The lack of enthusiasm, highlighted in Bob’s call to break for lunch earlier in the day, had returned. This time nobody needed to mention it; they were all ready for bed.

Jason was the first to speak when they returned to the loft in the morning.
“We might be missing something here; forgive the understatement. What I’ve been thinking of is one of my old school teachers, Mrs. Ramsay; in particular, one of her quirky little habits. She always used to refer to books by the name of the author, rather than by the title. For instance, she’d say ‘take out Burnham and turn to page fifty’, instead of calling it ‘History Today’.
Don’t you see? Holland could be the guy who wrote the book, article, report, or whatever it is.
If I’m right, the title could be ambiguous, or misleading, which would explain why we failed to spot it yesterday. Our task today, is to look for an author named Holland; it’s going to take forever, but it’s all we’ve got to go on.”
The recurring theme of frustration crept up on the challengers, taking residence in their consciousness. They knew the book was lying in wait, somewhere in the maze that the library had become. The thousands of volumes had presented them with difficulties enough, when searching for information by subject; such was its hap-hazard arrangement. Searching for the author, however, meant that they would have to look at every single cover individually. The information they sought might be contained within the pages of any of them. Particular scrutiny had to be afforded to publications with more general or ambiguous titles, especially compilations with several contributing authors.
Inevitably perhaps, the morning ended just as it had begun, with only the clue, and the challenger’s interpretation of it, to guide them.
The monotony of the exercise was not only mind numbing, it was also physically, extremely uncomfortable. Eyes, necks, backs and arms all suffered the effects of constant repetition and continual straining. The three weary challengers found themselves taking frequent breaks to rest, and try to ease the symptoms, but as the afternoon dragged, the fatigue increased.
When nightfall finally presented its tantalising invitation, nobody could resist the Godsend.

At daybreak, all three men headed directly to the loft. Breakfast, or even the mere thought of eating, seemed as alien to them as the moons to which the clue referred. All the old, familiar doubts and arguments that had been expressed by each of them, on more than one occasion, returned to torment them. Convincing as they undoubtedly were though, the consensus was that they were so close now to completing the challenge, that surrendering to them was a notion none of them should contemplate. How glad they all were that consensus was the recognised decision maker. If they had been left to their own devices, without the strength of character and will, generated by the concept of team spirit, perhaps they would have all admitted defeat long ago.
As a team, they’d organised themselves into an efficient search party for previous clues, and as a team they were able to strengthen their efficiency for this particular search. The intimidating task that lay before them could, in effect, be divided by three, as they each acknowledged the participation of the others. Their early start meant that they could feasibly spend up to fourteen hours that day, searching. If they divided the day up into hourly portions, they would only have to think in terms of a hundred or so books per person, per hour, rather than thousands as a whole. They could plausibly make sufficient eye contact with every book in the library, to determine its relevance to the clue, in the hours that remained. Simply by removing, and placing on the floor, any that appeared pertinent, they could, if necessary, spend the following day slightly more productively.
As it turned out, largely due to the renewed sense of hope that the more logical thought process, inspired by their belief in the power of the team, had provoked, their search was rewarded at just about the time they would normally adjourn for lunch.
Bob had become fascinated by a book intriguingly entitled ‘A to B: The A-Z of Place to Place’. It was, he discovered on close inspection, compiled by an author who went by the name ‘R. J. May’. The publisher was a company, or group named ‘Holland’. Bob was quick to connect the author’s name and the publisher with the words of the clue, ‘in Holland (May: 2006)’.
Before interrupting Kevin and Jason, he opened the front cover to confirm the date of publication. His trembling hands almost allowed the book to escape, but he managed to contain his excitement just long enough to achieve his objective.
He waved in the direction of his colleagues, pressing his left forefinger against his lips and transforming the wave into a signal, beckoning his younger team mates to join him in his short walk to the coffee table.
The book was laden with hundreds of tables, listing thousands of cities around the world, and recording the travelling distance between them. Towards the back of the book was a section entitled ‘The Solar System’ that graphically presented ‘A Travellers Guide’. 	The distances between each planet, and the distance of each planet from the sun, was highlighted on one page. Several further pages were dedicated to the individual planets, and the proximity of their respective moons. From the information contained within this section, the challengers were able to determine the number of moons, or satellites, orbiting each planet.
A footnote at the end of the section stated, ‘In reference to the number of moons orbiting each planet, information correct at time of print; July 2006’.
Bob held his finger to his lips once more, to suppress any celebratory outbursts, lifted the remote control with his free hand, and waited for his racing heartbeat to return to a more regular tempo.
The digits he keyed were, 2, 6-3, 5-6, 2-7, 1-3.
The challengers watched in silence as the opening door prompted the seated prisoner, Charles, to stand and walk to the next cell.
The scoreboard now stood at 67860000.

25. Digital Photography


STAGE 18

CLUE KM 11.5

WHAT WAS THE NAME OF THAT MOVIE?

EITHER YOU KNOW IT, OR YOU DON’T.

FIND THE NUMBERS CONTAINED WITHIN THE 
MOVIE TITLES, FROM THE FOLLOWING CLUES

BO DEREK, DUDLEY MOORE
(1979).

BRAD PITT, MORGAN FREEMAN
(1995)

ADAM SANDLER, DREW BARRYMORE
(2004)

ROBERT DI NERO, CHARLIZE THERON
(2001)

GEORGE CLOONEY, MARK WAHLBERG 
(1999)

ANSWERS, IN SEQUENCE WILL REVEAL COMBINATION.
 
ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                       }

TO PROCEED TO NEXT INDIVIDUAL CLUE


Looking at the clue that followed, the challengers felt a great burden being lifted from their shoulders.
They knew exactly where to begin their search this time, and the DVD collection was nowhere near as extensive as the library. With this in mind Jason issued a reminder that served as a warning against attitudes of complacency that the clue might provoke.
“Remember Charles’ words from the time we all made the decision to accept this challenge? It was the first time Jason had referred to it verbally as a challenge, and both Bob and Kevin were visibly surprised by Jason’s revised classification.
“What happened to mission?” enquired Bob.
“Respect where it’s due, Bob. You have to go into any kind of test with a certain attitude. Some call it arrogance, but if you can channel it positively, it’s no more than an eccentric display of self-confidence. Once you’ve gone a few rounds with an opponent who’s still standing, despite your dominance, that’s when you have to start showing a bit of respect,” explained Jason. “None of us thought this was going to be easy, but even I never expected it to be quite so hard, or quite so demoralizing. But we’re still standing; perhaps we’re due a bit of respect as well.”
“Well, you’ve certainly got our respect; I guess that feeling must be mutual,” encouraged Bob.
“For sure it is; that goes without saying,” agreed Jason.
“So remind us again what Charles said,” prompted Kevin.
“He said, ‘things are rarely as they appear’. So show the clue some respect,” urged Jason.
It was at this point, that they decided to take a short break for a late lunch, appetites having returned, along with self-confidence.

Suitably replenished, following the breaking of their self-imposed period of fasting, the three men headed for the cabinet containing the DVD’s, and began to hunt for movies, starring the appropriate actors and actresses.
It didn’t take them more than an hour to locate every title, contained within the cabinet, that featured, or starred, the relevant celebrities. The one thing they could not find, however, was a title with any reference to specific numbers. It soon became apparent that they would be forced to endure another lengthy spell in front of the TV. If the actual movies they required were not included in the DVD collection, the challengers’ only hope was that they were featured in the trailers that could be accessed from the start menu.
The ages of the films, meant that for each star, there was a selection of at least three films in the DVD collection. This meant that they had more than thirty DVD’s to inspect. They wouldn’t have to view the entire disc, but it was estimated that potentially, this could involve up to six hours of watching nothing but movie trailers.
Six hours was a fair estimate. The process of writing down the titles, changing discs and checking for the relevant date, none of which had previously been taken into account, could have increased their sentence considerably. However, the order in which they had decided to view the discs, had worked in their favour.
After a gruelling day, which had taken each of them on a journey through the whole spectrum of emotions, they were able to make their way to the comfort of their beds.
The film titles they had been seeking, and subsequently found were, ‘Ten’, ‘Seven’, Fifty First Dates’, ‘Fifteen Minutes’ and ‘Three Kings’.
Kevin, who was closest to the handset, took it from the coffee table, with no objections from the others, and entered the combination, 1-0, 7, 5-0, 1-5, 3.
Charles indicated his contentment at seeing yet another door open, with a thumbs up signal to the exhausted challengers.
The scoreboard settled at 69030000.

26. Wordsearch


STAGE 19

CLUE KM 11.4

THE NUMBERS IN THE GRID RELATE TO THE LETTERS
OF THE ALPHABET. I.E. 1=A, 26=Z ETC.

TRANSLATE THE NUMBERS 
INTO THEIR CORRESPONDING LETTERS,
TO FIND FOUR WORDS, HIDDEN WITHIN THE GRID,
THAT ARE AN ALTERNATIVE WAY
OF SAYING SPECIFIC NUMBERS.

WHEN YOU HAVE THE FOUR NUMBERS,
TRANSLATE THEM BACK INTO DIGITS
AND ENTER THEM, IN ASCENDING NUMERICAL ORDER, INTO THE BOX BELOW.

THE NUMBERS/WORDS IN THE GRID
CAN BE READ IN ANY DIRECTION,
VERTICALLY, HORIZONTALLY, OR DIAGONALLY.

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                       }

TO PROCEED TO NEXT INDIVIDUAL CLUE

CLICK ‘OK’ TO PRINT DIAGRAM.


Jason made it his job to hand out the printed sheets of paper that he had prompted, and retrieved from the slot below the TV screen. He then took three, red felt-tip pens from a container on the coffee table, tossing one each to Bob and Kevin, and keeping one for himself. He told them he was going to convert the numbers to letters, and suggested that they should follow suit.
The printed grids appeared a little confusing initially, with their black, printed numbers, combined with red, scribbled letters. Confusion became clarity, once attention had been focussed, and it was not long before the first word became apparent. Situated as it was, almost centrally in the grid, and reading from left to right, the word ‘score’ revealed itself.
Bob had been the first to spot it, pointing out its location to Kevin and Jason.
Only a further thirty minutes had elapsed by the time they had completed the word search.
The remaining words were, ‘dozen’, ‘gross’ and ‘shock’.
The reason it had taken as long as it did, was because ‘shock’, the final word to be found and confirmed, was a word that none of the challengers recognised as a reference to a number, or quantity. Jason had looked it up in the dictionary, and was as surprised as Bob and Kevin, to learn that the little-used term referred to the number sixty.
They all knew, or at least agreed on, before confirming, the values associated with the other three words. The dictionary check was a precautionary measure provoked by Jason’s earlier reference to Charles’ advice, ‘things are rarely as they appear’.
What they found corroborated their collective understanding, as well as common knowledge, that ‘score’ means twenty, ‘dozen’ means twelve and ‘gross’ is twelve dozen, or one hundred and forty four.
This had probably been the shortest length of time it had taken them to achieve a solution, and although it should have boosted their collective morale, they were all too aware of the potentially unpleasant consequences of complacency. So Bob and Kevin continued to follow Jason’s advice, and showed the clue the respect that, arguably, it didn’t deserve as an individual test of intelligence, but that they agreed, the challenge as a whole had earned.
Jason was allowed to enter the combination, tapping the keys, 1-2, 2-0, 6-0, 1-4-4.
Steel bars, Charles, and the scoreboard, all in motion simultaneously was a more beautiful scene to behold than it sounds, for the battle weary challengers. It did, however, allow them a few brief seconds to congratulate themselves, silently.
A cursory glance at the scoreboard, now reading 70210000, gave them the additional few seconds they needed, to brace themselves for the following clue; the clue to the combination for door number 118.

During the brief interval created by the process of finishing one clue and waiting for the next to appear, all three challengers reflected on the words that Jason had recalled little more than eighteen hours previously. Silent thanks were offered in acknowledgement of these words of caution, and each man resolved to utilise them at all times in the future.
Kevin was temporarily transported back in time, mentally, to his youthful days as a cub scout, and remembered with affection, the simple words of the movement’s motto, ‘Be Prepared’, as well as its strikingly comparable sentiment to ‘things are rarely as they appear’.
Bob entertained similar childhood memories, but as he’d declined to join the cubs or the scouts, his theme was one of schooldays. He contemplated the subject of English language, notably proverbs, and specifically the idiom ‘all that glistens is not gold’. As he developed this concept, he mused that any one of the old proverbs could be applied as appropriate. His head was filled with thoughts of ‘Never judge a book by its cover’, ‘Look before you leap’ and ‘It’s like putting the cart before the horse’.
Jason looked at each of his colleagues in turn, and simply said,
“Know what I mean?”

27. Knowing One’s Place


STAGE 20

CLUE KM 11.3

THE STAGE IS SET AND THE ENTIRE CAST OF CHARACTERS IS ASSEMBLED IN PRE-DETERMINED REGULATION ORDER.

EACH CHARACTER IS GIVEN A NUMERICAL VALUE, CONSECUTIVELY, STARTING FROM 1.
 
WITHOUT A SOUND, THEY FORM FIVE GROUPS.

DETRMINE THE AVERAGE NUMERICAL VALUE OF EACH GROUP AND PLACE THESE VALUES, IN ASCENDING ORDER, INTO THE BOX. 

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                       }

TO PROCEED TO NEXT INDIVIDUAL CLUE


Bob and Kevin had been left to their own devices while Jason went to sit alone, on the floor in a corner of the room, to concentrate.

Bob began to tell Kevin a story from his past.
“When I was younger; in my twenties, I guess, a few old University friends and I used to meet up now and then, for a drink early doors, when it was quiet; usually on a Friday. I was never what you might call a ‘beer monster’, even when I had my ‘problem’. It was vodka that screwed me up for a while that time. Back then, two pints was my limit. You see I was doing a lot of weights and jogging, so I couldn’t handle too much beer. Sounds vain, but I wanted to keep my figure.
Anyway, there was this gang of lads who often used to meet up in the same place, at about the same time. Five lads and a girl actually; sometimes others would join them.
The lads were musicians; in a band at least. They were OK actually, but never made it big-time. They always seemed to be playing gigs locally though, and were quite well supported. The lead singer claimed the reason they never made it nationally was that the world was not ready for them; he said they were ahead of their time.
I got to know them all fairly well; actually saw them play a couple of times. In the pub, we’d play pool together, and chat about this and that. They were pretty regular in there for a couple of years, so I guess I must have spent a fair amount of time with them on and off.
Sometimes they’d all turn up with their girlfriends, but they went through women that fast, it was difficult to keep up with the girls’ names.
Graham, the lead singer, was a bit of an oddball character. Quiet, suspicious type; always seemed to be weighing everyone up. But once you got him talking, he was a different person altogether; full of great stories, and quite clearly, very well educated. He was the only one who seemed to be able to hold on to his girlfriend. In fact, I rarely saw him without her. Daphne, that was her name; a real typical hippie chick. She used to wear Monkey Boots and ankle length, hand-made skirts; made them herself, I guess. She had a bone through her nose, and a pair of over-sized wooden chopsticks holding her hair in place at the back.
Like I said, I knew them all fairly well for a couple of years. Then, the band split up, and they all went their separate ways. I never saw them again; apart from one time, when I saw Graham and Daphne.
Graham had landed a job on national TV. One of those ‘arty’ types of shows. He’d introduce the latest new acts in music, in between interviewing artists, poets, playwrights, dancers; you name it. Made quite a name for himself. Maybe you’ve heard of him; Graham, or Gray, Short. His TV show was called Gray’s Area.
He’d been doing that a good few years, I guess; two shows a week by now. He was living in London, of course, and I hadn’t seen him all the while.
One day; must have been ten years after the ‘pub era’, I’d just finished my work-out at the gym, and guess who I saw walking in my general direction? It was only Graham; dressed in a business suit, hair nicely combed, and clean-shaven. Then I noticed the woman with him. It was onlyDaphne, in a two-piece jacket and skirt. Gone were the bone through her nose, and wood in her hair. Now, she was clinging on to two kids; one either hand. Must have been six and eight, I guess.
As they approached, I kind of slowed down, and started raising my hand to let on. They kind of looked at me, but didn’t seem to want to spend too much time checking out who I was. They never broke stride, and just walked past me like I wasn’t there.
Fame gone to their heads, had it? Too good for the likes of me now? That was what I must have been thinking. But I didn’t bother calling after them or anything. If that was the way they wanted to behave; sod them. I’ve been snubbed by much more important people.”

Jasonn returned to join the others, asking,
“Anyone got any thoughts on this one?”
“It sounds like we’re going to have to come up with the name of a stage play; perhaps even another film, with a number in its title,” sighed Kevin.
He was contemplating the tedious prospect of watching several more hours of DVD footage, in order to determine the combination. 
“I think we may have to approach the clue a little less literally than that,” Bob assessed.
“OK Kev, you can check out the DVD’s again if you want, but I warn you, none of them contain titles with numbers in them. It’ll be hours of nothing but trailers for you. That’ll decide it, if it’s in there at all.
Bob and I will examine the clue’s individual words, and see if there’s anything hidden in their meanings. Right Bob?”
“Right Jason. That’s exactly where my point was leading.”

Kevin commenced his physical examination of the movie discs, while Bob and Jason settled down with pencils and paper, to scrutinise the clue, and check their interpretations, using dictionaries.
The double edged assault may have seemed potentially time consuming, but it may equally save time, in the long run.
Bob launched straight into the process that had aided earlier solutions.
“The first sentence implies a standard configuration of… I don’t know; something, maybe even numbers.”
Jason listened without comment, before taking another look towards the TV screen and the clue. Using his pencil, he drew a series of lines through one of the notes he had made.
“I’ll accept that,” he said at last, “but the second sentence kind of contradicts your suggestion that it may be numbers. It’s not until they take up their standard formation that the numbers are assigned.”
It was Bob’s turn to delete one of his own incomplete notes that had attempted, without a great deal of success, to develop his theory on numbers, and the possible use of mathematical tables. He hadn’t been sure which ones might prove to be appropriate, but he was happy to scrap any ideas that might prove to be too taxing for his educated, but limited, abilities.
He spent some time deliberating over what Jason had said, before adding his own thoughts.
“So it’s a choreographed routine, rather than a play, or musical. Perhaps it’s something to do with dancers or cheerleaders.”
Progress was being made, Jason thought, and in a logical, analytical manner. He appreciated Bob’s attitude, as well as the pertinence of his contributions.
Merging together the points they’d made, in this refreshing spirit of co-operation, he injected a further piece of potentially useful information.
“Perhaps it’s a competition, with the simultaneous or individual involvement of five teams.”
Bob was following Jason step for step, and swiftly countered with,
“I disagree, there are no verbal instructions or commands; look, it says ‘without a sound’. So it’s something that’s been rehearsed in advance, rather than a competitive match with all the unpredictable twists and turns that accompany those occasions.”
Once more, Jason had to commend Bob’s handling of the situation, raising the question of whether or not he needed to adjust his own attitude, in line with that of the older man.
“Got me again, Bob,” he said. “Also, there are no two team, or squad members with identical numbers, which tends to more or less rule out any sporting fixture, for example.”
Their agreement had the unfortunate consequence of preventing them from making any further progress for more than an hour.
Bob hadn’t fully developed his theory, which was begging for clarification, but he came out with it anyway.
“It may not even be teams of people.”
Whatever Bob was trying to imply by this, was unclear to Jason, so he asked,
“If we’re not talking about people, or numbers, what else is there?”
That was the question that Bob had been hoping Jason would delay asking, or even fail to ask.
Bob shrugged his shoulders, and the thought process continued.
Kevin was watching the DVD’s sensibly, with the aid of a set of headphones, so that he wouldn’t be accused of interfering with the intense concentration the exercise taken on by the other two demanded. He was oblivious to the remarks that had been passed between Bob and Jason, and took no part in any discussions.
Following a pause that had lasted longer than Bob felt was comfortable, he decided to test another under-developed theory.
“It says ‘cast of characters’; it could be in reference to alphabets from languages that don’t use western script or Arabic numerals. The ‘characters’ could even be all the symbols that indicate numbers in say, Asian countries.”
“But why would they be given numbers if that’s what they are already?” wondered Jason.
“I don’t know; just a thought but it could even be words, or perhaps the characters themselves, that make up the equivalent letters of the alphabet.”
“I don’t think that would work,” argued Jason. “You can’t mix alphabets, because they all contain a different quantity of letters, or; wait a minute…, characters.
Wow! You’ve just given me an idea, Bob.”
“Let’s hear it then.”
“Characters of the alphabet; our alphabet, A to Z. That’s ‘pre-determined’ and set out in ‘regulation order’. Give them each a ‘unique numerical value’; A, equals one, Z equals twenty six, and the rest, we know.
I know it sounds a bit like the word search clue, but hold the thought; no pun intended, and I’ll come back with more. Let me just gather together the fragments that are cluttering up my head.”
“Take your time, Jason. I’ve got a good feeling about this one.”
Jason made his way back to the corner of the loft, and took his regular position facing the walls.
Bob attempted to second-guess the theory that Jason was quietly developing. He made a series of notes that kept him occupied until the younger man returned to his seat.
Jason continued to explain his concept.
“What about this?” he asked rhetorically. “The clue says ‘without a sound’; a sound is a vowel, agreed?” again rhetorically. “If you take out the five vowel sounds; A, E, I, O, U, you’re left with five groups of consonants. Right or wrong?”
This time, Bob responded.
“I hear you, Jason.”
“So you get B to D, F to H, J to N, P to T and V to Z; five groups. Two groups of three, three groups of five.”
“Go on.”
“Add the individual values of each group together, separately, to form five distinct totals. Divide each individual total by the number of ‘members’ in its respective group, and you get the ‘average numerical value of each individual group’. And Bob is not only yourself, mate, but also your dad’s brother!”
Bob considered this for a couple of minutes, before declaring,
“Who’s the genius now, Jason? I have got an Uncle Bob! And your alphabet theory is pretty plausible as well.”
He shook Jason by the hand, rigorously, which served to emphasise his belief that the combination was now just a simple set of calculations away from discovery.
Jason accepted the vote of confidence willingly, and shouted at the top of his voice, to alert Kevin.
“Stop wasting your time watching those boring DVD’s, and come and take a look at this!”
Jason’s words were music to Kevin’s ears. He complied with the request immediately and without argument, removing his headset, and turning his attention towards Bob and Jason.
“You’re looking rather smug, gentlemen. Any particular reason for that?” asked Kevin.
“Cast your eyes over this; tell us what you think,” instructed Jason.
He placed before Kevin, a sheet of notepaper, on which he’d set out, in fine detail, the conclusions he had drawn from his interpretation of the clue’s format.
Kevin glanced at the notes Jason had made, then, sitting upright, he lifted the paper from the coffee table, and gave it his undivided attention. Standing up, with the document held close to his face, he began to pace the full length of the loft, stopping once he’d reached the furthest wall.
Without comment, he spent several minutes studying the tidy rows of explanation, before folding the paper neatly, and placing it into his shirt pocket.
When he returned to his seat, he allowed himself a further period of concentration, which lasted only a few moments and was accompanied by a wide smile.
Adopting a more serious expression, he declared in a fake American accent,
“Congratulations! You have just won tonight’s star prize!”
Then, reverting to his natural voice, he said,
“Bob, Jason; you’ve done it! Thanks lads, I can tell you, I wasn’t exactly relishing the prospect of sitting through, God knows how many hours, of watching all those DVD trailers.”
Bob held a calculator in his hands, awaiting Kevin’s approval of Jason’s solution. As soon as he received it, he began tapping numbers, describing the process as he worked.
“B to D, that’s two plus three, plus four, equals nine, giving us an average of three. F to H is twenty one, making seven. J to N is sixty, divided by five equals twelve. P to T is ninety, giving eighteen, and V to Z gives us one hundred and twenty, so the average there, is twenty four.
That’s the lot. Job’s a good’un.”
Jason had reached for the handset as Bob had begun pressing numbers on his calculator, and was ready to press ENTER by the time he’d completed his reckoning. Before Jason allowed his finger to seal their fate, he double checked the numbers with Bob, to confirm he’d made no errors.
The numbers Jason had correctly entrusted to the device were, 3, 7, 1-2, 1-8, 2-4.
He pressed ENTER, and waited for the next cell door to open.
Charles was already on his feet, apparently as eager as the challengers to end their, and perhaps his own, torment.
As he took his seat in cell number 120, the scoreboard displayed 71400000.

28. Singing The Blues?


STAGE 21

CLUE KM 11.2

THE NEXT SONG IS CALLED ‘UNLUCKY NUMBER’.

YOU CAN COUNT ON THE INTRO TO EXPLAIN WHY.

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                       }

TO PROCEED TO NEXT INDIVIDUAL CLUE


“Does anyone know of a song called ‘Unlucky Number’?” asked Bob.
It didn’t ring any bells with either Kevin or Jason, who were also unable to confirm whether it was in fact, a real title, or one just invented to suit the purposes of the challenge.
Bob explained that he was wondering how the intro went, and if it brought to mind or even mentioned a specific number.
 “The only unlucky number I’m aware of is thirteen,” stated Kevin.
This caused everyone to enter into a discussion, initially about lucky and unlucky numbers, but as opinions varied so widely, they adjusted their focus to song titles. There were a lot to choose from, covering all musical styles, but no-one was able to recall a single one that put them in mind of bad luck, or an unlucky number. What they all agreed, was that the number they associated primarily with songs, or their titles, was actually the number ten.
They spent almost an hour in discussion, recalling songs, rating them, even performing renditions, before Jason reminded them of the purpose of solving the clue.
“We could talk about musical tastes all day… all week… but it would be no more use to us than sitting around signing ‘Ten Green Bottles’, would it?”
It had been intended more as a topical joke than a reprimand, and was appreciated and acknowledged as such by the two older men.
Following a brief pause for further consideration, Bob made an observation.
“It says ‘you can count on the intro to explain why’. The only way I can think of to introduce a song is by saying, ‘one two three four’, and if you count on that, it only adds up to ten. Incidentally, that also agrees with our conclusion that ten is about the most common number people associate with songs.”
It was this comment that led directly to the solution of the combination for door number 120.
“You almost had it there, Bob; you just didn’t develop the theme to its conclusion, in order to reach the solution,” said Kevin.
“If you know what it is, just come out with it, Kev. Don’t just sit there winding us up about it,” responded Bob.
“OK Bob, the number is thirteen, which I think we’ve all agreed is the classic unlucky number, even if we don’t believe in good and bad luck. The way you come up with it is just as the clue suggests; ‘count on the intro to explain’. This particular intro, just as common, and very similar to, one two three four, is… one, two… one two three four, and if you count on that, it adds up to thirteen.”
“You beauty, yet again, Kev! I can’t believe I didn’t think of it. It’s pretty obvious really, but at the same time, I can hardly believe it’s as simple as that.”
Jason broke up the exchange with a comment of his own,
“I think you’re right, Kev, I’m not going to argue with you this time, but wouldn’t you agree it leaves us with a bit of a poser?”
“How’s that, Jason?” Kevin asked.
“Well, again, I don’t want to put a downer on your excellent piece of deduction, but…”
“But what, Jason? I don’t see how it can be anything else.”
“Neither do I, Kev, but is it actually thirteen, or is it just, one, two, one two three four?”
It hadn’t occurred to Kevin, or Bob for that matter, that there might be any other considerations to take into account, but as soon as Jason had asked the question, they both realised that it was an impossible one to answer.
There followed a heated debate, which raged until lunch time, when they decided that the break might help to clarify matters.

As they took their seats in the loft again, to begin the afternoon session, Bob announced he was going to make a decision. The clue hadn’t specified a sum total of numbers, only indicated that they should ‘count on the intro to explain’. It was the crucial word ‘count’ that had formed the basis of Bob’s decision, which he actually presented in the form of a suggestion, perhaps a question; even a plea for help.
“I say we go with, one, two, one two three four, rather than thirteen, purely because the clue says ‘count’ rather than ‘add up’. We all know how to count, don’t we? If anyone’s got a better idea, speak now.”
Kevin thought about it and nodded.
Jason thought about it and also nodded, but qualified his agreement with the statement,
“There’s no way of checking up on this one; it’s a fifty-fifty chance, whichever way we go with it. I’m with you, Bob; the word ‘count’ is key for me as well, so I say, ‘one, two, one two three four’.
It couldn’t come at a worse time, but I suppose it’s for this door by design, rather than by accident. We’re just going to have to trust our instincts, and hope lady luck hasn’t chosen this late hour to desert us.
Last chance; does anyone want to change his mind, and go for ‘unlucky’ thirteen?”
The decision had been made, and all were in agreement that it was the correct one.
“In that case,” continued Jason, “only one question remains. Who wants to take responsibility for entering the combination?”
“To be fair Jason,” volunteered Bob, “it was you who alerted us to the dilemma, so I think it should be down to one of us two, to pull the trigger on this crazy version of Russian roulette. What do you say to that, Kev?”
“Toss you for it,” Kevin replied, simply.
Jason reached inside a pocket, pulled out a coin, and invited them to call.
“Heads,” said Bob, calmly, at the precise moment Kevin had opted for tails.
The coin was tossed, and Jason allowed it to drop all the way to the floor.
Bob and Kevin turned away from where they could see it was going to land, leaving Jason to announce the result.
Jason smiled to himself as he thought the responsibility, even for this task, was almost as great as for entering the combination.
“Heads it is!” he cried, once the coin had stopped spinning.
Bob and Kevin turned to inspect the fifty pence piece. Kevin immediately extended his arm, in an invitation for Bob to shake his hand, and receive his message of good luck.
Jason stepped up, to offer a similar gesture.
Bob felt like the condemned man, on his final walk to the noose. His left foot didn’t seem to want to acknowledge the movement of his right, and his body refused to respond to the forward motion, causing him almost to fall backwards. He drew a breath, in order to compose himself, and tried again, this time successfully. His fingers fumbled with the remote control, and it required both trembling hands to lift it from the coffee table.
“Are you ready?” Jason asked him.
“Here goes,” he replied “A-one, a-two, a-one two three four!”
Another quick, reassuring breath and the deed was done. 
1-2-1-2-3-4, ENTER.
Perhaps time really did stand still, just for a brief moment, because everyone was asking the same question, silently. ‘Why is nothing happening?’
They were expecting, although by no means fully, mentally prepared for, the words ‘GAME OVER’ to be the next ones that appeared on the TV screen.
Instead, after an inexplicable delay that the three challengers may only have imagined, the penultimate cell door swung open.
There was no disguising the intense pleasure that the ‘prisoner’, Charles B. Hatton, derived from passing through it, and into the final cell; cell number 121.
Only the scoreboard, in the top right hand corner of the screen, reacted in the same old, consistent manner, as the challengers linked arms and danced with joy, around the loft.
When the figure was finally revealed, it read 72600000.
They were relieved that the solution had coincided with the end of the day. This meant that they could all approach the final stage of the challenge refreshed, after a much needed and much deserved night’s sleep.

29. Logical Conclusion?


Breakfast that morning was a rather subdued affair. A simple bowl of cereal, and mugs of coffee were all anyone could face. Even the straight-forward chore of eating solid food seemd to represent a challenge none of them were yet ready to face
Once they’d finished, Bob and Kevin sat quietly, contemplating the day ahead, while Jason made for the loft, and the solitude of the dark corner he had made his private thinking space.
In a few hours, perhaps, the challengers would know success or failure. Jason wanted to psyche himself for the eventuality of either.
He deliberately avoided looking at the TV screen, not wishing to invite the stressful task of attempting to interpret the clue to cause mischief in his head during his essential period of reflection.
The clue they had solved the previous evening, had inadvertantly added a new dimension to the pressures of decision making. In the past, Jason had always believed that the measure of a person in control of any given situation, lay merely in his or her ability to make decisions.
He hadn’t explored this concept in depth, he realised, as it was now glaringly obvious that his belief was somewhat flawed.
The true measure of a person in control, he was now convinced, lies in his or her ability to make the correct decision.


PART 22

CLUE KM 11.1

SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO TAKE A STEP BACK
IN ORDER TO MAKE PROGRESS.

USING THE DIAGRAM BELOW
FIND A ROUTE FROM ONE,
TO EIGHT HUNDRED AND ONE,
IN LITERALLY, BUT NOT NECESSARILY NUMERICALLY, LOGICAL STEPS.

PRESS ENTER TO PRINT DIAGRAM


ONE
ELEVEN
…?
EIGHTY ONE
…?
EIGHTY FIVE
…?
NINETEEN
…?
EIGHTY NINE
EIGHT HUNDRED AND ONE

FILL IN THE MISSING NUMBERS
TO REVEAL THE COMBINATION

ENTER CORRECT COMBINATION

{                       }

TO COMPLETE CHALLENGE


Jason returned to his usual seat, as Bob and Kevin made their entrance to the loft, and together they took their first glimpse at the final clue of the challenge.
From one to eight hundred and one, in such erratic and faltering steps; reaching the dizzy heights of eighty five, only to plunge back into the depths of nineteen, didn’t seem to follow any conventional understanding of the word ‘logical’. Especially tricky to visualise, was how it could be feasible to take four short steps to reach eighty nine, followed by one giant leap that stretched all the way to eight hundred and one.
Bob, acknowledged as the team’s expert number cruncher, was as confused by this clue as he had been with any that had preceded it.
“It can’t be right,” he declared. “It just doesn’t make any sense.”
Kevin and Jason had been hoping that Bob would be able to provide a comment that would help them to formulate some kind of rational approach to the problem. A more positive reaction, at least, would have been a start.
With nothing concrete to go on, Jason began to call out all the mathematical terms he could think of that might be appropriate, in a frantic attempt to initiate a brain-storming session.
“Squares, cubes, powers,” he tried first. Then, more in desperation than hope, “Divisors of eight hundred and one, factors of something else. Help me please, you guys.”
Kevin looked up, having reached the only conclusion he was able to draw from the on-screen disorder.
“They’re all odd numbers; have you taken that into account?”
“At last! Thank you, Kevin; well spotted. No, I hadn’t even noticed that. Haven’t you got anything to add to that, Bob?”
Bob shook his head slowly. It was quite clear to him that this was a clue with a cunning twist.
Jason continued with his attempts to stimulate ideas, and made one further, mildly cynical bid for the participation of the team as a whole.
“Perhaps the numbers refer to quantities, ages, cricket scores, or I don’t know what else.”
Bob’s apparent lack of involvement was down to the fact that he’d been concentrating on the word ‘logical’; ironically, taking a leaf out of Jason’s book in order to tackle what he considered were the key words.
He combined this word with ‘literally’, to form ‘literally logical’, dismissing the word ‘numerically’, as the clue implied. He concluded that there must be a pattern, linking the numbers together, but that it was nothing to do with mathematics.
This idea was shared with Kevin and Jason, who were grateful for Bob’s more positive input, but still none the wiser.
The three challengers spent another hour, trying to determine what form, the pattern Bob had indicated, might take.
Although he had made no other reaction to Jason’s attempts to induce a thought process, and had ruled out a mathematical explanation, by his own interpretation of the clue, Bob continued to think in numbers. He had already scribbled copious amounts of digits and mathematical formulae onto his notepaper, and was losing himself in the maze he had created.
Inspired by Bob’s statement that he believed the answer did not lie in mathematics, Jason was attempting to arrive at an alternative conclusion. He was concentrating on the word ‘route’, in the hope that it may stir any dormant memories, of perhaps word associations, that he might be harbouring.
The quest occupied his thoughts, but inevitably drew a blank.
Kevin had also been intrigued by Bob’s allusion to a non-mathematical solution, and looked closely at the numbers, or quantities, indicated by the words.
The pattern, to which Bob had referred, emerged, to Kevin’s complete astonishment, before his very eyes.
Committing the full extent of his concentration, exclusively to the first and last pairs of numbers, he discovered the clue’s simple, yet perplexing secret.
He discerned that the word ‘one’, ended with the letter ‘e’; the same letter that started the word ‘eleven’. He also found that the exact same characteristic applied to the words ‘eighty nine’ and ‘eight hundred and one’.
As the clue suggested, and as Bob had concluded, the words followed logically, even if the numbers didn’t. For all intents and purposes, the actual numbers, other than for the purposes of the challenge, were irrelevant.
Armed with his new found lucidity, Kevin conducted an experiment.
Numbers in word form were transcribed onto the printed diagram, to test the consistency of the pattern. Beside the word ‘eleven’, Kevin wrote ‘nine’, which agreed with both ‘eleven’ and ‘eighty one’. On the next step, he wrote the words ‘eighty three’, which also agreed. Next he wrote ‘eighteen’, and finally, on the last empty step, he wrote the words ‘ninety one’.

ONE
ELEVEN - NINE
EIGHTY ONE - EIGHTY THREE
EIGHTY FIVE - EIGHTEEN
NINETEEN - NINETY ONE
EIGHTY NINE - EIGHT HUNDRED AND ONE

This had not been his first attempt; he had already achieved a similar result, using different numbers, with similar literal properties. On consideration, and in the realisation that other numbers could be utilised, he opted for the smallest appropriate numbers. He placed these, in word form, on the empty steps, in the belief that this would present the most logical route.
Pleased with his interpretation, as well as the result it had achieved, he informed Bob and Jason that he was ready to share his idea with them. The explanation he delivered, met with the admiration and approval of both of his fellow challengers.
In a similar way to the clue that had preceded it, this one also presented the challengers with a dilemma. Do they go with Kevin’s final attempt at a logical route, or were any of the other routes equally, or additionally applicable?
Kevin expressed his own opinion on the matter, and stated that if it were down to him, his final attempt would be his decision. Besides, if Bob was allowed to make an autonomous evaluation, then so could he, and there it was.
Bob and Jason accepted Kevin’s theory that smaller numbers presented the more logical route, and that he had earned the right to refuse the responsibility of entering the combination. This meant that Kevin would be the one to toss the coin.
No-one needed to be reminded that they could have misinterpreted the whole concept of the clue, although no-one considered this a possibility. As much as they didn’t want to fail at the last hurdle, they realised that delaying the attempt to open the final door, would only compound their predicament. They would be faced with a similar dilemma, whichever method they elected to employ. The debates, arguments and suggestions, could continue indefinitely.
Kevin revealed his secret weapon; his lucky coin, a gold sovereign that had belonged to his mother, and that he had inherited on her death, almost twenty five years ago. He had carried it close to his heart ever since, and had credited it for any good fortune from which he’d benefited.
“Let’s see if it really is lucky. Who’s going to make the call?” he asked.
Bob gestured towards Jason, allowing him the opportunity to choose.
“Tails,” requested Jason.
“OK, good, that means I’m heads; suits me,” approved Bob.
The coin was tossed high, from Kevin’s right hand, and caught in mid-air with his left. Before either Bob or Jason could avert their glances, he turned the sovereign over, onto the back of his right hand. It had landed on tails; Jason must enter the combination.
The remote control device found its way into Jason’s hand, with Bob’s assistance. Jason was feeling the pressure of responsibility more intensely than ever before. One sharp breath, however, was all it took him to compose himself, and with an outward display of confidence, at least, he pressed the keys, 9, 8-3, 1-8, 9-1, and waited.
They all waited.
The suspense was unbearable, but still there seemed to be no acknowledgement of the combination.
Jason attempted to re-enter the numbers, to no avail. The remote control was unable to provoke any reaction from the TV screen. This time the three challengers knew that it wasn’t just their imaginations getting the better of them. There was a problem that perhaps Charles, Ron and whoever else was involved with the administration of the challenge, were unable to identify. Perhaps they were unaware of any problem, and believed the challengers were still searching for the combination. Whatever the problem might be, nothing was happening.
Charles remained seated, the steel door to his freedom remained securely locked, and even the scoreboard remained static at its previous total.
It slowly began to enter Kevin’s mind that this might be how the challenge had been programmed to deliver the GAME OVER message. He indicated to Bob that this was what he was thinking, and was just about to initiate the commiseration ritual, when the TV went blank and switched itself off.
The concept of failure had not completely sunk in to Jason’s mind, and he managed to speak through the sense of disappointment that was gradually descending onto him.
“I’m sure it would have flashed a message if the combination was incorrect. It must be a malfunction. Besides it’s too late to leave or do anything other than go to bed, so we might as well turn in, and see what the morning brings by way of an explanation.
Bob and Kevin could do nothing but accept Jason’s logical assessment of the situation. Depressed as they were also beginning to feel, both men looked at Jason and said, almost simultaneously.
“You win some, you lose some.”
Jason realised this was not a true reflection of how they were feeling, but understood that there were many ways to deal with disappointment, and that the brave face was most people’s initial reaction.

30. Revelation


When morning came, the three challengers made their way up to loft, to see if the TV screen had at last switched itself back on, and acknowledged their combination.
Success or failure seemed unimportant. They just wanted to know which it was to be.
It was clear that somebody had entered the loft while they were sleeping, and had re-arranged the furniture, removing the couches, and leaving in place of them, five high backed armchairs. These had been lined up side by side with their backs to the loft’s entrance.
As they approached the chairs to investigate, they noticed that two of them were already occupied. In one was the smiling Ron Parker, while in the middle of the row, displaying a very solemn expression, sat Charles B. Hatton.
The challengers were taken completely by surprise, and were unsure of the appropriate reaction.
Before they had chance to speak, or even think, the silence was broken by Charles.
“Congratulations gentlemen, and of course, thank you. You have completed your challenge and achieved your goal.
I must say; you all look a little surprised. Perhaps you haven’t caught on yet, to our little deception.
The final combination you entered, you’ll all be pleased to learn, was correct. The reason your TV monitor did not acknowledge this was because I wanted to add a little extra suspense to the challenge. A trifle unkind of me, I know, but there were also practical considerations behind my decision to finish the challenge in this manner.
For one thing, I was situated in a location several hours driving distance from here. I never fly these days, unless absolutely essential. The late hour of your arrival at the combination for the last door meant that I would not have been able to see you until this morning, however I travelled. So I’d devised a dramatic ending, to be implemented in the event of a late finish, which I was able to put into practice. There is method to my madness. I wanted to get a more complete picture of you that would include the reaction to achievement without recognition.
Now, the time has come to reveal the full extent of our deception.
Let me tell you the untold story behind the disappearance of Charles B. Hatton…
Twenty or more years ago, I met three businessmen, who were, in fact, three very gifted individuals. They had set up a software company, named Securisoft, and were working towards developing a total security, operating system that was based on the then, very early and immature Biometrics recognition processes, with which we are all so familiar, today.
Everybody had seen the movies, in which iris scans, voice recognition, etc. were used to identify individuals. But the world was still several years away from any of these replacing existing, conventional methods, which, as we know, relied on the use of only two basic pieces of information; a photograph and a signature.
My three associates, however, were already discussing, in real terms, the idea of a computer programme able to recognise such things as posture, mannerisms, and a whole host of physical, even mental activities.
Science fiction then; history now.
By this time, I was already regarded as something of a celebrity, and newspapers and the media had already begun calling me ‘King Midas’ and ‘The Alchemist’.
As you may know, only a few years earlier, I had been left practically destitute, following the death of my father. Yet here I now was, an immensely wealthy businessman, discussing ground breaking technological developments. My own interest in related fields of technology allowed me to see that the theoretical scenarios and themes these men were introducing to me, were not only possible, but, with the right brains behind them, and of course, the appropriate level of funding, they were waiting to be put into practice. My own team of specialists was able to confirm this, and so I bought the company.
Biometrics was just one field of interest for my three partners. Anyone with even a casual interest in computers will know what Securisoft has achieved over the past twenty years, and how wide-ranging are its software applications.
When the very first version of Securisuite was launched, fifteen years ago, it was used exclusively for top secret military and defence applications. One of the partners, who had a background in the military, subsequently formed a subsidiary development company dedicated to terrorist related prevention techniques. It is widely acknowledged that, had his work with satellite surveillance systems come to fruition a few years earlier, then the September eleven World Trade Centre disaster may have been prevented. As a result of what he learned from the disaster, any subsequent, similar incidents, on that scale, have been avoided; foiled in the infancy of their planning, due to the complexity of the unique identification methods he was able to integrate into his surveillance systems.
The second partner is Roger Hurst, the figurehead of Securisoft, as the world knows it today.
The third, John Simms, sold back his stake in the company, which netted him in excess of one billion dollars. He severed all links with Securisoft, and set up his own rival company, while he personally specialised in his own particular field of interest; human cloning.
His dream, as a young medical student, in the seventies, had always been to develop the technology that would enable human cloning. Strong, healthy organ, even tissue and nerve transplants could be possible, virtually on demand, without the need for a ‘human’ donor, without the requirement of waiting for someone else to die, and without the anguish of searching for a compatible replacement. Blood transfusions would be simplified; pregnancy and babies would be possible for infertile couples. 
And many illnesses or conditions could be prevented, treated, or eradicated, simply by replacing the body part at the root of the problem. There may even be the possibility of reversing or slowing down the aging process, and ultimately, methods of repairing brain damage; even brain replacement itself, with a fully functional, exact copy of the brain, prior to it’s damage.
A cure for cancer, AIDS…
Implants that could collect all physical and mental data, including memories and concepts…
If a person were to die unexpectedly, the implants could be removed, and the information stored in them, uploaded to the cloned body and mind of the deceased. Life could continue as though the death had never occurred. The data might even be transferred to the body and mind of a clone at the particular stage of development specified in the will of the deceased, in order to relive ones youth, or be born again; to pick up from any point between insertion of the implant, and moments before death.
John Simms realised he was merely entertaining conjecture, but at the same time, he believed he was on the threshold of discovering the secret to immortality. He knew he wasn’t dreaming about re-incarnation… merely replacement; replication.
But then, perhaps twenty years later, and perhaps more than ever, he realised that even if all of his hopes and dreams could be developed into on-demand commodities, the impossible obstacles of public opinion, legal and political constraints, religious and moral opposition, were hurdles that he could never overcome.
Nevertheless, he continued his research and development, and eventually achieved what everybody believed to be impossible. He actually created the first human clone. Unperturbed, initially, by the prospect of moral, religious and political rejection, he sought and found the support and backing of a number of extremely wealthy and influential people. He had not yet gone public with his process, as it was still not completely perfected. But as he sensed the opposition mounting, he decided to take his work ‘underground’, knowing that there were serious amounts of money to be made from a successful conclusion to his research.
We now come to the point, ten years ago, when I decided to do what a lot of eccentric millionaires do. I said ‘farewell’ to public life, and became a recluse. In reality, I had gone ‘underground’ myself, because I could see that Simms was becoming a dangerous man.
Someone once said ‘A little knowledge is dangerous’. Well, Simms was on the brink of developing a method to make all knowledge available, to anyone, who could afford it.
How dangerous might that be?
Simms had gone power crazy. He thought that he would become a god, with the power to grant eternal life, to those who could afford it. He became obsessed with the belief that he could develop a memory implant, on which it would be possible to preserve memories, much like a flash card. On the death of the recipient of the implant, the memories could be uploaded into the cloned brain of the deceased, or used in a transplant. Not only this, but Simms would have the ability to upload into these brains, any information at all.
Taking it to its ridiculous conclusion, it would render schools, universities; all places of learning or training, obsolete. Because the capacity to learn; all knowledge, intelligence, could be artificially uploaded into your implant. It would only be affordable by the ultra-rich, and it was only a matter of time, perhaps only a short time, before the technology became available. By the same token, it would only be a matter of time before the technology fell into the wrong hands, and the potential for everybody to become their own extremely powerful computer would be a reality.
Without realising it, as far as we know, Simms’ technological advances could trigger a process that would destroy the world as we know it.
One small example to illustrate this: What if everyone in the world possessed the know-how to build a nuclear device? Not only that, but, also the intellect and abilities to come by the means to fund it? Or even… God forbid… deploy it…?
What if you upset someone? What might the potential consequences of that be?
We had to put a stop to it, because despite the defects in Simms’ early attempts at cloning, he was actually getting closer to perfecting his process, before greed distracted him, and he turned his attention to focus on real human weaknesses, in order to amass his fantastic wealth.
But, as I said, his processes were not yet perfected, and his first clone had a fundamental defect.
The cell structure was flawed, and as mitosis, or cell division, occurred, the new cells were mutating, causing a ‘cancer’, which killed the clone in approximately three months.
As he continued his research, he found that this cell mutation only applied to fully developed clones or body parts. Cloned embryos implanted into a host or surrogate womb, developed normally, and survived. Their ‘mothers’ were poor African or Asian women; paid for carrying the ‘secret babies’, and to return home with their ‘children’. The progress of these cloned children was closely monitored by Simms, and we have learnt that all are alive and well, although their identities, if they have any, are unknown, as are those of their ‘mothers’.
Satisfied with the ‘natural’ cloning process, Smith then dedicated his research to discovering exactly where and why the mutation in fully developed clones was occurring. He had his work cut out; the ‘cancer’ took several forms. In some cases it would leave the body covered in wart-like growths; in others, it would retard or speed up cell development, producing dwarfs, giants, bodies that were incredibly obese, or impossibly thin. 
But, try as he might, Simms was unable to identify where he had miscalculated, or indeed, exactly what it was that was causing the cell mutation.
Eventually, he abandoned his research, which was incredibly expensive and time consuming. In order to get a return on his investment, he adopted the ‘cash from chaos’ principle. He had been involved with a number of people who had made their money in various illegal ways; most notably sex, drugs and gambling. One of these people, a producer of pornographic movies, convinced him that his ‘mutants’ were ideal subjects for a new kind of reality sex show he had been planning.
With the support and backing of a number of extremely wealthy and influential people, he had already launched another project his company had been developing; Ubiquity. It was only accessible through Biometric subscription, which employed a version of the Securisuite operating system, which meant that not only were all data it held absolutely confidential, but it was exclusively for the very rich. This also meant that, although there were never any forms to fill in, the number of people using the system could be closely monitored. Not only how many, but also exactly who they were!
Unknown to Simms, their use of Securisuite, also meant that Securisoft were able to monitor them and develop a ‘clone’ of their own; a computer programme that emulated and reported their use of the system.
Unfortunately, they are so well protected, both by who they are, and by how much money is behind them, they can continue operating, virtually anonymously, and totally undetected by the use of conventional methods. For all intents and purposes, they are above the law. So far above, as well as beyond, the law in fact, that the law would be powerless to take action against them, even if they could discover their crimes, let alone find out who ‘they’ are.
But let me tell you why this insanity needed to be stopped.
Simms launched his own explicit sex show via Ubiquity, approximately two years ago. It started with the standard type of smutty sex movie features, but involving his mutant clones. As Ubiquity became increasingly sophisticated, these ‘blue movies’ developed into a reality game, where the clones would have to perform certain tasks, or duties, at the whim of the ‘interactive’ viewer. These whims could range from rape and sexual depravity, to extreme violence and mutilation; even death.
The audience was getting what it was paying for, and the clones were only a matter of weeks away from dying, anyway; this was perhaps the justification for the extremity of the ‘show’.
The motivation was, of course, money. How much would you pay to be able to do anything you wanted; absolutely anything, to another person or people?
The answer was and is: hundreds of thousands, even millions of dollars.
But it didn’t stop there. It became apparent that big-time gamblers could be attracted, by altering the format slightly.
The ‘show’ was turned into a game, where a number of ‘options’ were offered to the ‘players’. The mutants were neither literate nor numerate, and for all we know, completely oblivious to the horrific acts they were enduring. All but one of these options resulted in an act of extreme depravity, involving sex, violence, or death. There was one final option, which offered freedom, and an escape from this life of constant torture. This was how Simms was able to entice gamblers into taking part.
The whole object of the ‘show’ was to satisfy the most extreme fetishes of its audience, but by offering odds of one million-to-one, to those whose fetish was gambling, Simms managed to attract his target clientele, without ever having to spare even one of his clones.
Simms was well aware that despite the insistence of many gamblers that there is a ‘system’ to ensure consistent success, there are always those who only ever bet on the long-shot, because, although they always dream of the ‘big win’, they actually get a bigger buzz from the frustration of continuously losing.
Imagine the excitement and ultimately, the frustration, of betting on a donkey in The Grand National, and watching it come second by a nose.
The only word that describes this kind of obsession is ‘fetish’.
A fetish for frustration.”
Charles paused a moment before continuing.
“Now, let me get right to the point.
I am no longer prepared to sit and watch the likes of John Simms grow fat on the misfortune of others.
The efforts of the police and law enforcement agents have proved incapable of deterring these people. They have only served to make them more devious in their activities, and drive them underground. Now they are as far below ground as they can get, and even better protected than ever before, because, ironically enough, of the high-profile of their backers.
However, we now possess the means of weeding them out. Not exposing them, because they are so well hidden, but finding them, for sure, and putting them out of business for ever.
This is where, gentlemen, the three of you come into the equation.
By choosing, or calculating, the combinations to my ‘cell’ doors, what you did was initiate an irreversible process, whereby a ‘cloned’ computer programme, developed by my team of experts, is infiltrating Smith’s computer system’s mainframe and not only corrupting and eventually, destroying it, but also draining his company of its cash and assets. As I have already stated, this could not be achieved using more conventional ‘detective’ work. Collating evidence, and handing it over to the police, in order that they may arrest and convict the ringleaders, would prove futile. The people involved are so ‘important’, so far above the law, so far out of reach of the law; in fact, totally immune. Besides, all the angles are already covered; the clones, in law, cannot be regarded as real people. They have no identity; they do not officially exist, and there is no way of proving any of the crimes that these criminals have committed. The organisation is more secretive than the Masons. So, people who cannot be identified, cannot be convicted, arrested, or even suspected of crimes against ‘non existent’ victims.
It was only Simms’ previous involvement with Securisoft that led to the discovery of what we know today.
When we originally conducted our research on you, we were looking for three men who matched certain criteria.
Since the year two thousand and six, the advent of Biometric passports, which, as you are aware, contain a method of confirming the identity of the holder, using a simple retina scan, has tightened security in a very effective manner. Biometrics has also been introduced in a variety of other applications, employing various, more complex techniques.
We were looking for three men who had never been involved in any Biometric identification processes. All three of you qualified. Bob and Jason, your last passports were issued prior to two thousand and six and Kevin, you do not even possess a passport. Bob has even spent most of the past ten years out of the country, where the technology could not touch him. That is no longer the case. None of you ever took up the option of  switching to Biometrics for your banking, insurance, driving licence, or even club memberships. Fortunately none of you have required any hospital treatment during the past five years. Now everyone in the European Union, must, by law, possess a national Biometric ID card. This law actually comes into effect from the end of this year.
When we scanned you, before the challenge commenced, we were able to use the information we collected to invent several different identities for each of you. We can continue to create multiple identities for you for as long as required, which means that we are able to gain you access to any computer system, anywhere in the world.
Again, you are under no obligation whatsoever. You can walk away now, with our sincere thanks, and one hundred thousand pounds the richer, as a ‘prize’ for completing the ‘challenge’. This cash is totally untraceable, and you were never here. We can prove our ‘ignorance’ of you, if it ever comes to that, but it won’t; it can’t.
What we plan to do, is create a ‘Task Force’, to eliminate the criminal element from the so called ranks of authority, throughout the world.
As increasingly more money becomes available to those who can obtain it, they are becoming increasingly involved in serious crime, in order to further increase their incredible wealth. And it is technology that is allowing them to do so. This kind of corruption is unacceptable. So, only one option remains for us. Fight fire with fire.
Your perfect anonymity makes you the perfect candidates for the task. Our plan is, that you three men, who have already demonstrated your ability to cope under pressure, and with your liberty severely limited, will become our ‘passport’ to undermining the world of high-level crime and corruption.
Our ‘backroom’ team of researchers is dedicated to developing new types of computer software, that are able to ‘crack’ any codes, barring unwelcome visitors from any computer system, and tracking all the intimate details of how they deploy their sophisticated encryptions, for the purposes of committing crimes.
However, because all of our identities are known, or can be discovered, we are unable to prevent these crimes; merely find out about what is happening, and how.
We have created identities for you, which are not only untraceable, but are also interchangeable. This means, not only can you freely enter these systems without being detected, but, using the information with which our hackers can and will supply you, you will be able to enter all the required data that will corrupt the corruptors’ systems, thus rendering them unable to operate, as well as stripping them of all their assets.
Your actions will be totally undetectable by anyone or any force, and you will be fully protected at all times. In fact, you will be operating under conditions very similar to those you have just experienced.
To help motivate you into making the right decision, we make this offer to you.
If you accept our proposal, the points tally, you totalled during the course of your ‘challenge’, will be converted to Pounds Sterling and split equally among you.  The total number of points you scored was, incidentally, seventy three million, eight hundred and ten thousand. I have added to this, a ‘bonus’ for completing the challenge. The ‘bonus’ is one point one nine million, bringing the final total to seventy five million pounds. That will mean you will each receive a total of twenty five million pounds. More of course will follow on the successful completion of future assignments.
But forget about the money for the moment.
Ask yourselves if you are up to this challenge.
You have each been given a new bank account that is operated using Biometrics, of course. The balance of these accounts is one hundred thousand pounds sterling. Go away and enjoy some of it. Think about our offer, and we will be in touch with you, at an appropriate time in the near future, to see if you have reached your decision.
Now, I have spoken at length, and covered a lot of ground, but I wanted you to hear the words from my own mouth. These words were being dictated to a software programme, and hard copies will be available for you to read shortly.
I must remind you that these items, and every item you have come into contact with in the farmhouse remain the property of Securisoft, and as such may not be removed from these premises.
I thank you all for listening so intently, and I’m so glad we had the opportunity to meet in person at last. I am confident that we will meet again, in the not too distant future.
In the meantime, enjoy the rewards you have worked so hard to earn.
Ron will help you with anything further you require, and will be available at all times once you have left this building. Arrangements for your return home will also be left in Ron’s capable hands.
I bid you all good day, gentlemen, until we meet again.”

Ron Parker stood up, and ushered the three friends, which was what they had become, and how they would refer to themselves and each other, now that the challenge was over, downstairs to the kitchen area, where bottles of Champagne were waiting for them, behind the locked door.

31. Happily Ever After?


Three men met in a quiet country pub. To be more precise, they actually re-united. This was their first such reunion. This particular night, they were celebrating their freedom; their imminent rise from obscurity, to almost unimaginable prosperity. Only a matter of hours had elapsed, since they were last together; only weeks since the first time they had met, but they were already close friends, and will remain so for the rest of their lives.
Bob, Kevin and Jason; three such distinctly individual characters, but three men with so much in common
They spent a cosy, relaxing couple of hours in the pub, exchanging pleasantries and engaging in small talk, while enjoying a pint or two of traditionally hand-drawn Real Ale.
They made a specific point of not revisiting the recent past, avoiding all mention of the incident that drew them together and the series of events that ensued.

###

About The Author


Stanski is the kind of guy who doesn’t do things by half measures.
For example, he’s the guy who went to Thailand in 1999, to see in the New Millennium.
He enjoyed it there so much that he decided to stay on for a while.
He didn’t return to the UK until October…

October 2010…!

Stanski began writing in earnest in 2005 while recovering from a motorcycle accident, in the northern city of Chiangmai, in which he sustained serious head injuries.

Find Stanski on Facebook
http://www.facebook.com/stan.ski.9

Examples of verse by Stanski can be found on his Blog, ‘Elephant Small’

Discover other titles by Stanski at Smashwords.com
Crawling Distance
In Decline
The Night Jasmine
The Fourth Millennium
Hotel 27
