
Coulson’s Wife
By Anna J. McIntyre

The beginning of the Coulson Empire, 1918: 

Mary Ellen’s father didn’t trade her for a house–exactly. Marrying the wealthy and handsome Randall Coulson is not something Mary Ellen wants to do, but being the obedient daughter she agrees to the marriage.

Randall Coulson wants Mary Ellen for one reason–to give him sons. He has no desire to form a bond of love or friendship with his young bride. His own heart is already taken. 

A bittersweet story of love, lies and family secrets, taking place during a turbulent period of American history, when the perception of women and their role in society changed in one woman’s lifetime.


Books by Anna J. McIntyre
THE COULSON SERIES
Coulson’s Wife (Book 1)
Coulson’s Crucible (Book 2)
Coulson’s Lessons (Book 3)
Coulson’s Secret (Book 4)
Coulson’s Reckoning (Book 5)


UNLOCKED HEARTS SERIES
Sundered Hearts
After Sundown
Sugar Rush
While Snowbound

HAUNTING DANIELLE SERIES
Haunting Danielle
Haunting Danielle, Book 1

Anna J. McIntyre


Coulson’s Wife
By Anna J. McIntyre

PUBLISHED BY:
Robeth Publishing, LLC
Copyright © 2013 B. A. J. Holmes, Anna J. McIntyre
This is a work of fiction.
Robeth Publishing, LLC, All Rights Reserved.
SMASHWORDS EDITION
Smashwords Edition License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Table of Contents
Description
The Coulson Series
Books by Anna J. McIntyre
Title Page
Copyright
Dedication
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Return to Coulson

To Elizabeth, because it was your favorite.


Prologue
After five sons, Sally Johnson Browning gave birth to a baby girl on July 4, 1900.  She named her daughter Mary Ellen. Sally and her husband Edward would have five more children, all boys. 
The dawn of the 20th century was a time of peace and prosperity for the country. The bloody Civil War had ended just 35 years earlier. The number of states in the Union had grown to 45 and Republican William McKinley was President. McKinley would not be president for long, as he would be assassinated the following year and replaced by Theodore Roosevelt. 
The average life expectancy for the white population was less than 48 years in 1900, and just 33 years for people of color. Men outnumbered women by over a million and a half, and their feeling of superiority was not limited to their sheer numbers. The fairer sex was banned from restaurants, clubs, saloons and voting booths. Admission to certain establishments was only allowed when the female was accompanied by a male chaperone.
Edward Browning was the unquestionable head of his household—as were other men from his generation. He worked over 55 hours a week to support his growing family, earning less than $600 a year. At the time, a pound of beef went for 10 cents, a dozen eggs sold for 12 cents, and a pound of coffee cost 15 cents. There were approximately 8,000 registered automobiles in the country and those cars had fewer than 150 miles of paved highways to drive on.
The electric icebox had yet to be invented, but the telephone, whose patent had been issued 24 years earlier, was bringing the world closer.
Chapter One

By the summer of 1918, the world was almost four years into what was termed the Great War.  The United States of America, now with 48 states, had been in the conflict for a little over one year. To conserve steel for the war effort, the United States War Industries Board asked women to stop buying corsets. Not only did the effort help liberate enough steel to build two battleships, it was a liberating moment for women.
In America, more and more states were giving women the right to vote. A new woman was emerging—one who dared to cut her hair, drove automobiles, sought financial independence through employment and no longer wore confining corsets. 
Some men welcomed this new woman, yet many were horrified and sought brides who were more traditional—and manageable.

“The girl is only seventeen,” William Hunter reminded Randall Coulson.
Randall, who sat perched on the leather wingback chair drinking a glass of brandy, waved his hand dismissively and took another sip of the amber liquid. From his chair, he watched his business partner pace back and forth in the parlor. William was obviously annoyed with Randall’s announcement. Lace curtains, disturbed by May’s evening breeze, fluttered inward from the opening and barely touched the side of William’s right, and then his left arm as he paced the room in a fit of agitation.
Twenty minutes earlier, he’d stopped by Randall’s Philadelphia estate to welcome his friend home after a business trip to their plant in Virginia. He didn’t expect to be greeted with news of an impending marriage with a girl who was practically a child.
“Seventeen is a respectable age for a girl to marry. And good lord, man, sit down. You’re making me dizzy!” 
“I don’t want to sit down!” In spite of his protest, William sat in the empty wingback chair. Randall chuckled and then reached out and picked up a second glass of brandy that sat on the small oak table separating the two chairs. He handed it to his longtime friend and business partner, who took it without comment. William promptly downed half the contents from the glass.
“Why are you so upset that I’m marrying this girl? I’ll be thirty next year; it’s about time I start a family. You should consider it yourself, you know. You’re older than me and not getting any younger.”
“I’m all for you marrying, but good lord, marry a woman, Randall, not a girl!”
“I really don’t see what you’re so upset about. My grandmother was fifteen when she married my grandfather.”
“Times are changing, Randall.”
“Exactly, and that’s one reason I chose this girl. She hasn’t cut off all her hair and raised the hem of her skirt like so many young women are doing these days.”
“I can’t believe you want to marry the Browning girl because of the length of her hair and skirt. And you have to admit, there is something very appealing about a Castle bobbed dame.”
“A doxy you mean, which might be an entertaining diversion; definitely not suitable as a wife. I’m not about to marry some silly broad who thinks she should have the right to vote; who believes she is in some way equal to a man.”
“They are getting the vote, you know. In many places they already can.”
“I suppose you’re right.” Randall let out a sigh, finished his drink, and then set the glass on the side table. “But I intend to marry a woman who’ll vote as I tell her to. Mary Ellen seems like a most sensible young thing.”
“And how does she feel about being your wife?”
“She’s a proper young woman who’ll obey her father, and when married, she’ll obey her husband. I’ve barely spoken to the girl. But it’s all been arranged with her father.”
“Randall, why this girl? There must be countless young women who’d be thrilled to be your wife, and would obediently vote as you say. Why drag some innocent from the hills of Virginia here?”
“It’s quite simple, really. I want sons. Browning’s wife has given him ten sons. Have you seen Browning’s wife?”
“Yes. She’s amazingly lovely, and still has a trim figure.”
“Exactly. Women who’ve birthed that many brats typically have hips broad as a barn and breasts that fall to their waist. If I’m to be chained to a wife for eternity, I’d prefer she be someone whose body does not repulse me. But I also want sons. She looks just like her mother, so I suspect she’s like her mother in other ways too.”
“You are a romantic,” William sardonically quipped before emptying his glass and depositing it back on the table with Randall’s.
“This war won’t last forever, William. It’s made us rich men, but before it ends, we need to be prepared for the transition. I can’t waste my time courting some silly girl. I’d rather have this matter settled and hopefully I’ll have a son within the year.”
“Browning’s sons, the older ones, aren’t they all overseas?”
“They all enlisted last June. From what I understand, their mother wasn’t thrilled, and I suppose for good reason—the eldest was killed last month.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.”
“Men die in war; that’s the reality of the situation. I suppose you and I should be grateful the war department needs what our company can produce more than they need you or me on the battlefield. But I really didn’t know him, or any of the brothers.”
“I suppose you’ll get to know the rest of them since they’ll be your brother-in-laws.”
“Oh please, William, don’t get all maudlin on me.” Randall stood up abruptly and snatched his glass off the table to go pour himself some more brandy. “I’ve already made it very clear to Browning what I expect of this arrangement. Mary Ellen will be allowed to visit her family once a year, if she so wishes. But they won’t be welcomed here. I’m procuring a wife, not a bunch of hillbilly relatives.”
“And Browning was good with that?” William watched him refill the glass. Although Randall had been his friend since they were children and business partner since they reached maturity, the man could sometimes be such an ass. William pitied poor Mary Ellen.
“Why wouldn’t he? As soon as the wedding vows are exchanged, his family moves into a newer, larger house I’ve purchased for them. Most generous of me.”
“I wouldn’t boast about this little transaction of yours. You’ll have suffragettes camping on your doorstep.” 
Randall only shrugged in response before sitting back down.
“Are they at least coming for the wedding?”
“Good lord, no. The girl will be arriving June 2, chaperoned by Browning’s older sister. I met the woman when I was back there. She’s one reason I felt confident this would work.”
“How so?” William picked up his glass and started to take a sip before realizing it was empty. Instead of refilling the glass, he set it back on the table and waited for his friend’s response.
“She’s a handsome woman. I believe she is—or was—a school teacher. Everyone in that family knows how to read and write. I want a traditional wife, but not a stupid one. I want a manageable wife who’s pleasing to look at and capable of producing sons but she must be able to fit in socially.  With a little training, I’m confident Mary Ellen will manage fine.”
“When is the wedding? I always thought the bride’s parents handled that sort of thing.”
“We’ll be getting married as soon as she arrives. I was hoping you’d come over that day and be one of the witnesses. Her aunt can also serve as a witness.”
“You’re getting married here?”
“Yes. I’d prefer people to think I simply eloped with the girl. Sounds more romantic, which is always good for public perception, and I don’t have time for a formal wedding. Those things are always a foolish waste of money.”
“Oh yes, you are the romantic, Randall,” William scoffed. “Don’t you think your bride will want something a little special?” 
“I intend to adequately provide for her. She’ll have nothing to complain about. I think that is sufficient. She’s to be my wife, not my mistress.”
“Exactly what is that supposed to mean?”
“Men tend to spoil and pamper their mistresses. A wife is to be properly managed.  If you over-indulge your mistress, and she steps out of bounds, it’s fairly easy to show her to the door. But with a wife, it’s best to keep her well in hand, because if she does get out of control, she’s not quite as easy to dispose of.”
“I’m impressed with how much you know about managing wives and mistresses, considering you’ve had neither.” William chuckled and stood up to go refill his glass.
“But I do observe. So will you be here?”
“You mean to be a witness?”
“Yes.”
“I suppose so, but I wish you weren’t doing this.”
“Why?”
“Because,” William said as he returned to his chair with a full glass and sat down, “Mary Ellen Browning seems like a very sweet, unspoiled, and innocent girl.”
“You’ve strong opinions for a girl you’ve only seen, what, once—or twice?”
“Twice. The last time was this past summer. As you’ll recall the Brownings invited me for supper. Their daughter helped serve. She was quite lovely.”
“Good lord, are you smitten with my bride?” Randall laughed, sounding not a bit jealous.
“Of course not. I barely spoke to the child. And she is a child. But there was something very endearing about her. You’re too much for someone like that.”
“William, I’m not sure if I should be flattered or insulted.” Randall laughed then sat up a little straighter in his chair, flattered by his friend’s comment. Selecting a wife, in his opinion, was not much different than choosing a good hound or horse. While he hadn’t ridden a horse for years, as a teenager Randall often accompanied his father when selecting a new one for the stable. He believed a prospective wife should be examined with the same critical eye as when choosing a horse. A wife was another possession—one with a specific purpose—to give him sons.  
“I’ll stand by you on your wedding day. You know I will. I just wish you’d reconsider this particular match. She’s awfully young and innocent. What about Clare Taylor? She was quite smitten with you, and she looks fully capable of giving you your desired sons.”
“You know, I’m fairly certain that forty years ago I could’ve legally married a ten year old in this state.”
“That’s an appalling thought, Randall.” 
“Oh, I’m not saying I’d want to marry a ten year old. But once you see Miss Browning, you’ll realize she’s filled out quite nicely and is fully equipped to handle the duties as my wife. Hardly a child.
“As for Clare, the last time we were to go out, I went to pick her up and discovered she’d cropped off her hair. Looked scandalous. The next thing you know, she’ll be marching with the suffragettes.”
“How did you respond to her new hairstyle?”
“Oh, I suspect not what she wanted to hear. I told her I would not be taking her out in public looking like that, but she was welcome to come back to my home and spend the evening in my bed.”
“You didn’t!” 
“I certainly did. If she doesn’t respect me enough to not embarrass me when I take her out in public, then don’t blame me if I leave her in a fit of tears. If she chooses to behave like a doxy, she should expect to be treated as one.”
“Why haven’t I heard about this before? When did this happen?”
“The week before I left for Virginia, which is what gave me the idea to procure a wife from a more sheltered background.”
“What in the world did her father say? I would imagine he was furious with you.”  
“Don’t be ridiculous. He stopped by my office the next day and thanked me. I wasn’t the only one she embarrassed by her foolish behavior.”

Chapter Two

“Papa, please, don’t make me do this!” Mary Ellen pleaded with her father, who silently packed her trunk since she refused to do so. 
In the adjacent room, her mother sat quietly in the rocking chair, gently rocking back and forth, staring blankly ahead. Since hearing the news of her eldest child’s death, she had retreated into herself and refused to talk. Because of her self-imposed isolation, Sally Browning was unwilling—or unable—to speak up for her daughter. Instead, she silently mourned the loss of one child while she was about to lose another.
“Stop this, Mary Ellen. You’re a lucky girl that Mr. Coulson wants you for his wife.” Edward Browning angrily shoved his daughter’s meager belongings into the opened trunk.
“Are you really trading me for a house, Papa?” 
Browning paused from the packing long enough to reach over and backhand his daughter across her face, sending her stumbling to the floor. In the other room, the rocking paused for a moment and then resumed. Crouched on the floor, Mary Ellen began to sob.
“Your mother is no use to me now, girl. How am I to take care of this family, with her just sitting in there all day long?” 
“I can help you Papa,” Mary Ellen sobbed, rubbing her face, which still stung from the assault.
“The boys can take over your chores. It’s time for you to marry anyway, and even if Mr. Coulson didn’t so generously offer to move us into a better house, I would still insist on this match. Good lord girl, he’s a rich man. Do you really think you can do better finding a husband on your own? What’s wrong with him; isn’t he good looking enough for you?”
“I don’t even know him.” In truth, Randall Coulson was a very handsome man. That she could not deny. He was tall, even taller than her papa, with dark brown eyes and darker hair. He didn’t have a bulky physique like her father, but was lean and trim. A stylish man typically clad in snazzy silk suits, he wore his hair slicked back and she imagined the cost of his leather shoes would feed her family for a year. But he wasn’t an approachable man, not someone who she might engage for small talk; much less share a lifetime with.
In fact, she had never had a real conversation with Randall Coulson. She understood why she should be flattered. He and William Hunter owned the plant Ed Browning had been working at since it first opened eight years earlier.  
No longer crying, Mary Ellen got to her feet and faced her father.  An inexplicable wave of guilt washed over her. She regretted the careless accusation about trading her for a house. Not for a moment did she doubt her father would insist on this match even if it did not include a new home for the family. Mary Ellen Browning felt like a very ungrateful girl, especially considering the current condition of her mother.
“I’m sorry Papa,” Mary Ellen mumbled, tears filling her eyes again.
Edward Browning studied his daughter. For the past week, she’d been fighting against the marriage, and now it seemed she’d finally acquiesced. Perhaps I should have smacked her earlier, he thought. He would be sorry to see her go, considering she’d faithfully attended to her mother the last few weeks. He wasn’t sure how he would handle Sally, but he imagined having a new house—one that was paid for—would certainly help, and he could then afford to hire someone to tend to his wife.
Fortunately, he managed to keep Coulson away from Sally on his last visit. If Coulson suspected there was some mental illness in the family, he certainly would call off the match.  Browning hoped his wife would soon snap out of the depression, as it was wearing on his nerves. 
“Good girl.” Ed gave her a smile and reached over and patted her right arm. “Now you finish up packing, we need to leave for the train station within the hour.”
“Yes, Papa,” Mary Ellen said dully, watching her father leave the room. Silent tears streamed down her face. Sitting on the edge of the bed, she heard a door shut and suspected her father had gone outside. Perhaps he was going to pick up her aunt, who would be travelling with her to Philadelphia. Mary Ellen had never been to Philadelphia. She had never been outside of Virginia. Her only adventures and travels were through the books she read.
“Mary Ellen?” came a small child’s voice from the doorway. She looked up to see two of her younger brothers standing at the entrance to her bedroom. 
“Billy, where are your brothers?” Mary Ellen asked as the two edged their way into her tiny room. Being the only girl, she was afforded her own bedroom, which doubled as her mother’s sewing room. The brothers had long since learned they were not allowed in without an invitation, something they seemed to have forgotten; yet just this once, she did not mind.
“In the barn, finishing morning chores. We just passed Papa and he said you’re really leaving today. I thought he was just fooling us. Do you really have to go?”
“I guess so,” Mary Ellen said sadly as her two young brothers moved closer, standing by her side. Although the boys were both the same height, Billy had just turned eight, while Johnny was a year younger.
“But who’s gonna take care of Mama?” Johnny asked.
“Or cook for us?” Billy wondered aloud.
Instead of answering their questions, Mary Ellen stared at her two brothers. Aren’t you going to miss me? she silently asked. Her brief moment of self-pity ended when Johnny climbed onto her lap and gave her a hug, insisting he was going to miss her—Mary Ellen Browning, his big sister.
Her other brothers, those who hadn’t gone off to war, finished their chores and came to say goodbye before she was taken to the train depot with her Aunt Rachel. There were tears, even a few from her mother who seemed to finally grasp that her only daughter was leaving home. Yet aside from giving Mary Ellen a brief hug and kissing her on the cheek, Sally did not ask her daughter to stay and seemed accepting of the girl’s fate.
 At the train station, Edward awkwardly patted his daughter’s shoulder, kissed her forehead, and told her to be a good and obedient wife and to attend church every Sunday. 
“Will you write me, Papa, and let me know how you all are?” Mary Ellen asked as she started to board the train.
“I suspect I’ll be all too busy to write, considering your mother’s condition. But I imagine you mother will write when she’s feeling better.”
• • • •
“Are you alright dear?” Aunt Rachel asked Mary Ellen a half hour later. The two women sat side by side in the train car as it rolled bumpily down the tracks.  Neither woman had spoken since boarding the train, each lost in her own personal thoughts.
“I’m just nervous, Aunt Rachel. I don’t really know Mr. Coulson, yet I’m to be his wife.”
“Has your mother talked to you,” Rachel lowered her voice so the other passengers wouldn’t overhear, “what goes on between a husband and wife?”
“Yes, Mother explained things to me when Gertrude got married last spring.”
“Your mother’s niece?”
“Yes. Aunt Bertha and Uncle Harvey’s oldest daughter.”
“Oh, I remember. Bertha was a sweet girl, looked a great deal like your mother.”
“Yes, I’ve seen pictures of her. Uncle Harvey’s last wife died a few months before Gertrude’s wedding.”
“Harvey did have bad luck with his wives. She was his third, wasn’t she?”
“She was, which is why it fell on my mother to explain things to Gertrude.”
“Makes sense. I can’t imagine Harvey having that talk with Gertrude.”
 “Mother decided to tell me at the same time, I guess she figured she’d get it out of the way all at once.”
“So you understand then, what is expected of you?”
“I—I suppose so. But it all sounds so strange, and mother says it will hurt at first. It all seems very embarrassing.”
“It’ll help if you close your eyes,” Rachel suggested. 
“Close my eyes?” Mary Ellen didn’t want to admit she was rather curious about what a grown man looked like with his clothes off, yet suspected the lights would be turned off so she probably wouldn’t see anything anyway. 
“And I have something that might help you. I prepared it after Edward told me you were getting married,” Rachel confided. She reached into the handbag sitting on her lap and pulled out a small glass mason jar and handed it to her niece. Mary Ellen took the jar and looked at it curiously. It appeared to holding some sort of thick liquid.
“Before you go to your husband, to—you know—you’ll want to wash up and put on your nightgown,” Rachel whispered. “Don’t wear anything under the nightgown, instead—well apply this, well—down there. It will make it all less uncomfortable.”
“Mama never told me about this before.” Mary Ella frowned, then slipped the jar into her own handbag.
“Well dear,” Rachel said as she patted Mary Ellen’s knee, “there are a few things I know that would quite shock my dear brother and your mother.”
They were silent for a few moments when Mary Ellen asked, “Do you think Mama will get better? It’s like she isn’t even there.”
“Losing Ed Junior was quite a shock for the poor dear. I do believe he was always her favorite.”
“But Papa and the boys need her. She has to get better.”
“Give her time, dear. I promise to look in on her frequently when I return home. And I’ll write you.”
“I’d appreciate that, Aunt Rachel. And I also appreciate you coming with me. I don’t know what I’d do if I had to make this trip alone. Will you be staying long?”
“I’m afraid not. From what I understand, when we arrive in Philadelphia we’ll go directly to your fiancé’s house.”
“Fiancé—that sounds so strange.”
“The ceremony will take place when we arrive, and I’m to be a witness.”
“You mean I’m going to be married today?”
“Of course, didn’t your father explain?”
“No, not really.”
“I’ll be taken back to the station after the ceremony, and head back home.”
“Can’t you stay a while?” Mary Ellen pleaded.
“I’m afraid not, dear. Edward made it very clear that I must return this evening.”
“Then that must mean—tonight—Mr. Coulson expects me to perform my wifely duties tonight.”
“Yes dear.” Rachel patted her niece’s knee again. “Just remember to close your eyes and use the ointment I gave you, and you’ll get through it with minimal discomfort.”
“I think I’m going to be sick,” she said dully.
“Nonsense. Women have been performing their wifely duties since the beginning of time.” Rachel studied her niece for a moment. 
“Dear, by any chance is it your time of month?” 
Mary Ellen blushed at the question and shook her head no, and whispered the date her menstruation had last stopped. 
“Do you understand that if you chart such things, it’ll help you determine if you’re with child, when that time comes?” Rachel asked, not certain how much her niece really understood about these delicate matters.
“Yes, mother explained.” Mary Ellen studied her folded hands that fidgeted nervously on her lap.
“And you have been charting yours, I assume?”
Mary Ellen nodded in the affirmative, still looking down.
“Are your cycles fairly regular? Do you start about the same time each month?”
Mary Ellen nodded again, wishing her aunt would cease asking such embarrassing questions. However, Rachel Browning Spencer had a reputation for saying what was on her mind, regardless of social protocol. In some ways Mary Ellen was a little surprised her father had asked his sister to accompany her on the trip, considering there was no guarantee Aunt Rachel wouldn’t say something that might offend Mr. Coulson. Yet there was really no one else he could ask.
“I’ll tell you a little secret,” Aunt Rachel whispered.
“What is that?”
“If you allow yourself to grow fond of your Mr. Coulson, you might actually find pleasure in the act.”
“Really? That certainly isn’t how my mother explained it.”
“Yes dear, but your poor mother is married to my brother.” Aunt Rachel patted her niece’s knee again, leaned back in the seat, and closed her eyes to take a short nap, satisfied she’d given the young bride all the tools necessary to successfully start her new life with a man she barely knew.

Chapter Three

Pulling the gold pocket watch from his vest’s pocket, William Hunter flipped open the timepiece. The train had already arrived and passengers were unloading. Glancing down at the face of the watch, he calculated when he might make it back to Coulson’s estate.  Randall should be the one meeting his bride, he told himself. Yet somehow, Randall had convinced William to pick up the women and bring them back to the estate for the brief ceremony. 
Shaking his head in disgust, William closed the watch and tucked it back into his vest pocket while watching the passengers unload. Either the bride wasn’t on the train or she wasn’t anxious to get off the car. Passenger after passenger walked down the steps, each clutching onto the iron handrail to avoid a misstep.
After watching countless passengers disembark, an elderly man slowly made his exit from the car and William expected to see Mary Ellen and her aunt behind him. Yet there was no one. It appeared that all passengers had gotten off the train. William wondered if Mary Ellen had convinced her aunt to get off at another stop, for he knew she had boarded the train that morning.
About to turn away and return to Coulson’s estate to inform Randall the bride had fled, he paused when he spied two more passengers emerging from the train. It was Mary Ellen and her aunt. Instead of rushing to meet them, he took a moment to observe the pair as they made their way down the car’s steps, each carrying a hat and handbag in one hand while using the other to hold onto the handrail.
Randall was correct, William begrudgingly admitted to himself. Mary Ellen Browning no longer looked like a child. The blue-gray ankle length skirt accentuated her tiny waist. He imagined he could easily wrap his large hands around her middle, with his opposing thumbs touching on her belly side and the tips of his fingers meeting at the base of her back. The thought intrigued him and he felt something stir under his britches, causing him to shift his weight in an attempt to dispel such unwanted bodily responses.
She wore a pale blue, long sleeved blouse tucked neatly into the waistband of the skirt. Dark blue lace trimmed the cuffs and neckline of the fitted blouse. Her figure was trim, yet did not lack curves and he found her generous bust line a surprise. She had definitely changed since the last time he had seen her.
Her long dark hair was not cut to accommodate bangs. Instead, that portion, with strands along the side of her face, was pulled back and secured with a bow. The length of her hair fell at least six inches past her shoulders. The hairstyle was almost girlish. He wondered briefly if she would take to wearing her hair up in a bun once she was married. He hoped not.
The moment they stepped completely from the train, both women placed their hats atop their heads, adjusted the fit slightly by wiggling the headgear to and fro, and then looked around for whoever was there to greet them.
It was the first time he’d seen her aunt, and he again agreed with Randall; she was a handsome woman. He estimated she stood about five-feet-five-inches tall, several inches shorter than her niece did. The two looked nothing alike. Rachel Browning Spencer was a voluptuous widow in her mid-forties, with blonde hair worn stylishly in a bun atop her head. Although her ankle length dress was a conservative cut, it could not conceal her shapely figure. 
Taking a deep breath, he decided it was time to approach the women and get on with the unsavory arrangement. Mary Ellen looked his way as he started walking in her direction. By her expression, it was obvious she recognized him. Her full lips curved into a welcoming smile and he wondered what it would be like to kiss those soft lips. 
Where did that thought come from? William wondered. He told himself that was a shameful thought to have about his best friend’s fiancée, even if said friend was not in love with the girl. Instead of mustering a sufficient amount of regret for his inappropriate thought, he cursed himself for not coming up with Randall’s idea first. It was time he married, and he could certainly afford to buy old man Browning a new house. 
That girl is just seventeen! he reminded himself. A seventeen-year-old woman, ready for the marriage bed. William groaned. You are as bad as Randall! he silently cursed himself.
“Mister Hunter, hello. I didn’t expect to see you here,” Mary Ellen greeted sweetly, offering her hand. William accepted and gave it a brief squeeze, then released it and gave a nod of greeting to the aunt.
“Miss Browning, it is so nice to see you again. I assume this is Mrs. Spencer?” William said, tipping his hat in greeting to the older woman.
“I expected Mr. Coulson to meet us,” Rachel said. “You are here for us, I assume?”
“Yes, Mr. Coulson had some last minute business he had to attend to. I’ll be taking you both to his home. I assume you have luggage?”
“Yes, one trunk,” Mary Ellen said, looking up into his face. William froze a moment, captivated by the innocent blue eyes staring up at him. The impulse to steal a kiss from her was almost impossible to resist, but he managed to do so.
• • • •
Mary Ellen recognized William Hunter immediately. He’d left quite an impression on her when he came to the Browning home for supper the previous year. Taller than Randall Coulson, Hunter’s shoulders were broader than his business partner’s and she wondered briefly how he might look without a shirt. The scandalous thought made her blush. Like his business partner, he did not wear a mustache.
His eyes were blue like hers, yet a deeper color, she thought. While both business partners were handsome men, William Hunter always seemed to be smiling, which Mary Ellen liked. Randall Coulson rarely smiled. She recalled how William gently teased her when she helped her mother serve dinner. It was as if he wanted to put her at ease. Randall Coulson seemed to be constantly inspecting her person, as if he was looking for some flaw. But Randall Coulson wanted to marry her, so perhaps she had misjudged him. Would a man wish to marry a woman that he felt was lacking? she asked herself.  
Within a half an hour, they had retrieved her trunk and loaded it in the back of the motor car that waited to take the three to the Coulson estate. Mary Ellen said very little, lost in her own private thoughts while her aunt and fiancé’s business partner chatted away making small talk, as they got into the vehicle and began driving toward her final destination.
I am getting married today! Mary Ellen reminded herself as she looked out the car’s window and watched the sights of Philadelphia whiz by. She’d never been to the city before, yet she was paying little attention to the scenery. Under other circumstances, she would be eagerly soaking up the new sights. Instead, her stomach churned and she prayed she would not vomit when she arrived at Randall Coulson’s doorstep.
I am getting married to a man I don’t know, Mary Ellen told herself. For days, she had been resisting this fate. She had cried and pleaded with her father, and he would not budge. She did not finally acquiesced because her father slapped her, but because she eventually realized she had no choice in the matter. Her fate was inevitable. Growing up, she had been taught her duty as a daughter was to obey her father, and as a wife, she must obey her husband. Yet for some reason, the thought of obeying a man she barely knew troubled her. 
Maybe moving into a new house will help Mama. Ultimately, it all came down to her mother, who seemed to be lost in grief. Mary Ellen told herself she would obey her father’s wishes to ease her mother’s burden. 
She remembered how her mother cried when her older brothers went off to war, and how the family prayed every night to keep them safe. 
“This is it!” William called out cheerfully, pulling into a long brick paved driveway. It led to an impressive three-storied mansion situated some distance from the street, which afforded the home’s residents a measure of privacy. 
Mary Ellen’s eyes widened at the sight. I’m going to live here? While her family did not live in poverty as did many of her neighbors in Virginia, and the Brownings were considered prominent members of their small community, seeing Coulson’s estate made her feel like one of her backwoods neighbors. She was terrified.
• • • •
William stopped the car and glanced in the back seat where Mary Ellen was sitting. Her expression of sheer terror momentarily stunned him. He couldn’t help but feel sorry for the poor girl. Within an hour, she would be married to Randall Coulson and her aunt would be taken back to the train station, leaving her all alone. He knew Randall would not hurt her, but he wasn’t confident the man would use much finesse claiming his marital rights when he was alone with his bride.
Rachel immediately exited the car and wandered over to a side garden to admire the colorful blossoms while her niece continued to sit in the backseat. She assumed Mary Ellen was waiting for William to open the car door and Rachel wasn’t about to waste her day by sitting in the passenger seat a moment longer, since her time in Philadelphia was limited.
William turned around in his seat and faced Mary Ellen, who sat quietly, staring at the intimidating estate.
“It’s going to be all right,” William assured her, his voice soft and soothing. Mary Ellen’s gaze flashed up into his face; she hadn’t realized he had been staring at her. The two sat together in the parked vehicle.
“Am I?” she asked, her voice low and steady.
“I imagine you’re nervous. I understand this engagement was rather—sudden.”
“No one asked me if I wanted to marry Mr. Coulson.” The moment she said the words she regretted them. 
“Please don’t tell him I said that!” she blurted, sounding frantic. William reached over the seat and patted her hand.
“I promise, I won’t say anything. But I already suspected that. You know, if you really don’t want to do this, I can take you back to the station and buy you a ticket home.” 
“When you said it’s going to be okay, what did you mean?”
“I know Randall can be a bit intimidating, but he’s not a bad man. I don’t believe he would ever physically hurt you, he isn’t like that. But I’ll warn you, he tends to say exactly what he thinks, even if it’s something that might hurt someone’s feelings and is best left unsaid.”
Mary Ellen didn’t respond immediately. Finally she took a deep breath and seemed to relax.
“So if I ask him how he likes a new dress, he won’t necessarily flatter me?” she asked with a shy smile.
“No, I definitely would not anticipate much flattering from your new husband—even if he finds your dress attractive.” William chuckled. He opened his car door and got out, then helped Mary Ellen from the vehicle.
“But I promise to shower flattery on you when I come to visit—and I am often here.”
“Oh my, but what will my husband think?” Mary Ellen teased, too naïve to realize she was flirting with her fiancé’s attractive business partner.
“Then we won’t tell him, it will be our secret.” William laughed, fully aware that he was flirting with the pretty, young and engaged Miss Mary Ellen Browning.

Chapter Four

“How is your fish?” Randall asked, glancing up from his plate. 
“It is very good, thank you.” Mary Ellen answered, feeling both awkward and shy.  
Aunt Rachel had departed immediately after the wedding ceremony—which took place within thirty minutes of their arrival. The young bride had only enough time to be seen to her new bedchambers where she was allowed to freshen up before hurriedly returning downstairs to exchange vows with Randall Coulson. The Justice of the Peace departed immediately after performing the service, with William and Rachel saying their goodbyes minutes later. 
Mary Ellen understood William was taking her aunt back to the station so Rachel could catch the next train back to Virginia. While she regretted her aunt’s hasty departure, she especially hated to see William Hunter leave, as she felt less anxious in his presence. He made her feel safe.
The cook prepared a wedding supper for the couple, which was served in the formal dining room. Instead of sitting on the opposing ends of the long table, as the host and hostess might do for a dinner party, the newlyweds sat on one end of the table, facing each other. The width, instead of the length, of the table separated the couple.
Mary Ellen noticed her new husband did not seem a bit nervous, yet she reminded herself she had more than enough nervousness for the two of them.
“I assume you found your room acceptable?” 
“Yes, it’s very lovely, thank you.” Mary Ellen reached for her glass of wine and took a sip. She had never had wine before, yet chose not to point that out to her new husband.
“My room is down the hall from yours but I enjoy my privacy, so I would prefer any marital visits take place in your room. I’m a very busy man and need a good night’s sleep, therefore I expect you not to disturb me when I’m in my room.”
Does this mean we don’t sleep together? Mary Ellen asked herself, yet was too nervous to voice the question. Her parents shared a bed, and she assumed most couples did. Of course, the people she knew didn’t have the luxury of having extra rooms—or extra beds. 
“Certainly,” Mary Ellen responded, somewhat confused.
“I think it best if you spend the next few weeks getting acclimated to your new role as my wife. I understand this was all very sudden for you, and considering your age, I think it best if we ease into this arrangement.”
Does this mean he will not come to my bed tonight? Oh, please mean that!
“Mrs. Parker has been running this household for a number of years now, and I see no reason to trouble you with its management, since it’s already in capable hands. Perhaps in a month or so, when you settle in, you might make some menu suggestions. But for now, I think it best for everyone if you simply observe.”
“Whatever you say, Mr. Coulson.” Mary Ellen took another sip of wine. 
“While there is something charming about a wife calling her husband by his surname, I suppose it would be best if you call me Randall.”
Mary Ellen nodded and flashed him a weak smile, then took another bite of her fish. She wondered exactly what was expected of her. They ate in silence for the remainder of the meal.
“I’m feeling quite positive about this arrangement, Mary Ellen.” Randall announced as he finished his last bite of food and dabbed the corners of his mouth with a linen napkin. 
“I’m pleased to see you aren’t a chatty type. Had you felt the need to make annoying small talk throughout the meal, I’m afraid I’d choose to dine alone in the future. A wife capable of holding her tongue—giving her husband peace—is a very desirable trait. Yes, I’m quite pleased with my choice.”
He tossed the napkin on the table and stretched, his eyes focused on his nervous bride.
“Are you going to cry?” 
“Excuse me?”
“When I come to your bed tonight, will you cry? Did your mother prepare you for what’s expected of you?”
“I…I thought you wanted to wait?” Her queasiness returned.
Randall let out a laugh and then said, “No dear, I was referring to managing the household. Personally I’d like a son by the year’s end, and a baby will keep you occupied.”
Mary Ellen did not know what to say, so she just sat there, staring blankly at her husband.
“I’ve a big day tomorrow, so I don’t imagine it’ll take long. I’ll come to your room in let’s say,” he stood up, took out his pocket watch and looked at it briefly, “one hour. It would probably be easier if you prepare yourself for me and wait in your bed. If you wish to turn the lights off, that’s fine with me. I imagine it’ll make it easier for you, especially the first time.”
Mary Ellen said nothing, but continued to stare. Randall moved away from the table and looked down at his frightened bride.
“Do you understand, Mary Ellen?” Randall asked in a stern tone.
“Yes, sir. I’ll be ready in one hour.”
“Good girl.”
• • • •
Shafts of morning sunlight spilled through the lace curtain and woke Mary Ellen the next morning. Groggily she opened her eyes and for a brief moment forgot where she was. It came to her quickly, and without a hesitation her right hand reached beneath the covers and touched the spot under her nightgown that felt battered and bruised from the previous night.
She had been too embarrassed to apply the lotion before Randall came to her which she dearly regretted by the time he was finished. Tonight she would definitely rub the lotion on the injured area before he climbed into her bed.
The darkened room eased her embarrassment, even though it did not relieve her discomfort.  There were no sweet words or tender kisses before, after or during the consummation of their marriage. While she did not really know exactly what to expect, considering her mother’s description of the marriage bed was the condensed version, she had expected something slightly different.
Her husband of a few hours simply walked into the darkened bedroom without saying a word and pulled back the quilt covering his wife. She lay motionless on the mattress looking up toward the ceiling, wondering if she should be doing something.
Without saying a word, Randall pulled up the hem of his bride’s nightgown, exposing her skin to the night air, shoved a pillow under her bottom and climbed atop her. It was then she realized he was nude. Roughly, he pushed her legs apart and seemed quite intent on finding the opening between her legs. Once he located the spot, he forced his way in before repeatedly ramming his hard member inside her body.
It seemed to go on for hours, yet had she checked the time, she would have known the act took less than fifteen minutes. When he was done, he told her to expect him the following night at the same time. He left the room without saying another word. She saved her tears for when she was alone.
She was awake for less than ten minutes when one of the housemaids barged into the room and opened the curtains, letting more sunlight into the room.
“Mr. Coulson says you are to get up, you have a big day ahead of you,” the young girl chirped. “My name is Lily, and I’ll be taking care of you.”
“A big day? I’m afraid I don’t understand.” Mary Ellen sat up in the bed and pulled the quilt up around her.
“He’s ordered you a new wardrobe, and you’re to go to the fitting. But that’s after you get your hair styled proper-like. Then of course there are your classes with Mrs. Hanover.”
“Mrs. Hanover?” None of this made sense to Mary Ellen.
“From what I understand, Mrs. Hanover will help polish you up a bit.”
“Polish me up a bit?”
“You know, teach you all the things a lady needs to know, such as the proper usage of knives and forks, and how to walk like a lady.”
Mary Ellen frowned. I’ve been effectively and correctly using knives and forks since I was a small child. And guess what, I can even handle a spoon! Walk like a lady? Is she serious? He didn’t snatch some backwards hillbilly. Before she could respond a second house maid entered the room carrying a tray of food. Both women wore matching uniforms and crisply starched aprons.
The new bride didn’t feel like the mistress of the house the way the two young maids were ordering her around, pulling her from her bed and shoving her to the small table with the tray of food. Reluctantly sampling the breakfast, she warily watched the two maids remove her bed linens, giggling as they did so. By the time she finished breakfast they had remade the bed and were turning their attention to her. It was obvious they intended to dress her as if she was a small child.
“Stop!” Mary Ellen shouted as one maid started tugging on the nightgown, attempting to remove the garment. The two girls jumped backwards, away from the obviously agitated bride. 
“While Mr. Coulson as my husband may have some say in my daily schedule and wardrobe, I assure you—the household staff does not. I have been dressing myself for as long as I can remember, and unless I specifically request your help, do not presume to take it upon yourselves to dress me, drag me from my bed or force feed me breakfast. Do you understand?” Mary Ellen no longer sounded like a timid seventeen-year-old girl, but more like the determined lady of the house.
The two young maids, who were each at least eight years older than the bride, nodded their heads nervously, taken aback by their mistress’ authoritative tone. Neither knew Mary Ellen’s furor was stoked by days of frustration. She did not want this marriage. While she might have submitted to the will of both her father and husband, as she was taught a good daughter and wife must do, she did have her limit and she had just reached it.
Growing up as the only girl in a house with ten boys, she’d become a surrogate mother to her brothers, hardly a task for a timid soul. To survive, she learned to take a firm hand with her younger siblings and refused to take any nonsense from the older ones. Maybe she hadn’t taken a firm stand with her father and her husband, but she definitely would with the household staff.
Mary Ellen wasn’t sure if the two girls told their coworkers about the dressing down the new mistress gave them, but the rest of the staff treated her with respect befitting a woman in her position and did not presume to assert their control. Even Mrs. Parker came to her the next day—instead of waiting a month as Randall suggested—asking for her input on the next week’s menu.
During the first week of her marriage, Mary Ellen saw very little of her husband. He joined her for dinner each evening, and together they silently ate what the cook prepared for them. Each night at 8 p.m. he promptly came to her room, climbed atop her body and tried to make a son. After the first night, Mary Ellen began applying the lotion between her legs, and if Randall ever noticed, he didn’t say anything. 
She didn’t see William Hunter that first week; they had no visitors. None of the household staff were chatty, particularly not the two young women who greeted her the first morning. They silently attended to their tasks and only spoke to their mistress when absolutely necessary. Mary Ellen began to feel a little guilty for being so harsh with the two, and told herself she would need to talk to them so they could stop acting so frightened all the time. She knew how painful it was to be constantly frightened of someone. That was how she felt about her husband.
On her week’s anniversary, she sat down and wrote a letter to her Aunt Rachel.  In the letter she asked, Would you please send me the recipe to that lotion you gave me?
  
Chapter Five

“I can go instead,” William suggested. He sat alone with his business partner in the study of Randall’s home, waiting for dinner to be served. 
“You hate Chicago, and this deal is really my baby. It’d be best if you stay here and take care of things at the plant.” Randall handed William one of the two glasses of brandy he held, then sat in the empty chair next to his friend.
“You’re going to leave your bride alone for over a month? You’ve barely been married that long.”
“No reason to stay here. Mary Ellen’s with child.” Randall raised his glass in toast as he made the announcement, then took a sip of his drink.
“Congratulations,” William stammered, surprised at the announcement. “But are you sure?”
“Do you remember when Mary Ellen’s aunt asked to speak with me privately, before you took her back to the train depot?”
“Yes.”
“The woman urged me to give the girl time to adjust to her new home and to me, before consummating our marriage.”
“Really?” William doubted Randall took the aunt’s suggestion.
“I wondered briefly if Mary Ellen was in the midst of her woman’s monthly. I could see how that might prove embarrassing for the girl. But the aunt assured me that wasn’t the case and even told me when I should expect my bride to start again, which was two weeks ago.”
“How would her aunt know something like that?” William could not imagine engaging in such a conversation with a woman he barely knew. Even if he knew the woman well, it would be an awkward topic.
“I have no idea. I suppose women discuss these sorts of things. But the point is, Mary Ellen has not started her monthly, therefore she is obviously pregnant.”
“Has she seen a doctor?”
“Whatever for? Women have been having babies since the beginning of time. She can see a doctor when she’s farther along.”
William wondered what Mary Ellen thought about being a mother. He hadn’t seen her during her first week of marriage—aside from the wedding day. But on the second week he fell into old habits, which brought him to the Coulson estate every evening for supper. 
Each night he and Randall enjoyed a brandy in the study before joining Mary Ellen in the dining room for the evening meal. The young bride was silent throughout the dinners, and Randall made no effort to bring her into the conversation. William would typically greet her with a compliment—you look very lovely tonight—that dress suits you well—that color brings out your eyes, and then ask her a question or two about her day’s events. In spite of his effort, her conversation was minimal. However, she never failed to blush at William’s compliments. 
“Well, if you’re going to Chicago, I suppose I’ll have to make other dinner arrangements” 
“Don’t be ridiculous, William. There’s no reason to do that. Staff will continue to set a place for you at the dinner table—as usual.”
“I don’t think that would be proper, Randall.” 
“Proper? I’m counting on you to keep an eye on my bride. You’re the one constantly reminding me of her youthful naiveté. I’m not really sure I can trust her to take proper care of herself in my absence.”
“You want me to babysit her?” William chuckled.
“Of course not. But continue to have dinners here, and keep an eye on her. If you notice anything that needs attention, I trust you to take care of it. I also think she likes you and she may need your company while I’m away. She doesn’t converse with the staff much—which of course is not a bad thing—but women can get emotional during this time. I’ll just feel better knowing you’re keeping an eye on things for me.”
“Okay, Randall. I’ll babysit your child bride for you.”
“Oh, stop calling her that!” 
• • • •
Mary Ellen stood at her bedroom window and watched as her husband prepared to get into the motor car with William. Just as he got into the vehicle, he glanced up to her window and gave her a brief, impersonal farewell wave. He got into the car quickly and did not glance back up to the window, therefore he didn’t know his wife failed to return the gesture. She watched as the car pulled away from the house. William was taking Randall to the train station. Her husband was on his way to Chicago.
Still looking out the window, watching the car disappear down the drive, Mary Ellen brought her right hand to her belly, holding it there for a brief moment.  She smiled, glad to be free of Randall’s nightly attentions for a month, and wondered how he would react when he discovered she was not pregnant.
Turning from the window, she walked to the bed and sat on the edge of the mattress. It had been three nights since Randall announced he would be going to Chicago for a month—three nights since he told her she was carrying his child. She didn’t argue with him, in spite of the fact she knew he was wrong. Once he believed she was pregnant, he stopped coming to her at night and for that she was grateful. 
While her period was late, she was experiencing morning cramps, which she normally had a day or so before her monthly cycle. If she told him she wasn’t pregnant, he might cancel his trip and send William instead, meaning she would again be forced to endure his nightly visits.
She understood those visits would resume when he returned from Chicago, however, she desperately needed a temporary reprieve. She hated the way he touched her—used her. There was no tenderness, no softness. 
Their conjugal visits changed slightly after their first week of marriage. He continued to come to her bed each night, at precisely the same time. The room remained dark, lit only by whatever evening light managed to make its way through the bedroom curtains. But after Randall pulled down the bed sheets to uncover his wife, he gently turned her over onto her stomach, pushed a pillow under her belly and took her from behind. 
She found the experience humiliating. He never offered tender words, kisses or caresses. Each night, unseen tears slid down her face as she clung to a pillow, her cheek pressed against the mattress as her elevated bottom received her husband’s repeated thrusts. 
She wondered if it was like this for her mother—for all other women. Then she remembered what Aunt Rachel had said. It could be enjoyable. Mary Ellen didn’t know how that was possible. She hated everything about her marital duties, including her cold husband.
That evening, an hour before supper was to be served, Mary Ellen started her period. It was obvious her husband had shared his misinformation with some members of the staff, considering how the housekeeper and cook were clucking around her, delighted with their master’s news. Since she was not the one who spread the falsehood, she decided it would be Randall’s duty to tell them he had been wrong. While no one came out directly and discussed pregnancy, it was obvious they all believed they were sharing some grand secret.
But Mary Ellen had her own secret and she was determined to conceal the fact she’d just started her cycle, even if that meant burying the bloody rags in the wooded field behind the property. 
“Are you feeling all right?” William asked that evening as he sat down at the dinner table with Mary Ellen. The cook had just served the potato soup. Mary Ellen and William sat across the width of the table from each other, alone in the large dining room.
“You look a little pale.”
“I’m just tired,” Mary Ellen explained as she brought a spoonful of soup to her lips and gently blew on the hot liquid.
“Well, it’s not uncommon for a woman to be ill during these early days.”
Mary Ellen’s eyes flashed up and looked across the table to William. He told him. William thinks I’m pregnant. She closed her eyes briefly and took a deep breath. Did I expect he wouldn’t?
“I’m sorry, did I embarrass you?”
“No, I…well…I’m just surprised Randall has been so…so vocal with his news.”
“How so?”
“Apparently he mentioned it to some of the staff. I assume so, considering how several are hovering.”
“He’s just excited.” 
“Is he?” she snapped. William set his spoon on his plate and looked across the table at Mary Ellen, who was clearly agitated.
“Randall has always wanted children.”
“Sons, you mean. Sons. How will he react if I give him a daughter?” While she was not pregnant now, she imagined he would eventually impregnate her and there was no guarantee she would give him sons.
“I would adore a daughter. I’m sure Randall would too.”
“Have you ever heard him mention daughters?” She no longer sounded like the timid seventeen-year-old bride who’d married his business partner, but an angry woman who might be fully capable of throwing a punch if someone said something she disliked.
“Umm, no…but that doesn’t mean he wouldn’t love her.”
“Like he loves me?” Her comment took William by surprise and he sat there speechless for a few moments.
“Are you that unhappy?” he asked in a soft voice.
“You told me once your friend wouldn’t hurt me.”
“Has he hurt you?” What had Randall done to his innocent bride?
“I hate it. I really hate it!” 
“Has he hurt you?”
“I suppose not. No more than husbands have been hurting their wives for eternity, I suspect.”
“You’re saying you hate the intimacy a wife must share with her husband?” William knew he had no business asking such a personal and inappropriate question, yet he couldn’t help himself.
“We share nothing. He just takes!” Mary Ellen snapped, then she took a deep breath and told herself to calm down. “I’m sorry, that was very improper of me. Please, don’t tell Randall what I said.”
“No, of course not. But it was really my fault. I should never have asked such a personal question.”
“In fairness to Randall, he’s not cruel to me. And he has been most generous in providing me with a comfortable place to live, and I have beautiful clothes. But...well…I’m lonely, William. I have no friends…no family here. I have no one to talk to.”
“You always have me.” Reaching across the table he patted her hand as she was about to pick up her water goblet. She blushed at his words.
“You have been very kind, and I thank you for that.”
“Randall did say I was to look out for you. I think a car ride in the countryside would be good for you. Get you out of this house. How about I pick you up in the morning, after breakfast?”

Chapter Six

Lily stood in the hallway looking in the open doorway of Mary Ellen’s bedroom. Unaware of the maid’s presence, Mary Ellen was just about to dump the contents of one dresser drawer onto her bed.
“Can I help you find something, Mrs. Coulson?” 
Mary Ellen paused a moment and glanced up to Lily, who held a clean stack of linens. By the expression on the maid’s face, it was obvious she was stunned. The bedchamber looked as if someone had ransacked the room. Clean clothes were strewn across the unmade bed; items that had been stacked neatly in the closet were now dumped in disorganized heaps atop the clean clothes.
“Oh no!” Mary Ellen laughed merrily. “I just felt like reorganizing my room.”
“There’s no reason for you to do that, ma’am. Staff can see to reorganizing your things if you’re unhappy with how we’ve arranged it.”
“Lily, I understand you’re simply doing your job. But this is my room, and I’m used to a certain amount of privacy. In fact, I was planning to discuss this with Mrs. Parker during breakfast. From here on out, I’ll assume responsibility for maintaining my rooms. This means, household staff is not to come in here without an express invitation—from me.”
“Excuse me ma’am, but Mr. Coulson is quite fastidious with the housecleaning. He expects the linens to be changed regularly, the carpets regularly beat and…”
“Yes, yes, I understand that,” Mary Ellen interrupted. “I’m fully capable of taking care of two rooms. Staff can leave the clean linens on the table outside my door in the hallway, and I’ll place any soiled linens outside my door for you to pick up.”
“I don’t understand, Mrs. Coulson…” Lily mumbled, clearly confused.
“I want my privacy, Lily. If those towels are for me, please set them on the dresser and then you can leave. I’m sure Mrs. Parker has something for you to do. Oh, and please shut the door on your way out.”
• • • •
“You should have seen the room!” Lily told Mrs. Parker. The two stood in one corner of the kitchen while the cook was busy preparing breakfast.
“She’s just nesting, I suspect,” Mrs. Parker whispered, then glanced up to see if the cook was eavesdropping. 
 “I don’t understand.” Lily frowned.
“Women in her condition…you know…”
“Oh, do you think that’s it?”
“My sister did the very same thing when she was carrying her first child. Insisted on cleaning all the closets and the attic, had the entire house torn up. Of course, she decided to do that just hours before she went into labor. Seems our Mrs. Coulson is an early nester.”
“I suppose that explains it. But what are we to do? The room is an absolute mess! I don’t see how she’s going to get it put back together today. Shouldn’t we insist on helping her?”
Mrs. Parker chuckled. “Lily, haven’t you learned your lesson with her yet? Leave the girl be. If she wants to reorganize her room and make a mess, let her. She isn’t hurting anything. Mr. Coulson won’t be back for weeks, and I’m sure she’ll have it put together by then. It’ll keep the girl busy, and I’m sure she’s lonely, doesn’t know anyone here. Just leave her be.”
“I suppose…” 
• • • •
Mary Ellen stood in the middle of the bedchamber and surveyed the damage. Perhaps I overdid it, she thought and then began to giggle. She understood her impulsive act may not have the desired effect—it could backfire. What she wanted was to keep her husband in Chicago for the full month, as he initially planned. She desperately needed this time alone to figure out some way to deal with her new life. 
She hadn’t lied to Lily when she said she needed her privacy. She did. Each night when her husband visited her room she felt her privacy—and person—invaded in the most intimate and humiliating fashion.
What she feared was someone from the household staff telling him she was not pregnant—that she had started her monthly. He might cut short his business trip so he could return home to continue on his quest to make a son. 
If household staff kept barging into her room whenever they felt necessary, keeping track of what linens she used, surveying the missing rags in the closet or questioning the freshly washed rags in her private bath area, someone was bound to convey that information to her husband. 
She understood the conjugal visits would resume when he came home and discovered his wife was not yet with child. But she was determined to delay that return, and to do that, she needed to keep the household staff out of her bedchamber.
 The impulsive plan came to her when she woke up that morning and removed a clean rag from its neat stack in the cupboard. Even if she simply disposed of the soiled rags, instead of washing them—one of the nosy staff would notice the dwindling pile and they could easily determine what that meant. 
Now, if one of the staff happened to come into her room and looked in the cupboard and discovered the rags missing, they would assume she’d moved them somewhere while reorganizing. 
Glancing at the clock on the dresser, Mary Ellen realized she was going to be late for breakfast if she didn’t hurry up; the room would have to wait. William would be arriving soon to take her on the promised drive. Before going downstairs, she shoved several clean rags into her handbag.
• • • •
 “Would you please tell Mrs. Parker I’d like to speak to her?” Mary Ellen asked one of the maids as she sat down at the dining room table to eat her breakfast.
“Yes, ma’am. She’s in the kitchen, I’ll send her out.”
“Thank you.” Mary Ellen flashed a smile. Snatching a biscuit from her plate, she tore off a small piece and popped it into her mouth.
A few minutes later Mrs. Parker entered the dining room. 
“You wanted to talk to me, ma’am?”
“Will you join me for breakfast so we can chat a moment?”
“Thank you, but I’ve already eaten.”
“Perhaps some coffee then?” 
“Yes ma’am, if that’s what you’d like. I’ll fetch an extra cup.”
“That’s not necessary.” Using her empty and unused coffee cup, Mary Ellen poured the housekeeper a cup of hot coffee and slid it across the table to the older woman. 
“Shall I get you another cup?” The housekeeper offered before sitting down.
“No thank you. I’m really not much of a coffee drinker.”
Mrs. Parker nodded and sat down at the table.
“I imagine Lily’s told you I’ve my room pretty much torn up.”
“Yes.” Mrs. Parker smiled. “She did mention something about it.” 
“I wanted to reorganize my room. I don’t mean to offend the staff—you had everything put away so lovely—but, well, it wasn’t how I wanted it organized and since it’s my room. I hope there are no hard feelings.”
“No, of course not. But why don’t you let us help you? You can tell us just where you want things.”
“No!” Mary Ellen didn’t intend to blurt out the word so enthusiastically. She blushed and then took a deep breath before continuing. “No, I’d rather do it myself. Please don’t take this personally. But you see, I was raised with ten brothers. With a household full of curious and rambunctious boys, I learned to fight for—and treasure—my privacy. I simply don’t like other people going through my things—regardless of the intent. I know that may seem a little strange to you, but I hope you understand.”
“It’ll make it a little awkward for us to do our job.” Mrs. Parker hadn’t intended to voice her thought but she spoke before thinking. Hastily she added, “But of course, whatever you wish, Mrs. Coulson.”
“Like I told Lily, I’m perfectly capable of keeping my rooms clean. If there’s a problem with my husband when he returns, I’ll handle it.”
“Whatever you say.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Parker. Mr. Hunter’s taking me for a ride after breakfast. He tells me I need to get out of this house, so I’m afraid I’ll be leaving my room in a frightful mess. But I promise I’ll get back to it when I return. I’d just appreciate it if the staff would simply ignore it for the moment.”
“Certainly. And I agree, a ride would be good for you. It might be rather warm later this afternoon, but I imagine it should be nice this morning. Mr. William has always been a considerate young man.”
“Have you known him long?” Mary Ellen found it quaint how Mrs. Parker called him Mr. William, instead of Mr. Hunter.
“Yes. Actually, I’ve known both men—Mr. Randall and Mr. William, since they were young boys. I used to work for the elder Mr. Coulson.”
“My husband’s father?” 
“Yes.”
“I understand my husband’s parents were killed in a house fire.”
“Yes. It was when Mr. Randall was away at college. All very tragic. I was off that day and when I returned, the main house was burned to the ground. It was horrific, really. Mr. Randall lost his parents and both his siblings. Two members of the staff were also killed.”
“Oh, my goodness! What caused the fire?”
“Some sort of furnace explosion, I believe.”
“Was it on this property?” Mary Ellen had heard her father mention the house fire. She’d never discussed it with her husband.
“Oh no, it was in Kentucky.”
“I did wonder, since this house seems fairly new. I thought perhaps it was built on the same property.”
“No. The family was from Kentucky. The elder Mr. Coulson raised horses.”
“Really? But my husband doesn’t have any horses here.”
“No. Mr. Randall never cared for horses much. He was thrown when he was a young boy, and after that, he wanted little to do with them.”
“So Mr. Hunter is also from Kentucky?”
“Yes. He lived with his grandparents, neighbors of the Coulsons. From what I recall, his mother died of a fever when he was just a babe, and his father was in a carriage accident when returning from his wife’s funeral. He was the only child. His grandparents quite doted on him. His grandfather passed away a few years after the house fire, and his grandmother died a couple years later.”
“That’s all so sad. So my husband and Mr. Hunter were childhood friends?”
“Oh yes. Mr. Hunter is a little older than Mr. Randall, and when they were young boys, Mr. Randall had a healthy case of hero worship for Mr. William. He used to follow that boy like an eager puppy. Of course, don’t repeat that to your husband!”
Mary Ellen giggled. “I promise. But for some reason, I would have assumed it would be the other way around. My husband doesn’t seem like one who would succumb to hero worship.”
“Mr. Randall had a healthy growth spurt in his teen years, but as a boy, he was a small child. Mr. William was always a big boy, plus he was the older of the two. Early on, he fell into the habit of looking after Mr. Randall, like a protective big brother.
“Not meaning to speak ill of the dead, but the elder Mr. Coulson, well he was rather rough on his son. Was of the mind that sparing the rod spoiled the child. I’m afraid young Randall often found himself on the receiving end of an angry riding crop.”
“His father beat him?” While Mary Ellen’s father saw nothing wrong with giving one of his children a firm backhanding, he never used a whip or belt on them.
“I’m afraid so. But please, don’t discuss this with Mr. Randall. I just thought it might help you, to better understand him if you knew something of his past. He’s not the most talkative of men when it comes to personal matters. But he is a good man.”
“No, he isn’t talkative, at least, not with me. I promise, I won’t repeat what you’ve said.”
“Anyway, one day Mr. Randall failed to properly close one of the gates, in a rush was he to meet Mr. William. The day before he’d received a harsh whipping and his back was still raw. When his father caught up to him that day, he intended to give the boy a second whipping. Mr. William was there and lied to Mr. Coulson, told him he left the gate open, not Mr. Randall.
“Mr. Coulson was furious, said he couldn’t whip Mr. William but Mr. Randall would be punished for associating with such careless friends. Mr. William begged him to punish him instead, and promised he wouldn’t tell his grandparents.”
“Heavens, my husband’s father didn’t do it, did he?”
“Oh yes. My younger brother worked in the stable and witnessed the whole thing. Mr. Coulson was so enraged, he beat Mr. William even harder than he did his son. Mr. William took it and didn’t cry out, but my brother said he saw tears. From both boys. I think Mr. Randall had a lot of guilt over letting his friend take the beating. Especially since it was so brutal.”
“Did William ever tell his grandparents?”
“Not that I know of.”
“What was my mother-in-law like? Did she try to protect her son?”
“She was a quiet woman. I really don’t remember much about her. She had her hands full with the twins—Mr. Randall’s younger brother and sister were twins. They were the ones killed in the house fire.”
“Mr. Hunter is here for Mrs. Coulson,” Lily interrupted the conversation. She stood at the entrance to the dining room.

Chapter Seven

“It’s a lovely morning,” Mary Ellen noted as she looked out the car window and watched the landscape roll by.  Steering the motorcar down the drive, William glanced over at his passenger and smiled. She looked lovely this morning, wearing a crisp new lavender dress, her hair pulled back in a matching bow. 
“I was wondering, Mary Ellen, would you be up to going to a picture show later this week? Tarzan of the Apes is playing.”
“Oh my!” Mary Ellen looked at William, clearly delighted with the offer. “I wanted to see that movie, but my father wouldn’t let me.”
“Why not?”
“He said he didn’t want his daughter watching a movie where people are running around the jungle half naked.” 
William chuckled at her response.
“I read the book and am curious to see the movie. I discussed it last night with Randall, and he said you could go with me, if you want to.”
“You spoke to Randall?”
“Yes. Hasn’t he called you?”
“No. I really don’t expect him to. We never talk much when he’s here. But yes, I would love to go with you. I’ve also read the book. It’s actually one of my favorites.” Mary Ellen looked back out the car window and smiled, content for the moment.
Instead of responding, William silently considered the fact Randall was not making much of an effort to develop a deeper relationship with his young bride. He was treating Mary Ellen the same way the elder Mr. Coulson treated Randall’s mother. William cringed at the thought and told himself he must convince his friend to cultivate a deeper relationship with Mary Ellen.
“My father told me Randall’s parents were killed in a house fire. Did you know them?” She already knew the answer, but she didn’t want to betray Mrs. Parker’s confidence and she was curious to learn more about the man she married—and his best friend. William looked momentarily startled at the question, because he was silently thinking of the couple when Mary Ellen asked.
“Yes, we were neighbors. He also lost his brother and sister that day.”
“That must have been devastating to him, losing his parents and siblings.” Mary Ellen turned to face William, whose eyes were fixed on the road ahead.
“He was never close to his father. And his mother, well, she really didn’t pay much attention to him. But his younger brother and sister—they were twins—he seemed quite fond of them. Of course, they were much younger and didn’t spend a great deal of time with Randall. But losing his entire family in one day, it was rough.”
“But you were there for him, weren’t you?” Mary Ellen asked softly, already knowing the answer. She suspected William was always there for Randall, when he needed him.
“We were at different schools when it happened. I left for college a year before him. But my grandfather—I was raised by my grandparents—sent me a telegram, telling me about the fire. I came home that weekend to give Randall my support.”
“Did he go back to school after the funerals?”
“Not right away. His father raised horses, and none of the animals were hurt in the fire. Both of us pulled out of school for a while—until he could settle his father’s estate and sell off the horses and land.”
“You pulled out of school too?”
“The term was almost over, so I went back to finish up, then dropped out for a year. Randall was pretty devastated by the event and didn’t have any other family. He stayed with me and my grandparents at their home, since his house was gone.”
“And he didn’t want to rebuild and carry on his father’s business?” 
At that question, William let out a laugh before answering.
“Oh no, Randall hated—and I mean hated horses. He hated everything about the ranch. He was the sole heir, so he sold everything, and used that money as capital to fund our first business venture.”
“Which was a success.” 
“Yes. I was reluctant at first; I had my own plans, but Randall begged me to go into business with him. I told him I would, after I finished college. That was important to my grandfather, and at the time, I only had a year left.”
“So you both finished college?”
“No, actually, I finished, Randall was too impatient. He dropped out when I graduated, but it all worked out for him. Oh, and by the way, maybe forget what I said about your husband begging me to go into business with him. I doubt he would appreciate that characterization of the events.” William chuckled.
Mary Ellen was so enthralled with the conversation, she failed to notice William had pulled off the road and was driving the motorcar into a lovely park area. Maple trees lined the landscape, their leaves fluttering in the late morning breeze.
“Where are we?” Mary Ellen asked when he stopped the car.
“I thought we could get out, stretch our legs a bit and take a walk. Before we head back home, perhaps I can convince you to have lunch with me.”
“I had a nice breakfast, but I confess, I’m kind of hungry already.”
William chuckled then said, “That’s to be expected.” Mary Ellen blushed, embarrassed because he thought she was pregnant. She wanted to tell him the truth, but she was afraid he would tell Randall, and she couldn’t risk that. Especially not now that she was enjoying herself so much. 
Why can’t my husband be more like William? Mary Ellen asked herself. She wished it had been William instead of Randall who made the bargain with her father. She suddenly wondered how William would treat her in the marriage bed. For some reason, she believed he would be different. She could almost imagine him saying sweet things to her as he helped her undress. Foolish girl, Mary Ellen reminded herself—your husband doesn’t even remove your clothes, he just tosses up your skirt and forces his way in.
William turned off the engine and got from the motor car. Mary Ellen fitted her hat on her head as she waited for William to open her car door and help her out. Without thought, William tucked her right hand under his left elbow and held it in place as the two strolled down the grassy lane between two rows of maple trees.
“It’s getting rather warm today. I have a feeling we’re in for a hot summer.” Mary Ellen noted. 
“Yes, it’s rather warm.” But I’m not sure the rise in temperature is completely due to the weather, William silently speculated. 
“It’s rather sweet of you, taking me out today and promising me a movie later this week. But I’m sure you have other more important things to do.” Another woman, one a little older and more experienced, might sound as if she were fishing for a compliment. When Mary Ellen asked the questions, it sounded sincere, devoid of an ulterior motive.
“I can’t think of anything I’d rather be doing,” he answered with sincerity. Without thought, his right hand gave the hand he held a reassuring pat. Mary Ellen blushed at his response.
“Surely, you have some special young lady in your life?” Mary Ellen couldn’t imagine such a handsome man wouldn’t have beautiful women fluttering around him.
“At the moment, no. I’m not seeing anyone. Although Randall did point out it was time I got married.” William chuckled.
“Perhaps he wants your children raised with ours?”
“Perhaps. But when I marry, I plan to do so for love.”  He instantly regretted his words, and wanted to kick himself for being so insensitive. He could feel Mary Ellen tense. Stopping in his tracks, William turned to face her, releasing her hand so he could place his on her shoulders.
Looking into her face, he could see his careless words had chased away the joy that had been in her eyes just moments before.
“I’m sorry I said that. It was thoughtless of me. Marrying for love is a fanciful notion. The truth is, love grows over time. I’ve no doubt love will grow between you and Randall. He’s a good man. Someday you’ll love him, especially now that you’ll be sharing a child.  Just give it time.”
Without thought, William raised his right hand to her face and gently brushed the back of his fingertips down along the length of her left cheek, and whispered, “I can’t imagine Randall not falling hopelessly in love with you.”  
 Mary Ellen’s clear blue eyes widened in surprise and she let out a little gasp. Her heart raced, and in that moment she wished he would kiss her.
Startled by the yearning so clearly reflected in the innocent blue eyes, William once again cursed himself for his foolishness and turned to resume their walk, tucking her hand again under his elbow.
Biting her lip, Mary Ellen told herself to steady her breathing and stop acting like an infernal ninny. William Hunter was simply being kind, and she was a married woman. The man believed she was carrying the child of his best friend.
When they reached the restaurant an hour later, she was grateful to have an opportunity to wash up. After the server showed them to their table, she excused herself to visit the facilities. William tucked a coin in her palm, assuming she would need it to gain access to one of the stalls. The gesture made her blush, but she appreciated his thoughtfulness.
Over lunch William brought up the topic of the movie again, which lead them to a discussion on books and literature. He recalled Randall’s comment about how his bride knew how to read, yet by his tone it sounded as if she had only a rudimental grasp on reading and writing. By the books she discussed, it was obvious she was a voracious reader. He wondered if Randall had any idea how bright his young bride was.
“I’ll admit I was a little surprised Randall’s estate didn’t include a library. For some reason I always imagine estates, such as his, would have one.”
“No, Randall has never been much of a reader or collector of books. But I’ve quite an extensive library and you’re welcome to borrow anything that interests you.”
“Oh, I would love that! Thank you. I’ve never asked, do you live very far from us?”
“Not too far. It’s about a fifteen minute drive. My humble estate is modest in comparison to your new home. My one indulgence is my library. It’s a passion inherited from my grandfather, I suspect. I have his collection, and have added to it over the years.”
“Do you have family back in Kentucky?”
“No. My mother’s parents raised me after my father died. She was an only child, as was I. I don’t remember either of them. According to my grandmother, she came down with a fever when I was just a baby and died. My father was killed shortly after, in a carriage accident.
“I never knew my father’s family, although I know he had several brothers and a sister. From what I understand, they moved to Oregon before my parents were married and my father never really kept in contact with them.”
“So you and Randall, you’re like family.”
“I suppose so. I love him like a brother. Sometimes I want to throttle him.” William chuckled then added, “Yet I would throttle anyone that would do him harm.”  
Mary Ellen smiled softly and took a sip of water.

Chapter Eight

William didn’t have dinner at the Coulson Estate that night. After spending the morning and early afternoon with Mary Ellen, he needed to get back to the office and intended to work into the evening.
Wanting to finish her room, Mary Ellen instructed the cook to bring a tray with dinner upstairs. Lily brought the tray of food and silently set it on the dresser. She didn’t extend another offer to help Mary Ellen right the room, but left mumbling under her breath about the mess and was convinced the misguided bride would eventually come whining to the household staff begging for help. She’s clearly in too deep, thought Lily.
 Mary Ellen closed the door behind the maid and continued with her reorganization project. Instead of sitting down to eat her supper, she nibbled on bites of food as she worked. Earlier she discretely washed her soiled rags in her private bathroom, and they were almost dry, due to the unseasonably warm July evening.  
It was a quarter past ten when Mary Ellen finally finished with her project. Propping her balled fists on her hips, she surveyed the room and smiled. She had managed to rearrange some of the lighter pieces of furniture along with her personal belongings. Now the only thing that looked out of place was the empty food tray atop her dresser. Snatching up the tray, she set it on a table in the hallway then went to her bathroom to wash up for bed.
Lily found the empty tray outside Mary Ellen’s room the next morning. The bedroom door was still closed and Lily couldn’t hear anyone moving around on the other side of the wall. She suspected the mistress of the house was still sound asleep and she was dying of curiosity to see if the room was still in shambles. Succumbing to her curiosity, she gingerly opened the door, careful not to make any sound. 
The curtains were still closed and the room was virtually dark, save for a faint hint of sunshine peaking in around the edges of the window coverings. Lily tiptoed into the room, allowing her eyes to adjust to the dim lighting. She could see a lump on the bed under the coverlet–Mary Ellen was still sound asleep. Or so she thought.
Tiptoeing around the bedchamber, Lily nosily looked around, surprised that the girl had actually managed to straighten up the room. She even noticed several pieces of furniture had been rearranged. She wondered how Mr. Coulson would feel about that.
From the bed, Mary Ellen opened her eyes slightly, enabling her to identify the intruder while still playing possum. There were no damp rags drying in her bathroom, so she wasn’t concerned Lily would be seeing something she didn’t want her to see and allowed the maid to continue snooping while she quietly watched from the bed.
After thoroughly inspecting the room and peeking into several drawers, Lily tiptoed back to the door, and quietly let herself out. Mary Ellen didn’t know if the nosey maid had her fill of snooping, or if this would be a regular inspection. She didn’t intend to take any chances, nor did she want to get the maid discharged. That would only create hard feelings with the rest of the household staff, and the last thing she wanted was to be surrounded by vindictive servants.
At breakfast Mary Ellen summoned Mrs. Parker, as she had the previous morning. The housekeeper sat across the table from her young mistress and poured herself a cup of coffee.
“I was wondering about the locks for my bedchamber. How many keys do you have that fit the lock?” Mary Ellen asked as she spread strawberry preserves onto her biscuit.
“Your bedroom door? Why, I believe there are two keys that fit that lock. There wouldn’t be more than that–and I don’t recall ever losing that key, so yes. Two.”
“I would like them please. Both of them.”
“Excuse me?” Mrs. Parker frowned.
“Since I’ll be cleaning my bedroom and bathroom, there really is no reason for anyone to have a key to my room, except me. Of course, when my husband returns, I’ll give him one if he wishes. But for now, I would like them both.” Mary Ellen smiled sweetly, as if her question was most rational.
The request caught Mrs. Parker by surprise. She stood up and pulled a key ring from the pocket of her skirt and then sat back down and fumbled through the keys, looking for the desired one. At that moment, one of the maids came into the dining room with a fresh tray of breakfast pastries.
“Please send Lily in here,” Mrs. Parker asked the woman bringing the pastries. The woman gave a little nod, set the plate on the table and left to go find Lily. A few minutes later, the summoned maid entered the dining room.
“You called for me, Mrs. Parker?” Lily asked, paying little attention to Mary Ellen, who was sampling one of the newly arrived pastries.
“Last month I gave you a key to Mrs. Coulson’s room. Can I have it please?”
“Excuse me?” Lily looked nervously from Mrs. Parker to Mary Ellen and back to Mrs. Parker.
“I don’t believe my request was difficult to understand. The key to Mrs. Coulson’s bedchamber please, now.”  Mary Ellen almost choked on her pastry, finding it amusing that Mrs. Parker snapped at Lily for her response when asked for the key, while Mrs. Parker gave the very same one when she was asked.
Lily frowned at the request and dug her hand into her apron pocket, retrieving her set of keys. It took her just a moment to locate the desired one and remove it from the ring.
“Is anything wrong?” Lily asked nervously as she handed the key to Mrs. Parker.
“I don’t think so,” Mrs. Parker took the key, stood up and then placed both keys on the table by Mary Ellen’s plate. Lily silently watched.
“Thank you,” Mary Ellen said sweetly, then snatched up both keys.
• • • •
 “What was that all about? Why did she want the keys?” Lily asked Mrs. Parker later that morning, when the two women were alone.
“I don’t think Mrs. Coulson trusts us. Yesterday she made it clear she doesn’t want anyone going into her room uninvited, and today she asks for all the keys to her room.” Mrs. Parker then narrowed her eyes and studied Lily’s face. The younger woman looked guilty of something.
“What did you do, Lily?” Mrs. Parker demanded. 
Lily gulped nervously before answering. “I thought she was asleep.” 
“What are you talking about?”
“This morning. I was just curious. I wanted to see how her room looked.”
“You went in there uninvited, while she was sleeping?”
“Well, I thought she was sleeping. She didn’t say anything. I didn’t disturb anything, I promise. I just had a look around. Oh, and you know, she actually put everything away. The room looks good.”
“Oh Lily, what a ninny you are! That could cost you your job! What were you thinking?”
“I just wanted to see. Oh, do you think she’s going to let me go? Oh no…” Lily looked as if she was about to get ill.
“No, I don’t think she is. Had she wanted me to let you go, I think she would have said something this morning. She never mentioned you. In fact, she has never said anything about you—nothing. Not even when she was clearly upset with how you and Jane got too pushy with her that first morning. The only reason I know about that—you told me.  
“If you think about it, Mrs. Coulson has been very nice about her displeasure with you. She hasn’t come to me or to her husband about any complaints. Had she gone to Mr. Coulson, he would have come to me. You’ve been very fortunate, Lily. But you are pushing it, girl. The next time you do something this foolish, she may be asking for more than room keys.”
An hour later Mary Ellen sat at the small desk in her bedchamber, penning a letter to her Aunt Rachael when a knock came at the door. 
“Come in,” Mary Ellen called out as she looked up toward the bedroom door. It opened slowly and in walked a very nervous Lily.
“Ma’am, may I have a moment of your time?” the maid timidly asked.
“Certainly, come it.” Mary Ellen set the pen on the desk atop her stationery and turned around in the chair to face the maid. Lily gave a little nod and then stepped closer, nervously fidgeting with the edge of her apron.
“I’ve come to apologize, Mrs. Coulson.”
“Apologize, what for?” Several reasons for an apology sprung to Mary Ellen’s mind.
“I’ve been doing a great deal of thinking this past hour.”
“And?”
“When you first arrived…well….I guess I was pretty pushy.”
“Pushy?” Mary Ellen raised one brow. 
“Yes, when you arrived I…well….I treated you like I might my younger sister. That was inappropriate.”
Mary Ellen was about to respond when Lily continued on.
“This morning, well, I came into your room uninvited. I imagine you already know that. That’s probably why you asked for the keys, because you felt you couldn’t trust the staff. But please Mrs. Coulson, don’t judge the other girls by my behavior. I know Jane or Mrs. Parker would never come into your room uninvited, not after you told them not to.”
“So why did you do it?” Mary Ellen asked softly.
“I…I guess I was curious. I didn’t think you could really put this room back in order.” Suddenly realizing what she just said, Lily stopped talking for a moment and closed her eyes. Her complexion turned bright red.
“I didn’t mean that like it sounded…” Lily started, then paused a moment and said, “Oh pooh, yes I did mean that. I didn’t think you could get this room back in order, and figured you would eventually come to us for help. But you did a great job. I don’t know what is wrong with me, Mrs. Coulson. I’m not usually so mean.”
Lily’s eyes filled with tears and Mary Ellen couldn’t help but feel sorry for the girl. 
“Lily, how old are you?”
Lily took a deep breath, wiped unshed tears from her eyes with the back of one sleeve and proceeded to answer the question.
“Twenty-five, ma’am.”
 “Are you married?” Mary Ellen was curious to find out more about Lily, who seemed far less irritating now, compared to their first meeting.
“I was. My George was in the army. He was killed this past fall.” A tear slid down Lily’s face. She wiped it away and took a deep breath, calming herself.
“Oh, I am so sorry, Lily. I lost an older brother in this horrible war. Have you any children?”
“Yes, two little girls.”
“And who watches them when you’re at work?”
“My mother and George’s mother. They take turns.”
“That’s nice you have family to rely on.”  
Lily nodded, feeling less vulnerable. 
“Lily, why don’t we start over? I know I was rather sharp to you and Jane that first morning—but I was very nervous about my new life. And you, well, you did overwhelm me.”
“I understand, Mrs. Coulson. And I am very sorry for that.”
“Yes, I believe you are. And please don’t take it personally, my desire for total privacy. Unlike you, I haven’t the support of a family to help me through challenging times. So I choose to create a sanctuary of sorts—here in this room.” 
“Yes, ma’am, I understand.” Lily didn’t really understand. Yet if Mrs. Coulson wanted her privacy, Lily would honor her employer’s wishes.
 
Chapter Nine

“Does my husband celebrate any holidays?” Mary Ellen asked William that night at dinner. Instead of eating in the large, formal dining room, Mary Ellen had instructed Mrs. Parker to have the staff start serving the evening meals in the parlor. The two were alone at a small oak table in the cozy room.
“Holidays? I’m not sure what you mean.” William took a sip of his wine and watched as Mary Ellen delicately cut her pork chop into tiny little pieces.
“Last week July fourth was like any other day around this house. Randall never suggested doing something special for Independence Day, and I wondered if he was as indifferent with Christmas.” 
“I think this one slipped by, with the wedding and all, and planning for the Chicago trip. Did you say anything to him?” 
“No, I’d feel foolish bringing it up.” Mary Ellen shook her head and then popped a bite of pork into her mouth.
“Foolish, why? Mary Ellen, when Randall comes home you need to start speaking up, and letting him know what’s important to you. He’s an old friend, but if you let him walk all over you, he will.”
“It’s not that.” 
“Then what is it?”
“July fourth was also my birthday. And asking if we were doing anything different that day might seem as if I am hinting for something special for my birthday.”
“Your birthday? I had no idea. Are you sure Randall knew?”
“I assumed he must.”
“I had no idea, Mary Ellen. As much as my dear friend can be insensitive, I’m certain he wouldn’t ignore your birthday. But I feel horrible, we must do something special!”
“No!” Mary Ellen set her fork on the linen tablecloth and looked over her plate at William. “That’s the very reason I didn’t ask Randall. I really was not hinting to do something special for my birthday. Goodness, I would not expect that. After all, my parents never took much stock in celebrating birthdays—mine or my brothers’. But on the fourth, we always had a family picnic and watched fireworks. It felt strange just staying home on a day that was always so special. But it wasn’t special because it was my birthday.”
“I’m sorry, Mary Ellen, truly. I wish I had known.”
“Oh, it’s fine.” She shrugged and took another bite.
“Your birthday—that means you’re eighteen now.”
“Yes.”
“Happy belated birthday. Maybe your parents never celebrated it, but I promise, that will change on your nineteenth one!”
She smiled and continued to eat her dinner.
William wondered if Randall had overlooked the birthday or if he ever knew it was in July. When he chastised his friend for marrying a girl so young, never once did Randall mention the bride to be would be turning eighteen a month after the wedding.
“So, are we still on for the movies this week? I was thinking a Saturday matinee.”
“Tarzan of the Apes? Oh, I’d love that.”
“Afterwards I’ll take you to an early supper. Make sure and tell Mrs. Parker you won’t be here for Saturday night.”
“You don’t have to do that.”
“Sure I do, a belated birthday dinner.”
Mary Ellen looked up into William’s clear blue eyes. By his determined expression, it was obvious he would be taking her out for a dinner and show on Saturday. 
“Okay, I’ll go,” she finally acquiesced. “But do you think it will be okay with Randall, is it even proper?”
“I’ll run it by him. But I don’t see a problem.”
“Just let him know it’s your idea.” 
William laughed at her insistence. “I promise.” He gave her a wink then took another bite of his dinner. “So tell me, why are we eating in here tonight?”
“Don’t you like it?” Mary Ellen stopped eating for a moment and glanced around the room.
“Actually, it’s rather comfortable in here. I always wondered why Randall insisted on eating in the formal dining room every night.”
“Have you always eaten your dinners here?”
William laughed and then said, “My, you must think I’m a grand freeloader!”
“No, not at all.” Mary Ellen blushed.
 “I suppose it started out of convenience—always something to discuss after a day at the office. Then it became habit. A few times, I tried to break the habit but Randall insisted it was foolish for me to hire a cook when his was preparing dinner anyway. I guess I’m lazy.”
“Well, I’m happy to have the company.”
“Thank you. I’m not sure you’ll be able to convince Randall to start taking the evening meal in the parlor when he returns.”
“Oh, I really don’t expect to.” Not sure I would want to, Mary Ellen thought. She preferred the more formal and distant environment of the dining room when with her husband. 
 “When he returns, I should probably think about hiring a cook—to allow you newlyweds some privacy. Then perhaps he’ll warm up to a quiet supper with his bride in the parlor.”
“Please, don’t feel you have to do that.” 
• • • •
 “Did you know it was her birthday on July fourth?” William asked Randall later that evening, after calling him up on the telephone. He’d returned home an hour earlier and decided to call his business partner before going to bed. Knowing Randall, William was fairly confident the other man would still be awake. 
“Her birthday? Now that you mention it, I do recall her birthday was in July.”
“She’s your wife, Randall. Things like birthdays are important to women.”
“I suppose you’re right. Fine, I’ll pick up something at the jewelers and have it sent to her. I still need to get her a wedding band, but I’ve been so busy.”
“Have you even called her since you’ve been gone?”
“Why? You’re keeping a good eye on her and tell me everything I need to know.”
“But don’t you want to talk to her? Hear her voice?”
“Good lord, man, this is a marriage, not some grand love affair. I told you I’ll buy her something nice.”
“Randall, I just don’t understand you sometimes.”
“So tell me William, what do you have planned for my lovely bride to make up for my birthday oversight?”
“What do you mean?”
“I know you William. You’ve always been compelled to repair hurt feelings. You have something special planned, admit it.”
“Well,” William grumbled, “I’m taking her out to dinner after the matinee on Saturday.” 
Randall gave a hearty laugh. “I knew it!” 
“Oh, shut up.”
“It’s one of the things I appreciate about you. Dependable, kindhearted William. That’s why we make a great team. I can be the cold hearted bastard I’ve always been, and you can soothe the hurt feelings.” 
“I hate it when you talk about yourself that way.”
“You know it’s true. You’re a better person than me, William. You always have been. I’ve accepted that fact. I rely on it. I can come here and do what needs to be done, and have every confidence you’re taking care of things there—at the office and with my wife. Of course, it would be a hell of a lot easier if you would simply get married and then our wives could help look after each other and you could come with me to Chicago.”
“And who would keep an eye on the business here?”
“You have a point. I suppose I won’t badger you to find a wife. Not yet.”
“I still think you should call her.”
“Why, has she said anything to you? Does she want me to call her?”
“Not exactly. Actually, she seems to accept the fact you won’t call. It’s as if she expects it.”
“See, there you have it. No reason to call.”
“Randall, I want this marriage to work for you. Mary Ellen is a lovely young woman.”
“I thought you said she was just a girl.”
“I suppose she’s not as young as I initially imagined. But don’t you want a marriage where your wife is …is more than just a woman to bear your children?”
“Let’s be blunt, William. For me, a wife serves just one purpose—to give me sons. To carry on my name. What’s the point of living if there isn’t a part of me to carry on my legacy when I’m gone?”
“If that’s all a wife is to you, you should have just adopted boys.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. I want sons that are a part of me, not some orphaned brats.”
“So she is nothing to you but a brood mare?”
“Don’t be crude William, it isn’t like you. However, I suppose you’re right, in that a wife has other purposes besides giving her husband sons. Society expects a successful man to have a beautiful woman on his arm, and Mary Ellen is quite lovely. Having her as a wife also means I no longer must endure the tedious company of young socialites foisted on me by their parents.”
 “Our business consumes you Randall. When escorting lovely young ladies becomes a chore, perhaps it’s time to step back and reevaluate your life.”
“But I’m a married man now, and I don’t imagine you’re suggesting I continue escorting young ladies when I’ve a wife at home?” Randall laughed.
“Of course not. But marriage should not be an excuse to ignore the woman you’ve married.”
“Enough, you’re getting as tedious as those simple minded little socialites.”
“Then let me ask you one question, and I’ll let it drop—for now.”
“Ask.”
“What happens if the baby is a girl?” There was no immediate response. 
Finally, Randall answered the question. “Then I shall get my wife with child again, which is what I intend to do if she has a boy. Therefore, nothing would really change.”
“But how would you feel about a daughter?”
“A daughter? Honestly, I’ve never given it much thought. I’m not really sure what purpose a daughter serves, aside from forming alliances through marriage.”
“Good lord man, this isn’t the middle ages where you sell your daughter off for some political alliance or a herd of goats.”
“Interesting. The price for my wife was one house.” 
“Are you going to stay on that phone all night?” William heard a male voice ask. Apparently Randall was not alone in his hotel suite. Everything went silent for a moment, as if Randall had covered the mouthpiece with his hand.
“Who is that?” William asked.
“Just someone I met. I need to go now, I’m holding up the poker game.”
“You’re playing poker this late?”
“Enough William, you sound more like a wife than Mary Ellen. I’ll talk to you tomorrow night.”

Chapter Ten

Mary Ellen was just buttoning up the front of her dress when a knock came at the bedroom door. Glancing from the mirror to the door, and back to the mirror, her nimble fingers fastened the last button, bringing together the garment’s wide lace collar. 
“Come in!” she called out.
Lily opened the door, then picked up the tray she’d just set on the table in the hallway outside Mary Ellen’s room. She brought the lunch tray into the bedroom while watching Mary Ellen, who stood before the floor length mirror, pivoting from side to side while inspecting her appearance. Mary Ellen’s hands slid down the sides of her body, smoothing the fabric over her slim hips. 
“That dress looks lovely on you. It’s a shame it won’t fit for long.” Lily cringed at her own words then set the tray on the small table in the center of the bedroom. “Sorry, ma’am. I shouldn’t have said that.” 
Mary Ellen understood Lily was referring to the pregnancy. While Mary Ellen had been taught it was not proper to discuss such matters, it was obvious her husband shared his erroneous belief with someone on the household staff. She doubted he told Lily, yet suspected it was Mrs. Parker who passed on the misinformation. She chose not to comment.
“Oh, what do we have there?” Mary Ellen asked brightly, turning from the mirror and walking toward the table.
“Mrs. Parker didn’t think it would be a good idea for you to skip lunch, so she instructed me to bring up a tray of food.”
“It’s very thoughtful of Mrs. Parker, but I had a big breakfast, and I was planning on skipping lunch so I could better enjoy my dinner out.”
“Oh but ma’am, it’s not a good idea to skip a meal…I mean…” Lily blushed.
“Yes, I understand what you’re saying. But I do wish Mrs. Parker wouldn’t fret about me so. Come, sit down and help me eat this!” 
Lily started to decline but Mary Ellen pulled out a chair for the maid and motioned for her to sit down. Giving a shrug, Lily sat down as Mary Ellen took the second chair. 
“Have you had lunch yet?”  Mary Ellen asked.
“No ma’am.” Lily eyed the chicken sandwich. Mary Ellen smiled, then picked up one-half of the sandwich and handed it to Lily. Reluctantly, the maid accepted the offering.
“I’m going to see Tarzan of the Apes today.” Mary Ellen announced before picking up the second half of the sandwich and taking a bite.
“I heard it was a good one.”
“You haven’t seen it?”
“No, but I do love going to the movies.”
Mary Ellen took another bite of the sandwich. Lily thought it odd to be sharing a lunch with her mistress while discussing movies, but she withheld comment. 
“I guess I was a little hungry,” Mary Ellen said.  
Lily smiled and continued to eat her half of the sandwich.
“It doesn’t feel as hot as it has been all week,” Mary Ellen noted. “I hope it isn’t too warm in the theatre.”
“It’s been in the 80s all week. But it does feel a bit cooler today. Would you like me to fix your hair up, ma’am? That way if it warms up, it won’t feel so hot.”
“Oh, could you? I’m not very good with my hair, and it’s just easier for me to wear it down. But I suppose the proper thing is to wear it up, now that I’m married.”
“You’d look real keen with one of those bob cuts the ladies have been wearing. You’ve the face for it.”
“Thank you, Lily.” Mary Ellen blushed. “I would be tempted, but I will confess, my husband has already instructed me not to cut my hair. I suppose that is a husband’s prerogative.”
“Yes, ma’am. I wouldn’t want to encourage you to do anything Mr. Coulson would disapprove of.”
• • • •
When William arrived an hour later to pick up Mary Ellen, he was surprised to find her long hair swept atop her head in a sophisticated hairstyle. No longer did she remind him of a naïve schoolgirl. The feminine chignon accentuated her blue eyes, making them seem somehow larger, and more compelling. For a brief moment, he imagined himself plucking the pins from her hair, one by one, as each freed curl fell gracefully to her shoulders—her bare shoulders.
“Are you all right, William?” Mary Ellen asked, as he stood speechless, staring blankly in her direction. Blinking his eyes, he shook his head briefly and smiled sheepishly.
“I apologize, I… I was just surprised to see your hair like that.” 
Suddenly embarrassed, Mary Ellen quickly touched the side of her head. “Oh, it looks awful?” 
“No! Oh no,” William replied. “I’m sorry. No, it looks quite lovely in fact. It suits you.” William began to laugh when he noted her look of confusion. Taking her elbow in his hand, he guided her toward the front door so they could be on their way.
“Let me explain,” he began, as he opened the front door. “When I picked you up at the train station, I noticed your lovely hair. I thought it a shame so many women hide theirs once they wed, and since you were getting married, I assumed you would too.” He shut the front door behind them and they walked toward his motorcar.
“But that style does suit you. Brings out your eyes. Your husband will love it.”
“Will he?” she asked softly, while getting into the passenger side of the car. She held her handbag and hat atop her lap, and waited for William to get into his side of the car. When he started down the drive, she continued the discussion.
“It is much cooler this way. But perhaps I should cut it short. Seems to be quite the rage these days.” She watched for his reaction, wondering if he felt the same way as her husband.  He smiled and glanced over to her, then wrinkled his nose for a moment before turning his attention back to the road.
“Personally, after seeing you with your hair up, I imagine you would look quite adorable in a Castle bob. But I’m afraid your husband would have a different idea.”
“Oh yes, he’s already made it very clear I’m not to cut my hair.” 
“Ahh, so you were just baiting me. Shame on you.” He chuckled.
“Baiting you?”
“I can’t imagine you’re really considering cutting your hair as you just mentioned, since your husband has already forbade it.”
“Tell me William, do you believe it’s the husband’s right to have a final say in all that his wife does? Are women nothing but children?”
 “I will say, Mary Ellen, I certainly didn’t expect that question from you.”
“Why? Is that the perception you have of me? A timid and obedient creature?” Mary Ellen glanced out the side window and watched the scenery roll by. 
Before he could respond she added, “Of course, that would be a reasonable assumption, considering I obeyed my father and married a man I barely knew.”
“What’s wrong, Mary Ellen?” he asked softly.
“Oh, I’m sorry William.” Mary Ellen blushed. “I’m really looking forward to the movie and dinner out. I don’t mean to put a cloud on the day. I guess the reminder that I need husband approval to do something as inane as change my hairstyle put me into a quarrelsome mood. I apologize.”
“Times are changing Mary Ellen. I keep reminding Randall of that.”
“When you marry someday, will you tell your wife how she must wear her hair?”
“Well,” he replied, considering the question for a moment while steering his car down the road. “I would hope that if I really hated a hairstyle, she would not insist on wearing it that way—but no, I would not forbid her on such a matter. In the same way, if my wife hated me with a beard, I wouldn’t wear one.”
“Oh, I don’t think I’d like you in a beard,” Mary Ellen said.  William smiled and thought, then I won’t grow one.
“Have you heard from your family?” William changed the subject.
“I’ve received a couple letters from Aunt Rachael, but nothing from my father.”
“What about your mother?”
“No. My mother hasn’t been doing well since my brother was killed overseas. According to my aunt’s letters, her condition isn’t improving.”
“Your father hasn’t written you?”
“No, he isn’t much of a letter writer.”
“Why don’t you call him?”
“We don’t have a telephone. My father feels they’re a waste of money.”
“If you want, I could arrange a call to the factory. He can come to the main office and use that phone.”
“Thank you William, but no. My father would be very annoyed if I did that to him while he was at work. No, for now letters with Aunt Rachel will be enough.”
“What about your older brothers? I understand you have a few in the military overseas.”
“I’ve sent letters, but never get anything back. I have to assume they’re okay, or I would have heard something from Aunt Rachael.”
“I’ve never considered how lonely it must be for you. You’ve been here for a little over a month and haven’t had an opportunity to meet anyone. I’m afraid when Randall is in the midst of business negotiations, socializing isn’t a priority for him, unless of course it benefits the business deal.”
“Well I did meet Mrs. Hanover. We had an interesting visit.”
“I almost forgot about Mrs. Hanover.” 
“You know about her?”
“I understand ambitious mothers often use her services when preparing their daughters for coming out. But from what I understand, Mrs. Hanover told Randall you were absolutely lovely, and she couldn’t understand why he thought you needed her services.”
Mary Ellen blushed then flashed him a shy smile.
“Well, she was very sweet to me. Upon our first meeting we had a nice long talk; I suppose it was her way to better understand how she could fix me.”
“Fix you?” Randall laughed at the notion. He couldn’t imagine there was anything about Mary Ellen that needed fixing.
“Now that I recall, Lily said Mrs. Hanover was to polish me up, or something like that.”
“Lily, one of the maids, right?”
“Yes. Lily isn’t so bad. She just has a habit of speaking before thinking. I’ll confess I did find the notion of polishing me somewhat insulting.”
“I can imagine. So tell me, how did you and Mrs. Hanover spend your time?”
“Actually, I suppose she was helpful. She did explain some of the social customs here that are different from home. So I suspect in a way she did polish me. She also filled me in on the who’s who around the neighborhood and town. I must say that woman knows everyone!”
“Yes, she does.” Randall chuckled.
“We only met about three times for tea. Although I suppose Randall assumed she would be walking me around a room with a book atop my head.”
“With your perfect posture, I doubt that would be necessary.”
“Well, it does make for an amusing parlor game,” Mary Ellen said brightly. She wished she could speak so casually with her own husband.
  
Chapter Eleven

The maître d’ showed them to their table.  Mary Ellen held onto William’s left arm. Making their way through the upscale restaurant, she noted half the tables were empty, yet attributed it to the fact it was a little early for supper. 
 When they arrived at their table the maître d’ pulled out a chair for Mary Ellen. After the pair was seated, he handed them each a menu—William’s with prices, hers without – and informed them their server would be there shortly to take their beverage order.
The server proved prompt, and it wasn’t long before beverages were served, food orders taken and menus removed.
“It’s been a wonderful afternoon, William. Thank you again,” Mary Ellen said as she removed her gloves and tucked them into her handbag. 
“So I take it you liked the movie.” He already knew the answer. She’d expressed her delight at least a dozen times since the show ended. Mary Ellen laughed at his question.
“I can’t believe how well it followed the book. Yet I wonder how I would have liked it had I not read it first.”
“Funny you should say that, I wondered the same thing.”
“It makes me want to re-read it.”
“I often re-read books I love.”
“Well, it really isn’t an option for me. I don’t have the book. The one I read belonged to my brother, and I imagine it’s still with my parents.”
“I have it in my library. I’ll bring it over to you.”
“Thank you, William, I’d like that.”
“Have you read Burrough’s other books in the series?”
“No, the only one my brother had was the first.”
“I have them all; I’ll bring them to you.” William flashed Mary Ellen one his friendly smiles, his blue eyes twinkled.
He always makes me feel so safe—comfortable—as though I belong. I feel as if I could share anything with him—tell him any secret—and he would be there for me, never betray a confidence. I need to remember he is my husband’s best friend, not mine. 
 “William Hunter, well hello!” a female voice intruded. Mary Ellen looked up at the tall woman approaching their table. William stood just in time to receive a kiss on his right cheek from the woman. 
“Hello, Clare,” William greeted, glancing around the dining room wondering which table was Clare’s party. 
“Who is this?” Clare cooed. Mary Ellen couldn’t help but stare at the attractive blonde woman towering over her. The first thing she noticed was the woman’s short bobbed hair, which accentuated her large brown eyes. While Mary Ellen’s dress was new, it looked rather old fashioned compared to the stylish dress worn by the stranger. Mary Ellen noted the hem was several inches shorter than the dress she wore. In the woman’s right hand, she held a cigarette holder, which she waved about as she talked. The cigarette did not appear to be lit.
“Mary Ellen, I’d like you to meet an old friend, Clare Taylor. Clare, this is Mary Ellen…Mary Ellen Coulson, Randall’s wife.”
“Really?”  A calmer, introspect persona replaced exuberant Clare. “My father told me Randall married, but I just assumed he was trying to make a point.”
Make a point? Mary Ellen wondered what that meant. 
“Clare’s father is a business associate of ours,” William quickly explained. 
“True. And my dear father would have loved to marry me off to your Randall—but of course Randall’s heart was already taken—just when did you meet?” Clare once again resumed her cheerful and exaggerated banter, yet now it seemed forced.
“I’ve known Randall for years,” Mary Ellen explained politely. While it was technically the truth, it was misleading.
“Really? And where is that scoundrel? I’d love to congratulate the groom.” Clare glanced around the dining room as if she expected Randall to suddenly appear, which was highly unlikely considering the pair were sitting at a table for two.
“Randall is in Chicago on business,” William explained.
“Oh, and he’s left you in charge of his lovely bride?” Clare flashed a fake smile at William then reached over and patted Mary Ellen’s hand, noting there was no wedding ring. “You’re in good hands dear. William Hunter has always been a perfect gentleman—and a loyal friend to dear Randall. Your husband was wise in his choice.
“But, I must really run, so nice seeing you both!” Clare gave them a little wave with her cigarette holder and then hastily made her way across the dining room to another section of the restaurant.
“That was strange,” Mary Ellen noted when Clare was no longer in sight.
“How so?” William thought it was uncomfortable, yet wondered what Mary Ellen was thinking.
“Well, for one thing she never gave me an opportunity for a proper greeting—such as—hello, nice to meet you.”
“I’m afraid Clare had some other things on her mind.”
“Like my husband.  Did he court her?”
“How could you tell?”
“By her expression – and what she said about her father. I felt rather sorry for her. How recently did they stop seeing each other?”
William shifted uncomfortably in his chair. He did not want to answer.
“William?”
“I believe he stopped seeing her right before he left for Virginia the last time.”
“Oh, that poor thing,” Mary Ellen glanced in the direction where Clare had fled. By her expression, it was clear to William, Mary Ellen sincerely felt sorry for the other woman.
“You aren’t jealous, are you?” William asked.
“Why? I’m not in love with Randall. I don’t believe that’s a surprise to you.”
“But he is your husband.”
“True. But it’s obvious to me that poor woman had some real feelings for Randall. What happened? She’s quite lovely. Why would he walk away from someone who was clearly smitten with him?”
“I’ll answer that if you’ll answer a question for me.” William knew he should change the subject, but he couldn’t.
“What?”
“Why did you marry Randall?”
Mary Ellen considered the question before answering.
“I’m not sure—it’s a bit complicated.” Mary Ellen did not add that she regretted the marriage and had been considering asking Randall for a divorce or annulment when he returned. She wasn’t sure what would happen to her parents and their new house, but she didn’t think she could continue with the marriage.
“That was an unfair question, I apologize.”
“No, it’s fine. I’ve asked myself the same question. I guess the only thing I can think of—I don’t recall a time I didn’t do what my father expected of me. When he told me about the marriage, I initially objected. But…well my mother has not been doing well, and a new house would really help the family. I suppose I felt it was inevitable. But then…”
“Then what?” William’s question was barely a whisper.
“Then…I see women like Clare. So different from the girls I grew up with. So different from my mother and aunt’s generation. At the theatre, there were a group of girls about my age. I don’t know if you noticed them. But they were laughing, having such a grand time. And I, for some reason, could not imagine them marrying a man of their father’s choosing—a man they barely knew.”
“I promise Mary Ellen, it will be better when Randall returns.” He reached across the table and patted her hand. 
It was then Mary Ellen remembered he thought she was carrying Randall’s child. For a brief moment, she considered telling him the truth but decided against it. Instead, she smiled brightly, and forced a cheerful front. My husband should be the first to know, she told herself.  And then I will seek to end the marriage—if only I knew how a woman went about doing that.
“Yes, I know, it will get better. I’m just being foolishly emotional. So tell me more about Clare.”  
“Clare—well, like I said, her father is a business associate, and we belong to the same club. I do believe he had high hopes for his daughter marrying Randall. Of course Randall had other ideas.”
“But they were seeing each other? What happened?”
“Between you and me?” William refused to consider how inappropriate it was to share secrets with his best friend’s wife.
“Of course.”
“She cut her hair.” 
“No, you are kidding? That is why he stopped seeing her?”
“Obviously it was no great love affair. Had it been, I doubt a shaved head would have fazed him. Clare likes to have a good time. I don’t think Randall wanted a wife that was so bold.”
“Was she in love with him, do you think? Or is she merely suffering from injured pride?” 
“I think perhaps she believes it was love. Of course, Randall was considered quite the catch.”
“That’s what I don’t understand,” Mary Ellen contemplated as she looked across the table, studying William’s face. His features were somehow more masculine than Randall’s. She guessed he’d recently visited the barber, for his light brown hair no longer touched his shirt’s collar. Unlike Randall, who wore his hair slicked back, William’s hair parted naturally on one side, and he did nothing to change the course of his part.
She decided his best feature was undoubtedly his expressive blue eyes. Her husband’s dark brown eyes were somehow ominous, making her fearful when she looked into them. William’s gaze gave her comfort, hope—inspired her to look deeper.
“You don’t understand why he was considered a catch?” William frowned. 
“Oh no,” Mary Ellen laughed. “Actually I was thinking of you. I’m surprised someone like you is spending his evenings—Saturday afternoons—looking after your friend’s wife when I would imagine there are lovely young ladies—and their parents—who find you quite the catch.”
In the next moment, the server brought their food. The timely interruption diverted the flow of the conversation, allowing William to avoid commenting on Mary Ellen’s personal observation. For the remainder of the meal they discussed the food and the afternoon’s matinée. 
Mary Ellen silently asked herself why she was always so open with William—telling him things a woman should never tell a man who wasn’t her husband.
Across the table, William told himself, I will be a better friend to Randall. He silently vowed to stop asking Mary Ellen such intimate questions.
 
Chapter Twelve

“Randall, you need to consider coming home. It isn’t right leaving your new bride so soon. I can finish up for you in Chicago.” It was Sunday morning, and William was just finishing his first cup of coffee when his business partner called him on the telephone.
“Has something happened?” 
“We ran into Clare.”
“Did the girl cause a scene?”
“You mean Clare?”
“Well, I don’t mean Mary Ellen.”
“No, she didn’t. Although, Mary Ellen picked up on the fact you once dated her. She actually felt sorry for Clare.” 
Randall’s first response was a short laugh. “So what’s the problem, William? I still don’t understand. Are you tired of looking after her, is that it?”
Randall was so off the mark William wanted to howl. No, you fool, you have no idea what I want to do with your wife. 
“She needs to get out of that house more—interact with people,” he finally said. “Frankly, I’m surprised no one has extended an invitation to her—for tea or lunch, something. I would have thought one of the ladies from the neighborhood would have dropped by.”
“I’m sure they have. I gave Mrs. Parker expressed instructions to tell anyone that calls that my wife is currently not receiving. When I return we’ll have a reception and she can meet people then.”
“Why didn’t you do that before your trip to Chicago?”
 “Must I remind you how important this merger is? Especially if the war is coming to an end, as some speculate. There was no time.”
“But why have you instructed Mrs. Parker to send callers away? Isn’t that going to make your wife appear unfriendly?”
“Considering my dear wife is with child, I’m sure the ladies will understand why she chose to remain in seclusion at this time.”
“I seriously doubt that, considering I’ve been seen escorting her about town. And I’m certain your household staff hasn’t kept the fact I continue to dine each night with your wife during your absence a secret.”
“And why should they, William? The fact is, I don’t want my wife unduly influenced by the ladies of our neighborhood. When she goes out into society, it will be with me at her side. For now, she can enjoy the theatre with you, and dinner out or a drive. I’ve always enjoyed your company, and I’m sure she will too. I’m not worried about your influence on my bride—but I’m not so sure about some of those women.”
“I don’t know about that,” William snapped.
“I’ve got to go now. I plan to be home in about two and a half weeks. Obviously, I can’t force you to keep my wife amused. If you no longer want to spend time with her, don’t.  Just let me know and I’ll have Mrs. Parker keep a closer eye on the girl. I want to make sure she is taking proper care of herself, the baby and all.”
“No Randall, it’s fine. I’ll keep an eye on her.” When William hung up the telephone’s receiver, he sat quietly for a few moments, gathering his thoughts. After taking a deep breath, he stood up and walked from his parlor down the hall way to his personal library.  
• • • •
That evening, to Mary Ellen’s delight, William brought her the first six books from Edgar Rice Burroughs’ Tarzan series.  Over dinner, they chatted about literature, and not once did either party mention Randall or the state of Mary Ellen’s marriage.
Her period ended the day after the matinée and she no longer felt the need to guard the privacy of her bedchamber so fiercely. Since none of the household staff knew the real reason for Mary Ellen’s demand for privacy, they continued to honor her decree.
While she was no longer concerned with Randall returning home and resuming his nightly visits, since she’d made up her mind to ask to have the marriage terminated, she decided the most prudent option was to wait until he came home, and give him the news in person.
It was mid-July and the days grew warmer. Each morning Mary Ellen enjoyed a light breakfast on the back patio, followed by a brisk walk around the grounds. She spent her afternoons in the estate’s garden. Mrs. Parker instructed a groundskeeper to hang a hammock under one of the larger shade trees, which became Mary Ellen’s favorite reading spot.
Each afternoon Lily brought Mary Ellen lunch in the garden. After the first time, Mrs. Parker started preparing two lunches—one for Lily and one for Mary Ellen, as the mistress enjoyed company during her afternoon meal.
• • • •
 “You finished them all?” William asked on Thursday night, after Mary Ellen told him she’d read all his Tarzan books.
“Yes, and thank you again.”
“Then I suppose I’ll have to bring you something more to read.” 
“I’d love that.”
“But I have a surprise for you. Actually, it’s from your husband.”
“Randall?” She couldn’t imagine what it might be. William reached into his vest pocket, pulled out an envelope, and handed it to Mary Ellen. She took it, and peeked inside.
“What’s this?” She removed what appeared to be two tickets from the envelope.
“Theatre tickets. They arrived today. I’m to take you tomorrow night.”
“Not a picture show?” Mary Ellen asked as she turned the tickets over in her hand, inspecting each one.
“No, live theatre. Not sure how he managed to get these. I heard they were sold out.”
“Oh, how exciting!” She tucked the tickets back into the envelope and set it on the table.
William thought it felt good making Mary Ellen happy—seeing her smile so brightly. He then remembered Randall was responsible for Mary Ellen’s current smile. While a part of him wanted to be the one to make her happy, he knew it was best this way, because ultimately, he wanted what was best for Mary Ellen, and that was to have a happy marriage.
It was in that moment William Hunter realized he was in love with his best friend’s wife.
• • • •
The next day Lily helped Mary Ellen prepare for the theatre. She dressed her hair and helped her decide on the best gown for the occasion. When William arrived later that evening to pick her up, he was momentarily stunned. She carried a sophistication he hadn’t witnessed before. She’s a chameleon, he thought, able to adapt and take on new situations with remarkable ease. It isn’t surprising that Mrs. Hanover felt Mary Ellen had little need for her services.
At the theatre, they ran into a number of people who were mutual friends of William and Randall, and none seemed surprised at Randall’s elopement or the fact his new wife was being escorted to the theater by his business partner. Apparently Randall had made several phone calls, apologizing for not inviting the friends to the hasty wedding, citing the pressing needs of the war effort, true love that couldn’t wait, and promised his friends that he and his new bride would be hosting a belated wedding reception upon his return. All he asked is that they welcome his new bride, and make her feel at home. Apparently William’s admonishment had not been ignored.
After the theater William and Mary Ellen joined several couples for a late supper. It was difficult for him to believe she was the same timid creature who sat quietly each night during supper, when Randall was still home. Then she quietly listened as William discussed business and politics with her husband, who made no effort to include his wife in the dinner conversation. 
With her new theatre friends she found it easy to join in the discussion, as the many books she’d read provided interesting conversation fodder. Several at the table found it amusing that Randall’s new bride was so well read, especially considering it was common knowledge Randall had little patience for recreational reading.
“You were definitely a hit, Mary Ellen,” William told her as they drove away from the restaurant.
“Your friends are very nice.” While Mary Ellen had enjoyed the evening, she wondered if she had made a mistake by not contacting Randall to tell him that she was not pregnant and wanted out of the marriage. Being publicly acknowledged as Randall’s wife was going to make the termination of the marriage more uncomfortable for her husband. She had no desire to humiliate him, yet she had no idea where she would go without his support. Mary Ellen still hadn’t worked out those details in her mind, which was one reason she was in no hurry to tell Randall what she wanted.
“They seemed quite taken with you.” Considering her age, William was surprised the other women, each of whom was about six or seven years her senior, seemed sincerely charmed by the young bride. “I knew you liked to read, but I had no idea your extensive reading list. I feel a little ridiculous bringing you the Tarzan books, considering they are really very juvenile.”
“But they’re great fun!” Mary Ellen laughed. “I’ve always loved books. My Aunt Rachel was a teacher and was always loaning me one. My oldest brother, Ed, he also loved to read. We used to spend hours discussing a book we’d both read.” William glanced over and noted the tears glistening in her blue eyes and recalled Ed was the brother who was killed in the war.
“I have an idea,” William impulsively suggested. “We have to drive by my house on the way to yours. Why don’t we stop by, and you can pick out something from my library. I’m sure you can find suitable reading material to take back with you.”
“That would be wonderful! I confess, I was starting to panic, as I didn’t have something to read at home.”
When William pulled into his drive fifteen minutes later, Mary Ellen thought she would not describe his residence as a mere house. While not as large or as ostentatious as the Coulson Estate, it was a large two-storied residence, far larger than what one man needed, especially one who ate all his dinners in her parlor.
After parking the motor car, they were greeted at the front door by William’s butler, who immediately took Mary Ellen’s hat, gloves and jacket, along with William’s coat and hat.
“We’re not staying long, Henry,” William explained. “I’m taking Mrs. Coulson in the library so she can pick out a few books to take home with her.” 
“Yes sir, would you like me to bring you and Mrs. Coulson some tea?”
“That would be nice, Henry.”
“Yes sir.” The man nodded and toddled off, carrying the items he’d collected from Mary Ellen and William.
William showed Mary Ellen into his library, by way of the hallway adjacent to the front entry. When they entered through the double doors into his favorite room, he couldn’t help but notice the way her eyes widened as she stood in awe, taking in the sight of the massive room, its walls lined with oak shelves from ceiling to floor, filled with an impressive collection of leather bound books. 
“Oh my, when you said home library…I had no idea…” Almost reverently she walked to one wall and gently ran her fingertips along a row of leather spines. William sat on the edge of his desk and just watched, fascinated by her reaction to his beloved library. He smiled and said nothing, allowing her to experience his favorite room.
They stayed much longer than he had originally intended, and by the time they were ready to leave, they had consumed a pot of tea and filled a box with books for Mary Ellen to take home. He carried the books to his car while she trailed behind him.
“Are you sure I should take all of them?” she asked sheepishly as he placed the box in the motor car.
“I imagine at the speed you read, you’ll be returning these books next week and refilling the box with new ones!”
Mary Ellen grinned as she climbed into the passenger seat. It had been a wonderful day, and she couldn’t remember when she had been happier.

Chapter Thirteen

William went to his office early on Saturday morning. He was there for about four hours when he received a frantic phone call from Mrs. Parker.
“Mr. William, please you need to come over!”
“Mrs. Parker, what’s wrong?”
“It’s Mrs. Coulson!” 
“Mary Ellen, what happened?” He immediately thought of the baby. Was she losing the baby?
“She’s in her room, won’t come out, I’ve been trying to get ahold of Mr. Randall, but he’s not at any of the numbers I have.”
“Have you called the doctor?”
“Doctor? I don’t think she needs a doctor, but if she keeps carrying on like this, she may. All this crying can’t be good for the baby.”
William didn’t understand what the problem was, and Mrs. Parker seemed too upset to articulate.
“I’ll be right over,” he told her. “But if you think she needs a doctor, don’t wait, call him.”
When William arrived at the house twenty minutes later, he was greeted by a frantic Mrs. Parker, whose hands nervously fidgeted with several sheets of tattered stationery.
“Where’s Mary Ellen?” William asked as he entered the doorway and handed his coat and hat to the butler, who silently accepted the items.
“She’s up in her room. Lily checked on her. The poor dear is crying like her heart is broken.”
“What happened?” William wanted to run to Mary Ellen, but first he needed to know what had occurred.
“Here,” Mrs. Parker handed him the stationery she’d been holding. “She received this today in the mail. After she read it, she rushed upstairs and locked herself in her room. Been crying like her heart is broken ever since.”
Instead of asking what was in the letter, he took it and began to read.

My dearest Mary Ellen,
It is with a heavy heart I must inform you, your dear mother has left this world. You and I know she has not been quite right since the tragic news of young Ed reached her ears. 
Last Sunday they found her poor body floating the lake – she had drowned. One of your father’s neighbors saw her walking down the road to the lake and he called out to her, but she did not answer – just continued to walk. As we both know, your mother was an excellent swimmer. I believe she simply could no longer handle the burden of her grief.
Her funeral was yesterday. I considered calling you earlier, but your father informs me you are with child, and a trip down here under these conditions would not be good for you or the baby.
Your father seems to feel you are not strong enough at this time to hear this news, but I feel he underestimates a woman’s strength, and I believe strongly you have the right to know about your mother. I know how close you two were.
 I know this is an awkward time to say congratulations, but a new baby – new life – often helps ease our pain when we lose a loved one.
After you left, and your parents and brothers moved into the new house, your father hired George Peter’s widow, Helen, to help care for your mama and boys. They – Helen and your father – have become very close and have decided to marry. He feels it is best not to wait, since he has five young sons still at home who need a mother. They will probably be married by the time you receive this letter.
I know now your father was right in arranging this marriage for you. You are safe in your new home, with a husband who can take care of you and a baby on the way. You have much to be grateful for.
I am very sorry for your dear mother, but I believe she is in a better place.
With love, Aunt Rachael

William folded the letter and tucked it into his pocket. He was about to go upstairs when Mrs. Parker stopped him.
“Mr. William, it’s Mr. Randall, I have him on the phone. He wants to talk to you.”
William paused for a moment, glanced up the stairs, and then turn and followed the housekeeper to the telephone in the parlor.
“Hello?” William said into the phone.
“William, Mrs. Parker tells me things are quite upside down there.”
“Mary Ellen just learned her mother died. She drowned.”
“Yes, I know.”
“Oh, Mrs. Parker told you…”
“No. I knew right after it happened. Her father called me on Monday.”
“What? You knew all this time and you didn’t think to tell your wife?” 
Mrs. Parker cringed at the way William shrieked into the phone, but she didn’t leave the room.
“I didn’t want her to make the trip for a funeral, not with the baby coming. I’d planned to tell her later, just not now. Her father promised his sister wouldn’t write Mary Ellen about her mother. Apparently his sister went behind his back. Had I known there was a chance, I would have had Mrs. Parker intercept the letter.”
William almost asked Randall why he hadn’t told him about Mary Ellen’s mother, so he would be prepared if something like this were to happen. Yet, the truth was, he was somewhat relieved that he hadn’t known, and hadn’t concealed the information from her.
“I have a favor to ask you,” Randall said.
“What?”
“I don’t want to leave her alone, considering her emotional state and the baby. Can you please stay overnight at the house, so you can periodically check in on her?”
“Don’t you think it would be better if Mrs. Parker or Lily stay with her through the night?”
“Already Mary Ellen has asked them to leave her room, so I doubt she’d welcome the intrusion. I know you two have spent some time together, I imagine she has grown comfortable with you.  
“I notice this incident has rattled Mrs. Parker, and if my wife gets worse, she’ll just end up calling you anyway. You can stay in my room.  I’ll have Mrs. Parker prepare it. Here, let me talk to her.” William wanted to argue with Randall, but he didn’t want to abandon Mary Ellen. Silently he motioned for the housekeeper to take the phone. 
When she finished speaking to her employer, she let William take the phone back. He said his goodbyes and hung up.
“Mr. William, if you make a list of some things you need for the night, I’ll have Franklin run over to your place and pick them up.”
“Thanks, Mrs. Parker. Is Lily up with Mary Ellen?”
“Yes, she’s outside the door. Mrs. Coulson said she wanted to be alone. Lily is just standing in the hallway listening, in case Mrs. Coulson needs anything.”
“Good. I tell you what, go have Franklin head over to my place, and I’ll call Henry and have him fix a bag for me. After I call Henry, I’ll go upstairs and check on Mrs. Coulson.”
“Yes sir.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Parker.”
William headed upstairs after he called Henry. He reached the second floor landing, glanced left down the hallway, and noticed Mrs. Parker entering Randall’s room with a stack of fresh towels. She was obviously preparing the room for his stay. 
Outside of Mary Ellen’s room, Lily sat on the floor, her chin resting on her knees. Lost in thought, Lily failed to notice William approach.
“Lily?”
Startled, she jumped to her feet and faced William.
“Yes sir?” she asked nervously.
“Have you checked on Mrs. Coulson recently?”
“I peeked in about five minutes ago. Poor dear is still sobbing. I wish I could help her, but she wants to be alone.”
“I’m going in to speak to her. I would like you to go downstairs and prepare a tray of food. Something that can sit out for a while, because I don’t imagine she’ll eat anything right away, but she’ll need something eventually, to keep up her strength.”
“Yes sir.” Lily turned, heading downstairs.
“And Lily…” William called out.
Lily stopped and turned to face William.
“When you bring back the tray, set it on the table outside her room. And then you can go back to your normal chores.”
“Are you sure, sir?”
“Yes. We’ll be fine. If I need anything, I’ll call you.”
“Yes sir.” Lily dashed down the stairs and headed to the kitchen.
Alone in the hallway, William took a deep breath and approached Mary Ellen’s bedroom. Standing before her door he knocked on it, then called out Mary Ellen. There was no answer, so he slowly opened the door and walked in.
He found her lying on her bed, curled up in a fetal position, her back to him. There was no sound, but by the way her body trembled, it was obvious that she was shedding silent tears. Approaching the bed, he whispered her name. 
“Mary Ellen, it’s William.” When he got to the side of the bed, she rolled over onto her back, sat up and looked up at him as she wiped the tears from her face. Awkwardly she tugged at her skirt and repositioned herself to cover her bare ankles and feet.
“William…you know,” she whispered.
“Yes, I read the letter. I hope you don’t mind, but everyone was so worried about you. May I sit down?” 
She gave him a nod and he sat on the edge of her bed. Not for a moment did he consider the impropriety of the situation.
“I’m very sorry for your mother.” He reached out and took her hand, giving it a slight squeeze, continuing to hold it. Her tear filled eyes looked up into his face and once again the silent tears slid down her cheeks.
It happened so quick. One moment they were sitting at arm’s length, William holding her hand—and the next he was sitting on her bed, holding Mary Ellen in his arms as she bitterly cried, her tears dampening his shirt. Silently he stroked her hair and whispered words of comfort. 
Lily brought the tray of food a few minutes later and sat it on the table outside Mary Ellen’s bedroom. The door was ajar so she peeked in the room. When she saw William holding Mrs. Coulson, she pulled the door completely closed, giving the pair privacy.
“How is Mrs. Coulson, is she eating anything?” Mrs. Parker asked when Lily entered the kitchen a few minutes later.
“The poor thing is still crying, but Mr. Hunter is watching over her. She’s in good hands. I think it best if we give Mrs. Coulson some privacy now. I remember how I felt when I lost George.”

Chapter Fourteen

The moon cast a golden glow over the silent bedchamber. Restless in her sleep, Mary Ellen woke and slipped from her bed to use the bathroom. Unable to clearly see the clock on her dresser, she did not know the time. The house was still.
The previous afternoon William held her in his arms for several hours as she sobbed, until finally, there were no more tears to shed. He eventually convinced her to eat some of the food Lily had brought, and then he sat with her until she fell asleep.
When evening arrived, Lily came into her room with another tray of food, and helped prepare Mary Ellen a bath. Under normal circumstances, Mary Ellen would have resisted the assistance, yet she had little strength to resist or bathe herself.
Knowing William was staying down the hallway in Randall’s room if she needed him, Mary Ellen convinced Lily to go home that evening. She knew Lily had two young children at home, and they needed their mother. She knew how precious mothers were.
 Convinced Mary Ellen would sleep soundly throughout the night, considering the emotionally exhausting day, Mrs. Parker stayed in her own room on the lower floor. 
After using the bathroom, Mary Ellen wandered over to her bedroom window and looked out on the grounds. The full moon cast an eerie light on the surrounding landscape. Lace curtains fluttered toward her, as the evening’s summer breeze made its way in the open window. It almost felt chilly. Loneliness washed over her. 
In actuality, she’d lost her mother months earlier, along with her eldest brother. Yet her mother’s death brought a finality that Mary Ellen was not prepared to face. She’d never been close to her father, who had little use for a daughter, and her relationship with the younger brothers was that of adult and child. Of all her older brothers, it was Ed whom she was closest to. Since marrying Randall, she hadn’t received a single letter from her brothers or father.
She supposed she was close to Aunt Rachel, in a limited way. Yet she’d never feel comfortable confiding in Rachael, not in the way she might have done with her mother at one time. There had never been an opportunity to develop close relationships with other girls or young women. She was far too busy helping take care of her younger brothers. Instead of friends, she found solace in the books she read. 
It was in that moment she realized there was one person in the world she shared a special bond with, William. With him, she felt safe, accepted and loved. Loved.  He never said he loved her, but she felt his love. It wrapped around her like a comforting blanket capable of keeping all sorts of evil at bay. When he held her and she cried over the loss of her mother, he wasn’t able to take her pain away, but he showed her she would get through the pain. 
So weary of the loneliness, and intuitively knowing whatever bond she shared with William would vanish when Randall returned, Mary Ellen found herself walking toward her bedroom door, into the hallway and toward her husband’s bedroom. 
She didn’t knock when she reached Randall’s bedroom door, but gently turned its doorknob and pushed open the door. William wasn’t in the bed. He was standing at the bedroom window, looking out over the grounds, as she had been doing moments earlier. Hearing her enter the room, he silently turned and faced her.
William said nothing, but watched as Mary Ellen moved silently toward him; her white cotton nightgown outlined her feminine form, its floor length skirt fluttered slightly as she moved in his direction.
 Instinctively William opened his arms, welcoming Mary Ellen into his embrace. She went willingly, her hands reaching for his face, which she held between her soft palms as she stood on tiptoes. Not for a moment did William question the kiss; it was inevitable. Nor did he realize it was Mary Ellen’s first kiss.
 Sliding his hands over the base of her spine, he could feel her body beneath the thin fabric of the nightgown. Frantic, unskilled kisses stoked the fire of their passion. Without thought or consideration, William eased her toward the bed, never once breaking from the kiss. Moments later, Mary Ellen found her body sprawled atop the mattress as she looked up toward the ceiling. No longer were they kissing. Instead William hastily unfastened the buttons along the front of the nightgown. Mary Ellen attempted to steady her breathing and gave her body completely into William’s care.
She felt his moist mouth on her breast, gently sucking one nipple into his mouth as his hands kneaded the soft, plump mounds. Randall had never touched her there and she arched her back, wanting more.
Later she would wonder why Aunt Rachel’s special cream wasn’t needed to ease William into her body. His hard shaft found its way in with little effort and she wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling him closer, welcoming each thrust.
There was no pain, no discomfort, just an agonizingly exquisite, anxious sensation pushing her toward some unknown conclusion, and when she reached it, it took her breath away for she had no idea it could be like this.
Afterwards they lay in each other’s arms for several hours, while William gently stroked Mary Ellen’s bare shoulder and kissed the top of her head. Her nightgown had come off, as had his pajamas, and both were totally nude under the cool silk sheets. Mary Ellen snuggled into his warm embrace and fell asleep, feeling no guilt.
• • • •
William lay quietly in the bed, holding his best friend’s wife in his arms. Had Randall been in love with Mary Ellen, he might be feeling more guilt—or not. If Mary Ellen was not carrying Randall’s child then perhaps he and Mary Ellen could have a future together. It would be difficult, but not impossible. Unfortunately, a child changed everything. There was no way Randall would willingly divorce his wife and give up a child, especially if it was a son. William would never ask Mary Ellen to give up a child.
While he and Randall had always been close, William did not for a moment imagine this breach would not destroy that friendship if Randall found out. William knew if given the choice, a life with Mary Ellen at his side or his friendship with Randall, he would choose Mary Ellen. Unfortunately, he did not have that choice. There were too many complications. The baby changed everything.
Mary Ellen slept soundly, and it took a little maneuvering for William to slip the nightgown back onto her nude body. She is lovely, he thought. Before re-buttoning the front of the garment, he ran his hand over her belly, thinking briefly of the child growing in her womb. His hand moved lower touching the silky down between the juncture of her thighs. He couldn’t resist the temptation to press his fingers into the moist opening.
Like a flower opening to the sun, Mary Ellen, still half asleep, spread her thighs wider apart, giving William a silent invitation, which he accepted. When she awoke fully, he was deep inside her. Again her legs wrapped around his body, pulling him deeper, wanting more.
After they made love the second time, William suggested Mary Ellen go back to her own room. He didn’t want to risk Mrs. Parker finding her gone should they fall asleep in Randall’s bed. 
William didn’t send her back to the room alone, but accompanied her. Not prepared to leave each other, they both climbed into her bed and made love two more times. When the sun rose that morning, he slipped out of the room, just minutes before Mrs. Parker started her way up the stairs to check on her mistress.
Mrs. Parker gently opened the door to Mary Ellen’s room. The young woman appeared to be sleeping soundly on her bed, under the quilt. The housekeeper shut the door, and headed back downstairs. 
A distinct, musty odor permeated the air in Randall’s bedchamber—sex. William threw open the windows to let in the fresh morning air. The sweet scent of feminine colognes and toiletries masked whatever carnal scents lingered in Mary Ellen’s room. 
Throwing back the quilt, he didn’t see any signs of bodily fluids on the bed sheets, and suspected that was because he’d deposited them all in Mary Ellen’s body. The thought made him hard again, and he wasn’t sure how he could possibly be around Mary Ellen and not touch her again. His life had gotten far too complicated. 
William straightened the bed, not wanting the housekeeping staff to speculate as to why he was such a rough sleeper. He quickly dressed in the fresh clothes Henry had sent over, and then walked down the hallway to check on Mary Ellen.
Looking into her room, he watched her for a moment. By her steady and rhythmic breathing, he could tell she was in a deep slumber. Gently, he closed the door and let her sleep. She needed it; he’d kept her up all night making love. William couldn’t help but smile. He couldn’t remember ever having such stamina. 
Downstairs he found Mrs. Parker with the cook in the kitchen. She poured him a cup of coffee and suggested he go into the parlor and she’d bring him some breakfast.  He took his mug of coffee with him and when he entered the cozy room, he sat down at the small table where he and Mary Ellen had shared their dinners. Looking out the opened window, he surmised it would be another warm day.
“I’m sure Lily and I can handle Mrs. Coulson,” Mrs. Parker told him when she brought his breakfast. “I imagine you have things you need to do. Please don’t feel you must stay here.” Mrs. Parker set the tray of food on the table then took a moment to remove the dishes from the tray and arrange them on the table for William. 
“I promised Randall I’d stay around. I wasn’t planning to go into the office today, anyway. It being Sunday and all.”
“Whatever you decide, Mr. William. I just wanted you to know that if you need to go, I’m sure Lily and I can handle things.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Parker. I appreciate that. And breakfast looks very good, by the way. Thank you.”
“Can I get you anything else?” 
“No, this looks wonderful. Thank you.” William sat down at the place the housekeeper had just set for him. She smiled at William, took the empty tray and left the room.
Lily entered the room a few minutes after William finished breakfast, and started to clear the dirty dishes.
“Lily, do you always work on Sundays?” he asked.
“Not every Sunday. But Mrs. Parker thought it would be a good idea if I came in today, in case Mrs. Coulson needs me.”
“I see. By any chance have you checked on her?”
“A few minutes ago, sir. She’s still sleeping soundly. Poor thing, she must have had a rough night. Did she keep you up much, sir?”
Yes, she kept me blissfully up all night.
 “A little. In fact, I think I’ll grab a nap, I’m a little sleepy.” 
“Mrs. Parker just stripped the sheets off the bed you slept in. If you’ll wait a minute, I’ll take some clean sheets up and get the bed made.”
“No, that’s okay. I think I’ll try out that hammock Mrs. Coulson told me about, the one in the garden. Will you get me when she wakes up?”
“Certainly, Mr. Hunter.”
William gave Lily a nod, then made his way to the back door off the kitchen. From there he walked down to the garden area. He wondered if a nap might help clear his mind and help him sort out the complications of his current situation.

Chapter Fifteen

“You certainly look comfortable,” Randall said cheerfully. William bolted upright, causing the hammock to swing violently. Randall laughed and steadied the hammock so William wouldn’t fall.
“Sorry, did I scare you? You were sleeping so soundly, I almost feel guilty waking you.”
“Where the hell did you come from?” William asked, rubbing the sleep from his eyes as he got from the hammock and stood next to Randall in the garden.
“My train arrived an hour ago. I confess, you got to me William.”
“What are you talking about?” William glanced nervously toward the house and wondered if Mary Ellen was still sleeping.
“I really don’t want you to think I’m completely heartless. The woman I married is carrying my child, she just lost her mother, and you are right. My place is here, supporting her. I’m taking your suggestion. I took the liberty to call Henry, and he packed a bag for you.”
“I don’t understand?”
“You need to hurry man. I have a car waiting to take you to the train station. You’re going to Chicago and finish the deal. I’ll call you later and we can discuss the details, but you need to get moving, or you’ll miss the train.”
“What about Mary Ellen?”
“I just checked on her. She’s still sleeping. But don’t worry about her, she’s my responsibility now.” 
• • • •
William felt sick inside. It was not due to the gentle swaying of the train car as it plodded down the track, but knowing he’d unwittingly abandoned the woman he loved. Everything moved so fast, he didn’t have time to come up with a plausible reason to stay in Philadelphia or to at least wake Mary Ellen so he could say goodbye. But even that would not have worked out, considering Randall would have been there, watching.
William closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Perhaps this was for the best. Had Mary Ellen not been carrying Randall’s child, then he would have stayed and fought for the woman he loved. Yet, he knew in his deepest heart that a future with Mary Ellen was not his. It never had been. As it was, they had stolen this time together. Time he would forever cherish.
• • • •
Mary Ellen drifted in and out of sleep; resisting the pull of wakefulness, she moved restlessly in the bed. When the mattress dipped and then she felt a hand on her shoulder, she fluttered her eyes open, prepared to face the day. Letting out a little groan she rolled over, fully expecting to see William. Instead of William, it was her husband Randall looking down at her. She froze and looked up into his dark eyes.
“Randall?” she said numbly. He smiled down at her. 
“I’m sorry about your mother, Mary Ellen. Truly.”
Licking her lips nervously, Mary Ellen sat up in the bed, pulling the blankets up around her. Randall did not seem to notice or mind her show of modesty.
“When did you arrive?”
“About two hours ago. You’ve been sleeping the day away, and I thought perhaps it might be best if you get up, have something to eat.”
“Where is William?” She didn’t consider if the question might be inappropriate. She had to know.
“He’s on his way to Chicago, to finish the merger.”
“I don’t understand.”
“William is a good friend, to both of us. He was continually reminding me my place was here with my wife, and offered to finish up in Chicago, so I could come home and be with you. I realized yesterday he was right. You’re carrying my child, Mary Ellen, and I’m sorry if I’ve neglected you. I’ll try to be a better husband in the future.”
Mary Ellen sat speechless, her mind a whirl of conflicting thoughts. William was gone, gone! He had left her. What was even more devastating—knowing he had offered to go to Chicago so Randall could come home and be with her. Had last night meant anything to William?
After placing a perfunctory kiss on her forehead, Randall instructed Mary Ellen to dress and come downstairs to get something to eat.
“I’ll be waiting for you in the dining room,” he told her as he left the room. Mary Ellen wanted to cry, but she had no more tears. Reluctantly she pulled herself from bed.
While dressing she remembered it was Sunday, and recalled what her father had said when she boarded the train to Philadelphia. Be a good and obedient wife, and attend church every Sunday. She imagined she would be a great disappointment to her father. A wife who made love to a husband’s best friend could hardly be termed good and obedient—and not once had she attended church on Sunday since arriving at her new home. Inside she felt sick, and wondered if she might actually vomit.
Just because William had left her, didn’t make her want to prolong the loveless marriage. If anything, last night had showed her what she was missing. 
Securing the last button on her blouse, she looked into the mirror. I will tell Randall I want a divorce, she told herself. Then she froze, remembering the passions shared just hours earlier. 
What if I am pregnant with William’s child? No, absolutely not. That is impossible. After all, Randall came to me every night and I didn’t get with child. One night with William couldn’t possibly get me pregnant.
Refusing to accept that scenario, Mary Ellen ran a brush through her hair and headed downstairs to meet her husband in the dining room.
• • • •
Mary Ellen’s quiet demureness over the following weeks was attributed to the loss of her mother. On his second night home, Randall presented Mary Ellen with a gift. It was a diamond encrusted wedding band. She sat quietly and submissively as he slipped it on her finger.
It fit perfectly, yet was not especially comfortable. Bulky diamonds covered the entire band. Mary Ellen found herself looking at the ring numerous times during the day—every day, turning her hand to and fro, silently likening the ring to a noose around one’s neck and looking forward to the day she could return it to Randall.
She had no choice but to wait until her period started before telling Randall she wanted to end the marriage. Mary Ellen had no idea how Randall would react, and she didn’t expect her father would take her back, especially considering his new bride. Perhaps Aunt Rachael would take her in. But if she was pregnant with William’s child, she would need to rethink her options. 
A few of Randall’s friends called, wanting to meet the new Mrs. Coulson, yet Randall explained his bride was in mourning. Mary Ellen tried to get used to this new Randall, who seemed far more attentive and courteous than he had initially been during their first weeks together. One thing she was grateful for—he remained unaffectionate and did not demand kisses or petting. In many ways, he reminded her of an attentive older brother.
When he mentioned the baby, she wanted to scream, I am not carrying your child! Yet she held her tongue and now regretted not letting the household staff figure out she was having her monthly cycle. The news would have inevitably gotten to Randall, thereby ending this painful charade.
In many ways, her routine did not change. Each day Randall left for the office, and she continued to spend hours in the garden with her books. Unfortunately, it was impossible to focus on reading, and she found herself whiling away the hours pining for William as she lounged in the hammock under the large shade tree in the garden.
 Instead of dining in the parlor, as she had with William, they went back to eating in the formal dining room. During supper, Randall initiated conversations with his wife, touching on a myriad of topics, such as war, politics, entertainment and even Coulson-Hunter Enterprises. Mary Ellen didn’t know if this new talkative version was due to the fact he didn’t have William as a dinner companion, or if it was part of his campaign to improve the state of their marriage.
Mary Ellen did not hear from William, nor did she expect to. He never called her on the phone or sent letters. Discreetly she asked Randall how he was doing, an inquiry that didn’t seem to faze her husband. According to Randall, William was doing well, but keeping very busy. He mentioned a sister of one of their Chicago business associates, and speculated the woman was probably vying for William’s spare time, yet added his friend could do much better. 
The mention of William possibly seeing another woman provoked a painful twisting in Mary Ellen’s stomach. She did her best not to reveal her true feelings to her husband, afraid that would complicate matters when it came time to ask for a divorce.
William was expected back in Philadelphia toward the end of the first week in August—around the same time Mary Ellen was due to start her period. The first week of August came and went, and neither William, nor her period arrived. According to Randall, there was a slight glitch in the merger, and William’s business trip would be extended. Remembering how her period had been late the previous month, Mary Ellen refused to believe she might be pregnant.
• • • •
It was well into the third week in August when Lily found Mary Ellen sitting on the bathroom floor, vomiting into the toilet bowl.
“You poor dear,” Lily said, wiping Mary Ellen’s forehead with a wet cloth. “You’ve got a bad case of morning sickness.”
“What are you talking about?” Mary Ellen looked up.
“Morning sickness. You’ve been heaving into the toilet every day this week, first thing in the morning. I had a nasty case myself. But mine came earlier than yours. Started right away, but stopped after a couple months. Of course, I know of women who’ve struggled with it the entire pregnancy.”
“No, I think I might have the influenza,” Mary Ellen insisted, still sitting on the floor.
Lily briefly placed the palm of her hand on Mary Ellen’s forehead.
“Nah, you haven’t a fever. And it’s a good thing you don’t have the influenza, would be dangerous for the baby. Now I’ll tell you a little secret. Eat a bit of crackers right when you go to bed at night, and first thing when you wake up. It’ll settle your tummy. I’ll make sure you have some by your bedside. Trust me on this. Will make you feel much better.”
Mary Ellen sat numbly on the bathroom floor as Lily gently washed her face with a clean, wet cloth, and brushed her hair. For a brief moment Mary Ellen was reminded of her mother, who might have done the very same thing for a daughter who had spent the morning vomiting into the toilet bowl.
When Lily was confident the heaving was over, she helped Mary Ellen to her feet and assisted in her dressing. Mary Ellen felt totally helpless and allowed the attention. It was impossible to focus on anything, even the mundane task of getting dressed, when one thought kept going through her head. I am pregnant with William Hunter’s baby.
Mary Ellen closed her eyes for a brief moment and silently asked herself what she was going to do. If she were truly pregnant, how could she ask her husband for a divorce? Everyone assumed she was already pregnant with her husband’s child. What would happen if she could get her husband to believe the baby was not his, but William’s? 
Questions swirled around in Mary Ellen’s befuddled brain. There were no clear answers. A woman who had a child out of wedlock, or by a man who was not her husband was shunned by society. She had no money to support herself, and would William want her? Would such a revelation destroy him as well as her?
Then she remembered. It was she who instigated the love making, not William. She entered his room uninvited and went willingly into his arms. Her brother Ed had often warned her of the weak character of men, and how it was her responsibility to guard her chastity.
Shortly before Ed went off to war, he gave his little sister a firm warning and told her, Just remember Mary Ellen, a stiff prick has no conscience. At the time, she had no idea what he meant. Now she knew.
Chapter Sixteen

“I’m glad I listened to you,” Randall told William when he picked him up at the train station. 
September was just days away and William had spent far longer in Chicago than either partner had initially anticipated. Unfortunately, one of the principles to the merger suffered a heart attack just days after William arrived in Chicago. 
“How so?” William didn’t know if he really cared what Randall had to say at this point—he was beyond exhausted. The only thing that had saved his sanity this past month was that he had to focus his entire attention on business or risk losing the deal. It helped take his mind off Mary Ellen. Yet even so, she was never far from his thoughts.
“I took your advice, made an effort to get to know her—not just as the woman who will bear my children, but as the woman who will share my life. She is quite intelligent, that rather surprised me.”
“Intelligent? Yes, she is. How’s she feeling, by the way?”
“Still mourning the loss of her mother, which is to be expected. I suppose I should have allowed her to go to the funeral. Mrs. Parker believes that might have helped her get over the loss quicker. She is still quite ill from the pregnancy.”
“Ill?”
“Morning sickness. Throws up every morning.” The two men walked from the depot to Randall’s motor car. Henry was also at the station, picking up his employer’s luggage, which he would transport back to William’s estate in another vehicle.
“Really? I don’t believe she was experiencing that before.”
“Hopefully she won’t with all her pregnancies. Oh, and she now has a proper wedding ring. I would have shown it to you before you left for Chicago, but we really didn’t have time. Fits her perfectly and by the way, she’s constantly admiring it, I believe I made the perfect choice.”
“So she’s happy?”
“Why wouldn’t she be? Aside from dealing with her mother’s death, she’s doing very well. I’m still holding off on the wedding reception, and now with the morning sickness, I’m waiting for her to feel better. Of course, you can see for yourself. You’re having dinner with us.”
“No Randall, not tonight. I’m really exhausted, and I just want to get home.”
“Are you sure? I believe Mrs. Parker had the cook make all your favorites.”
“Yes, I’m certain. I just want to go home and sleep for a week.”
“Well, you deserve the rest. You did a brilliant job in Chicago, and especially since you came in at the last minute and then had to deal with Holt and the rest of it.”
“Thanks for the dinner invitation, maybe some other time.”
In truth, William was not emotionally prepared to see Mary Ellen again. It had been weeks since their tumultuous night together, and their separation was so abrupt, they never had an opportunity to say goodbye or discuss what had happened. Perhaps this is all for the best, he thought. Maybe this is how it is supposed to be.  
It gave him some comfort to know Randall was sincerely trying to be a better husband. He assumed that meant Mary Ellen was also in Randall’s bed. William preferred not to think of them that way. William Hunter loved both Mary Ellen and Randall. Randall as a brother and Mary Ellen as the woman he would give his life for. 
In order for the two people he loved the most in the world to find happiness in their marriage, he could no longer interfere. He needed to back away from his best friend’s wife.
• • • •
 “He isn’t coming for dinner?” Mary Ellen asked when she walked into the dining room that evening and noticed only two place settings.
“No. I’m afraid the Chicago trip wiped him out and he just wanted to get home and rest. Can’t say I really blame him.” 
Before sitting down at the table, he picked up Mary Ellen’s right hand, and gave the back of it a quick kiss. It was a nightly ritual he’d instigated a week earlier, and the extent of intimacy they shared. She’d never seen her father do that with her mother. Edward had typically kissed Sally’s cheek in the presence of their children. Mary Ellen wondered if her father kissed his new wife’s cheek.
The memory of William kissing her breasts flashed in her mind, and she found herself growing warm with a blush. She could not imagine Randall ever doing such a thing.
“Is everything all right, dear?” Randall asked. Her husband had also fallen into the habit of calling her dear, which she found slightly charming. 
“No, why do you ask?”
“You look rather flushed. Is it too warm in here?”
“I am a bit warm,” she lied.
“It has been a hellish summer. I’ll be looking forward to fall.”
“I agree, it will be much nicer in the fall,” Mary Ellen murmured. She sat quietly and watched as a maid set a platter of grilled meat on the table. Her mind wandered again and she thought of William, and how he had kissed her breasts, the way his hands eagerly explored every inch of her body. Never once did she feel the need for her aunt’s special cream. 
William’s lovemaking was very different from Randall’s. Comparing the two, the thought occurred to her that her husband did not particularly enjoy the act. There was no doubt in her mind that William thoroughly enjoyed their time together. With Randall, it was as if he was performing some necessary task, and simply wanted to get it over as quickly as possible. Initially she was relieved he had not lingered or explored, yet she now found the entire situation perplexing.
“Would you be up to going to the theatre in a week or so?” Randall asked after he finished his dinner. 
“Theatre? Why yes, that would be nice.”
“I was thinking, your illness seems to be confined to the early morning, so I don’t imagine you’ll have a problem at the theatre.”
“I’m sure I would be fine. I’d love to go.”
“Wonderful. Perhaps we can meet some friends there. I believe you’ve already met the Clarks and Vanderbooms. When you start showing, it’ll be best for you to stay close to home, so we might as well enjoy this time now, while we can. Perhaps by next week William will be well rested and can join us.”
• • • •
 “Are you crying?” Lily asked Mary Ellen when she came into her room to help her get ready for the theatre.
“Oh, isn’t that what pregnant women do?” Mary Ellen smiled, trying to conceal the real reason for the tears. 
She learned that afternoon William would be joining them at the theatre and bringing a date. It is time to face the reality of the situation, she told herself.  When she discovered she was pregnant with William’s baby, she knew she would not be taking off Randall’s wedding ring. She had no other choice but to stay his wife and make the marriage work.
In spite of that realization, there was a secret part of her that clung tightly to the fanciful notion that she and William would find a way to be together. William just needed to come home and when he saw her again, a solution would fall into place and everything would magically work out.
It was obvious William had moved on, and whatever they shared was just a brief moment in their lives, something she needed to put behind her.  Tonight I will begin moving forward.
Lily brought Mary Ellen a wet cloth so she could wash her tear stained face. After Mary Ellen applied a discrete amount of cosmetics, the maid helped her into the gown before dressing her hair. 
“You still don’t look pregnant,” Lily noted while fastening the buttons on Mary Ellen’s dress.
“My mother was the same way,” Mary Ellen lied.
• • • •
William managed to avoid seeing Mary Ellen for almost a week. He realized he needed to get the first meeting over with, or Randall would start asking questions. Meeting the couple at the theatre with other friends was probably the best option. While he preferred not facing Mary Ellen with a date on his arm, he felt it would be strange to show up at the theatre alone. He was also concerned other people might start questioning his relationship with Mary Ellen, if he didn’t bring a date.
William noticed Mary Ellen the moment she walked in the theatre on her husband’s arm. It was the first time the couple was seen in public and already heads were turning to get a glimpse. The woman on William’s arm, Margaret Garner, was the daughter of a business associate. She was also a young widow and William found himself wishing he’d come alone to the theater or asked someone who didn’t wish to pursue a deeper relationship. It didn’t take him long to realize his attractive companion was shopping for husband number two.
It was crowded and noisy in the theater lobby and Mary Ellen and William’s initial hello was both rushed and impersonal. Mary Ellen did her best to appear cheerful as she clung possessively to Randall’s arm, praying she would not cry or throw up. William did his best to conceal his true feelings toward Mary Ellen, so as not to embarrass the woman he loved. Unfortunately, his forced gaiety only stoked his date’s expectations for the evening.
There was no real opportunity to chat at the theatre. It wasn’t until the couples met for a late supper at a restaurant that they were free to converse. Four couples sat around the table, and Mary Ellen had met all of them before, except for William’s date, Margaret.
“Next year at this time we won’t be able to do this,” Mildred Clark commented as she sipped her sherry.
“What do you mean?” Mitzy Vanderboom asked.
“I believe she is referring to this,” Vincent Vanderboom said as he held up a glass of brandy.
“I can’t believe they’re actually going to pass nationwide prohibition.” Mildred took another sip of her drink.
“Last I heard, thirteen states have ratified the amendment,” Vincent said.
“I believe it’s fourteen now,” William corrected.
“Just means new business opportunities,” Randall reminded them.
“Don’t tell me Coulson-Hunter is going into the moonshine business,” Vincent Vanderboom asked with a chuckle.
“Not sure about moonshine, but I don’t doubt for a minute every single person at this table has already filled their wine cellars.” They laughed at Randall’s quip, except for Mary Ellen and William whose gazes happen to lock momentarily, unnoticed by their dinner companions. The next moment the server arrived at the table and Mary Ellen was the first to look away, breaking the intense stare she’d briefly shared with the man she secretly loved.
• • • •
 “You seemed to enjoy yourself this evening,” Randall commented on their way home.
“I like your friends.” Mary Ellen meant it.
“They’re your friends now, too. I can tell they’re quite taken with you.” 
Mary Ellen recalled William has said something similar after their first night at the theatre.
“I hope William isn’t serious about Margaret,” Randall commented.
“Why is that?” Mary Ellen felt the same way, yet didn’t share that thought.
“She just isn’t right for him.”
“I thought you wanted him to marry and have children.” She remembered Randall telling William that during several of their dinners together.
“I suppose I want him to be happy. But she isn’t the one.”
Randall quickly changed the subject and said, “We’ve meetings set up for the next week and a half, because of the recent merger. If you’re feeling up to it, perhaps we can all go to the theatre again, after things settle down at work. Sometime after September eighteenth, if you’re still up to it.”
“I’d like that Randall, thank you.” 
 Unfortunately they didn’t make it back to the theatre for the rest of the year. By mid-September their world had changed.

Chapter Seventeen

The influenza epidemic of 1918, referred to as the Spanish influenza, killed approximately 50 million people worldwide within just a few months—more deaths than any other illness in recorded history. Although the disease was being reported overseas in Madrid, America was not paying attention. Troop movements during the final days of World War I contributed to the influenza’s rapid spread.
Philadelphia would be the American city with the highest death toll. No one really noticed when the first few cases were reported in mid-September, but by the first week of October theatres, restaurants, churches, vaudeville and saloons were closed throughout the state, with schools closing in Philadelphia. 

“You’ve closed the factory?” Mary Ellen greeted Randall at the front door. He’d told her his intentions that morning, but she wasn’t certain he would do it.
“I had no choice. It seems as if ninety-five percent of our labor force is either down with influenza or nursing a family member.”
“I assume William agreed.”
“He wanted me to do it last week.”
“How is William? I haven’t seen him since the theatre.” 
“Like me, he’s managed to avoid this damn thing. But I don’t know for how long. How are you feeling, Mary Ellen?”
Randall turned to his wife, sincere concern showing on his face.
“I’m fine. Just getting a little stir crazy, being confined to the estate.”
“Trust me, you’re better here.”
“I admit, I miss Lily. Never thought I would say that when I first met her.” Together they walked toward the kitchen, as dinner was about to be served.
“When this finally breaks, she can come back. But I don’t want the staff coming and going, bringing the illness here.”
“Thank you for paying her while she’s off, her family needs the money.” 
“I don’t want you to worry; it’s not good for the baby.” Randall failed to tell her it was actually William who suggested he continued to pay Lily while she was temporarily off work. With two small children at home, she was not in a position to live full time at the estate.
 William understood why Randall didn’t want staff coming and going, bringing the illness to Mary Ellen. The influenza gave William another reason to avoid coming to Coulson Estate. Should he come down with the influenza, he did not want to infect her or risk the unborn baby’s health. Randall was taking every precaution when out in public, which included wearing a face mask, yet he too was at risk.
They found Mrs. Parker in the kitchen, preparing something for them to eat. The cook, like Lily, was no longer coming to work, as she had a family off the estate to tend for. With the cook and Lily absent, many of their duties fell on Mrs. Parker’s shoulders.
“You can serve dinner now,” Mary Ellen told the housekeeper, then she and Randall went to the dining room.
“It’s a pitiful thing,” Mrs. Parker said as she served them each a bowl of soup. “I heard from Clara Barnes that the bridge ladies—you know them I think, they all live on the next street over.” Formality between the few remaining members of the household staff and the Coulsons was another casualty of the epidemic.
“Bridge ladies?” Mary Ellen asked with a frown.
“Oh, you haven’t met them, Mrs. Coulson. My friends call them the bridge ladies because the four faithfully play bridge every Tuesday night. They play until the wee hours of the morning. Have for the last fifteen years. They got together last Tuesday for their regular game, and by the next morning—every single one of them had come down with the influenza and died. Dropped dead right during the bridge game.”
“Oh, Mrs. Parker, where did you ever hear such a thing?” Randall asked.
“I told you, Mr. Randall, from Clara Barnes.”
“And how did you happen to talk to Clara Barnes?”
“On the telephone.”
“Mrs. Parker, you need to remember, none of us are to use the telephone lines unless it is an absolute necessity. They need to be kept open for emergencies.”
“Mr. Randall, I thought all four of the bridge ladies dropping over in a single night was something of an emergency.”
“Plus, I really don’t think Mrs. Coulson needs to hear this talk. It’s upsetting her.”
Mrs. Parker glanced over at Mary Ellen who was now white as a ghost, her eyes wide. The housekeeper blushed from embarrassment and apologized, before leaving the room to get the rest of the meal.
“Do you think that’s true?” Mary Ellen asked in a whisper. Randall reached over and patted her right hand, giving it a little squeeze.
“I’m afraid it might be. I actually heard a similar story from Sargent O’Malley. His version was slightly different—it was three women, but I do believe the basic story is true.”
“I wish I could help in some way.”
“You just have one job, Mary Ellen, and that is to take care of yourself and our baby.”
“I know, but I feel so helpless.” Mrs. Parker reentered the dining room with the second course of the meal. 
Randall failed to tell his wife the full horrors of the epidemic. Fortunately, the estate was moved far enough off the roadway so that it was virtually impossible to see all that had been happening beyond their gates.
Horse drawn carts made their way through the streets of the city collecting corpses. According to O’Malley, over 500 bodies were awaiting burial and it might take over a week before they could be put in the ground. It was impossible to keep up with the demand for coffins. 
Just that afternoon, he made a sardonic quip to William that it would be an excellent time to jump into the coffin business. Yet both he and William knew that as much as there was some truth to the jest, it would be impossible to find labor to produce the coffins. The epidemic was having a severe adverse financial impact on Coulson-Hunter Enterprises.
 “Over a year ago, had someone told me how quickly things can change, I would have given little thought to such an observation. But it is really quite a profound one.”  Mary Ellen said after Mrs. Parker left the room.
“When we were at the theatre last, none of us had an inkling something like this was coming,” Randall added.
“But it isn’t just the influenza. I look back at my life the last year or so, and it has been nothing but radical changes—changes that redirect our paths.”
“Like you marrying me?” Randall asked softly.
“And the fact you and I are talking like this. Before you left for Chicago, we never really talked. You… you frightened me.”
“I don’t now?”
Mary Ellen smiled and said, “A little, perhaps.” 
Randall laughed. “I’ve always thought it was a husband’s duty to keep his wife a little afraid.” While he sounded like he was teasing, Mary Ellen knew there was truth in the statement.
“What changed, Randall?”
“What do you mean?” He picked up his wine glass and took a sip.
“You know what I mean,” Mary Ellen said softly.
“I suppose I do.” Randall sat his wine glass on the table and looked at his wife. “I’m trying to be a better husband. I confess, I never really thought that was necessary.”
“Necessary? I really don’t understand.”
Randall didn’t respond immediately, but considered how best to express his thoughts. Finally he spoke.
“In life we all have needs or desires. Let’s say, as an example, I want a new motorcar. There are two available. The cars are exactly the same, and cost the same amount. The only difference, the second seller demands I also give him a little dance along with the payment. Obviously, I buy the first car, where there is no dance required.
“It’s my observation many men do a little dance when procuring a wife—and often they continue to do so after the vows. I never understood that. Once the vows are exchanged, I saw no reason for either party to do more than their basic duties.”
“A husband’s duty is to financially support his wife, and a wife’s is to give him children,” Mary Ellen stated, yet it was really more of a question.
“Exactly!” Randall smiled.
“I still am not clear in why you’ve changed since your return from Chicago. Do you see this all as some sort of frivolous dance?”
“Not any more. It was William, really. He was quite appalled at my lack of effort in getting to know you as a person.  William has always been a far better man than me,” Randall said wistfully.
“Why do you say that?”
“It’s true. In some ways, I suppose I rely on him to do the right thing—which of course allows me to do whatever I want to. William—he lets me know when I’ve gone too far. Which is what happened here.
“What surprised me was how much I actually enjoy talking with you. I hadn’t expected that. I’ve never really found women to be very interesting.”
“But you don’t love me.” Mary Ellen had no idea why she made the statement. One moment she was thinking it and in the next the words popped out of her mouth.
“No, nor do you love me.” Randall smiled softly.
“And that is okay with you, to have a marriage without love?”
“Since I was a child I saw marriage as a necessary institution, for both the human race and the economy. Love—love isn’t a necessary component for a successful marriage. If one desires love, they might find it in a marriage or outside of it.
“However, I’ve come to realize since returning from Chicago, and making an effort to know you better as a person—that developing a close friendship with your spouse can enrich a marriage. And while I don’t embrace the concept of being in love with my spouse, I now believe it is very possible to love you.”
“Have you ever been in love before?” Mary Ellen was feeling especially brave, since her husband seemed to be in a most talkative mood. 
He said nothing for a moment, then looked her straight in the eyes and said, “Yes.”
“You’re still in love with her,” Mary Ellen murmured. 
“It really doesn’t matter. We never—will never—have an opportunity to be together in that way. I accepted that long ago and have moved on.”
Mary Ellen almost asked, is that why you no longer come to me at night? Yet she wasn’t that brave and while she enjoyed this new version of her husband, she had no desire for him to come to her bed.  
They ate silently for a few moments before Randall started a new conversation.
“William is picking me up in the morning. We’re going back to the factory.”
“I thought you closed it down?”
“We’ve some supplies we’re donating, which we need to get from the storeroom. With the limited manpower, William and I are going to have to do it ourselves.”
“That’s good of you Randall.”
It was William’s idea, he thought, but instead said, “We were going to do it today, but it was getting too late and we just ran out of time.”

Chapter Eighteen

William pressed the heel of his palm against his right eye, trying to push back the discomfort. Clumsily making his way from his parked car to the front door, he was having a difficult time focusing. The pain behind his ears and eyes was excruciating. 
The coughing started after he left the plant, and he needed to call Randall. They’d been together all day long, and Randall might be on the verge of coming down with the influenza. According to recent reports, those who were most vulnerable to the ravages of the current epidemic were healthy young adults.  
Pushing open his front door, he was surprised to find the entry virtually dark. 
“Henry!” he called out, sending himself into a coughing fit. Closing the door behind him he walked toward the hallway, where there was light. Where is Henry? 
Staggering down the hallway, looking into the various rooms, he continually called for his butler. The rest of his household staff had left days earlier—all needed elsewhere to care for their family members. Only his butler, Charles Henry remained. 
William found him in the kitchen. The butler lay face down on the kitchen floor. Awkwardly dropping to his knees by the butler’s lifeless body, William used all his limited strength to roll Henry onto his back. The man was dead.  
With great effort, William stumbled to his feet and made his way back down the hall to his library. He needed to use the telephone.
• • • •
 “I thought you would be gone by now,” Mary Ellen asked when she walked into the parlor and found Randall drinking a cup of coffee. It was a few minutes past ten in the morning.
“William was supposed to be here an hour ago. I tried calling him, but no answer. Which is odd. There is always someone there.”
“You used the phone?” She raised a brow. 
“I figured this qualifies as an emergency, since we are donating vital supplies.”
“What are you going to do?”
“I’m going to drive over there. This isn’t like William.”
Mary Ellen thought of the bridge ladies, and a chill went up her spine. She said nothing.
• • • •
Thirty minutes later Randall pulled into William’s drive and noticed his friend’s car parked at a strange angle. It looked as if an inebriated driver had put it there.
Getting from his motorcar, Randall went to the front door and started to knock, but noticed the door was slightly ajar, so he pushed it inward. Immediately assaulted by a rancid odor he quickly donned his medical facemask.  Walking toward the source of the smell, he found himself in the kitchen, looking down at the discolored corpse of the butler. 
Immediately he started his search for William. Running down the hall he looked into each room until he found his friend, curled up in the fetal position on the floor of the library. Randall rushed to William’s side and immediately dropped next to him. Pulling the ill man into his arms he was relieved to find he was still alive.
“William!” Randall shouted, holding on tight to his old friend.
Wearily William opened his eyes and looked up into Randall’s face.
“Randall…” his voice was barely a whisper. “You need to go. Let me die. Go.”
“Damn it man, you will not die! Do you hear me?” 
“You have a family to think of,” William could barely make out the words.
“You’re the only family I ever wanted, and I will be damned I let you die! You will not die!”
William grew still and closed his eyes. Panicked, Randall pressed one ear against William’s chest. He could hear a heartbeat. Although William was a larger man than Randall, Randall managed to drag the sick man over to a couch, where he laid him. After depositing William on the couch, he immediately called for help.
• • • •
 “Is he going to be okay?” Mary Ellen clutched the telephone’s receiver as if it was a lifeline. Holding back the tears, she refused to imagine William would die.
“The doctor is here with him now, but he needs to leave. We moved William to one of the bedrooms downstairs and found someone to get Henry’s body.  We need to keep these phone lines open. I just wanted you to know what was going on and that I won’t be home.”
“You’re staying there?”
“Medical staff is so limited. I’m going to stay with William.”
“You’re going to care for him?”
“Yes. The doctor told me what I needed to do. I have to go now. I’ll try to call you when I know something. But don’t expect to see me for a while.”
• • • •
Cradling William in his arms, Randall brought the glass to his friend’s lips and tilted it ever so slightly.
“Drink, it will help.” Randall held the glass as William sipped the hot whisky. William drank a little, and then began to cough. Getting up from the bed, Randall arranged William, gently tucking a pillow beneath the man’s head. At least William’s nose had stop bleeding. 
The medical mask was suffocating but Randall dare not remove it. Leaving William’s side for a moment, he walked to the adjoining lavatory and washed his hands with warm water and soap.
Sitting down by William’s bed, he watched him sleep. William moaned as if in pain, and Randall reached out and gently stroked the sleeping man’s forehead with his fingertips.
“You can’t die on me, old friend,” Randall whispered. “I’ve loved you for as long as I can remember. I need you in my life. Who will help me be a better person?”
William fluttered his eyes open and looked directly into Randall’s face. 
“Hello stranger. You coming back to the living?” Randall asked with a sad smile.
“Where I am I?” William slurred his words.
“We’re at your house, in one of the downstairs bedrooms.”
“Henry…” William’s head remained on the pillow; it tossed back and forth as if he was attempting to sort things out. 
“We can talk about that later. You need your rest. Would you like some water?”
“Where’s Mary Ellen?” He sounded delirious. 
“She’s at home. Rest now.”
“Take care of her Randall. Don’t hurt her.”
“Rest, William, Mary Ellen is fine. I promise.”
• • • •
Restlessly napping, Mary Ellen sat in a rocking chair in the parlor. Randall had purchased it for her when he returned from Chicago, saying all mothers should have their own rocking chair. She woke up when Mrs. Parker entered the room.
“Oh, sorry Mrs. Coulson, I didn’t mean to wake you.”
“No, that’s okay, Mrs. Parker. I wasn’t really sleeping. Please sit down, and keep me company.”
“I’m afraid I have some bad news.”
Mary Ellen sat upright and looked closely at Mrs. Parker. She hadn’t looked when the housekeeper first came into the room, but now she could see the older woman had been crying.
“No… not William…”
“I don’t know about Mr. William. Haven’t heard. Mr. Randall hasn’t called you?”
“No. I keep sitting by the phone, hoping he will call, but nothing.”
Mrs. Parker let out a weary sigh and sat in a chair by Mary Ellen. She reached out and took one of Mary Ellen’s hands and held it.
“It’s Lily, dear.”
“Lily?” 
“One of her relatives left a note outside on the porch. I just found it. The influenza took both Lily and her mother.” 
Tears filled Mary Ellen’s eyes. “The girls?’
“They’re with their daddy’s mother. Both girls are fine. Apparently they were all sick, but the girls pulled through.”
Clutching Mrs. Parker’s hand, Mary Ellen began to weep.  It was just a matter of moments before the housekeeper began to cry and soon the two women were holding each other, sharing their sorrow and grief.
• • • •
An hour later, Mrs. Parker and Mary Ellen sat at the small table in the parlor eating some food Mrs. Parker had brought in ten minutes earlier. They’d finally stopped crying and were both exhausted. The sun was just setting and it was quiet in the main house.
“Where is everyone?” Mary Ellen noticed how quiet it was.
“It’s just the two of us.”
“Will they be back?”
“I suppose those that survive will.”
“Do you know if they’re having a funeral for Lily?”
“Mr. Randall would not want you to go.”
“I know that. But do you think they will, considering how many people are dying?” 
Mrs. Parker sighed and then said, “Mr. Randall gets annoyed with me when we discuss this sort of thing. He doesn’t want me to upset you.”
“I need to know what is going on. What aren’t you telling me?’
“I understand many are being buried at Potter’s Field, they just can’t keep up.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Apparently they tag the bodies for identification, and the Bureau of Highways is digging trenches.”
“You mean they’re burying them without coffins?”
“They say later they’ll dig them up, and rebury them proper. But they have to do something with the bodies now, and there is just so many, and leaving them unburied will just make the epidemic worse.”
Mary Ellen said nothing, and the two women sat in silence for a few minutes. Finally Mary Ellen chuckled then said, “Lily made me so mad when I first met her.” 
“Oh, you shook her up! She came down here that first morning, terrified you were going to have Mr. Coulson show her the door.”
“And you never said anything to my husband?”
“No. Lily was basically a good girl, and she really needed this job. She had those two little girls to take care of.”
“What will happen to them now?”
“From what I understand her mother-in-law is a very nice lady, adores those girls. Their papa was her only child, so I imagine she will smother them with love.”
“I suppose that’s the important thing for a child. To give them lots of love. That’s what I want to give this baby, all my love.”

Chapter Nineteen

As abruptly as the Spanish Influenza swept through the city, it subsided. By the end of October, Philadelphia churches were able to reopen and soon businesses followed suit. But in those few weeks, over 12,000 people died in Philadelphia and the revenue lost for local businesses was in the millions.
Those who survived moved on and put the pandemic behind them, turning their attentions to other pressing matters. By November, World War I was coming to an end. The New Year—1919—rolled in and with it the passage of the 18th Amendment, which prohibited the manufacture, sale, transport, import, or export of alcoholic beverages. It was slated to go into effect the following year. 
And in the spring of 1919, while heads of governments worked out the details of the peace treaties, Mary Ellen Coulson was preparing to give birth.

Mary Ellen sat quietly in the rocking chair reading Zane Gray’s The U.P. Trail. She was so enthralled in the story that she didn’t immediately notice William and Randall were looking her way while making teasing remarks over her choice of literature.
“What?” she finally said when she looked up and saw the two men staring at her.
“William was commenting on your most unfeminine choice of literature.”
“Wait a minute! You were the one who thought she should be reading something more appropriate for a woman in her delicate condition.”
“Oh, hush, you two!” 
They both laughed at her, then went back to what they were originally discussing and left Mary Ellen to her book.
She glanced back their way after they resumed their discussion. They were no longer watching her. Smiling softly, she considered all the changes in her life since coming to Philadelphia.
After William survived the influenza, it was weeks before she saw him.  When Randall felt it was safe for William to be around Mary Ellen, he invited him for dinner. William had lost a great deal of weight and tired easily, but Mary Ellen thought he looked wonderful.
Randall insisted he stay indefinitely, suggesting he move into one of the bedrooms in the downstairs wing of the house, considering William’s estate was woefully understaffed and he hadn’t yet replaced Henry. Reluctantly, William agreed. 
It was in the parlor that they were first alone with each other—Mary Ellen and William —the first time since their one night together. Mary Ellen was sitting in the rocking chair when Randall and William arrived. Randall stayed just a few minutes, and then explained he needed to go to the office for a few hours, but would be back in time for supper.
“He saved my life, you know.” William was the first to speak when they were alone.
“He was very worried about you. We both were.”
“I imagine I would have died had he not come over. He risked his life when he stayed and took care of me. He’s like a brother.”
“I know that.”
“I’m sorry about how I left—so abruptly—without saying anything.”
“I understand.” She really didn’t.
“It happened so fast—caught me off guard. And I’ve thought about it a thousand times, wondered what I should have done different. But it always comes back to the same thing—it was probably for the best. What we had for that brief time, I’ll always cherish. But we stole that time—you belong to Randall, he is your husband and soon you’ll be sharing a child. We need to put what happened behind us.”
“I love you,” Mary Ellen whispered. It wasn’t a planned acknowledgement, not something she intended to say. It was an expression she simply could not deny.
“I believe I’ll always love you, Mary Ellen.”
She closed her eyes. He loves me. He will always love me. 
They hadn’t spoken again of the night together or the love they shared. William stayed for a month, and when he regained his strength he returned to his home. He continued to come to Coulson Estate for dinners—but only several times a week, not nightly. 
Months earlier, in late November, Mary Ellen had received a letter from her aunt giving her the welcomed news that her brothers were all doing well. She hadn’t lost another one to war and none to the influenza. 
“If you will excuse me gentleman, I think I’ll go up to bed.” Mary Ellen stood up awkwardly. The advanced state of her pregnancy made it difficult for her to maneuver.
“It’s awfully early, are you feeling all right?” Randall sounded concerned. Both men stood up.
“No, I’m fine. Just tired.” She smiled.
“Well, you’re overdue, so please don’t ignore the signs so we can call the doctor.”
“I will. Promise.” Before she left the room, Randall took one of her hands in his and pressed a kiss on the back of it. It was something he did every morning in greeting—and every evening to say good night.
“Is the doctor a little concerned she’s late?” William asked after Mary Ellen went upstairs.
“He says she’s only a few days late by best estimation. I regret not having her see him earlier in her pregnancy. Looks like it’s going to be a big baby, so I wish he’d get here soon, because she’s a small thing.”
“Have you any idea how much you weighed when you were born?”
“I don’t believe I weighed much. I recall my mother saying I was about the twins’ size, and they were pretty small.”
“I’m glad to hear that. I imagine the only reason the baby seems so large is because she’s late, and it’s still growing. But I imagine he’ll get here soon enough.”
William thought a moment of his own mother who died shortly after his birth. He once heard his grandmother talking to one of the neighbor women about how he had been such a large baby and that his mother never recuperated from the labor. He wished Mary Ellen would hurry and have Randall’s child so he could stop worrying about her.
  Upstairs, Mary Ellen felt the first contraction; it hit her as swiftly and as brutally as the influenza had hit Philadelphia. Fortunately, Mrs. Parker was just coming up the stairs and heard Mary Ellen cry out.
Mary Ellen lay on the floor holding her belly, telling herself she couldn’t be in labor. By her estimation, she wasn’t due for another three weeks. By the time the doctor arrived, she was in full labor, but there were complications.  Harrison Randall Coulson arrived at 10:32 pm. on March 22, 1919, weighing in at 9 pounds 5 ounces. Mary Ellen and the baby were immediately rushed to the hospital.
• • • •
 “Hysterectomy?” Randall repeated the doctor’s words.
“I’m afraid there was simply too much damage. I’ll be honest with you, it’s still touch and go. We won’t know for a few hours.”
“Are you saying we could lose her?” 
“Yes.”
“I can’t lose her,” Randall told William after the doctor left. The two men sat alone in the waiting room. Numbed by the news, William found it difficult to breathe. She can’t die!
“At one time, I don’t think I would’ve really cared. I know that sounds dreadful,” Randall confessed.
“You’re in love with her?” William asked. 
“No—but I love her. I’ve never loved a woman before. I loved my sister. Maybe I loved my mother, I don’t know.”
Randall sat slumped in a chair, resting his forehead against his open palm. 
“You made me get to know her. I just wanted a wife to give me sons. I really didn’t care about what happened to her afterwards. She wasn’t a real person. But she is. Our son needs his mother. I think she’ll be a wonderful mother. She can’t die, William, she can’t.”
William did something he hadn’t done for years. He closed his eyes and began to pray. They stayed at the hospital for almost four hours, talking very little, each lost in his own private thoughts. Separately they each wandered off to the nursery to admire young Harrison, yet both men could only focus on one person—Mary Ellen.
It was after 3 a.m. when a doctor returned to the waiting room recommending the men go home and get their rest.
“She’s stable, so it is looking better,” the doctor told them.
“But she could still die?” Randall asked.
“She isn’t out of the woods, but it’s looking much better. Please go home, get some rest.”
“Can we see her?” William asked.
“She’s sleeping now. I’d rather you didn’t. She needs her rest.”
Reluctantly the two men left the hospital.
On the drive back to the Coulson estate Randall said, “I was wrong not to let Mary Ellen go to her mother’s funeral.”
“From what I recall, by the time she found out it was too late anyway.”
“No, remember, I knew about it. There was time for her to go. But I made sure she wasn’t told. I said it was because I didn’t want her upset, because of the baby. The truth was, I didn’t want to bother with her family. They weren’t important to me. But they are important to her. I see how she still checks the mail every day, hoping for a letter from her father.”
“I don’t see how you can do anything about that, unless you can convince the man to write her.”
“It was the arrangement we made. I would take care of Mary Ellen, she would have every material thing she needed and he wouldn’t interfere.”
 “What are you going to do?” William wasn’t surprised. 
“I’ll find some way to make it up to her.” 
Randall took a deep breath and thought how much easier it was when he only cared about one person. A part of him almost wished he’d ignored William’s persistent urgings to work on his marriage. Had that been the case, he wouldn’t have such a twisting in his gut worrying about Mary Ellen, and wondering if she would survive.
• • • •
Restless, Mary Ellen shifted her weight as she lay in the hospital bed. Not quite awake, she wondered why there was so much pain.  Then she remembered, my baby.
Her eyelids were so heavy; it was almost impossible to open them, yet she finally managed to. The only illumination in the hospital room came from the shaft of moonlight coming through the window. 
“Is my baby all right?” Mary Ellen called out to the silent room.
“Yes sweetheart, he is perfect.”
Mary Ellen tried to focus her eyes on the shadow of a woman that seemed to appear out of nowhere. There was something very familiar about the voice. Mary Ellen felt fingers brush the hair from her eyes.
“Rest now, love, everything is going to be fine.”
“Mama?” Mary Ellen whispered.
“Yes love, I’m here. I’ve always been here.”
“It’s been so long, Mama, why did you go away like that?”
“I’m sorry, love. A mother shouldn’t go away when her children still need her. That’s why you must get better. Your son needs you.”
“I need you, Mama.”
“I know, love, but remember I’m always just beyond the shadows watching over you. Remember that.”
“Ed?”
“Yes dear, Ed is here too.”

Chapter Twenty

“He is such a beautiful baby,” Mrs. Parker cooed over the bassinet. Mary Ellen had been home a week and had insisted she wanted it next to her bed. 
“I will allow it if you remember you are not to pick the baby up yet.” Randall had given the stern decree when she first arrived home. He’d purchased a second rocking chair before she’d been released from the hospital and she found it in her room when she came home. Sitting in the new rocking chair, wearing a fluffy robe over her nightgown, she waited for Mrs. Parker to lift Harrison from the crib and hand him to her.
Jane had assumed many of Lily’s responsibilities and had moved into the nursery off Mary Ellen’s room so she could get up with the baby if necessary. She stood beside the rocker and watched Mrs. Parker hand Mary Ellen the wiggly bundle. Moments earlier, she’d combed out Mary Ellen’s hair and tied it back with a bow.
“Yes, he is.” Mary Ellen smiled softly as she took Harrison from Mrs. Parker. 
“How are you feeling this morning?” Randall asked as he entered Mary Ellen’s room. Mrs. Parker and Jane quickly exited, giving the married couple some privacy.
“Actually, wonderful. The pain isn’t near as bad as it was, and I may even try dressing in real clothes tomorrow!” She smiled brightly.
Randall sat on the edge of the mattress and watched as his wife held the child he believed was his son. 
“I do have a favor to ask you,” Mary Ellen asked shyly.
“Anything.”
Mary Ellen laughed. “Oh, don’t say that so quickly. You have no idea what I intend to ask.”
“I suppose you’re right.” Randall chuckled. “What is it then?”
“I would like to cut my hair.”
“Cut your hair? Whatever for? You have beautiful hair.”
“Yes, but it’s also a tremendous bother. Plus summer is around the corner, and it gets so hot.”
“But you can always wear it up.”
“Lily used to dress my hair,” Mary Ellen said sadly. 
Randall let out a deep sigh. “It is your hair. But please, select a feminine bob, if that is possible, and please, don’t take to smoking cigarettes and shortening the hems of your skirts.”
“Don’t worry, Randall. I’ve no desires to become a flapper.”
“Relieved to hear it.” He chuckled then asked, “Mary Ellen, I wonder if you feel up to having a guest this morning?”
“I thought the doctor wanted me to avoid the stairs for a few more days?” When she had arrived home, Randall carried her upstairs, a feat that was not easy for her husband.
“The visitors will come upstairs, and see you here.”
“I don’t know, who is it?” 
“While I understand your reluctance in receiving visitors in your bedchamber, I promise you this will be fine. But if you really don’t feel like seeing anyone…”
“No, it’s all right. Anyway, now I’m curious.” She wondered briefly if it was William, but then remembered her husband said visitors, as in more than one person. William had visited her in the hospital, but since she’d returned to Coulson Estate he hadn’t come upstairs to see her or his son.
“All right then, I’ll go get them.”
“Do I look all right?” Mary Ellen asked, realizing she hadn’t looked in a mirror all morning.
“You look lovely, as always.”
Mary Ellen watched her husband leave the room. You look lovely, as always. She remembered how William had told her not to expect much flattery from her husband, as he tended to be a blunt man with little patience for such niceties. He’d definitely changed since his return from Chicago. However, she noticed this gentler side seemed to be reserved for her. After Christmas, they’d had an opportunity to go out socially before the state of her pregnancy became too obvious. She noticed the terse, impatient, somewhat sardonic husband she married was still quite alive and well, and on numerous occasions, she cringed when he’d snapped some undiplomatic response to one of their friends, who seemed to accept Randall’s sharpness. 
She couldn’t help but wonder about the more intimate aspects of their marital relationship once she was completely recuperated. While she could no longer have children, from conversations she’d overheard between Lily and Jane, men simply enjoyed having sex and it was a wife’s duty to give her husband physical pleasure.
Looking down at Harrison, Mary Ellen understood she needed to commit herself to the marriage. In the eyes of the law, Harrison belonged to Randall. William had obviously accepted the fact she was Randall’s wife, and would do nothing further to interfere with the couple. 
During the past seven months, she’d come to love her husband. It was not the same sort of love she felt for William, but more a sisterly love, like that she once felt for her brother Edward. While the idea of marital intimacy with Randall was not especially appealing, she had to admit he was an attractive man, and perhaps if she tried, she could come to enjoy the act as Aunt Rachael had once told her was possible. If there were some way to persuade her husband to make love to her in a different way—a more personal and caring way—then perhaps she would feel like his real wife, instead of the pretender she had become.
Mary Ellen heard steps coming down the hallway. She looked up to see who was with her husband.
“Papa!” she called out in surprised.
Edward Browning stood in her doorway, hat in hand. Nervously fumbling with its hatband, he stood for a moment before entering the room. 
“Mary Ellen,” he greeted then walked closer. Behind him was one of her younger brothers, Charlie. She guessed he must have grown a foot since she’d last seen him. With a broad grin on his face, Charlie came closer. He carried a package wrapped in newsprint.
“Hi, Mary Ellen!” Charlie beamed. “Boy, I sure missed you!” Charlie, who was several years younger than Mary Ellen, raced past his father and planted a kiss on her cheek then looked down at his new nephew. 
“Wow, he’s great! I brought a present for him.”
Mary Ellen was speechless. She glanced up and noticed her husband was lingering in the doorway.
“We figured you probably wouldn’t be up to too many visitors, so soon out of the hospital, so it’s just Charlie and me for now,” her father explained.
Mary Ellen looked up at Edward Browning. “It’s been months. You never wrote or called, not once. Not even when Mama died.” 
Edward looked to the floor sheepishly.
“Mary Ellen, I am going to leave you three alone, so you can visit. But before I do, I need to tell you something,” Randall told her.
Mary Ellen looked at her husband.
“It’s my fault your father didn’t write or call. I was selfish, and I realize now I was wrong. I wanted a wife to give me sons, but I didn’t want to bother with her family. He simply was honoring the wishes of your husband.”
Mary Ellen said nothing, but watched as Randall nodded to her father and then left the room. She turned and looked at Edward.
“You still could have written, or called. Aunt Rachael did,” she said quietly.
“I suppose it was easier for me this way,” Edward admitted.
“It wasn’t easier for me.” 
“Mary Ellen, can you please be mad at me later. I really would love to see my new grandson.”
On cue, Harrison began to squirm in his mother’s arms. Mary Ellen smiled down at her son, then let out a little sigh and lifted the child toward her father. Edward’s grin matched his son’s as he reached out and took the baby in his arms. It was obvious the man was not a stranger to handling newborns. He walked around the room with his grandson in his arms, jiggling the bundle ever so slightly as he talked to the child.
“How’s everyone?” Mary Ellen turned her attention to her brother while her father was focused on the newest addition to the family.
“Good. It’s not the same with you and Mama gone and I’m always having dreams about Ed. Most of the older brothers should be home soon, but I heard Fred and Wally were talking about going to New York and Frank said something about heading for California. The younger ones are growing like weeds.” 
“Pa’s new wife isn’t so bad. She was real good to Mama. But I feel a little sorry for her. Pa’s forever slipping and calling her by Mama’s name.” He whispered the last sentence.
Harrison fell asleep in his grandfather’s arms. Gently, Edward laid the baby in the bassinette and covered him with a blanket. Then he went to Mary Ellen and kissed her forehead.
“You did good, Mary Ellen. He’s a handsome one.”
“Thank you, Papa. But he’ll be my only one.”
“I’m sorry about that girl, but glad to see you’re doing good. You had your husband really worried.”
“How do you know?”
“He called me every day you were in the hospital.”
“Really?”
“And he’s prouder than punch over that boy.”
“I know he wanted more children”
“Sometimes God has different plans for us, girl.”
“I suppose so. How long are you staying?”
“Just a couple days. Mr. Coulson is going to show me around the Philadelphia plant tomorrow morning. Looking forward to that.”
“He is your son-in-law. I think you can call him by his first name.” 
“No, it wouldn’t be right. He was my employer first.”
Mary Ellen looked up into her father’s face and realized he was serious. Had Randall really intimidated her father that much? So much that he would hand over his daughter and then agree to relinquish all parental rights?
“When I’m feeling better, do you think it would be all right if Harrison and I come home for a visit? Do you think your new wife would mind?”
“I think that would be nice, girl. And you should meet your new step-mama.”
Mary Ellen didn’t respond immediately. She was silent for a moment before she spoke.
“Papa, I understand you had your own reasons for getting married so soon after Mama’s death. And I sincerely wish you all the happiness in the world. I will be happy to meet your new wife, and I hope she and I can become friends. But please, I’m too old for a step-mother, and frankly, I really don’t want one. I had my own mother, one I loved with all my heart and she’s still with me. So please, I would appreciate it if you not refer to her as my step-mother.”
Edward stared at his daughter. It was in that moment he realized she was not the same girl he sent away less than a year earlier.  She’d grown into a woman, one who seemed far more confident and strong willed. In some ways, the manner and tone in which she presented herself reminded him of Randall Coulson.
She is no longer a Browning, Edward thought. Mary Ellen is a Coulson
.
Chapter Twenty-One

“Uncle William is here!” Harrison raced down the staircase, nearly colliding with Jane, who was on her way upstairs with an armful of clean towels.
“Slow down, you young scamp!” Jane called after him as she quickly maneuvered out of his way.
William was just handing the butler his jacket and hat when Harrison came sailing toward him. The excited boy practically leapt into his arms. 
“That is some welcome!” William laughed, carrying Harrison in his arms as he walked toward the doorway to the parlor, where Randall and Mary Ellen were standing.
“Did you bring me something for my birthday, Uncle William?” 
“Greedy lad, aren’t you?” William laughed then tussled Harrison’s hair. “But it isn’t your birthday until tomorrow, so you’ll just have to wait and see.” He set Harrison on his feet, then gave Mary Ellen a brief hug and kiss on the cheek, before giving Randall a hardy handshake.
As Randall shook William’s hand, he used his free hand to pat William on the shoulder, then tugged him closer and gave him a quick hug.
“Good to have you home, William,” Randall told him.
“How was Chicago?” Mary Ellen asked as the three walked into the parlor. Harrison stayed close to William’s side and listened attentively to the adults.
“Things are going well, but it’s good to be back. I must say Harrison, you’ve grown a foot.”
“I have?” Harrison beamed.
“Yep. But what are you going to do with three feet?”
“Oh Uncle William! You’re silly!” Harrison giggled. 
“Brandy?” Randall asked as Harrison took a seat on the small couch.
“I’d love one. Same supplier?”
“No, unfortunately I had to find a new supplier. I believe the other one is currently in jail.” Randall handed William a glass of brandy.
“Pesky prohibition.” William chuckled and took a sip.
 “Dear, would you like something?” Randall asked his wife, who was sitting in the wingback chair adjacent to the couch. She wore her hair short and bobbed, which made her blue eyes look even larger. The hem of her skirt had risen significantly since Harrison’s birth.
 “Since you insist it’s not illegal to drink—just to sell it—yes. Sherry, please.”
After he handed his wife her drink, he sat on the couch next to William. Growing bored with the adults, Harrison raced from the room to find more interesting entertainment.
“He has grown a foot.”
“Hard to believe he’ll be six tomorrow. You are coming to the party?” Randall asked.
“Of course. It’s an honorary uncle’s duty to attend all birthdays.”
Mary Ellen silently sipped her sherry as the two men began talking business. For the last two years, William had been dividing his time between Chicago and Philadelphia. Harrison adored William, and looked forward to his visits and Mary Ellen didn’t feel William had any inkling the boy was his.
William was still unmarried, yet she didn’t doubt he was seeing someone in Chicago, considering he was handsome, wealthy and charming. She never broached the subject with her husband or William, as she found the possibility too painful. She suspected someday she would be forced to deal with William’s bride, but would rather not think about it now. 
She and Randall continued to have a platonic relationship, but as she approached her twenty-fifth birthday, she found her constant state of celibacy unbearable. 
“Don’t you agree Mary Ellen?” Randall’s question brought her back to the present.
“I’m sorry, agree about what?”
“I told William he must stay for dinner with us.”
“Certainly.” She smiled at William. 
Seeing William again after his four-month absence frustrated Mary Ellen, for she wondered when—and if—these feelings for him would ever go away. Playing the role of sisterly friend to both her husband and the man she loved was driving her over the edge.
During dinner, she ate very little, and drank too much. She’d only been tipsy a few times in her life. After dinner, the three retired to the parlor and Mary Ellen had another drink. By the time William finally said his goodbyes, Harrison was fast asleep upstairs in his room.
With a rigid posture, Mary Ellen held onto the handrail as she made her way up the staircase, taking deliberate steps in an effort to conceal the state of her intoxication. She was successful in her efforts, as Randall did not seem to notice his wife was any more than a little light headed.
Alone in her bedroom, she stood before the full-length mirror and removed her clothes, allowing them to fall to the floor in a forgotten heap. Once she was nude, she stared at her body. Lifting her right hand, she touched her left nipple. Giving it a gentle pinch she watched it pucker and thought of the time William took it into his mouth, making her feel things she never thought imaginable. Will I ever experience that again? she wondered.
Her eyes dropped lower, and she looked at the reflection of her belly in the mirror. Running her fingertips over the scar of her hysterectomy she thought it looked ugly. Is that why my husband doesn’t want me?
“I need to find out,” she said aloud to the empty room.
Boldly she grabbed her satin full-length robe and hastily pulled it on. After fastening the sash belt around her waist, she left her room and walked down the hallway to Randall’s.
Stopping at the closed door, she gave it a firm knock. Instead of waiting for a reply, she opened the door and barged in uninvited. She found her husband standing before his mirror fastening a tie around his neck. He had changed his clothes since dinner and was obviously going out.
“What is it, Mary Ellen?” He glanced her way and looked annoyed at the intrusion, then went back to securing the tie.
“Where are you going?” She stepped closer.
“Out. I thought you went to bed.”
“No. I’m not sleepy.”
“Then read one of your books.”
“Where are you going?”
“I just told you.”
“No, you said out. Where is out?”
He turned and faced her.
“What’s gotten into you, Mary Ellen?”
“I just want to know where my husband is going. I don’t think that’s asking too much.” She stepped closer. He was now at arm’s length.
“Why don’t you want me Randall?”
“Go back to your room Mary Ellen. You’ve obviously had too much to drink.”
She stepped closer; they were practically touching. Randall looked down at her.
“I need to know, what’s wrong with me?”  Her question was barely a whisper.
Placing his hands on her shoulders, he looked into her tear filled eyes.
“There is nothing wrong with you, it’s me. Now go to your room.”
“Is there another woman?”
Randall closed his eyes briefly and took a deep breath before looking back into Mary Ellen’s eyes.
“I haven’t been with another woman since we were together. I give you my solemn word.”
“I don’t understand.” 
“Mary Ellen, if I take you again it would be like it was before. Is that what you want?”
Mary Ellen thought of the countless times he’d taken her from behind, never once caressing her body or offering kisses. 
“I need you to kiss me,” she whispered.
Silently Randall took his hands from her shoulders, reached down, and picked up her right hand. Slowly he lifted it to his lips and placed a small kiss on the back of her hand as he had done countless times. Their eyes locked and he continued to hold her hand in his.
“I’m sorry, Mary Ellen. That’s all I can offer you. All that I am capable of.  I will never divorce you, yet I can’t force you to stay with me. But I will never give up Harrison. Never. I am not heartless, and I understand you need more. The only thing I will demand from you is your discretion.”
He gave her hand a gentle squeeze before releasing it. Silently he grabbed his dinner jacket and made his way to the door. Mary Ellen silently watched him leave the room. She could hear him walking down the hall, and then heard the muffled sounds his shoes made as he made his way down the stairway.
Numb, she walked to his window and pulled back the curtain so she could look outside. She watched as he got into his car and raced off into the night.
The only thing I will demand from you is your discretion—what does that even mean? she wondered.
Hastily, she made her way back to her bedroom. The effects of alcohol were wearing off but she did not feel any less emboldened. Removing the robe, she got dressed again. Instead of wearing what she had worn for dinner, she selected a dress more suitable for an evening out on the town. She had no idea where she intended to go, but she needed to leave the house.
Downstairs she found Mrs. Parker in the kitchen.
“I’m going out for a while, and need you to check in on Harrison for me.”
“Certainly, Mrs. Coulson. I thought I just heard Mr. Coulson leave.”
“Yes, you did.” Mary Ellen offered no more explanation, turned, and headed outside to the driveway. Randall had given Mary Ellen a stylish coupe for her twenty-third birthday after teaching her to drive. She rarely drove at night, but tonight she would make an exception.
After getting into the coupe, Mary Ellen sat there a moment, yet did not start the car. Now what? she asked herself. The first thought that popped into her head—William.  Perhaps Randall has gone to William’s for some reason. No, he would have told me that. But—I wonder, what is William doing tonight? Did he go home? Is he with another woman?
She didn’t question why the thought of William being with another woman made her feel sick inside – while thinking of Randall with one pricked her ego, yet inflicted no injury to her heart. Without thought she started her car, steered it down the drive, then onto the road, and headed to William’s estate.
When she pulled into William’s drive, she didn’t notice any cars in the driveway. Lights were on in the main house, and she wondered if he was home. After parking the vehicle and turning off the engine, she sat there a moment, wondering what she would say—or if she would simply start her car and return home.
 She really did not want to go home, so she got out of the vehicle and marched to the front door.
“Mrs. Coulson, come in,” the butler greeted a few minutes later when he opened the door. 
“I wondered, is Mr. Hunter in?” Mary Ellen asked as she walked into the entry.
“Mary Ellen, what are you doing here?”  William had just stepped out of his library and was walking down the hall when he heard his butler answering the door. Curious to see who was calling at such a late hour, he hastily made his way to the entry hall.
The butler was just helping Mary Ellen off with her light jacket when she heard William call out. Now that he asked the question, she found herself trying to come up with a plausible answer.
“I was hoping to borrow a book,” she explained with forced cheerfulness. William’s gaze swept over Mary Ellen and her mode of dress. 
After the butler was out of hearing range, he said in a teasing tone, “Aren’t you a bit overdressed for a visit to the library?”

Chapter Twenty-Two

“I guess I really didn’t come for a book,” Mary Ellen admitted. She looked a bit sheepish and William regretted making her feel uncomfortable with his flip comment.
“Isn’t Randall with you?” 
“No. I…I just needed someone to talk to.”
“Come,” William told her, gently placing one hand in the center of her back and guiding her to the library. As they entered the hallway, William called out to the butler who was walking in their direction.
“Please bring Mrs. Coulson and me some tea in the library. She’s picking out a few books.” The butler nodded and turned around, making his way to the kitchen.
Once they entered the library, William showed her to the small leather couch and asked her to sit down. He sat next to her.
“What is this about, Mary Ellen?”
 “I guess about me and Randall.” Unable to look William in the eyes, she sat primly on the edge of the couch, her hands folded neatly in her lap as she looked down.
“Does Randall know you’re here?”
She looked up at him. “No.”
“You mean he’s at home, and doesn’t know you left the house?”
“He went out this evening.”
“Oh.” William was silent for a moment. Finally he said, “I was under the impression you two were getting along very well.”
“I suppose we do get along. In most ways, he treats me well. I can’t really complain.”
“But?”
“He…oh, how do I say this?” Mary Ellen blushed then took a deep breath and collected her thoughts before continuing.
“He did change after—well you know. After he returned from Chicago when we were first married. He made an effort to get to know me, and so much happened with the influenza, my surgery. We became close, like two good friends.”
“But?”
“Friends, William. Just friends.”
“I don’t understand what you’re saying.”
“He doesn’t want me that way—not since he returned from Chicago that first time.”
“Never?”
“As best as I can determine, since I can no longer bear children, he sees no need.”
“Is he seeing someone else?” William asked the question without thinking. It was more a thought than something he intended to ask out loud.
“I would assume you would know that better than me.” Mary Ellen studied William who was gazing ahead as if trying to deduct the situation.
“No, he’s never said anything.”
“According to Randall, he hasn’t been with another woman since we were together. He swore it.” 
William looked back at Mary Ellen; his face wore an odd expression.
“But the truth, I’ve never wanted to be with Randall that way. So I suppose, even if he is lying a part of me really doesn’t care. While he doesn’t want that aspect of a marriage, he told me he’d never give me a divorce.” And he would take our son away.
“Why are you telling me this Mary Ellen? Why did you come here?”
Mary Ellen stood up abruptly.
“I’m sorry, you’re right. You don’t need to hear this. You’re Randall’s friend, his business partner.”
“No Mary Ellen, wait.” He reached out and took hold of her wrist and pulled her back to the couch. “I just need to know why you came here.”
“I don’t know. When he left tonight, I had to get out of that house. I got in the car, and well, just ended up here. You’ve always been the one person I could talk to.”
The butler entered the room with the tray of tea. He sat it on the table near the couch and poured them each a cup before leaving them alone.  
“Randall said something peculiar tonight,” she said after they were alone again.
“What was that?”
“I can’t recall the exact words…but after he expressed his disinterest, he said something about understanding I might need more, then said the only thing he would demand of me was discretion. Does he imagine I’m going to be telling all our friends he doesn’t want me, is that what he means by discretion? He wants me to keep the state of our marriage between us? Although if that is the case, I suppose, coming here goes completely against his demand.” 
“No, Mary Ellen. I don’t believe that’s what he meant. And I suspect in your heart, you already know that,” he whispered.
Mary Ellen closed her eyes. “I’m still in love with you, William.”
“Oh, Mary Ellen,” he said sadly. Putting his arm around her, he pulled her closer. She leaned against him as they sat quietly on the couch together.
“I’ve always wanted you as my wife, not my mistress. I’ve long since accepted the fact you’re Randall’s wife—and with a child between you I know he would never agree to a divorce. That doesn’t mean you couldn’t obtain one, but the chances of you getting custody of Harrison is slim, and I suspect you would not want to subject the boy to that, considering he adores his father.”
“You still love me?”
“Isn’t that what I was just saying?”
“I’m not really sure what you’re saying.”
“Watching you two together over the years I came to believe that what we shared was a moment in time for you—when you were vulnerable and alone. You’d just lost your mother and were married to a stranger who didn’t particularly treat you very well. But later—when I left and returned—Randall was treating you better, the two of you had seemed to come to some understanding, there was a child on the way and then I got so ill…”
“And he saved your life,” Mary Ellen whispered.
“Yes. We’d been friends for so long. Had you not appeared happy with him, had he continued to treat you as he originally had, even with a child, I’m not sure what I would have done under those circumstances.”
They sat together on the couch, William holding Mary Ellen closely, no longer talking but each contemplating their situation. 
“I probably shouldn’t have come here,” Mary Ellen said at last.
“Why do you say that?”
“The last thing you need is a married woman crying on your shoulder. I have to assume you’ll eventually marry and start your own family.”
“Asking a woman to be my bride, while I’m in love with another woman, never seemed right to me.”
Mary Ellen pulled out of his embrace and turned to look at him. She loved William, but she wanted what was best for him, even if that meant marrying another woman. 
“You can’t mean you never intend to marry. Even if I was free of Randall, I couldn’t give you children.” Although I have given you a son.
Silently William’s gaze swept over Mary Ellen’s face. Reaching out with one hand he brushed his fingertips along the side of her face ever so lightly.
“I told you once that I intended to marry for love. But what I failed to add—if I can’t marry for love, I won’t marry at all.”
The hand caressing her face slipped behind her neck and pulled her toward him. Mary Ellen opened her mouth slightly, about to say something when his lips seized hers. Instinctively her arms wrapped around his neck, pulling him closer as she accepted the kiss.
 Fueled by her fervent acquiescence, he was fully prepared to push her down on the sofa and pull up her skirt, seeking respite from the frustration he’d suppressed for so many years. Then he imagined the image of the butler—or some less trustworthy member of the household staff—barging in and finding the scene too titillating to ignore, which would mean by sun-up their tumultuous tryst would become fodder for the gossip mills.
With concerted effort, William eased Mary Ellen from him, ending the kiss. She looked back at him with glassy dazed eyes. Her bruised lips gave testimony to the brief passion they’d shared.
“Anyone could walk in,” he whispered, slightly out of breath.
“I think I should go home,” she stammered.
“That would probably be best. We need to carefully consider everything …before …”
Instead of finishing his sentence, he got to his feet and helped Mary Ellen from the couch. After retrieving her jacket, he walked Mary Ellen to her car.
“I’ll see you tomorrow, at Harrison’s birthday party.” 
Mary Ellen nodded at his statement and got into the sporty coupe.
“I want you to know, I love you Mary Ellen. But I don’t want to hurt anyone, especially you.”
• • • •
When Mary Ellen pulled into the drive at Coulson Estate, she didn’t see Randall’s car where he normally parked. He was still out. The house was quiet when she went inside. Emotionally exhausted, she went upstairs to get ready for bed. 
 Several hours elapsed and she still could not sleep. She knew Randall hadn’t returned home and wondered where he was. Restless, she got from the bed, slipped on her robe then went downstairs, after peeking in Harrison’s room. Her son slept soundly.
In the kitchen, she poured herself a glass of milk and wandered out onto the back porch. It was a little chilly outside, but not too cold for an evening stroll. Thinking of the day’s events was keeping her up and she wondered if a little walk around the grounds would help her sleep. Stepping down the porch steps, she held her glass of milk in one hand while clutching the handrail. 
She was just walking around the corner of the house when she heard a car coming up the drive. It must be Randall, she thought. Standing in the shadow of the building, she wasn’t far from the drive. Assuming it was her husband, she stood there waiting. To her surprise, a car she didn’t recognize pulled up, driving a bit too fast before slamming on the breaks and turning off the engine. 
The car door on the passenger side of the vehicle opened, and she heard her husband’s laugh. Randall stumbled from the car, obviously inebriated. The driver’s door then opened and out stepped a tall man. From where she was standing, she couldn’t recognize him.
With a drunkard’s swagger, Randall made his way around the car to the driver’s side of the vehicle. She was about to call out to him when the two men embraced and began to kiss. Stunned, she forgot about her milk and it fell to the ground, landing on a soft patch of lawn. While the glass did not break, the milk soaked her slippers. 
Backing up, she abandoned the glass and quickly ran from the scene and slipped back into the house before she was discovered. When she made it upstairs to the bedroom, she looked out the window and saw the car race off, while Randall clumsily made his way to the house.

Chapter Twenty-Three

“Where is your car, Randall?” Mary Ellen asked the next morning. Sitting at the dining room table, she spooned a dollop of strawberry preserve onto her biscuit.
“Had a little car trouble. I’m having a driver bring it over later.” He reached across the table and picked up a pitcher of cream.
“Did you have a nice time?” She took a bite of the biscuit and looked across the table at her husband.
“Played a little poker. Lost a little money.”
“Oh, did William join you?”
“William?” He glanced up and looked at his wife. “No, William doesn’t care for poker. I thought you knew that.” Mary Ellen shrugged and continued to nibble on her biscuit.
“Funny thing though, coming in last night I tripped over a glass on the back lawn. Lucky I didn’t break it. Have you any idea why one of our beverage glasses would be outside on the ground?”
Mary Ellen stopped eating for a moment and looked at her husband. She didn’t want to get someone from the household staff in trouble. While Randall had gentled in the treatment of her, he could be an unforgiving employer. Her mind raced for a plausible explanation.
“Oh, that’s right! I forgot all about it! During my morning walk yesterday, I took a glass of milk with me. When I finished the milk, I set the glass down. I didn’t want to take an empty glass on my walk. I intended to bring it back in the house when I returned, but I simply forgot. I’m so glad it didn’t break. That was careless of me.”
“Yes…careless. Odd though…”
“What?” Mary Ellen forced a cheerful smile.
“The glass appeared to still have some milk in it.” 
Mary Ellen said nothing.
After a moment Randall said, “Oh well, it was probably evening moisture.”
Mary Ellen looked at her husband and noticed the peculiar way his shrewd eyes studied her. They were interrupted a moment later when Harrison rushed into the room, late for breakfast.
• • • •
 “It looks as if the birthday party was a success,” William announced. He stood on the front porch of the Coulson Estate with Mary Ellen, watching the cars pull away. Randall was standing in the drive with Harrison while talking with a few of the party guests who were just getting into their car. Because of the distance, William could not hear what Randall or the departing guests were saying.
“I told Randall it was far too extravagant for a six year old.” She leaned against one of the porch pillars, as she looked over to the last car preparing to leave.
“Harrison seemed to enjoy it.”
“What child wouldn’t? But there is no moderation in Randall’s parenting. He indulges the boy, and then is unduly harsh. I tell him it’s confusing for Harrison but he won’t listen to me.”
“You have to understand, his father was brutal. The only thing that man gave Randall was disapproval and severe beatings.”
“I suppose. But I want Harrison to become a kind and thoughtful man.” Like his father.
At that moment, Harrison ran toward his mother, excited over something.
“I get to stay at Timmy’s and see the puppies!” He dashed past his mother, who was clearly perplexed. He ran into the house to pack an overnight bag. Confused, Mary Ellen looked to Randall who was laughing and walking her way.
“What is he talking about?” Mary Ellen asked when Randall reached the porch.
“They’ve invited him to spend the night. Their bitch just had a litter.”
“But Randall, tomorrow is Monday, he has school in the morning.”
“I know what day it is. George said he’d take the boys to school in the morning.” 
Mary Ellen wasn’t happy, but she understood there was no arguing with Randall. Whenever she questioned his parenting, she received the standard reply: I am the boy’s father.
Jane opened the front door and looked out on the porch, searching for Mrs. Coulson.
“Ma’am, he says he needs a bag packed?” Jane asked.
“Yes, Jane. Harrison will be staying at Timmy’s tonight. They’ll be taking him to school in the morning so he’ll need his school clothes.”
“Yes ma’am.” Jane went back inside and closed the front door.
• • • •
After Harrison drove off with Timmy’s parents, Randall invited William to join them for dinner. William accepted the invitation. Two hours later the three sat in the parlor enjoying an after dinner drink. While prohibition was still in effect, it did not stop Americans from drinking alcohol.
“If you two will excuse me, I’m going out for a little while,” Randall said as he stood up.
“Going where? It’s Sunday night.” Mary Ellen frowned.
“Mary Ellen, why do you keep reminding me what day of the week it is?” Randall laughed.
“Oh, you know what I mean.” Mary Ellen flushed.
“Yes dear, I do. Because of Harrison’s birthday celebration, I’m afraid I neglected a few things at the office yesterday. I want to run down there and get a few things done before the morning.”
William stood up, as if he too was going to leave.
“William, there is no reason for you to run off just because I’m going to the office. Why don’t you stay and keep Mary Ellen company? I’m sure she’d like that. It’s still early.”
“How long do you think you’ll be?” she asked.
“Don’t expect me until much later. I have quite a bit to do, and before I come home I’ll want to unwind a little. So I might stop for a drink.” 
• • • •
 “It always makes me nervous when he goes to one of those places,” Mary Ellen said after her husband was gone.
“Why?”
“I always hear about the raids.”
“Even if there is a raid, nothing will happen to Randall.”
“I wonder where he’s really going,” Mary Ellen asked.
“You don’t think he’s going to the office?”
“Do you?”
 “Are you upset?”
“Not upset…reflective.”
William didn’t ask what she meant, but sat quietly and watched her. She looked as if she had more to say.
“For over six years we’ve been pretending to have a normal marriage. But it wasn’t normal. Last night we acknowledged the emperor has no clothes.  I didn’t appreciate the full extent of what Randall meant when he told me he only expected discretion. I thought about it a lot today. And when he left tonight, I realized he was telling me he plans to live his own life, and I can live mine, providing I’m discreet.” 
“How do you feel about that?” William studied Mary Ellen. He couldn’t help but wonder what had been the catalyst for last night’s events. 
Mary Ellen sat there a moment considering William’s question. Her expression was both thoughtful and serious. Finally, she gave him her answer.
“Liberating, I think.” 
They were both silent for a few moments, before William asked, “The house seems quiet, where is everyone tonight?” 
“I suspect out, or in bed. It’s a little late for any of them to be roaming around the house. Mrs. Parker turns in much earlier than she used to, and Jane left for the evening, no reason for her to stay here with Harrison gone. I don’t imagine she’ll be back until tomorrow. Why?”
 William stood up and put his hand out. Mary Ellen cocked her head curiously, but took his hand in hers and stood up with him. He looked at her.
“I’ve also been reflecting on what you told me last night, and have thought of little else. I keep coming back to two things…”
“What two things?”
“That I love you and that I am tired of wasting precious time. Come upstairs with me Mary Ellen, now.”
  Paralyzed momentarily, Mary Ellen reminded herself to breathe. She’d never been as excruciatingly aware of her own heart beat as she was in that moment. Even the pit of her belly chose this time to make its presence known by twisting anxiously. Instead of giving a verbal answer, she simply went with William submissively and willingly.
Without saying another word, they walked from the parlor, down the hall and up the staircase leading to the floor with the family bedrooms.
Mary Ellen’s bedchamber was dark. Before closing the door, William walked to the window and opened the curtain, letting in the moonlight. He then closed the door.
Not quite sure what to do, Mary Ellen stood in the center of the bedroom and watched him. Taking his time, William began unfastening the back of her dress. It fell to the floor in a silky heap. She closed her eyes briefly and savored the sensation of his hands moving over her body, as he removed her undergarments. 
Her eyes fluttered opened and she watched as he removed his clothing. She stood in the middle of the room, completely nude. His gaze locked on her. When his state of undress matched hers, he led her to the bed.
• • • •
The sound of footsteps coming up the staircase broke the silence. 
“Randall’s home,” Mary Ellen murmured. Two quilts covered their bodies as she snuggled into William’s embrace.
“Does he ever come in here?” He dropped a kiss on the top of her head.
“No.”
The footsteps hit the landing, then disappeared down the hallway. There was a sound of a door opening and shutting. William rolled over on top of Mary Ellen and made love to her for the third time that night. 
An hour later, he kissed her and told her he needed to go home. 
“I just remembered, your car is in the driveway, Randall has obviously seen it,” Mary Ellen commented as she laid in the bed and watched him dress.
“Then I suppose I’m a cad if I leave you alone to face your husband. You want me to stay?”
“That would be interesting. But no, go home, I’ll be fine.” 
• • • •
 “Good morning, dear,” Randall greeted as Mary Ellen joined him in the dining room. He was reading the morning paper and drinking a cup of coffee. She poured herself a cup and sat at the table with him.
“Did you get all your work done?” she asked.
“Yes, I did. Did you and William have a nice visit?”
“Yes, very nice. Thank you.”
“I see he stayed rather late. I hope he remembers we have a nine o’clock meeting.”
“I’m sure he does.”
“Don’t forget, Mary Ellen, we’re going to the theatre Friday night.”
“I’m looking forward to it.”
“Did I mention, you are looking very lovely this morning?”
“Thank you, Randall.”

Chapter Twenty-Four

With the release of the musical “The Jazz Singer” in 1927 the era of the silent movie was coming to an end. As Hollywood moved into the 1930s it entered what would be termed its Golden Age. 
Infamous Black Tuesday, heralding the Stock Market Crash of 1929, signified the end of the Roaring Twenties’ era of excess and prosperity and the beginning of the Great Depression.  By the end of 1932 Coulson-Hunter Enterprises had closed up their plants in Virginia and Philadelphia. After relocating the home office in Chicago, both the Coulson and Hunter Philadelphia estates were sold.  
On March 4, 1933 Franklin D. Roosevelt was sworn into the office of President of the United States. The next day in Germany, the Nazi Party won the majority in parliament. The following month, Utah became the 38th state to ratify the Twenty-first Amendment to the Constitution, which repealed the Eighteenth Amendment, thus ending federal prohibition in America.
In the spring of 1933, Harrison Coulson turned fourteen.

While not as ostentatious as the Philadelphia Coulson estate, the Chicago townhouse Mary Ellen shared with her husband and son was located in one of the finer Chicago neighborhoods, and she preferred it to her Philadelphia residence. One advantage, William’s townhouse was on the same street. None of their household staff from Philadelphia had relocated to Chicago and Mrs. Parker had passed away four years prior to the move. 
Edward Browning died one month to the day after Mrs. Parker. Prior to his death, Mary Ellen and Harrison made annual trips to Virginia. By the time of her father’s death, none of her brothers was living at home—and none lived in Virginia. Her step-mother inherited the house Randall Coulson had purchased for the Browning family. Mary Ellen had never gotten close with her step-mother, and after her father’s death, never heard from the woman again. She received occasional letters from her brothers, yet they had all moved out west, living in Oregon, Arizona and California.
One casualty of the move was William’s private library. Unable to house all the books at his townhouse, he was forced to store the remainder of his collection. For Randall the downsizing was more devastating and he promised Mary Ellen that someday they would live in a house even grander than their Philadelphia estate. She was quite happy with their new accommodations, yet accepted her husband’s promise for his benefit. In spite of personal sacrifices, Coulson-Hunter Enterprises’ financial future was optimistic.
• • • •
Mary Ellen walked into the sunny parlor of her townhouse while reading a letter that had just arrived in the mail. William and Randall were sitting in the room discussing business. 
Randall glanced up at his wife and frowned. She was wearing slacks, a style he’d never become accustomed to.
“You have some lovely dresses,” Randall commented. Mary Ellen just smiled and then sat down on the couch and continued to read.
“It could be worse, Randall, I understand women out west have taken to wearing their husband’s jeans,” William said.
“You don’t like my outfit?” Mary Ellen looked up from her letter, addressing her inquiry to William.
“I think you always look lovely.”
“Please stop flattering my wife, William. She’s become far too independent.”
“Oh Randall, you know I make you the perfect wife!” Mary Ellen laughed, then folded her letter and tucked it back into the envelope.
“I suppose you do. Did I get any mail?”
“Oh I’m sorry. I left it on the table in the entry. Do you want me to get it for you?”
“No, that’s fine. Who’s the letter from?”
“My brother, Frank.”
“The one in Oregon?” William asked.
“No, Arizona.”
“Aside from having to tolerate women wearing their husband’s denims, I envy your brothers’ sense of adventure. Moving out west sounds rather appealing right now,” Randall told her.
“I thought you liked Chicago?” Mary Ellen asked.
“I had an interesting dream last night,” Randall told them.
“About moving west?” Mary Ellen asked.
“In the dream I purchased an enormous piece of land in the southwest.”
“A ranch?” Mary Ellen asked. “If we lived on a ranch, I’d have to wear jeans you know. Of course, you don’t wear them so I would have to buy you some if I want to borrow them.”
“Do you want to hear this dream, or not?” Randall sounded only slightly annoyed.
“Yes…sorry.” Mary Ellen grinned.
“No, it was not a ranch. I developed a pre-planned community. My own city. The economy was fueled by tourism and we opened a plant there, to give people a place to work.”
“Ahh, I know what spurred that dream!” William laughed. “It was that discussion we had last night about what’s wrong with Chicago, and how you would fix it!”
“Perhaps, but the idea is intriguing.” 
“You know what this means don’t you?” William asked. “We’re moving west.”
“Why do you say that?” 
“Because two of your husband’s more brilliant ideas were each inspired by a dream.”
“Is that true?” Mary Ellen asked. She’d never heard that before.
“That is stretching it a bit, William.” Randall chuckled. “After my father died I had a dream William and I went into business together. I suppose that’s one he is talking about.”
“Yes. And the other was the Chicago merger,” William reminded him.
“Moving to our own western frontier community might give me an excuse to wear men’s denims but I’d miss the cultural opportunities of the city, such as the theatre. Which by the way is tonight, so I hope you two wrap up whatever business you’ve been working on all afternoon so you can get ready,” Mary Ellen told them.
“Anything to get you out of those slacks and into a dress,” Randall teased. He then directed a question to William.
“Who are you taking tonight, are you still seeing Melinda Miller?”
Mary Ellen glanced over to William and for a brief moment, their eyes met. She looked down at the envelope in her hand, fidgeting with it a bit.
“Yes, Melinda will be going with us.” 
“You’ve been seeing her for what, a little over two months now? Seems they typically wash out before the second month,” Randall chuckled.
 William just shrugged and Mary Ellen smiled to herself. A part of her felt sorry for the women William dated, knowing that some were quite smitten with him. At 46 years of age, William Hunter was not just considered one of the more eligible bachelors in Chicago—he was the most elusive.  
Thirty minutes later, Randall excused himself and left his wife and business partner alone.
“We lead a queer life, Mary Ellen.” William reached out and touched Mary Ellen’s shoulder, giving it a gentle squeeze as he walked to the window. Gazing outside he looked not at the surrounding landscape but at his life.
“Do you have many regrets?” she asked.
“Thousands.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be. You’re not one of them.”
“I really like Melinda.”
“So do I. This will probably be the last time I take her out, I have a feeling she intends to break it off with me tonight.”
“Really? That doesn’t happen very often.” It was typically William who ended the courtship before the second month.
William turned from the window, walked back to the chair, and sat down.
“That’s one reason I didn’t feel compelled to break it off with her sooner. She seemed very comfortable with the fact I wasn’t making any attempts to further our intimacy beyond a discrete kiss goodnight. And I think she’s smitten with Ed Harper.”
“Well, Ed is more her age. She’s awful young. What is she, twenty-two?”
“True. But her father isn’t going to be thrilled. I believe he had high hopes his daughter would snag me, considering she’d lasted longer than the others.”
“Ed’s a nice young man,” Mary Ellen noted. She studied William’s face for a moment. He looked tired. “Are you all right, William?”
“What do you mean?”
“I don’t know, you just look rather tired.” 
He shrugged. “I didn’t sleep very well last night.”
“That’s what you told me the last time I asked.” The previous week she noticed he looked especially tired, and when she asked the same question, he gave the same answer.
“Then you should stop asking the question,” he said with a grin.
William stood up, walked to the doorway and glanced out. Seeing there was no one in the vicinity, he walked back to Mary Ellen. Standing behind the couch he rested his hands on her shoulders briefly, leaned down and kissed the side of her neck. Tilting her head to give him better access, a chill went down her spine. 
“Are you coming over later?” William asked.
“Yes. After Randall makes whatever excuse he has planned for after we come home from the theatre. I’ll come over when he leaves.”
“What about Harrison?”
“He’ll be at a baseball game. Even if he wasn’t, you know teenage boys, they never see beyond their own lives.”
William walked back to the chair and sat down.
“He’s a good kid. Did he tell you he came over yesterday and helped me bring some boxes down from the attic?”
“No. What boxes?’
“They were from my grandparents’ ranch. Old photographs. I haven’t looked at them for years. Not since I packed them up after my grandmother’s funeral.”
“Think you’ll hang them?”
“I don’t know. I haven’t had time to go through them yet. Probably won’t get to it until next week.” 
“So what inspired this spurt of nostalgia?”
“Not nostalgia really. I just need more storage space. I should have gone through those boxes instead of hauling them here from Philadelphia. I do miss having the room for my library.”
“I like it here much better than Philadelphia.”
“So do I.” He gave her a little wink. 
• • • •
That evening they joined friends at the theatre. Randall escorted his wife and William brought the lovely Miss Miller. As William suspected, later that evening, as he took her home, Melinda tearfully explained she could no longer see him.  Since she was the one to initiate the break up, there was no rush to find a replacement. Those in their social circles would assume he was nursing a broken heart, and wasn’t ready to see anyone.
 Shortly after Randall and Mary Ellen returned home from the theatre, Randall made a convenient, yet not original excuse as to why he needed to go out for a while. Mary Ellen changed her clothes and slipped out of the townhouse unnoticed, shortly after her husband drove off.
 Keeping her secret life was less complicated than it had been in Philadelphia. There was no live-in staff to contend with. In Chicago, members of their household staff were normally gone for the evening before she slipped off to William’s. 
While her life was not typical – she was happy. Randall was happy. Mary Ellen suspected her husband knew about her relationship with William, yet it was never acknowledged. Of the three, William was the least content with the unorthodox arrangement. But he accepted it.
Chapter Twenty-Five

The next Sunday Mary Ellen walked over to William’s townhouse under the pretense of returning several books she’d borrowed. While she did need to return the books, that wasn’t the reason for the visit. She wanted to see the man she loved.
William had no household staff on Sunday, so she let herself into the house using the key he had given her. She entered from the side door, away from the prying eyes of neighbors.
“William!” she called out as she walked through the house. All was quiet on the lower level and she wondered if she would find him upstairs. He didn’t respond to her repeated calling, but she continued to look through the downstairs rooms. Thinking he was probably upstairs she almost didn’t check the kitchen, but changed her mind at the last moment.
She found him standing by the kitchen window, looking outside. He held something in his right hand. From where she stood it looked like a thick piece of paper or piece of cardboard. 
“William, didn’t you hear me?” She entered the kitchen. He didn’t respond, but continued to look out the window.
“William, are you all right?” Concerned, she walked to him and placed her hand on his shoulder. He shrugged off her touch then turned to face her.
“What’s wrong?” She’d never seen him wear such an angry expression.
“I got around to looking through those boxes from the attic.”
“William, what is wrong? You’re scaring me.”
“I found one of me. According to the date, it was taken in 1903. I was about Harrison’s age at the time. It’s been staring me in the face all these years, I just refused to see.” He shoved what he had been holding at her. It was the mentioned photograph.
Nervously she took it from him. The boy in the picture could have been Harrison. The likeness was uncanny.
“He’s mine, isn’t he?” The level of rage in his voice frightened her.
She closed her eyes briefly to hold back the tears. Feeling physically ill, she was unable to contain the tremors of her shaking hands. Unable to speak, she nodded the affirmative.
William took a deep breath, attempting to control his anger.
“I don’t understand. How is this possible? I thought you were pregnant with Randall’s baby.”
Opening her eyes, she looked at William. Wiping the tears from her face with the back of her hand she was determined to answer his questions. He deserves the truth, she thought.
“I was never pregnant. Randall assumed I was because my period was late. I never told him I was pregnant. I started my period the day he left for Chicago.”
“Why didn’t you say anything?”
“Because if I did, I was afraid he’d come home when my period was over and try to get me pregnant again. I couldn’t bear being with him that way. And when you and I… I never thought for a moment that it was a possibility because it had been every night with Randall and just that one night with you. I planned to ask Randall for a divorce when he returned home.”
“But you couldn’t…”
“No, by that time I knew I was pregnant. I had nowhere to go. My mother had just died and I assumed my father would be furious with me, so I couldn’t go back to Virginia.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“You were gone, William. When I woke up that morning, you were gone. It was weeks before I saw you again. By that time Randall had changed so much toward me, I felt staying with him was the only option.”
William closed his eyes for a moment and collected his thoughts. When he first realized Harrison was his, he was furious with Mary Ellen for keeping the secret from him. But now after hearing what she had to say, he remembered how young she had been, just eighteen. Guilt washed over him when he considered how she must have felt when he left for Chicago, never saying goodbye. Had he not allowed himself to be pressured by Randall to leave so soon for Chicago, Mary Ellen might have been brave enough to tell him the truth and the two of them could have found a solution so she could leave Randall and marry him. 
He realized then that succumbing to Randall’s pressure to leave immediately for Chicago was simply his way of taking the easy way out. Assuming he had no real future with Mary Ellen, it was easier to run away, and Randall gave him that opportunity. Had I been man enough to stand up for the woman I loved back then, she would be my wife, not my mistress.
 When he opened his eyes, he looked into the face of the woman he loved. Tears streamed down her cheeks and once again, guilt consumed him. Gathering her up in his arms he held her tightly.
“I’m sorry Mary Ellen, it was just a shock.”
She began to sob in earnest, clinging to him as he held her. Silently tears slid down William’s face, unseen by the woman he loved.  Gently, he turned her in his arms and led her upstairs to his bedroom, where he silently removed her clothes—and then his—before making love to the mother of his child.
• • • •
 “Do you think Randall knows?” The two lovers lay under the sheets in William’s bed. 
Mary Ellen considered William’s question for a moment.
“I don’t think so. But now that I’ve seen the photograph—he knew you at that age. Wouldn’t he see the resemblance? Harrison looks exactly like you.”
“People see what they want to see. I never saw it. When I looked into Harrison’s blue eyes, I saw yours.”
“What now, William?”
“Nothing’s really changed. While I’d love to claim Harrison as mine, that would only appease my ego. Harrison looks up to Randall as his father and loves him. And Randall loves Harrison. I don’t think we have the right to destroy that. It would just confuse our son.”
“If Randall has figured it out on some level, I think he would prefer to deny the possibility.”
“Well one thing for sure, those old photographs of mine get burned.”
“No, please don’t do that!” 
“Fine. But back in the box and returned to the attic.”
“I better get going. Harrison and Randall should be home soon. Don’t forget dinner tonight.”
“Are the Andersons still coming?” William gave Mary Ellen a final kiss before they moved from the bed to get dressed.
“Yes. But don’t worry; he isn’t bringing his cousin Lucille. I told him you weren’t quite ready to get back in the game—Melinda and all.”
William chuckled and swatted her behind as she moved away from the bed. “What time?”
“I told them four.”
“See you then.”
• • • •
 “Where is William?” Randall sounded irritated. He checked this watch. It was a quarter past four. He and Mary Ellen sat in the parlor with the Andersons having a cocktail before dinner.
“I’m sure he’ll be here any minute. He’s usually prompt,” Mary Ellen said. While dinner wasn’t scheduled to be served for another forty-five minutes, Randall was obsessive about punctuality.
“Do you think he remembers?” Randall asked.
“I’m sure he does,” Mary Ellen assured him.
“Mom, you want me to go get Uncle William?” Harrison asked from the doorway. He’d obviously heard them discussing the tardy dinner guest.
“Sure, that would be fine.” Mary Ellen watched her son dash from the house.
“We could have just called him.” Randall grumbled. Impatient, he picked up the phone a few minutes later and started to dial.
“Remind me dear, never to be late for one of Randall’s dinner parties,” Mrs. Anderson told her husband. They all laughed.
As Randall let the phone ring, his wife and guests continued to chat. 
“Harrison, why are you answering William’s phone?” Randall said into the phone a few moments later. “What?”
Mary Ellen and the Anderson’s stopped talking and listened.
“I’ll be right there.” He hung up the phone. “It’s William, Harrison found him passed out in his kitchen.”
• • • •
Distraught with worry, Mary Ellen waited with her husband in the hallway outside the downstairs guest bedroom at William’s townhouse. The Andersons had gone home and dinner was cancelled. Harrison refused to go home, and waited in William’s kitchen to see what the doctor had to say.
Finally, William’s doctor exited the bedroom and gently closed the door behind him.
“He’s resting. I really don’t want to move him right now, so I’ll arrange to have a nurse stay with him.”
“Shouldn’t he go to the hospital?” Mary Ellen asked.
“Let’s go talk in the library,” the doctor suggested. Randall and Mary Ellen followed the doctor into the other room.
“I’m afraid there really is not much I can do for him, at this point.”
“What are you talking about?” Randall seemed as concerned as Mary Ellen.
“It’s his heart.”
“William is too young!” Mary Ellen insisted.
“We’ve known for some time there was a problem. In all probability his bout with the influenza did its damage.”
“He never said anything,” Mary Ellen whispered. Tears filled her eyes. Randall wrapped his arm around her shoulders and hugged her to him. They both looked at the doctor in disbelief.
“He didn’t want to worry either of you. But he told me if—when this time came—I was to tell you whatever you needed to know. He considered you both his family. He doesn’t want to go to the hospital. He wants to stay in his home.”
 “How long?” Randall asked.
“Maybe a few months, or less.”
Mary Ellen could no longer contain her sorrow. Randall took her in his arms and held her as she wept, while silent tears slid down his own face. The doctor mumbled something about going to call for a nurse and left the couple alone in their grief.
“I love him so much,” she sobbed, unable to conceal her true emotions.
“Yes I know, we both do,” Randall continued to hold her, his hand stroking her hair. He let her cry and then took hold of her shoulders and held them tightly, as he looked her in the eyes.
“Mary Ellen, we both need to pull ourselves together. We can mourn later, but right now William needs us. And our son is in the kitchen. I need to go explain things to him. He adores William.”
Mary Ellen nodded and wiped the tears from her face.
 
Chapter Twenty-Six

She heard the door open, yet did not turn to see who had entered the room. Her attention was on William who continued to sleep. A hand lightly touched her right shoulder and she looked up to see her husband standing over her.
“He’s still sleeping,” Mary Ellen explained. 
“The doctor said he would sleep for a while, considering the medication he gave him,” Randall whispered. “Come out in the kitchen, I brought over some food—the dinner we never got around to eating. You need to eat something.”
“I’m not hungry.”
“I don’t want you to get sick. Go eat, you need your strength. I’ll sit with him, then you can come back after you eat something.”
Seeing the determination on her husband’s face she knew it was best not to argue. Giving him a weak smile she stood, kissed him on the cheek and thanked him for the thoughtful gesture. After she left the room, Randall sat in the chair Mary Ellen had been sitting in a moment before, and looked down at his old friend.
He reached out and brushed his fingertips across William’s forehead.
“Seems I was here before—when you had influenza. We almost lost you then. I felt so relieved when you beat it. But has it returned in its own way, to claim you? Why didn’t you tell us about your heart?” Taking back his hand, he continued to watch the sleeping man.
William shifted his body slightly and let out a little groaning sound. He licked his lips, as if thirsty then cried out, “Mary Ellen!” The sound of his own voice woke him. William opened his eyes and found Randall sitting by the bed.
Randall immediately picked up the glass of water sitting on the nightstand and offered some to William. Leaning down, Randall propped up William’s head a bit, making it easier for the sick man to accept the water. When he drank his fill, Randall returned the glass to the nightstand.
“Thank you,” William said in a hoarse whisper. He licked his lips again and glanced around the room as if looking for something.
“She’s in the kitchen having a bite to eat. I imagine she’ll be back in just a few minutes.”
“How long have you known?” William asked.
“That you love her? I can’t recall when I haven’t known.”
“Take care of her, Randall. Please.” 
“I’ve always felt somewhat guilty keeping her—knowing you love her—that she loves you. But she gave me the son I always wanted, and I was afraid I might lose him if…if I did the right thing and let her go.”
William said nothing to him about Harrison being his son. He didn’t see the point, not now.
“Had I thought you were in love with her…” William began, yet Randall stopped him.
“It’s fine, William. If there is any guilt, it’s mine.”
Randall didn’t explain what he meant, and William didn’t ask. She gave me more than a son, Randall thought. With Mary Ellen as his wife, a son to his credit—the world viewed him as a respected member of society. The façade allowed him to lead a private life that afforded him some happiness, and a bit of solace after accepting the fact that the man he loved was incapable of loving him in the way he needed—in the same way Randall was unable to love his wife. 
“Is he awake?” Mary Ellen asked from the doorway.
Randall stood up, touched William’s shoulder briefly then walked to the door, leaving Mary Ellen alone with the ill man.
Rushing to her lover’s bedside, she fell to her knees on the floor and leaned over the mattress. William looked at Mary Ellen and reached out, his fingertips touching her face. 
“Why didn’t you say anything about your heart?” she asked.
“I kept telling myself it wasn’t that serious and I didn’t want to worry you.”
“It’s why you’ve been so tired lately.”
“Yes.”
“You’re too young William. You can fight this. I’m sure there’s something they can do!” She refused to believe his illness was as grave as the doctor painted.
“I love you Mary Ellen. I’m sorry I got so mad when I found that photograph.”
“I should have told you.”
“Maybe it really is best this way…everything has its own time.”
 She didn’t understand what he meant. Resting her head on the mattress, she wept.
The nurse promised by the physician never arrived. After a long conversation with the doctor, Randall convinced him that he and Mary Ellen could care for William. In truth, Randall wanted privacy for William’s final days. Mary Ellen stayed at her lover’s bedside, getting little sleep. They never moved William into his bedchamber upstairs; keeping him instead in the downstairs bedroom where they’d initially taken him after Harrison discovered his unconscious body.
William Hunter passed away on the Wednesday following his initial collapse. Mary Ellen and Randall were both by his side.  His funeral was widely attended. The pretty Miss Melinda Miller, who’d recently broken off with William, was quite dramatic in her mourning, portraying herself as the girlfriend of the deceased, instead of the young woman who’d recently ended their brief relationship.
“We were planning to marry,” Melinda sobbed to a small group of attentive mourners at the wake following the services.
“I thought you’d broken it off with him?” one of her closer friends asked.
“Oh, you know dear William—never able to make a commitment. I only broke it off so he would make a decision one way or another. A girl can’t wait indefinitely. And he did!” She sobbed dramatically. “He begged me to come back to him—he wanted to marry me! I was to be William Hunter’s fiancée—his wife!”
“Are you all right?” Randall asked Mary Ellen after they overheard Melinda’s dramatic display. 
Mary Ellen glanced across the room at Melinda. “I suppose in some ways, it stifles any gossip. One never knows what the housekeeping staff sees or repeats. Although, the respect I once had for the girl is sorely diminished, considering she’s using William’s death to garner attention for herself.”
Randall leaned over and kissed Mary Ellen on the cheek. The gesture surprised her, for it was something he rarely did.
“What was that for?” she asked.
“You’re my best friend,” Randall told her. “I love you.”
• • • •
 “Do you want a divorce?” Randall asked his wife. It was a week after William’s funeral and they were finishing their breakfast in the dining room, before going to see the attorney about William’s will.
“Divorce? Why would you ask that?” Mary Ellen was clearly surprised.
“It just dawned on me that while our marriage suits me perfectly, you’re a vibrant woman. Maybe not right away, but eventually you will want—and need—another man in your life. One that will give you what I can’t.”
“You were also in love with him.” She didn’t sound judgmental—her tone empathetic. Randall’s eyes met hers.
“Yes, for as long as I can remember.”
“I’m sorry, Randall. Did he know?”
“If he did, he never said anything.” He was silent for a moment; then he spoke. “You saw me that night. The night I found the glass.”
“Yes.” 
Mary Ellen reached over and patted his hand.
“Randall, you are not getting rid of me that easily. William’s death has been hard on our son. I don’t want him to deal with his parents’ divorce. And the idea of another man…no. If that time comes, then we can discuss it then.”
Randall smiled at his wife and then poured himself another cup of coffee.
“Life is funny, Randall. When we were first married, I never imagined I would feel about you as I do today.”
“And how is that?”
“A dear friend. I used to find you quite frightening.”
“Back then William said I was an ass.”
“You were dear, you were.”
• • • •
 “Please just cut to the bottom line, Bill,” Randall told the attorney when the man began reading the will. Bill Taylor had been Randall and William’s attorney and friend for over a dozen years. Randall and Mary Ellen sat together in Taylor’s office.
“Of course,” Taylor said as he shuffled the papers in his hands before setting them on his desk. “His share of Coulson-Harrison Enterprises goes to you, Randall. He leaves his house, any personal property—expressly his library—to Mary Ellen.  He wanted me to make sure and include the library, because a portion of it’s in storage, and he didn’t want it to be forgotten or auctioned off by the storage company if left unclaimed. It was important to him for Mary Ellen to have it.”
“I suppose this means I’ll need to build a larger home, with a library room to house all his damn books.” Randall chuckled. 
• • • •
William’s townhouse proved to be the temporary solution for his vast book collection. Instead of using one room in the townhouse for a small library, Mary Ellen devoted the second floor for his collection. Understanding it was just a temporary solution, she removed upstairs doors instead of walls. Harrison insisted he would one day build her a house more magnificent than the Philadelphia estate, and it would include a library to make William proud.
Bringing the books from storage proved therapeutic for Mary Ellen, and gave her the opportunity to take her time while sorting through William’s personal belongings, including the boxes of old photographs that William had never gotten to. She refused to throw them away, but stored them safely in a discrete, inconspicuous cubical in the upstairs library. 
It also gave her a place to grieve. To Harrison, William was a beloved uncle, yet for as much as he loved the man he wouldn’t understand his mother’s state of despair, had she allowed him to see it. Instead, when the moments of profound grief befell her—which were frequent—Mary Ellen retreated to William’s townhouse to mourn in private. 
On a Saturday two months after William’s funeral, Mary Ellen retreated to her sanctuary. Curled up on the living sofa with a book from William’s library, she allowed her mind to escape into another world. Randall had taken Harrison to the office for the afternoon. Her son was beginning an apprenticeship at Coulson-Hunter Enterprises. Randall was grooming the boy to eventually step into the void left by William.
The only sounds in William’s house were those that drifted in from the street through the opened windows. There was no reason to hire fulltime household staff for the property. No one ever used the kitchen or slept in the beds. Mary Ellen hired someone to clean it once a week and see to its general maintenance. 
She closed the book and placed it on her lap. “What should I do, William? I can’t hide here indefinitely,” she asked the empty room. “I wish I could talk to you. I think I miss talking to you most of all.”
 
Chapter Twenty-Seven

“You’re spending far too much time at William’s townhouse.” It was Christmas Eve, and it was the last thing Mary Ellen expected her husband to say as he handed her a wrapped package.  Harrison had already gone to bed, and just Mary Ellen and Randall remained downstairs by the Christmas tree. Flames flickered in the nearby fireplace.
“I enjoy the peace and quiet there.”
“Mary Ellen, I’m worried about you. Even Harrison is starting to question it. He wants to know why you’re always over there.”
“I hadn’t realized he noticed.”
“If this continues I’ll be forced to sell the house—for your own good.” 
Sitting on the chair by the Christmas tree, Mary Ellen looked up at her husband. It isn’t yours to sell. Then she wondered if he might have the right. 
“It’s just a place I go to think. Get some solace.” She shrugged.
“You need to rejoin the living again. Socialize with friends. Unless you’re with me, you’re over at that damned house alone. Go out to lunch with a girlfriend, donate your time to a charity, take up a hobby, get yourself a lover.”
His last suggestion made her smile, breaking the seriousness of the discussion.
“Okay, Randall, I promise, I’ll make more of an effort.”
“Now open it,” he told her. She looked down at the package he’d handed her moments earlier. It sat on her lap. She started to open it, but he stopped her.
“First let me explain.” Randall went down on his knee before her chair, and looked up into his wife’s face. He reached out and took her hands in his.
“For you to get on with your life, you need to find some way to put William behind you. I know when you go to his house, you talk to him.”
“How do you know that?”
“Because that’s what I do at the office, when I’m alone.” 
Mary Ellen smiled softly and gave his hands a gentle squeeze.
“I want you to try something, Mary Ellen. I’d like you to use this to write William.”
She frowned, wondering what was in the package. He released her hands and let her open the gift. After removing the wrapping paper, she discovered a leather ledger with blank pages.
“A diary?”
“Something like that. A place where you can write William about your life—your thoughts. But I don’t want you to write him once a day, or once a week or even once a month. I want you to write him once a year. On let’s say, New Year’s Day or his birthday. Whatever day you pick.”
“Why just once a year?”
“Because I want you to spend the rest of the year living your life.”

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Letters to William
Dearest William. 
Today is a new year. It is unimaginable to think you will never be part of it. When I wake up each morning, my first thought is of you. And often in that very first moment I believe you are still alive. When I remember the truth, grief washes over me as if it were the very first time I learned you were leaving me. 
Randall thinks I spend too much time at your house. Perhaps he is right. I promised him I would try to get more involved in life. 
Randall has been taking Harrison to the office, teaching him the business. He says the boy is a natural ­­­- bright. Just like his father.
Forever yours, Mary Ellen - January 1, 1934 


Dearest William,
It’s been a year since my first letter to you. I’ve tried to take Randall’s advice and make a life for myself. If you can hear me, wherever you are, you know I still come to your house, not nearly as often as before, but I still come. The pain is not as sharp, but it is always there, that emptiness I feel deep in my soul.
But I don’t have time these days to dwell on my own personal sorrows. The dust storms have moved their way to Chicago, and the situation has gotten worse. The poverty I’ve witnessed is devastating. I remind Harrison he has so much to be grateful for. 
Fortunately, we were in California when the storm hit Chicago in May. I’d closed your townhouse prior to our trip, so the damage was minimal. But even with everything closed up the dust managed to get inside.
Randall insisted we stay in California longer, where he has been working on a new project. I do love the weather there, so I was happy to oblige.
Harrison has grown a foot since you’ve seen him. He will soon be as tall as you. I see you in him, but he is with Randall so much, he is picking up many of his mannerisms. People often comment that Harrison has my eyes, but looks so much like his father. You were right, people see what they want to see.
Forever yours, Mary Ellen - January 1, 1935


Dearest William,
Perhaps you were wise to move on. The world seems like an increasingly scary place. Germany’s Adolf Hitler believes he does not have to honor the Versailles Treaty. We fear another war is on the horizon. I worry about Harrison. If war breaks out in the next few years, he could be dragged into it. I can’t lose Harrison like I lost you. I keep thinking of my brother Ed. 
When the year first started, Randall was optimistic about the country’s financial future. Things seemed to have turned around. But in April another devastating dust storm hit the west.
Scary times, William. I wish you were by my side so I could feel safe again.
 Forever yours, Mary Ellen - January 1, 1936


Dearest William
I’m happy to write, the economy continues to improve. Unfortunately, I still fear war. Hitler continues to blatantly disregard the Versailles Treaty. 
In spite of the growing unrest, the Olympics were held in Berlin this past summer and a negro, named Jesse Owens, from the United States won four gold medals. The world is changing.
On the home front, our son is seeing the daughter of one of Randall’s business associates. Her name is Vera Chalmers. I’ll be honest, I’m not happy about it. Before you accuse me of being an overprotective mother, I will remind you I never had a problem with the other girls he dated. But she is a bit older than him and she seems quite intent on turning this into a serious relationship. I tried to talk to Harrison about it, but he just laughed and told me not to worry, that he intends to stay a bachelor like his Uncle William.
But I am a woman, and see things he does not. Call it mother’s intuition, but I worry.
Forever yours, Mary Ellen - January 1, 1937


Dearest William,
We are going to be grandparents. Vera’s father came to Randall to tell him she was with child. Randall was furious with Harrison, but agreed with her father that the two must marry. The wedding was held November 3, in a private family ceremony.
When I found out, I cried. He doesn’t love her, and I wanted our son to marry for love. Something we were denied.
Harrison looked quite ill at the ceremony, but not once did he attempt to get out of the commitment. Vera, well, she was entirely a different matter all together. She threw an absolute fit! She wanted a big wedding, with all the trimmings and was visibly angry with her parents. Poor Harrison is going to have his hands full with this one.
I know this sounds like an overprotective mother, but I believe she planned to get pregnant so he would marry her. You would have had to witness her behavior over the last months to fully appreciate my sentiments.
As much as I hated to do it, I had the library put in storage. Harrison and his bride have moved into your house. Since he is your son, it seemed appropriate. Randall promises me I will one day have a place for the library.
Forever yours, Mary Ellen - January 1, 1938


Dearest William,
We have a grandson. His name is Harrison Randall Coulson. I will confess the name compounds my guilt, knowing there is no one to carry on your name. Randall is quite beside himself, delighted to now have a grandson, as if in some way the passage of the name gives him a sense of mortality.
Right away Randall started calling our grandson “Sonny,” saying it was too confusing having two Harrisons. I don’t believe Vera was happy with the nickname, but she seems a little frightened of Randall and reluctant to cross him in any matter.
While Randall has been good to me, he is falling into his old ways, quite the dictator. He doesn’t do it with me as much, but I notice it with our son. He needs you here to make him a better person.
Our grandson is quite beautiful, but Vera doesn’t seem very interested in being a mother. The primary care of young Harrison falls to the nanny. When Vera does spend time with the boy, she spoils him shamefully. 
Harrison is in college now, yet still works for Randall. I believe Randall always regretted dropping out of college, and says he wants “his” son to finish. He is giving Harrison a generous allowance, which Vera enjoys spending. While Randall is being most generous, he constantly reminds Harrison of his “generosity.”
 Forever yours, Mary Ellen - January 1, 1939


Dearest William,
What I feared would happen has happened. In September, Britain and France declared war on Germany. Roosevelt insists the United States will remain neutral, yet I don’t know how that is possible. Through some of his business contacts in Europe, Randall has been hearing extremely disturbing things about what Hitler is doing.
At home Harrison is doing very well in school, but he says if the United States enters the war, he is joining. I am not sure if he is being patriotic or simply wants an excuse to get away from Vera.
I’m sorry, that was very nasty of me. I am trying to get along with our daughter-in-law, honestly but the way she indulges Sonny one moment and neglects him the next, is troubling. I’ve offered to spend some time with the child, but she seems to resent me and makes excuses to limit my visits with him.
I hope to bring you better news next year.
Forever yours, Mary Ellen - January 1940


Dearest William,
Europe is still at war, and while the United States is technically at peace, Congress has passed a bill implementing military draft. All men between the ages of 21 and 36 are required to register. Randall tells me it is the first time America has implemented a “draft” during peace time, and he believes this signifies we will be in the conflict shortly. I hope he’s wrong.
Sonny is a handsome devil, and very bright. I wish I could say Vera has improved her mothering skills, but I can’t. Harrison has his hands full with school, working with his father and taking care of his family.
I just reread the entries I’ve written since starting this diary of sorts. I realize I’ve never really said what I’ve been doing since you went away. (I prefer to think of it that way, then I can imagine you will one day return.)
Randall and I continue to see the same crowd. Odd, I don’t think any suspect our unusual relationship. For the first two years after your death, I felt as if I was doing something brave and outgoing if I called one of the ladies from our group to join me for lunch. I eventually realized Randall didn’t want me to spend the rest of my life focusing on such trivial social pursuits.
I joined a ladies’ charity group, and have found the experience quite rewarding. It keeps me busy and I think I am doing something positive for our community. Randall seems very proud of me. He has become quite a dear friend, in spite of his tyrannical ways. 
Forever yours, Mary Ellen - January 1941


Dearest William,
Less than a month ago, on December 7, Japan attacked our base in Hawaii. One of my nephews, Pete’s boy, was stationed there. Thankfully he was not hurt. Over 2,000 of our men were killed, and many injured. We are officially at war.
Harrison has enlisted. Randall is devastated, and I find this is far too difficult to write about.
I need you.
Forever yours, Mary Ellen - January 1942


Dearest William,
I understand now how my mother felt, when her sons went off to fight. I can’t imagine her pain when she heard the news of Ed’s death. I just know it destroyed her. It is a fear I live with daily. He is somewhere in Europe, and so far safe. If it is within your power, please watch over our son.
I keep busy with volunteer work for the war effort. I spend my free time with Sonny. Vera seems more willing to let me spend time with him as she has lost her nanny, and is having a difficult time finding full time help. With the men gone, women are taking their jobs.
I am a bit disturbed over Sonny. The neighbor’s cat had kittens and I caught the boy about to throw one out his bedroom window. I’m not sure how he managed to sneak the kitten in his room, or how he managed to open the window. Fortunately, I saved the poor little thing before any damage was done.
I was about to give the boy a good spanking when his mother came home. I told her what he had done and she didn’t seem that concerned. She reminded me he is just a precocious child and instead of the spanking I’d planned, her idea of punishment was denying him dessert.
I suspect our grandson takes after his mother’s side of the family.
Forever yours, Mary Ellen - January 1943


Dearest William,
Harrison is home. There was an explosion and his leg is severely wounded, plus there was some damage to his right eye. Randall pulled some strings and had him brought home, so he could be seen by physicians here. 
He was in the hospital for several months, but was discharged in July. He’s still not a hundred percent and the doctors aren’t saying if he will fully recuperate. Thank god his eye is doing extremely well. The doctor said he is lucky he didn’t lose it. He is still using a cane, but with hard work, they feel he may not always need it.
Young Harrison is still a handful, yet he seems much calmer now. Happy to report I haven’t witnessed any more kitten incidents. Although, he has become something of a mama’s boy. I think that is because she tends to spoil him.
Pray for the end of the war.
Forever yours, Mary Ellen - January 1944


Dearest William,
I don’t know why I am surprised. Harrison and Vera have another child. It is a boy. Which makes Randall ridiculously happy. 
Our new grandson is named Garret Zane Coulson. I asked Harrison where Zane came from, he said from the author Zane Gray. I remember reading Zane Gray when I went into labor with Harrison. Harrison latched onto the name after hearing Randall tell the story. Apparently, the name caused a bit of a fuss with Vera’s mother, who wanted to know if someone in our family was Jewish.
He was born October 9. I imagine she got pregnant shortly after our last letter. He has the most beautiful blue eyes. I swear I can see you in them. 
Sad to report Vera’s mothering skills have not improved with the second child. She seems even less interested in this baby than with Sonny. She’s been very sullen, moody, and even snaps at poor Sonny for absolutely no reason at all. I suppose that is why he is terribly jealous of the new baby, and they have to watch him like a hawk. I keep thinking of the kittens.
Harrison continues to improve. His eye is a hundred percent now, and while he no longer uses a cane, he has a slight limp. The doctors tell him he needs to use the cane, as they don’t want him putting all his weight on the bad leg, but he refuses. He is stubborn. 
Coulson-Hunter Enterprises has been doing exceptionally well during this war. Randall tells me it was the same way during the last one. After Garret’s birth Randall told me he intends to change the name of Coulson-Hunter Enterprises to Coulson Enterprises. I was quite shocked. I asked him why he would want to do such a thing, and he said now he has a son and grandsons, he needs to think about them. I am not sure what that has to do with anything. But then, I don’t always understand why Randall does certain things.
I continue to miss you every day.
  Forever yours, Mary Ellen - January 1945


Dearest William,
The war is officially over!! Sadly, President Roosevelt, who was in his fourth term, did not live long enough to see it to its conclusion. He died in April. Harry Truman is now president.
Business here continues to prosper. Randall did what he said he would do—he changed the company name. Harrison is working with Randall now. He didn’t finish college. When I tried to talk him into going back he said “Mother, after what I’ve seen, I’ve all the education I need.” He then kissed me on the cheek and dismissed me. In an eerie way, he reminded me of Randall. 
Garret is such a happy little baby, and I see him frequently. I suspect Randall said something to Vera. I believe he noticed how Vera preferred turning the care of the boys to a nanny (now that they have one again) instead of letting them spend time with me. I believe he intervened on my behalf.
Sonny is in school, so I see him rarely. But I spend a great deal of time with Garret.
Now that this war is over, and our son is doing better, I am much happier. I still miss you though, every single day.
Forever yours, Mary Ellen - January 1946


My dearest William,
Remember when Randall told us of his dream, to build a city in the southwest? I think he was serious. He’s taken several business trips this year, to California, Arizona and Nevada, scouting for available land. He took Harrison along on the last trip.
Vera is horrified he will actually do it, because that means leaving Chicago and her family and friends. I know this, because she brought up the subject not long ago, trying to find out how I feel about it. When I told her it sounded exciting, she broke into tears. It was the wedding all over again.
The boys are doing well, yet I continue to worry about Sonny. I think I am the only one who finds his behavior disingenuous. He is exceedingly polite, and quite charms all the adults he meets, yet I can practically hear the wheels turning in his manipulating little brain.
Garrett is simply a rough and tumble little boy who loves hugs and getting into mischief. Something about him reminds me of you.
Forever yours, Mary Ellen - January 1947
 

Dearest William,
It looks like we’re moving. Not immediately, maybe in a year or two. There are lots to do before we can actually make the move. 
He’s purchased a 26 square mile parcel of barren land. The closest town is a little mountain community called Clement Falls. It is about thirty minutes away or so, at a much higher elevation. There are a number of lakes in the area, and some great fishing. 
Randall tells me he is going to name his new town “Coulson.” I think that’s why he wanted to change the name of the company. 
I’m actually looking forward to it—I need a change of climate. I’ve been so tired lately, and have been getting headaches. Perhaps I am just weary of the city and need some fresh air and sunshine. From what I understand, the area receives a lot of sunshine and no snow. Although, they do get snow up at Clement Falls.
The boys are doing well. Sonny never gets in trouble at school, so perhaps I was over concerned about the kitten incident and imagine character flaws that weren’t there. Vera definitely favors Sonny over Garret. I don’t understand it. Garret is such a loveable child. 
Our son seems to be happy, but he is always working and spends little time with his family.
I wish you were here for us.
Forever yours, Mary Ellen - January 1948


Dearest William,
We are scheduled to move to Coulson in June of this year. Yes, it is officially named Coulson. How strange that sounds to me, a town that shares my name. Randall is happier than I’ve ever seen him. He is also more determined. 
A happy Randall is not necessarily one who is easy to be around. I imagine you understand that better than most.
He is building me the house he promised. If the drawings are accurate, it will outshine the Coulson estate in Philadelphia. A three-story structure, the architecture does not quite fit the area I think. I gently pointed it out to Randall in the beginning, but he got quite annoyed with me, so I quickly backed off. With Randall, some battles are simply not worth fighting.
Plus, I haven’t the energy to fight. I suspect the thought of such a great move is exhausting me before I even start.
He is giving me my library, so at last your books will come out of storage. I’m excited about that. Randall has put me in charge of decorating the house, so I am keeping busy these days working with a decorator and picking out furniture. I must confess, I am enjoying it.
We are planning to sell both townhouses, but not until the move is complete. Harrison and his family will be living with us. There will be plenty of room—the house is enormous. I am not sure how Vera feels about moving in with her in-laws. But knowing her parents, I don’t believe staying in Chicago and living with them is an option. 
The boys continue to thrive. I think this move will be good for them.   
Forever yours, Mary Ellen - January 1949

Chapter Twenty-Nine

“Happy Birthday Mother,” Harrison greeted as Mary Ellen made her way down the staircase. 
“Thank you, darling. Where is everyone?” She stepped onto the landing and took Harrison’s arm as he escorted her to the sunroom to enjoy her morning coffee. After the library it was her favorite room in the new house.
“Vera is still upstairs asleep. I don’t expect her down for another hour or so. The boys are with the nanny having breakfast in the kitchen. Dad is downtown, meeting with several of the shop owners.”
“I still can’t believe he’s already filled the entire strip mall. It actually looks like a real little town.”
“Not according to Vera.” Harrison chuckled. “She’s quite horrified we only have one grocery store.”
“I didn’t know Vera went to the grocery store.” Mary Ellen smiled, feeling only a twinge of guilt for her catty remark.
“Oh, mother.” Harrison chuckled again. He then got serious and said, “This has been difficult for her. She’s never pretended to be a country girl. It’s foreign territory for her.”
“I know dear. I do understand, honestly.” Mary Ellen thought back to when she had been dragged from the country to the city, forced to marry and bed a man she barely knew. At least Vera chose the man she wanted, she thought.
“And you Harrison, how do you feel about your father insisting you come with us?”
 “I confess, I would have preferred to stay in Chicago. But I’m getting used to it. I tell myself I need to look at it like an adventure.” They’d reached the morning room and each took a seat at the small table where a pitcher of hot coffee waited. Harrison poured them each a cup.
“I’m glad you feel that way. Seeing this as an adventure, I mean.” She took a sip of her coffee.
“You did a beautiful job with this house, Mother, yet I’m not sure what father intends to do with the third floor and all those rooms.”
“Turn it into a hotel perhaps?” she asked with a smile.
“When the plans were being drawn, and I saw what he intended, I asked him why he didn’t do something smaller. Something like the townhouses.”
“What did he say?”
“He said it would show the world he was serious about the project. As it turned out it is the one thing Vera likes about the move.”
“So she doesn’t mind living under the same roof as her in-laws?”
“Between you and me, I think it makes her feel – well, like a princess. She lives up in the royal castle and can look down on her subjects.”
“Not a very flattering description of your wife, dear.”
“Well, I did say it was just between you and me.” Harrison winked at his mother. 
“Last night your father said ten of the building sites in this area have already sold. They were priced very high. I imagine that was also a factor.”
“True. I never thought he would get the price he was asking. It’s my understanding they’ll all be vacation homes,” Harrison told her.
“Well, looks like your father is actually going to make this thing work.”
“The plant should be operational within a month, and that will increase the full time population.”
Yes but not the type of people your wife wants to associate with, Mary Ellen thought to herself.
“Mother, are you feeling okay? You look a little tired. Didn’t you sleep well last night?”
“Remember dear, I am forty-nine today.” She chuckled.
“You are still beautiful Mother, and no one would ever guess your age.”
She reached over and patted her son’s hand. “You are sweet, dear.”
“Grandma!” Garret charged into the room, running straight for Mary Ellen. She barely had time to set her coffee cup on the table before he reached her. Leaping onto her lap he gave her a welcoming hug. Mary Ellen snuggled the small boy while peppering him with kisses. He quickly settled on her lap.
“Where is your brother?” Harrison asked.
“Dunno.” Garret shrugged. Mary Ellen hugged her youngest grandson and kissed him again. One of the household staff entered the room carrying a tray of breakfast for Harrison and Mary Ellen.
“Your grandmother’s breakfast is here. Get down, and let her eat,” Harrison told his son. Garret gave a little pouting frown but climbed down. Mary Ellen ruffled his hair as he scampered off.
“So what are your plans for the morning, Mother?”
“Nothing too exciting, maybe finish my book.”
“Well rest up, we’ve an exciting evening planned for your birthday. I know the boys are looking forward to the fireworks.”
“I must be special. They always have fireworks on my birthday.” 
Harrison reached across the table and patted her hand. “You are Mother, you are.”
• • • •
After breakfast, Mary Ellen went to the library alone. Instead of reading, as she told Harrison she intended to do, she sat on the small upholstered sofa, massaging her temples. She had another headache; there would be no reading this morning.
Leaning back on the sofa, her gaze wandered along the book lined walls. It was an impressive room, even nicer than William’s private library in Philadelphia.
“You would love this, William,” she said aloud to the empty room. She glanced up into a shelf in the far corner and smiled. Tucked behind several Greek classics was a hidden compartment where she stored the diary Randall had given her, along with some of William’s family photographs. I’ll have lots to write come New Year, she thought.
A stabbing pain in her right temple made her wince. Feeling a bit nauseous, she kicked off her shoes and curled up onto the sofa in a fetal position while hugging a throw pillow. She closed her eyes. 
“Mary Ellen—it’s time to go now.”
She didn’t open her eyes immediately. The headache is gone, she thought. I must have slept a while, I haven’t felt this rested in months.
“Mary Ellen, come love. Time to go.”
She looked up toward the sound of the voice.
“William?” she whispered. William stood before Mary Ellen, looking down at her with a supremely peaceful expression on his face. For some reason she wasn’t surprised to see him. He extended his right hand toward her and she took it and stood up.
“Is it our time now?” she asked. A warm blanket of love engulfed her.
“Yes, love. They are all waiting to see you.”
“Mama, Ed, Papa?” 
“Yes Mary Ellen, let’s go now.” In the distance, a golden light beckoned her. With William at her side, she started toward it, then she paused and looked back a moment.
“What about them?”
“They aren’t ready yet Mary Ellen. Their story has yet to be told.”
She smiled, gave William a little nod and looked back toward the light. Together Mary Ellen and William continued on their journey.
Return to Coulson
in Anna J. McIntyre’s 
Coulson’s Crucible

Excerpt from Coulson’s Crucible
Prologue
He’d finally stopped crying, but she knew he would start again. He always did. Vera made her way up the rear staircase of Coulson House carrying her three month old son, who slept soundly in her arms. Someone might see her if she used the main staircase.  
No one went to the third floor, except for the household staff to periodically clean the unused rooms. Speculation varied as to why her father-in-law built such an impressive estate. Some said it was for his wife, Mary Ellen, while others insisted it was to show the world he was committed to his project–developing the resort community he founded that bore his name.
 Her mother-in-law, Mary Ellen Coulson, had decorated the mansion. Just months after moving into the impressive estate, Mary Ellen died in its library on the first floor. She was just forty-nine. 
Vera wanted to go outside, breathe in the fresh air. Walking into one of the rooms on the third floor, she paid little notice to the ornate furnishings and impressive artworks. Instead she walked through the room to the French doors leading to the balcony. 
It was breezy outside. Vera held the sleeping bundle tighter. She didn’t want to wake Russell. Closing her eyes, Vera breathed in the crisp December air, escaping for a moment the prison that was her life. If she could just be free, fly far away from her pain, her sadness. Without thought, she climbed onto the wide banister surrounding the balcony and looked down. It took considerable effort to maintain balance, especially while holding the sleeping babe.
“Mother!” Vera’s eight-year old son, Garret shouted as he raced through the doorway onto the balcony. His sudden and unexpected appearance caused Vera to lose her balance for a brief moment, but she reached out with her free hand and grabbed the outside of the building to steady herself.
“Please Mother, get down, you could fall!” Garret begged. Vera looked down at her son and smiled.
“Don’t be silly, Garret, I can fly. Come.” She reached her hand out to him. “Join me and I’ll show you.”
“No, please, get down!” Garret began to cry.
“Here, you’ll see,” Vera said calmly. 
Turning away from Garret, she stood precariously atop the banister. Closing her eyes, she prepared to take flight when a gust of air hit the front of her body, sending her sprawling backward onto the balcony floor. The fall woke Russell, who began to cry, but he remained secure in his mother’s arms. Garret ran from the balcony.
The abrupt fall knocked the air from Vera’s fragile body. Colliding against the balcony floor was painful, yet nothing appeared to be broken. Attempting to catch her breath, she held tight onto the squirming baby. Opening her eyes, Vera looked into the face of Mary Ellen Coulson. Transfixed by the apparition, Vera’s eyes widened. The next moment, Mary Ellen was gone.
• • • •
Coulson’s Crucible available at the eBook vendor where you downloaded Coulson’s Wife.

Anna J. McIntyre
Books by Anna J. McIntyre

THE COULSON SERIES
Coulson’s Wife (Book 1)
Coulson’s Crucible (Book 2)
Coulson’s Lessons (Book 3)
Coulson’s Secret (Book 4)
Coulson’s Reckoning (Book 5)


UNLOCKED HEARTS SERIES
Sundered Hearts
After Sundown
Sugar Rush
While Snowbound

HAUNTING DANIELLE SERIES
Haunting Danielle
Haunting Danielle, Book 1
