
c3

An Interactive Novel
by
Sherrie Cronin
 
Copyright 2014 by Sherrie Cronin
Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. First Edition. Published 2014
by Cinnabar Press, Montgomery, Texas 77316

ISBN-13: 978-1-941283-07-3

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

No part of this book may be reproduced in any form by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems, without permission in writing from the publisher, except for review.

Cover design and illustration by Jennifer FitzGerald of http://www.MotherSpider.com 

This book is a work of fiction and, with the exception of news items, public figures, and cultural information, the events, characters and institutions in it are imaginary, as is the organization c3. No individual character, organization, or group of people included as part of the fictional narrative is intended to represent any real person or group. The author is not responsible for the content of third party websites. 


Dedication
 
This book is dedicated to my youngest daughter Emerald, who fills my life with hugs and fuzzy blankets and songs that make me cry. I thank her for always asking about my writing, I love her for her passionate spirit, and I cheer her on as she fights to make this world a better place. I have no doubt that she will.
It is also dedicated to every sort of traveler: to those who wander, to those who seek and to those who choose to answer a call.

Author’s Note

This book does not contain graphic sex or material intended to be erotic. However, it does deal indirectly with the disturbing subjects of human trafficking and forced prostitution, and in the interest of realism it contains occasional crude language. Therefore it is intended for an audience with sufficient maturity to handle the language and the subject matter.
This is entirely a work of fiction. However, when the plot involves the sex trade, I only used elements that my research indicated actually occur. I didn’t have to invent practices because reality provided me with more material than I could use.
On a different note, for those whose love of science is meager or memory of high school physics is weak, allow me to remind you that in Albert Einstein’s famous equation e=mc2 the letter c stands for the speed of light. This is the velocity at which energy radiates out in three dimensions from a single point. 
This book is not just about sex crimes. It is also about the people who find ways to light a solitary candle in the darkness, and it is about how the resulting light they produce makes its way outward in every direction.


Table of Contents

Before	 
1. December 1999: Being Brave
2. April 2009: Being Helpful
3. April 2009: Being Quiet
4. May 2011: Marching Forward

Part 1. Leaving the Nest to Touch the Sky	 
5. August 2011: Traveling
6. August 2011: Arriving 
7. September 2011: Wandering
8. September 2011: Fleeing 
9. October 2011: Accepting
10. October 2011: Seeking
11. November 2011: Doing
12. November 2011: Discovering
13. December 2011: Seeing
14. December 2011: Disappearing
15. Christmas 2011: Celebrating

Part 2. c3: Jvalalaya, the Abode of Light
16. New Year’s Day 2012: Readjusting
17. January 2012: Beginning
18. January 2012: Learning
19. February 2012: Unlearning
20. February 2012: Finding
21. March 2012: Losing
22. March 2012: Knowing
23. Early April 2012: Urging
24. Early April 2012: Bringing	
25. Late April 2012: Linking
26. Late April 2012: Deciding
27. Early May 2012: Recovering
28. Early May 2012: Going
29. Late May 2012: Ascending
30. Late May 2012: Descending
31. Late May 2012: Calling
32. June 2012: Answering
33. June 2012: Departing

After
34. July 2025: Being Helpful
35. July 2045 Dancing Forward
36. March 2064 Being Brave

Thanks
Resources
About the Author
Characters
Places

A note to my readers using electronic devices:

This book can be read just fine without ever using the blue underlined links that are imbedded in the text at the rate of about one per chapter. However, these links will take you to blogs, websites and news articles that provide photographs and information that could enhance your enjoyment of this novel. There are also nine links to songs enjoyed by the main characters in the story. Clicking on the name of the song will open a video on most devices. Listen for a bit of extra ambiance before returning to the novel. 
If you prefer sticking to one document at a time, or if you are reading this in a format that does not support hypertext, then these links can be used as starting points for more flavor after the book is finished. The full URLs are given in the acknowledgements at the end, and there are live hyperlinks at the website given below. Both locations also contain links to video recordings of live performances of the songs that are mentioned in this novel. URLs will be monitored periodically to ensure that they remain live. If you discover that a link is broken kindly contact the author at teddie.zeitman@gmail.com. Readers are encouraged to support the referenced artists, news outlets and sites referred to in this book.
Because this novel has many characters with unfamiliar names and takes place in locales likely to be new to the reader, this book contains a list of people and places. This list can be easily found on most readers as it is located at the very end and there is a live link to it in the Table of Contents.
Please visit this book's website, Leaving the Nest to Touch the Sky (ctothepowerofthree.org), for more information about Teddie’s skills and adventures, and about the previous and upcoming novels featuring other members of her family.
Finally, because education is a crucial component in fighting the sale and abuse of young women, please consider supporting the Malala Fund at malalafund.org. This is an organization dedicated to providing a formal education for the more than 600 million adolescent girls in the developing world who struggle for this basic right. If you paid for this book, you have already contributed. Ten percent of the author’s proceeds from c3 are being donated to the Malala Fund, in order to help promote a world that is better than the one described here.


A map of Southern Asia

Before

1. December 1999: Being Brave

 “Where’s your little sister? If she sees you, she’ll tell on us.”
“Relax.” Thirteen-year-old Zane Zeitman held the portable phone between his neck and his shoulder while he fumbled with the cork on the exotic bottle of liqueur he had slipped out of his parents’ liquor cabinet days before. As the top came loose, it smelled vaguely like coffee and paint, neither of which Zane would ever drink. He hoped silently that it tasted better than it smelled.
“She’s been asleep for two hours now, and she knows better than to come into my room.”
His best friend Bhadra was an only child, making her naturally suspicious of siblings. She sat alone five miles away in her family’s upstairs game room, talking to Zane on the phone as she stared at the unopened can of cold beer. She wished that she had been able to get a hold of something more appealing, but her parents weren’t much for partying and her dad barely kept a few brews in the refrigerator. Knowing them, they’d be home within thirty minutes of the stroke of midnight, even on such a special New Year’s Eve. And that meant that she and Zane had better get this little party going.
“I can’t believe that they made me stay home by myself on the biggest night of the whole world’s life,” Bhadra complained into the phone one last time as she bravely popped open the can. “I’m going to remember this forever.”
“Yeah, well I’m here watching my little sister,” Zane replied, “protecting her in case the Y2K bug completely collapses civilization.” He laughed. “So here’s to outsmarting them all. Adults don’t get that you don’t have to be together to party together. Happy New Year, Bhadra.” He raised the glass of noxious brown liquid high.
“Yeah. Here’s to a millennium filled with freedom for both of us,” Bhadra toasted, before she closed her eyes and made herself take a big swallow.
Zane coughed, and Bhadra gagged, but neither complained.
“I say the year two thousand deserves at least a second sip,” Zane suggested.
“At least,” Bhadra agreed. The second and third gulps weren’t quite as awful.
“You know, there’s a lot of cool shit that is gonna happen in this next century,” Zane said, starting to feel more adult and philosophical. “I bet that we’re going to see things that are amazing.”
“Yeah, this next thousand years, who knows what the human race is gonna do,” Bhadra agreed, then giggled when a giant burp escaped her.
Zane giggled too. This whole party-by-phone thing was pretty damn clever. The fourth gulp was easier, and by the fifth one Zane was starting to think that maybe he would take up drinking coffee. Maybe even paint wouldn’t be so bad. 
After the next giant swallow the mental image of him chugging a can of paint had him laughing out loud and that made the normally serious Bhadra start to giggle uncontrollably. Then they were drinking more and laughing louder and talking and drinking and feeling very grown up and very much like, well, actually the truth of the matter was that Zane was starting to feel very much like he was about to throw up.

******
At the extreme eastern edge of the mighty Himalayas lies a place removed from modern civilization. Called the land of the dawn-lit mountains, the Mishmi Hills are hidden from satellite view by constant cloud cover, barred from tourism due to ongoing border problems with China and Burma, and sparsely inhabited by fiercely independent nomadic tribes frequently at war with each other. Here, at the furthest corner of India’s Arunachal Pradesh district, the peaks rise only to about sixteen-thousand feet, classing them as mere hills by comparison with their more westerly Himalayan neighbors.
Za huddled with her four-year-old twins under fur blankets as the December winds howled off of the nearby peaks. She neither knew nor would have cared that she happened to be sitting on the man-made border of the giant nation of China, the eastern edge of India and the northwestern piece of Burma, a nation that now preferred to call itself Myanmar. Her people gave no heed to the politics or religions of the others, any of the others. She cared only that these children, her first, had grown strong and healthy in spite of coming into the world a month too soon.
A winter storm had stopped the small group of foragers yesterday, but that pause had given Za and the children welcome time for rest. In a day or two, Za knew that she would bundle the little boy and girl against her strong body and ride with her family to a lower elevation and a more protected valley. Her husband and his brother stood guard outside against the many random thieves from other tribes who would not hesitate to prey upon such a small and helpless group if they were found.
Za looked down at the sleeping faces of her two firstborn and thought that she had never seen features so perfect or faces that were so beautiful. She brushed each little cheek in turn, wondering what sort of future the spirits had in mind for these perfect little twins.
Her soft speculations were interrupted by a harsh war yell, and Za felt the chill of fear and the nausea of dread, as she knew they had been discovered.

******
Four-year-old Teddie Zeitman was a light sleeper, doubly cursed by an overactive imagination that saw creatures in the laundry basket and heard moans in the air vents. Her big sister Ariel had convinced her that her bed was a fortress, impermeable to any monsters as long as she stayed in it. She trusted Ariel, who was a wise eleven-year-old and very sure of how the world worked. Big brother Zane had laughed at Ariel’s theory, but that didn’t matter because lately Zane laughed at everything she said. Turning thirteen had changed him. He wouldn’t play games anymore and he treated Teddie like she didn’t matter, so Teddie was sure that Zane was wrong about the bed fortress thing.
She’d been woken by the sound of Zane talking loudly to one of his friends on the phone. It annoyed daddy that Zane talked on the phone so much and Teddie knew that was because he wanted Zane to be practicing basketball instead, so that he’d make the school team. Teddie also knew that Zane hated basketball and had no plan to ever be on any team that played it. This could not end well. How come the grown-ups couldn’t see that?
As she snuggled her head full of pretty black curls deeper into her pillow, she pulled the soft green quilt her mother had bought her tight around her body. She wanted to go sit with Zane in his room. Teddie hated having her own room. Not long ago Zane would let her come in and doze on his bed while he played video games or whispered on the phone with his friends. She always felt safe when Zane let her do that. But now, he wanted his “privacy.” Teddie wasn’t sure what “privacy” was, but she wasn’t a big fan of it.
She had just about worked up the courage to go knock on Zane’s door when a shadow flickered across her floor. She cringed. It was something outside the window. Bird monsters? Oh no, not bird monsters again. So much for getting out of bed and going down the hall. 
She pulled the covers higher over her head. “Please be right, Ariel. Please be right.” She muttered it over and over until she felt herself relax and start to doze. And then she heard the unmistakable sound of Zane throwing up.
I should make sure he is okay, she thought groggily. Mommy and Daddy aren’t here. Ariel is at a slumber party. What if Zane’s dying? But the bird monster is waiting for me to get out of bed. He always waits for me. I’m pretty sure that bird monsters peck your eyes out.
Teddie huddled into an even tinier ball under her covers, not knowing what to do. She was tired and her bed was warm. She began to drift back to sleep, hoping that Zane wasn’t so sick that he needed her to call somebody for help. Then she heard Zane start retching horribly again.
While her tightly curled body stayed safely under the covers, Teddie rolled over towards the side of the bed. It was weird. She didn’t exactly stand up because she didn’t exactly have to. She sort of floated up, actually, without really thinking much about it and then she floated through the opening in her bedroom door and down the hall. Worried for Zane, Teddie didn’t even hesitate when she came to his closed bedroom door. She floated on through it and felt a funny fuzzy sensation as she passed right through the wood. It tickled and made her giggle. 
She moved to a vantage point just below his ceiling fan, and she watched him through his open bathroom door as he pushed himself away from the toilet and stood up weakly. He looked awful as he wobbled toward his sink and washed his face. 
Then he picked up his toothbrush and swirled it around his mouth a little and Teddie felt her worry ebb. She didn’t think that people who were dying bothered to brush their teeth, so he was going to be okay.
And then it hit her. She was here in Zane’s room and her body wasn’t. What should she do? She tried to move but she didn’t seem to know how. As she turned to the door in panic, she saw a thin sparkly green cord running from her floating self back down the hall to her room. That hadn’t been there a minute ago. 
She reached for the pretty cord and with an alarming pop she felt herself snap back into her body, no floating required. Just, zap. She was back safe inside of Teddie, who was under the covers safe inside of her fortress bed. She hugged herself tighter as she pulled the soft green quilt up all the way over her head. 
Now that was a scary trip. She promised herself that she would never, ever do that again. Unless, of course, it was another real emergency like this one had been. Then, well, maybe. 

******
It had been easy to kill the two poorly armed men guarding the three tents and to slit the throats of the two useless elders in their sleep. The two young women had died trying to defend the children and themselves. Foolish women. They would have lived and been of some use if they had allowed themselves to be captured. 
The problem now was what to do with the young ones. One howling baby had been killed with its mother, but the two children in the other tent were older. Had they looked sickly they would have been left to die, crying to the wind. But these two looked rosy and strong. They would likely survive the rough ride back to the village, and there, women could be found to care for them. They would have some value before too long. 
“Keep them?” the younger brother asked.
“Of course,” his elder barked. “They are our property now. We train the boy to fight and he helps us. If he’s weak, we kill him or we sell him. The girl’s better. In a few years she’ll have value. More if she turns out to be pretty.”
“Maybe she can be of use to us,” the younger brother suggested hopefully.
“Idiot. There’re girls for that, and this little thing is years away from that kind of use. But I know of a man that buys them very young, and for good money. This one will bring us plenty of food and supplies for our trouble.”
And so each brother bundled up a softly sobbing child and placed it in front of him as he mounted his horse. 

******
January 1, 2000, wasn’t really the start of a new millennium. Everyone knew it and nobody cared. This was the day that all the nines rolled into zeroes on the odometer of time. It was the day on which the world might end. It was the day on which it was exciting to be alive. 
The Pacific Island nation of Kiribati was the first nation on earth to greet the year 2000. So on New Year’s morning, over a billion folks, including the Zeitmans, turned on their television sets to watch a recording of the I-Kiribati welcoming the dawn with a conch shell and singing a song asking for love and peace. Viewers the world over learned with relief there had been no bombs and no apocalypse while they slept, and that the open beaches of Kiribati had remained devoid of aliens, computer bugs and vengeful angels throughout the night.
Teddie sat with her brother eating cereal, and she watched, puzzled, as Zane ate slowly and without much appetite. Daddy had turned on the TV and they were watching dancers in beautiful gold hats with flaming torches. 
"Way to go, humanity," one reporter gushed. “Amazingly, this day has dawned peacefully the world over, and for just one night humans have managed to do each other no harm.”

2. April 2009: Being Helpful

Teddie sometimes felt that her parents treated her too much like an adult. True, most other thirteen-year-olds would die to have that problem and she knew it, but Teddie figured other kids didn’t understand much about what adulthood really was. It wasn’t freedom to do whatever you wanted. It was about being responsible for getting your own homework done and then for sometimes making dinner too. It was being expected to be as considerate of your parents as they were of you. It was more “have to” and less “get to” than most kids realized. Frankly, Teddie was all for being treated like a kid. 
But the problem with having your two siblings seven and nine years older than you was that your parents tended to forget how young you were. Teddie had learned there was no Santa years too soon. It wasn’t Zane or Ariel’s fault—they would have kept the charade up for years. Why not? More presents. No, good old mom and dad had decided that it was time for the family to move on, and develop more realistic and adult traditions. That was fine, unless you were seven.
And now, once again, her dad was asking her to act like an adult.
“Your mom could really use some play time of her own, Teddie. She works hard. She doesn’t get spring breaks and summers off like you and I do. I’ve got a chance to take her on a canoe adventure that she is going to love, but sweetie I need to know that you are safe somewhere for the weekend.”
“I don’t see why I can’t just stay here at the house by myself.”
“Teddie, you won’t be able to call us while we’re on the river. We’re not taking expensive cell phones in a canoe. We have to know that you are okay. Come on. Shawna’s family has invited you out to their lake cabin for the weekend. Surely you can put your differences with Shawna aside for a couple of days so I can do something nice for your mother.”
Shawna had been a childhood friend and there were a dozen good reasons why Teddie no longer wanted anything to do with her, but unfortunately none of them were things any right-minded teenager would ever tell her parents. 
“We were friends in fourth grade, dad. We’ve seriously grown apart.”
“So, grow back together for a couple of days. I talked to Shawna’s dad and he said that they’d be so happy to have you come along. He said he missed your pretty face around his house and wished you girls still played together.”
Yeah, I bet. Teddie thought. Shawna’s creepy dad was one of those dozen reasons she couldn’t begin to mention. 
“Sure. Fine. It’s just for a weekend. I’ll go.” 
“That a girl. Thanks Teddie. Your mom and I owe you one.”

******
Amy Levitt had nothing to run away from. Her father had been caring, her mother supportive. She couldn’t explain why, all her life, she had been driven to help women in need, but she was thankful that her fervor had not come from trauma or abuse. Amy’s passion for giving hope to her sisters who had suffered rape or violence from the types of monsters she had never personally encountered was fueled by some strong internal sense of justice that she simply could not explain. 
It was true that her master’s degree in social work had given her parents pause. “Maybe hospital administration would be a little more useful? Maybe more lucrative?” her mother had pushed. But no. Twenty-two-year-old Amy knew exactly what she wanted to do, and it did not involve administration of anything. 
Twenty-three-year-old Amy had the academic credentials to become a player in the world of aiding abused women and twenty-five-year-old Amy had spent two years working at a hotline encouraging desperate women to get help. At twenty-six, after an only slightly less depressing year in the stateside office of an international NGO dedicated to stopping human trafficking, friends and family kept asking her if she was burnt out yet. Burnt out? No, as far as Amy was concerned, she was just getting started.
And now, twenty-eight- year-old Amy was leaving that stateside office, accepting a promotion, and packing her bags. She was an odd young woman who liked to dress in flowing foreign-looking clothes and bright tropical prints and who spoke her mind with surprising directness. She was already something of an expert in the field of helping trafficking victims. True, some of her seniority came from the fact that so many of her compatriots had left the field to take jobs with more money and less emotional demands. But still, in spite of her colorful wardrobe and wild mane of unruly brown curls, she was capable and eager to help. So they had made her an administrator. Her mother had laughed a little at the news.
“You’re going to be running a whole office?”
“Well, there’s only six of us there, mom, and three are local volunteers. It’s not like I have a giant staff or a big budget to manage.”
“You’ll do great dear. I know you will.”
Amy hoped so. Right now Darjeeling, India seemed ridiculously far away, and the human trafficking problems of the two radically different cultures of the Northern India Hindu and the Himalaya Buddhist seemed impossibly difficult to understand.

******
Jampa walked up to his favorite rock to meditate. No, it wasn’t his favorite rock. He wasn’t supposed to have a favorite rock. All rocks were fine. If this rock were occupied, he did not want to risk disappointment and worse yet irritation with its occupant. He chose this rock today because it was an effective place for his meditation, and as a young monk in training, Jampa knew that meditation was important.
As he slowed his breathing and concentrated on the Eight-Fold Path, he felt himself slipping into the deep trance for which he was known. Those far older than he marveled at the discipline with which Jampa could let go of the chatter in his mind and the speed with which he could move into the intense contemplation that was the realm of the dedicated Buddhist monk. The truth was, no one had ever taught him the technique. He had been doing it for as long as he could remember.
Jampa had little memory of living with the traveling caravan that had dumped him at the monastery door, but he thanked them every day for the mercy that they had shown him. He was told that he was six or seven years old at the time, and had been purchased by the caravan months earlier to fetch water and do chores. 
The men complained to the monks that once they started their journey westward they discovered that the little boy was often useless because he would unexpectedly go into these deep trances. They wished to make a gift of him to the monastery. 
The monks had, of course, accepted the gift and made the little boy one of their own. Thus, Jampa had received his name, and had become a devout Buddhist and a citizen of Bhutan before he was eight. For over five years now he had successfully hid the real secret behind his meditative abilities from the men who taught him, and who luckily thought that his going into such a deep trance was a powerful religious thing.

******
Vanida curled up into her sleeping palette and hoped that finally tonight she would get to see her friend again. She had known him since before she could remember, since before Pim and Noi had become her mothers and her owners.
Vanida had little memory of the man who had sold her to Pim and Noi when she was little, but she remembered the two women announcing sternly to her that they preferred older girls who could take care of themselves and would not cry at night for their mothers. Even though Pim and Noi were strict, they fed her well enough and gave her a soft place to sleep, and that made them kinder than the man who had sold her. Vanida tried hard right from the start to act older so that Pim and Noi would not send her back.
She and her seven new sisters lived in a camp outside of a marvelous city called Bangkok. She had never seen Bangkok, but she was told over and over by Pim and Noi that it was full of wonders and that one day she would get to live there.
In the meantime, in order to have the fine life that Pim and Noi promised her, she had to work very hard. Soon after they bought her, the women had done something quick and painful to her between her legs. The pain had gone away fast enough. After she stopped bleeding she was told that she could now practice with the other girls. Vanida was taught how to insert small things inside and use her muscles to control them. She and the other younger girls worked at using straws to blow out birthday candles, and at lying on their backs and shooting darts up in the air at balloons. They sucked in glasses of water, practiced dancing with the water inside, and then practiced spewing the water back out on command. They got very good at all of it, because those who could not do the exercises well did not get fed.
Vanida turned out to be especially talented at inserting the special pen into her private parts and holding it tight while she squatted over a table and wrote. Most of the girls being trained at the camp only managed a barely legible scrawl, but Vanida had a knack for the writing trick. She was told that she would make lots of money in tips if she worked hard and got even better at it. 
She liked having this special talent because she had been able to use it to persuade Pim and Noi to also let her practice writing with her hand, and to practice her reading as well. Otherwise, how could she compose notes that would make the men want to tip her more? 
Then, Vanida managed to get the women to let her start to practice words in English and French and Japanese. She moved on to phrases in each language, her eager young mind learning all three with a speed that surprised her owners. They considered that perhaps she was providing herself with too much education, but Vanida was smart enough to suggest otherwise. She only wanted to be a better entertainer. Knowing more words would make her worth more money. After all, how many of her customers were going to be Thai?
Noi finally began to give her old paperback books in all four languages, just so she could learn more phrases to practice. The books were almost always about handsome confident men who ravished beautiful women who secretly wanted them. She loved reading the books, and the more she read the better she got in each tongue. By the time she was thirteen, she could read and write well in Thai, English, Japanese and French. Even Pim, the sterner of her two owners, admitted that she could see how Vanida was going to bring a very high price once a buyer grasped the value of having an exotic dancer who could write personal notes to clients in four languages with her pussy.
The other girls practiced the common, well-known Thai barroom tricks like shooting Ping-Pong balls across the room and cracking eggs inside and spitting out the contents. The older girls who already had sex with men could do more tricks with bananas, and the oldest sister in the group, who had been pregnant and given birth, could even cram all manner of living things up inside like squirming frogs and live birds. 
Pim and Noi said that in other camps girls were forced to learn dangerous tricks like placing razor blades inside themselves and pulling them out. Pim and Noi did not believe in taking those kinds of risks with a woman’s chief way of making money in this world. They were good to their girls that way.
At one point Pim decided that Vanida should also train with a cigarette in a long elegant holder, because it was good to have a variety of talents. But Noi, who seemed to like Vanida better, took her aside and told her to avoid doing the pussy-smoking trick. “It will make you dry and stink inside,” Noi said. So Vanida developed uncontrollable coughing fits whenever Pim tried to make her do it. After a while Pim gave up, and both mothers let her focus solely on her penmanship.

******
Amy’s first impression of India was the airport in Delhi. The smells and sounds were intense, but it was the colors that overtook her. Clothing, signs, foods, people—everything had a brightness to it, a passion that made Amy blink in happy surprise. She looked down at her own neon-colored clothes and smiled. She had always stood out in a world that had seemed far too tastefully beige to her. Perhaps here she could find a home.
Amy noticed that the younger people were dressed more like young people from Chicago, and it was those in her parents’ generation who were wearing clothes less familiar to her. Many older males wore turbans. A few women wore the shadowy hijabs of the Middle East, and a fair number wore the bright saris of India. Some of both genders sported simple Buddhist robes, many of plain cotton, but others of more ornate brocades.
She found herself standing at the luggage carousel next to a tall, very muscular man in one such basic Buddhist robe, and she could not help but admire both his well-toned physique and its contrast with the simple clothes that he wore. He noticed her attention and smiled back as he studied her lime green, orange and fuchsia paisley top with its exaggerated batwing sleeves. There was amusement in his eyes.
His shaven head and eastern Asian features made it likely that he came from nearby Nepal or Bhutan. Amy was trying to think of something to ask him, a way to greet him and make conversation, when he reached past her for his bag, and then he turned and was gone. Amy watched as the paleness of his robe was swallowed up by the cacophony of color around him. 
I really have traveled halfway around the world, she thought as she made her way into the line for customs. And I really do have very little idea of what I am doing.
3. April 2009: Being Quiet

Friday morning after she was dropped off, Teddie wasn’t particularly surprised to learn that Shawna’s family had decided not to head out to the nearby lake cabin until Sunday, and that she was expected to just stay at their house until then. She remembered a lot of plans falling through at the last minute with these people. But it was okay. Teddie wasn’t all that fond of lakes and cabins anyway.
Shawna was nice enough to her as the day wore on, and the two of them spent most of the time watching movies from Shawna’s fairly impressive collection of chick flicks. Teddie’s parents weren’t terribly strict about what she watched, and PG-13 movies were common in the Zeitman house, but even Teddie was a little surprised at the content of the R-rated movies that Shawna selected. “I get a lot of them from my brother and his friends. He’s a senior. Remember him?” 
“He and his friends like chick flicks?” Teddie recalled a shy fourteen-year-old boy with bad acne who kept looking at her chest and had been almost too embarrassed to even talk to her.
“No,” Shawna giggled, “but his friends like to buy me things. I do know how to be appreciative.”
Shawna blinked her eyes seductively. Teddie didn’t reply.
Saturday morning Teddie learned that Shawna had persuaded her parents to let her have one of her frequent slumber parties out at the cabin Saturday night before her parents joined them on Sunday. Shawna’s dad had agreed to drive Teddie and Shawna out there and drop them off. Okay. 
Teddie listened to the guest list as Shawna excitedly called friends and helped them arrange for rides to a place about forty-five minutes out of town. By mid-afternoon it looked like pretty much every girl in the eighth-grade class who drank, smoked weed or otherwise partied was going to be there. Some “slumber party.”
So. She could do this if she had to. Smoking made her cough and alcohol tasted gross but she could surely walk around with a drink in her hand and look cool. It would probably enhance her reputation at school some. And she was just doing her folks a favor. You know, no problem, dad. You pleaded with me to go with these people so mom could have a good time, remember?

******
The girl did not always join him when he entered his trance, but more often than not she did. Sometimes Jampa left his body and arrived first, and then he called out to her with his mind. Other times, he felt a tug he could not explain. Those were the times when he dropped into a trance without meaning to, the times when he found her waiting for him. Every once in a while, they simply arrived together.
They never spoke. Sounds would not form in this world of their second bodies, and so Jampa had no idea what the girl’s name was. All he knew was that they had played together since before he could remember. As children they had chased birds and butterflies through the air and played hide and seek in the trees. These second bodies were so much more versatile. They could float and fly and move straight through solid matter if they chose. These bodies never got injured or tired or cold or had any other problems. Jampa and the girl always met in their second bodies, but he guessed that she must have a regular one that she also left behind, the way he left his back at the monastery.
Jampa thought that when they were little, they had played together without clothes. He had never paid much attention, but it must have been so because the last time they met he had unexpectedly noticed his nakedness. Embarrassed, he snapped back into his real body. 
Now, he was afraid that he might not see her again. The last couple of times that he found himself in his special body, she was not there and she did not come when he called. He was sad, thinking that his nakedness had scared her away and wishing that he had been aware of it sooner. 
As he sat doing his evening meditation on the rock that was like any other, he found his special body traveling into a clearing in the woods. He thought that it was high up in the mountains because there was snow on the ground. He looked down in the twilight and saw that he was now dressed in a lightweight black robe that fit him comfortably and clung to him effortlessly during his every move. 
She was in the clearing, kneeling in the snow below, naked and shivering. He saw that she was crying and he didn’t understand. She had never been cold, or anything other than happy when they had met.
Then he realized that he held a second robe in his hands. It was the first time that he had ever held or moved anything physically in this special world, so he reasoned that the robe must be made of the same substance as his floating body.
Carefully, he stood beside her and placed the robe around her shoulders. She accepted it, and pulled it tight as the robe gathered itself around her body, fitting her perfectly and covering her completely. She looked up at him and smiled in gratitude. He hugged her and he was sure then that she was not the female that the monks had warned him he would crave someday and would need to resist. Rather, he knew that somehow she was of him. Like him. 
The two of them went back to playing together then, exploring the snow-filled valley in the dusk and racing along the top of the nearly frozen little mountain stream that sparked in the evening’s glow. It was only later when he returned to his first body that he found a name for the feeling she evoked in him and he knew what he must call her. Noom. She was his sister. 

******
Shawna’s older brother Blake had cured his acne in the last four years, and it looked like he had acquired a nasty attitude to go with his clearer complexion. He was still every bit as scrawny, but a certain belligerence now made him seem larger. He also seemed to have acquired a group of older friends that Teddie was pretty sure weren’t in high school any more. 
Two- or three-dozen girls and almost as many boys from the junior high had been showing up for an hour or so now for the “slumber party.” Most had been driven out to the cabin by older siblings and friends, some of whom stayed as well. A little beer had come with them, but clearly the group did not have the makings for a real party. Not, that is, until Blake showed up in his four-door pickup truck with three other guys and the back filled with alcohol. They were greeted with a cheer, as the young would be partygoers started to eagerly unload beer and the ample sweet wine coolers that most of the girls preferred.
“We’ve made a very generous contribution to your party,” one of Blake’s friends said meaningfully to Shawna. “So get your girlfriends out here and get them lined up. Gonna take two of them to pay for tonight’s generosity.”
Shawna rolled her eyes. “You always want two.” Then yelling out towards the crowd. “Okay ladies. Who is it gonna be tonight? Somebody’s got to pay for the booze. Let’s go here. Everybody out. Let our benefactors take a look at you.”
Most of the girls came forward, giggling and laughing like they understood exactly what was happening. A few hung back. One seemed shy, a couple of girls looked confused. A few were giving helpless what-else-can-I-do shrugs toward their boyfriends.
“No,” Teddie thought. “Surely this isn’t as bad as it looks.” Still, she backed slowly toward the cabin door just in case, thinking that this might be a very good time to remain out of sight. But she tripped when the back of her ankle hit a log, and twigs snapped under her feet as she regained her balance. Blake looked right at her.
“Teddie Zeitman. You had breasts when you were only in fourth grade, girl. I used to fantasize about touching those little titties of yours. Looks like tonight I’m going to get to after all.”
“No.” Shawna spoke up sharply. “Teddie’s off limits, Blake. She didn’t even want to be here. Pick somebody who’s part of this. You know.”
“No, I don’t know,” Blake said, mimicking his sister’s voice.
“Take three girls tonight,” Shawna said evenly
“No, but because I am a reasonable guy, we’ll take just one. That one.” And he pointed straight at Teddie. At Shawna’s defiant look, he added, “We can have cops all over this place in minutes while you and your little friends here without wheels try to hide and explain exactly what you are doing out here with all this alcohol. How does getting kicked off the cheerleading squad sound? You guys want off the football team?” he said as he turned to the eighth-grade boys. “I didn’t think so. Come on Teddie. Me and my friends here are going to show you how real women have a good time. Aren’t we?” he laughed to his friends.
And Teddie felt her entire body go ice cold. She was dizzy and as she started to move towards the cabin door, she wasn’t sure whether she was trying to run or going to acquiesce, but it felt like her legs weighed a million pounds. And then, she didn’t remember anything more.

******
When Vanida had seen the three men waiting for her when she came out of the camp shower two weeks ago, she knew very well what was going to happen. It happened to all of the girls in the camp around her age. She had heard that Pim usually arranged the rape, so that her girls would not be inexperienced in the ways of the world. As far as Vanida knew, the other girls accepted the inevitable stoically and pretended indifference to the experience. 
 Perhaps all the reading Vanida had done over the years affected her, filling her with ideas that the other girls did not have. She thought that the men who ravished her would be handsome and charming and would secretly care deeply for her, and that their breath would not stink. Whatever the reason, she surprised herself with how much she hated every second of what the men did to her. She marched off angrily when they were done with her, and she stayed furious the rest of the day.
That night, she had been so comforted to find herself in her special flying body. She expected to escape all the awful feelings that the men had left her with, only to meet the boy she played with and gasp with horror. He was naked. Had he always been that way? With her gasp he looked down at his own maleness and saw it with equal surprise. Then he had vanished. And after that Vanida refused to join him, even though she could feel the tug of him almost every day.
She’d been raped for the second time this afternoon, only this time it was just two men and they had obviously been told to be gentler and take their time. It didn’t matter. Afterwards, Vanida curled up in her bed and cried and would not get up even for dinner. 
She dozed while the other girls ate. Too tired and discouraged to fight it any longer, she found herself in her special body again, this time in a clearing in the woods. She thought that it must be high up in the mountains because there was snow on the ground. She was kneeling in the snow and she was crying and naked. She felt freezing cold, which she didn’t understand. In this body she had never been uncomfortable before in any way. 
Then she realized that the boy stood next to her, wearing a robe and holding a second robe out to her in his hands. Carefully, he placed the garment around her shoulders. She put her arms through and pulled it tighter and the soft robe gathered itself around her body, fitting her perfectly and covering her completely. Vanida looked up at him and smiled in gratitude. He hugged her and she was sure then that he would never hurt her, and that there were others like him of whom she need not be afraid. 
The two of them went back to playing together, exploring the snow-filled valley and racing along the top of the nearly frozen little mountain stream that sparked in the approaching evening’s glow. It was only later when she returned to her first body that she found a name for the feeling he evoked in her and she knew what she must call him. Pêe chaai. He was her brother. 
After that, she was never attacked in the camp again. She learned much later that Noi had insisted to Pim that she be left alone until she was older, lest she come to hate men too much and become a bad prostitute. 

******
Teddie was in the woods, watching tiny, bright blue bird’s eggs in a nest. She vaguely remembered seeing chicks born at a science museum. These eggs looked like they were about to hatch. She found it odd that she had never seen this before and then realized that it was because the nest was high up in a tree. They probably were high up in trees most of the time, right? Keep the little birds safe and all that. But she was higher than the nest, which was kind of odd. She wasn’t usually floating up in the sky like this. 
All four of the eggs were covered with tiny fissures, and Teddie watched with fascination as the point of a little beak poked through one of the cracks. As the tiny new life struggled to be free Teddie cheered the little bird on. Two more of the eggs were starting to shatter. 
The process took longer than she would have guessed but she watched, transfixed, while the little creatures each labored until, one by one, they managed to break the shell around them and emerge, each one shaking its damp little body as it tried to stand.
“You can do it. You can,” Teddie whispered her encouragement to each little bird. She felt herself grin when the last baby bird of the group stood, finally free and getting stronger by the second.
Then she looked down and saw the ground twenty feet below her and gasped. And with a snap she was back in the cabin, shivering under a blanket feeling nauseous and incredibly cold. 
“Teddie?” Shawna was at the door and no one else was in the bedroom with her. “Are you okay?”
“I, I don’t know.”
“Blake said you, like, passed out. Worse than passed out. He said your body was freezing cold and they couldn’t revive you and you were breathing but otherwise it was like you were dead or something. Did they, did they…?”
“I don’t know what they did.” Teddie’s voice became shrill as her strength slowly came back to her. “I have no idea what happened. What the hell were you thinking bringing me here?”
“Hey, this wasn’t my idea.” Shawna was defensive now. “My dad insisted on doing your dad a favor. I was just trying to be nice and go along.”
“Well you could have warned me.”
“Right. Like this is a little arrangement I want to go explaining to people. I figured you’d lay low and they’d go with a couple of their favorites and no harm done. You know. Some of these girls enjoy getting chosen. I figured you’d either be cool with that or you’d be oblivious, and either one would be fine. Leave it to Blake to be a creep and pick you.”
Then a question occurred to Teddie that she did want an answer to. “How often do you have these kinds of parties, Shawna?”
“Once or twice a month,” Shawna shrugged. “Blake brings different friends sometimes.” She hesitated. “Sometimes, my dad’s friends get the liquor instead, and, you know.”
At Teddie’s unabashed look of disgust, Shawna added quickly “Hey, don’t worry, they don’t ever choose me, unless it’s for like a one-on-one with a new guy or something. I’m not a perv.”
“Well that’s good to know.” Teddie tried to keep the sarcasm out of her voice but she knew she didn’t do a very good job of it. “Whatever.” 
 Teddie just wanted to go home. She wanted to curl up in her own bed under her soft green blanket that she’d had forever and she wanted everything be okay. 

It didn’t go that way. Teddie got taken home early the next morning by Shawna’s mom once the mom learned that Teddie had become ill. Shawna’s mom went on and on in the car about how worried she was about Teddie, but Teddie hardly listened. Instead, she kept thinking about how stupid and oblivious the woman was not to be a lot more worried about Shawna’s frequent slumber parties at the cabin. 
No way a kid is supposed to tell on another kid, but Teddie had to admit that she was considering it. It would clearly destroy her social life for years. Would it do anyone any good? Probably not, she thought sadly. Parties would go on. Girls and boys and even grown men would keep on doing what they were going to do. 
With a sigh, Teddie stared out the window and said nothing. She could barely manage the thanks for the ride as she got out of the car.
And then that night, Teddie found out that her own mom hadn’t even had the glorious outdoor adventure that Teddie’s dad had hoped for. Instead, she’d gotten thrown from the canoe and trapped under it and almost drowned. That first night home her mom seemed haunted, like she was still half under water. As the days wore on, she appeared to not even notice Teddie’s attempts to talk to her. 
 Soon, Teddie’s mom spent her evenings and weekends planting flowers in pots on the porch. Every time Teddie came out and tried to start a conversation, Mom was drinking wine and the smell just made Teddie think of that horrible party. In fact, Teddie could hardly stand the odor of alcohol at all now, and her mother’s distracted greetings and never-ending wine smell went from annoying to infuriating.
 As the school year neared its end, Teddie found that she preferred to not think about or talk to Shawna. She started avoiding her own friends as well, and she frankly didn’t have much to say to her dad, who had put her into the awful situation in the first place. But most of her fury ended up directed at her mother. 
This was her mother’s fault. She shouldn’t have needed to go on “a little adventure.” Not while she still had kids at home, kids of her own who needed her protection and shouldn’t have been packed off for the weekend with dangerous people. The woman should have realized that Shawna’s family was untrustworthy at best. She’d spent time around them. And she should have been there for Teddie afterwards. Acting like a mom, holding her daughter and comforting her instead of being a zombie who cringed every time she heard running water. She hadn’t drowned, so what was the problem?
Sometimes Teddie’s dad would go out on the porch with chips and guacamole and he’d drink a beer as he sat next to his wife on the porch swing. The smell of the beer and the wine together was even worse than the smell of the wine alone. Teddie stayed far away when that happened. Other times, her dad would fall asleep on the couch waiting for her mom to come inside, and Teddie would get even madder that the woman was so wrapped up in herself that she couldn’t even be there for the people that needed her.
Luckily, Zane was coming home for a visit in a week and Ariel, who had just finished her junior year at college, would be home for the whole summer. So soon there would be normal people around who cared about her, and Teddie couldn’t wait.

4. May 2011: Marching Forward

Teddie did not want to go the graduation ceremony. She was finishing her sophomore year in high school, and she didn’t want to have anything to do with the place right now. Frankly, she couldn’t understand why her dad didn’t feel the same way. Mr. Zeitman was a physics teacher at the school and over the past year he had led an effort to curb increasingly overt racism on the part of the school’s administration. Teddie sided firmly with her dad on that issue of course, and she was proud of the part he had played, but so much about this last school year was embarrassing beyond belief.
Xuha, a kid who had ended up living with them after people at her school behaved so horribly, would be giving a short speech and walking across the stage. If it wasn’t for that fact and that Xuha would have no other family there to cheer him on, Teddie would absolutely not be going. As it was, she was going to clap as loud as she could for him, and pretty much just stare firmly at the floor for the rest of the ceremony and pretend that she was somewhere else. Anywhere else. As long as it was far, far away.

******
 While Amy’s organization attempted to help women and girls experiencing any type of physical or sexual abuse, its primary focus was on aiding former victims of human trafficking. Obviously, prevention of human trafficking was part of the mission statement as well, but Amy was realistic about how little the small local office of an international organization could do against a world-wide cash cow for those with no moral scruples. 
She did work occasionally with safety education for local girls and their parents, and when she got calls asking her to help locate a missing daughter or friend, she usually referred the desperate callers to both local authorities and other groups more suited to finding missing people. Every once in awhile, though, she found herself more involved than she probably should have been. 
Twice in the past two years she had charged out of her office with mace and a Taser in response to girls who had called begging for her help to prevent someone from literally driving off with them. One of those times harsh words and threats had worked until the police arrived. The other time she’d ended up using the Taser on a boyfriend, and driving the beat-up girl to a local emergency room.
It had given her a bit of a reputation around town—the crazy American lady who charged in to save abused girls. Apparently you didn’t have to do it often for people to notice.
But this third time was different. This time a desperate mother had called Amy early in the morning, sobbing and asking for help. The woman claimed that a man had marched in her front door, walked upstairs and picked up her unconscious fourteen-year-old daughter from her bed and walked off with her.
It was an incredible story, and Amy was skeptical, but she went to the address thinking that she could at least calm the woman down. She was surprised to find a large, well-protected home with a lavish yard, an ample fence and a perfectly good security gate. 
“My husband is out of town,” the woman explained. “We just have one child. She was still asleep. It’s the maid’s day off so I was in the kitchen making coffee and this man drove up. Big guy with muscles. He knew the security code, came right through our gate, I watched him punch in the code through the window. Then he got out of his car and just walked into the house without even knocking.” The woman was clearly outraged at this insult.
“He never said a word. Walked upstairs like he knew just what he was doing. Picked my daughter up out of her bed—he had to have given her something because she just lay unconscious in his arms. She never even stirred even though I started to scream at him to put her down. He walked right by me like I didn’t even exist and laid her in his back seat and drove off. I grabbed at him, but he swatted me away like a fly. What could I do?”
Amy hardly knew what to say. “That’s incredible.” She tried to think of something useful to ask. “How, how did the man seem to you? Like he was just doing a job or like he knew your daughter? Was he rough or gentle with her? Did you get any feeling from him at all?”
The woman thought. “I suppose that he seemed angry. But not at my daughter. He handled her with care.”
“My guess, to be honest, is that this is likely a kidnapping for money. Maybe he was angry because it is money he thinks that he is owed?” Amy suggested. The woman said nothing. 
“This isn’t really my area of expertise at all,” she went on. “You have got to call the police. But if it would help, I’ll stay here until they come. They may have some leads, and once a ransom demand arrives they can work with you as you go through the exchange process.”
“Yes.” The woman seemed relieved just to have someone with her. “If you stay, that would help.”
“Can you describe anything more about the man?” Amy asked. 
“I can do better than that. Let me pull up the security footage. We have a camera on the front of the house.”
“Oh,” Amy had to laugh. “Well, that’s going to go a long way to help the police identify the man. Let’s take a look.”
The woman knew how to operate her own security system quite well, Amy noticed, and soon she had a good view of a tall muscular man with a shaved head and features she had come to recognize as Bhutanese. He got out of a non-descript car wearing the simplest of robes. Amy had a sinking feeling that she had encountered this kidnapper before. 
 The first time she saw him was two years ago, when she had ignorantly considered making conversation with him at the luggage carousel after she first arrived in India. That memory stuck so well because her innocent bad judgment still made her cringe. 
A few months later a photo had been circulated to her office, and in fact all of the offices in Asia. It showed the same man standing with a young girl in a Muslim headdress. The girl looked to be barely a teenager. Amy’s organization said that the photo had been taken as the two checked into a hotel in Jakarta together. All workers were advised that this man had not only been seen at the same hotel with the same girl once a week for weeks, but he had also been observed with under-aged girls and even under-aged boys in compromising locations throughout Asia. He was presumed to either be a fervent consumer of children for sale or to be part of the machinery that turned them into products. 
“Why would that man kidnap my daughter?” 
Odd as the break-in had seemed, Amy was afraid that she now knew the answer. 
It saddened but did not surprise her to learn that a ransom note never came and that the girl was never heard from again. Authorities searched for the kidnapper, but when he wasn’t found they moved on to other, more pressing, matters. 

******
Once she got to the graduation ceremony, Teddie found herself helping her mom to get a decent picture of Xuha that he could show his foster parents once he found them again. She gave Xuha a wave when he marched in, while the school band played that song they always play when people graduate, and she made a thumbs up when he took his place up on the stage. She wished he hadn’t decided to go to college all the way over in El Paso. Having him around the house had been nice. 
Teddie thought that she’d gotten the short end of the stick as far as siblings went. Not the siblings themselves, of course. Hers were fine. The problem was that Zane was nine years older and hadn’t had much use for her in years, if ever. Ariel, at seven years older, had been sort of in-and-out as a big sister. What could she say? Some years they had been closer than others. Xuha, only two years older, had filled sibling shoes pretty nicely for the past several months. 
The school usually let a few of the graduating seniors speak for a minute or two, and, much to her parents delight, Xuha had been chosen as one of them. Teddie figured that the school was just trying to make up for ways the boy had been wronged. He was pretty good at speaking and hadn’t seemed nearly as scared about it as Teddie thought he should be, but she was nervous for him. As he stood up she squirmed in her seat with apprehension.
“My name is Xuha Santos and I am a time traveler,” the boy began. It was a good start, and Teddie knew it. She’d help him write it. Much of the crowd stopped whispering and listened more closely. “I began my time travels on February twenty-first, nineteen-ninety-three while crossing the border from Mexico, and ever since then I have been moving forward through time.” 
Teddie’s mind wandered as Xuha went on with the words she knew by heart. 
“For with time travel comes change, change every single second, whether I like it or not.”
And it does, Teddie thought to herself. It really does. 
She thought about how her world had changed when at four and half years old she had done something remarkable, something magical that she had never forgotten. Watching her big brother brush his teeth seemed so comical now, but little scared Teddie had been very seriously trying to help. And in spite of her fears, she had found a way to make sure that her brother was okay. Teddie still had no clue how she had done what she did, but the important thing was that she had found a way. 
Then had come that horrible party two years ago. Teddie still felt the anger. At her parents for sending her there, for not seeing her plight after it was all over. At the girls who had been involved. And finally at the horrible boys who she realized now were the ones who deserved her fury most of all. 
She had come a long way since then. She’d made new and better friends in high school. She’d learned to forgive herself for blacking out and not remembering anything. She’d convinced herself that it was okay to have fun and sometimes to trust people. That night had changed her—not in good ways—but she thought that she had finally moved on. 
That was part of why she had told her best friend Michelle that she would consider joining her as a foreign exchange student for the first semester of their junior year. The idea of being in a new school, in a different country, far away from her home, sounded frankly pretty terrifying. But this exchange student thing would only be for four months. Michelle really wanted to go bad and had begged her to come along. Teddie had even noticed a slight desperation in Michelle’s pleas.
When Teddie’s parents had not said absolutely no, she had humored Michelle by filling out all of the paper work and writing essays while hoping that one of her parents would put a stop to this nonsense. But instead they had helped set her up for the video interviews, coughed up the money for the deposit and then told her how proud they were of her. 
Xuha’s voice intruded on Teddie’s thoughts. “We must keep moving. We don’t know what kind of world we are marching into. But we do know that if we are alive, we are going into the future. And there, together, we will all find out what happens.” 
The warm applause seemed like a sign to Teddie, a sign that she needed to march bravely into her own tomorrow. Fine. She’d gotten her assignment in the mail that morning, and put it aside only so it wouldn’t take away from Xuha’s big moment. He deserved the attention today. 
Tomorrow, she’d share the news with her parents. It looked like she was going to march forward, all the way to Darjeeling, India, at the foot of the Himalayas. It was supposed to be a beautiful place, and what could possibly be safer than a high school that was actually named The Lord Peartree International Academy for Exceptional Students. 
She was exceptional. She was going to live at a boarding school. She was going to go trekking with kids from around the world, some of whom would have delightful British accents, while birds sang and mountains sparkled in the background.
She added a rainbow to the mental image she was making in her head. Then she giggled. Okay. Maybe the rainbow was over the top. She’d be okay with just the singing birds and the sparkling mountains. 
Part 1. Leaving the Nest to Touch the Sky

5. August 2011: Traveling

Teddie had been to Ireland, to France and to Hawaii, so she had some idea of how miserable a long flight was on a full plane. Still. Two crying babies, one on each side? Come on. There ought to be a law. 
Michelle, who clearly was far more excited than Teddie was about this adventure, as everyone else kept insisting on calling it, had slept through three out of the four major bouts of wailing. Now, she was wide awake and eager to explore the Frankfurt airport for a few hours before the girls boarded the second plane on to Delhi and then yet a third on to some town Teddie couldn’t even begin to pronounce. And then that would be followed by a three-hour car ride. Teddie, for her part, just wanted to sleep in a bed, preferably her own soft and cozy bed, but at this point any real bed would do.
Wandering around the Frankfurt airport in a daze, the girls paused to watch what looked like a photo shoot of some sort in the central shopping area of the airport. The model, a tall girl with long honey-blonde hair, couldn’t have been much older than they were, and she looked to be every bit as tired and irritable as Teddie felt. An older woman kept trying to coax the girl into donning various backpacks and holding hiking gear while two men passed a giant camera back and forth while they discussed angles and light. Teddie felt sorry for the girl and hoped that she got to go home soon and get some rest. And speaking of getting to go home… Teddie felt the tightening in her chest that happened every time it occurred to her that it would be months, four freakin’ months, before that happened. 
The flight to Delhi was full too, of course, and Teddie had already been warned, many times, that from this point forward she should expect large crowds of people crammed into less space than she was used to or would like. India, only about one-third the size of the United States, had over three times as many people. It was going to be part of the cultural adjustment that was going to make “this adventure” so enriching. 
As Teddie stood up and tried to arrange her things to get comfortable for another eight hours in the air, she noticed the honey-blonde model doing the same about eight rows ahead. Interesting. Teddie had hardly expected to find this girl flying coach to the back roads of India. The oddest thing, though, was the change in the girl’s face. All trace of irritation was gone, and she was smiling in delight. Teddie glanced up and the down the plane. The prop lady and two photographers were nowhere to be seen. Maybe the girl was grinning because she had escaped her handlers?

******
Sometimes Usha pinched herself, gently of course, just to make sure that she was awake. She had read somewhere that it was a true test of reality, and she could not bear the thought that this might be a dream. When her English teacher last year had encouraged her to apply for the scholarship to the English boarding school, she had hesitated. Her father was ill, and her mother needed her help with the younger children. But the teacher had been so insistent.
It was her teary-eyed mother, Ashmita, however, who had made the final call. “Please Usha. The doctors will not say it but I know in my heart that it does not look well for your father. Next year, I may not be able to send you to school. And you are so smart, that would break my heart. Apply now for this scholarship. Do everything they ask. Darjeeling is not nearby, but it is also not so far away. You can take the bus home on weekends and help me then. We will manage. You, and your future, they are my hope.”
And so Usha had not only applied, she had worked harder than she had ever worked, to get into this very modern international academy for exceptional students. Exceptional. To think that someone from her family could be considered exceptional. After she had been awarded the scholarship she was so proud that some days she could hardly sit still.
Her mother had been right of course about her father. He had only lived months more, into the summer, and then her mother found herself faced with horrible bills, depleted savings and no income. Usha knew that her father had managed all of the household money himself. Although he was a loving husband and father, he had failed to prepare her mother for just how very dire her situation would be. 
Usha’s maternal relatives were a thousand miles away in Mumbai. More traditional Hindus frowned on a widow living alone or taking a job, and in Patna, India, there were plenty who still held these more traditional beliefs. So late in the summer of 2011, Ashmita had been persuaded to move herself and her five children into the home of her husband’s wealthier older brother who lived nearby. 
The man made the offer kindly enough, which was odd, because in Usha’s memory her Uncle Jeet had never been a particularly kind man. He had surprised Usha and her mother by insisting that he would now not only care for his departed brother’s family, but that he would assume their debts as well. 
Usha worried that Uncle Jeet was not acting completely out of compassion. He and her father Chakor had never been close. Usha suspected that her father’s marriage had been part of the problem, because Uncle Jeet and Aunt Riddhi had always been particularly cold to her mother. So she wasn’t all that surprised when, after they moved in, the uncle wasted no time in locating her mother and the younger children out into his servants’ quarters, and informed Usha sternly that she would now join her mother in working to pay back her father’s debts. 
Her mother would serve as a maid in the brother’s household in order to cover the cost of food for her and the other four children. Usha was to live and work as a servant for a nearby family. She would be given room and board there, and her salary, meager as it was, would be sent directly to Uncle Jeet. Usha would be free to return to school once her uncle had been repaid for his generosity in full. 
And then something incredible had happened. Usha’s mother, who had never before stood up to anyone, much less to someone as her overbearing as her brother-in-law, simply said no. Usha would do no such thing. Usha would honor her dead father best by using the scholarship she had been awarded, by attending the school in Darjeeling and doing well there. She had the capacity to be a doctor or a teacher. At this comment the uncle had laughed aloud. Her mother ignored the laugh.
“I will work in both households. I can do both and the younger children will help me. You will see—you will loose nothing by letting her go. And perhaps you too will gain honor one day from her accomplishments. “
Something about the firmness in her mother’s soft tone convinced her uncle that he was better off not arguing. “Very well, foolish sister, we will see. Show me that you can keep both my house clean and my neighbor’s house as well. Show me that your daughter can do well in her classes when placed in an environment so much above her. We will try this. But if any of this fails, be warned that I will want interest on the money I have lost while waiting for you to regain your senses.”
Usha’s mother had only nodded, like she was agreeing meekly to a plan the brother-in-law had suggested all along. That night Ashmita dug deep into a jar and gave Usha her very last rupees. 
“Use this to take the bus to the school first thing tomorrow. You will arrive a few days early, but tell them you had to come now, that you could not wait. You don’t have money for uniforms and supplies but pretend like you thought the scholarship covered it all and they will help you, or let you work there to earn it. I think that they are good people at this school and they will not send you back here. Plead with them if they try. Work hard, Usha. Please.”
Usha looked at her mother sadly because she guessed what the woman was going to say next, and she did not want to hear the words. 
“Usha. Don’t come back here. No matter what. Some day you will be with me and your sisters and little brother and we will be a family again, I promise. But not now. If you cannot stay at the school for some reason, Usha, do not be where your uncle can find you. Do you understand me?”
Her mother gave her a long, serious look, the look she got whenever she talked to Usha about her body and about female things. Usha understood. This uncle could consider himself justified to sink to lows worse than forcing Usha to clean houses. She nodded with as much adult understanding as she could and then gave her mother the longest hug of her life. Usha left at dawn the next morning, with a bag of clothes slung over her shoulder, almost one hundred rupees in her pocket and tears in her eyes.
But once she was on the bus the sheer joy of what she was being allowed to do returned to her. She pinched herself gently. Yes, this was real. She would work very hard at this school. She would do chores to pay for what she needed. She would do so well that someday she would come back and she would get her mother and sisters and little brother and they’d have all that they needed. Her mother could spit in the eye of her uncle if she wanted to. Usha rather hoped that her mother would.

******
Vanida liked it best when her brother Pêe chaai called to her first, because then they got to play somewhere that was covered in the cold white fluffy snow that he seemed to take for granted. The amazing soft white dust came with the frozen water that made lakes and rivers glisten in the light. She guessed that the boy held no such preference. He had always seemed equally happy to find himself near her home, as intrigued by the ferns and the birds of her rainforest as she was by the cold sparkle of his world. 
It had been years now since Pêe chaai had given her the wonderful robe. It was still every bit as soft and warm. It had never stopped following her every move while she romped in the snow, and it had never once constrained her or got in her way. Every time she met Pêe chaai she was wearing her robe. 
But soon Vanida’s other life was going to change. Pim and Noi had many new little girls that they now needed to train. Noi told Vanida that she and several of her sisters were more than ready to leave, that they would be taken from the camp soon. They had been good girls, and they had trained well. They would be sold to gentlemen, very nice gentlemen, who would take good care of them and give them fine lives as the girls performed for audiences that would appreciate the rare talents that these young women had worked so hard to develop.
Vanida was excited to know that her grown-up life in glorious Bangkok would begin soon, but she was also sad to leave Pim and especially Noi. The women had raised her, and the camp had been her home since she was younger than she could remember. And what would become of her relationship with Pee chaai?” Would he now come see her in the city? Would they play in the streets instead of the forest? Would she still get to visit him in his abode of snow?
Vanida found herself wishing desperately that she could talk to him, to tell him about the ways in which her life would be different once she traveled to beautiful Bangkok, about how much she hoped that he would still come see her and be her friend once she became a rich and famous performer. 

******
Teddie and Michelle’s parents had hired a car to take them to their school. After walking down the tarmac to get inside the airport, a man carrying a sign with their names met them and they relaxed a little. Teddie was ready for a nap during the three-hour drive, but she could tell that Michelle wanted to talk. 
“You’re probably wondering why I pushed you so hard to come with me, Teddie. I haven’t been a very good friend. I should have told you what was going on long ago.”
“Are you okay, Michelle?” No matter how sleepy she was, Teddie couldn’t ignore a pal who was in trouble.
 “Sort of. It’s more complicated,” Michelle said. “You know that my older sister is leaving for college in a week. Well, I decided that there was no way I was staying home alone with my mom and dad. I didn’t want to involve you in this while we were around my parents. No offense, but you don’t exactly have a poker face, Teddie. I knew that they’d figure out right away that I told you something, and then maybe they wouldn’t even let me go.” Michelle looked at her friend for understanding. ”It is time I tell you what is going on. Please don’t hate me.”
“Of course I’m not going to hate you,” Teddie said impatiently. “Your parents fight a lot?” she guessed. She’d already gotten that impression.
“Sometimes,” Michelle shrugged. “Actually my mom tries very hard not to piss my dad off about anything. But no matter how careful she is, sooner or later she does some little random thing and it just infuriates him.”
“He beats her?” Teddie asked in surprise.
“No. You’d have heard about that, believe me. No, my dad just goes into this ‘I’ve been wronged’ sulk, and he won’t speak to her or us for days. When she asks for his forgiveness he ignores her. He won’t eat with us or help anyone in the family with anything. She used to cry and beg him to at least talk to his daughters, but now she just says she’s sorry a few times and then she ignores him too. After a day or two, he gets over it. Sometimes he pretends like it never happened and sometimes he makes a big show of forgiving her.”
“I hope she tells him to shove it then,” Teddie muttered.
“She doesn’t dare. Once that happens she knows that she has to be twice as careful.”
“What kind of offenses are we talking about?” Teddie asked. “Is he jealous?”
“Oh no. And mom doesn’t give him reason to be. He’s, I don’t know, he’s proud. Like, he can’t handle it if she checks on any piece of information that he gives her. If he says, ‘There’s no more milk in the refrigerator,’ and she looks just in case he missed it, he’s furious. And he’s even madder if she does find milk, which of course some of the time she does because people don’t always see things. Even him. Anything she does or says that means that he could ever be wrong or fallible insults his pride.”
“That’s weird.”
“Yeah,” Michelle said, “and it would pretty much just be their problem except that after he forgives her, he generally punishes her. He insists that isn’t what he is doing, but every time they have one of these incidents, which is like every couple of months or so, he finds some ridiculous thing to get upset with me or my sister about and then disciplines one of us. He knows, that will hurt her worse and that she won’t dare intervene.”
“So he beats you guys?” Now Teddie looked angry.
“No, no, nothing that socially unacceptable. He, I don’t know, does things like ground us for no reason, or takes away things that really matter to us. One year he threw my birthday cake on the floor and stomped on it.”
“Anger control issues,” Teddie muttered. “What was your crime?” 
“He asked for my help moving a bookcase and I didn’t jump right up because I was on the phone with you. I asked if we could please do it when I got off the phone and apparently that showed insufficient respect. I knew something was coming because he hadn’t spoken to mom since she reminded him to pick up my birthday cake. He is not an idiot, you see, who needs reminding, and he had just forgiven her for forgetting that. After he got done with his little outburst, I didn’t want a cake or a birthday. I know that this all sounds silly, I mean, I do know that there are people out there really getting hurt by their parents and worse yet by strangers too. But it was hard living there, always waiting for that shoe to drop.”
“That was your fourteenth birthday, wasn’t it?” Teddie asked, the light dawning. “I knew something was wrong that day. I asked you and asked you and you said nothing. Why didn’t you tell me?”
“It was just a dumb cake,” Michelle shrugged with embarrassment. “My dad was such a creep and then you had me over and your family was so nice to me. I just wanted to pretend that my family was that way too. I knew that once I started to complain about my parents to you, there was no going back. You’d never see them as good people again.”
“Your mom’s a sweetheart,” Teddie said firmly.
“Yeah, well the night she didn’t stand up to him when he burned my sister’s prom dress and my sister had to stay home from her senior prom and cried all night—that was the night I lost respect for my mom too.”
“I thought your sister got sick?”
“Yeah, well that’s what we told everybody. Two days earlier my mom made the mistake of downloading a different kind of anti-virus software than the kind my dad told her was best, and suddenly my sister’s gorgeous dress that she and mom had spent weeks finding was far too promiscuous and she needed to be taught a lesson. Mom backed him. Said he was our dad and had the right. So I decided that I would be halfway around the world come fall, and find some way not to be living with a family that might be every bit as bad as my own. Family dynamics scare me these days, you know. And so here we are,” Michelle finished with a weak smile. 
“How did you ever get him to agree to let you come here?” Teddie asked.
“I worked that one hard. I saw to it that he got a lot of praise for my getting admitted into this program. Lots of public attention. It’s so impressive that your daughter is going to do this. Only I wasn’t quite brave enough to do it alone. Teddie, please don’t be mad. I’m so glad that you’re here.”
“I’m not mad,” Teddie said gently. “I understand your wanting to run away, but I don’t think that this solves your problem for very long Michelle.”
“It might. You’re going to go home in December, Teddie, and what I haven’t told you is that I’m not. I’ll going to tell my parents that I love it here so much that I want to finish the year here. Then, maybe, after that long of a time without me, my dad will behave better. Or, without having kids to protect, maybe my mom will wake up and demand that he does. Either way is an improvement.”
“You really think you are going to be able to handle staying here for a whole school year?” Teddie asked.
“I hope so,” Michelle laughed a little at herself. “I guess I’ll know more when we see what the school looks like.”

6. August 2011: Arriving

Pictures had not prepared Teddie. Most things look more normal in a photograph, she decided, because one tends to fill in the edges with what one expects to see. The area around the rather oddly painted blue and burgundy-trimmed yellow school buildings should have been filled with glass-sided offices, or maybe neat brick homes, or perhaps even open fields. In any of these settings the school would have had a quaint odd charm that even a teenager from Texas could embrace. Look at me, I go to that very interesting looking school there.
However, being surrounded by a cluttered jumble of buildings more oddly painted and shaped than the school itself was another matter. Teddie stood out front of the chaos that surrounded the school for a long moment and all she could think was, What have I done?
Michelle reached over and gave her hand a squeeze. “I’ll say thank you as many times as you need me to.”
“It’s okay.” Teddie tried to mean it. 
“I appreciate this more than you know.” Michelle gave the cluttered dissonance of the school’s street a long hard look. “I don’t know if that helps, but it’s true.”
“Yeah, it helps,” Teddie assured her friend, as she picked up her backpack and followed the porters inside with her luggage.
“I arrived a few days early so I had to pick a bed. I hope this is okay with you?” The Indian girl who was one of their other two roommates greeted Teddie, speaking slowly and carefully, with a strong accent that was both British and something else. She had a long glossy dark ponytail, big solemn eyes and a very serious face. Teddie couldn’t help but notice that the girl had almost no possessions in the room, and few clothes in the shared door-less armoire except for her two school uniforms. 
“Hey, all these beds are pretty much the same. No big deal,” Teddie shrugged, as she eyed the four small, brightly painted wooden beds, each one crammed against a different wall. She tried to loosen the girl up with her warmest smile, but the girl continued to gaze somberly at Teddie. 
“It’s going to take me awhile to get used to things here,” Teddie tried. “This school has fourth grade on up, so if you’ve been going here you know a lot more than I do. Maybe you can show me around.”
“Oh no. I cannot do that,” the girl said. 
“Oh. Okay.” Teddie wasn’t sure how else to respond.
“I have just arrived here myself. I have never been to a school this magnificent before. I am Usha. I am the top winner of the Central Board of Secondary Education Scholarship for the most deserving girl from a surrounding district. Who are you?”
Teddie tried not to laugh at the seriousness of the introduction. “I’m Teddie. I’m a high school student from Texas who clearly let’s people talk her into things much too easily.” 
She said it without really thinking, but at her openness Usha finally gave her a bit of a smile back. “Then we are much alike, Teddie from Texas. I let people talk me into things much too easily also.”
“You are never going to guess who our other roommate is,” Michelle, who had been dawdling outside, said as she finally poked her head around the door.
“We know her?” Teddie was puzzled.
“Her private car got her here just a little bit ahead of ours,” Michelle said as the honey-blonde model from the Frankfurt airport followed her into the room.
“What?! We thought that you were some sort of supermodel,” Teddie said.
“No, but how my mother wishes I was,” the girl laughed. Teddie noticed that she had an unusually large mouth, made all the wider by her big smile, which now seemed to dominate her face. “I’m Haley, I’m from Denver. My parents set this school thing up for me while they drum up more sponsors and publicity for my climb next spring.”
“Wait. You’re going to climb a mountain?” Michelle asked.
“A very big one, I hope, and do it while being photographed,” Haley confirmed.
“Do you wish to do this?” Usha asked.
“Yes. And no. I love to climb—it’s my whole life—and I’ve been doing it since before I can remember. I do, however, hate having my picture taken.”
Hmmm. That and the overnight flight from the US explained the girl’s bad humor at the airport in Germany.
“So how many other exchange students are here?” Teddie asked.
“I got told that I was being put into this quad with three American girls, because all the other girls in our grade were returning from last year, and they all had selected to room with their best friends and previous roommates,” Usha said.
Teddie gave Michelle a wary look. “I thought this place was part of an accredited exchange program.”
“It’s part of a much larger legitimate program that places interested American students for a semester in English-speaking boarding schools the world over,” Michelle insisted. “I knew that you and I needed English because we don’t speak anything else, and I wanted a boarding school because I really didn’t want to live with a host family.”
“Maybe this school is hoping to bring in more foreign students like you and is just getting started in this program?” Usha suggested.
 “No,” Michelle said. “They definitely already have some students from nearby countries. But, we might be their first Americans.”
“That should make this whole thing double the fun,” Teddie muttered. “Not only do we get to wonder what we are doing here, but we get to watch everyone else who goes here wonder the same thing. Great.”

******
After more than two years in India, Amy now knew that Darjeeling had become her home. The preponderance of spoken English certainly helped, as did enough variety of ancestry in the area for her to blend in and not always appear the outsider. But it also helped that she had embraced much of the region’s culture, dress, cuisine and style. It wasn’t that she didn’t love her original home in Chicago; she did. And she relished the ease of being back in the states when she had taken her two extended trips back.
She supposed that some of it was that she felt like this was where she was meant to be, making a difference in a way that she was hard pressed to explain. It didn’t hurt, of course, that the city boasted a thriving artistic community, and that the climate was wonderful and the view of the mountains astounding. 
There was only one noticeable lack in her life, and her mother had delicately pointed it out to her on last visit in a way Amy could not ignore. She was, after all, almost thirty now. Amy had explained that it was hard to have a relationship being so married to her job, but they both knew that was only half the story. The other half was that she lived in a culture where dating opportunities for older single women were slim to begin with, and Amy was far too much of a free spirit to make good marriage material for any traditional local male of any background. She couldn’t help but notice that no matter how free their thinking was on other matters, the local men she had met so far were, in the end, all looking for that more traditional woman. That, or, occasionally, a one-night stand. There wasn’t much middle ground. 
Maybe she’d move back home in a couple of years, she assured her mother, try to get a desk job that didn’t have her occasionally charging out the door to rescue scared young girls, armed only with mace and her own fury. She’d settle down, buy some more normal-looking clothes, develop habits that other women had, whatever they were. Pilates? Baking? Antique shopping? Whatever. She could do conventional and she could make somebody a regular girlfriend. Someday. She just wasn’t quite ready yet. 
Besides, the trade in virgins in the area was on the rise again, and local girls lured into prostitution were now being shipped as far away as Thailand just to provide variety in the brothels. Just yesterday Amy had caught a glimpse of a man she could have sworn was the kidnapper at the house she had gone to last May. There was a chance that she could actually be part of apprehending this creep. Everywhere she looked there was so much to do. Amy felt like she had not even gotten started.

******
The very first night there it was clear that dinners at school were considerably more formal than anything Teddie was used to. In fairness, though, she supposed that it would be hard to find a more relaxed setting than her folks’ recent habit of grabbing take-out or leftovers in front of the television. Back when Ariel had lived at home they had made an effort to have a sit-down dinner at least a few nights a week, but the last year or two it seemed that they had both grown tired of domestic arrangements. 
Teddie wondered with a sharp pang whether they were enjoying the new freedom of being childfree. Maybe they didn’t miss her at all. She dismissed it as not a worthy thought. Her mom had hugged her for a full five minutes at Bush Airport before letting her pass through security, and she’d seen the tears in the corner of her dad’s eye when he said his goodbyes. No, they missed her.
The three new American students were introduced to the rest of the school before the meal began, and Teddie was relieved to find that these particular boys and girls of India were friendly and curious. Clearly she had some adjusting to do regarding personal space, direct questions and overall style, but while her new classmates were different, they weren’t unlikable. 
Some were, however, unintelligible. Teddie was fast discovering that just because someone spoke the English language did not mean that she, Teddie Zeitman, could necessarily understand them. She had been told that her ear would acclimate to the accent and to give it time. Teddie just hoped that she wasn’t flunking all her classes before this magic acclimation occurred. 
The first night Teddie mostly ate the rice and a few little pieces of chicken and left the other, harder-to-identify items to try another day. Nodding and smiling, she pretended she understood what was being said around her. Judging from the blank smiles she got back when she talked, she guessed that her new classmates were having just as much trouble understanding her. Would they acclimate to her speech too over time? She hoped so. The idea of being essentially mute for months was a frightening one.
She decided to try to finish unpacking while she could have a few minutes alone, but Usha was in the room already. She politely pretended to read while Teddie unpacked.
“Why do Americans have so many clothes?” she finally looked up from her book and asked.
“I was asking myself the same thing,” Teddie said, “and also why I brought them. Especially since it looks like I’m going to be wearing a stupid uniform most of the time. No offense.”
“None taken. I did not pick the uniforms. But don’t you wear uniforms in the U.S.?” Usha asked, surprised.
“Actually, some schools do. Just not the public school where I go.”
“You, a rich American, do not go to a private school?” Usha seemed crushed to learn this news.
“I’m not rich, not for where I live, Usha. And I think more kids from all kinds of families go to public schools around Houston. Maybe not—I don’t really know. My dad is a teacher at a public school, so of course I go where he teaches.”
“He could not find a job at a private school?” Usha persisted.
“He did not want one. He says he likes teaching all kinds of kids.” Then, looking for something positive to say about her school. “It’s out in the country.”
“Oh. “ Usha didn’t say anything for a few minutes while Teddie set up a few pictures on the small dresser by her bed. Usha studied the pictures.
 “I think that your father must be a very noble man, one who wants to educate the children of all people, no matter how poor.”
“I don’t know if I’d go quite as far as noble,” Teddie laughed. “But he’s a good guy. I’m sure your father is too.”
“My father is dead,” Usha said matter-of-factly, and she turned away and went back to reading. 

The girls huddled together on Michelle’s bed after lights out, ready to share their stories in the way that teenage girls do the world over. They were unsure how strict the rules were here, but guessed that newcomers would be granted some slack at least on the first night. Teddie’s pale skin glowed in the bluish light of her flashlight, and her thick head of black curls disappeared into the darkness around her as she spoke. “Last year at my school there were some problems, and a boy who was, I don’t know, who ran around with a kind of violent and hateful group decided he liked me. A lot.”
“A gang member?” Haley asked incredulously.
“No, just more of a self-styled skinhead. He’s gone now, but this seemed like a pretty good semester to be somewhere else.”
 “Did your family like him?” Usha asked worriedly.
“Thankfully, no. They hated him worse than I did.” 
Usha nodded with relief. “So do you have a real boyfriend now?”
“No,” Teddie shook her head. “I’ve dated some, but, I don’t know, I just seem to attract the jerks.”
“I’m the other half of the reason she’s here,” Michelle offered, the olive tones of her face and the straight black hair that Michelle had inherited from her Vietnamese ancestors both blending into the shadows as she set the farthest from the light.
“I had this perfectly nice boyfriend freshmen and part of sophomore year and then, well, it ended kind of messy.”
“He dumped you?” Haley asked sympathetically.
“The opposite. He decided he owned me. By last spring I thought I was going to have to get a restraining order to keep the guy away from me,” Michelle winced.
“So you actually came all the way to India to get away from him?” Usha sounded impressed.
“Well, him and few other things,” Michelle answered.
“Well, I’m not trying to get away from any kind of boyfriend,” Haley shook her head. “Something about being a climber seems to scare off all the serious contenders. Hopefully that changes as I get older? Meanwhile I’ve got a dad who has taught me all I know about climbing, and I’ve got a mom who thinks I’ve got the looks and body for a supermodel and am wasting my time on mountains.”
“She’s kind of right, Haley. You really do.” Haley’s tall, slim, yet athletic, stature was a world away from both Teddie’s ample soft curves and Michelle’s petite slender body. Only Usha seemed to have an average girls’ shape that split the difference between the other three extremes.
“Too bad my mom didn’t get another daughter more like her,” Haley said, “but I’m an only child. She carted me off to little beauty contests, but I just pulled the bows out of my hair and cried. I guess that she would still be a frustrated stage mom if my Uncle Steve hadn’t gotten involved.”
“What’s your uncle got to do with anything?”
“Oh, he’s always working on ways to get rich, and I’m his latest. He’s decided that my mom and my dad are both right and he can prove it. He talked a pretty good-sized cosmetic company into sponsoring my climb if I get to do it. Dad’s got me on a short list to be considered for a team ascending Kanchenjunga in May.
“Ascending Con Shen what?” Teddie asked. Usha laughed.
“Con shen JUNG ah,” Usha said slowly. “Look out the window tomorrow, silly. Remember those beautiful mountains you couldn’t stop marveling about at dinner?” 
Yes, Teddie thought. She had gushed on a bit about the gorgeous mountain range visible from everywhere in town. She’d been trying to make conversation. 
 “Kanchenjunga is the highest peak in the range,” Haley offered. “Over twenty-eight thousand feet. It’s the third highest mountain in the world.”
“Can I just call it Junga?” Teddie asked.
“If you feel you must. The name means ‘five treasures of snow,’” Usha explained. “The five peaks are sacred. Hardly any groups are allowed to climb it, and it is very hard for a foreigner to be included.” She looked at Haley dubiously.
“That’s why I am at this school,” Hayley explained. “My dad has contacts with lots of climbers here and thinks that if I acquire some regional goodwill—by studying at the local climbing school in town and showing them what I can already do—then my chances of getting a spot on this expedition are good. I’ve already climbed thirty peaks over fourteen-thousand feet,” she added proudly, “and I’m only sixteen.”
“And if you do get a spot?” Teddie asked.
“Then I get to be the youngest person ever to climb Kanchenjunga.” Haley had pride in her voice at even the possibility.
“Wow,” the three other young women said in unison.
“I do not have such adventure in store for me,” Usha said meekly, “but I need you to know that I too have to work very hard over the next year, and I am hoping that you, my roommates, will support me in this.”
The girls listened sympathetically as Usha told of her father’s lengthy illness and her mother’s plight. The three young women nodded as one as Usha talked of how sad she and her siblings had been, and how scared at moving into her uncle’s home. The outrage at her uncle’s stinginess and the praise for her mother’s courage were unanimous. “Can your mom do this?” Michelle asked. “Can she take care of four kids and clean two houses?”
“My closest sister is eleven, and she will help clean, but probably she will not get to go to school anymore, which is sad because my father believed so strongly in education. Neither will my seven-year-old sister because she will be watching the five- and three-year-olds while the other two clean. So you see, many have given up much for me to be here. I have to work hard and then get them out of there before too many years pass, so that all of my little sisters can go back to school.”
The weight of the responsibility made for a harsh expression on Usha’s face. “If my mother fails, I pay a high price. My uncle will come take me from this school and put me back to work too.”
“Usha, that’s ridiculous. No one will let him do that.” Even as Teddie said it, she realized that she had no idea if she was right. Maybe everybody would be perfectly happy to send Usha home to pay off her father’s debts. What did she know?
“But that’s not the worst possibility. I can clean houses. My mother is afraid that the money from that will come too slowly for my uncle’s tastes. She is worried he will seek out those who can find ways for me to pay the bills faster.”
No one wanted to say it, but when Usha would not say more, Teddie did.
“Usha, do you mean that your own uncle would really expect you to, like, turn tricks to pay your father’s medical bills?”
“He would probably sell my virginity first. That would bring a higher price,” Usha said matter-of-factly. “That is not so uncommon here. He has no fondness for me, and considers my mother to be his inferior and me to be the result of my father’s worst mistake ever. It is perhaps to his credit that he did not turn to that option right away. Then again, perhaps he feared that my mother’s family might interfere from afar.”
“You need to be careful when you go home to visit,” Michelle declared matter-of-factly.
“No. My mother has asked that I not ever come back home.” Usha sighed with resignation. “And if my grades are not high enough my uncle has said already that he will pull me out of the school anyway.”
“Is your eleven-year-old sister in danger?”
“Not yet I think. But my mother told me that she will find a way to send my sister away soon, before she is viewed as having earning potential.”
The girls sat in silence for a minute. Teddie had the impression that one’s junior year in high school was supposed to be a fun time. This wasn’t quite what she envisioned. Deep in her soul, Teddie Zeitman couldn’t help wishing that she could just go home, crawl into her very safe bed and pull the covers high up over her head. Once you turned sixteen, were you too big to still do that?
The conversation died down and the girls each crawled into their own beds. As she pulled the sheet around her, Teddie felt the oddest tingling sensation pass through her body. She’d had that sensation twice before. Once right before she made a mysterious trip down the hall to check on her brother. And once right before she passed out at a party she should never had been attending.
Surely her own body wasn’t going to now add to the general weirdness of this situation. Teddie couldn’t imagine anything that she needed less. Luckily the sensation passed as she fell into a restless sleep.  

 7. September 2011: Wandering

Teddie now slept with earplugs every night to drown out the noises of the other girls as they slumbered, and she thought she might never get used to sleeping with the bodies of others so close. How did couples do it? she wondered. She supposed that sexual attraction must help.
The day she arrived, Teddie had started counting the number of nights left before her family would arrive in late December. The first thing they would do was whisk her off to a nice hotel where she had been promised a room of her very own. One-hundred and twelve nights. She could do it. Today, it was only one-hundred and two more.
In fairness, there were some good things. She was able to understand people better each day. The classes were challenging already, but she was a good student, and here, doing well in class earned respect, not disdain. Teddie knew that she was surrounded by sixteen-year-olds from India, and a few from surrounding Nepal and Bhutan, who came from wealthier and better-educated families in the area. Although they kept mostly to themselves, no clique was rude to her, and that was another giant plus. Teddie thought sadly that a girl from India would not have faired nearly as well at Early Gulch High School outside of Houston. 
Haley spent most of her free time at the mountaineering school, and Usha clung to Michelle and Teddie a little more than either would have liked. She seemed to be having the most difficult adjustment, at a loss to understand many of the things her American roommates talked about, and yet separated from the others at the school by a chasm born of upbringing, money and status. Teddie could only imagine how having no home to go to would be lonely, and so she tried to show patience as Usha’s large, serious dark eyes followed her and Michelle’s every move. 
Teddie desperately missed having a cell phone, and was surprised to discover how texting had become such a big part of her life. However, the school had been adamant on that subject. No students were allowed to have cell phones, period. But at least she had her laptop. The second week she got to video chat with her parents before class, and the sight of the two of them in the Texas evening, sitting out on the geranium-filled porch, had almost left her in tears yearning for surroundings that she was used to. 
At night, Teddie took refuge from all the strangeness. The collage of colors and faces and smells that permeated her world now by day subsided into the comforting greys of darkness. She lay in her bed and thought of how much she missed boots. Western boots, on her and others. Pickup trucks and country music and bar-b-que and dead armadillos in the road. Now wasn’t that stupid? Pine trees and Tex-Mex food and front lawns and churches everywhere even though her family didn’t belong to one. It was her world, and she missed its familiarity.
Luckily she had been able to keep her MP3 player, and sometimes she thought that the music was saving her sanity. She fell asleep that night crying softly and listening to the song “Texas Kind of Way” while she smelled the musty non-flower smell of her mother’s geraniums in her head. And that was the night that she starting sleepwalking. 
She didn’t remember getting out of bed, or walking down the hall or going out the front door of the school. Didn’t they keep it locked at night? She thought that they must. Maybe she had climbed out the window? Could she even do that in her sleep?
Yet there she was, walking down the street in front of the school in the middle of the night. Lights were mostly off and half a moon was high in the sky. A group of older boys stood huddled together a couple of blocks away, smoking cigarettes. If they noticed Teddie they paid her no mind. 
She looked around, enjoying the chance for once just to soak up the view without people jostling her and trying to move her along. The mountains in the distance glistened with snow. The boys down the street all wore jackets, and Teddie wondered if she had thought to grab a coat as well. She glanced towards her arm, and the next thing she knew she was back in her bed, not the least bit chilled, and with no memory of how she got back there at all. 
Well, sleep-walking was supposed to be an odd phenomenon, she thought. It had probably been set off by homesickness, to be honest. Luckily her subconscious seemed to have found ways to safely navigate her in and out of bed. This time. Hopefully this wasn’t something that was going to become a habit.

One thing that Teddie liked about Lord Peartree Academy was the emphasis on enriching their students. The schedule of guest lecturers for the coming semester included artists, musicians, a politician, a doctor and even a Bollywood movie star. Tonight’s speaker, however, was just for the girls at the academy, and Teddie couldn’t say that she was terribly enthused. Well-known local activist Amy Levitt was going to speak to the girls about the harsh realities of human trafficking. The school was concerned that organized crime was getting more involved and that the demand for virgins over twelve years old had risen dramatically over the last few years. They were to learn about how to be observant for girls in need of help, about resources they could direct victims to, and of course how to avoid scams and claims that could result in their own victimization. 
Teddie considered faking a stomach ailment and having a precious night alone in the room before she noticed just how quiet and solemn Usha had become ever since the evening program had been added to the schedule yesterday. This is part of her world. She lives in fear of this, Teddie acknowledged to herself. Perhaps a caring roommate ought to learn something about local resources? 
When Ms. Levitt entered the auditorium Teddie noticed that Haley could hardly conceal a smirk. The woman was petite and just a bit on the wrong side of chubby by American standards, but she had unfortunately accentuated both issues by wearing the most outrageously gaudy paisley print that Teddie had ever seen. Her clothes overflowed with layers of chiffon and color, and although her hair was a soft brown about four shades lighter than Teddie’s coal black, she sported the same wild curls made even more unruly by several more inches of hair and no styling products. Teddie flinched.
“Unique style,” Michelle muttered.
Apparently Amy Levitt was something of a local figure, and the rest of the school was not the least surprised by her appearance, nor by her shocking opening. 
“In Bombay, girls as young as nine are bought for sixty-thousand rupees at auctions where Arabs bid against Indian men who believe sleeping with a virgin cures STDs. This is from a report by Robert I. Freidman and this, girls, is the world we live in.”
By the time Ms. Levitt finished talking, Teddie had forgotten entirely about the lady’s outlandish appearance and was focused completely on her words, words that left Teddie more than slightly nauseous. The woman discussed problems ranging from preteen prostitution in the United States to Southeast Asian girls sold by mail order to Europeans. “One out of four girls in Cambodia will be sold into forced prostitution,” she said evenly. “One out of four girls the world over will experience some sort of sexual assault before she turns eighteen.” 
Ms. Levitt focused on the problems in India, from the many females driven to prostitution by poverty, to the smaller numbers sold by their own families under a wide variety of circumstances, to the even rarer, yet still significant, problem of kidnapping. She cautioned against everything from job offers too good to be true, to helpful strangers offering rides and good-looking boys offering party invitations. She counseled the girls on safe ways to reach out to possible victims, and on resources for help. In some cases, she said, local law enforcement remained indifferent to these issues, although even apathy was a vast improvement over other countries where the police were known to frequently return girls to their pimps and brothels.
As Teddie left the auditorium she marveled at what an innocent and uninformed life she had led. A look at Usha’s worried expression reminded her that this was good information to have. 

******
Lhatu came to India often, and he had become adept at absorbing the noise and chaos without allowing it to warp his inner peace. He tried instead to gain energy from the surroundings, energy to do the bidding of those he served. 
His large size made travel slightly harder on him, but he recognized that it also made him an unusually capable operative on behalf of his group’s needs. At thirty-one years old he was tall and physically strong by the standards of any race. He could see over the crowds to find others, and thanks to clearly visible muscles he was seldom a target of the pickpockets or scammers that preyed on those who traveled. The simple robes he generally wore bought him a certain amount of automatic respect from those of any faith. The deception of dressing much like a monk bothered him slightly, but he reminded himself that his costume was merely a means to an end.
Today he arrived in Bagdogra, and he had been told to take the train to Darjeeling. He liked Darjeeling. It had a certain spirit about it. There was a girl attending a school there, a young woman whom he had been asked to observe. Do not make contact. Just bring back information. 
Very well. Lhatu was used to such odd assignments. He did not question the wisdom of those who directed his life.

******
For decades the mountaineering school had offered classes for women, and, in this enlightened modern age, it also offered mixed classes. However, most of the courses were still for men only. Haley’s family had not only persuaded the high school to be unusually flexible with her attendance while she disappeared for a few weeks here and there for mountaineering training, but Haley’s father had also persuaded the mountaineering school to be unusually flexible by considering his daughter for the more frequently offered male-only courses. 
Unfortunately, the school had been adamant that, in spite of Haley’s extensive climbing background, she must take their basic course before she could be admitted into the coveted advanced course, which would significantly increase her chances of being allowed on the Kanchenjunga climb. But the only basic class that would admit women was not offered until October, too late for admission into the advanced class. So the school had reluctantly agreed to let Haley do the basic one-week trekking portion in early September with a men’s class and then do the week of field training in early October with another men’s class, only if every male in the class had no objection.
Of the twenty-three males who had signed up for this first course, only five expressed reservations, and they had all agreed to meet Haley before blackballing her from the course. The meeting was tonight.
Haley was nervously trying on clothes in her room. “Just wear what makes you comfortable,” Teddie insisted.
“No,” Michelle shook her head. “Teddie, she really wants to get into this class. If they don’t let her in it messes up her whole Junga climb. Haley’s mom has a point. She should show up looking a little, well, appealing. Show some skin. These are mostly young guys, they’re not going to turn away an attractive female that they think they can hit on.”
“It’s just not right for her to do that,” Teddie said.
“For God’s sake, she’s already at a disadvantage with this group, having to plead to get in, in the first place. She’s a way better climber than anyone in this class is going to be. She should use any advantage she can get.” Michelle was just as adamant.
“It might work against her,” Usha cautioned. “Attractive women make some men nervous, you know, and it doesn’t help that she’s foreign and underage. I think she should look as ugly as she possibly can, so they can just think of her as another male.”
“She’ll be seventeen in October, they are only waiving the age requirement by a month,” Teddie interjected. “And they have lots of foreign students. Seriously, I think she just needs to ignore the fact that she’s female.”
“How the hell does she do that?” Michelle answered with a gesture at Haley’s long shapely legs. “She’s got it and I think she needs to accentuate it,” Michelle added firmly.
“This is just stupid,” Haley finally spoke up as she pushed the entire pile of rejected outfits onto the floor. “I want to climb mountains, not play inane mind games. Did you know that slime mold has over five-hundred different genders? Right now, it would be easier to be slime mold.” 
“You wish to be mold?” Usha was incredulous.
“She’s joking, Usha.”
“Jeans and a flannel shirt. No cleavage, no make up.” Haley had made up her mind.
“Good hair and tight jeans?” Michelle suggested.
“Good hair and my normal jeans which aren’t exactly unflattering.” Haley said.
“And your best smile,” Teddie added. “When they see how bad you want this, who is going to deny you?”
Three of the men were. 
Haley had tears in her eyes the next morning as she explained the verdict to her friends at breakfast. Three boys had reported afterwards that while Haley seemed a delightful young woman and they wished her the very best, they simply preferred the camaraderie of an all male group. 
 “I don’t think that I could have said anything that would have convinced these guys. And I don’t think there is anyway I can climb Kanchenjunga now.”
“Can you maybe spread this out over another year?” Usha was trying to ask in a reasonable tone when one of the women from the kitchen came running to get Haley and bring her back to the office for a phone call.
“The climbing school has called you back,” the woman explained, and a hopeful Haley left the rest of her breakfast to run and take the call. Haley was back in minutes, beaming. 
Someone at the climbing school also thought that this was nonsense. Upon further thought, they had simply declared her class as co-ed and moved the three objecting men to another all male version of the course. Haley was expected to spend the following week in the mountains, with the remaining twenty men. 
Talk about pressure, Teddie thought. But Haley didn’t seem to see it that way. Her wide lips were in a grin that shown out through her hazel eyes and filled the rest of her face as well.

******
The next week Usha became as withdrawn as Haley was effervescent. Teddie initially thought it was homesickness, but by the middle of the week she was certain that something had changed. Usha was avoiding conversation and keeping to herself, and Teddie become concerned that the American girls might have inadvertently excluded their roommate once too often. When Teddie stopped back at her room to drop off some books and found Usha crying, Teddie was certain of it and tried to apologize.
Usha actually laughed through her tears. “You think it matters to me that I do not always understand you or your jokes? You don’t understand mine either.”
True, Teddie thought. Was there a boy maybe? A teacher hassling Usha? Other girls picking on her?
“It’s my mother. She is sick.”
“Oh dear. I’m so sorry Usha. Heart problems? Cancer?”
“No, just a very bad cold.”
“You’re crying because she has a bad cold?” Teddie was baffled. Then she got it. “She’s too sick to clean for your uncle?”
Usha nodded sadly. “She has a fever and has not gotten out of bed for three days. My sister called. She is trying hard to do everything my mom did, but she has her own chores already, and now the next sister is sick too and so she cannot watch the two little ones.”
“Wait. Your seven-year-old sister is too sick to watch the three- and five-year-old?”
“Yes and Bhadra herself has a sore throat and is afraid that if she gets sick too then my uncle will send for me to come take over. Teddie, I am not as lucky as you. Too many people are having to give up too much for me to be here. I cannot stay.”
“Usha, don’t be ridiculous. Your mother doesn’t want you to come home and clean houses. You know that she doesn’t. Your father didn’t want that for you either. Look, how much does it cost to hire a maid for a week? I’m serious. Michelle and I and Haley will all chip in and hire a maid to replace your mom till she gets better. How much can it be?”
“This is not a good idea, Teddie. You are not rich enough to try to buy every friend you make here a way out of their problems so you are better off not starting.” And Teddie knew that was true. In fact, she had been cautioned sternly by the student exchange group that the differences in relative wealth would make it tempting to try to do just that. In the groups’ experience, the end result of such help by well meaning Americans was often far more requests for money than any student could possibly meet, and then hurt feelings in the end all around. Don’t start, she had been told. Don’t even start.
But there were times to ignore even good advice and Teddie was sure that this one. 
“I have an allowance for the semester. We’ll keep Michelle and Haley out of this, okay? I will not take no for an answer, and we’re both going to pretend like I did no such thing, because I do understand that you are right. Okay?”
Usha’s hug was answer enough, and Teddie thought that of course she could do without snacks and spending money while she was in India. Mostly. She didn’t want to involve her folks because she knew that they would disapprove of this, but maybe she could write Ariel and get just a little cash from her sister, just for emergencies. 

******
Jampa worked to clear his mind, to fill it with the lack of negative attachment that he knew those who chose to seek enlightenment must strive for. He wanted to do right. And to do right, he must clear his head. But before he could empty his thoughts, he knew from experience that he had to let a certain amount of them run their course.
The girl. She was the only artifact from those earliest years that he could otherwise not recall, and something in him had always longed for his missing childhood memories. He wished to have known a mother or a father. That was understandable for a child. He embraced the knowledge of this wish and forgave himself for that desire. And he recognized that was why he had chosen to make this childhood playmate into a sister. 
All well and good. Jampa did not understand how he occasionally left his earth body immobile and found himself briefly in his second, lighter body with the girl instead, but this had occurred for as long as he could remember. When something has always happened to you, you don’t question it. 
It had taken years for Jampa to deduce that the other boys at the monastery had no such playmates and no such experiences. By then, he had become reticent to share his.
Jampa had no trouble believing in multiple realities. In fact, layers of existence were part of the very foundation of his religious beliefs. So while his partnership with this girl was unusual, it was. It simply was. He had no problem with that. 
As a young man, it was his duty to accept and learn from his situation, and to experience compassion for this girl and for others whom this second body might put him in contact with. 
And so he would. Jampa focused on his breathing and let lack of thought take over.

******
The next time Teddie went sleepwalking, it occurred to her that she wasn’t really walking. She was floating. And she was pretty sure that she was headed towards the train station. It was the middle of the night and this was no time to catch a train. What was she doing going there? Wasn’t this the same way she had gone to check on her brother Zane, when she was only four years old?
She was moving fast now, almost like she was in a car, and certainly like she knew exactly where she was headed. How did she know where she was going?
She thought that maybe she should go back to her bed when it occurred to her that if she actually got to the station, she could take a train all the way to the airport. And if she could just get to Bagdogra where the airport was, then she could get on an airplane and fly far, far away to a place where eleven-year-old children didn’t have to be scared when their mother got a cold, and girls didn’t have to plead to get admitted to classes for men only, and high school juniors from Texas didn’t have to cough up their entire allowance just to keep a roommate from getting taken out of school by evil uncles. 
Was the uncle really evil? He must be. 
And then she thought that she felt the uncle grab her arm and she jumped. But it was just Usha grabbing her arm, and she was in bed.
“You were making noises in your sleep,” Usha said worriedly. “You were having a bad dream?”
“I didn’t think I was dreaming at all,” Teddie muttered as she turned over, and then she felt confused. So she wasn’t going places in her sleep? She was just having dreams about going? Why?

******
Uncle Jeet began to make a few discrete inquiries. Clearly something had to be done. The medical bills, which had been a fortune to Ashmita, were still substantial to him. And his wife Riddhi’s spending only seemed to go up every month in spite of how strongly he beseeched her to rein it in. But the most frightening aspect of all this was the four daughters themselves. How had his brother Chakor allowed this to happen?
They were both raised in the traditional manner. Granted, Chakor had gone to the modern ways, starting with his unwise choice of that woman for his wife. But even a modern father must surely still feel some obligation to provide a small dowry for his daughter. And certainly to provide a wedding worthy of the family’s name. Not even a wealthy man could afford four daughters!
Jeet thought that he had been generous over the years. He had given Chakor money to help with the last pregnancy once they learned that it was to be a boy. Even now he had tried to mitigate his situation by securing the oldest daughter a position cleaning homes. Only Ashmita had been too foolish to embrace the opportunity, insisting instead on educating the girl. 
Very well. Knowing Chakor and Ashmita, Jeet was pretty certain he had a sixteen-year-old virgin on his hands. He needed to at least know what that was worth. A man at work knew someone who knew someone who put Jeet in touch with an oily-looking little man named Nandi. When they met for tea, the small man had quick nervous gestures and wore a terribly expensive suit. He swallowed the hot liquid in just two gulps.
“Is she attractive?” Nandi asked him. Jeet supposed so. She certainly wasn’t ugly.
“Could you provide a photograph?” Of course he could. Ashmita must have pictures of Usha somewhere. “Several would be better.” Okay, several.
“How would you describe her?” Jeet rolled his eyes in frustration. What was there to describe? She had her nose in a book all the time. Why all these questions? Surely her personality did not matter.
But Jeet was wrong. Nandi, who had been kind enough to offer to gather some information just so that he would have some facts to work with, pointed out that while an auction to the highest bidder could bring in a good bit of cash, often there were discrete markets for this kind of thing. Specific men with specific tastes. The value of the girl could go up considerably if she was of particular interest to one of Nandi’s high-level clients.
Oh, Jeet had not been aware of this. He supposed he was rather uninformed in the ways of this slice of the world. Okay then. This girl was very serious, very studious and kind of naive. Did anyone like that kind of girl? He saw Nandi nod and smile. Very well, he would bring some photos tomorrow. 

 8. September 2011: Fleeing

Most of humanity over time has thought of the earth as a creature, a wonderful mother who provides and cares for the vast array of life she is proud to have nurtured. “Look at me,” she says to the other planets within earshot. “Look what I’ve grown on my surface now. Aren’t they magnificent?”
“This last group is a little aggressive, dear,” Venus replies. 
“Maybe you need to get a spray or something to keep them under control,” Mars cautions.
“Oh no, they’re harmless,” Earth laughs. “And I love the way they build stuff. Aren’t these teeny things they call trains just adorable? Look at them go.” 
Earth usually moves slowly by choice, for she is basically a gentle, languid creature. But every once in a while she gets an itch and has to shake a bit. It happens. She means no harm.
The 6.8 earthquake hit the hills of Sikkim and the surrounding area right after six p.m. on Sunday, September 18. Teddie and Michelle had just gotten off the Darjeeling Himalayan Train, known locally as the “toy train” and proudly considered a UNESCO World Heritage site. The school had offered an optional day trip for the students to enjoy the picturesque ride. The girls were exiting the station, still gasping to each other about how beautiful the scenery had been, when the ground under them began to shake. As the tremor changed into a more discernable roll, people screamed and children ran to their parents. The ground began to rise and fall like waves on the sea. Several nearby buildings cracked, and a few of them crumbled like they were made out of cookies.
Teddie grabbed Michelle’s arm and looked around in panic for the teachers and the other students. Her eye caught an unusually tall and well-built man in a monk’s robe. He was noteworthy not only because of his size, but also because he was simply standing still in the middle of the chaos. He appeared undisturbed by the earthquake, like he considered it oddly irrelevant. Instead, he was looking at her and Michelle.

******
The uncle was offended by the offer of cash to hire another maid for a week. Did Ashmita think that he wanted just any unknown woman in his house cleaning? Someone he could not trust? She needed to remember her place. If he wanted someone to fill in for her, he would most certainly take care of it himself. 
Luckily Ashmita was already feeling better, and so hiring another maid quickly became a moot point. Ashmita guessed that what had really bothered Jeet was the very idea that Ashmita had other resources. He told her curtly that any pittance she could raise would in no way detract from his generosity and in no way affected her family’s obligations to please him as a result. And then he had left to meet some man for tea.
By the next day the uncle began talking about what a mistake it had been to allow Usha to go to the school in Darjeeling. Surely her mother could see that the girl was needed here. His voice became softer. Perhaps in a year or two she could be allowed to return to school, if all went well. He and Ashmita could work together to try to make that happen if Ashmita would just bring the girl home now.
By the way, he had noted that Usha was a shy girl who seemed more interested in her books than in boys. Her father had elected not to look into an arranged marriage, but Jeet thought that perhaps the possibility should be considered. Not to be indelicate, but was her mother sure that the girl was a virgin?
This last question disturbed Ashmita. She had gone to her room, thinking to pull Usha’s picture out of a small album that she kept, to take some measure of comfort from the image of her daughter. Only every picture of Usha was now missing. Why would anyone want a picture of Usha? Ashmita felt a chill inside.
She used the next possible opportunity to call the school and insisted on talking to Usha in person. Her instructions to her daughter to get away as soon as possible were very clear.
Then after the phone call, made late on a Sunday afternoon when Jeet and Riddhi were being entertained elsewhere, Ashmita thought about her daughter living at the mercy of acquaintances and strangers. Perhaps she had over-reacted. Maybe Usha would be safer staying at the school. Maybe the school or local authorizes could be persuaded to help Ashmita and protect Usha. 
Ashmita picked up the phone, daring to make yet a second call, thinking that she would tell Usha to wait until they both knew more about the uncle’s intentions. But the earthquake had struck moments before, and once Ashmita dialed there was no way to reach Darjeeling by landline or cell phone or any other means.

******
The school had been lucky to have only received minimum damage, but electricity was out when the students made their way back from the train ride that night, and there was no phone service or internet. Teddie hoped that her parents weren’t listening to the news and that she would be able to contact them herself before they heard about the earthquake. Word was that parts of the town had received far more damage and that there were several deaths due to people being crushed by the rubble. Many of the students, and those teachers who lived on campus, were worried about aftershocks. The school reluctantly gave permission for anyone to sleep outside if they wished.
Usha was particularly scared when they returned and insisted that she would be sleeping outdoors well away from the buildings. Teddie supposed that the girl might have experienced earthquakes before, leaving her so distraught. Haley had already left Saturday morning for her week of training with the mountaineering school, and Michelle was too nervous about bugs to sleep outside. Teddie wasn’t crazy about either option for a good night’s rest, but between Usha’s pleading eyes and Michelle’s assurances that she’d be just fine indoors by herself, Teddie finally agreed to a night out on the lawn with Usha. The two girls found a spot near the edge of the yard that had been designated as the girls’ side, and Usha curled up and appeared to fall asleep almost right away.
Teddie, of course, tossed and turned uncomfortably with only blankets between her and the hard cold ground. She was worried about aftershocks, bugs, and everything else her imagination could dredge up. It was an impressive list. She’d finally accepted that she would be getting no sleep at all when she was surprised to find herself dreaming.
At least she assumed that she was dreaming, because she felt like she was sleepwalking again, and even in the dream she remembered clearly that the sleepwalking was only her mind at work while she slumbered. It was not real.
So why was she now going to the bus station? She was positive that was where she was going. Was she trying to go home again? She really had to stop this. No wait. She was following somebody, somebody with a single, long, glossy-dark ponytail running down her back. The girl was walking fast, not gliding through the air like Teddie, and her hunched shoulders made it clear even from behind that the girl was cold and scared.
It was Usha. What was Usha doing going to the bus station? There was no bus until dawn, but Teddie saw a faint bit of light in the east and realized that dawn was not far away. Would the bus even be running after the earthquake? 
Others hoped so, for the station was already busy with those anxious or needing to leave town for one reason or another after the disaster. Teddie watched the restless people, and realized that she did not hear a single sound that was coming out of their mouths. Had all these dreams been silent? Now that she thought about it, it seemed like they had. 
Teddie made it around to Usha’s side and saw the relief on the girl’s face as she surveyed the crowd. Numbers meant safety. Usha was fingering a wad of money in her hand that looked like the collection of bills Teddie had given her. Was Usha going to try to deliver it to her uncle herself? That sounded like a bad idea. But if not, where was she going?
Teddie watched Usha make her way to the front of the line and use a good bit of her money to buy a ticket. As Usha grasped her ticket tightly and moved into the waiting area, Teddie made up her mind to confront her friend.
“Hey, Usha, what’s going on?” she asked. Although Teddie formed the words and felt her vocal chords move, no sounds came out of her mouth. Weird. Worse yet, Usha didn’t even glance her direction. In fact, Usha looked right through her. 
“Hello,” Teddie tried to say irritably, waving her hand up and down. But Usha pretended like Teddie wasn’t even there. Well this was rude. So Teddie tried jumping up and down, saying “Usha, don’t ignore me.” But the world stayed completely silent. Usha continued to stare right through Teddie. Stranger still, so did everybody else in the bus station. 
Then Teddie realized that her friend not only did not hear her, but Usha also did not see her. In fact, all the people at the bus station were totally unaware of her. I’m dreaming about being a ghost, she thought. It’s bad enough that I can’t stop dreaming about sleepwalking, but now I’m dreaming about being a sleepwalking ghost.
Sadly, she started to turn away from Usha, when she noticed that one person was apparently having no trouble seeing her at all. The large muscular man in the monk’s robe was here too. He was now standing right in the middle of the bus station, and he was staring right at Teddie. As she noticed his gaze, he nodded to her and gave her a very slight smile back. Teddie was at a loss to explain why, but nothing in her entire life had ever scared her quite as much.

Teddie knew something was wrong as soon as she woke up. She was chilled and lying on hard ground, and the many blankets above and below her were clearly inadequate for the task of keeping her comfortable. Others had risen already and were laughing and talking, made boisterous by the sheer novelty of a night of camping outdoors on the school grounds.
There was an element of giddy relief in their laughter, and Teddie remembered. The earthquake. Of course. Usha’s fear of sleeping inside and being crushed during an aftershock. Teddie turned to her friend but saw that Usha was already up and gone. Probably headed off to breakfast, Teddie thought. One thing about being cold, Teddie realized, was that it sure gave one an appetite. 
She gathered up the quilts and woven fabric that the girls had used as their informal camping gear and headed into the school. Teachers were starting to herd the rest of the students inside, and in the rush of people and noise Teddie took the bedding back to the room and went to the dining hall.
She was sitting alone eating a piece of the pan-fried bread called paratha when Michelle sat down next to her. 
“Where’s Usha?”
Teddie shrugged. “I figured that she’d be in our room or here in the dining hall. She’s probably in the bathroom.”
“She never came back to the room,” Michelle said.
“Odd.” And then Teddie remembered the dream about the bus station.
“What’s wrong?” Michelle asked, seeing a worried expression making its way onto Teddie’s deep brown eyes.
“Nothing. Really nothing. I had a weird dream and Usha was in it and you just reminded me of it, that’s all”
“Well, if she isn’t in class we better tell somebody,” Michelle said.

******
Usha felt terrible about stealing the money that her new friend wanted to give her mother, and she hoped that if she paid it back someday it would keep Teddie from hating her. At first she was only going to take just what she needed for bus fare, but then she realized that was foolish. She would need to eat, and her friend would be no more or less mad if it all was missing. 
The bus ride to Gangtok was not such a long one, and at least she was going north, in a direction away from her uncle. Her mother Ashmita had given her the name of a woman who lived there and with whom her mother had been friends with long ago. Surely this kind lady would take Usha in and help her. Although her mother had given her no details, Usha had understood perfectly the fear in her mother’s voice.

******
The mountaineering school had gone out of its way to send a female instructor along on the trek. Haley felt bad about the special accommodation, but frankly it was nice not being the only girl among so many males. Not that ability was an issue here. The basic outdoor skills that this first week would cover were the sorts of things that Haley’s dad had taught her before she turned ten. 
Many of her classmates for the week were young Indian males aged seventeen to early twenties. They were boisterous, and inept at basic climbing, and most of them stared at Haley a lot. She avoided eye contact, kept her shirts buttoned up all the way up to her collar and tried to avoid attention of any kind. She had brought plenty of schoolwork with her. Once word of the earthquake made its way to the group of trekkers, the mood calmed down as others became worried about family and friends. Haley was relieved to learn that her school had survived with little damage, although with phones out she knew very few details. 
Fortunately, the instructors were kind to her. Once it was clear that the girl was appropriately humble, but had little to learn from this class other than specifics of the culture and mountain range, they allowed her to keep to herself. As the week wore on she retreated further and further into her books. The good news was that by the time she returned to school she would be caught up on all of her classes.

******
By midday a search for Usha had begun on campus, but it was hindered by the many missing students and school personnel, as families in town struggled to recover from the earthquake. One girl who could not be found was just one more problem in the community that day, and as bodies were occasionally pulled from the rubble the urgency of Usha’s situation lessened. The school concluded that the seismically active hills had spooked the girl from Patna, who had probably stolen bus fare from her friends and headed home. Only Michelle and Teddie knew how unlikely that possibility was, and they could think of no good way to search for their friend. However, when Haley made it back to campus a few days later, she had an idea. 

******
The home office had reprimanded Amy more than once for becoming too involved in matters of individual missing girls. She was there to provide support for former victims, and to address global problems of safety for young girls and their families. But there was a fine line to walk with the runaways who chose prostitution over their other awful alternatives and with families who were complicit in the sale of their own female relatives. Amy promised every time to be more sensitive to social, cultural and economic issues. And every time she held her fingers crossed behind her back in the childish gesture that meant, to her at least, that she did not have to mean it.
To every girl who turned to selling herself in order to eat, to avoid physical abuse, or to have shelter and someone nominally looking out for her, Amy intended to find a way to offer her a better alternative. Then, if the girl declined food, safety, shelter, and a safe and better future, and for some reason still wanted to be hooker? Fine. Amy would fight for the girl’s right to do so. But in Amy’s experience, she had yet to meet that girl. 
As for the many delicate family issues that too often resulted in teenage girls “working” at the insistence of their own kin? Amy had long since decided that some situations trumped cultural sensitivity. Not many. Actually, maybe just this one. 
 So when the three American girls came to her office begging for help to find their friend, Amy sighed. This had all the markings of just the sort of case that would get her in trouble with the agency. The involvement of the three American students only made it more probable that this whole thing would reach the press and ultimately the ears of Amy’s superiors back home. So many reasons to give these girls the brush off.
And only one not to.
“What did you say her name was?” Amy asked.
“Usha.” It was the girl with the East-Asian ancestry who spoke up first. “She’s really smart and so happy to be in school, and she has these beautiful big trusting eyes and you’ve got to help us find her.”
 The tall confident girl with the long blond hair jumped in. “The school’s been really busy with the aftermath of the earthquake all week. Last night they finally got a hold of her mother who says she has no idea where her daughter has gone and so the school now says that she is just a runaway who couldn’t handle the advanced classes and they are washing their hands of it!”
The pretty one with the head full of black curls added, “We know better. There is no way that’s true. Usha was doing great in her classes. She is in some kind of real trouble.”
“Okay,” Amy sighed. “Start at the beginning and tell me everything you know. No holding back.”
The three girls sat down eagerly and starting talking all at once. Amy smiled at their vehemence, their innocence and their concern for their friend. There was an uncle from another city, and huge debts to be paid. There was no one local to help. The girl wasn’t even from Darjeeling. Amy looked at the photo one of the girls had on her laptop. She sat for a minute in silence as she carefully studied Usha’s face. 
A young hopeful human being, full of potential. Just as all young people were. Was that reason enough to get involved? Of course it was. 
 

 9. October 2011: Accepting

Amy understood that earthquakes were a part of living near the greatest mountain range on earth and that anger toward them was useless. The Himalayas are the only mountains that grow slightly taller every day, as the subcontinent of India continues to shove its way slowly under the rest of Asia. One day, millions of years from now, Amy knew that India would run out of steam and stop pushing, but by then the Himalaya Mountains would extend another thousand miles northward and be far taller. Amy wondered if any descendants of humanity would be around in ten million years to see what the finished mountain range looked like, and if humans did exist, would they even care.
Today, she wasn’t betting on humanity surviving much past its current state. She was trying to track an intelligent, energetic young person who would likely have had much to offer the human race had not her own kin apparently decided they’d rather destroy her to make a few bucks. Amy knew too well that a host of other humans would be happy to participate in the girl’s slow destruction and would feel little to no remorse about doing so. 
“We don’t deserve to survive as a species,” Amy muttered as she picked up the phone to make another call. 
She’d started her day out by cursing the earthquake. Not because of the damage it had done or even the loss of human life, which was of course sad, but because it had also made it nearly impossible to trace where and how a young girl had left town. For days after the seismic event, roads had been damaged, transportation was erratic and communication out of Darjeeling was almost nil. Amy suspected that Usha had been looking for a way to get away unnoticed and had grabbed the opportunity. The chance to sleep outside and leave the school unsupervised under cover of darkness had been a gift.
Ashmita, the girl’s mother, continued to insist that she had no idea why her daughter had left or where she had gone. Amy was pretty sure that wasn’t the truth, but that the woman was trying in her own way to protect Usha. The problem was that if by chance Usha had gotten to safety, it would be so helpful for Amy to know. She could privately reassure the girl’s friends and then move on to the pile of work waiting for her on her desk. But Ashmita, who clearly was too scared to trust anyone, was sticking to her story.
Unfortunately, Amy could only plead for information, while the uncle had Usha’s siblings that he could threaten. Amy was sure that the uncle would find a way to learn whatever it was that Ashmita knew, sooner or later.
So, what was the best thing she could do under the circumstances? Amy often made herself step back and ask this question. Today, the answer seemed to be to make absolutely sure that Ashmita could and would contact Amy once the uncle did force Usha’s location out of Ashmita. And it probably would help if Amy stopped worrying about humanity in ten million years. Or even in ten thousand. She should probably just hope we made it as a species to the year 2100 and let it go at that.

******
Having to flee from the school she had come to love seemed like a bad dream to Usha, starting with a nightmarish dash through dark streets, looking over her shoulder, hoping that no one was following her. She had no idea how she would have managed the escape without the earthquake, but there was no sense worrying about that. Her mother had been certain. Your uncle is going to come get you himself if I refuse to call you to come home. Leave now.
Luckily her mother knew someone in a direction no one would have guessed that she would have gone. The bus going north had been filled with those from Sikkim anxious to get home to check on loved ones, and there was much worry that mudslides and damage from the quake would prevent them from making it all the way to Gangtok. Usha did not care. She felt safe on the bus. If it took days to reach her destinations, all the better. Difficult road conditions only meant that she would be even harder to follow.
Her mother’s acquaintance turned out to be an elderly woman named Bela, who had once been a close friend of one of Usha’s great aunts. Decades ago the woman had met and married a man from Ashmita’s home city of Mumbai, and she had lived in Mumbai for years, becoming friends with much of Ashmita’s family. But that of course had been many years ago. 
Bela had moved back to the home of her youth in Sikkim once she was widowed. The old woman seemed a bit confused by the request to house Usha, and vague about how she was supposed to help the girl. After a day or two, she asked Usha kindly what her plans were for traveling onward. Oh dear. Usha took a chance.
“My great aunt thought that perhaps I could be of use to you. That I could do your shopping and a bit of cleaning and cooking for you and of course go to the local school during the day. She sent me to help you. Did she not explain?”
The woman looked thoughtful for a minute. “I don’t remember every conversation as well as I used to, dear. Did I tell her that would be okay?”
Usha felt so bad lying to Bela, but her other choices were so much worse. “You said it was a fine idea. I’m sorry, would you rather that I left after all?”
“No, no of course not. Let’s get you in school, and let’s go over your duties. I’m sorry dear. You may have to remind me of things from time to time.”
Usha smiled with gratitude. “That’s no problem. I’m happy to do that.” And she promised silently to herself to help this Bela more than enough to make up for her deception. 

******
Haley tried to enjoy the two weeks back at school even though they were permeated with worry for her missing roommate. Usha, who had sometimes annoyed her by being too serious and obtuse, had become a true best friend now that she was gone. Haley recognized the irony with a shrug. That was how friendship went sometimes.
Haley worked to get caught up in her classes, knowing that the next week in the mountains, with yet another group of two dozen men, would involve more strenuous physical climbing and an even more challenging social situation. So she was actually relieved when she got word that her entrepreneur Uncle Steve would be joining her for part of the next class in late October. He wouldn’t be doing any climbing, of course, but had gotten permission to come along to photograph her. Normally that prospect would have Haley cringing in dread, but nothing had been normal lately. It might be worth posing for the man’s endless vignettes just to have a familiar face along. 

******
Teddie admitted that she could be a bit over-emotional at times, but she had always believed herself to be a girl who would eventually calm down and deal with reality. That, of course, presupposed that she knew what reality was. 
As the dry, cool month of October got underway, she had no more episodes of sleepwalking, or of dreaming about sleepwalking, but she could not get the mental picture of Usha at the bus station out of her head. If it was a dream, it was so unlike a normal one. Let’s face it, she thought, dreams were usually about yourself. It was your own subconscious after all. 
Yet this dream had been mostly about Usha, from the girl’s nervous escape down the dark streets of Darjeeling to her frantic purchase of a bus ticket to Gangtok. Wait. Teddie froze mid step. She had forgotten that detail. No question, she had seen Usha buy a ticket to Gangtok. Gangtok was north in Sikkim. Usha was from the south, so she had not been going home.
Should she tell somebody that? Why? It wasn’t real. If she had been sleepwalking, had been, in reality, running after her friend that night, then everyone in the bus station would have seen her. Usha would have talked to her. So she hadn’t been there, and she had no idea of where the real Usha had actually gone. Best keep these odd dreams to herself. They were of no use to anyone, and with any luck at all she was done with them.
Then that night she had another one. She was in a place filled with snow, and she had no idea how she had gotten here. She remembered that the word Himalaya means “abode of snow,” and she thought that maybe she was somewhere up in the Himalayas. That was interesting. She felt warm and welcome, as though she was answering an invitation, or even almost responding to a sort of physical tug. Had her presence been requested? By whom, and why?
She looked around and saw a boy and girl about her own age not too far away, playing like younger children would. She approached them and saw that they both wore soft black robes made out of some sort of fuzzy material. Teddie loved fuzzy clothes. She reached out to touch them and saw that the boy and girl both had a sort of luminescence to them that made Teddie wonder if they were human.
They smiled at her and waved. It felt a little like when the big monk had acknowledged her in the bus station. Like she was a ghost and they were ghosts too, except that it all felt less creepy here. 
The boy moved a few feet back, gave her a grin, and then leapt into the air and executed a perfect double forward somersault. A gymnast, Teddie thought. The girl, not to be outdone, waited until her partner landed. She took a step back, only to leap even higher than the boy. With the grace of an Olympic medalist, she performed a double backwards somersault before landing perfectly on her feet.” They both bowed and gestured to Teddie.
She shrugged. They wanted her to do gymnastics? She noticed that she was wearing a robe similar to theirs, just as wonderfully soft, but it was the light, mint-green color of the blanket she had on her bed as a child. Nice. It covered her perfectly as it moved with her.
She’d always been pretty good at cartwheels. She leaned right, thinking she’d join in by doing two of the best cartwheels she could manage, only to find that the slight effort she put into it sent her careening over and over into seven or eight perfect turns before she could stop herself.
She stood amazed while they grinned at her and clapped. That was fun. 
Teddie found herself back in her bed at school, just as quickly as she had arrived. This time she was completely wide-awake and very sure that she had not been dreaming. Nor had she been sleepwalking. Which posed the questions: What exactly was it that she was doing? And why did it seem like she had been invited this time, just so she could discover how much fun it could be to do this?

******
Haley was doing push-ups, grunting as she worked her way into the higher numbers.
“You really go after that stuff, don’t you?” Teddie said shaking her head, thinking that she might go wash her hair until Haley was done making all the noises.
“I have to,” Haley panted, then came to some acceptable number and stopped. “Seriously,” she said between heavy breaths. “When you climb, how good a shape you are in can make the difference between surviving and not.” She started in on sit-ups, but seeing her two roommates staring at her, she stopped. 
“I’m sorry. If this is all too intense for you guys, I can try to do my workouts when you’re not in the room. I get that this is kind of weird.”
Teddie felt bad for staring. “Don’t worry about it, Haley, do what you need to. My whole family is weird—I’m used to it. And I definitely want to see you in good shape for what you’re trying to do.”
“Your kind of intensity is no problem in my book,” Michelle added. “Go for it. If being in better shape could save your life, I say work out twice as much.”

******
Pim took the older girls aside to give them some instructions. “You leave here in a few weeks. Our agent has found you good homes. Remember, you must do what your new owners say. Always. Life stays good if you don’t become a problem. I promise you that.” Pim looked happy, like she was proud of the girls.
Vanida was confused. She had the impression that nobody was going to own her once she moved on to her fine adult life in Bangkok. She was going to get to do whatever she wanted. “Aren’t we going to be free women?” she asked Pim. The other girls looked at her with surprise, and Pim gave her a narrow glare.
“I don’t know where you got that idea Vanida. Did Noi talk nonsense to you when you were little? Girls like you aren’t free. We get you good owners. Ones who feed you, and who won’t hurt you if you behave, and who even buy you nice things if you do a good job for them. We care for you girls, and you get the best you can hope for. You be grateful for that.” 
Pim turned her gaze to all five of the girls who would be leaving next month. “We have a good business reputation. We count on you girls to make us proud.” She leveled her gaze right at Vanida. “It is best for you if you do that.”

******
No female instructor had been available to accompany the group of mostly young men who were headed into the Himalayas for Haley’s next one-week course. This second week would involve more serious mountaineering. Haley once again had all the requisite proficiencies and quite a few more, but culture, gender and her joining the class in progress left her on the far side of a divide with these new classmates. She smiled a lot. She did her best to be humble, to be helpful, and to be no trouble at all. Damn the school for making her do this before she could get into the serious advanced course, which started in two more weeks.
She had hoped that having her uncle arrive on the second day would improve her situation, but she quickly realized that Uncle Steve in India was a different matter than Uncle Steve in the Unites States. While Haley’s dad had acquired a certain minimum of cultural sensitivity by climbing with others, Uncle Steve apparently only got louder and more obnoxious when he didn’t know what else to do. Not having much to brag about on his own, he quickly turned to bragging about Haley instead.
To one uninterested group he waxed eloquent on how Haley had been a virtual child prodigy on the peaks of Colorado. To another he boasted about Haley’s looks and how she was going to have a great future endorsing beauty products when she returned from this little venture. Haley overheard him actually discussing her figure with a group of men from Japan whose command of English was fortunately rather poor, she hoped.
By the third day Haley had begun to notice occasional sympathetic glances from a few of her classmates, and it was nice to know that not every one of them blamed her for the conduct of her kin. Uncle Steve’s bad behavior might even have bought her a bit of understanding, she thought. After all, who didn’t have at least one relative that habitually made them cringe?
On the fourth night, the evening before the group would be scaling a rather impressive and beautiful cliff, her uncle began avoiding her gaze, and was uncharacteristically quiet with everyone. Haley learned from an instructor that Uncle Steve had gotten permission to photograph the climb the next day if he would supply a set of the photos to the school that they could use on their website and in their advertising. So that is why they let him come along, Haley sighed.
Once they were in their shared tent, Uncle Steve was more anxious to talk.
“Honey, this whole thing is expensive, you know? Very expensive. Do you have any idea what my airfare just to come over here and photograph you has cost?”
Haley knew exactly how much airfare to India was. Her parents had made sure she had known.
“Luckily I’ve got some very good news. I’ve kept it from you until now, because, well, because I wanted to wait until the right minute to tell you. I have a second potential sponsor for you and they are big. These guys, these guys really make this whole thing work. They are so interested that if I bring them back the photos they want, they are going to use them in an ad campaign that they are about to launch. And they said that they will really consider sponsoring your climb. You’ve got to understand Haley. This is it, the big break that we’ve waiting for.”
“I thought that the cosmetic company already was our big break?” Haley said.
“Chump change compared to this. Oh don’t get me wrong now, we’re really glad to have those make-up guys too, because they got this whole thing started. And luckily the lingerie folks don’t see any conflict with the sponsorship at all so we can do both. And it’s gonna take both to pay for all this, let me tell you. But it’ll be worth it. Once you climb that mountain, girl, you are going to be golden. As in the golden goose. An ATM machine on legs, no offense honey. I just need this one photo from you tomorrow. Okay?”
“Sure, Uncle Steve.” Haley was tired and wanted to end the conversation. “I promise to give you my best smile tomorrow and even wear a little make-up and not be grumpy about it, okay?” 
“Uh, I’m going to need a little more from you than that, dear. This is a lingerie company. The biggest. They want you in your beautiful smile and in the new sexy yet versatile bra that they’re introducing to the market in a few months.”
“You want me to wear their bra while I climb?” Haley found the request almost funny. So that is what Uncle Steve had been embarrassed to ask her. “Sure. I need to wear somebody’s bra. Why not wear theirs?”
“No dear. I want you to wear their lovely bra, and once you get to the place I’ve already picked out today, I need to photograph you in it. I’m sorry honey, but that would be without your shirt.”
“What? Hell no.” Haley didn’t say it; she yelled it.
“Shhh.” For once it was Uncle Steve asking her to lower her voice. “You can just unbutton your shirt all the way really fast. I’ll try to time it so most of the guys have moved on. Haley—no photo, no sponsorship. No paying for my expenses to come here. No nothing. Come on honey, it’s fifteen seconds of your time. And you’ll look great in this bra. It covers everything just like a swimsuit, so what’s the big deal?”
“It’s my underwear and everybody knows it, that’s the big deal. Why can’t somebody just Photoshop in the damn bra?”
“They told me to not even think about that. This whole ad campaign is about authenticity. You know, sexy clothes for real women who do exciting ‘real-women things’ like climb mountains. They don’t want anyone from this climb seeing the ad and posting on the internet about how it was all fake. Kind of kills the authenticity thing, you know?”
“So you’re saying that I have to not only be photographed in my bra, I have to be seen by my fellow climbers doing this, and, let’s be honest, the company actually hopes that these guys will post on the internet about how hot I looked in my bra while climbing a mountain?”
“Yeah, sort of. It doesn’t have to be a lot of them.” To her uncle’s credit he looked a little ashamed. “Hey Haley, I didn’t design this world, I’m just trying to get by in it.”
Haley wanted to tell him to get by without her, but she knew already that she was going to eventually agree to do it. That’s how badly she wanted to climb Kanchenjunga.

******
Pavel studied her pictures and read the report. She was pretty enough, with her big eyes and the long ponytail, but pretty wasn’t so much what mattered. He had all the pretty girls he wanted whenever he felt like it. Here, he was looking for something special. A real treat. Not just a virgin, but truly an innocent who he could make thoroughly his. 
It said that she was studious and smart. Those were plusses for what he had in mind. Hindu. That was good, he liked them pure Indian. And soon to be seventeen. That was perfect. No children for him, he wasn’t a pervert and he liked a woman’s curves. Older virgins were becoming exceedingly rare these days. It was sad what the world was coming to.
He studied the pictures some more, and then he nodded slowly as he made his decision. He went to get the very special box that he kept in the back of his safe. He opened it and fingered the photos of the various things that he had already made totally his. The rare white lion he had killed over ten years ago. The dead elephant lying on the ground with its beautiful long white tusks. The extraordinary Ming vase he had cherished for months before he allowed himself the sheer joy of smashing it into a million pieces. 
He studied the giant male baboon that he had killed on his own with only a bow and a poisoned arrow. Now that one had been a worthy challenge. And here was the girl from eight years ago, the first time that he had indulged himself and purchased his own virgin from Nandi. What a wonderful revelation it had been to him, to discover that he could own a girl completely, that she had no resources, no one to turn to, and for all intents and purposes no protection under the law. 
He studied the picture of the second one, bought four years ago. She had actually amused him for longer, although both virgins had been younger and, in the end, more compliant than he would have liked. Even so, they had each been great fun in their own way, before he allowed himself to take his final pleasure with them. 
Now this new one. She was going to have more substance to her, more fight. He could feel it already and laughed at how his manhood was responding with its own anticipation. He happily dropped her picture into the box. You will be mine, he thought with satisfaction as he turned the small combination lock closed.
He took the phone back off of mute. “Yes, Nandi. She’ll do nicely. In fact, I’ll pay ten percent over your asking price if you don’t even show her to anyone else. I’d like it if you can get her to me by the weekend, no latter than Saturday noon if possible.”
Pavel sat back in his chair and smiled. Some men liked to go fishing when their wives went out of town. He’d never seen the charm in trying to catch a dumb little fish. 
10. October 2011: Seeking

After the first meeting with Amy, Teddie and her friends figured out how easy it was to ride the bus over to the small crowded office that Amy ran, and they discovered that the school was willing to give them permission to do so. It didn’t take long for the woman’s wild clothes and her barrage of potted plants occupying every available bit of extra space to begin to seem normal—normal, at least, for Amy, who impressed them because she took time to listen to whatever theories or facts that they had.
Teddie had tried to call her Ms. Levitt at first, but Amy had insisted that they were now co-workers, humans striving together to find one of their own. Teddie would please lose her southern manners for the time being, as Ms. Amy was not acceptable either. Amy said it with a smile. 
The second time they came it was because one of the younger boys had reluctantly told Michelle how he had woken up in the middle of the night when they all slept outdoors, and when he couldn’t go back to sleep he had snuck off to play with an electronic game he wasn’t supposed to have. He had seen Usha leave by herself. 
That was very good news, Amy assured them. At least she had not been kidnapped from campus.
“You don’t really think that her uncle would drive up here himself and grab his own niece in the middle of the night and force her into his car, do you?” Michelle asked.
“Possibly,” Amy said. “Depending on exactly how he intends to, uh, monetize Usha, he could have turned that job over to someone more experienced at this kind of thing. Do you think Usha is a virgin?”
The girls all nodded. “We talked about boys a little. Usha was shy and her parents were strict. She sort of had a boyfriend in ninth grade, and she really liked him, and they kissed a couple of times at parties, but both sets of parents put a stop to the relationship.”
“The cultural norms for teenage experimenting are different here,” Amy said. “I’d have guessed that she had very little sexual experience given what I know of her family. My working assumption is that her uncle has been looking for someone to buy her outright for a large fee. His part of the deal is that he provides her whereabouts and assurances that family won’t come causing trouble, and then he both lies to Usha’s mother and to the authorities to keep his end of the deal.“
“How does a man justify doing that?” Teddie asked.
Amy answered without missing a beat. “By believing that his personal comfort and enjoyment justifies any behavior.” She shrugged matter-of-factly. “I don’t mean to be cold about it, but I see this a lot.”
“So, you mean that there really are organizations out there that buy and sell girls? I mean, organizations that are, like, good at it?” Teddie was nowhere near ready to accept this with the cool nonchalance that Amy had acquired over the years.
“Yes. They’re not lurking around every corner, Teddie. They generally stay out of sight in the world you know, because in your world too many people would be outraged and that would cause them inconvenience. Unnecessary inconvenience, because there are plenty of other corners, in the US and everywhere else, where these people can operate with far less trouble. You happen to be lucky because they generally stay in their corners and away from yours.”
Teddie shuddered inside.
A few days after that, Amy called the school and asked if the girls could come to her office. By then Haley was off at her second mountaineering class, but Teddie and Michelle were happy to oblige.
“I was thinking,’ Amy said, “that if Usha ran, something must have spooked her. I finally found someone at the school today who told me that Usha spoke with her mother just minutes before the earthquake. I was hoping that you girls could look into this a little. Maybe someone was in earshot and overheard something from the conversation.”
Teddie and Michelle nodded, eager to help.
“It sounds like the earthquake couldn’t have had worse timing,” Michelle said.
“That timing might have been the very thing that helped your friend get to safety,” Amy replied. “If that’s the case, and I hope and think it might be, we need to find Usha to let her know that the men her uncle sold her to may well keep trying to track her down, particularly if money has already exchanged hands. She, and the people who are hiding her, are not safe, and Usha may think that they are.”
“We’ll do everything we can to find out more,” Teddie assured Amy. She knew for a fact that girls at the school eavesdropped on each other all the time. Usha was widely regarded as kind of odd; maybe somebody had been curious enough to listen in. Teddie hoped so.

******
Uncle Jeet threw his morning newspaper down next to his breakfast plate and gave a snort of derisive laughter. Ashmita tried to clean quietly on the other side of the room and attract no attention to herself.
“What is it dear?” his wife Riddhi asked.
“This feminism thing has gone entirely too far,” he said.
“Of course it has, dear. But what now?”
“Now we are so terribly worried about the self-esteem of girls that we are letting them rename themselves.”
“You mean the government is actually taking away the names given to them by their fathers?” Riddhi was indignant. She and Jeet had one grown son, and she would have been fighting mad if anyone had dared to try to change the name that Jeet had given him.
“Yes, well, apparently the name Nakusa is no longer acceptable. Dozens of girls in the Satara district are being allowed to pick their own replacement names now. What will be next?”
“Doesn’t Nakusa mean unwanted?” Ashmita asked meekly, then immediately regretted opening her mouth. 
“It does indeed and the girls probably were unwanted, frankly,” Jeet said. “Now we have to live in a world where we pretend otherwise? Why?” Jeet glanced past Ashmita and saw her five-year-old daughter standing in the doorway, waiting to talk to her mother.
“I tried to talk your husband into naming that fourth one Nakusa, you know. Fourth daughter in a row? I could not think of a better name. In fact, I think I’ll start calling her that now.”
He looked hard at the little girl. “You have a new name. It’s Nakusa. If you answer to anything else I’ll have you beaten. Do you understand me?” The little girl ran from the room crying while Ashmita stood silently and glared at her brother in-law.
“Riddhi, I need to speak to my brother’s wife privately about some other family matters. Would you run along dear?”
“Of course.” Riddhi took a last little sip of her morning tea, gave Ashmita a sort of vague smile and hurried out of the room to go somewhere. Ashmita supposed it was shopping. Again.
“This whole nonsense with renaming girls reminds me that there is virtue in the blunt speaking of the truth. Do you not agree, dear sister?”
Ashmita looked him in the eye but said nothing. Jeet gave another snort of a laugh.
“You’re smart enough to hold your tongue, I’ll give you that.” Jeet paused a moment, just long enough to enjoy watching the first glimmer of fear creep into Ashmita’s eyes. Ah yes. Now she realized where this discussion was going.
“Ashmita, you owe me far more money than you can possibly repay. You and your brats require more out of my pocket every day than you put back into it, and as your daughters approach the age of marriage they are only going to cost me more. This puts me in a foul temper, and good man that I am, I will certainly slip at times, like I did just now and take it out on your children. A man cannot help himself.”
He took the last bite of his crumpet. “This is just a bad arrangement for everyone. If only, if only there was a quick and easy way for you to repay your debt to me and even allow for me to give you a stipend with which to travel back to your family in Mumbai if you wish, or for you to start over somewhere else. If only such a situation existed.” He gave Ashmita a long hard look.
“Don’t even think of it,” she said.
“I could of course just sell Bhadra. They do buy them that young, you know. Poor Bhadra wouldn’t even understand what was being done to her, would she?”
“She’s eleven. You wouldn’t.”
“Of course I would. And I probably just should and be done with it. But I have learned recently that a sixteen-year-old virgin will actually fetch considerably more money than an eleven-year-old. One must pay for the fact that an older virgin is more rare. I could sell them both of course, and maybe together. Some men do like sisters, I can’t imagine why.”
Ashmita was staring at him aghast.
“But you are family, and luckily for you I am a man who has a sense of honor. I would rather not sell a child. On the other hand, Usha is a young woman. She is entirely capable of doing what young women do and I rather suppose that she can learn to do it reasonably well.” At the thought, Jeet made a little face of pleasure. Ashmita charged across the room at him. He grabbed her wrist before she could strike him and then laughed.
“Don’t get yourself hurt, dear sister. You need to know that Usha already has a buyer and the deal has been made. He is quite impressed with her age and virginal status and intends to treat her well. He has paid handsomely for her and he wants her immediately. He will indulge her. It will be almost like having a rich husband, really. Meanwhile, you can thank me for arranging this and then take your other children and make a safe life wherever you choose. This should be a very easy decision.”
Another pause for a bite of food. Then Jeet dabbed at his lips. “Or you can defy me and pretend like you do not know where Usha ran to, and let me instead sell off each of your other daughters one by one to far less savory buyers. Usha would have a good life. Do you know anything about the kind of men who like five-year-old girls?”
At the last question Ashmita thought she might faint. She sat down hard in a chair and put her head in her hands.
“Think about it. This man is not particularly patient. I told him that Usha could be easily retrieved from her school. I never guessed that she would take off on the run for no apparent reason.” Jeet gave Ashmita a meaningful glare. “Now I need to find her quickly. So, by tonight, you and I will have an arrangement one way or another. Oh, and please get me some more tea. This cup has gotten cold.”
With that, Jeet picked his paper up and went back to reading.

******
Darjeeling celebrated the holidays of most of the world’s religions, but none more fervently Diwali, the five day Hindu celebration of the victory of light over darkness. Teddie had heard of it back in Texas as the Indian Festival of Lights, and in 2011 the lunar based holiday occurred at the end of October. 
Houses were cleaned and decorated in anticipation and even the school had gone to extra efforts by creating rangoli, the beautiful traditional designs made out of colored sand and flower petals, in their main hallway. Shopping areas had been busy for days as gifts were bought for the traditional exchanges. Most students from India went home for this holiday, and all students who remained on campus were given time off to enjoy the festivities. Teddie had been told that the fireworks displays alone would be amazing.
With no family or friends nearby to join in celebration, Amy suggested that the girls join her on Friday, the main central day of the festival. Haley would be back from her class on Thursday night, and all three of them could tour the town with Amy, maybe grabbing the dried noodles known as wai-wai from a street vendor while they admired the candles and lights that now lined the roads. Then they could go out for a dinner, enjoying some momo, the steamed dumplings with spicy tomato sauce for which the area around Darjeeling was famous. Teddie had been a picky eater back home, but she had gone from being highly suspicious of the local food to becoming a big fan, and the chance to eat somewhere off campus was a coveted privilege. The girls agreed immediately.
Many restaurants had closed for the day, however, so they finally ended up at a small Chinese restaurant, hoping to finish eating before the serious fireworks displays began. They had just found a place to sit when Teddie looked up and felt a chill of fear. The tall, well-muscled East Asian man who had been the only one able to see her at the bus station the night that Usha ran away was sitting less than twenty feet away from them and looking right at her. He was dressed somewhat differently, but his build and stature made him unmistakable. 
Teddie’s first fear was that she was dreaming again. If I can’t tell when I’m awake or asleep I’m going to be crazy pretty quickly, she thought. Then she remembered that she had also seen the man as she and Michelle were leaving the train station, and that time had not been a dream. So okay. This guy existed.
Amy must have seen Teddie’s look, for she followed the girl’s gaze and muttered irritably, “No. Not here. Not today.” Teddie felt a flash of relief. Amy saw him too. That was good. 
“You mean the dude over there who looks like muscle for the Buddhist mob?” Haley laughed.
“Yeah, him. He’s not from Darjeeling, but he’s made his way onto my radar twice before.” Amy thought for a minute. “Once in a bulletin involving an underage girl and a hotel in Indonesia, and another time when I saw taped footage of him as I was dealing with a local girl who had gone missing.”
“He doesn’t seem menacing,” Michelle said reasonably. “I mean, he’s just sitting there all by himself, eating food like we are.” Michelle shrugged, then looked right over at him and gave him a little wave and a big grin.
“Don’t do that,” Teddie hissed. 
“Don’t you think you’re overreacting a little?” Michelle responded.
“I’ve seen him twice before too, Michelle, and once, well, Usha was there.” Teddie hoped that she could get away with leaving it at that.
“Did he pay special attention to Usha? Say anything to her?” Amy perked up at this last piece of information and, of course, persisted with the questioning.
“Sort of. I mean, he paid attention to Usha. He didn’t say anything.” Teddie was trying to walk a fine line between raising appropriate suspicions about a guy she thought deserved those suspicions and not wanting to give information that would make her sound crazy.
“Where were you guys? Was I along?” Now Haley was curious, too.
“Uh, no you weren’t. We got permission to run out and buy me a couple of things I needed. We were just off campus for a few minutes. You were doing some mountain thing.”
“When exactly was this Teddie? Tell me every detail you can remember.” Amy sounded very concerned. 
Great, Teddie thought. I am such a lousy liar. I should have kept my mouth shut.
“It was a few days before Usha disappeared. I don’t remember much about it.” Teddie knew that she sounded defensive but she couldn’t help it.
“It’s okay Teddie. No one is accusing you of anything,” Amy said. “But if there is a concrete way to link this guy to Usha’s disappearance, then I need to have it.”
“There is nothing concrete. Just, well, he gave me the creeps.” She gave Michelle a look that clearly said, You may think this guy might be okay, but I don’t. “I don’t remember much about it and I’m sorry that I can’t tell you more.” There, Teddie thought. That was honest and safe to say.
“Okay,” Amy said. “Look, he is already a suspect in the world of trafficking young girls. But if I call the police today, in the middle of holiday like this, I’m guessing he’ll be long gone before they get here. So let’s just get out of here and go see some fireworks.” She turned to Michelle. “And please stop smiling at him.”

******
Usha had begun to think fondly of Bela, who was generally confused but always kind and generous. Over the three weeks that she had been there, Usha had fallen into the role of a younger female relative, scrubbing Bela’s back for her when she bathed and braiding her long hair faster than Bela’s own aged and arthritic hands could. Many times the woman called Usha other names, and Usha guessed they were the names of the woman’s own daughters, or maybe her sisters too. Usha never corrected Bela; she just replied with soothing words and tried to care for the woman as best she could.
So Usha was torn when a new friend at school invited her over to spend the night and to celebrate the main feast of Diwali with her family. How wonderful it would be to do something so normal. But how could she leave Bela alone on such a holy day? She broached the subject with Bela early in the week, and it was clear that the elderly woman had little idea what time of year it was. Usha thought sadly about how Bela’s own children were too far away to visit her. Would they at least call her? Usha hoped so. She finally decided to accept the friend’s invitation for Friday night, and then to make Bela a special dinner on Saturday to celebrate the holiday with her.
So she was horrified when she returned home on Saturday morning to find Bela crumpled on the front room floor. First Usha thought the woman had fallen ill, and she was filled with guilt. But as Usha rolled Bela’s body over she saw the bruises and marks. Someone had beaten Bela unconscious, and Usha had a horrible idea of who it was. 
She looked around the small home. It appeared the place had been searched none too gently, but Bela obviously had little of value, so it was hard to believe that this kind of mess had been done by thieves. Bela moaned and Usha hugged her with relief. She had to get the lady medical help. She had to get a neighbor to look after the mess in the house. And then she had to get out Gangtok as fast as possible.
The good news, if it could be called such, was that Bela hadn’t remembered where Usha had gone for the night. In fact, Bela might not even have remembered that Usha lived with her or who Usha was. That would be helpful. 
The bad news was that whoever had come seeking Usha apparently believed that they had a right to take her. Maybe they technically did. If they were determined enough to come to Gangtok for her, then they would find neighbors or classmates who would verify that she was here. They would keep searching for her.
Usha looked sadly at the cabinet in which she knew that Bela kept her meager money. God forgive her, she was going to have to steal again. What was running like this turning her into, if she could now be a common thief so easily?
I am just borrowing the money, she told herself sternly. The day would come when she would pay every rupee back to everyone, with interest. But the way things were going that might be a while. She hoped that “a while” would not be too late for Bela.

******
Teddie was in bed, exhausted but still wound up from the Diwali celebration and the odd occurrence over dinner. Usha’s bed, the one closest to Teddie’s head, lay empty still, and it was unlikely the school would have reason to fill it for the rest of the semester. Haley’s bed, the one across the room, had been empty for the past week but Haley was back and now snoring very softly. It occurred to Teddie that Haley had said very little about her second week of training and Teddie hoped that meant that it had gone better for Haley than the first week had. Michelle was sound asleep in the bed that nearly touched Teddie’s feet.
Usha, Usha where are you? Teddie wondered. Are you safe? As the words made their way through her mind, Teddie thought that she heard Usha’s voice in the hall. She stood up to go see, filled with a sense of happiness that her friend might have returned. But as she got to the door she noticed that all sound had stopped and she was floating, not walking. Damn. Not this shit again. At that thought she almost snapped back into her body, which she could clearly see huddled under her covers. But she didn’t. She stopped herself, although she had no idea of exactly how.
Okay, I do have some control over how this works. That is very good. Teddie tried to think calmly as she concentrated on hovering just inside her bedroom door. She looked back towards her still body and saw herself breathing. That was good too. Better yet, it looked like she was sleeping while she did this, which meant that no one who came upon her would have any reason to worry or be suspicious. 
So what would happen to her if someone tried to wake her? She briefly considered trying to wake herself but decided that would be entirely too creepy. She remembered all the times that she had popped back without warning. Maybe one reason for those quick returns was that her body thought that it needed her back. Good also. That meant that she wasn’t leaving herself in danger if she went exploring just a little.
Teddie wondered if she could open the bedroom door to go out into the hall. Would her ghost hands, as she thought of them, work in the real world? She didn’t think that they would. She remembered little four-year-old Teddie giggling as she passed right through Zane’s bedroom door. That was the way to do it. She moved up to the door, nervous and self-conscious. It was as impermeable as ever. Great. Did she need some sort of fairy dust or a magic feather to pass through walls?
Come on. If you could do it at four years old surely you can do it now.
And then the next thing she knew she was on the other side of the wall. Note to self. Don’t over analyze it. Teddie kept moving. 
She passed two teachers in the hall, and it didn’t surprise Teddie when the two women looked right through her. One of the young teachers must have come from around Patna, because her voice always reminded Teddie of Usha. So that was who she had heard in the hall. At the sad realization that Usha was not back after all, Teddie almost snapped back into her body again. But she caught herself. No. As long as this is safe, I wish to stay and learn a little bit more.
It sounded surprisingly like a command when she said it, and it occurred to Teddie that she had never commanded anyone or anything. Yet, whomever she was issuing this edict to, whether it was herself or the universe, it was listening and obeying. Very well. So far, so good.
I want to go to Usha and see if she is unharmed. It was a simple command and Teddie had no idea what to expect. But she began to move, not by force, but by what felt like her own choice, down the hall and out the door and down the street. Teddie had never been particularly comfortable with heights, so she was relieved that while it felt like she was flying, she was flying in just the manner that she personally would have chosen. She was skimming really, just maybe ten feet above the ground, close enough that if she fell she would be okay. She made her path down roads rather than over buildings, but she was certainly picking up speed as she went. It seemed like she was guiding herself, that a part of her that knew Usha’s location was leading the rest of her to where she wished to go. 
She was headed north towards the mountains, speeding now over the major road that leads out of Darjeeling into the Himalayas. Weren’t those some of the renowned tea fields off to the left? Teddie looked closer, and the next thing she knew she was standing in the middle of the tea field, examining the beautiful green tea leaves up close and personal. Great. She’d stopped moving and she had no idea of what to do next. She was stuck in a field.
She felt herself about to snap back. No. If my body is safe then I want to go to Usha and see if she is unharmed. With that, she was back on the road and moving again. This time she concentrated on not looking around and becoming distracted, and she picked up more speed as she went. Finally she found herself slowing back down as she entered a large city. Gangtok? She made her way through streets to a far edge of the town, where she found herself standing next to a small old pick-up truck parked outside of a little roadside hotel. Usha was sleeping in the back of the truck. Oh dear. Her friend was homeless, and had stopped to sleep in the relatively soft, warm hay that lined the back of a stranger’s vehicle. 
There was barely a sliver of a moon in the sky, but the east was beginning to glow softly over the green hills. Teddie knew that it was nearly dawn. Had she really traveled most of the night? She watched Usha start to sit up and rub the sleep out of her eyes.
A man came out of the hotel and headed towards the truck. Teddie looked around for a way to warn her friend. Was there anything she could do that Usha would see or feel or hear? She didn’t think so. 
But wait. The man’s mouth moved as he gave Usha a friendly wave as he approached. He seemed to have expected to find her there. Behind him came a woman and three sleepy children wrapped in blankets. The man carefully placed each child in the back of the truck next to Usha. 
The woman, holding an infant who was nuzzling to get fed, smiled at Usha in appreciation as she got in the front of the truck. So Usha was working as a nanny to get passage somewhere? Where? Teddie studied the plates on the vehicle. They looked very different from those in Darjeeling. BP4. Wasn’t that Bhutan? The truck took off slowly, heading east. Usha was going to Bhutan.
Teddie felt an unmistakable need to return. This time she knew not to object, and a second later she was safely in her bed, swatting off a fly that had landed on her nose. She sat up, wide awake as the sun rose, and knew that she had to find a way to tell Amy what was going on.


“
11. November 2011: Doing

By November, it seemed to Teddie that everybody had issues. Haley had still said very little about her second mountaineering class, but after the Diwali celebration was over she quickly turned surly and depressed. Michelle had finally gotten a chance to video-chat alone with her mother, and after the conversation she was every bit as hard to get along with as Haley.
Teddie had problems of her own. She was willing to accept that for whatever reason she had the capacity to do something unusual, maybe even remarkable. It would be nice if she had some idea of what it was she was doing, and if she had some control over when she did it. Granted, she apparently had a good bit of control once she got started, which was nice, but the starting part, which seemed a mighty important part, was random and unpredictable.
Teddie liked to think that if one of her friends came to her and said, “Guess what I can do?” she’d listen with an open mind. She wasn’t sure Haley or Michelle would be so receptive, so for now she was going to keep this to herself. Instead, she spent a lot of her time in class staring off into space, wondering what in the world made her able to take these odd journeys that were becoming increasingly common.
The three girls avoided meaningful conversation for days, until Michelle and Teddie dawdled over dinner one night and came back to the room to find Haley crying hard into her pillow, trying to muffle the sounds. As they entered the room, Haley covered her whole head with another pillow and told her friends to go away, which of course they knew better than to do. Her laptop was open and they took a look. 
Haley had been reading an angry blog post from a German college student who had been in Haley’s second climbing class. A quick glance made it clear that the boy was being pissy because a lone female had been allowed in and then had to be accommodated for all sorts of privacy issues. This post went from annoyed to outraged, however, when the boy described how said lone female had gone on to contribute to the vulgar commercialization of climbing by doing something as totally crass as posing mid-climb in a piece of lingerie for an ad. Dozens of others had responded with agreement, including several other students from the course. 
“The thing is that I agree with these guys. I feel the same way,” Haley choked the words out between sobs. “What they don’t get is I didn’t have that much of a choice. They just get to show up and be in any class they want and they always fit right in because they’ve all got the same body parts. No special accommodation is ever needed. They don’t have to choose between being a nuisance and not climbing. And nobody tells them they have to raise money to climb by posing in their underwear. No one even suggests it.” Haley grabbed a tissue and blew her nose hard. 
“Oh my god,” Michelle said. “Your uncle made you poise in your underwear?”
Haley rolled her eyes and scrolled down to the pictures of her hugging the rock face in jeans and a shiny satin purple corset thing that could not have looked more out of place.
“Sexy underthings for real women,” she muttered. “It’s going to be the latest Courtship Closet ad campaign.”
“You’re modeling for Courtship Closet?” Michelle sounded impressed.
“Yeah, but only if I’m willing to do so while trying to be serious about the sport of mountain climbing.”
“This guy has a lot of nerve,” Teddie muttered looking more closely at the photos. “He took these pictures himself. He complained about your being there, then pulled out his phone and captured several shots of you half-dressed, and then he posted zoom-ins on the internet and complained some more. I think somebody should tell him he has to give up climbing unless he does a rock face like this in his jockeys.”
Haley gave Teddie a grateful look. “Why does everything have to be so much more complicated if you’re female?”
“Maybe because males generally make the rules,” Teddie suggested softly.
As Haley turned to her laptop to close out the offending posts, Teddie turned to Michelle. “So what’s been bothering you? Nobody talked you into rock climbing in your undies, did they?” 
“No. And I don’t want to talk about it,” Michelle responded stiffly.
Haley chimed in. “Do you want us to wait until we come back from dinner and find you crying? Come on Michelle. You’ve been as pissy as I have the last week. What gives?”
Michelle sighed. “My mom and I finally had a long talk. She and dad are doing so much better and she wondered if, maybe, well, I’d consider staying over here for the whole school year.”
“Michelle,” Teddie exclaimed. “That’s great. That’s exactly what you were going to try to talk them into to begin with.”
“Yes, but,” and Michelle’s eyes started to tear up, “but I thought I’d have to talk them into it! I thought they’d beg me to come home. At least I thought that mom would. I don’t know, it never occurred to me that she might beg me to stay away.” At this last bit the tears started to come. Haley put an arm around Michelle. Teddie, who knew the whole Tran family better, didn’t know what to say. 
Once Michelle calmed down, she turned to Teddie. “You’re disappointed in my mom too, aren’t you?”
“Yeah, a little. But Michelle, we’re not there and we don’t know the whole story. Cut your mom some slack. She might be like Haley here, going up the side of a mountain in her purple brassiere because, odd as it seems, it really is the best choice that she’s got.”
Michelle nodded and Haley laughed. “And why have you been not so much yourself lately?” Haley asked Teddie softly. 
Teddie decided to stick as close to the truth as she could. “Me? I’m just having these dreams. Weird ones. About Usha and odd stuff, so I’m not sleeping well. I think I have some personal issues with this whole get-sold-into-prostitution thing that I’m probably not dealing with.”
Michelle knew all about the party Teddie had been stuck at two-and-a-half years ago and how her best friend had blacked out. She’d kept Teddie’s story to herself like a true friend, and she and Teddie seldom brought it up. But Michelle could put two and two together. 
“Maybe the school could give you something to help you sleep?” Michelle suggested.
“I’d rather not start taking stuff. Amy’s trained in counseling, so I’m thinking about getting permission to go over to talk to her.”
“That’s a good idea,” Michelle said, and Haley agreed. 
“Did you know that when honeybees mate, the male’s sex organs break off?” Haley asked.
“What?” Michelle said, looking confused.
“Yeah and when praying mantises mate, the female sometimes just goes ahead and eats the male while they’re having sex with each other. The funny thing is that he goes right on humping her even after she’s bitten off his brains.”
“That’s sick,” Teddie replied.
“That’s nature,” Haley replied with a shrug. “Sex is messy for all kinds of species. We just happened to get stuck in one that makes it so much more difficult on the female.”
“You want to be an insect?” Michelle asked.
“Maybe a sea horse,” Haley said. ”The guys get pregnant and give birth, while the ladies get to go run around.”

******
The ride into Bangkok while huddled in the back of truck was not the glorious entrance that Vanida hoped she would be making. The girls had already been told that they would be separated. Buyers preferred it that way. 
Vanida was dropped off second and greeted with a scrutinizing sweep of the eyes by Khae, her new owner. Khae was a large, coarse woman, and Vanida would soon learn that she was capable of acting even harsher than Pim on her worst days. 
Khae let her put her meager things in the dorm room upstairs that housed all the girls. What could Vanida say? It wasn’t exactly the living quarters that she had been led to expect.

******
Amy didn’t care who ran the show or even how they ran it, but sexually abusing those with no power to protect themselves was not acceptable. No matter how it was clouded in politics or couched in the religion of any group, Amy had no tolerance for it. She would say whatever she needed to say to those back home, but privately this was one battle she was never going to walk away from.
Unfortunately she could hardly hear Usha’s mother Ashmita. The woman spoke English well enough, but it was hard to understand her through her sobs. Ashmita was calling from the house of an old neighbor who had let her come over to use the phone. “I tell you nothing or I tell you everything. And if I tell you everything it is because I decide that you are a good person who will not act in ways that will cause my brother-in-law to hurt me or my children.”
“The last thing I want to do is cause you harm,” Amy assured her, but she was wise enough to know that harm could be done by the well intended, and that she might be making a promise that would be impossible to keep.
“Do not try to help Usha. You must promise me that. You and I must accept this. I am so sad, but now I must think of her three sisters.” And so out came the story of how Ashmita had been told to bring her daughter home from school but instead had sent her to an old family friend in Gangtok. How a worried Ashmita dared not contact Usha and so she never even knew if the girl arrived safely. 
Her most encouraging news had been when Jeet had pressed her for information on Usha’s whereabouts. That meant that Usha had gotten away from school safely and he did not yet have her.
Ashmita cried more as she told the story of Jeet’s threats to sell her other daughters, and of his assurances that an attractive, almost seventeen-year-old virgin like Usha would command an excellent price. He had been assured she would become the prized possession of the man who planned to buy her. 
“Yeah right,” Amy muttered under her breath, but realized that it was just as well that Ashmita did not hear her. 
“What would you do? Save one child or save three?” The woman had been forced to make a terrible choice, and Amy did not know how to answer. She went back to the facts.
“So after you told them about this friend Bela, Usha’s purchasers sought her out in Gangtok, and as far as you know they found her there?” Amy asked.
“I have not heard otherwise. But if she somehow did manage to escape, I am feared for Bhadra’s safety next. I think that Jeet will just take her and sell her instead. Can your organization protect us?”
“Yes. Quite possibly we can.” This was good. Amy had access to resources that could provide a safe house for women in danger, but the rules were fairly strict. If the woman was willing to leave the brother-in-law’s household and flee the area, she could become one of the small percentage of families that an organization like Amy’s could actually help. 
“You will all have to leave Jeet’s home, and for awhile you will be kept somewhere with no contact with anyone that you know. You will have to comply with that, Ashmita. I’ll give you a phone number. An address. Once you go there, even I won’t be able to contact you directly.”
Amy hoped that she was managing to convey to Ashmita what a serious step she would be taking. “You should go there soon. Don’t wait for news that Usha has managed to elude whoever they have sent after her because by then it will be too late to help Bhadra or you. Do you understand?”
There was a long pause. “I brought the children and a few things with me when I left the house this morning. Just in case. Give me the address. We will go there now.”
Amy’s heart was pounding. She might have managed to do some good today.
“I’ll call ahead so that they are expecting you. Ashmita, once I have given you enough time to get there safely, I am going to go back to trying find Usha.”
“That, that would be wonderful. If you do find her then you can tell her how sorry I am for what I did when I told them she was in Gangtok.”
“With luck, Ashmita, you will be able to tell her yourself. And you won’t have to apologize, because she will already understand.”
Amy decided to spend the rest of the day clearing up the most urgent matters on her desk, and then tomorrow she would drive up to Gangtok herself and see what she could learn in person. It would feel good to get out of town and go for a drive, and there was no one in Darjeeling who would miss her for the day.

******
The man in the bright blue silk suit stopped every passerby to offer them a discount. Only two hundred baht, only five dollars, to see at least eight acts from the laminated English menu he waived in the faces of everyone on the bustling sidewalk outside of the Sexy Lady Bar and Showroom. 
“PUSSY TRICKS,” it said in big, bold capital letters. Below, it listed two dozen acts starting with “PUSSY CRUSH EGG, PUSSY SHOOT DARTS, PUSSY LIGHT BULB, PUSSY DRINK COKE, PUSSY SMOKE CIGARETTES, PUSSY BLOW OUT CANDLES, PUSSY WRITE LETTER,” and even “PUSSY OPEN BEER BOTTLE.”
Elsewhere in world the reaction may have been shock or disbelief, but if people were walking through the Patpong district of Bangkok, they had come to see some of the most extreme sex shows on earth, or at least to watch others go in through the doors. They were not going to be surprised by hawkers on the street bragging about the tricks the women inside could do with their vaginas. 
“Tonight! We have new girl. Brand new, never on stage before. Very young!” the hawker yelled to a large group of Aussie offshore oil workers passing by and in danger of moving on to another bar. “She very good. Been training since six years old.”
One of the men stopped. “How old is she now?”
“Don’t know. Eighteen. All girls eighteen.”
“Yeah, right,” the man laughed. Then to his friends, “Let’s check out the new girl. She might be fun.”

******
Vanida was scared. All her life, or for as much of it as she could remember, she had trained for and looked forward to this day. Starting now she would be a woman, and unless Pim and Noi had lied to her completely, she was going to be allowed to enjoy some small amount of freedom with her new status. All she had to do was dance a little in her thong bikini, then shove the crotch to one side and put her special thick-handled pen into her vagina. Squatting over paper, she would write for the audience in her beautiful cursive like she had practiced so often. She would write them love notes, beautiful flowery prose that she had learned over the years, filled with phrases gleaned from the many romance novels that Noi had given her. The men would love it. And she would collect the tips. Easy money.
Just yesterday she learned that after her performance she would be expected to serve drinks in the bar, to give the audience the chance to ogle her and make comments. It was part of the entertainment. Okay, if she had to, she could do that too. 
Then today she had been given the tiny bikini that she was to wear. She asked about the tag with the clearly visible number on it. Twenty-seven. What was twenty-seven? Twenty-seven was her number, she was told curtly. Her number so that the customers could order her. Order her for what? Khae looked at her like she could not believe the question.
Did she not understand that the bar would rent her out to customers upon request? Of course she got an extra stipend when that happened. Vanida’s heart sank. Noi and Pim had not described this part of the job. She thought back to how Noi had stopped the rapes when she was thirteen, convincing Pim that Vanida’s sexual experience could wait until she was older. Well, now she was older.
When she came onstage to dance for the first time, the audience was bigger than it had been the day before, when she had been allowed to just watch. Yesterday there had been a few curious western couples and some shy young men. Tonight, there was a rowdy group of eight big, drunk males right in front of the stage. Vanida walked out to their hoots and froze. She barely managed the slightest of dances while the men hollered for more action. Khae gave her a steady disapproving glare. 
Then came the pen. She squatted over the paper on the small stage while the manager turned to the audience for requests. “She writes in English and she has great penmanship. Two-hundred baht and she writes anything for you that you like. Anything at all.”
“Have her write ‘I’m a hot slut who can’t wait to screw the guy in the red shirt,’” yelled a guy in a red shirt.
“Four-hundred baht for so many words,” the manager negotiated. And she gave Vanida a gesture that clearly said start writing. 
Vanida tried, but when she finished with the word hot, the pen squeezed out of her vagina. She was mortified. That had never happened before. She stuck it back in and got as far as finishing the “s” in slut before it began to ooze back out again. The manager started to come towards the little stage. Vanida took a deep breath. She needed to do this. S. L. U. The pen started to come out again before she could begin the letter T and she broke into tears.
“I’m not a slut. I’m not a slut you stupid man,” she said looking right at the guy who had made the request. Khae was standing next to her now, and she leaned down to slap Vanida hard across the face, sending her sprawling onto her back.
“Yes, you are slut,” she said to Vanida in English. Then to the man in the red shirt, “No charge. So sorry.”
Khae picked up the pen and paper herself and motioned to the girl who shot darts to come out on stage. Then she grabbed Vanida roughly by the arm and pulled her back to the bar.
“I’ll have you beaten later,” she muttered to Vanida in Thai. “Now you serve drinks. Go.” So a teary-eyed Vanida approached a sympathetic looking older couple to take their drink order. 
When one of the men asked for number twenty-seven, Khae was surprised. Maybe the man thought it would be fun to punish the girl himself? Should she permit it? At barely ninety pounds the girl would pose no threat to the customer, but there was a chance she could be harmed and her value reduced.
Khae shrugged. Best the new girl learn how to take care of herself now, otherwise she would be of little use anyway. 

******
Say what you will about the squabbling, the fact remains that the world’s religions often transcend their differences to provide asylum to individuals of any faith who are fleeing danger. Thus, when the young Hindu woman knocked on the door of the Buddhist convent in Bhutan, she believed that she would be granted at least temporary shelter. And of course she was. 
Usha waived to the Bhutanese family who had insisted on driving her as far as they could up the steep, winding dirt road, to the side of the cliff where the convent sat. She yelled one last “thank you” down to them before she bowed her head to the nun who greeted her. She went inside.
 Asylum has its costs, and Usha prepared herself for hard physical work, few creature comforts and far more silence than she had ever experienced. Nonetheless, she would be safe here. She would stay until they asked her to leave or until a better plan presented itself.

******
When Vanida was told that her number had been requested, she was sure that the man in the red shirt was going to exact his own revenge up close and personal. Would it be better or worse than what the manager was planning to do to her after the bar closed? Maybe she could screw the man in the red shirt really well and he would go easy on her. She wasn’t sure how a woman went about doing that, exactly, but maybe the man would give her guidance. It was worth a try.
But to her surprise a different man had asked for her. The men all sort of looked alike to Vanida, but this man wore a green pullover, and he had a gentler smile. Vanida allowed herself to feel just a bit of hope that she might make it through the night unharmed.
Even though the man took her back to his hotel room, he didn’t want to have sex with her. “Jack was going to buy you, and he can be an ass when he’s drunk,” the man explained with a shrug. “So I asked for you first. My name is Bill. I have a very nice girlfriend back home, I don’t do prostitutes, and I certainly don’t do children. How old are you anyway?”
“I don’t know,” Vanida answered honestly, “but I can pay you back for the money you spent on me. Come back in few days, I’ll have tips by then.”
“Honey, in a few days I’m back on a drilling rig off the coast of Malaysia. And the really sad thing is that I paid less for you than I did for my dinner, so don’t worry about it. Get some sleep.”
“You, you did this to be nice?” Vanida was considering the concept.
“Yeah, and I’ll even tell the manager at your bar how great you were and maybe she’ll have cooled off enough to leave you be. Is it possible for you to consider another line of work?”
“No. I belong to them. I have nowhere else to go,” Vanida said as she sunk into the softest bed she had ever slept on in her life. She put a pillow under her head and giggled with pleasure. “This is nice. Do prostitutes get to sleep this way all the time?”  

12. November 2011: Discovering

Teddie knew that she should have called Amy before she went over to the office, but she was so excited to have a pass to leave school and be allowed to go off somewhere by herself that she didn’t want to wait. The constant monitoring and need to stay in groups was one more thing that she hadn’t considered before she left for India. She knew it was for her own safety, but some days the whole arrangement made her feel claustrophobic, and she yearned to get into her very own little pick-up truck, all by herself, turn her music up loud, and just drive. The famous country song about heading anywhere, “Heads Carolina Tails California” played in her head over and over as she lurched along the crowded, narrow street in the over-packed bus. 
The employee at Amy’s small office was apologetic when she saw how disappointed Teddie was that Amy was gone. “She is chasing a lead on Usha and she is very excited. She made me promise to tell no one where she was going, for Usha’s own safety.”
“Can you even give me a direction she went?” Teddie begged, hoping maybe she could somehow intercept Amy.
“No, but she has left the city. She will not be back until tomorrow.”
As Teddie left, it occurred to her that the school expected her to be gone for a while and she could go shopping. Or go to the park. She could even, maybe, visit some of the little art galleries and street stands set up by local artists along Nehru Road. The last idea sounded especially appealing, and there was a city bus that would drop her off there. Maybe playing hooky for just an hour would improve her outlook.
She wandered around until her feet started to hurt and figured it was probably time to get back to school. She walked over to the mall with the idea of treating herself to a soft drink, and she was sitting at the little tables set aside for food court patrons when she saw him.
He was at the other end of the court, and he was staring at her intently. She looked away quickly and pretended to busy herself with something in her purse. Out of the corner of her eye she saw him stand up to his full six-feet-plus height and felt her heart start to pound. Now he was walking in her direction. Teddie felt dizzy with fear and looked around surreptitiously for a stranger who might be willing to help her. There was an older woman to her left. Teddie got up to go talk to her, but as she stood up quickly she felt even more light-headed, and then she felt herself start to fall as she began to faint.
Teddie stood over her own collapsed body, confused. Was this another variation of those dreams? She looked up. Everyone else in the food court was ignoring her and looking instead with varying degrees of curiosity and alarm at her unconscious body lying on the floor. The woman to her left that she had been hoping to go to for assistance was quickly gathering up her parcels to leave, not wanting to get involved. She wouldn’t have been such a good choice for help, apparently.
Only the large man in the robe was looking right into her eyes. Into her awake and aware eyes, that was. He gave her a short, solemn bow of his head, then jumped into the air and turned a perfect double-forward somersault, landing on his feet just like the girl and the boy had done in the snow. Not a soul in the food court seemed to notice him.
As the strangeness of the situation began to sink in, Teddie felt herself getting light-headed again. Suddenly, she was lying on the cold tile floor, watching a security guard walk rapidly towards her. The man in the robe was nowhere to be seen, and Teddie knew that she had to find a way to figure out what was going on.

******
Haley now dreaded the final training session that she had to attend at the climbing school. This last class was the two-week advanced course, offered only to those students who had shown acceptable aptitude. The good news about this session was that it was open to both men and women, and so Haley would be asking for no special favors by just being there. Also, it would involve serious climbs from which she would undoubtedly learn.
The bad news was that the post of her wearing her purple lace climbing cami, as it had been dubbed, had pretty much made it around the mountaineering circuit. Her dad had received multiple copies from people he had climbed with over the years, along with comments that ranged from the sympathetic to the downright nasty. After one particularly unpleasant email sent to both of them, he called Haley to make sure that she was doing okay, and to assure her that he would personally vet all of her Uncle Steve’s ideas from this point forward. Haley knew from past experience that this promise was as much of an apology from her dad as she was ever likely to get.
Her mom, on the other hand, got on the phone to tell Haley how she looked gorgeous in the photos and ought to ignore all those horrible people. Haley didn’t argue, but just wished silently that her own mother had more than a one-dimensional understanding of the interplay between the sexes.
The twenty-two men and three other women in the advanced climbing class were polite enough to not comment aloud on the cami incident. As Haley worked hard to prove herself as an unassuming, yet capable climber, most of them slowly warmed to her. True, there was a group of four guys from Argentina who would often joke to each other about her in rapid-fire Spanish, and Haley caught enough tones and words to figure out that they were teasing each other about having sex with her. It seemed to be an ongoing joke that none of them grew tired of. She’d never studied Spanish, but she had gone to a high school with a fairly large Latino population. These guys didn’t get that just about the only Spanish she did know was the kind of words they were using when they talked about her. 
Two of the women were fairly cold to her at the start and got only frostier as the rest of the group grew friendlier. Haley guessed that they not only took exception to her choice to do the ad, but also resented that she wasn’t easier to dislike. For some reason, the women’s growing animosity bothered Haley even more than the Argentinians’ ongoing smutty remarks.
Diane, the fourth woman in the group, was taking the class with her husband and tended to socialize with him and his friends. One evening after dinner she sought Haley out.
“Buy you a cup of tea?” she offered good-naturedly. 
“Once I get back to Denver I’ll be fine with not having tea for about three years,” Haley laughed.
“Yeah, they do drink a lot of tea in this part of the world, don’t they? Hey, I couldn’t help but notice that there aren’t a lot of social opportunities in this group for a single woman. Just wanted to let you know that you are welcome over at our camp stove any evening.”
“Thanks. A few of the guys have made the same offer and I appreciate all of it. I’m pretty good with just being by myself though.”
“Well, don’t mind Leah and Charlotte over there,” the woman said sympathetically pointing to the frosty duo. “Some people are just born with broom sticks up their butts, you know?”
“I know. There are so few of us that do this, though, that I’d like their respect.” Haley realized that was the problem as she said it.
“You’re not going to get it,” Diane shrugged, “anymore than you’re going to get the respect of those four guys from Argentina who can’t stop talking about your body parts and who think none of us speak Spanish.” 
Diane was a cute petite woman who looked older up close than Haley would have guessed. She squinted at Haley like she was trying to figure out if Haley knew something. Finally she said, “There are people, sweetheart, both men and women, who don’t like a pretty woman who is really good at something. They only start to like you when you fail.”
“I’ll pass on that kind of friendship,” Haley said evenly. 
“As well you should,” Diane agreed. “Beauty plays to the deepest insecurities in both genders, you know. And as for a particularly capable mountain-climbing female who tries so damn hard never to behave badly and looks good enough to model lingerie? Ha. Give me break. You probably would fare better if you would let yourself act a little bitchier once in awhile.”
“Oh I can be bitchy,” Haley laughed. “Trust me, I can. I just think that people need to be their best on a climb. It’s dangerous enough without adding human drama, you know. My dad taught me that ahead of anything else.” 
“He sounds like a smart man. Too bad more people don’t think that way,” Diane said nodding towards Charlotte and Leah. “Come over to our camp if you get lonely.” Then she added with a grin. “Tomorrow, I think I’m going to start talking loudly in Spanish. I might even yell comments to you about the Argentine guys’ bodies. Listen for it, it should be fun.”

******
Teddie was pretty sure that the school monitored all of the students’ internet use, and she could understand why. However, it limited her own ability to learn more about herself without raising concerns. She wished she hadn’t wasted the time yesterday goofing off, because it was going to make it even harder to get a second pass to leave school today. Of course, if she hadn’t been at the food court to begin with, she also wouldn’t have such a terrible sense of urgency about figuring out what it was her body was doing.
She was such a bad liar. But she sucked it up and told the counselor how she had waited an hour yesterday for a busy Amy to return and had been asked to come back this morning. The counselor looked peeved.
“We have nothing but respect for the work of that organization, but this is too much school for you to be missing. Can I not help you with something?”
“You could of course,” Teddie said kindly, “but she has now cleared her schedule for me.”
And so Teddie showed up again.
“I told you she wouldn’t be back until late today,” Ana, her flustered employee said.
“I know,” Teddie smiled kindly. “I was just hoping that I could use your internet for awhile, to, well, search on some sensitive female issues that I’d rather not do at school.”
“Okay.” Ana looked dubious but let Teddie sit down at Amy’s empty desk and connect her own laptop to the organization’s Wi-Fi. “Can I maybe help you with some information myself?”
“Thanks. But no.” Teddie gave the woman her best vague smile and waited for her to leave. Then she typed, “floating travel dreams” and up it came. OBE. Out-of-body experiences. That was what Teddie was doing. 
Apparently there were websites and books devoted to the subject, and a few quick clicks revealed stories of hundreds of people doing this. Or claiming to do this. Or thinking that they did this. Teddie wasn’t sure where reality ended and fantasy began as she skimmed accounts that ranged from believable, at least to her, to the ridiculous. But she was sure of one thing. This absolutely, positively described what happened to her. She did not think she had ever been so hungry in her life to learn more about anything.
She quickly found more facts to keep her going. A lot of people called these out-of-body experiences “astral projection,” but astral projection was actually something quite different. Astral projection involved visiting other spiritual planes removed from this reality. Teddie frankly did not know if she believed in other spiritual planes or not. That was a problem for another day. But by learning more about astral projection, she learned more about out-of-body experiences in general.
There were several experts in the field who wrote and lectured on the subject. Teddie couldn’t tell from a quick look whether they were scam artists laughing all the way to the bank, or sincere but functioning delusional people, or those like herself. Then she found an impressive and well designed website maintained by a body of researchers who claimed that one out of ten people had some type of out-of-body experience, but that, in fact, all were nothing more than lucid dreams. Oh. 
A lucid dream meant the body was asleep and the conscious mind was awake, apparently a possible combination. It involved nothing metaphysical. Teddie had to admit, a little sadly, that of course that sounded like a plausible explanation for both astral projection and the OBEs. They were dreams so real that the person thought that they were happening. But they weren’t.
However, that raised several important questions. Did this mean that at key times in Teddie’s life, including yesterday at the food court, she slipped into some narcolepsy-type sleep? Just out of the blue like that? If so, did she maybe have some kind of medical condition? And was her subconscious assigning bogeyman tendencies to a harmless man only because he was a big strong male with what Teddie’s subconscious surely perceived as an exotic appearance? In that case, Teddie needed to be very careful when it came to making any sort of accusations. 
It also meant that seeing Usha buying a ticket to Gangtok, and later riding into the dawn in a truck with a license plate that said PB4, were not clues to her friend’s whereabouts at all. They were Teddie’s subconscious mind trying to make sense out of a frightening series of events involving a friend. Perfectly understandable, but she had to resist sending limited resources in the directions chosen by her dreams, because if this last website was right, they were just that. Dreams. 
At the end of two hours of research, Teddie knew that she had to get back to school or risk getting both herself and the absent Amy in trouble. But now that she knew words to describe the experience, she could learn more. Look in libraries. In bookstores. Maybe she could get her sister Ariel to find books online for her. Ariel might find Teddie’s sudden interest in the metaphysical odd, but Teddie thought that her sister would help anyway.
After more research she would decide if the most likely explanation was still that it was all just dreaming. No matter what she found out, she would at least have a greater understanding of herself and her own body. Teddie left the office feeling better than she had in weeks. Maybe better than she had since, well, since she was four years old. 

******
Amy got back later at night than she wanted, and as she parked her car to drop some items off at the office before heading home she was conscious, as always, of the need to mind her own safety when alone after dark. Sometimes she wondered what it would feel like to live in a world where an unaccompanied woman didn’t have to be just a bit afraid, especially at night.
She thought sadly of the older woman Bela who had given Usha shelter for weeks. Clearly the elderly lady should no longer be living alone. Bela remembered lucidly enough that two men had come to her house asking about someone named Usha, but when they didn’t find this person they kept questioning the old woman about where Usha was. Bela said that she tried to tell the men that there was nobody named Usha but they would not believe her. 
Amy guessed that the men must have thought, at least at first, that the old lady was trying to be a hero. They beat Bela up seeking information. But the sad fact, and one that they must have realized eventually, was that Bela had truly forgotten about Usha. She kept telling the men that her daughter was visiting her, and Amy supposed that was what Bela believed.
The hospital said a girl called for an ambulance the morning after the beating but that the girl wasn’t there when they arrived. Amy guessed Usha had found Bela, called for help, and then fled. But to where? She was a young girl completely without resources, and likely to have to turn to prostitution, the very thing that she was running from, in order to survive.
Before she left Gangtok, Amy gave Bela’s daughter, who had arrived the day after Bela was hospitalized, a list of local resources for her mother. One of Bela’s sons was flying in tonight, and Amy hoped that the family would come together and find a way to see that Bela got the care that she needed.
Amy was lost in these thoughts as she fumbled with the lock to get into the darkened office, and she jumped when she heard a noise behind her. Two men emerged out of the shrubbery, blocking her from the sidewalk. They were large men, older and well dressed in modern suits. They didn’t look friendly.
One reached out and grabbed onto her lower arm very firmly and squeezed hard. She gasped at the audacity of the stranger’s uninvited touch.
“This is a warning,” he said softly. “We choose to allow you to go about your business, because you add to the illusion that our business is on the decline. We prefer that this illusion be widely accepted. You are useful for this.”
“Who are you?” Amy asked.
The man ignored her. “However, there occasionally are situations in which your involvement is inconvenient. We have one of those now. You need to tell me that you understand this message and that you will find a way to exit from this particular case.”
“What case?”
“The girl called Usha. She has been sold to a powerful man, an associate of ours, who has decided that he will accept no substitute. He gets that way sometimes, and when he does he must be accommodated. You will not interfere any further. Do you understand?” He squeezed her wrist harder until it hurt.
Amy jerked her arm towards the man’s thumb, the way she had been taught in self-defense classes. “You’ve got to be kidding. I don’t give up on anybody. Ever,” she said as she pulled her arm free.
The man seemed almost amused at her stunt. “That would be a poor decision,” he replied. “Reconsider.” The two men turned and walked away before Amy could say another word.

******
Teddie was worried when Amy was particularly subdued the next time that she saw her. Even Amy’s normal electric-colored patterns were missing from her clothes, and she hastily shoved wilting plants off of her desk as Teddie sat down. Teddie felt silly intruding with her own trivial problems.
“I’ll make this quick. I know that you’re busy,” she began apologetically. “I just thought that you might have some ideas. I’m not sleeping well and I’ve been having these weird dreams since Usha left. I think I have more issues with this than I’m admitting.”
“Let’s start with the dreams. Weird, how?” Amy focused on the young woman in front of her as Teddie described dreams so real that she swore they were. Amy heard about Teddie’s belief at first that she was homesick and sleepwalking, and then heard about the pre-dawn trip to the bus station behind Usha.
“It was so detailed. I watched her take out a wad of rupees she stole from me and Michelle and buy a ticket to Gangtok.”
“Why was she going to Gangtok?” Amy asked sharply.
“I’ve no idea,” Teddie said. “These dreams are like reality, except everything is absolutely silent, and I can’t touch or feel or move things. I only know what I can see. She buys a ticket—I watch her buy a ticket. That’s all I know.”
“Did you try talking to her?” Amy persisted.
“No one can see me or hear me. I’m like a ghost. That’s how I figured out that I wasn’t sleepwalking.”
“Okay.” Amy seemed disappointed. “I agree. If no one could see you, it was a dream. So why Gangtok?”
Teddie shrugged. “I guess she had to be going somewhere.”
“Not really,” Amy disagreed. “She had to have said something to you earlier, or you overheard something and you forgot it. Maybe you didn’t even consciously know you heard it.”
“Why do you think that?” Teddie asked.
Amy sighed. “Because she did go to Gangtok. That’s where I was yesterday.”
Teddie felt a tingle that passed from her feet all the way up to her head. “In that case, if my subconscious is really that clever, would you like to hear about the dream that I’ve had since then?”
Amy hesitated. What were the odds that Teddie had more real information? Not high. So would she be helping Teddie or doing her a disservice by encouraging the girl’s fanciful dreams? Maybe Teddie would benefit from a small sense of power that she was helping her friend, as long as the fantasy didn’t get out of hand. 
“Tell me.”
Amy heard all about the truck with the BP4 license plate driving into the dawn with Usha huddled down into the hay in the back. The story made so much sense. Amy had to hope that it was somehow true, even though she hardly believed that Teddie Zeitman had prophetic dreams. Maybe the girl had overheard something again somewhere that her subconscious was processing?
Secretive, remote Bhutan had to be one of the safest places in the world for a young girl to be alone. Half the country would take her in as a guest and care for her, which was one of the many good reasons why the country let almost no one past its borders, including the denizens of organized crime. 
Maybe, in this case, a lone girl had slipped in. Amy could only hope. 

13. December 2011: Seeing

Pavel sat alone in his office, finishing some minor paperwork. Life had been entirely too much work and not enough play lately.
He allowed himself the little indulgence of getting out the box of his most precious possessions, and he studied her picture for the hundredth time. He had put her in his very special box but, sadly, she still was not his. That needed to be remedied. Clever girl, she had run off to where even her uncle could not find her, and her own shrewd mother had gone into hiding as well. He studied her big eyes and the long ponytail, thinking of the fun he could have making her cry and beg, using something as simple as her own long hair. 
Perhaps he should purchase another. Nandi had been keeping his eye out for a good substitute, but none had become available. Hadn’t Pavel chosen to hunt the great baboon not only for its size and strength but also for its cunning? He liked them smart. This particular kind of prey came smaller, yet an intelligent one like her could be far harder to defeat than even the great baboon. Pavel smiled. This little virgin had already provided him with so much entertainment. He needed to finish this hunt.

******
Amy invited Teddie and Michelle to meet her over at the food court on a Saturday in early December, offering to treat them to some non-school food and an update on the search for Usha. Haley was away at her final climbing class and Teddie considered asking Michelle not to come, thinking she might try to engage Amy in the personal conversation she had hoped to have with her days ago. As she saw the eagerness on Michelle’s face, however, she changed her mind. They both could use an outing. They had such little freedom compared to girls their age back home.
Amy seemed more relaxed than she had been the last time that Teddie saw her. Usha’s mother Ashmita and Usha’s siblings had made it through the process of relocation by Amy’s agency. Their whereabouts would remain secret for as long as it was deemed necessary, and the goal would be eventually to get them out of hiding and back to Mumbai near Ashmita’s family.
“Did you girls know that centuries ago all widows in India, even those who still had young children, were encouraged to burn to death with their husbands’ bodies?” 
“Yes. It was called sati. They burned them alive. I read about it,” Michelle said. “What a horrible custom.”
“Both the woman and her husband were promised great things in the afterlife if she committed sati,” Amy said. “It’s illegal now and has been since the eighteen-hundreds, but by tradition widows still get less freedom of choice here in India, often even from their own relatives. India is a nation very much in flux, trying to leave behind the worst of its past and to reconcile its better traditions with life in a modern world. For instance, Ashmita’s family came from what would once have been considered lower caste. Yet most of her family is well educated and they have fairly modern ideas.”
“But Usha’s dad’s family didn’t like the lower caste wife from Mumbai?” Teddie guessed.
“Exactly. Ashmita’s family will welcome her back and help her in her widowhood, but we want to make sure that we keep them hidden until we know that Usha’s Uncle Jeet has given up on the idea of trying to sell Usha or anyone else.”
“But what about Usha? Where is she?” Michelle asked.
Amy answered that she thought that this might have turned into a case where no news was good news. “Although we don’t know where she is, I’m pretty sure that she was promised to a particular man, and he can’t find her either. We have to hope that he will give up on her and move on. I’ve circulated Usha’s photo and description over a wide area, to colleagues of mine who can be on the lookout either for her direct sale or for her just turning up as a prostitute trying to stay alive.”
Teddie and Michelle winced at the latter alternative.
“I don’t think that she ever would do that,” Michelle said.
“I know that you don’t,” Amy said softly. “But until you have been very hungry and cold for a long time yourself, it’s best not to judge. Okay?”
The girls nodded solemnly. Amy went on.
“Because everyone I can think of has been asked to keep an eye out for her, and she hasn’t been spotted anywhere, I hope that means that she has found somewhere safe to hide.”
“Like maybe a farm somewhere in Bhutan?” Teddie asked.
“Maybe,” Amy smiled. “We’re not ruling out anything.”
Then the softness in Amy’s eyes disappeared and Teddie saw anger begin to flare. Amy was looking past the two girls at someone behind them. She stood up like she had absolutely had enough, and without hesitating she marched across the food court to the large man in robes who was once again sitting right where he had been when Teddie fainted. He was again watching them.
“I don’t know who the hell you are, but you leave me alone.” Amy spat the words out so loudly that Teddie was a little embarrassed, even though frankly she felt the same way towards the man.
“Stop sitting around and staring at girls. What you people do is despicable. I don’t know if you are an advance spy for the group, or what you are, but you should be ashamed of yourself. Really ashamed.”
The man watched her, looking surprised at first, and then confused. Teddie wondered how well he spoke English. Finally, he seemed to understand who she was and what she was talking about. He started to smile.
“This is not amusing. You go tell your people that I am not afraid of them and I intend to never back down. Never. Do you understand that?”
And with a glare Amy turned around and walked back to Teddie and Michelle.
“Sorry,” she muttered. “I’ve gotten some threats recently about what I do. I guess it’s surprising this hasn’t happened to me sooner. Anyway, I’ve had it with being afraid and I’ve had it with that creepy muscle man following me around.” Amy put her head in her hands and didn’t look up for a minute. “I lost it with him, didn’t I?” she finally asked.
“Yeah,” Teddie agreed.
“But he did get up and leave,” Michelle said.
“That much is good,” she laughed. “I’ll consider getting him out of this food court for now to be small victory. So how about some ice cream?”

******
All his life the boy Jampa had occasionally noticed others far away who moved in second bodies like his own. They were always older and kept their distance, and he let them be. If his sister Noom was with him, he noticed that she ignored these others too. 
Then for reasons he didn’t quite understand, several weeks ago Jampa called out for another playmate, wanting to make a new friend. A western girl had answered his call, and Jampa saw that she shared the same gift as he and Noom. The two of them had tried to play with her, but it seemed that this western girl was very inexperienced with the gift, and she left soon after she came.
Shortly after that, something changed with Noom as well. Now when he called for his sister, she often would not come. When she did, she seemed distant and didn’t want to play. Was she older? Sadder? Jampa could not quite define the change, but he thought that it was not a good one. 
Tonight he felt this western girl’s tug. It was much like Noom’s, but far less compelling, and he was surprised that another could effectively call out to him. Very well. He chose to respond, only to find that Noom too had been invited and had come also. 
The westerner did a couple of cartwheels, proudly showing them her new-found control, and then she gave them a friendly wave and left. It made perfect sense to Jampa that such an interaction was all she wanted. He waved back, then turned to Noom hoping they might once again play together. Up close, he saw sorrow and shame in Noom’s eyes. Had she done something wrong?
They had never spoken to each other, for there was no sound in the world where they met, and he had never thought that they needed to speak. But this night, he realized that he had to find Noom. He had to find her in the world in which he could ask her what was wrong and he could hear her answer. 

******
Teddie was in bed, about to put her ear plugs in, and she could tell from the sounds in the room that both Haley and Michelle had fallen asleep already. Ariel had been persuaded to buy Teddie some books on out-of-body experiences, and she had promised to bring them with her when she came to India to visit for the Christmas break. 
Teddie’s current working theory was that she was merely a lucid dreamer, because that was the easiest thing to accept. Nobody really projected outside of their body. That left the whole Gangtok thing as somewhat baffling, but…
… But, Teddie was open to learning more. As much as it was hard to share such a small sleeping space with two other girls, it did have the advantage of eliminating the fear factor. You know, being scared of things that went bump in the night. Teddie had pretty much outgrown that, of course, but if one was going to go messing around with metaphysical theories, well, it was nice to have two sleeping friends close by.
So here goes, Teddie thought. She squirmed around in her small bed until she was completely comfortable, then she started with the simple relaxation exercises that she had read online. Really, it was a lot like the yoga class she’d taken with Ariel one summer. Start with your toes. Totally relax your toes.
Teddie had only made it up to her thighs when she started to feel the sort of tingling she’d come to associate with this type of experience. “It’s just a dream. I am in control. I can do what I choose.” She repeated it softly to herself just like the website suggested as she made the conscious decision to swing her dream body into a sitting position and then attempted to stand. Her real body, for lack of a better term, lay relaxed in her bed, to all appearances asleep. Her dream body, however, apparently preferred floating to standing, and so she let it float, rising a little off of the floor but not too high.
She thought about her last journey to see Usha and how it had taken most of the night to get there. Usha was even further away now, and Teddie did not want to spend a whole night racing along mountain roads. Well, if this was a dream, there should be more options for travel.
“I’d like to go see Usha please,” she said. “And I’d like to get there quickly.”
She waited expectantly and nothing happened. “Please,” she repeated. Nothing.
“Let’s go to Usha now,” she said, summoning a bit more authority.
And then she was moving fast, very fast. Her body avoided most obstacles, occasionally passing through the outer edges of objects that she didn’t completely miss. She couldn’t hear or feel the wind on her face, but she had to be going at least as fast as a car on a highway. A low flying one, like the flying cars in old cartoons about the future. That was it. She was in her own very fast, very safe, very quiet flying car, only there was no car and she wasn’t driving, and now she was slowing down.
She was standing outside of a very lovely stone and stucco building, high up on a cliff, looking down on a pastoral valley in the moonlight. Beautiful, stunningly beautiful by any standards. Matter-of-factly she turned to the nearest side of the building and walked right through the stone wall. This lucid dreaming stuff was way better than real dreams, Teddie decided. In a dream, who knew what weird shit would have happened? 
Filled with confidence, Teddie floated inside and kept going right through walls until she found herself in a room with a handful of younger women all sleeping on the wooden floor. Assorted blankets lay over and under them, and they looked warm and comfortable. Along the far wall was Usha, sleeping peacefully.
Teddie wished that she could wake her friend, give her a hug of comfort and tell her that one day soon it would be safe to go home again. But knowing that such was not possible, she simply turned and floated back out. 
The night and the view were so beautiful that she hated to leave. Feeling a bit silly, she tried the cartwheel again that had set her careening down a road with two kids watching her in moonlight a few weeks before. This time she held her dream body with more control. She turned two mid-air, perfect cartwheels and finished with a gymnast’s pose. Whee. She wished those two kids could see her now. She tried it again. Yes. What a shame she didn’t know how to find them. One more time. Then she turned and saw the two kids sitting on nearby rocks watching her.
What were they doing in her dream? She guessed that it didn’t matter. It was a plenty big dream universe with room for everybody. She gave them a friendly wave and then thought firmly to herself, “I’d like a quick and quiet return home.”

******
Haley returned from her two-week advanced mountaineering course in considerably better spirits. In spite of bringing schoolwork with her, she was now way behind in classes, but at least this course had brought no incidents. By the end of the two weeks she had even become fairly good friends with Diane, the older woman climber, and with Henrik and Hans, two climbers from Norway in their thirties who hoped to join the Kanchenjunga expedition as well.
Teddie and Michelle listened with interest as Haley described the two American women who had continued to snub her and the group of Argentine men with their ongoing bad behavior.
“So did your friend Diane really start talking about them in Spanish like she said she would?”
“Sort of,” Haley laughed. “At one point one of the men yelled up to his friend that he should help move me up a rock face by putting his hand on my butt and pushing, and Diane had enough. She was standing next to him, and told him in pretty good Spanish that she rather thought his butt was cute too and she’d be happy to give his hind quarters a push also once they were climbing. Then she repeated the conversation in English for everybody.”
Haley laughed. “I wish I hadn’t been hanging on to a cliff when she said it and could have seen his face, because I heard later that it was pretty funny.”
“Oh good for this lady,” Michelle said.
“Yeah, the whole tone of the group changed after that. The guys backed off and by the end one of them kind of even apologized to me, saying they’d never meant any offense.”
“And they probably didn’t,” Teddie said. “I bet you that not one of them thought once about how all their elbow-jabbing and pointing made you feel.”
“Yeah, too bad it took somebody like Diane to cool them down,” Michelle agreed.
“I wish I knew how to handle that kind of thing better myself,” Haley said, “but you know it’s a lot easier to act like Diane did when you’re forty years old and tough as nails. Of course if I was a blanket octopus I wouldn’t have this problem either. The females are about six feet long, you know, and the males are only a couple of inches in size. He basically detaches his penis and sends it crawling along by itself inside her and she doesn’t even notice.”
“Did you write a paper or something on bizarre animal sex habits?” Michelle asked.
Haley grinned. “Thanks to climbing I miss a lot of school and get to do plenty of independent study projects. Might as well pick something interesting, huh?”
“So did you get the grade you needed from the climbing class?” Teddie asked.
“I think so,” Haley said. “I need them to give me an A, pure and simple, and they pretty much told me I’d get one. They haven’t posted the grades online yet, though.”

Later that night the grades were posted, and Teddie and Michelle came back from dinner to find Haley starring at her laptop screen with tears streaming down her checks.
“Oh no,” Teddie murmured. “It’s okay, Haley.” She didn’t know what else to say.
“No. It is okay.” Haley was nodding as she cried. “They gave me an A plus—the only one that they have ever, ever given for this course. The instructor says here in the evaluation that my mountaineering skills are exceptional and reflect years of training beginning at a young age, but more importantly that my ongoing determination to work hard and ignore multiple distractions and difficulties has impressed the school greatly. He added that any climb would be lucky to have me as a participant.”
“Lucky to have me. Lucky to have me.” Tears were streaming down Haley’s face by this point. Both Michelle and Teddie engulfed her in a hug.
“We promise not to tell all those tough guys that you cried when you found this out.” 

******
The luxury car was parked right in front of the agency’s door just a little before noon. A small Indian man wearing a very nice suit was at the wheel. Amy looked at him through the window. He showed no signs of getting out of the car. Instead, he alternated between tapping his phone and scanning a newspaper while drinking something out of what looked like a thermos cup. He was parked legally. Amy decided to skip lunch and then to reschedule a minor afternoon appointment just because something about the guy had her intuition on red alert. 
Now it was getting near quitting time. She walked up to the window and looked at him more closely. He definitely wasn’t the Buddha muscle man, and he was too small to be either of the two goons who had threatened her the other night. Well, there were plenty of other people in this town with reason to wish her harm. Maybe one of them had picked today to act on it.
One of her employees tapped her on the shoulder and Amy jumped. “Sorry, Ana. You startled me.”
“Is that man parked outside making you nervous? Do you want me to go see who he is?”
“You noticed him too? Don’t be ridiculous. I wouldn’t dream of putting you at risk.”
Ana laughed. “I’m not going to get near him I promise. Watch.” Ana picked her cell phone up off of her desk, walked outside, stood on the sidewalk about fifteen feet behind the man’s car and snapped a photo of the license plate. She gave the man a friendly little wave and walked back inside. “Why not make him nervous too?” she said simply.
The police had assured Amy often enough that she should call anytime she felt threatened or thought that her agency’s efforts had put her in danger. They seemed sincere. Very well. She reached for her own phone to at least call and report the license plate, and she jumped when the phone rang in her hand.
“Do not call anyone,” the voice said as she answered. “You are in no danger from me. I drove up here all the way from Patna hoping to have a face-to-face conversation with you, and yet I do not wish to come into your office. I am waiting patiently outside for our business discussion. Oddly enough, you seem to have no appointments today. You are going home sooner or later are you not?”
“I’m calling for a police escort,” Amy said evenly.
The man laughed. “The police have better things to do. If you won’t come out, then I will converse with you by phone while I look at you through the window. I have made a business arrangement with a rather powerful gentleman who has not given up on acquiring his prize, although he is becoming tired of waiting. He tried leaning directly on Jeet to produce the treasure, but after some conversation it has become apparent that Jeet has no idea where this gem is hiding.”
Amy’s heart sank. The buyer had not gone away. 
“Jeet and my purchaser think that you don’t know where the girl is either. We’ve seen the feelers you people have put out. Clever child. Where has she gone? This particular client of mine likes a smart girl and he enjoys a good game of cat and mouse. As long as it doesn’t drag on too long that is.”
“There is nothing I can do to help you,” Amy said evenly.
 “Oh but there is,” the man replied. “You have managed to complicate his game in an unfair way and he has asked me to get involved to fix that. You broke the rules when you went and hid the very people who could provide my client with some leverage over the girl. You do know where the girl’s mother is, don’t you?”
No, actually she didn’t, but Amy decided to keep that information to herself for the time being. “The mother can’t help you either. She doesn’t know any more than we do.”
“No, but who is the first person the girl will get in touch with once she thinks it is safe?” the man asked.
“Well, it would probably be her mother except that her mother is in hiding and cannot be reached,” Amy said.
“Exactly,” the man replied. “Exactly. You and I need to remedy that, and we need to work together instead to make this mother very easy for the girl to find.”
“Go to hell,” Amy said. And she hit the red end call button hard.

******
With the winter winds Jampa had been forced to move his meditation indoors. He sat on the cold stone floor and let his thoughts find a natural stopping point before he quieted them completely and moved on
The girl Noom. Obviously, she was experiencing trouble. As were billions of people in the world, he reminded himself. Feel compassion for all. 
Yes, Jampa wished to love them all, to help them all as best he could. Assigning Noom a greater importance, or convincing himself of the conceit that only he could help her—both ran counter to the teachings he embraced with all of his heart. 
Yet. Yet the Buddha taught that one must question. One must seek one’s own path. It was true that common sense and wisdom in the seeking of that path were highly recommended, but one need not necessarily deny an impulse that appeared to lead in a correct direction at that time and that place. 
Jampa needed to find his sister. He needed to do so here, on this earth. He was sure of it. Only then would he be ready to resume his unique journey toward enlightenment.  

14. December 2011: Disappearing 

Usha knew that it was silly, but she was so glad that the nuns did not require her to shave her head. She was being housed with several other young women, most of whom were studying for and hoping to become lifetime eight-precept holders, which meant that they would take vows to not kill, not steal, not have sex, not lie, not drink, eschew music and ornamentation, always sit and sleep on the floor, and to fast each day after lunch. Several of the girls had eagerly shaved their heads, even though they would not be permitted to wear the robes of the Buddhist nun until they advanced past the precept holder stage and on to the ordained state of novice.
Women here, Usha learned, were not permitted to advance further than novice while men in the same situation could go on to attain full ordination. Usha thought sadly that the concept of women as only marginally human apparently transcended religions.
Usha was more than willing to join these girls in the chores, and even willing to spend time each day with them in study and contemplation. She enjoyed studying anything, frankly, and she found the contemplation soothing. And if learning more about Buddhism made it easier for the convent to justify keeping her and caring for her, then that was a trade that she was more than happy to make. For a while at least.
The caring family who had given her the ride had gone southeast from Gangtok and traveled the winding, narrow mountainous roads in India until they entered Bhutan at the closest of its two entry points at Jaigaon. From there they had driven the main road up to the capital Thimphu and headed east for a very long way, finally dropping her off at this convent that they insisted would be the safest place on Earth for her. 
It still amazed Usha how, when this family had seen the fear in her eyes that night in Gangtok, their only reaction had been to think of how they could assist. Usha had not been prepared for how far strangers would go to help her.
Now, she wasn’t sure exactly where she was, but Usha knew enough regional geography to place herself somewhere deep in the eastern half of Bhutan. Definitely remote. She was picking up local phrases quickly while managing to get by with the meager English spoken by some of the nuns. The truth was that she could probably stay here safely for the rest of her life. And these kind people would let her do so. 
The only problem was that, while Usha was grateful, and happy to be safe, to her this wasn’t living. It was resting. It was hiding. It lacked noise and vitality and emotions, and it also lacked boys which eventually was going to be a problem. She wanted life as she knew it, with a husband and a family some day, where she could be Usha, the kind of person she was.
And because wandering around homeless with no job and no skills was never going to be a good idea either, she needed a better plan than staying and an even better plan than leaving. She wished that she could talk to her mother. Her mother would have some ideas. 
Usha wondered how many weeks she would have to wait before her uncle would give up and it would be safe to go home. Would four weeks be enough? Six? Did the convent have a way for her to get in touch with her mother? How soon would be too soon to ask?

******
Amy went at the problem of helping Usha every way that she could think of. She had started out by asking her local law enforcement contacts to push the police in Patna to find out who Usha’s Uncle Jeet might have dealt with in the very beginning. The police in Patna remained unhelpful, and Amy suspected that someone in their ranks was protecting this procurer of young girls. So Amy had gone on to ask contacts at other human rights agencies to look into likely purchasers for Usha. As the fall months wore on, she got no helpful responses.
Once she provided the license plate that Ana had photographed, however, one agency reluctantly came back with a name. A certain businessman from Patna named Nandi had been suspected for a long while of being a very high-end dealer in virgins for rich clientele. Nandi had stayed below the radar of most law enforcement because he dealt in such low volumes and he had friends in such high places. 
Furthermore, he nervously protected himself by running a one-man business. As a middleman he had no need for muscle. He fretted over every professional detail himself, considering no job beneath him in spite of his expensive tastes. Anyone who could possibly turn on him was already guilty himself by being a customer.
Amy was assured that a case against Nandi was slowly being built already, but it was going to take a great deal of care because the man was so careful and had too many influential clients. She studied his picture and confirmed that this was the man she had spoken with. She was told that the fact that Nandi even had a direct conversation with her regarding one of his business transactions was evidence of how secure he considered himself to be.
Amy was disappointed but not surprised when the agency asked her to please to be patient and let this lead alone. Not only would Amy put herself in danger if she made a fuss now, but anything Amy did would risk messing up the already ongoing investigation. In due time, her testimony would be added in and would be invaluable.
Amy sighed as she hung up the phone. No, she did not want to get herself hurt. And no, she did not want to muck up the efforts to bring this pathetic man down. 

******
His teacher smiled with understanding when Jampa entered the room, his shaven head bowed and his meager clothing items bundled together on his back.
“You have decided to leave us?” the old man asked.
“I am free to go, am I not?” Jampa replied.
“Absolutely. I would guess that you are off in search of your roots.”
“Yes, teacher. It became clear to me today that I must make this journey before I am ready to travel further down my spiritual path. I leave here with gratitude for all you have done for me, and the hope that I will someday return.”
“You will be welcome if you do,” the man nodded. “We wish you well on your journey.” He waited for what he was sure would come next. And it did. 
“Teacher, do you or the others here know anything else about my history that could help me?”
The bald old man smiled wider, showing the many missing teeth inside his mouth. “You were brought to us ten years ago by a trading caravan coming from the east who felt you could not live up to their work expectations. But you know this already. They told us you were eight years old at the time, but we thought six was more like it. Did I ever mention to you that they said you had been a captive? Cared for briefly by various women in a village until your captors could sell you? We were worried that you might cry for your mother. We felt that they were telling us the truth.”
No, Jampa had never been given this last piece of information and he was quite sure that his venerable teacher knew it.
The old man went on. “You did not cry for a mother. However, you cried for someone else. Very often at first. A name we did not know, in a language we did not recognize.”
Jampa had a very vague memory of this now. He had cried for Noom in his sleep. By another name. Long ago.
“Do you think I would go east to find this person?” Jampa asked.
“What do you think?” his teacher said.
“I think I need to go somewhere with more ferns and greenery. South would be better.”
“Then you should go south. Safe journey Jampa.”
“Thank you, venerable one. Thank you.”

******
Haley shared the good news with her family across the twelve-hour time difference, and two days later Haley’s dad called the school back with even better news. The team that was preparing to ascend Kanchenjunga in May had contacted him early to extend a conditional invitation to Haley to participate in the climb. 
“Conditional?”
“Two things,” her dad said. “The first one I kind of expected. It’s my fault Haley. I needed to keep a tighter rein on your Uncle Steve and I didn’t. They ask that you not embarrass the sport by participating in any ad campaigns before and during the climb. Your Uncle Steve’s visions of photographing you in lingerie at the base camp is totally out.” Haley breathed a sigh of relief.
“They acknowledged the need of all climbers to raise funds and even went so far as to note that the sponsor pool for a seventeen-year-old girl is going to be different and they understand that. You are of course free to raise funds after the climb any way you choose. I thought that they were very reasonable.”
“Can we afford to do it this way, dad?”
“Probably not,” her dad said. “So your mom and I are looking into some short-term loans. Once you get off the mountain, we’re probably going to need you to take the lingerie contract after the fact if they’ll still have you.”
Haley said nothing. 
“The other condition causes a little more concern,” her dad went on. “This started out as a traditional climb, with a full support team from locals and animals to transport gear almost to the summit. There is a move within the group to break away earlier than usual and finish it as an alpine climb, with less cost and less of a footprint on the mountain. You haven’t had to climb with oxygen before, and you’d have a lot of weight to lug up there with your hundred-and-twenty-pound body. So of course we are going to accept the invitation, but I want to monitor the evolving logistics plans. You’re not going up there unless this is something that you can do.”
“Dad, I can do alpine climbing. That’s what I’ve done all my life.”
“Yeah, but not at twenty-eight-thousand feet. We’ll talk more about this over Christmas, Haley. Which brings me to the last thing. That school over there isn’t cheap and now that you’ve gotten the invitation to join the climb already, well, your mother and I don’t see the need for you to stay. We’d like to take you out when you come home at the end of the semester. You can workout and keep in shape better over here, too.” 
“But I don’t want to come home, dad. I love you and mom, but here I get to look at Kanchenjunga every day. And she looks back at me. I know that sounds silly, but, I like it here.” Haley realized it was true as she said it. 
Her dad sighed audibly. “I was afraid of that. You get attached to a mountain, don’t you?” He said it with understanding. “I’ll talk to your mom and your uncle, but no promises, honey. This whole venture is on a tight budget. You’ve got to work with us.”
Haley put the phone down sadly and walked back to her room.
“What did you dad want?” Michelle asked.
“They want me to come home for good at Christmas and go back to school in Denver.”
“What? That sucks. You’re giving up on the climb?”
Haley laughed. “No. I guess that I should have told you the good news first. I just got invited to join the climb.”
“What?” Teddie gestured through the walls towards the glistening peaks that all three girls knew were on the other side. “You got your invitation and you’re really going up there?”
“I did. And I am. All the way to the top.”

******
It was the last week of school before the Christmas break started on Friday, December 16. Each of the girls was almost done with end-of-semester tests and papers, with only a couple of more deadlines left. Michelle had mixed feelings about her three-week trip back to the U.S. during the winter break, and Haley was determined to talk her parents into letting her come back to India for the next semester. Since August, Teddie had been counting the days until Sunday the eighteenth when her parents would arrive from Texas, brother Zane from Chicago and Ariel from London. The Zeitman reunions tended to be lively affairs, and if it happened at no other time during the year, they all five always managed to be together at Christmas. 
Teddie knew that there would be nice hotels, and fancy meals out, and presents her mother would have insisted on hand carrying all the way over. Then Zane and Ariel would go back to their lives as grown-ups, and Teddie would go back to Texas with her parents and be a regular junior in high school. She’d get to wear her boots and jeans to school again, drive her truck to any fast food restaurant that struck her fancy, and get to blare her country music as loud as she pleased while she did so. 
But the country song she heard in her head as she thought about it was “You’re Gonna Miss This.” Damn. 
Now that the prospect of all those wonderful things was so close, she wasn’t nearly as excited about it as she once had been. A piece of her now was of Indian spices and silly, British-looking school uniforms and brightly colored weaves and noise and bodies closer together than any Texan would like. She enjoyed the strange way her classmates made English sound so exotic. A part of her looked at Junga every day, and even though she wasn’t going to climb it herself, a piece of her was of the mountain. She didn’t know how to say it plainer. A part of her had nestled into Darjeeling and gotten comfy, and now wasn’t so anxious to leave. 
The Tuesday evening before the semester break, any interested students of the Lord Peartree Academy were being permitted to go on a field trip to shop for Christmas presents if Christmas was a tradition that they kept. Back in October everyone had found a need to go shopping for Diwali and, not surprisingly, everyone in the school now remembered one or more relatives who had converted to Christianity and needed a gift. 
Teddie, Michelle and Haley were all unwilling to let the sorrow of the coming separation overshadow the fun of being allowed on a school outing to the local mall. The students arrived in buses, laughing and talking as they dispersed, while teachers shouted instructions about when to return and where to meet. 
Haley wanted to buy her father a nice shirt that showed the Himalayas on it, and she separated off from Teddie and Michelle, who each wanted to buy their older sisters some locally made earrings. At the crowded earring store, Teddie found the perfect pair quickly, but Michelle couldn’t quite find what she was looking for. Finally an impatient Teddie asked if it would be okay if she went to join Haley to shop for a shirt for her own dad. 
Michelle waved her on. “Now I’m trying to decide if I should buy my mom a pair too. I’ll catch up with you guys in a little bit.”
Teddie found Haley, and they wandered off to get ice cream after buying the shirts, figuring they’d run into Michelle at the food court. When she didn’t show, Teddie started to ask other girls in the same grade about Michelle. Nisha had seen her while shopping for earrings, but after that no one had seen her for a while.
Teddie wondered if her friend was more bothered than she was letting on, perhaps disturbed about going home to visit parents who seemed to do better when she was gone. Maybe Michelle had stepped out for air and some time alone. They weren’t supposed to do that of course, but Teddie could imagine how the piped-in Christmas music and the crowds of shoppers could have left Michelle needing a break. On impulse, Teddie wandered over to the front door of the mall and looked out at the parking lot. 
Though Darjeeling had only a small percentage of practicing Christians, the mall had embraced the secular decorations of the season. The crowded parking lot boasted big plastic candy canes on every light post. Parked under the nearest candy cane was a rusted-out van of a color that must once have been called “white,” and it was in plain view. As Teddie came out of the main entrance to the mall, the van started its engine like it had been waiting for her. Slowly it made its way into the parking lot traffic and pulled up to the entrance like it was going to offer her a ride.
Teddie assured herself that she was just being paranoid and surely the van’s driver was picking up someone standing behind her. She almost turned around to look when she saw Michelle sitting in the passenger seat of the van. Duct tape covered her mouth and her eyes were wide with fear. The van paused until it was clear that Teddie had seen her friend, and as Teddie jumped towards the vehicle, thinking she could fling open the passenger-side door, the van took off with a squeal, sending angry pedestrians scrambling out of its way. 
Teddie ran after it as it picked up speed, weaving through open spaces between parked cars. As the van started to put distance between them, she screamed for help. Several baffled shoppers tried to catch up with her, not knowing what was wrong but hoping to assist. She kept running, but by then the van was at the edge of the parking lot, where it turned into traffic and was gone. As a last hope, Teddie looked for a license plate as it turned and saw that the van had none. She screamed in fury. 
Why would someone take Michelle? Teddie tried hard to steady her breathing, to think clearly. She needed to get to the police. Notify school authorities. She didn’t know where to start.
The first teacher Teddie found didn’t believe her. Teddie kept insisting that they had to get the police immediately because minutes mattered, while the teacher kept insisting that the girl she saw probably wasn’t even Michelle and to please calm down. Finally Teddie took off in disgust to find mall security herself, and the teacher followed. 
By the time the police actually started searching for the van, no such vehicle could be found. Michelle was confirmed to be most definitely missing from the mall, and Teddie was asked to come to the station to make a statement. She was more than happy to do that, of course, and that’s where she ran into Amy.
“Oh, Teddie, I am so sorry.” Amy was covered in a copious soft aqua gauze outfit that under other circumstances would have mesmerized Teddie, but all Teddie could see now was the worry on Amy’s face. “This is my fault. I should have handled it better. I had no idea these people would stoop to this.”
“What people? What are you talking about? This has nothing to do with you!” And then Teddie realized that it probably did.
Amy explained that a couple of hours earlier a boy had hurled a brick through the window of her office, with a note taped to it that simply said, “Her mother. Now.” Amy thought that the vandalism had been the threat and had remarked loudly to onlookers that it was going to take considerably more than a broken window for Amy Levitt to do anything to put a young woman in danger. 
The boy was identified by several neighbors, and turned out to have been just a local kid who had been well paid to show off his cricket arm while two men he did not know watched from across the street. The boy was sorry, but he could really use the money the men had paid him. Amy asked the police not to press charges.
Then Amy’s office had received a call from a totally different department within the police force letting Amy know that a young American woman had gone missing. Given Amy’s network of resources and the girl’s nationality, any expertise Amy’s group could offer was certainly welcome.
“As soon as I got the call, I made the connection. And I knew it had to be one of you girls, because that’s how they could make it personal.”
“We have got to get Michelle back.” Teddie said it softly but she meant it with more determination than she had ever meant anything in her life. “And we’ve got to find a way do it without giving them Usha.”
“Teddie, it looks like Usha has got some crazy man after her who is willing to go to great lengths to find her. I got a threatening phone call a few days ago and I hung up on the man. Before I did he said enough to let me know that capturing Usha has become a game to this man now, the sort of game he relishes. Never mind that he has all the power, money and resources to do anything he wants, and she has absolutely nothing but her own wits. It still constitutes some sort of warped sport to him.”
“Usha does have resources,” Teddie said evenly. “She has us.” Amy smiled at Teddie’s naive optimism but the smile never made it from her mouth up to her eyes. 

******
Michelle’s father arrived in Darjeeling just twenty-four hours after his daughter went missing. He had already contacted the embassy, Interpol and several agencies in the State Department. His daughter was not going to become a statistic. He was angry, and Teddie suspected that half the anger was directed inward. The man behaved poorly, apparently very poorly sometimes, but Teddie knew that he still loved Michelle in his own way. Teddie had spent enough time at the Tran household to see that some genuine affection had managed to co-exist even with the level of dysfunction. 
Amy was completely upfront with Mr. Tran regarding the friendship that had emerged between herself and Usha’s roommates and her suspicions that Michelle’s kidnapping was directed at her. 
“That’s easy then,” the man blustered. “Get those scumbags in contact with the girl’s mother and get my daughter back.”
When Amy hesitated like she was trying to figure out how to explain a difficult concept to a child, the man cut her off before she could start.
“I’m not asking you to trade another girl for my daughter,” he barked. “I’m not the monster here. I just want to trade my daughter for the illusion that this man is getting what he wants. Then once we have Michelle safe we can watch the mother. Warn her. Protect her. Whatever if takes. She doesn’t have to lead them to Usha. If it’s a matter of money, my family can help with the expenses. We get Michelle’s safety with the pretense of playing along. That’s all.”
He could tell from Amy’s expression that his pleas were not even being heard.
“Why not? Why the hell not? Wouldn’t you do that if it was your daughter?”
“I would,” Amy said evenly. “And I would do it for your daughter too. In a heartbeat. And that is why I haven’t been told where Ashmita and her children are and it has been handled in such a way that I cannot find out. Those emotionally involved in a case are not allowed to know where a family is hidden. Too many variations of just this sort of thing happen.”
“Well then get your agency to work with me on this.”
“They won’t. They can’t.” Amy said it sadly. “Mr. Tran, if they did, every time this nefarious underworld group wanted something, they’d just grab somebody’s daughter. In fact, anytime anyone wanted something, they’d take a hostage if it would likely get them the results that they wanted. It’s a sad fact. You get the behavior that you reward. Reward hostage-taking with compliance, and you get more hostage-taking.”
“Oh for God’s sake. This isn’t ‘some hostage,’ it’s my daughter.”
“It’s always someone’s daughter or son. Father or mother. Brother, sister, husband, wife that you endanger once you start to play this game.”
“I’m talking to your boss myself,” Mr. Tran said.
“There is another thing,” Amy said evenly. “We have no reason to think that Michelle is a hostage. There has been no offer to give her back if we comply.”
Mr. Tran looked shook by that news. “But that makes no sense. What the hell is she if not a hostage?”
“I think that she’s a warning, Mr. Tran. Of what they can do more of whenever and however they like if we don’t give them what they want.”
“You mean that she’s just gone?” Mr. Tran said it with more sadness that Amy thought she had ever heard in a grown man’s voice.
“Gone for now, sir. We are going to do everything possible to get her back as quickly and safely as we can.”
“Will, will they kill her?” he asked.
“I doubt it. That is the bleak good news, such as it is. I suspect they’ll move her somewhere far away from here and put her to work.”
“Work? Doing what?” As soon as Mr. Tran asked the question, he knew the answer.
“Oh my God. Oh my poor baby. Oh how did this happen? Oh my God.”
He sat down and put his head in his hands. Amy left him alone until he could compose himself. Then she would try to persuade him to go back home because there truly was nothing he could do for Michelle here. 


15. Christmas 2011: Celebrating

The day that Teddie’s family showed up in Darjeeling was a blur. Ariel sent emails from her cell phone. “We are all in Delhi.” “Boarding plane to Bagdogra soon.” That was good. “In Bagdogra, piling into hired car.” “Very small car.” “3 hours away!”
And then there they were. Hugging and laughing and pretending everything was alright for just a few minutes, because of course everyone knew that it wasn’t. It had been just five days since Michelle had disappeared from the mall parking lot, and Teddie had cried more than she had in years. Haley had hardly left her side, as the girls instinctively stuck together for safety. 
Teddie’s mom and dad had seriously considered cancelling the entire vacation in India. In fact, their first thought had been to just get Teddie home on the next plane, but Teddie herself had persuaded them to let her take her last exam and finish out the semester. After all, the school had been given extra police protection and no students were allowed off campus now, other than to go home for the break. She was safe.
Once everyone had calmed down a little, the Zeitmans decided that Teddie was probably right. Ultimately she would be better protected if she were traveling home with them. Given all the tickets and reservations, they would go ahead with a modified version of their planned vacation and then get their daughter home under their own watchful eyes. 
They were a happy but nervous little group the first night at the lovely hotel situated with a view of the mountains. They stayed together and ate in the hotel restaurant, and as hotel security made several obvious passes by their table, Teddie was all too aware that everyone knew of the situation. Room arrangements had been modified into a two-room suite. Mom and Dad in one room; Zane on the couch and Ariel and Teddie sharing a queen-size bed in the other room. Not the night alone Teddie had been promised and had longed for, but under the circumstances she didn’t complain. 
The family had also opted to hire a car and a driver, rather than rely on random cabs. The next morning Teddie and her parents rode over to Amy’s office while Zane and Ariel slept in. Instructions to not leave the hotel under any circumstances had not set well with the highly independent, older two Zeitman children, but the phrase “We don’t want our family to become part of an international incident” had been persuasive enough.

Teddie was nervous about things other than safety on the ride over. She wasn’t sure whether her parents would love Amy or hate her, and she wanted these important adults in her life to get along. Mom and dad did both have a little of that old hippie vibe about them, and Teddie knew enough about human nature to know that a common style could sow the seeds of friendship or of dislike. So she was glad to see her parents look right through Amy’s lime green and purple print kaftan and allow themselves, instead, to be reassured by the woman’s knowledge of her field and by the concern she clearly felt. 
“I know that the police and hotel are giving you extra attention, and I’m glad, but honestly the men hunting Usha are most likely to back off for a while now and give me a chance to try to find a way to comply with their demands,” Amy said. “Soon enough they are going to discover that I can’t get the information they want no matter how badly I want to.” 
As to what the kidnappers’ next move would be after that, Amy personally felt that a second kidnapping was unlikely. “I mean, if one kidnapping doesn’t persuade me to cooperate with them, why would two?”
 Amy added that she believed that her unseen adversary was much smarter than that. He had wanted to get her attention, let her know how seriously he took his little game. Now that he had achieved that objective—and he had—he would find another approach. She told the Zeitmans sadly that she was not looking forward to discovering what his next move would be.
As they were talking it occurred to Teddie that maybe she should consider staying in Darjeeling until Michelle was found. Maybe she could remember helpful information if she stayed here. Maybe she could even do her out-of-body thing and learn something useful, although it remained to be seen if what she dreamt bore any relation to reality. 
Usha buying a ticket to Gangtok had been real, she reminded herself. Maybe Usha going to Bhutan and sleeping safe in a nunnery had been real too. She did not know.
 Could she do something similar for Michelle? She had been far too agitated to even think of trying, so far. But maybe, over time, if she stayed here she would calm down and it would happen naturally. And then she could tell Amy, and Amy could find a way to get the information to the police without making Teddie sound like a flake. 
Of course, maybe she could do this from home as well. That would be considerably safer. But Teddie was dubious. For reasons she could only guess at, her time here in Darjeeling had focused and nurtured this skill, if it was a skill. She wasn’t sure she could keep on doing it back at home. What’s more, there did seem to be a spatial component to it. She traveled, and even when she traveled fast the travel took time. She wasn’t sure what her speed limit was, but she couldn’t imagine going back and forth from Texas to Asia. Helping Michelle in this way, if it was even possible, would be easier if she stayed in India.
As the three of them climbed back into their hired car, Teddie mentioned to her parents that maybe given all of Amy’s assurances about no second kidnapping, she should stay at the Lord Peartree Academy until Michelle was found. “Absolutely not!” They actually yelled it in unison. 
Her mother softened it a bit. “Your friend Amy is a capable lady, and yes, I do like her. In fact, I love all the plants that she keeps in her office.” Her mother smiled. “But there is no way I am willing to bet your safety on her being right about what some psychopathic crime boss is going to do next. We are going to have Christmas here. Then we’re going to travel to Delhi while not taking our eyes off of you. We’re going to take one side trip to see the Taj Mahal, and then we will all head home. All of us together.”
Alex was nodding. “If you left it to me we’d can the Taj Mahal too, but I got out-voted on that one. But let me be clear Teddie. While I could not be more concerned about Michelle’s welfare or more sympathetic to her parents and their plight, there is no set of circumstances that I can even imagine in which you stay behind here in India by yourself and we go home. Do you understand?”
Teddie nodded in return and had to admit that she was a little relieved. Bravery had probably never been her strong suit, and safe-at-home had a pretty good sound to it. Maybe the international police and agencies that were all way more skilled about this would just do their jobs and get Michelle back safe before Teddie even left. She desperately hoped so. 

******
“Wouldn’t it be simpler to just kill the girl?” Vasily asked, choosing to speak in Russian both for the privacy it provided and because it was easier for him.
“Yes, and no,” his boss replied. The two men were enjoying a light lunch at Pavel’s favorite table, the one by the picture window with the breathtaking view of the mountains. 
Pavel often left his home in the picturesque northwestern Indian resort town of Manali during the winter and vacationed in warmer climes, but so far this year he had preferred to stay put. The wife and children had been sent off to join his in-laws for two weeks of holiday in Turkey and he would only need to make a quick Christmas appearance for the sake of the children. He was really rather hoping to get his hands on this Indian girl during the time while his wife was away, so he could give the delicious situation his entire undivided attention for a few days. Wouldn’t that make for a delightful holiday?
Unfortunately, things were still not going as he had hoped. The wonderfully clever girl seemed, against all odds, to have found a safe hole into which she could crawl. For now. He would have found her without too much trouble if the crazy American bitch who ran the rescue society for loose girls hadn’t managed to tuck away the mother and siblings of his prize, removing his best hope for finding the girl quickly. 
Well, he had thought that he could solve that issue easily enough. Pavel had discovered years ago that a small show of his strength was generally quite persuasive, and he had sent two men to reason with the bitch. Unfortunately, the bitch’s agency had placed the girl’s family somewhere using a double-blind system. That was smarter than he had expected. Actually, it was exactly the way that he, Pavel, would have handled it, because now, no matter how much he threatened the crazy American rescue bitch, she could not help him.
He wished he’d known that before nervous Nandi decided to remedy his part in the unfortunate situation by kidnapping this Yankee Vietnamese girl and then deciding to hand-deliver her himself.
“What the hell did you bring her to me for?” an incredulous Pavel had asked Nandi when he drove all the way to Manali with the girl locked in trunk of his car. 
“I drove here to give you your money back personally and to give you this as interest. I take care of my clients, always. Here. Use her, enjoy her. Maybe she is leverage for you to get the girl you really want because, now, they are properly afraid of you in Darjeeling.” 
Pavel had not been pleased. This boneheaded move on Nandi’s part had brought far too much attention to both of them. But what was done was done. Maybe Nandi was right that instilling a little general fear into everyone involved would work to his advantage in ways he could not predict.
“So why not kill her?’ Vasily persisted as they finished their lunch. “You don’t want her. She’s useless.” He was talking about the American girl of course, in which Pavel had no interest and who now sat bound, gagged and heavily sedated in a walk-in closet in a vacant rental home in Manali.
“Because if she is dead, we know that she is useless,” Pavel said. “If she’s alive, it remains to be seen. Get her out of here, far away from this town. In fact, get her to Southeast Asia where she looks like the other girls and won’t stand out. We have a business in Bangkok, send her there. I do not—repeat, do not—want any trouble to come from this one. Make sure that you don’t lose track of her, just in case she turns out to be any kind of bargaining chip down the road. Now go. I need some peace and quiet to drink my coffee and think about what to do next.”
“Okay,” Vasily sighed. He had been looking forward to killing the girl. 
Pavel, who knew him too well, admonished him as he started to leave. “I don’t want you or any of your goons laying a hand on her either. I’ve told you before. Your guys do not know the meaning of the word restraint.”
“Plenty of others gonna lay hands on her where she’s going,” Vasily muttered.
“Yeah well most of them don’t like to do so many things that leave marks,” his boss glared back. “I mean it, Vasily. Get her to Bangkok where she can earn her keep and be out of our way. If we can use her, we’ll bring her back.” 
“Yes boss.” Vasily thought sadly that power did strange things to men. There had been a time not that long ago when Pavel not only would have okayed the kill, he would happily have joined his men in the fun. 

******
 “Turn around and smile for a family photo,” Ariel said, tapping Teddie on the shoulder. They were bundled up and standing together at the town’s beautiful sixty-foot-high Peace Pagoda, an obvious place for a great picture. “That nice man offered to take it,” Ariel chirped as Teddie turned, putting her arms around her sister and her mother as she posed with a happy grin.
Teddie froze. The large, well muscled man in robes that held Ariel’s camera was all too familiar, and he gave Teddie a little wave as he said, “Smile.” The other Zeitmans giggled back at him and then thanked the man, but Teddie just stood, trying not to look terrified. Why would this guy not go away? It wasn’t until she watched the man hand the camera back to Ariel and look deep into Ariel’s eyes that Teddie’s fear turned to anger.
She waited until her family moved away, then she strode up to him. “Don’t you even think of hurting my sister.” 
“I would never hurt your sister,” he replied evenly. “I’m a Buddhist. I don’t even hurt insects.”
“Then why to do you keep following my friends? Why were you looking at her like that?”
“This has gone too far,” the man said when Teddie’s mom Lola turned around and saw that her daughter had separated from them and was talking to a stranger.
“Teddie!” Her mother screamed it, and half the people at the Pagoda turned to stare. “Get over here now!” She said it the way she would have if Teddie had been three years old and about to run out into the street. Teddie wouldn’t have guessed that she could be that embarrassed and still frightened at the same time, but apparently she could.
She gave the man a glare. She gave her mom a glare. And then she marched over to her family. “I’ve had it. I’m ready to go home,” she declared.

******
Michelle ached everywhere. She was hungry and thirsty, and she could smell her own pee. Her hands were taped behind her back, and there was duct tape over her mouth. A tiny line of light along the floor showed that she was in a closet. She was groggy, like she’d been running a fever for days. How long had she been here? She sat in the dark for a while, trying to piece together what she knew.
A man had bumped into her at the earring store. He’d been a little guy in a suit, and she remembered that because she’d felt something like a bee sting when he bumped her, and then all of a sudden her muscles had stopped working. He’d caught her. That’s right. And slapped something onto her head. A hat? A wig? A veil? She had no idea. She remembered him half walking and half dragging her out the front door of the mall. She thought she heard him mutter, “My sister feels ill” to someone.
Then she remembered sitting in the front passenger seat of a van, hearing the man mutter, “Come on, come on, come out and look for your friend” for what seemed like hours. It couldn’t have been hours. After a while the van had moved. That’s when it had groggily occurred to Michelle that maybe she could open the door and jump out, or at least roll out. Then she looked up and saw Teddie’s horrified face not ten feet from her window, and heard her friend yell, “Michelle!” Then there was another bee sting and that was it. She’d woken up here.
She ran over the facts six or seven times in her mind, looking carefully for anything she might have missed. The better to help her escape when she had the chance. The better to keep herself calm now. 
The closet door finally opened, and a new creepy man stared down at her. He shook his head sadly at her and said something in a language Michelle could not understand. It seemed to be an expression of regret. Her insides went to ice. Did he find it regrettable that he now had to kill her? But he only reached out towards her with a syringe, and the bee stung again. That was all she remembered for long while.

******
Acting on impulse has its charms, but one of them is not having a well-thought-out plan that takes all of the facts into consideration. Even at twenty degrees north latitude, winter is different from summer, and December is a poor time in Bhutan to leave the shelter of a monastery and head off into the unknown. 
Jampa had not gotten very far before a winter storm halted his travels south and he was forced to seek shelter. The building high up on the cliff appeared to be another monastery as he approached it, and he was hopeful that he could undo the consequences of this poorly conceived plan by wintering with another group. Unfortunately that was not to be.
Although they are rarer, women too have their orders in the Buddhist world, and by tradition their convents do not welcome men. Understandably. In fact, had the weather not been so awful as to be life threatening, Jampa would have been offered a bit of food and water to consume outside of the convent walls and then asked most nicely to move along. 
Under the circumstances, however, the nuns were willing to be a bit more flexible. They offered him shelter in their small barn, providing blankets along with hot food and instructions to knock if he needed anything more. If not, he was welcome to stay until the storm passed, and they wished him safe journey.
The second surprise occurred when Jampa realized that he had been to this particular convent before. Seldom if ever had he visited places in his first body that he had also gone to in his second body. This made sense. His first body went to the places where it was supposed to go as it handled meditation, chores and bodily needs. In fact, his first body had never strayed far from the monastery at all.
His second body, however, went where it pleased. It only played and explored. It found rivers and valleys of exceptional beauty to enjoy, and it occasionally went where it was called by a friend. By his only true friend, Noom.
And his visit to this convent had been the sole exception to that. The Western girl, the one just learning how to use her second body, had been here. She had wanted to show them that she could do a proper cartwheel. And so they each had chosen to answer her call and come to watch.
Why in the world was the Western girl at a convent in Bhutan? Jampa did not think that he traveled over continents in his second body. The monks had taught him geography. Even Noom, when she called him, did not seem to be half a world a way. Why had the girl been here?
Curiosity is not always deemed a positive quality, but it need not be a negative one. Jampa hesitated until the next morning. Then he made his way through the lightly falling snow and knocked on the convent door.
“Yes?” The older nun who opened it did not seem particularly pleased that the young monk had accepted the offer to knock if he needed anything.
“I, I hope to leave tomorrow if the snow stops,” he said, thinking that would please her. It did. “Before I go I must ask. Do you have a girl staying here from far away? Not a Buddhist? Not from Bhutan? I seek her with a personal message and I need to please speak to her if she is here. Just very briefly.” 
The old nun looked dubious. “We do have such a young woman. I will see if she wishes to speak with you. ”
Jampa had no idea what he could possibly say to the Western girl who had a second body like his own, particularly under the watchful eye of this dour nun. He tried to bring the English that the monks had taught him into the front of his mind and to think of something appropriate to say in it.
But when the nun came back, the young woman that followed her was someone Jampa had never seen before—a girl from India with bright, intelligent eyes, who gave him a big smile when she saw him. 
“I’m so glad that you came for me. Does my family wish for me to go with you?” she asked hopefully. The nun raised an eyebrow. Jampa saw the joy in the young woman’s eyes. Perhaps he should keep options open until he learned more. 
“Possibly, Miss.” He turned to the nun respectfully. “I know that this is irregular, but I have been asked to, uh, escort this woman back safely to her family if it happens that she is ready to leave here and if she wishes to go with me.”
The nun was dour, but she wasn’t stupid. “I don’t think so. This girl should not be traveling on foot this time of year. She is ill prepared for that, and you seem a doubtful escort at best. Stay in that barn past tomorrow, until the weather improves, and give me a chance to learn more.”
“Of course. May the girl and I speak together?”
The nun pursed her lips. “Very well. Usha you may walk with the boy to the front of the barn.”
Usha had trouble containing her delight. Once they were outside they spoke at once. “Who are you?”
“I was looking for someone I met,” Jampa said. “A girl from Europe I think. She was in this area.”
“Oh.” Usha looked disappointed. “I hoped that my friends had somehow sent you. I can’t go home, but I’m not sure how much longer I can stay here either. Why did you say you had come for me?”
Good question, Jampa thought. This from a young man about to take a vow to never lie.
“I guess you seemed so hopeful. I wanted to leave the door open for me to be able to help you. If I said I’d never heard of you, they would hardly let me do that.”
Usha laughed, and Jampa enjoyed the pure joy of her sound. “Perhaps your harmless deception will serve us both well. You should stay awhile and enjoy the warmth of the barn until the weather improves. You speak more English than any of these women. I will explain my story to you. You can help me talk to them and you and I will get to know each other. Maybe you truly are the friend sent to escort me, but it’s only that neither of us knows it yet,” she suggested.
“Maybe,” Jampa agreed. “I’m willing to give it some time and find out.”

******
Teddie’s mom Lola insisted on inviting Amy to join them for their Christmas feast, and when Amy politely declined, Lola responded with, “Oh, of course you have other plans. What was I thinking?” 
Amy smiled at that. “No, I don’t. I appreciate the thought, I really do, but I don’t celebrate Christmas.”
“Oh.” Then it dawned on Lola. “You’re Jewish?”
“Yes. Christmas isn’t part of my traditions, although I’m not much of an observant Jew either.”
“Then how about just joining us for a feast? Celebrate celebrating?” Teddie’s dad Alex suggested.
And so the family assembled at the best restaurant that could be found, and with the five beautiful Kanchenjunga peaks sparkling in the background, Alex raised his glass for a toast.
“Merry Christmas and Happy, uh, happy every holiday. Here’s to…what the hell?” Alex said as his gaze shifted to two men at another table and his mouth dropped open.
“That’s a different toast, dad,” Ariel chuckled. She followed her dad’s line of sight, as did the rest of the party.
“No!” Both Teddie and Amy said it in unison as they saw Alex looking at an all-too-familiar large muscular man in robes sitting at a nearby table with another man. Each wondered how Alex recognized this man that they had come to fear and dislike. 
“What’s he doing here?” Alex muttered, more to himself than anyone. Zane and Ariel both gave their dad puzzled looks, while Lola got up out of her chair and squealed with delight. 
“Olumiji!” Lola shouted. The second man, a very tall, thin black man, had gotten up out of his seat and was moving over to greet Lola while Alex watched him with mixed emotions. Lola ran to Olumiji and gave him a warm hug. “What are you doing in Darjeeling? Why didn’t you tell me you were coming?”
“I couldn’t Lola. I’m sorry. I had to talk to my friend Lhatu here first. And now we need to talk to you and your daughter. Lola. I’m so sorry to interrupt your feast. But I’m only in town for a couple of hours on my way elsewhere and this is so important. It is about the missing girl Michelle. Can just the four of us go out to my car to talk privately?”
“Uh, sure. Of course we can. Let me have a couple of minutes here first to talk to my family,” Lola said. 
“Let’s meet outside in five minutes.”
Lola looked at her children and wondered where to start. However, they were preoccupied by something altogether different. Zane and Ariel were nudging each other, and looking at their younger sister and laughing. 
“Let’s see. Who was it who was complaining so loudly last year when we had to eat our Christmas dinner before breakfast in order to get Dad on a plane to Belize?” Zane said playfully.
“Surely not the same person who was complaining the year before when we ate Christmas dinner at night because we had to go to the airport Christmas afternoon to pick up mom from a flight home from Nigeria?” Ariel said shaking her head.
But Teddie would not take the bait. She was the one who had complained both times, of course, but this was more than an interruption, and it wasn’t funny. Her mother, her super-safety-conscious mother, was asking her to go get into a car with a known kidnapper after her own best friend had been kidnapped. This was beyond belief. After Olumiji and his nefarious companion walked outside, she tried quietly to tell her mother so.
“Teddie. I would trust my friend Olumiji with my life. Actually, I have trusted him with my life. You are in no danger, I promise you.”
“They have a video of the other guy kidnapping a girl, mom. And Amy says he kept showing up at a hotel in another town with, like, a twelve-year-old girl. This man is around a lot when bad things happen. We saw him watching Usha and Michelle. You’ve lost your mind.”
Amy chimed in. “You might be better off holding the conversation in the restaurant. If you want privacy, the rest of us could go for a drive instead.”
Lola reconsidered. “You’re right Amy. Not because we’re in any danger getting into a car with my dear friend Olumiji, but because Teddie will feel a lot better.” Then she turned to Teddie. “We’ll talk here, honey. Everything will be fine. You’ll see.”
Teddie would realize later that her mother never got out of her chair, never went to tell Olumiji of the change in plans. Rather, Amy and her dad, and Ariel and Zane gulped down some wine and appetizers, got their dinners packed up to go and headed out to their hired car for a picnic ride. And they were remarkably nice about it.
Zane gave her a hug as they left. 
“Don’t worry about it Teddie. We all get to screw up Christmas dinner once.”
“Thanks Zane.”
Amy whispered to her as she walked by. “Be open to more facts, Teddie. Sometimes partial knowledge is worse than none.”
“Okay.” Teddie nodded.
Then her mother’s friend Olumiji and the dreaded muscleman monk came to sit down. And Teddie’s life would never be the same after that conversation.

Part 2. c3: Jvalalaya, the Abode of Light

16. New Year’s Day 2012: Readjusting

Once Teddie’s family left a few days later, she found herself replaying the Christmas dinner in the restaurant over and over in her own mind, trying to make more sense of it. Had she been crazy to agree to stay? Was it possible that her mother was just as crazy? And had her mother somehow suckered her otherwise sane dad into believing this whole incredible story? 
Maybe love could do that—Teddie wasn’t sure. But she was sure that her sensible, strong dad was completely convinced that somewhere over the past few years Teddie’s mother had become a telepath, and a good one. It had to do with all the time she spent with these people from Nigeria and the canoe accident when she had almost drowned. To be honest, that Christmas day in the restaurant Teddie had felt so lightheaded that she had trouble listening to her mother’s story.
 “I know that you won’t believe me, but honey, it is really important that you pay attention,” her mother had begged while Teddie picked at her food, hoping that she wouldn’t pass out from being so scared. As Teddie tried to compose herself, her mother explained that she had become friends with a group of people who were telepaths too and who had trained her to develop her talents better. Her mother had apparently never intended to tell any of her kids about this, until her good friend, teacher and über-telepath Olumiji had shown up in Darjeeling, right in the middle of their Christmas dinner.
Teddie played her mother’s words over again. The woman was sincere—everything she said had rung true. What choice did Teddie have but to consider that her mother was perhaps telling the truth?
Then Olumiji conveyed to Teddie how he worked with hundreds of telepaths and kept track of hundreds of thousand more potential ones worldwide. His ancient group had its roots in Bhutan, and the organization’s modern name in English was simply “one”—spelled x0. And her mother was a card-carrying member. Teddie tried to pay attention to the man, but she had been too agitated that day to concentrate on much.
Lhatu had then begun his own explanation, talking to Teddie in a soothing voice as he tried to erase her fears of him. He was not a telepath or a member of this x0. He had identified himself as the heir-apparent to the leadership of a much smaller sister organization originating out of Bhutan as well. His people, whom he called travelers, were considerably more rare than telepaths and they had a skill all their own. 
Only it wasn’t “they” Teddie thought ruefully. The correct pronoun was “we.” We have a skill all our own. As Teddie reviewed the conversation, she realized that this had been the point at which she had accepted it all as true. Lhatu seemed to understand exactly what it was that Teddie did and how it worked. 
She had felt a certain sense of relief then, and the light-headed feeling had started to recede. It was going to be okay. Maybe her mother wasn’t crazy and neither was she. 
Lhatu explained to her and her mom how one of his main duties was to seek out new travelers in the region who were attempting to come to terms with their abilities, somewhat like what Olumiji did with telepaths. It was Lhatu’s responsibility to offer information and training to help young people. For, unlike telepathy, which apparently could manifest itself at any time during a person’s life, the ability to travel in what Lhatu referred to awkwardly as a “spirit body” usually developed in younger people, in the first few years after puberty. Not surprisingly, it generally caused a good bit of anguish when it did so.
“I have been watching you, not your friends,” he explained softly that day at lunch. “You are clearly becoming quite adept, spurred on, I think, by your own homesickness and by the traumatic events that have happened around you. I wanted to come forth and help you months ago, but I am not so used to Western girls, with their outward confidence and yet deep inner fears of strangers. I was checking on you, trying to be careful, considering if you needed my help and the best way to approach you. Clearly I managed only to scare you, and for that I am sorry.”
The Christmas picnickers returned about that time, and Teddie had hoped that they would put an end to the bizarre discussion. But no, Zane, Ariel and Amy tactfully had settled in at the other end of the restaurant and ordered dessert. Only Teddie’s dad joined his wife and daughter. Shortly after her dad sat down, Olumiji had asked Teddie’s parents to consider the unthinkable. 
Olumiji explained quietly that he was certain that both Usha and Michelle would eventually need to be rescued from dire situations that they were unlikely to be able to escape from on their own. Sadly, telepathic abilities were usually too vague and unreliable to be used to track either the missing or the criminal, although in this case Olumiji intended to try. 
Traveling, however, was often successful at locating someone, but only when it was done by another who was linked emotionally to the missing person. The traveler would need to be well trained, and it was also helpful to be physically near to whomever was being sought, as traveling had a spatial component to it.
“That’s why we modern travelers call our group ‘c cubed,’ instead of using its ancient Sanskrit name. You would pronounce that name as Ju vaa laa lay ah, and it means the abode of light. Most of us are well grounded in modern physics, and c represents light to us, as well as its speed of course. We travel through this realm as pure electromagnetic energy moving within all three dimensions. To us, Jvalalaya is also c3.”
But neither of Teddie’s parents was listening to the description of what the name c3 meant. Both of their faces had gone pale with fear. They knew what Olumiji was going to ask next.
“Absolutely not,” her dad said.
“I can vouch for her safety,” Lhatu replied. 
“As can I,” Olumiji added. “I am prepared to put phenomenal resources on protecting the wellbeing of your child. She will be fine. However, without her, we have little hope for ever saving the two other young women. With her, my friend Lhatu is almost certain that he can eventually find and rescue both of these other girls.”
Olumiji looked down sadly like he was trying to decide whether to say more. “Right now, I can’t find Usha at all. Therefore, I believe that she is safe for the moment somewhere and does not wish to be found. She has no idea of the amount of danger she is in with this man who is obsessing over her. I have found Michelle.
“What?” Teddie’s dad gasped. “Let’s go get her now.”
Olumiji shook his head with a sad smile. “That is the problem with telepathy. I can only know what she herself knows. She is bound and gagged in a closet somewhere. She has no idea where. She has not been seriously harmed and is not in immediate danger, but she is weak and she is terrified. That is all she knows.”
A memory of being scared and helpless washed over Teddie before she could stop it, and then she did something she could never have imagined herself doing.
“I’ll stay.” She said it firmly, thinking of Michelle, now so helpless and so scared. When Teddie said it, she felt like she knew exactly what she was doing.
“What?” her dad had asked loudly.
“No, sweetie,” her mother had intervened more softly. “There are other ways. These two men here are talented. They can do this without you.”
Lhatu looked at Teddie with admiration. 
“No, we can’t, and I think that she understands enough about her gift already to know that,” he said to her parents. Then to Teddie he added, “So you must go back to the school, continue on with your studies as normal. Arouse no suspicions other than that you are staying on over your parent’s objections because you are clinging to hopes that Michelle will be found and you want to be here for her when she is.”
Lhatu had eyed each of the Zeitmans carefully before he looked right at Teddie and went on. “I know that you want to save your friends quickly, before further harm or trauma comes to them, but such things as this cannot be done fast. I will need to set some other parts in motion, and then I will be back in about a week. Your training will start then. Be patient.”
“How long would she need to stay here?” Teddie’s mom asked.
“I won’t mislead you. It could be weeks or even months,” Lhatu answered. “You, her parents, must stay strong, too. Go home. Olumiji can keep you constantly informed. Your daughter will not be asked to do anything before she is ready. For this you have my word.”
Teddie shook her head. No matter how many times she replayed the scene, she could not imagine it ending any other way.

Teddie’s mom and dad had reluctantly headed home a few days later without her. Her baffled brother Zane’s worries for his sister’s safety had clearly not been lessened by the half-baked explanations for her remaining in India that he had received. Ariel was largely silent, and she grew more aloof than usual. Teddie couldn’t help noticing that Ariel avoided touching her. Now that Teddie thought about it, Ariel had grown silent and aloof like this more than once over the past few years. Teddie hoped that her family didn’t have more secrets, including one that was being kept hidden by her big sister. 
As soon as she was alone, Darjeeling turned overcast and cold. The school accepted her back with little question, and she mostly stayed alone in her dorm room, with only the few other girls who had not been able to go home over the semester break for company. The only unusual event was caused by the requirement that Teddie meet and spend a few hours with the five other telepaths who were going to join Olumiji in taking shifts monitoring her well-being, day and night.
“It will be much easier for them if they know you,” her mother had explained before she left. When she felt Teddie’s discomfort at the idea, she added, “I give you my word, they will never intrude into your private thoughts. These are very ethical people, and they take their gift very seriously. They will only be monitoring you for fear. If something scares you, then they will listen. If it might be serious, they will call the others. If the group deems it is indeed serious,” and at this possibility Teddie could see the distress in her mother’s eyes, “then Lhatu has people in place to respond instantly. They’ve asked me not to be part of this group, because I am too emotionally involved to react rationally, and that’s true. But Olumiji and my close friend from Nigeria, Somadina, will lead the efforts. Please be open to them and the four others and let them help you.”
So an uneasy Teddie spent the afternoon of New Year’s Day drinking tea and eating cookies at the spacious home of a very elderly couple from Darjeeling named Mr. and Mrs. Dutta. The two were lively, alert and clearly still in love. As they finished each other’s sentences Teddie couldn’t help thinking that they were so cute together. Joining them was a housewife who had driven up all the way from Kolkata, and who insisted on awkwardly holding on to Teddie’s hand for a while after they were introduced, explaining to Teddie that the prolonged personal contact improved her ability to link with a stranger.
The other person there was a beautiful young Nigerian woman with her one-year-old daughter. Olumiji had gone to great pains to bring the woman from her small village, and she hugged Teddie long and hard like she knew her.
 “Your mother is an incredible woman,” Somadina said as she finally stopped the hug. Teddie gave her a dubious look.
“I understand,” the Nigerian laughed. “Kids don’t appreciate what their parents have done. It’s the way of the world. But your mother risked her own life to save my little sister, and I want you to know that I would do anything now to protect you.”
“She did what?” Teddie had trouble imagining a scenario in which her mother saved anyone’s life, and she started to think that there must be more to the story of her mother’s telepathy than she had been told. Maybe she would learn the entire story someday.
“I thought that there were going to be six of you watching over me,” she asked, looking around at the four others in the room. Then she glanced at the little girl tottering on the edge of the coffee table, seriously considering taking a step, perhaps her first.
“She’s not a telepath, too, is she?” Teddie asked Somadina.
“Oh heavens no,” the toddler’s mother laughed. “She might develop it someday, as there is a mildly genetic component, we think, but it’s not very strong. Odds are she’ll be normal.”
“Do you think maybe she’ll be a traveler like me?”
“I’d be delighted if she was,” Somadina said.
Then Teddie noticed that Mrs. Dutta was fooling around with the computer on the dining room table and had stepped back in satisfaction. She saw the face of a nervous young man on the screen, his head wrapped in bandages. 
“This is Tariq,” Mrs. Dutta explained. “He’s from Pakistan, and he’ll be your other guard. He couldn’t travel here today, but we’re going to include him as best we can by video-conference.”
Teddie noticed that in spite of the injuries the boy was quite attractive, and the idea of having him watching her at random times without her being aware of it made her oddly uncomfortable. She motioned to Somadina. “Can we speak privately in another room?”
“No one will intrude on our thoughts here,” Somadina promised once the two of them were in the kitchen. “Is there a problem with Tariq?”
Teddie hesitated. She felt kind of silly.
“I get it,” Somadina nodded. “No telepathy needed. He’s cute, isn’t he?”
“Yeah,” Teddie giggled a little nervously, “Trust me, I’ve got nothing against attractive boys, but the idea of having one hover just inside my head when I can’t even tell he’s there, well…”
Somadina nodded. “I told Olumiji this might happen. Occasionally there are things the man does not get. Look Teddie, Tariq got included for two reasons. One, he’s bedridden and he will be for weeks, if not months. We’re all in pretty close time zones, and we’re going to be taking shifts. We need people who can focus on you reliably right in the middle of the day and Tariq qualifies.”
“Aren’t there any ugly old telepaths in nearby hospitals?” Teddie asked hopefully. Somadina laughed.
“He begged for this chance to help, Teddie.” Seeing the look on Teddie’s face, Somadina added quickly. “Not because of you. Because of how he got injured.”
“Oh.” Teddie felt bad that she hadn’t even considered asking what had happened to the boy. “How did he get hurt?”
“He tried to defend his sister. Unsuccessfully. It was five against the two of them and the other guys had bats. As is customary with his people, Tariq’s sister killed herself after the rape, because in her culture it was the only way to restore her family’s honor. Tariq was injured too badly to be there to prevent her suicide. Olumiji thought that helping to rescue Usha and Michelle might help Tariq heal as well. Only if you’re willing, that is. If you’re not, we will replace him immediately.”
Teddie rolled her eyes. “No, it’s okay. Given his situation, I’ll deal with it.”
Somadina gave Teddie’s arm a squeeze as they walked back into the living room.
The hosts passed out more tea and cookies, and then Somadina led the group in gently asking Teddie questions, most of which had to do with how she felt about this or that. “We’re all trying to calibrate your feelings,” the woman explained. “I don’t want to upset you, but if we can get a feel for anger and fear and sadness from you as well as happiness, we can better look out for you.”
Reluctantly, Teddie described how she felt about capital punishment and Broadway musicals, about gang warfare and birthday parties and extreme poverty. After two hours she felt drained and she noticed all five of the others were nodding.
“You are a wonderful young woman, with a warm and caring heart,” Somadina said softly, “and I think that we have all we need. Teddie, from this point forward, you will not know we are there with you, because you do not have the gift of hearing us. But know that at least one of us will always be attuned to you and that we will keep a respectful distance from your inner thoughts. If you call to us and ask us to pay attention, we will. All six of us are capable of sensing your emotions and to some extent picking up your words. We may not get specifics, but we will get enough to find a way to get you help almost immediately. So,” and here she smiled a bit, “don’t hesitate to call. Okay?”
“Okay.” 
Teddie returned to her dorm, and true to Somadina’s word, she had no sense whatsoever that anyone was watching out for her at all. She thought seriously about calling for help just to check and see if it would work, but decided that false alarms were probably a bad idea. 

******
Vanida managed some days better than others, and over time she found new ways to cope. The rowdy oil workers were not so typical, luckily. Many of the men and even women and couples who came to watch her write were merely curious. Sometimes shy. And often ashamed to find themselves there. Vanida learned that a bit of warmth would put these souls at ease and with their ease came tips. She began to work that market well.
Even then, these were not the grand get-rich tips that Noi and Pim had led her to expect. But it was money of her own nonetheless. She noticed that Khae, the owner of both her and the bar, watched her tip amount closely. Vanida was pretty sure that if she started to make a lot, she would suddenly owe the bar a cut. So she kept her act short, and friendly. She wrote notes like, “don’t ask me where I got this,” that brought chuckles from everyone, and she pocketed her money quickly and watched it closely.
None of the men who came in were ever anything like the men she had read about in the wonderful novels that Noi had given her; those deep, troubled, and mysterious men tormented by dark secrets who yearned for the right woman to bring out the gentle lover in them with her beauty and her strong spirit. No, the ones that picked the girls by number were usually drunk silly men, insecure and often mean. Vanida worked hard at being invisible to them, avoiding eye contact and blending into the shadows.
On the rare times when one did choose her for one reason or another, she’d offer the work to one of the other girls. There was always at least one who wanted the money, and bikinis turned out to be surprisingly easy to swap. Not once had a man who had picked Vanida complained that the Thai girl that left the bar with him wearing the right bikini and number wasn’t the girl he had selected. Either the men did not notice, or they did not care. Vanida finally decided that these men just liked the idea of getting to choose. In reality, the girls were actually all the same to them. 
Khae, however, knew very well what was happening, and finally she took Vanida aside. Khae spoke English with Vanida, as she often did. Vanida suspected that the woman used conversations with her to try to teach her to speak better.
 “You don’t like to earn extra money?” she asked.
“I’d rather not if I don’t have to,” Vanida answered honestly.
“Okay,” Khae nodded. “But if a man complains that he picked you, you have to go with him.”
“I know,” she said
“And if we run out of girls, you have to work,” she added.
“I know,” Vanida agreed.
“Shouldn’t happen though,” Khae added. “Got a whole truck full of new girls coming next week. They don’t know tricks—they just dance and screw. So I gotta keep you talented ones happy.” She gave Vanida a big half-toothless grin. “You work the audience well. I like you now.”
And Vanida decided that was as much praise as she was ever going to get in this business.

******
It was a welcome sound when her door burst open the evening before the first day of classes and a familiar voice yelled “Teddie!” In came a laughing Haley, with snowflakes on her parka.
“What are you doing here?” a happy but baffled Teddie demanded to know.
“Providing some much needed companionship to a friend. Looking for my lost buddies.” Haley was grinning. “Doing what I think is best.”
“You escaped?” Teddie laughed.
“No, I acted like an adult and promised to help my parents raise the money it would take to send me back here. I explained that if I was going to have my head in the game and make a very dangerous climb in a few months, I needed to be here for lots of reasons. They listened. They really listened to what I wanted, Teddie, and they worked with me on this.”
“Why didn’t you tell me you were coming?”
Haley fidgeted with her gloves. “I was really worried when you wrote that you were staying on. It didn’t sound like you were in a very good place, you know, emotionally. Not that I blame you of course, but I didn’t want to add to the problem by telling you I was trying to come back and then have it fall through, which I figured it might. Then it all came together yesterday and, bam, I was on the plane. So I just decided to surprise you, and here I am.”
Teddie gave her a look of thanks. “I could use a roommate. I’m really glad that you’re here.” 
As she said it, the new phone that Lhatu had given her and that the school had reluctantly allowed her keep under the circumstances chirped for the first time. She picked it up instinctively. The text was from an unknown number and said, “We start tomorrow.”
17. January 2012: Beginning

Olumiji had spent his adult life carefully cultivating his outer calm. Thanks to receptive abilities that he had struggled with since adolescence, his days were often spent filtering out the wild, uncontrolled emotions of those around him. Within x0, he had two great specialties. One was helping mature individuals who, due to one oddity or another, found themselves rapidly developing telepathic abilities later in life. Often such skills came on surprisingly fast, and yet an older mind, set in its ways, seldom figured out how to cope quickly. Olumiji and his calm manner would arrive to offer aid. In fact, that was how he had come to befriend Teddie’s mother Lola.
His other specialty involved search and rescue. Telepathy was far more of an ability to sense emotions in others than it was a skill at reading minds, and as such, it was a fairly poor tool for locating confused and distracted humans at a distance. However, those trapped by natural disasters tended to be close at hand and to broadcast mental pleas for help quite forcefully. This made them relatively easy for a good telepath to find. 
Rescue workers the world over had come to know Olumiji as the tall, thin Nigerian man who showed up after earthquakes, mudslides and tsunamis to offer assistance, and who had an uncanny ability to find barely alive souls in the wreckage. He stayed out of their way and asked for nothing in return, so most wrote him off as a harmless oddball. Some speculated that he may have lost a loved one himself long ago in a natural disaster. In a way they were right. Olumiji had never lost anyone, thankfully, but he heard the cries of the desperate so often and so well in his own head that deep in his heart he felt connected to every human who had ever died yearning to be found.
He did, however, have one chink in his armor of outer calm, and he knew that it was born of guilt. As a male in his home country, he had grown up accepting the many casual ways that young women were forced to have sex. From arranged marriages to gang rapes, from bizarre bridal customs to forced prostitution, the horror of lacking ownership of one’s own body escaped him completely—until his own budding empathy let him discover it, and then left him outraged by the day-to-day fears endured by more than half of his fellow humans. 
Don’t dress that way. Don’t go out at night. Don’t talk to him. Don’t meet his eyes. Any of it can earn you pain and humiliation and even more fear, and everyone will tell you it was your own fault. Olumiji had been simply astounded. 
And for all the people he had calmly rescued and helped since, every time a case came his way where a young woman was put at greater risk, merely because she possessed a vagina, or worse yet, a hymen, he felt a deep burning anger at a world that treated such as “unavoidable.”
“No,” he wanted to scream. “This is not unavoidable. We are better than that. We have to be.”
He supposed this was part of why he had made the rescue of these two lone young women such a high priority. He knew that no other crime against the sensitivity and emotional well-being of humans was perpetuated with such frightening regularity. He couldn’t begin to stop all of it. But these two girls? He would, by all the gods who were worshipped on this sorry planet, find a way to help them.

******
Amy and Lhatu eyed each other warily as they sat at opposite ends of Amy’s small living room. Teddie sat awkwardly on the couch, squarely in the middle. It was Lhatu who had suggested that this first meeting take place in a home of someone Teddie trusted. 
Amy was understandably protective about her own private life, as most social workers were. She had never invited the girls over to her apartment, and probably never would have. She certainly didn’t want Lhatu there, but she recognized that she was the only friendly face that Teddie had in Darjeeling with a living room to offer.
“I still don’t get why you spend so much time lurking around watching young girls,” Amy said once she had served tea, not exactly starting the conversation out on a good note.
“I work with training young people. It won’t surprise you that over half of the young people in this world are female. I observe, recruit, train and provide help. That necessitates some lurking.” Lhatu came across with an odd mixture of defensiveness and amusement.
“It was me he was watching,” Teddie volunteered, hoping to diffuse the tension. “I have a skill set that he works worth. He wasn’t interested in Michelle or Usha at all.”
Amy looked at Teddie dubiously. Then she turned back to Lhatu.
“I have you on tape kidnapping a young girl from this region,” she said.
“You do.”
“You don’t deny it?” Amy practically spat the words back out at him.
“To the contrary, I’m rather proud of it.” He responded with similar venom creeping into his voice. “You have absolutely no idea of what I rescued that child from or how she begged my organization for help.” He added tersely. “Happy homes are not always what they seem.”
“Her parents were horribly upset when she was taken!” Amy was outraged. “They love her very much and they are still working with me to hunt for her.” 
“No, her parents miss abusing her and are horribly worried that she will tell her story to someone wherever she is and be believed. They are afraid that their methods of raising their only child might be ‘misunderstood.’ In fact, both her mother and her father found a hundred different horrible and creative ways to discipline that child ever since she could cry and beg for mercy. They both enjoyed her tears and pleas, and later they would bond sexually, each aroused by their cruelty to her. She didn’t even know her life was unusual until she got older. She’s safe now, and she has no desire to ever speak to either of them again.”
“How would you even know about something like this?” Amy asked, curiosity beginning to mix in with her indignation.
“She found me, and I understood that she needed help.”
“Why in the world would she come to you?”
“Because at that moment, I was the only human around who could see her.”
Lhatu swallowed hard. He had known before he ever agreed to do this that the next few sentences would be the most difficult part.
“Let me back up, please. Amy, you see the world from inside you, so to speak. What I mean is that even though human consciousness is not understood very well, we think that it comes from inside of our bodies, inside of our brains. Some people imagine that they leave their bodies behind and wander off while they sleep or even as they go into a trance, and quite a few books have been written on the subject.”
“Sure,” Amy said. “Astral projection. I’ve heard of it. You think it’s impossible?”
“No, I’m saying that in most cases the person is just experiencing a lucid dream, or a creative daydream—harmless and even somewhat consciousness-expanding. I’ve no quarrel with this, it just doesn’t involve really leaving their bodies in, well, in the way that I do.”
“Oh.” The sarcasm was back. “So most other people can’t really do this, but you can.”
“Yes.” Lhatu said it simply, without embarrassment or pride. “And I’ve been trained to do it better since birth. I work for the people who trained me. I serve as their chief scout and trainer.”
“Is this shadowy organization that sneaks around watching kids run by some kind of a crime organization by any chance?” Amy asked.
“No. It’s a sort of informal monarchy and it’s run by my grandmother.”
“Oh.” Amy honestly didn’t know what to say.
 “Look, there aren’t a lot of people who can do this naturally,” Lhatu went on. “It’s not nearly as common as, say, telepathy, which of course isn’t all that common at either. Most travelers—and we refer to it as traveling—most travelers start to have out-of-body experiences some time in their teens. It’s not always the case, but often some sort of trauma, or a series of traumatic events, encourages this ability. Feeling powerless, being powerless, needing to escape and having no other means to do so can sometimes set this ability in motion if the young person is prone to it to begin with.”
Lhatu gave Amy a long hard look. “It shouldn’t surprise you that more females develop this ability than males. Not that there aren’t plenty of young males in this world trapped in awful situations, too. And obviously most young people of either gender can never do this, no matter how desperate they become. Like everything else human, this ability seems to come from a combination of genes, environment and the very essence of the person themselves.”
Lhatu turned to Teddie. “I’m right, aren’t I?”
Teddie looked down embarrassed, and Amy got it.
“Teddie? Is that what this is all about? Your dreams? Seeing Usha at the bus station leaving for Gangtok? Seeing her flee into Bhutan? You think now that this is all real?” Amy asked.
“I guess so,” Teddie said. “At least this good friend of my mom’s thinks it is because this guy here told him so, and now I’m supposed to stay here and be trained so that I can help them find Michelle and Usha both.”
“I’m scared, Amy.” The words popped out of Teddie’s mouth before she could call them back. “I’m not sure I want to learn how to be a freak.” She gave Lhatu a little bit of an apologetic smile. “No offense.”
“None taken,” he said. “This is absolutely your choice, Teddie, and it will continue to be so. You may quit or pause the training at any time you are the least bit uncomfortable.” Then he added with his own small smile back. “We are all kind of freaks already in our own way, you know? This will just make you a more talented freak.”
“Talented freak. I do kind of like that.” Teddie smiled back more confidently, and for the sake of her young friend, Amy decided to put her own skepticism on hold.
“I can attend the training with you if you like, Teddie, at least until you get comfortable,” Amy offered.
“We don’t usually do that,” Lhatu hesitated. Then seeing the firm look of protectiveness on Amy’s face, he reminded himself that there were exceptions to every rule. “But in this case, if you would be willing to let us use your apartment for some of the initial work, of course you could be present.”
Another piece of the puzzle suddenly made sense to Amy. “So that’s why you kept renting hotel rooms with that young girl in Jakarta?” Amy muttered in understanding.
Lhatu nodded. “The hotel had their own theories, and sadly every time we showed up I got chuckles and nudges that made me very uncomfortable. But yes. Her name was Doddy—she was fourteen, and I had absolutely no other place to train her. This has happened to me more than once. Using your apartment would be a vast improvement over going through any of that again.”
“Then consider it done.” 
“We will do just a little initial work tonight, so I can give Teddie a few things to practice. I have to return home tomorrow.” Lhatu paused when he saw the look of impatience on Teddie’s face. “I promise that it is only for another week, and when I come back I will have lodging and transportation for myself in this town. Teddie, you and I will then meet and work every other night until you are ready. Can you be patient for just a little bit longer?”
The girl nodded. “Sure. I’m not going anywhere.”
Amy eyed Teddie thoughtfully. She had to wonder if her young friend here was really capable of out-of-body experiences. Then she wondered whether Lhatu could actually do what he claimed. What if he was a fraud? She looked protectively at Teddie. That was a frightening concept. What if he wasn’t a fraud? Amy sighed. That was an even more frightening possibility. 

******
Vanida waited anxiously for the truck full of new girls. During the holidays the bars of the Patpong district of Bangkok had overflowed with tourists. Twice Khae had run out of willing girls to service the men who wished to celebrate the feast of Christ’s birth by boinking a Thai whore. The first time Vanida pleaded an upset stomach, but the second time she knew she’d be in trouble if she didn’t do her part. Desperate, she sought out the drunkest customer she could find and made eyes at him. When he pointed to her and barely slurred out her number, Khae nodded at her sharply. Vanida sighed and took the man upstairs. 
She had calculated well. After convincing him to let her rub his feet for a few minutes to heighten his pleasure, he fell asleep on the bed with a loud snore. Once she was sure that he would not wake for a while, Vanida stopped her foot massage, curled up next to him on the small cot, and took a short nap of her own. She’d tell him later just how great he had been. She’d learned from listening to the other girls that was really what all the men wanted to hear.

******
Darjeeling stayed dreary and cold as school started, and for days on end the beautiful mountains could not even be seen. Teddie spent a lot of time avoiding the other students at the school so she would not have to answer their questions about Michelle, even though her slightly drafty dorm room was not the refuge she would have liked.
Haley spent most her free time in the room as well, using the impressive array of workout equipment that her father had insisted on sending back to India with her. She had weights and ab straps, rotating push-up bars and some sort of cardio jump device, and she used them all like her life depended on it. Teddie supposed it kind of did. However the net result was that the dorm room was generally filled with Haley’s grunts and groans, and it was now starting to smell like a locker room too. Teddie went out and bought some fruit-scented air freshener.
She tried doing the few exercises that Lhatu had left her with, but compared with Haley’s workout, they just seemed silly. Lhatu’s one week of waiting dragged on to two, and Teddie found herself spending more and more time curled up in her bed under the covers. She wanted to go home. She was supposed to be home, dammit. She found “Get out of this Town” on her MP3 player and started to listen to it over and over until it became her personal anthem.

******
Jeet had been looking over his shoulder ever since that horrible day in September when Usha had disappeared from her school. Who would have thought that his niece would take off on her own like that? He knew that he should have waited before using so much of the money to pay off the huge credit card debts his wife had run up, but those banks scared him. He’d heard how unforgiving they were. The interest rates on those things were so high, it pained Jeet to write the checks. 
Of course, once the girl had been located in Gangtok he had breathed a sigh of relief that all would be well. The goods had been delivered. How could anyone have guessed that she’d manage to run away again? Hide so well? And then of course there was that meddlesome American woman who had succeeded in getting Ashmita and all of her other children somewhere that even a desperate Jeet could not possibly locate them. He had been so certain that whatever might transpire, Ashmita would ultimately lead him to Usha. Now he couldn’t even find Ashmita.
And, now, they were right back up to their limits on the damn cards all over again, so it had been for nothing.
“But the little statues are just perfect in our living room, Jeet. Look how well they match the carpet?” his wife implored him when she came home with her most recent extravagant purchase. As she began to set out the little statues, she pointed to the ornate Persian rug that they clearly complimented. Her face turned pale as soon she saw the blood on the carpet.
“Who made that mess?” she shrieked.
Jeet didn’t say a word, but only held out his left hand to show the bandaged stub where his little finger had been. Blood was still seeping through the bandage. 
“Oh my God,” Riddhi whispered. “You couldn’t have put a better rag under it?”
Then, as the seriousness of the situation began to dawn on her, she added, “Was this the work of the man you sold Usha to?”
“No, this was done by the man he sold her to,” Jeet muttered back, and Riddhi realized that her husband was likely in shock. “Not done by him personally, of course—he just watched. Apparently, paying me before the girl was in his possession was a clerical error for which one of his own men has been appropriately disciplined,” Jeet said, a dull tone in his voice. “The middleman I dealt with, his name is Nandi, and he is a professional procurer. He has already paid this horrible man back with interest just to avoid trouble of his own. So this little disciplinary action was not even about money, I was told. It was, in the words of Usha’s buyer, about thwarted expectations.”
Riddhi sat down and averted her eyes, disgusted and terrified. “Will this man who bought Usha be back?”
“I don’t think so,” Jeet said. “He told me that he’d happily cut off a finger of mine a week if he thought that I could find the girl, because he still wanted her, but he already knew that I couldn’t find her, and there was no real point in making me fingerless. He just wanted to make sure I remembered going forward not to make promises I could not keep.” Jeet looked down sadly at his hand.
“What about this Nandi man who paid him back? Is he going to show up with a knife as well?” 
“He dropped by this morning also,” Jeet said. “He has some very influential friends, and he is understandably quite interested in getting his money back. We discussed various options.” 
An odd thought occurred to Riddhi, one that seldom crept into her head. “Could I do anything to help you, Jeet?”
Her husband nodded. “You can get the maid to clean the blood out of the carpet, as it will bring a much higher price if it’s clean. Then, you can fire the maid, as we will no longer be needing her services. But first, you can drive me to the hospital.”

******
Locating the projected feelings of a random, distant unknown person out of the seven billion plus humans on earth is impossible. So it did not surprise Olumiji that for all his formidable skill as a telepath, his searches for Usha only brought back a sort of ambient white noise. 
However, once a telepath does forge a link, it becomes slightly easier to find the person again. Olumiji suspected that his ability to locate Michelle initially on Christmas day as she sat bound in a closest had been aided by Teddie’s close emotional connection to her friend, and by Lola’s own acquaintance with the girl and Lola’s own adeptness with telepathy. In fact, Lola would probably have an easier time tracking Michelle than Olumiji would, and they both knew it. Yet, they had a silent understanding that this would be a very bad idea. It was important that Lola remain supportive of her own daughter’s efforts, and calm would be nearly impossible if Lola allowed herself to be part of whatever hardships and horrors might be forced upon Michelle.
So along with his shared duties monitoring Teddie, Olumiji also made a daily effort to try to touch Michelle’s emotions to see if he could learn anything that would be helpful. How he wished that the girl could hear him in her own head, so that he could at least reassure her. However, Michelle had no nascent telepathic abilities whatsoever and remained completely deaf to Olumiji’s presence.
Worse yet, while all humans project emotions, Michelle was a very self-contained young woman who held her feelings highly in check. In a world full of people transmitting screams about how they felt, Michelle barely whispered. So not only could she not hear Olumiji, but he could barely hear her either. When he got nothing at all, he assumed that she was unconscious. Many days he picked up nothing, and other days he could only sense her fear.
After the first few days in the small closet, he knew that she had been drugged for days. Then she was in another closet, somewhere else, with different smells and sounds. Then there was nothing for days more. At one point, he got that her situation had been somewhat improved. She was still held captive, but she was no longer restrained or as heavily drugged, and food, water and toilet facilities were provided. She was aware that she was groggy most of the time. 
The clearest and most noteworthy event that Olumiji was able to pick up early on was when Michelle had the realization that her captors didn’t see her as human. Olumiji was present in Michelle’s mind when she sat up one afternoon and became aware that she was a commodity, a product being essentially kept in a warehouse until it could be transported to market and sold.
Michelle was surprisingly down-to-earth about the realization. She figured that understanding the perspective of her captors was useful. Listening to her clear-headed evaluation of the facts broke Olumiji’s heart, but also gave him hope that the girl would be able to survive whatever lay ahead.
 
18. January 2012: Learning

Once they finally began, the ongoing practice sessions in Amy’s living room were as tedious as Teddie had feared. Lhatu had her tensing and relaxing muscles and using imaginary hands to massage her own neck. She took endless deep breaths focusing on her belly. Then she took endless more focusing on the tip of her nose. It all seemed pretty pointless. Amy watched her protectively, interrupting at intervals with tea or lemonade and intervening when she thought the evening’s session had gone on too long.
Teddie wasn’t sure what important contacts her mother’s friend Olumiji must have, but she decided that they were impressive. The normally highly protective Lord Peartree International Academy for Exceptional Students had not only allowed her to keep and use the cell phone from Lhatu, but they had granted her virtually carte blanche permission to leave campus with him or Amy any time of day or night, and they asked no questions when Lhatu returned her to the school late after an evening of focusing on candles and repeating affirmations.
It wasn’t surprising that Haley soon became suspicious. Her own extra-curricular activities with the mountaineering club were at a minimum until the winter weather began to lift in a couple of months, so she was spending far more time on campus then she had been for most of the fall, and of course she wondered what Teddie was up to when she began disappearing every other night or so.
Teddie considered making up a story. She contemplated inventing a half-truth, and that seemed wiser. But when she thought about Haley and all that she knew of her, the best choice of all seemed to be to finally bring Haley into the situation.
So one evening in late January out came the story of the strange walking dreams and the interrupted Christmas dinner and the shadowy organization called c3 that reached out to the rare young person everywhere as they developed this unusual gift.
Haley shook her head and laughed. “I knew there was something weird going on with you. So this out-of-body stuff is real, huh? And you can do it. Wow.”
“Geez, you accept this a lot more easily than I did,” Teddie said, relieved but surprised. 
“I’m from Denver,” Haley shrugged. “I bet I heard more strange metaphysical claims growing up than you ever did. After a while you start to think, well, maybe. 
“And here I thought you’d think I was crazy.” Teddie said.
“So what exactly are they teaching you? Do you think there is any chance at all that you can really get good at it?” Haley asked.
 “Right now I just seem to be getting good at a lot of stupid relaxation exercises, but this guy Lhatu insists I have to start with this stuff to be able to control my abilities. I’m determined to learn how to do that, if it means I can help Michelle or Usha.” Then she just had to ask. “It doesn’t creep you out now, sharing a room with me?”
“Are you kidding?” Haley seemed genuinely baffled by the question. “It’s cool to know how to do things. Who knows, maybe if I need help going up that mountain,” she said, pointing to the wall facing Kanchenjunga, “you can bop by in your spirit body and give me hand.”
“Great idea, but I’m way too scared of heights, Haley, so probably not that. I’ll be ecstatic if I can just find our friends.”
“As will I. You let me know if I can help in any way,” Haley said. “Take notes for you in class, I don’t know, run errands for you so you have more time to work on this, or just stop my exercising for a while and let you practice breathing in peace—whatever. I want to help.”

******
Michelle knew that she had been moved a long distance a day or two after her capture because she had vague memories of coming to once or twice lying in the trunk of a car. After that she had spent what seemed like a couple of weeks in a large closet, with leering, creepy men giving her occasional food, water and bathroom breaks. Yet no one harmed her.
In mid-January, Michelle was transported a second time. First she was heavily drugged and placed in the trunk of a car again; then she was allowed to regain consciousness at some sort of warehouse. When she came to, every muscle in her body ached and she had a thirst for water that she could not quench. She found herself in a room with several other girls who had arrived at the same meeting point. They were all fed and permitted to stretch and bathe. She tried to communicate with the other girls, but they only gave her wary or fearful looks, and she heard no language that even sounded familiar. 
After two days at the warehouse the girls were forced to remove all of their clothes. Most cried in fear and embarrassment. Michelle hung towards the back and was relieved to see that the girls were barely touched as they were sedated and loosely bound before being thrown in the back of a van. When her turn came, she tried to cry no more or less than the others. Her first rule, she decided, was to avoid suspicion at all costs.
Michelle’s main memory of this leg of the trip was waking up each of the many times that the van stopped to hand money over to men with guns. She counted nine girls crowded together on the bare floor of the vehicle. The trip seemed to go on for days, broken up only by short bathroom stops along the side of the empty road and small rations of water and rice cakes. Finally they were allowed out of the van at a large barn-like structure in the middle of nowhere. 
For the next few days they were permitted to move about the large interior room at will, under the watchful eyes of the guards. Michelle tried to inconspicuously massage her aching muscles to regain some of her physical strength. 
Here the girls had access to all the water they wanted, and Michelle felt like she drank gallons a day. She kicked herself mentally when diarrhea hit on day two. Damn, she should have guessed that would happen. If her problem became obvious it would certainly mark her as an outsider. Luckily a primitive outhouse provided some privacy, and her body helped as well by recovering quickly. 
The food that was handed out to them from a locked pantry was more plentiful and varied, and there was ample straw for the girls to sleep on. Michelle guessed that this giant shed served as a frequent way station for human cargo. What a sad fate for a building, she thought, and yet compared to her previous couple of weeks, this place was like heaven. More vans of girls kept arriving.
Michelle mostly kept to herself, fighting to stay strong and aware. She felt pretty certain that she knew exactly what the future was going to bring, and she was determined to face it with all the intelligence and courage that she could find. She had facts. She was capable of self-control. If she played her cards carefully she need not be a victim in the truest sense of the word. A reasonable opportunity for escape would present itself down the road, and she would make it her goal to be as prepared as possible when it did. 
She kept her eyes open for scraps of anything that could be useful, although nothing helpful presented itself. That was okay. She would stay calm, and she would never stop looking.

******
Lhatu was pushing her to practice uncharacteristically late, and, even more oddly, Amy was doing little to object. Teddie felt like she couldn’t do one more breathing exercise, so she got up out of her chair and turned around, only to see herself sleeping in her chair. Oh my. 
She caught the sense of panic as it began and soothed it back down, the way that Lhatu had taught her to. She held still and focused. Then she turned slowly towards Lhatu. He was giving her a wide grin and a slow wave from a translucent body hovering a couple of feet in the air over his own sleeping self. He pointed back to her body, the way a diving instructor might point a student in the direction they needed to go. She understood.
In order for her to remember these first voluntary out-of-body experiences, he had told her that it was important that they remain very short. If she didn’t bring back a memory with her, then for all intents and purposes she would have had no such experience. It would be to her brain as if it had never happened.
Teddie allowed herself just a second to feel and enjoy the lightness of this other body. It was not really a spirit, and not a ghost, as Lhatu had gone to great pains to reassure her. In fact, it was a purely physical phenomenon that had nothing to do with either religion or death. This was Teddie’s body on another plane of existence, a real plane in nature consisting only of electromagnetic energy that coexisted with the heavy solid plane that she normally inhabited. 
Teddie saw Lhatu’s warning look and stern gesture back to her sleeping body, and she nodded reluctantly. This was all she would get for tonight. She willed herself back and then sat up in her chair with a squeal of delight.
“I did it. I did it.”
Lhatu smiled at her fondly. “Teddie, you’ve done it for the last three times that we practiced. But the other two times you wouldn’t listen to me and went flitting around the room in your excitement, and the memories were too long for you to return with. Tonight, you did it and remembered it, and that is what counts. Do you know how to ride a bike?”
“Of course.” Teddie thought everyone knew how to ride a bike.
“Do you remember that first time that you went some distance by yourself and didn’t fall over?” Teddie cringed at the memory. Ariel had defied her parents specific instructions and had tried to teach her eager little sister to ride long before her parents were willing, with a lot of scraped knees and tears ensuing. But yes, she had learned to do it.
“It wasn’t easy the second time you did it, but it was easier than the first, right?” Lhatu asked. Teddie nodded.
“Well, that’s tomorrow evening. A longer ride and a slightly easier one.” 
Teddie was surprised to find herself looking forward to it.

Lhatu and Amy drove her back to the dorm, just as the two of them had picked her up earlier. Lhatu now insisted on accompanying her any time that she left the school, and Amy usually insisted on riding along. Teddie suspected that at first Amy had not totally let go of her suspicions of Lhatu and had assigned herself the role of chaperone. Over the last couple of weeks that much had thankfully changed, and now Amy rode along in the car just in case there was trouble. As she told Lhatu, “You can deal with the troublemakers while I call for help.” Lhatu had willingly accepted Amy as part of his security team, and Teddie was grateful for both of their concern. 

******
Jampa spent the month of January sleeping in the barn at the convent and went out of his way to earn the grudging respect of the nuns who lived there. He performed menial chores for them made easier by his youth and size, and he asked for nothing in return other that his mid-day bit of rice, and the use of their well for water and their barn for shelter.
Slowly Usha was allowed to speak more with him, as long as the two remained outdoors in plain sight of the nuns. It was now generally acknowledged that Jampa was a friend of Usha’s family and Usha was making the difficult decision as to whether she wished to remain at the convent or was meant to return to the life she had fled. At least, the nuns assumed that it was a difficult decision.
In truth, Usha longed to leave the austere quiet of the convent so much that she was willing to travel with any decent person who would take her along. Jampa easily exceeded her minimum requirements. He had shown himself to be resourceful and helpful, and his day-to- day actions were filled with the kindness instilled in him by the monks who had raised him. 
She was on a quest to find a safe place to live where she could make her own living by any means other than prostitution, and from where she could eventually make easy and safe contact with her family. It turned out that he was on a quest of his own. He was seeking the only family he had ever known, a sister of whom he only had vague memories and who he was reluctant to discuss in much detail. Usha was certain that she and Jampa were meant to travel together. As soon as the winter began to creep back up the mountain, Usha had every intention of informing the nuns of her reluctant decision to return to the secular world.

******
When the truck did finally arrive, Vanida was dubious that these reinforcements were going to be particularly useful for a while. The girls appeared scared, disoriented and untrained, and they huddled together while Khae walked around making her selections. Vanida decided that Khae must be a regular buyer, as the two men in the front of the truck let her take her time. She poked at some of the girls with a stick and gauged their reactions. Vanida wondered if Khae was looking for the particularly docile, or for the more alert.
In the end Khae bought five new girls, all of whom seemed sluggish, like they would be easy to train. Vanida sighed. Too bad for the girls, but their compliance would make her own life easier. Then, as Khae turned away, Vanida smiled when she saw one of the new young women become considerably more alert once she was no longer being watched by her new owner. Ah well. It looked like she might have a sister-in-spirit after all.
The girl noticed Vanida’s attention and whispered. “You don’t by any chance speak English, do you?”
“Yes. Some French. Some Japanese. I’m learning Russian now.” Her Thai accent was still heavy, but Vanida knew that she now spoke well enough to be understood.
The girl’s eyes widened. “Where am I?”
What? She didn’t even know where she was? Vanida shook her head. Maybe this one wasn’t so smart after all. 
“Where do you think you are?”
“I was in India,” the young woman replied a little defensively.
Vanida had to laugh then at her own ignorance. She had no idea that they bothered to truck girls in from so far away. Why? There were plenty to be had in the countryside right around Bangkok.
“Well, you are in Thailand now, sweetheart,” Vanida said, adopting Khae’s manner of speaking without even realizing it. “You belong to one of Patpong’s best floor shows and brothels.”
To the girl’s credit she expressed neither surprise nor dismay. “That’s about what I figured.” The girl hesitated like she was weighing her options while Khae continued to dicker with the two men about price. “What can you tell me about surviving here?”
Vanida did not mean to be unkind, but frankly just taking care of Vanida was a full-time job. She didn’t need another one. “Not much, unless you know something useful to tell me,” she said.
“I can tell you a lot about Western men, and, well, the world at large,” the girl offered. “My name is Michelle, and I’m American.”
American? Vanida thought. Those people had resources. How had one of them ended up here? This could be useful.
 “Okay, worldly Michelle. I know things about this place. You look Vietnamese. Let people think you are. You’ll be safer that way.”
“I’m trying hard not to get any special attention,” Michelle said.
Vanida nodded her approval. “You’re smart. Don’t talk much. I’ll teach you some Vietnamese words.”
“I already know a few. Not many.”
“Learn more,” Vanida advised. “I’ll get Khae to let me spend time training you. She’s nervous when two girls become friends, so I’ll be rude to you around her. You be rude to me back. Okay?” Vanida smiled. 
“Okay.” For the first time since she had felt the bee sting in the earring shop in Darjeeling, Michelle felt a bit of hope. 

******
Pavel could be a patient man, and he knew how to put his personal desires on hold. Contrary to what he supposed many people thought, one did not rise to a position like his by merely being ruthless, or even just ruthless and smart. Self-discipline was essential. A man had to know how to prioritize and to put his business needs ahead of his own indulgences. Pavel had seen many a man brought down, not by the law or by his enemies, but by his own vices.
With his wife and children now returned home from Turkey and school back in session, his life was back to its normal routine. This particular winter was dreary and colder than usual, and now his wife was talking about a getaway to somewhere exotic. She had her sights set on Thailand next month. The nanny could watch the kids. How about a romantic week on the beach?
Pavel sighed. He’d be bored to tears in two days. However, he recognized that his wife and children were useful to his public image in many ways and could be problematic if sufficiently alienated. They could be even more problematic if eliminated. So the occasional humoring was a piece of necessary business as well. 
He had financial concerns in Thailand. Perhaps he could settle his wife into a nice resort, head into Bangkok after a “romantic” day or two, look after a few business things, and return a day or two before their departure. She’d be miffed of course, but the lovely jewelry he’d bring back from Bangkok with him would go a long way towards soothing her.
Did he really want to spend three or four days in Bangkok? The city did have its charms. It also had that girl that Nandi had stupidly kidnapped for him before Christmas. Maybe he should go ahead and look her up as a consolation prize. Pavel allowed his thoughts to linger for a moment on the possibilities. 
Very well, he’d go to the beach like a normal husband, and he’d also take his few days in Bangkok to check on his holdings. There was, after all, nothing like a personal visit from the boss to keep any enterprise running smoothly. And if some of Bangkok’s pleasures enticed him while he was visiting, then so be it. He was a grown man and entitled to a little recreation now and then.
Then when he got back, he needed to hire some additional talent to find this elusive virgin. There were men who specialized in this sort of thing, men who could find anyone. Of course that was the way to go. Vasily and his goons clearly had not been up to the challenges posed by this clever girl. Forget the threats and the other crass measures that Vasily utilized in his day-to-day work. It was time to apply some professional finesse to the situation.

******
After Teddie successfully reentered her solid body with her memory of the experience intact, she approached her lessons with Lhatu with a new-found urgency. The man knew how to do something, and he could teach her. She wanted nothing more than to get to her friend Michelle, and to get to her quickly.
Of course, Lhatu insisted this could not happen right away. He likened the process to scuba diving. Very safe, only if one knew what one was doing. But just because a new diver has managed to go under water, breathe for a few minutes without panicking, and emerge safely, it hardly means that they are ready to explore submerged wrecks at the bottom of the sea.
“So many explanations of out-of-body experiences portray it as a simple and safe process, and it is, for most people, because their consciousness never really leaves their body. Teddie, I cannot stress this enough. Everyone’s consciousness exists in a physical, heavy body and simultaneously in a lighter body in a reality that exactly matches the heavy one. I know that you’re not so fond of physics, but you must at least accept that the two realities coexist in the same physical space and they are linked. When your two consciousness streams are split apart and each takes in different input as a result of your lighter body choosing to separate from your heavier body, this is a potentially difficult and even dangerous situation. It requires great care.”
“Doesn’t my mist body have its own eyes and brain?” Teddie had decided that she preferred the term “mist body” even though Lhatu kept insisting that only the terms “light body” or “energy body” were technically accurate and that “mist body” was misleading because absolutely no water vapor was involved. On this issue, Teddie ignored him.
“It does, sort of, but your ‘mist body,’ as you insist on calling it, has inputs and memories that are as temporary as the separation itself is. To use your own terms, there is, well, a sort of physical entanglement between your mist brain and your solid one. When you travel they become separated, but in a very real sense they still touch. Like two entangled electrons in particle physics. Einstein called it ‘spooky action at a distance,’ and scientists today know it to be a real phenomenon even at a macroscopic level.”
Lhatu saw Teddie’s eyes glaze over at the mention of particle physics and he stopped. “The most important point for you to remember, Teddie, is that the two brains must be reunited fairly quickly, and when they are, only the memory of one can be preserved. The default is the memory of your solid brain. That is everyone’s default. We are working to change that setting for you, and one messes with the defaults of nature at some peril. Do you understand?”
Teddie nodded, but what she really understood was that she had to keep working a while longer before Lhatu would let her go find Michelle. Very well. She would simply learn as fast as she possibly could, so she could end this nonsense before her friend had to endure a single extra minute of her horrible ordeal.
19. February 2012: Unlearning

The jury was still out as far as Amy was concerned as to whether Lhatu was a well-meaning kook who believed passionately in something that was impossible or whether he was an adept with a rare and powerful talent that he was in the process of teaching to her young friend. Amy watched closely and saw nothing but concern in Lhatu’s actions. Everything he taught Teddie about relaxation and self-control was positive and potentially useful for a healthy life, and it served to keep the girl calm during what was certainly a difficult time. So, whether the man’s claims of superpowers were true or not, Amy saw no reason not to be supportive of his efforts. 
However, she also saw no reason not to be out there hunting for Michelle herself. She had considerable real resources, and she quietly worked her networks hard. Finally she was able to get word that a month ago a van packed with barely conscious, naked young women had been spotted traveling through the back roads of Burma, providing lavish tips to the various local police who stopped them. Removing the girls’ clothes had of course discouraged attempts at escape, and Amy guessed that sedation with over-the-counter motion sickness medicine not only prevented motion sickness, it also prevented all manner of trouble from the scared and desperate people crammed into the back of the van.
Neither of Amy’s sources had gotten a good look at the girls, but both reported seeing a mix of South Asian features and guessed that girls from places as diverse as India, Pakistan and Nepal were being sent on to Southeast Asia to provide variety in the brothels.
Amy decided that the timing sounded right, and she would trace this van’s route both forward and backward—backward to confirm that Michelle had been included, forward to find Michelle, of course, but also to show Lhatu that she, Amy, was quite capable too. 
She had to laugh at herself. Okay, so there was just a little bit of competitiveness involved. She clearly lacked any sort of weird ability, and maybe she had felt a little left out when she hadn’t noticed a thing as Teddie made her first successfully remembered OBE. All she had been able to see was Teddie sleeping unremarkably in a chair, and then wonder at all the cheering that the other two did afterwards. 
Amy thought about it and decided that there was no harm in her desire to prove that her own worth to this little three-person team went beyond providing a comfortable living room. Ten years of hard work had left her incredibly informed on this subject, and if that could find Michelle before all this vapor body traveling did, then no one had cause for complaint.

******
Vanida had never had a real friend other than the boy Pêe chaai, and possibly Noi who had given her all the books to read when she was young. She did not know that her age was seventeen. She only knew that she had coped with the last year of her life by deciding that she was now a hardened older woman, impervious to the needs of others and looking out for herself in a harsh and uncaring world. It was the same as the worldview held by most of the women she knew who were surviving life in the sex industry. 
She hadn’t seen Pêe chaai now for months and wondered if they had outgrown their need for each other. Perhaps. Or maybe she had ceased to heed his calls. Now that she had a firmer understanding of exactly what her place in this world was, perhaps she didn’t feel worthy of his friendship.
She laughed at that idea. He was a silly monk, ignorant in all the ways of this world. What did she need him for? Let him go play, turning somersaults in the air. She had a real woman’s responsibility now and needed no one, certainly not him.
Except possibly she did need this new girl Michelle. This improbable prisoner, who had arrived along with the last batch of scared country girls, was different. While the other new girls remained drugged and chained to beds upstairs until they acclimated to their new life, Michelle had quickly established herself as an experienced and willing addition. Only Vanida had seen her throwing up in the bathroom after her first trick, and suspected that the bravado was an act designed to get her more freedom more quickly.
 Vanida had been right. It turned out that Michelle was educated, well informed and determined to escape. She told Vanida that she wanted to avoid unnecessary beatings that would only sap her will. She wanted to avoid being drugged any further, particularly by anything addictive, because she knew that was a common way to gain a girl’s ongoing cooperation. Finally, she wanted to have enough awareness and control in her encounters with men to try to entice them into condom use. She figured that every time she succeeded was one less time she had to play Russian Roulette. 
Vanida had pressed Michelle for more information about these sexually transmitted diseases, a topic that Noi had only mentioned to Vanida in passing. Michelle was more than happy to provide far more detail.
Michelle’s goals were impressively pragmatic. She intended to escape this place as quickly as possible without becoming HIV-positive or pregnant, without a drug addiction and without permanent physical scars. She’d told Vanida bluntly that she’d deal with all the emotional scars later. Vanida realized that she had never met anyone quite like Michelle.
However, the American lacked information about local customs and languages, and that was where Vanida came into the picture. Michelle was willing to trade her broader knowledge about diseases and drugs and her contacts with some aid organization back in India for Vanida’s help. The two of them could escape together.
Vanida was all for the information exchange, but she had to explain sadly to Michelle that a woman like Vanida would gain nothing by escaping. She had no family, no options and no other kind of life to turn to. Michelle disagreed.
“Sure, you can keep working your sex act in a bar if you want,” she said. “That doesn’t mean someone has to own you. No one should be able to tell you that you have to turn tricks and how often and with who. You can earn money performing and go home to your own place when you are done. You decide if you ever want to trade sex for money and under what terms. You could even learn other skills, Vanida. You could get out of Bangkok.”
“Khae would just hunt me down. She paid for me,” Vanida replied.
“And she’s more than made her money back. I know people who can help you with this. Once you get away you might be able to negotiate your freedom by just paying her a little something for it. Or, I can help you to get far enough away that hunting you down isn’t worth her effort. Trust me Vanida, right now you live at the absolute bottom of the food chain here, and it doesn’t have to be this bad. Help me and I can help you.”
Vanida considered the possibility. “You want to pass along men who ask for you, give them to girls who want the business?” A look of deep relief passed across Michelle’s face as Vanida elaborated. “We’ll be careful about how we do it or Khae will think we are friends. Pretend you’re watching me and copy. Okay?”
Vanida thought for a minute more. “Not turning tricks is easier if you’re good at something else. You shoot anything out your pussy?”
“Hell no,” Michelle sputtered out a laugh. “That wasn’t something they taught at Jefferson Junior High. Let’s see. I was okay in drill team when I was a freshman. I aced chemistry last year. In fact I was so good at chemistry that I was thinking about pharmacy for a profession.”
“You mean drugs? You don’t want to touch that world here. What else do you do in chemistry?”
“I don’t know. You basically mix stuff up. In just the right amounts. You know?”
Vanida thought. “You ever make fancy drinks? Like Mai Tai?”
“I used to make fancy drinks in the blender all the time at home. Without alcohol. I love mixing things up,” Michelle said.
“You can read English, right?” Vanida asked. Seeing Michelle’s eye roll she went on. “I’ll borrow a book in English on how to make drinks. You can learn it. Convince Khae that you subbed as a bartender on busy nights where you used to work. She thinks you’ve been in the business a while, and a good, fast bartender she trusts is harder to find than a scared girl to tie to a bed. On slow nights you dance and serve drinks and give your business away. On busy nights, you’ll be more useful behind the bar and she won’t make you turn tricks.”
“I like it. I like it a lot.” Michelle smiled with relief.
And so, Vanida kind of had a new friend, or at least a new business partner, who didn’t think that Vanida belonged at the absolute bottom of the food chain just because someone had sold her as a small child to Pim and Noi. Privately, the girls continued to talk their way through various escape options while publically they did all they could not to arouse Khae’s suspicions.

******
Olumiji had promised to give Lola ongoing accurate reports, and she had promised to use the greatest of wisdom in dealing with the information. Although Teddie video-chatted weekly with her mom and dad, Lola relied on Olumiji’s weekly calls for the full picture. 
In early February he was able to tell her that Teddie remained completely safe and in relatively good spirits and that she had made some sort of breakthrough in using her abilities. Lhatu was hopeful that in a few weeks she could make her first foray to seek out Michelle. All six telepaths continued their round-the-clock surveillance and would do so until Teddie was back safe in Texas. 
Usha remained off everybody’s radar. Amy was hard at work trying to learn more about the girl’s initial buyer and was seeking assurance that he too had been unable to locate her.
Olumiji was able to make only occasional mental contact with Michelle. She was an incredible young woman who had focused all of her impressive intelligence and courage into surviving this ordeal. Along with that focus came a mental wall, one she had erected for herself to keep her own fears and revulsion at bay. Unfortunately the wall worked to keep Olumiji out as well, keeping his glimpses into her world short and rare. 
He was fairly certain that she was in Southeast Asia, and at a brothel. She was physically unharmed. She had endured multiple episodes of unwanted sex with clients, choosing not to resist physically. Olumiji had touched her mind after one such episode and felt her tears. He told Lola that afterwards he had cried too.

******
Lhatu began to spend more time on theory, much to Teddie’s frustration. Teddie did not care why out-of-body experiences were possible. She didn’t even particularly care right now how they worked. She only cared about having an OBE so that she could go find Michelle in the same way that she had found Usha last fall. In fact, she also wanted to go find Usha, too, just to make sure that her new friend was as safe for the moment as everyone seemed to think.
But the more she resisted the information Lhatu was trying to give her, the more Lhatu insisted that she must learn it. 
“Who is it that truly understands that the laws of this universe don’t always work in the way our senses tell us they do? Children. Mystics. Scientists pushing the very forefront of our understanding of the universe,” he told her at their next session.
“Ask people if an apple will always fall to the earth once it breaks free from the tree and one hundred normal adults will all tell you that it will. But a child will say ‘maybe not, because it could float into the hand of a magic genie.’ A mystic will tell you that he himself could levitate the apple if he wanted to. And a physicist will begin instructing you on stronger and weaker gravitational fields and then move on to the oddities of warped space, and, if you are still listening, he might even begin to discuss probability functions with you. They are all scratching at the same truth, you know, namely that this universe is far more complicated and interesting than our day-to-day experiences would lead us to believe.”
Lhatu did not often touch Teddie, but now he took her head into his heads and looked deep into her eyes.
“You are having to unlearn many, many of your assumptions in order to absorb this new material that I am teaching you,” he spoke slowly, trying to convey the importance of the concept. “This unlearning is as important as anything else we do. Just as a scuba diver cannot afford to panic and respond as she would on dry land, in an emergency you cannot afford to panic and respond as you would in your solid body. You must unlearn those responses.”
He let go of her gently, and his eyes were pleading. “Please.”
Teddie took a deep breath and tried to focus. She told herself that she was going deep under water and had to learn the rules for her own survival. This could not be rushed. She opened her mind to learning.
By the end of the evening Lhatu was more pleased than she had ever seen him. “When you come tomorrow night, you will go traveling out of the building for the first time,” he told her. “I will try to go with you, even though staying together is difficult for any two travelers. It is like trying to move in a heavy current together. I think by the end of the week you will be ready to be traveling on your own and ready to start seeking your friend. You’ve done very, very well tonight.”
As had become normal for them, Amy and Lhatu both took Teddie back to her dorm at school. It was late and Haley was already sound asleep, a long note about today’s math assignment lying on Teddie’s chair. Teddie was so happy that as she fell asleep it never occurred to her that she could or would take off on her own, without Lhatu’s okay.

******
She snuggled comfortably against her pillow, and then she was back at the convent where she had found Usha a few months ago. She was floating silently just above the ground, passing through walls at will with only a slight tickle, just as she had before the training began. She didn’t remember the trip there, and she thought that maybe somewhere in her sessions with Lhatu he had taught her how to keep her consciousness in her solid body during the tedious journey and to only fully occupy her mist body once she arrived at her destination. Had he taught her that? Not specifically, she thought, but the skill may well have been embedded in other exercises. 
Once again she saw that Usha slept comfortably on a pile of cloth and blankets on the floor in a room with four other women. Her friend seemed unharmed and unchanged except maybe for a bit more of a healthy glow about her. Perhaps ample fresh air, more physical work and a better diet had offered benefits to her city-bound bookworm friend?
Once she felt certain that Usha was fine, she felt a gentle tug to come back outside. The boy was there again, the one who had done such creative somersaults before. The girl was nowhere to be seen. The most unusual sight, however, was the slumbering body of the boy just inside of the barn door. He lived here? At the very least he was staying here for the night.
She longed to ask him questions, and once again chafed at the inability of mist bodies to successfully use sound waves. At least now she understood why the world of the adept traveler was a completely silent one.
“Sound and light are totally different,” Lhatu explained to her only a week ago. “Sound must travel through a medium that vibrates. There simply is nothing with enough substance to make sound in what you call the mist world. Light, however, can travel anywhere—it even travels through a vacuum in space. Your mist world is far more of an abode of light than it is of water vapor. That is, as you know, why we call it the world of c3.”
“So there’s no way to talk at all?” Teddie remembered asking him in frustration.
“Not in the sense that you mean,” Lhatu had answered. “One has to communicate visually. You can’t pick up a pen. Your hand will pass right through it. But, there’s no universal law at work preventing two travelers from using sign language. In fact, most adept travelers learn a form of universal sign language just for this purpose.”
Teddie looked at the boy and wondered if he knew any sign language. She tried the motion for a military salute that meant hello to deaf Americans, and then she realized that the boy clearly wasn’t from her home country. Was there a different universal sign of greeting?
It didn’t seem to matter. The boy mimicked her gesture with a smile, and then they looked at each other. Now what.
Teddie wanted to scream. She wanted to ask, “How do you know Usha? Is she okay?” She wanted to demand answers to questions like, “Why do you keep showing up here?” But she didn’t know where to start and so she just looked at the boy helplessly.

******
Jampa had fallen asleep in the barn with the door open. It was a surprisingly warm night, and as slumber approached he thought again sadly how it had been months now since he had been able to interact with Noom. She ignored his repeated requests to meet him, and he only was able to go to her when she was sound asleep. 
Several times now he had managed to find her, looking sadly at her body curled up on a filthy cot. Each time he could see the hardness growing in the lines on her face. What were these people doing to her, his sister? Each time he had looked around, trying to learn more about where she was—the better to help him find her. He had no sense of temperature when he traveled in his special body, but judging from the looks of those there, the place was warm, perhaps uncomfortably so.
The house was filled with mostly women, and each time when he went exploring, Jampa had been horrified to find some of them tied to their beds, clearly held against their own wills. Their half-dried tears and the bruises on their bodies made it all too obvious what was happening. Other than that he saw much written in a language he could not read as he whisked through the streets of a massive city to return each time to the barn he had begun to think of as home. 
Tonight, he had fallen asleep calling to his sister, but instead he found himself in his special body, greeting the Western girl he had seen here months ago. She gave him a funny sort of salute and he saluted back. She seemed friendly and harmless, but frustrated by her inability to talk to him. 
He was going to turn and simply reenter his sleeping body, at a loss for what else to do, when it occurred to him that this girl must a have reason for returning to this convent. Usha had mentioned friends looking for her. She had told him that she had friends from some fancy school in India, but that didn’t mean that her friends were all necessarily from India.
Jampa gestured to the convent, and the girl seemed to understand and agree. She followed him, floating a little closer to the ground than he chose to, and moving a little more slowly. She was less experienced in her second body than he was, he decided, but more confidant than the last time that he met her.
They moved silently together into the room that held the sleeping Usha, and Jampa thought that perhaps they now both shared the same theory. Jampa pointed and nodded and put his hand over his heart. The girl did the same. There was no more that they could say. My friend. Your friend. Our friend. Jampa wanted to promise the Western girl that he would work hard to keep Usha safe, but he had no idea how to do so. 

******
Teddie followed the boy into the convent, happy that he so clearly wanted to communicate with her. He pointed to Usha and she nodded emphatically. He nodded back with the same enthusiasm. He was connected to Usha somehow. How? It didn’t matter. Clearly the boy intended to look out for Usha, and Teddie felt so much better knowing that Usha had someone with her on her side.
Teddie wanted to say to the boy, “Please help to keep her safe,” but she had no idea how to communicate something so complicated. 

******
The next morning Teddie considered calling Lhatu on the precious cell phone she was allowed to keep, but she decided that this needed to be told in person. She had started out meeting with Lhatu and Amy about every other night, so that she would not tire out completely with Lhatu’s lessons and could keep up with her schoolwork. Now that she was making such progress, however, they were meeting every night, anxious to get her hunting for Michelle.
Lhatu and Amy were waiting for her after dinner in front of the dining hall. As she got into the car, it occurred to Teddie that Lhatu might be angry with her for this unauthorized adventure. How could he be? She hadn’t chosen to do it.
But as Lhatu listened to her, he gently disagreed. “On some level, you choose to go, Teddie, and you have to accept that. Your mind has many different levels and they don’t always communicate consciously with each other. But they are all you. You will need to develop the self-discipline to only go traveling when your conscious and logical mind deems that it is safe.”
“But it happened all by itself,” Teddie complained defensively.
“I know that is how it felt. And it is as much my fault as yours for pushing you the way I am, trying to teach you so much so fast,” Lhatu said. “You have a sense of urgency in finding your friends, and you are to be commended for having the courage to go seeking them the way you did. I will teach you more self-control. Meanwhile, we rejoice that you traveled well and returned unharmed.”
“We rejoice about more than that,” Amy interjected with a bit of an edge.
“You bet we do,” Teddie gave her an understanding look. “I know you might not totally believe me, Amy, but I am sure that Usha is okay for now and even has a friend who is looking out for her.”
“I’m working on figuring out just how much of this I believe,” Amy said, watching Lhatu’s reaction.
“I know this,” he replied softly. “You care so much about these young women that you are willing to let me, a man you despised for years, into your home night after night, on the off chance that I can provide a means to help them.”
Then as Lhatu parked the car and they got out, he turned back to Teddie. 
“Can you tell me anything more about this boy?” 
“He kind of looks and dresses like you,” she offered hesitantly. “I mean he’s younger and smaller and his skin is a little darker but …”
“But he is a Buddhist, from somewhere in or near Bhutan?”
“Yes, I think so. I don’t mean to insult you here, but shouldn’t you already know about a Bhutanese monk who is really good at traveling?”
“Yes, yes I should.” Lhatu actually laughed. “That’s why I am asking about him.”
The trio walked the short distance to Amy’s apartment, and Lhatu talked while he kept his eyes vigilant for anything amiss. He never forgot that “bodyguard” was in his job description any time he had Teddie off campus.
“There is a sort of—I think what your culture would call an urban legend,” Lhatu explained. “Various travelers claim to have encountered two children over the years. Children don’t really travel, normally, and the experience is generally very frightening to a child if it happens.”
Teddie thought back to floating into her brother Zane’s room on New Year’s Eve of 1999, and she nodded.
“But these two children seem to always be fearless, adept and completely self-sufficient. One theory was that they were twins who had been separated, and had discovered traveling as a means to find each other and play together. Likely both of their lives were pretty bleak, and they were linked at the most profound of levels, having spent nine months in a womb together. Every so often an adept would run into the two of them. The children would wave and then go back to their games as if what they were doing was the most natural thing in the world. Their solid bodies were never nearby, so we could never approach them and learn more.”
They walked into Amy’s apartment and headed to the living room. Amy normally let them be at this point for a while, but tonight she sat down with them, also intrigued by Lhatu’s story. 
“Having a ‘twin sighting’ got to be sort of badge in my organization over the last decade or so,” Lhatu explained. “Then a few years ago a couple of travelers noticed that the children were becoming less childlike. Approaching puberty. It led credence to the theory that these were real human children who traveled fairly far to be with each other, and the group talked about ways to try to find their solid bodies, to reach out to them and offer them some information and training. Once we got serious about it, no one has seen them since.”
“So you think maybe I finally saw your twins, all grown up?” Teddie asked.
“The age sounds about right. The problem is that they were never seen separately. Some of us even guessed that they were unable to travel alone. Are you sure that the boy who is with Usha now is that very same boy you saw doing somersaults with the girl months ago?”
“I’m positive,” Teddie said. “And he was living at Usha’s convent and he pointed to her and put his hand over his heart.”
“He’s in love with her?” Amy asked.
“Maybe,” Teddie thought, “but it seemed more like a gesture of friendship than romance. I responded by doing the same thing and he nodded. It was like saying that we both cared about her.” 
Lhatu looked troubled.
“Isn’t this good news?” Amy asked.
“Possibly,” Lhatu said. “There is a lot more theory to what I do, more theory than I could begin to explain in the time we have.”
“Try just a couple of salient points,” Amy suggested with a hint of frustration.
“Such directness is part of your culture, not mine,” Lhatu replied. “But I will try to tell two Westerners why finding this boy alone worries me, and I will try to do so in the style of the West. Do not get frustrated with me when concepts that require much groundwork to understand sound only silly when said to you in your famous few words.”
“I will allow ample leeway for that,” Amy said.
“Okay. Everything is interconnected physically, in space. It all touches, like the water in the ocean. You can pull out a cupful here or there but it’s still part of the ocean.”
Amy’s eye roll was visible to both Teddie and Lhatu. “I like new age metaphysics as much as the next person,” she said. “But…”
Lhatu gave her a smile back that wasn’t entirely friendly. “The boy and girl are powerfully connected. These children, these barely grown children, they do not understand their own strength. They are waves on the ocean. They are part of the whole but with a force of their own. Possibly a strong force. The boy has now forged a connection with Usha, so they are connected to us as well. Where is the girl? The ocean, the universe will balance this out, and good and bad are terms that we humans apply, not terms that the ocean understands. Balance will happen. We humans will deem it good or bad based on its outcome for those we care for.”
Lhatu stopped and looked at Amy. “Does that make any sense at all to you?”
Teddie could have sworn that she heard just a touch of condensation in Lhatu’s normally kind voice, and she supposed that it was understandable given that Amy had pushed him to explain his deepest truths in a few sentences after he had told her such could not be done well.
This time Amy surprised Teddie, with the kindness in her voice. “Thank you Lhatu. It makes perfect sense.” She seemed to mean it, and Teddie could not help notice that Lhatu looked at Amy with a new appreciation.


 

 20. February 2012: Finding

Over the next several nights, Teddie got to begin to hone her skills as a traveler with actual practice. Of course, each night still started off with verbal instructions from Lhatu.
“There are basically three kinds of traveling,” he told her, “and it matters which one you have chosen to do, and if you encounter other travelers, it matters which type they are engaged in as well. Would you like to try to guess one of the three types?”
Teddie really didn’t care to guess, but she had figured out that this sort of participation from her was part of Lhatu’s teaching technique.
“I guess one kind would be just sort of wandering around.”
“Exactly!” Lhatu seemed quite pleased with her. “The first type of traveler is a wanderer. The inexperienced and untrained generally do only this, and often their memories will not make it back into their solid body’s stream of consciousness. Beginning travelers usually make about ten times as many trips in their energy bodies than they can recall. You did. I watched you wandering around far more times than you remember. If you do encounter another traveler who is wandering, it helps to know that they have a higher probability of never recalling the encounter.”
“So experienced travelers don’t wander?” Teddie asked.
“Oh of course they do,” Lhatu said. “It’s relaxing and often you learn things. It’s like going for a casual walk. It’s not a bad thing. So what do you think is the second kind of traveling?”
“Uh, not wandering?” Teddie tried. “I mean, traveling for a purpose.”
“Yes, you have the right idea. We call it seeking. Looking for something or someone. Now, you are still learning about wandering, but in a few nights we will move on to seeking. It should be obvious to you why seeking is an important skill in your situation.”
She nodded. “What’s the third kind?” Teddie asked.
Lhatu smiled. “Let’s try not to get more than one step ahead of ourselves, okay?”

The first trip involved merely going out to the street and back, and, as promised, Lhatu tried to stay next to her as she moved through the apartment walls in the vast silence. Before they left, Lhatu had reviewed issues with her about passing through objects that were impermeable in the solid world, and once they were outside they traveled in and out of a few parked cars for practice. Glass, metal, brick and wood each had a faintly different feel, and passing through a large living creature like a tree resulted in a slight exchange of energy, giving a light tingle that Teddie could feel immediately.
Upon return, Lhatu reviewed the techniques of passing through objects with her. No wall was impenetrable, but psychological issues could make some seem to be a barrier. Relax. Or find another more creative way in. Drop in through the chimney.
Massive solids, like walking into cliffs or dropping below the ground, should be avoided because this had a tendency to leave one too disoriented to be able to exit. Avoid. Worst case, snap back to one’s solid body before panic sets in. 
Occupying the same space as a living creature should be quick and kept to a minimum, lest it begin to drain the life force of either being. Unless one is in a huge hurry, go around the trees. Finally, one should never be in a huge hurry.
On the next night Teddie was instructed to do her best to stay with Lhatu. He didn’t tell her ahead of time where he planned to go. As she did her best to stay with him as he went down to the corner, she got her first appreciation for why travelers generally moved alone. 
Afterwards Lhatu reviewed issues concerning speed and distance with her. One didn’t have solid feet to push off of the ground, producing the reliable direction and velocity that one was used to in the solid world. Traveling in an energy body was a little like skydiving or swimming in a fast river. The net result was that one needed to focus on one’s own movement for safety and effectiveness. Adept travelers on the move could manage to stay together for a little while, but doing so required so much attention that it was seldom attempted. 
The third trip consisted of going upstairs to Amy’s bedroom, where Amy had agreed with them ahead of time that she could be spied upon so that Lhatu could deliver a lesson on proximity to solid awake people. This trip proved the most interesting. Amy was lying on her bed reading. A few feet away from her lay a large white poster board on which she had written in clear green magic marker, “Tell me you saw this and I will believe that you can do this.” 
Teddie clapped her hands at Amy’s cleverness, but Lhatu looked pained as soon as he saw the sign. He put his finger to his lips and shook his head. Later, after they returned, he whispered to Teddie. “Let me talk to her about this alone, okay? It changes things, in subtle ways, once a non-traveler knows for sure that what we do is absolute fact. Doubts have their role.” He did not look happy about Amy’s strategy, and so Teddie reluctantly agreed to let Lhatu talk to Amy privately about seeing the sign.
Instead she listened to a theory about life-force and how solid beings could sometimes sense a traveler even though they could not explain why they felt another’s presence. Getting the “willies” or the feeling of a location being haunted was often caused by nothing more than a traveler passing too close to a solid person.
After the three trips in succession, Lhatu insisted that they take a break for two nights, and let Teddie get caught up at school. She reluctantly agreed, and tried to get some studying done while she fretted about her friends’ safety. 
They met again on Wednesday night, February 29. Teddie had always liked this odd leap day that got stuck into the calendar thanks to the fact that the earth did not take an even number of days to go once around the sun. Even though she knew better, it always felt like a bonus day that had been added into her life. So she was in good spirits already, and happily surprised when Lhatu announced calmly that it was time for Teddie to seek Michelle.
“You’re willing to let me make such a long trip?” she asked. 
“You have enough basics that I am confident now in your safety, so we lose nothing by letting you try. I will stay here with your resting body, and we’ll see if by chance your own emotional connection will allow you to find Michelle as easily as you found Usha. If so, sooner is better and tonight is best of all. If you cannot find her, and even if you can, I will teach you next about learning to seek. But you need not have this knowledge for what you do tonight.”
That made sense to Teddie. She noticed that Amy was paying them less attention this evening, and that the woman seemed a little distracted and disappointed. Teddie guessed that Lhatu must not yet have talked to her about the big green note she left them. She must be starting to worry that all these travel attempts are nothing more than nonsense, Teddie thought, and she hoped that Lhatu would set Amy straight soon.
As Teddie worked her way through the relaxation and concentration exercises, she was all too aware that this would be her first conscious travel attempt over any distance. It was sort of like that first time you take off driving all by yourself. 
To keep from being nervous, Teddie let her mind play a soothing song, and found that she was humming “Everywhere,” the country music tribute to a man who loved to travel and yet saw his stay-at-home ex-girlfriend in the crowd wherever he went. That was funny. Over the last couple of months it had seemed like she’d seen Michelle everywhere she looked. Must be a common thing when you missed someone. 
Teddie thought sadly of the used black and white two-tone pick-up truck setting in her folks’ driveway. She’d only been able to drive by herself for four months before she’d headed to India. She thought of all the places she and Michelle had driven in it before they left and all the places they hadn’t yet gotten a chance to explore. She felt a little pang, and then there she was. Standing outside her truck in the blazing sunlight. Of course. It was daytime in Texas. Her folks were at work. Her truck looked fine. She touched its faded paint lovingly but she couldn’t feel it like she could in the solid world. “I’ll be back in a few months,” she mouthed the words. Then she added, “Now I want to go to my friend Michelle.”
Right away she began to move quickly, speeding down the sidewalk and then down streets and she thought, “Wait, I know this route. I’m on my way to Michelle’s house.” And sure enough, Teddie found herself on Michelle’s front lawn, baffled. Had Michelle come home? She hesitated, feeling odd about invading the Tran’s privacy. She told herself sternly that her friend’s safety was at stake. The outside wall of their house was harder to penetrate than the walls at Usha’s convent, instead of merely tickling her, it left Teddie with a feeling of passing through some kind of unpleasant mush as she went through it. Ick. 
Inside it was deserted. Both Trans were at work as well, and Michelle’s room showed no signs of having been disturbed any time recently. 
“Take me home,” Teddie said in frustration. She felt a momentary confusion, as if on some level she was trying to decide if home was across town or across a world. That’s when she realized that she had somehow covered thousands of miles and crossed an ocean and she had no idea of how she had done it. She froze in absolute terror. 
Come on. There was no way she could float back across a whole damn ocean with giant waves under her. And there was no way she was going high up in the sky either. So how was she going to get back to her body? Shit. Why had she gone so far away? Now she was going to be stuck separated forever. She felt the panic grow and fought for the calm that Lhatu had tried so hard to teach her.
“If you get into trouble, see the cord that connects this vapor body of yours back to your solid body. It’s not always visible, but you can see it if you try.”
Teddie had been dubious when Lhatu told her that, and she was more dubious now. Until she remembered four-year-old Teddie seeing a sparkly green cord connecting her back to her solid body in her own room. In fact, she remembered four-year-old Teddie seeing that cord and then being back in her own body with a snap.
Snap. Teddie was back inside Teddie, the solid Teddie, and she had never been more glad. Lhatu was holding her wrist, monitoring her pulse. 
“I was wrong. It was too soon for you to try this, wasn’t it?” he asked. 
She gave him a fearful nod. “I thought I might be stuck out there, that I might never get back,” she said. “I don’t know if I want to do this anymore.”
“Maybe you don’t have to,” Amy said as she walked into the room, a sense of purpose clear in her every step. She turned to Lhatu. “This has been interesting, but if it’s scaring Teddie then it’s time for it to stop.”
“Please,” he said. “We still can do this. I just have to prepare her better.”
“You don’t have to do anything,” Amy said evenly. “Teddie’s tired of this. And I’ve just found Michelle.”

******
One of the things that Pavel liked best about being him was how people jumped to please him. Once they knew who he was, waiters, store clerks and bureaucrats alike would fall over themselves trying to make him happy. But none tried harder that his own employees. Being the boss had its perks.
His brothel in Bangkok was one of the more successful in the city, thanks to Pavel’s fairly heavy financial investment in it and his ongoing oversight. It was good to diversify, and a mutually beneficial arrangement with local businessmen allowed him to operate here without hassle. 
He saw to it that his manager, Khae, ran the place like the business it was, with the bar and floor shows bringing in about half the profits and the girls bringing in the other. Khae was a big, half-toothless woman whom Pavel would have found disgusting in other circumstances, but she knew how to handle the girls and she knew what would please the clients and she had a good head for making all the various parts of the enterprise work. 
The new girls upstairs were almost all profit, of course, after the fair amount of overhead he had to invest in procuring them in the first place. Pavel and Khae agreed that a wide variety of girls, ones who were rotated out regularly before they became too jaded, paid off well with a certain clientele that liked that sort of thing. Over the years his brothel had gained a reputation for providing one of the best venues for that particular type of experience, and Pavel had been pleased to learn that an underground publication for sex tourists had recently given his establishment a full five-star rating in that category. “None better,” it had said. He glowed with pride.
Of course, not all men wanted that exact kind of amusement. Some preferred willing girls, selected from the many bikini-clad cocktail waitresses, to accompany them upstairs or back to their own place of lodging. Others just liked to watch the girls perform their pussy tricks on stage and then go back to their hotel rooms to masturbate, feeling like they’d broken no vows. Pavel didn’t care what a man liked. He prided himself on providing entertainment for all tastes.
Tonight was a Wednesday night, but the place was busy, especially for mid-week. Maybe people were more likely to go out and play on an odd day like February 29? It was obvious that the bar had been scrubbed and the floor was freshly mopped. The best girls were onstage, hoping to impress the boss. Khae was running around barking orders, clearly happy to show off how well the business was being run. The bartender looked a little flustered as he poured Pavel his best single malt scotch, and Pavel noticed that the drink orders were starting to pile up.
“You need a third bartender for busy nights like this,” he barked at Khae and she gave him a thumbs-up. 
“Got the perfect back-up, boss. She’s fast, she’s good and she dances and turns tricks when drink orders are slow.”
“You’re training one of the whores to bartend?” he laughed in surprise.
“Why not?” Khae laughed back. “You make better money if you don’t waste people by letting them sit around. So now, thanks to you, I got a good back-up bartender, and I peddle her ass when I don’t need her to make drinks.”
Pavel nodded his approval. “Smart Khae. Smart. Why thanks to me?”
“Why, she’s the girl you told me to get off the last truck. You know, the one you sent a picture of? She looks Vietnamese—says she is—but she acts and talks American. Why didn’t you tell me she was an experienced whore? That girl knows her way around. No tying her to a bed upstairs, she was out there shaking her ass first day she got here.”
“She was?” Pavel was surprised. He’d assumed the girl was a spoiled American innocent, attending some fancy academy. “You sure you got the right girl?” he asked.
“I’ll go get her,” Khae offered. “You’ll see. And you’ll like her. She works hard, causes no trouble. Screw her yourself if you want. She won’t care.”
Later, Pavel thought that as soon as he heard this story he should have known that something was wrong. Certainly he should have figured it out by half an hour later when Khae hadn’t come back. But he got sidetracked watching the girls perform and talking to the bouncer, and it was more than an hour before he decided he’d better find out what could possibly have distracted Khae from her main mission of pleasing her boss.
He never found Khae. She was a smart businesswoman, and she knew quite well what was going to happen to the employee who lost the girl that the boss had flagged as “very important not to lose.” As soon as Khae discovered that not only Michelle was gone, but her best performer Vanida had disappeared as well, she didn’t waste any time. Khae grabbed as much money as she could carry and disappeared into the night.
Pavel turned the place upside-down looking first for Khae, and then for Michelle once he realized what must have happened. He talked to enough flustered employees to figure out that this Michelle, whom he had specifically asked to be placed under special watch, and some girl called Vanida, were both gone. No one knew how or when they had left, but by then the two girls had at least a couple of hours’ head start and maybe more. 
Pavel made a tactical decision to let Khae go. She had far too many friends and family members around, and trouble with her would only draw attention to his status as an outsider. He opted to focus instead on the missing girls, who clearly no one would care about. He alerted all of his business contacts, which included the local police, insisting that the girls be returned promptly if they surfaced. Pavel knew that his clout in the city was enough to ensure that his request would be honored. However, what he had heard of this Michelle gave him pause. How many inexperienced teenage girls had the sense and the ability to pull off the kind of masquerade that this girl had? She sounded way too smart and well informed to go to the police or to anyone else for help.
Pavel blew out a short, disgusted breath. Okay. First the Indian virgin had turned out to be more clever than he realized. Now this little spoiled American had outfoxed him, too. What kind of man gets outwitted by a couple of teen-aged cunts? The anger rose inside him until he could feel it physically. He grabbed the nearby assistant manager.
“You, you’re in charge here now. Straighten this place up tonight and get everything back to normal by morning or I’ll have you killed. I’ll be back tomorrow.” 
He phoned his driver to come get him. It was high time that he hired that expert at locating people that he’d been meaning to call. Only now he had two cases for the man, not one. Two girls whom he intended to take his very slow pleasure with once they were found. Sexually, of course. That would come first and last for a while and feel great. But the really fun part would be after he was done with all that, when he would let himself experience a type of gratification he had denied himself now for four years. 
Before he was done, he would hear both girls beg to be allowed to be nothing more than a pleasure tool for him. Maybe he’d grant each of them one last dance, he laughed, before he made them realize what little power their female charms held over him. He considered his sex toys to be pitifully insignificant when he was through with them.

******
Amy was rightfully proud of her detective work over the last several weeks. As she looked into the van she had heard about, the one that had allegedly departed from Kolkata with nine girls, a contact of Amy’s in Kolkata was able to find a man who delivered supplies to the apartment where the girls had been held. This unidentified informant confided that most of the girls were locals who had been sold by relatives. They had arrived scared but conscious. He admitted that he had been bothered somewhat when one girl had arrived in the trunk of a car. He’d made a point of checking on the girl because he wanted to make sure that she was alive. He didn’t work with murderers. The girl fitted Michelle’s description. That had been enough confirmation for Amy.
International organizations that worked more closely with Southeast Asia then reported to Amy on the clearinghouse in the Burma countryside and the truck traffic leaving from there and moving on to the major cities in Southeast Asia. Bangkok was the usual first stop. Social workers in Thailand had heard nothing about a kidnapped American but speculated that if she was advertised as such then she might garner a fair amount of notoriety amongst the kind of men who liked unwilling captives. There was hope that the agency might eventually get word of her whereabouts. 
It looked like Amy was at a dead end when information came from an unlikely source. An anonymous tip was passed along by the police in Manali, an Indian mountain resort town almost a thousand miles west of Darjeeling. An unnamed citizen had read of a nationwide search for two students from the Lord Peartree Academy, which apparently this citizen had attended years ago. She wished to help her old school but for obvious reasons needed to be discreet. She was aware that a powerful local crime boss originally from Russia was known to have a taste for unwilling virgins. He had been bragging late last summer to other men about a recent purchase he had made from a school over in Darjeeling. Word had gotten out that the deal had fallen through because the girl ran away and then couldn’t be found. This latter part was unusual, and the buyer was quite unhappy. The citizen didn’t know more.
It was all Amy needed.
This morning her contacts verified the name of the buyer. Luckily there weren’t all that many powerful former Russians making their home in Manali. International crime watch groups provided information on the man’s known business interests, which were impressively diversified. He seemed to prefer low-risk projects like pirated CDs, but he also dabbled in drugs, loan sharking and the rest of the usual sad list of lowlife activities. He was most known for keeping a formidable army of thugs—both Russian and Indian—that he rented to anyone who wasn’t a competitor. He handled a little prostitution in India and more in Malaysia and Indonesia. He owned a rather successful brothel in Thailand. Given that was the van’s likely first destination, Amy decided that it was time to turn her attention there.
Informants on the ground in Bangkok were willing to confirm that the business in question made a habit of buying a few new girls fresh off the truck every couple of months and generally sold the used ones to smaller businesses in the area. Had a truck arrived in mid-January? Probably. No one remembered, but one snitch had a contact on the inside. That very evening this particular person had turned out to be happy to provide a full description of the five new girls. 
As Lhatu and Teddie worked downstairs, Amy sat at her computer reading the report of the five girls that Khae had purchased in January. Four of them were terrified girls from tiny villages. The fifth was a hardened Vietnamese prostitute that bore no resemblance to the quiet earnest student Amy had known. Amy scratched her head and then realized what could well have happened.
Her young friend had plenty of time to analyze her situation while she was being transported, and she might have basically decided to affect a powerful personal makeover. Amy’s eyes filled with tears that any young person should have to make such a horrible choice. Yet Amy had to admit that if her guess was correct, then Michelle’s instincts had been excellent. Her chances of survival, eventual escape and even of some degree of ultimate emotional recovery would all be higher if her young friend had found a way to retain some control over her own fate in an unthinkable situation. The more Amy thought about it, the more sure she was.
The whole idea made Amy want to burst into applause for Michelle. But first, she wanted to get the girl out of there, now. So she had stormed downstairs and interrupted a training session with Teddie and Lhatu that clearly had not gone well anyway.
“Let’s contact Interpol. The U.S. embassy. Michelle’s parents.” An excited Teddie didn’t know where to start. Before the evening was over they had contacted them all. 

Teddie returned to the dorm room late the night of February 29, happier than she had been in months. The disastrous trip across the Atlantic was forgotten as she woke Haley.
“We found her! We found her!”
“Michelle or Usha?” Haley was sitting up alert before she got the words out of her mouth. She’d already heard of Teddie’s unauthorized trip to the Buddhist convent earlier and so she knew of Usha’s relative safety for the moment.
“Michelle! They’re sending police now to get her. It’s early morning in Thailand. Amy’s working to get all kinds of international attention focused there so no one will dare cover for these horrible people. They’ll take her straight to a hospital. She’s going to be fine.”
Haley gave Teddie a hug. “Have you talked to her parents?”
“Amy just called Mrs. Tran at work. She cried. And then Amy let me call my mom on her phone too. I don’t know whether I’m going home or staying or what I’m doing, but it’s okay with her if I stay here until I’m sure that Michelle doesn’t need me on this side of the world.”
“Good. I’m not ready to say goodbye to you just yet,” Haley said.
“Amy has been researching this psychopath that bought Usha, and I guess he has a bizarre temper and a cruel streak. Amy’s worried that he’s going to be very unhappy when his place gets raided, especially after all the protection money he’s paid to everyone. I think they’re posting extra guards around the school here.”
“Wow.” Haley hugged her knees in tight to her chest and pulled her blankets around her. “Wow.”

******
Keng had gotten the job working for Khae through a cousin, who had said that helping to manage the brothel would be easy money with possible side benefits. The old lady had been demanding but not totally unreasonable, and Keng had largely handled the bar for her, ordering liquor, directing the cleaning crew, scheduling the bartenders and occasionally tending bar himself as needed. He had supported training the new girl to make drinks because it seemed efficient, and she was friendly to him. It had not been a bad existence, until he had the extreme misfortune to be standing in the line of sight of the crazy Russian who owned the place, right after the American girl bolted and Khae thought it best to disappear as well.
Now he was in charge of the damn brothel and had spent hours trying to calm everyone down and see to it that customers were allowed to finish their evening. Half the support staff had fled into the night, fearful that the angry Russian was going to punish them all for the disappearance of his pet. That left Keng working with a mop in his own hand to get things in order before morning.
Keng heard sirens in the distance, and realized that they were getting louder and closer, but it wasn’t until he saw flashing lights through a window that he realized that he was having the worst night of any assistant manager anywhere. It had been nearly two years since police had actually raided a brothel in the Patpong area, and tonight for some bizarre reason they were raiding his.
Keng looked at his mop sadly. He was clearly a dead man. 


 21. March 2012: Losing

By the morning of March 1, the police in Thailand were certain that no American teenager of any ancestry was working on the premises, and with so many eyes watching they were particularly forthcoming. It was true that several potentially underage girls were found, and they assured everyone that these girls would be returned home. Most were local, a few were apparently exotics brought in from Nepal and India. As the news circulated, various agencies rushed in to help. 
The police were holding an assistant manger for questioning, as neither the manager of the brothel nor its owner could be located, and the assistant manager had almost begged them to arrest him instead. Word was that a couple of his more reliable girls had inexplicably run off earlier in the evening and the manager was now hiding from the owner, known to have a temper about such things. What a mess.
When the police in Darjeeling received this report from Thailand, they asked for details about the two women who had run off. That was of no concern, they were assured. One was a well-trained local named Vanida, who was a favorite performer in the floorshow. Indian authorities asked if she was a singer or a dancer. The Thai police were not sure. The other woman was a Vietnamese-American who went by the Vietnamese name Lan. She worked there willingly, and she was also an experienced bartender. She was clearly not the high school girl they sought. 
The police in Bangkok said that they were so sorry, but the original tip must have been faulty. Happens all the time. However, they would continue to look for the American student so that she could be returned safely to her parents in the United States, and they would notify India immediately if the young woman was found. 

******
Michelle’s mom had gone from giddy happiness to surprised outrage in a matter of hours and she wasn’t handling it very well. She couldn’t stop crying. In her heart she believed that all these people had no idea of where her daughter was because her child couldn’t possibly be impersonating a bartender and acting like an experienced prostitute. That meant that her baby was lost somewhere in a world far away and that the odds of finding her grew less every day. Michelle’s mom rocked back and forth on her couch as she cried, wondering how much of this fiasco was her own fault.
Michelle’s dad had a different reaction. He had been irritated with Michelle all along for being careless enough to let this happen to her in the first place. He’d taught her to be more savvy. Once he got word that she’d been found, he’d been rehearsing lectures to her in his head about how she had to be smarter about protecting herself. This sort of incident was an embarrassment to the entire family.
He’d intended to mince no words with his daughter once they were reunited. However, when word came from India that Michelle had not been found, he seriously considered that the Indian authorities’ theory might be right. His daughter could have engineered her own escape. This idea made him oddly proud, perhaps inappropriately so, he realized, given that she was masquerading as a prostitute.
While his wife sobbed like a ninny in the middle of the living room, he considered how he would explain back to these authorities that he had deliberately trained his children to survive in all sorts of circumstances. Would it be unseemly to say such a thing in an interview with the press? He didn’t think so.

******
After the lead in Bangkok turned out to be such a failure, Amy found herself growing more frustrated each day with Lhatu and his sessions with Teddie. She realized that many people would have written them off as a waste of time from the very beginning. However, Amy prided herself on being unusually open. She had a few odd beliefs of her own, and she didn’t put down others for embracing what many considered kooky. 
It had been a relief to discover that the gentle giant from Bhutan had not been some sort of predator of young girls. However, it had probably been a mistake to hope that he was even better than that, a metaphysical hero of some sorts. Amy smirked at herself a bit derisively. What had gotten into her?
Well, there had been Teddie’s odd insight into Usha’s’ trip to Gangtok. And the fact that Teddie’s mother, certainly a well-educated and sensible woman, had accepted Lhatu and his abilities without question and had been able to persuade her husband to do the same. 
There was more that was odd, Amy acknowledged. The woman had a Nigerian friend who was supposedly somehow watching out for Teddie’s safety, and yet Amy had not caught a single glimpse of his cadre of bodyguards. Was Lola Zeitman being completely bamboozled as well? Or was there something far more to Teddie’s mother and her odd collection of friends than Amy knew? She resolved to pay more attention to this Nigerian who had been in the restaurant and who seemed to be coordinating Teddie’s protection. 
As to Lhatu, the clearest fact that Amy possessed was that Lhatu and Teddie claimed to have traveled into her room, and yet they had failed to see the sign she had left for them. Did they perhaps travel in some alternate universe, similar but not identical to this one? If so, what good was it if variations of what was real existed? One would never know what to believe.
Or did they only imagine that they traveled, and imagine it so convincingly that they believed it? She had wavered amongst these alternatives for two months now, but she was finally ready to go with this last option.
So, Teddie was wasting her time completely and had remained in Darjeeling for almost ten weeks, putting herself at some risk for no good reason. Amy took a deep breath and sighed. It had been a week now since Michelle had disappeared into the night only hours before the police raid that would have saved her. 
Really, it was time to put a stop to this out-of-body nonsense. Teddie needed to go home. If Lhatu wanted to help find Michelle, he could join Amy in making phone calls and sending out emails, things that could produce tangible results.

******
After it became clear that Michelle was not at the brothel, and that she had disappeared into the streets of Bangkok, Lhatu tried to console an increasingly agitated Teddie. Then he worked to convince her that she had to pull herself together because Michelle needed her now more than ever.
“She didn’t wait for someone to rescue her, Teddie, she rescued herself. You must be happy that your friend is so resourceful, and glad that she is well enough to be able to do that. But she is now hiding in a strange country with no resources. If you can find her, then we can get her help.”
“I don’t understand why she doesn’t just go to the police? Why hasn’t she shown up yet at the American embassy?”
“Police in Southeast Asia are notorious for returning girls to the very brothels that they escaped from. Surely you have heard that. Some law enforcement officials get monetary rewards for their efforts, others prefer having an ongoing free pass to any service the brothel provides. Random strangers are more likely to turn the girls over to the police than to do anything else to help them. And before she could ever get into the embassy, your friend would likely find that girls the world over who seek help in a foreign country and cannot produce a passport or an entry visa are often detained for entering the country illegally. Viewed as already damaged goods, they frequently face even more sexual abuse while they are in custody.”
Teddie looked almost ill at this news.
“We’re going to focus now on teaching you better control regarding where you go. You are a young woman who generally lets her heart lead her brain, and there is nothing wrong with that. You have a fine heart and a perfectly good brain, too. But your heart led you in your first attempt to find Michelle, and that’s not what is needed here. You need to learn how to seek. Focus with me now.”

An hour later Teddie was so anxious to try the approach that Lhatu had just taught her that she wanted to go straight to the technique as soon as they both entered the mist world together. Frankly she didn’t care if Lhatu approved so much or not. She just wanted to know if his mental approach would take her to Michelle.
The center of consciousness of her traveling body hovered just a foot or two above her resting head as it usually did, and then she started to move out of Amy’s apartment. Before she passed through the wall she noticed Lhatu wave to her in a gesture that said both farewell and conveyed a sense of permission for her to go. She gave him a grateful wave back as she started to move more rapidly down the street.
 Minutes later, the whoosh of her rapid voyage ended, and her traveler’s body came to rest in a clearing. Lush greenery was everywhere, and a nearly full moon was overhead. Teddie remembered her mother’s incessant lessons in earth science. A full moon was overhead at midnight. It had been about nine p.m. in India. So she was a couple of time zones to the east?
Two girls her age were sleeping peacefully on the ground beneath her. Teddie squirmed at the thought of the bugs that must be under them, but neither sleeper seemed bothered. One girl was certainly Michelle, who appeared healthy and unharmed. 
Teddie gasped in surprise at the second girl’s identity. She was the female twin, the sister of the boy traveling with Usha. With her gasp she found herself back inside Amy’s living room giddy with joy. She grinned when she saw Lhatu, and once he saw her smile he gave her a wide grin back.
Then she saw what must have prompted her body to make its quick return. Amy was in the room too.

******
Amy walked into the room and saw that both Lhatu and Teddie were deep in a trance. She was impatient enough with the whole thing that she seriously considered shaking them both until they woke up. Well, maybe she wouldn’t actually shake Teddie, who looked so peaceful. But she would certainly have no problem shaking Lhatu, who would probably benefit from a good hard shake or two.
Then she saw a smile cross both of their faces at the exact same time. Odd. They both looked so happy all of a sudden. Amy supposed that she could wait until later to tell them that she was tired of this nonsense going on in her living room every night. She went back to her computer to do some work.

******
The sudden presence of an awake solid often prompted the wary traveler to come back quickly. Of course Amy was impervious to the two mist bodies in her presence. Rather, she was studying their heavy bodies closely. Lhatu and Teddie’s solid faces were both smiling now, smiles that were a mere reflection of the giant grins on the triumphant faces of their lighter bodies. Teddie watched Amy give a baffled shake of her head at the sight of the two smiles, and then walk back out of the room.
Once Amy was gone, Teddie re-entered her solid body quickly, anxious to tell Lhatu her tale.
“I don’t have any way of knowing where she was. She was definitely okay. The moon was almost directly overhead, and aren’t there charts and things where we can look that up? I mean right this minute the moon is not overhead everywhere, right?”
“Right,” Lhatu agreed. “We can get a very rough idea of her longitude, and at least confirm that she is still near Bangkok. That was a good piece of observation. What else can you remember?”
“Her friend. The girl she escaped with, the performer from the brothel that they called Vanida. It’s her. You were right. It’s all entangled in weird ways and I can’t tell if it’s good or bad.”
“It’s who?” Lhatu asked, but he already had a pretty good idea.
“The boy’s twin sister. You know? The traveling acrobat kids. Your urban legend.”
Of course it was, Lhatu thought. One twin was leading Usha, either to safety or into deeper danger, and the other twin was leading Michelle.
Lhatu shook his head. “Damn if it doesn’t seem to work this way.”
“I don’t see why having these two twins involved is bad,” Teddie said. “I mean both of them seemed pretty harmless.”
“I’m sure they are,” Lhatu agreed. “I’m not worried about their intentions, either of them. They are probably fine people, or at worst neutral. That’s not the problem.”
He looked at the girl wondering how much he should try to explain. “There is so much that we don’t understand Teddie, but just believe me that once you get this sort of link between two people that have been separated, the universe has different physical rules within which it operates. What I’m trying to say is that the laws of nature for entangled beings are complicated and surprising. Some times it almost seems like there is, I don’t know, a sense of humor behind it all.”
Teddie looked down at her feet. “I’m not seeing anything funny about Usha and Michelle’s safety.”
“I’m not either,” he assured her. “But you don’t have to enjoy the comedy for it to be happening.”
Teddie and Lhatu decided that it was time to quit for the evening. Events had taken a hopeful turn. Lhatu’s help on how to seek the solid bodies of those she knew and cared about had finally allowed Teddie to see Michelle, as surely as she had seen Usha earlier, and she now knew that Michelle was surviving and was reasonably well. Better yet, she too had a friend looking out for her, a girl called Vanida.
It should have been a night for celebration, and Lhatu clearly agreed. But Amy was distant and unresponsive when they told her about the wonderful events of the evening, and Teddie was sure that something had changed. Had Lhatu still not talked to Amy about seeing the note that she had left them? She could not imagine that he would wait so long. 
Amy and Lhatu drove her back to the dorm as usual, and by the end of the ride Teddie and Lhatu had lapsed into an uncomfortable silence as well, most of their earlier joy having turned into discomfort at Amy’s barely polite responses. Then, once Teddie got to her room and told the exciting story to Haley, her roommate had behaved the same way. Teddie wasn’t going to let such odd behavior pass a second time.
“Haley, I thought that this was wonderful news. What gives here?”
Haley shook her head. “You don’t understand.”
“Try me.”
“My problems seem so stupid compared to yours. I mean, you’re trying to rescue people, and I’m just trying to prove how cool I am. Or whatever. Just leave me be.” Haley rolled over in her bed to face the wall.
“Problems with the upcoming climb? I thought that now that winter was lifting you were looking forward to getting back out there and fine-tuning your skills. What happened?”
“I’m not going on the climb.”
“What?” Teddie said in disbelief. “Not again. This is ridiculous. And it is not insignificant, Haley, it’s about you getting to be who you are, and it’s about you getting to inspire others too. Why would you not go?”
“My dad wants me to pull out.” Haley said it flatly as though it was the worst news in the world.
“Have aliens taken over his brain? He’s your biggest supporter. That makes no sense.”
“Someone on the climb—he doesn’t know who—has asked that I not go,” Haley explained reluctantly. “They’ve changed the plan again. It started out as this traditional ‘assault’ on a mountain, with a big support team working to get a smaller group to the summit. In our case that was sixteen of us. Last fall, these three Canadian guys that are friends of my dad’s wanted to turn about half of their ascent into an alpine climb, without support people. Alpine climbers move faster. They carry all of their own equipment. It’s how everyone climbs almost everywhere else but here in Himalayas, and it’s what I grew up doing too. But given the extreme altitude and difficulty of Kanchenjunga, it’s more dangerous here. Last fall the group decided to allow these three to break away at Camp Three, with the rest of us agreeing to continue on with the support and supplies, making a slower ascent and backing them up.”
“So what changed?” Teddie asked.
“Guess,” Haley said. “The two Japanese guys want to join the three Canadians and so does this team of five young guys from India who really want to charge up the mountain too. That’s two-thirds of the group now. Then the three older Indian climbers from the school here in Darjeeling decided that they wouldn’t mind trying an alpine ascent either. That leaves me and the two guys from Norway, Hans and Henrik, that I met at the school last November. Three foreign climbers and a whole lot of Sherpa. Hans and Henrik decided that was silly and they’d go alpine too. Now I have to do the same or back out.”
“Your dad doesn’t think that kind of climb is safe for you?” Teddie asked.
“He doesn’t, and he might be right, because of the oxygen tanks. Above a certain altitude your brain is dying slowly, not getting enough oxygen, and the trick is to get back off of the mountain before your brain dies. A person can hardly move without supplemental oxygen at the summit. You have to use the oxygen you can carry very carefully. It’s a whole new degree of difficulty.”
Haley put her head in her hands for a few seconds and paused.
“But you climb as well as any of these guys,” Teddie finally said.
 “I’m smaller than anyone else on the team. I need less, but I also can carry less, and it’s not proportional. There are some fixed weights and I come out on the losing end of that equation. Based on the ratio of my weight to the weight of my pack, someone, I think one of the young Indian guys, did the math and decided that I’m a risk because my pack will have to be over the maximum recommended weight for my size. They’ve asked my dad to decline the original offer.”
“Doesn’t that really piss you off?” Teddie said. “I can’t believe that they asked your dad, not you.”
Haley laughed. “I hadn’t even thought about that. He knows these guys and he handles my climbing commitments, but, yeah, now that you mention it, it sure would have been nice if they had talked directly to the climber in question.”
“You could insist on going anyway,” Teddie said. “You are on the team.”
Haley shook her head sadly. “Not really. Kanchenjunga is considered to be a riskier climb than Everest, Teddie. I need my dad’s support, and I need the team to want me there. Most of all, I need to believe that I can do it, and everybody has got me wondering, now. So it’s not gonna happen. It just isn’t. “
Teddie didn’t know what more to say.
Haley shrugged it off. “Did you know that male elephant seals are up to ten times bigger than females?”
“No, I didn’t,” Teddie said.
“Yeah and dolphins, cute dolphins? The males get together and gang rape the females. Apparently a male dolphin will hump almost anything that moves.”
“You need to get a new hobby, Haley.”
“Give up climbing?” 
“No,” Teddie said. “Stop looking into animal sex. It’s tough enough being human.”

******
After Teddie was dropped off at the school, Amy turned to Lhatu with words made angrier by having been held inside for so long.
“Why are you putting this poor girl through all this? You have to know that this vapor body travel is rubbish and I know it now too.”
“And you know that how?” Lhatu asked.
“I left you a note in my room,” Amy confessed. “Clearly you were never really there or you would have seen it and responded like I asked you to.”
“I saw the note,” Lhatu said evenly.
“Bullshit.”
“Green marker. On a large white poster board.”
“You found it in my front hall closet!” Amy exclaimed in surprise.
“I don’t look through other people’s closets,” Lhatu said.
“I bet you snoop around a little if you think someone might have left you something you didn’t see. I should have hidden it under my bed.” Then she added with certainty. “If you’d really seen it I’d have heard about it that night. Period.” 
“It was propped on top of the little stool you have that sits in front of the mirror where you put on your make-up,” Lhatu replied.
Amy paused, and the expression on her face wavered for a second. “Lucky guess. That would be the most logical place to put it, because except for my bed it’s really the only empty spot in my room.”
“True,” Lhatu agreed. “You have an exceptional amount of clutter in your bedroom, but the little stool is where it was.”
Amy looked at him and shrugged. “Then why didn’t you say something right away? For that matter why didn’t Teddie?”
“I asked her not to. I told her I wanted to discuss it with you alone.”
“Why in the world would you do that?” Amy asked in irritation.
Lhatu sighed. “I’d rather not have. Believe me, I want nothing more than for you to believe me. But I also know that some uncertainty sometimes serves a useful function.”
It was Amy’s turn to sigh in frustration. She changed the subject slightly. “Is what you are doing in any way harming that girl?”
Lhatu shook his head. “To the contrary, it should be making her stronger. I hope that I am giving her an array of skills that will help her lead a happier life.”
They were a block away from Amy’s apartment, nearing the spot where Lhatu always let Amy off after they took Teddie back to school.
“Then I guess I will refrain from delivering the speech I prepared,” Amy said. “The one in which I demanded that you stop this nonsense with Teddie and send her back to the United States where she is safer and probably happier.”
“Yes, I wish very much that you would not deliver that speech,” Lhatu smiled slightly. “We are getting closer to finding both girls and we need Teddie—we need her here and we need her being as strong as she is able. She looks up to you and she—no, make that she and I both—need your support.”
“Maybe,” Amy said with reluctance in her voice. “Maybe your closet-snooping has introduced enough ambiguity that I’ll put up with this a while longer. But I swear if I start to think that you are harming Teddie in any way by putting her through this, I’ll put her on a plane home myself and don’t think that I won’t do it. “
“I don’t. Don’t think you won’t, that is.” Lhatu was smiling just a bit more broadly now, and as Amy turned to open the car door, he reached across her and brushed his hand lightly over hers as he opened the door for her.
“Thank you,” he said simply.
She got out of the car without saying a word back and walked away quickly, annoyed with herself at the excitement his light touch seemed to have caused her.
Please, she thought as she let herself into the secured foyer of the building under Lhatu’s watchful eye. Don’t tell me that I’m developing a physical attraction for a kook who thinks he walks through walls.
It wasn’t until Amy was inside her apartment and headed upstairs that she realized that Lhatu had never been to her place when she was not there. And she had never had reason to bring him upstairs.
Anyone might guess that her bedroom was filled with clutter. That much was easy. But she wore very little make-up. How would he even know that she had a stool in front of a make-up mirror?

******
The right private detective was far harder to find than Pavel expected. True, he did have a few unusual requirements. He needed someone who would remain impervious to caring about why he wanted to find these two girls and a surprising number of qualified men made it clear to Pavel’s agents that the purpose for finding the girls was a consideration. Pavel didn’t want to bother maintaining a lie with these types. Who would have thought that many honorable P.I.s existed? 
A few added that a substantially larger fee might ease their ethical concerns. Pavel instructed his men to kill any of those particular applicants who showed any further curiosity. It was never too early to nip a would-be blackmailer in the bud. 
He also needed someone with no ties to his own adversaries, lest this little obsession of his ever be used in anyway against him. Unfortunately, Pavel had amassed a rather lengthy list of enemies over the past couple of decades and some of them had a considerable number of people working under their influence. Thus a lot of potential investigators were removed from consideration.
He laughed to himself as he poured a small glass of the scotch that he vastly preferred to vodka. Go figure. Capable private investigators with no scruples, no underworld ties and no inclination to ask for extra money in order to keep quiet were in rather short supply.
Pavel had turned the project of locating this detective over to Samir, who was a discreet, efficient man who handled many of Pavel’s business matters that didn’t involve muscle or any kind of physical unpleasantness. Samir was resourceful, and Pavel remained confident that sooner or later Samir would find that right man for this delicate assignment.
And by early March, Samir had. Sort of. Because Samir didn’t find the right man, he found the right woman. A mildly displeased Pavel found himself speaking to a tiny Chinese girl who could not have been much older than thirty, and for all Pavel could tell might have been a seventeen-year-old virgin herself. She didn’t weigh more than ninety pounds, at any rate, and she spoke no language other than Mandarin. She brought her own translator, another young Chinese woman fluent in Russian and Hindi, and technically Pavel was talking to this translator, which he liked even less. 
Samir had assured Pavel before the meeting that the woman had no unacceptable ties anywhere, had impeccable references, and charged reasonable fees. Her reputation for discretion was exceptional.
They exchanged a few basics before she informed him coolly through her translator that she assumed that the penalty for failure on this particular project would be death. She was fine with that because she did not fail. She hoped that a mutually beneficial working relationship would ensue once that was established.
“Do you have a problem locating young women for me to use for my pleasure?” Pavel asked bluntly. He spoke in Hindi for Samir’s benefit. The translator didn’t even pause. Mandarin was repeated. Mandarin was replied. 
“I always meet my obligations. I never make judgments.”
Pavel was beginning to like this woman better already. “How soon can you start?”
 
 22. March 2012: Knowing

Vanida never told anyone about her secret brother and how she used to meet him in this special body that could fly through the air. Even as a child, she had sensed that no one would believe her. And now that it had been several months since she had seen him, she began to wonder if it was something that she had made up. It did seem like the sort of playmate a child would invent, to make her life more interesting and to have a family like she had heard some of the other girls talk about. Even later, when the boy had been so gentle to her after she had been attacked, it could have been a fantasy to make her feel better.
Pim had always told her to get her nose out of those books, and had often added that Vanida had way too much imagination for the life that she would lead. Maybe she had used that imagination to invent both a brother and a superpower? Vanida had absorbed enough psychology from all her reading to understand how this made sense.
She was scared when the new girl tried to talk her into running away. All her life she had seen other girls punished, sometimes horribly, for such an offense, and she had reasoned long ago that she had nothing to run away to anyway. But this Michelle had insisted that life could be better. She knew people who would help Vanida, and she could figure out how to get in touch with them, if they could just lie low for awhile and avoid being turned over to the police. 
Michelle had convinced her that no better opportunity for escape would ever present itself than on the night when the owner was coming to visit. Everyone would be preoccupied. They could be gone for hours before they were missed. Vanida saw the wisdom. 
It was lucky that they both were granted freedom of movement throughout the brothel and the large enclosed courtyard that provided outdoor seating for the bar. Neither had ever left the premises, but Vanida had seen a place where two people might be able to manage to get over the courtyard wall if they worked together.
The night before the escape, Vanida had been shocked to find herself in her special body for the first time in months. She thought that this body was for seeing her brother, but no brother was anywhere in sight. Rather, she hovered for just a second above the courtyard wall, and saw clearly where one could crawl along a ledge and jump down into a barely adjoining courtyard. It led to a possible escape route, and Vanida let her special body move carefully through the strange courtyard to figure out how to best proceed out from there. When she found herself back on her sleeping mat, she decided that the vision was an omen, a very good omen. She would escape with Michelle and see what happened.
Luckily, the real crawl over the courtyard wall had gone fast and without incident, and the girls moved on foot after they escaped, keeping to the shadows and trying to get out of the city. They traveled by night and rested and stayed hidden by day, finishing the meager food and water they had brought, and then stealing fruit out of yards to stave off hunger and thirst. After a week they were finally in the country, and they set up a camp of sorts in a small clearing they found. When it became obvious that the clearing wasn’t frequented by anyone in the area, they stayed. They were quick and clever enough to manage to sneak just enough food and water away from the nearby tiny farms, and they took only what they barely needed while they rested up and considered what to do next. 
After a couple of weeks of living this way, the girls began to wonder if their initial instinct to get out of the city as fast as possible might not have been too hasty. Sure, hiding in the country was probably not what their captors expected, and they were now in little danger of being found as they hid in a landscape unfamiliar to those who might be hunting them down. On the other hand, they also had no resources they could turn to for help. 
Michelle had already decided that eventually they needed to get even farther from the city and into the tourist destinations in the southern parts of Thailand. Vanida knew nothing about this part of the country, but Michelle insisted that along the beaches they could seek out English speakers on holiday and get to know some of them. Without money or any resources, they would look for someone at least willing to make a call to Amy and verify their story. They would have to choose an ally wisely, as being turned over to the authorities by a tourist wary of a scam could land them in trouble as bad as what they had run from.
But walking all the way to Southern Thailand wasn’t going to be an option. They needed clothes that would not make them look like prostitutes. They needed food. They needed money. Their most obvious choices were turning to more serious theft, or turning tricks, but neither girl liked either of those alternatives. They agreed that either was likely to land them in prison and compound their problems.

******
Usha felt safer with Jampa than she had with anyone in a long time. In fact, she thought, she might not have felt this secure since she was little girl, confident that her parents could protect her from anything. She knew on some level that she ought to stay at the convent because there probably wasn’t a more sheltered place on this Earth. It was true that she couldn’t imagine a lifetime there, but even a few years of remaining hidden would likely buy her a far greater degree of safety.
But what if in a few years there was no knowledgeable Jampa to lead her down the mountain? What if in a few years she was so brain-dead with all the chanting and the lack of things to read and watch and do that she then lacked the wherewithal to even leave?
Usha was happy that the women in the convent had a place where they could live as they chose. Even better, she thought, they had a spectacularly gorgeous place, and thanks to their lack of greed and love of the earth, this place would remain protected as long as this convent stood. There should be such places. And there should be such people as these nuns, who embraced simplicity and found joy in their faith. Usha was all for it and all for them. She just wasn’t one of them. 
Word was that in a few weeks the snow would begin to melt and most of the trails should be open. Then, she and Jampa would be able to safely descend. Usha found herself counting the days.

******
“I’m guessing that Michelle was not a virgin,” Amy said gently. She had invited Teddie over for a few days during her spring break, as Teddie’s parents deemed that having their daughter stay put was the safest course of action and Haley had gone off on a school-sponsored trek. Amy had two items of unfinished business for the two of them that she wanted to cover. Getting this personal information about Michelle was the easier of the two.
“The police asked me that too, you know,” Teddie confided. “Just like you asked me about Usha. They waited until no one was around. They told me that they needed to know because it affected their investigation.”
Amy nodded with understanding. “I’m glad they looked into that. A virgin is likely to get marketed separately because she’s worth more money.”
Teddie’s eyes widened in horror as something occurred to her. “Do you think that those creeps that kidnapped her actually checked?”
Amy shrugged. “My original guess, Teddie, was that because they just wanted to take her to scare us, for once they weren’t concerned about other economic considerations. Then a few days ago I started to wonder if I’d overlooked some potential information, because she could have been marketed here in India first before being sent on to Thailand.”
“Well, she wasn’t a virgin. She used to have a boyfriend, a really serious relationship starting as a freshman in high school. He wasn’t a bad boyfriend at first, but after a while he kept pressuring her, of course,” Teddie rolled her eyes. “Finally she agreed. I mean, it seemed like every other couple they knew were already doing it, you know?”
“I know,” Amy nodded. “At least they pretty much all claimed to be, right? Meanwhile everyone on TV and in the movies is doing it too, so unless you have a religious motivation, it’s hard to say no when really you’re not sure or don’t feel ready.”
Teddie agreed. “Michelle decided hey, why not have some fun herself and not be such a prude? So she did it, but I guess it wasn’t so much fun. I mean I don’t think the boyfriend got how she was supposed to enjoy it too, you know?”
“Yeah,” Amy nodded again. “Young boys aren’t taught so much about that, are they?”
“It got worse,” Teddie said. “He got all like he owned her and had to know where she was every minute, and then he started trying to tell her what she could and couldn’t do, and finally Michelle got really annoyed and told him to go screw himself. She was really depressed for awhile after, and he still kept bothering her and I think it’s part of why she wanted to do this exchange trip to India so bad.”
“It remains the one design element of the human body that I absolutely do not understand,” Amy said. Teddie looked at her, perplexed. “The hymen,” Amy clarified. “A silly little flimsy piece of skin that serves no function whatsoever and causes women no end of grief.”
“You mean, if there was no such thing then no one would ever know if a girl was a virgin?”
“Not unless she wanted them to, and then there wouldn’t be half so much cultural emphasis on it. Do you know that in much of the world the groom is expected to show off the bloody sheets from the wedding night just to prove the virtue of his new bride?”
“No. That’s ridiculous.” Teddie said. “And disgusting.”
“Worse than that. If the sheets show no evidence of a hymen, in some places she can be executed. Who knows how many loving couples chose to celebrate their wedding night a little early and then had to sneak in pig’s blood after the nuptials just to save the bride’s life? And who knows how many grooms who hardly knew their new brides had to make a horrible choice once the sheets looked clean?”
“Maybe it’s one of those things doctors ought to just get rid of at birth, like circumcision?” Teddie suggested. Amy had to laugh. 
“You’d go a long way towards eliminating trafficking in young girls if you did that.”
Then Amy changed the subject quickly. She hoped to catch Teddie off guard.
“Did you see a note in my room when you and Lhatu were transporting around? And if so, what did it look like and what did it say?”
Teddie hesitated. “Lhatu asked me not to talk to you about it.”
“Well, I’m asking you to. He and I already talked, if that helps,” Amy said.
“Oh, it does. He wanted to talk to you first.” After hearing this last piece of news, Teddie cheerfully described the note. She was at first oblivious to the conflicts in Amy’s mind. Finally it occurred to her.
“You shouldn’t have left that note, should you?” Teddie asked slowly. “Because now you have to decide whether Lhatu and I both are liars and sneaky ones at that, which you don’t want to believe, or you have to accept that we are capable of things that could change the world. I mean, we could go spying on anyone. Learn all kinds of secrets. There has to be a way to get really rich doing what we can do. This isn’t a little thing. If it’s for real, you have to accept something that is terribly weird, and if you hadn’t left the note in the first place then you could just keep wondering.” 
Amy gave Teddie a long look. “That is an amazing amount of insight coming from a seventeen-year-old. Has anyone ever told you that you are wise beyond your years?”
Teddie nodded. “I get that sometimes. But in this case it’s not so wise because I am having to go through the same process, you know? Part of Lhatu’s training is teaching me to accept changes in my own idea of reality without losing my ability to function in what most people define as the actual here and now.”
Amy thought that this made sense. She was glad that Lhatu wasn’t just imparting technique, but was also wise enough to give his young pupil other tools.
“Are you thinking about corporate espionage for a career now?” Amy probed a little further. 
Teddie shook her head. “Lhatu and his people are fairly, well, what I would have to call superstitious about this whole thing. They pretty adamantly believe that this is a gift one should never use for their own gain. I don’t know that I share their fear of cosmic retribution, but I’m inclined to think corporate espionage is a bad line of work anyway. Once I find Michelle and Usha, I don’t see me doing a lot more of this. I’m not really the brave type, or even so much the curious type. To be honest Amy, I just want this all to be over, to end well, and to get to go home. Then I’ll sort out any metaphysical ramifications, or maybe I’ll just ignore them for a while. I might even ignore them forever.”
Amy smiled in sympathy. “I like the idea of focusing for now on Michelle and Usha. One step at a time.” 

******
As days of hiding turned into weeks, Michelle began to grow more restless. She missed having a bed, she missed real food, and she desperately wanted to contact the people who cared for her and must be beside themselves with worry. 
She began pressing Vanida harder for information on anyone they could possibly turn to for help. Vanida didn’t trust anyone in authority, and those who had owned her had gone out of their way to nurture this mistrust. But when Michelle kept pushing, Vanida finally admitted that she had heard of some national shelters set up by the Thai government for international victims of forced labor and prostitution. Word amongst the girls, however, was that once you checked in you were a virtual prisoner there until your case was resolved, if it ever was.
 Vanida confessed that it had occurred to her that such a place might be okay for Michelle because she had family that could be easily found. She thought that maybe the shelters could be trusted to send Michelle home. However, Vanida was scared that she would end up a life-long resident of the shelter while social workers tried to track down her nationality and origin.
“Maybe it was a bad idea that we run away together,” Vanida said, carefully using the English sentence structure that Michelle had been teaching her in exchange for lessons in basic Thai. “We come from different situations. Maybe it is best that you go back to the city and find this shelter.”
Michelle noticed how much her new friend’s accent had improved, and wished she had half of Vanida’s flair for languages. “I’m not leaving you,” Michelle said. “We never would have made it out of Khae’s brothel if you hadn’t figured out how to go over that fence. Besides, I doubt that I could get back there safely by myself and find the place. My Thai still sucks and I won’t ask you to go with me. Once you get stuck in a system like those shelters, the people I know might not ever be able to help you get out. So we need another idea.”
But Vanida didn’t have one.
That night, Vanida was surprised when she found herself once again traveling in her special body, again with no brother calling her. She was able to drift up above their clearing and to examine the various paths away from it that she and Michelle could follow. 
Although Vanida didn’t understand how she was doing what she did, she understood very well that she needed to take advantage of every scrap of information that she was offered. She explored possible routes for a while, and she traveled a considerable distance down several of the more promising roads, happy to be able to safely seek a better place for them to take more permanent refuge. 
Finally, she found an alternative that she liked. She would be ready to discuss better options with Michelle in the morning, if only she could think of a way to explain her new-found knowledge. She had already told Michelle that she had found the courtyard route out one day when a workman had left a ladder. But how could she explain knowing this information? She’d have to think of something.

“There is Catholic church about a day’s walk from here. An elderly priest runs it, and he has a housekeeper or someone who cleans and cooks for him. They probably are decent people who will not turn us over to the police. I say we walk there and ask for help,” Vanida declared the next morning.
“How in the world do you suddenly know about this place?” Michelle wondered aloud.
“I dreamt about it and when I woke up I remembered hearing about it. I have a really good memory,” Vanida answered, only half lying. 
“Do you think you can really find this church?”
“Yes,” Vanida said. “Before you got up this morning I explored on my own. I know I found the right road. It is busy during the day. Dressed like this, we need to travel at night. Can you walk that far?”
Michelle rubbed her feet. The only shoes available at the brothel had been ones clearly meant for enticing customers and exotic dancing, and she and Vanida had both chosen to leave barefoot. The trek out of the city had proved that Vanida’s feet were a lot tougher than hers.
“Sure I can. Let’s take a couple of days to store some food and rest up during the day and then we’ll go.”

******
Jampa was world class when it came to waiting. He had left his monastery on the spur of the moment, fueled by concern for a sister he wasn’t even sure that he had. But once he realized the folly of his haste, he had retreated easily into the patience that was second nature for him.
However, now that the spring thaw was coming and travel times would be at their best before the rains of the summer months, he began to feel an impatience that was new. The sister no longer called to him, and she had not visited him in many months, so he had little idea of her situation or her whereabouts. But her life had not been good when he last saw her, of this he was sure. Like him, she must have no other family to turn to. It was his duty to give her aid.
He only knew that she lived somewhere that was filled with greenery year-round. Bright overhead sunlight shone on leaves that were larger than any Jampa had ever seen, as they exploded into a cacophony of life that went well beyond that found in the serene mountains that were his home. He believed that if he could get to the land of giant green leaves he would find his sister there. His plan for finding her was simple. He would accompany this studious girl of India, who also came from a world filled with verdant green.
Usha had been a gift to him. She had been forced to flee her home, and now she was as alone as both he and Noom. Jampa understood that the world was filled with much variety, even though he had experienced very little of it, and it made sense to him that Usha needed to find shelter more suitable to her own nature than the convent. He would help her find such shelter. He believed that in doing so, in somehow returning Usha to safe, yet familiar, surroundings in the world of green, he would somehow gain access to his own sister and her world.

******
Olumiji knew that his personal surveillance project had gone on far longer than his small group of volunteers had bargained for. Soon, he was going to need to get them some relief or find another approach to the problem of looking out for his friend’s daughter. Both Somadina and the woman from Kolkata had already cut back their available hours a little because of their own family’s needs, and Mr. and Mrs. Dutta had needed to take several short breaks due to minor health issues of their own.
The boy Tariq had been the weakest telepath of the six, and Olumiji had included the Pakistani teen more as a way to help him get over the death of his own sister than anything else. However, Tariq had grown mentally stronger over the last two months, his abilities improving with the daily practice, and with something else that Olumiji had done his best to ignore.
Tariq had gone from being sympathetic to Teddie’s quest to help her friends to being very preoccupied with Teddie. It was a normal reaction for a teenage boy, Olumiji supposed, particularly one who was bed-ridden and had little else in the way of pleasant distraction. As the others needed more and more breaks, Tariq cheerfully filled in for them. Olumiji was noticing that some days Tariq was on duty for ten to fifteen hours a day. It was way too much.
Fortunately Tariq did mind his manners, respecting Teddie’s privacy with an almost charming sense of honor. The biggest problem with the situation was that Tariq’s own body was healing ever more slowly, and Olumiji suspected that on some level the boy was reluctant to recover and be forced to give up his duties looking out for a girl who had started to fill his dreams. Olumiji could have kicked himself. He should have seen this one coming. 
In his concern for Teddie’s safety, Olumiji occasionally allowed himself to probe just a bit into her mind, and into the minds of her friends. He would never have done this normally, but there were special rules for special dangers, exceptions that had to be handled very judiciously.
When he felt Teddie’s anger at Haley’s exclusion from the climbing team, he exited quickly. He sympathized with the girls, but this was not his problem to solve. In fact, it wasn’t even his business. When he felt Amy’s excitement at Lhatu’s brief touch of her hand, he exited even faster. When he felt Teddie’s joy as she accepted Tariq’s invitation to be his friend on a social networking site, he had to smile. They weren’t supposed to have contact like that and they both knew it, but it would be harmless if they were careful. And maybe if Teddie became his friend in real life, then Tariq would allow himself to heal.
As Olumiji let his mind skim through those most closely involved, searching for any scrap that would help him, he was surprised to find Amy researching something on the internet, and he could feel the anger that drove her search. It wasn’t anger at someone that she cared about, but rather a rage at someone she’d never met but thought was despicable. This did sound like it might be his business. Olumiji decided that it was no time for playing games. He called Amy.
“Any breakthroughs in figuring out exactly who it is we are trying to keep away from you and Teddie?” he asked.
“I didn’t even think to tell you,” she said, and Olumiji felt her genuine regret that it hadn’t occurred to her. He also felt her confusion as to exactly what it was Olumiji was doing to look out for Teddie. “We never see you guys. I didn’t even know if you were still in town, on the lookout.”
Olumiji explained that he wasn’t in town but he was doing some monitoring at a distance. Amy shrugged and filled in the details about the tip that had lead to suspicions regarding a Russian from Novokuznetsk who had transplanted himself and much of his crime organization to Manali, India, over a decade ago. In fact, she had just been looking into the man’s hometown on the internet, trying to learn more.
 “It always helps to know about what you’re up against,” Olumiji agreed, and Amy marveled that there was no criticism in his voice. “My group takes a fairly invisible approach to security,” he added. “But I’ll see if I can learn anything about this guy and get back to you.”
Olumiji sighed. Amy had said this man named Pavel now lived in Manali on the northwestern edge of India. He’d never be able to establish rapport with a man so different and distasteful without the extra help of proximity and even some visual contact. It looked like he was going to Manali to see what he could learn.

******
Teddie was restless the day she returned to the dorm after staying at Amy’s place. Haley wouldn’t be back until the next day, and in the abnormally quiet room Teddie tossed around in her bed well into the night. She realized that she had been avoiding thinking about a couple of items that Amy’s questions made harder to ignore. 
It was one thing to have the vague knowledge that her best friend might be enduring sex with strangers she despised. Horrible, but Teddie wasn’t spending too much time thinking about it. She couldn’t. 
For some reason, however, the thought of crass men crudely checking Michelle for signs of her virginity was a disgusting image that Teddie was having trouble erasing. She felt nauseous and dizzy every time the thought crept back into her mind.
Then there was the note that Amy had so cleverly left. Teddie had been delighted to see it, thinking how wonderful it would be to be totally believed. But now she understood Lhatu’s concern and she realized that much of that concern had been for Teddie’s well being.
As long as she could compartmentalize her two worlds, there wasn’t much dissonance. This strange mist body she was rapidly growing to love and use was in some sense to her still a fantasy, a child’s playful imagination at work. She believed in it but she didn’t. Having a skeptical adult like Amy acknowledge concrete proof that her mist travels were as real as her breakfast had been oddly disturbing. Teddie finally understood that Lhatu was trying to protect her from that, trying to leave some vagueness so she could have wiggle room to reconcile the two worlds. Amy had gotten in his way.
When Teddie finally started to fall asleep, she had the odd sensation of her own mind asking for her conscious mind’s permission to go traveling. Lhatu had already encouraged her to seek out Usha and Michelle at any opportunity. She liked this new feeling of having control.
“Yes. I do believe that I would like to check on my friends,” she said clearly. “Leave out the travel details please,” she added, hoping to lessen her consciousness while swirling down streets and over fields.
“I’ve got to learn how to do this during the day,” she signed in exasperation as she found herself standing over a sleeping Usha. “All I ever get to see is people sleeping.” 
She moved outside. The beauty surrounding this convent remained breathtaking. The moonlight turned the tall pine trees a deep, dark green against the sky and made the snow-topped mountain peaks glisten behind them. Teddie wished that she could feel the cold crispness of the air, blow “smoke” out of her mouth and smell the pines. Such joys were saved for solid existence, she thought. Travelers could only look.
She saw the barn. Remembering the boy, she passed inside to see if he was still there. She’d never had a non-traveling human sense her presence, at least as far as she knew, but more than once an animal had stirred as her vapor body passed close by. Although she knew that no heavy creature could harm her mist body, large animals like cows still made her nervous when they noticed her.
But this barn only held a handful of sleeping sheep and a medium-sized dog sleeping too soundly to pay her any mind. On the far side of the sheep slept the twin boy. Teddie found herself comforted to know that Usha still had a friendly companion. As she moved in to take a closer look at the boy, the dog sat up suddenly with a quick gruff bark. A skittish Teddie sat up in her own bed with a start, and while her heart pounded she looked around the empty room for any danger. Nothing seemed amiss.
She willed herself to calm back down, hoping that she could relax enough to go check on Michelle, who she always found sleeping in the clearing. After being startled, however, the light trance state would not return. Teddie tossed in her bed until she finally fell asleep as the first light of dawn shone in through the window.

23. Early April 2012: Urging

The easiest way for Olumiji to connect with Pavel would be for Pavel to experience a strong emotion, any strong emotion. Olumiji had been in Manali for two days now and had seen the man three times from a distance. One of those times he had managed to eat an entire breakfast seated only two tables away. 
Emotionally, Pavel was a firmly closed book, his feelings held as tightly in check as Olumiji had expected. Pavel projected a fierce sense of pride, competitiveness and a streak of cruelty. One of the biggest sources of his conceit was how well he controlled his own emotions. Yet even those with exceptional self-control are occasionally overtaken with their own passions.
Olumiji worked to follow Pavel’s consciousness, hovering mentally just outside, waiting for that breakthrough. Late on the second day it came. Olumiji feared the emotion would be rage, or some sort of sadistic urge, or perhaps even fear of Pavel’s enemies. It surprised Olumiji when it was surprise.
Pavel was pleasantly, no, make that ecstatically, surprised to have his expectations more than exceeded. Someone he considered trivial—ah, yes, a small young Asian woman—had performed an impressive feat for him. This woman, what was she? Pavel thought of her as a private detective, but of a special kind. He pictured her at a computer screen. She was some sort of computer detective? 
As Olumiji’s emotions began to move with the rhythm of the man, he felt Pavel’s pleasure and then his anticipation. The woman had found something precious to him. Found two things, Olumiji thought. How wonderful. It would be impossible for any good telepath not to also enjoy the appreciation and anticipation that Pavel was feeling. Then Olumiji got a quick glimpse of what the joyful anticipation was for. And his breath stopped. This was not going to happen.
Pavel believed that thanks to this young Mandarin woman and her exceptional capabilities, he now knew the current locations of both Usha and Michelle. One was hidden high in the mountains, and the other was on the run somewhere tropical, trying to get to a safe place where she could reach out for assistance from people that she could trust. 
Pavel would send men immediately to get the one girl, tucked away at a convent where she thought that the world could not touch her. And he would be ready for other to surface in Thailand. His Chinese detective assured him she could now intercept any message from or about Michelle fast enough that his men on the ground in Thailand could get to Michelle before anyone. 
Olumiji had to talk to Amy. What could she possibly do to keep Michelle from surfacing somewhere and putting out a call for help? He had to talk to Lhatu. The convent Teddie had been to twice had to be located fast and somebody had to warn those nuns. 
Yet secrecy could play a big role in staying one step ahead of Pavel. The whole point of being a hacker was that no one knew you existed, right? By even learning of the Mandarin woman’s existence, Olumiji had gained a big advantage. But it only stayed an advantage for as long as this despicable man had no idea that Usha and Michelle had friends who knew what he was up to. This made it unwise for Olumiji to just call Amy, or anyone else that Pavel knew about. Surely his cyber-detective was monitoring Amy and her staff already.
How could he reach her safely? There was the elderly couple in Darjeeling, the Dutta’s, who had been part of the team looking out for Teddie for the past three months. Pavel would have no way of knowing about them. Their telepathic skills were good enough, they were local, and they were living in a state of readiness and receptivity. 
He sought them out mentally. The man was napping, but the woman was baking, and, in fact, on duty, keeping a vague awareness of Teddie’s ongoing emotional state. She responded right away to Olumiji’s mental inquiry, and she got enough sense of his need to form a plan of her own for getting Olumiji safely in touch with Amy and Lhatu. 
The Dutta’s had a videophone account they used to visit with family. Mrs. Dutta had a friend in Mandi, a town not too far south of Manali. If Olumiji could get to that friend’s house, the two old girlfriends could appear to have a brief video chat that would have no reason to raise any suspicions. 
Olumiji got in his rental car, and as he drove south out of the mountains, his thoughts churned impatiently. Things were happening fast. Who else could he contact to help? Maybe it was time to inform this woman Amy about his telepaths in x0. What more could he do? Could she do? And while he was on the subject, wasn’t there more that the people in c3 could be doing, too?

******
Lhatu and Olumiji were more colleagues than friends. They had a good deal of professional respect for each other, but they not only came from different worlds, they lived in different worlds. 
Olumiji was not the official head of anything. Rather, as one of the more adept telepaths in x0, and as a natural leader, he often accepted and even embraced being in charge. He understood that someone had to do that job, and he could do it well. He was passionate about many things. He loved to travel and to meet new telepaths, and he was secretly glad to see his organization growing as telepathy became slightly more common. He had a reformer’s zeal for making the world better, and he truly believed that telepathy, and the empathy that inevitably accompanied it, would, could and did make the world a more peaceful place.
Lhatu came from what could best be described as a monarchy. Tradition dictated that leadership be passed across genders and skip a generation. Thus, a grandmother passed the reins on to the most capable of her grandsons. As a grandfather, he then passed leadership on to his most adept granddaughter. The custom had preserved stability while maintaining a variety of perspectives in the organization. 
Usually, several candidates with traveling abilities were produced in a given generation, and the reigning monarch had a choice. But not in Lhatu’s case. He was keenly aware that he had been his grandmother’s only possibility, and that, by default, he would someday inherit the mantle of running c3. He and everyone else involved with the organization accepted this. It was how c3 worked. 
Lhatu traveled in both his physical and his spirit body when he needed to, but usually only within Asia. For most of its existence, c3 had not extended beyond his continent, and his grandmother, as a young girl, had been the first to have to deal with the ramifications of modern travel and communication. At first, the leaders of c3 had been surprised to discover how many travelers there were in other places. Grandmother had responded by establishing principalities of a sort in Europe, Africa and the Americas, and c3 relied on its trusted appointees to handle duties in their own geographical regions. Lhatu was delighted with that arrangement.
It wasn’t that Lhatu disliked those from other parts of the world, just that he often found their ideas detrimental to the calm that he worked hard to cultivate. He wasn’t particularly interested in c3 growing its membership or becoming involved in the issues of society. He didn’t believe that his organization should be finding ways to use out-of-body traveling to improve the world, and in fact he had not given all that much thought to how it could. Not that he lacked compassion. He was a very caring person, as he had proved more than once by rescuing a young person from an unfortunate situation. What Lhatu had naturally was more peace of mind than Olumiji, and what he lacked was a sense that the world needed to be changed.
So, he mostly was concerned that those who were born with the seed of his odd capability, and for whom the seed blossomed, should be provided with the knowledge to deal well with this difference. Then, Lhatu believed, they needed to be encouraged to lead the sort of quiet and contemplative life that in Lhatu’s opinion all evolved souls craved. It was a different point of view, and each man’s viewpoint both shaped and reflected his group. 
Over the past few decades, x0 had embraced technology and actually had a thriving website, worldwide meetings, and many members who chose to communicate by telepathy and by email, using both simultaneously. The younger ones kept migrating to ever-newer technology, bringing their talents for transmitting and receiving emotions with them. 
Because c3 was far smaller, more centralized and, for the most part, less modern, communication was face-to-face as needed. There was no occasional gathering of travelers on either plane of existence, and they seldom sought each other out while traveling or in real life. Telepathy, by its nature, was an activity for two or more people. Traveling, by its nature, was solitary.
Because x0 and c3 shared deep roots that went back almost three millennia, by custom there was contact between the two groups and it was always cooperative. However, at no time in modern history had x0 and c3 found themselves joined together in a project like the one that they were now involved in with Teddie and Lola Zeitman. This need to work together was bringing out differences that both groups would have happily ignored under any other set of circumstances.
Lhatu was video-conferencing with Olumiji when Olumiji’s impatient “Can’t you people do more?” irritated Lhatu. He did not like feeling irritated. Of course he had not bothered other travelers with this. It was Lhatu’s own issue, and he and Teddie were handling it fine. Now Olumiji wanted him to send out some sort of alarm, to get travelers the world over to form a posse and seek out these two missing girls and the goons that Pavel had set loose to find them. Traveling didn’t work that way. Like telepathy, it was about emotional connection, and Olumiji of all people should understand that.
Lhatu and Amy were at the home of the elderly couple that had been part of the group guarding Teddie for the past three months. They had driven over after the couple’s grandson had sought them out at Amy’s office. Mrs. Dutta felt certain that her own video account would be safe for a quick call to an old friend of hers in a town near enough to where Olumiji had been staying. 
Once Lhatu and Amy arrived at the Dutta’s, the elderly couple had cheerfully sat them in front of a computer screen showing Olumiji’s face, had provided them with a pot of tea and a plate of cookies, and then they had gone out to their garden. 
Lhatu made no effort to ask that Amy go out to the garden also, so for the first part of the conversation, Amy stood in the background and listened. In their agitation the men ignored her and spoke bluntly. It didn’t take long for Amy to figure out that she had more metaphysical issues to deal with than c3’s members floating around through space. So Olumiji was a telepath? And so was Teddie’s mother? In its own way, this was starting to make more sense.
Amy was sympathetic to Olumiji as he asked Lhatu for more urgency and action. Frankly she’d wondered herself why Lhatu had not jumped in much sooner with all the resources that he could muster. At one point she had wondered if his mystery organization had consisted of only him and his grandmother. 
Finally, she broke into the video conversation. “Look I don’t have any special abilities to offer here, but I’ve got ways to tap into a pretty extensive network of organizations that reach out to women worldwide. Let me get back to my office where I can get every single group out there to contact its entire grid and broadcast a ‘do not acknowledge any dealings with either of these girls in any way’ message. I’ll keep it vague and just imply that the man who is after them has ears everywhere. Pavel will get wind of the memo of course, but so what? It will just feed his own high opinion of himself. He already hates me and knows that I’m working on this, and in fact, he might get suspicious if I’m not doing anything.” 
“That’s excellent,” Olumiji nodded. “Please get on it right away. I cannot tell you how sure this man Pavel is that he will personally have both girls in his possession in days. At this point they have insulted his pride, and too many others know that. Even sadder, he is now all the more determined to have them because of their very resourcefulness. He views them as worthy prey, and himself as their hunter. The things that he is fantasizing about, well, they are beyond comprehension.”
Lhatu answered. “You can believe Teddie when she says that Usha is still at the convent she has been hiding at. I’ve been looking into places in Bhutan that fit Teddie’s descriptions. It probably won’t surprise you to learn that there are a lot of small, remote Buddhist convents and there are no centralized records. So far I’ve learned of over two dozen that fit what Teddie has told us. Each one is very remote and cut off from all outside communication. Usha should have been impossible to find at any of them, and all I can think of is that this computer sleuth must have found out something through the family that gave Usha a ride.” 
 “I got scraps of information from Pavel—nothing very clear,” Olumiji responded. ”I think this woman scanned every email sent in Bhutan that referred to a girl from India. Maybe some person made a happy reference to helping an Indian girl fleeing depravity, named the convent they took her to. Such innocent crumbs can be found and followed if one knows where and how to look.”
Lhatu looked sad at the thought that even the most isolated places were no longer impervious to prying eyes. “I will have Teddie continue to monitor both of her friends and report anything useful back to us.”
Olumiji added, “The best we can hope for is that both girls continue to act as smart as they have been so far, and that they lay low until we find a way to stop this man.”
Amy looked at both Lhatu and Olumiji, puzzled. She got how both of these men had skills that would amaze the average person. She got how they both had big hearts in their own way and how each one wanted to help Usha and Michelle. However, she didn’t get at all why waiting and hoping was the best approach. 
“I have another plan,” she said. “How about we try much harder to locate the exact whereabouts of both the girls by using means that Pavel would never expect and cannot detect,” she said as she gave Lhatu a long meaningful look. “And then, once we know exactly where they are, we communicate with helpful locals in ways Pavel cannot possibly hack into,” and she gave Olumiji an equally meaningful look. “Then we can have those same locals hide the girls safely until somebody with serious fire power and authority can get them out. That last part will be my responsibility.”
She gave both men a matter-of fact stare. 
Olumiji was trying hard to stifle a hint of a smile. “I had been considering filling you in more about my organization, but luckily you seem to have deduced plenty yourself. I would be very happy to handle my part of your suggested strategy,” he said softly. 
Lhatu did not respond. He had been irritated by Olumiji’s uncharacteristic push for him to be more proactive. Now, he found Amy pushing him to be even more annoying. 
She ignored what was almost a glare from him and continued. “Doesn’t what I’m suggesting seem like a much better approach than ‘let’s wait and hope that nothing bad happens to them?’ Don’t you think?”
Lhatu sighed and tried to calm himself back down. This woman had already caused him more agitation than he had felt in years. “Perhaps c3 could be prompted to provide more resources and to put a greater sense of urgency behind our part of the effort,” he said just a bit stiffly.
“Wonderful.” Amy had accomplished what she wanted. “Let’s go get to work.”

******
The Catholic nun who greeted Michelle and Vanida inside the simple chapel took one look at their skimpy manner of dress and reached out her hands in warmth. “Girls, you have come to the right place,” she said. And they had. 
Sister Teresa Marie helped the aging priest care for his small parish just outside of Bangkok’s furthest reaches of urban sprawl. The church served the local subsistence farmers near the city who were descended from Vietnamese Catholics that had fled into Thailand over the years. Sister Teresa Marie herself was a sister of the Good Shepherd, a group of Roman Catholic nuns who dedicate themselves to reaching out to prostitutes and victims of human trafficking throughout the world. Besides her work helping Father François, she volunteered in Bangkok three times a week, working to convert or at least to comfort the willing and not-so-willing workers in city’s famous sex trade. She assumed that these two girls had sought her out personally. 
“Come,” she said in English after she heard Michelle speak. She gave them water and food and pulled assorted ill-fitting, but decent, clothes out of the bin of lost and donated goods. Then she showed them where they could bathe, and where they could rest now for a while if they wished and could later sleep for the night.
She listened with surprise to Michelle’s story of a distant kidnapping and with sorrow to Vanida’s tale of a life in the sex trade. She nodded and patted their hands and gave them more food to eat.
“I need to contact my parents. I need to get ahold of my friend’s organization in Darjeeling. I’m hoping I can bring Vanida with me, maybe as a sort of refugee seeking asylum. Oh I am so, so glad that we found you.” Michelle sat at the wooden table finishing the last of the rice in her bowl, and she looked like she was ready to cry.
“Father François left this morning. He is gone until tomorrow, visiting an ailing brother in the city. You are welcome here for as long as you need to stay, but of course let’s begin by letting your family and friends at least know that you are safe.”
Sister Teresa Marie walked over to her desk and wiggled her mouse to bring her computer back to life. 
“You use a computer?” Michelle said in surprise. 
The sister laughed. “Most of us work a little on the side, to raise money for the order and for the women we help. A lot of our work is done on the computer, dear, because it is easy to do from anywhere. Quite a few of us do graphic design, including me, while others create greeting cards, and we even have a few nuns who compose music online.”
The screen opened to her mailbox from her order of nuns, and at the top of the page was a message marked as extremely urgent. 
“That’s odd. Let me just read this real quick before we start,” she said. And then she held her breath as she read.
“Well, this is incredible. Did you girls know that you are now the object of an international manhunt? I guess I mean a woman-hunt. Anyway, you’ve made news all over my corner of this world. Here’s a bulletin from the Mother Superior saying that you are being hunted down by some crime lord and he is far more powerful than previously thought.” Sister Teresa Marie sucked in her breath as she kept reading. 
“This man owned the brothel you ran away from. He is described as now being obsessed with you, Michelle, and with a friend of yours. Usha? My heavens. There is great concern that any attempts on your part to make contact with anyone could be somehow intercepted by this man and used to place you and those helping you in considerable danger.”
She turned to the two girls almost amused. “And you found your way to my doorstep! Aren’t I the lucky one?” 
Sister Teresa Marie didn’t mind a challenge at all. “It says that anyone who encounters you is supposed to provide you supplies and to move you out of their residence as quickly as possible without alerting anyone. I don’t believe that I’ve ever gotten a message quite like this before.” 
She called the two girls over to the computer so they could see the photograph that was clearly Michelle and could read the entire message for themselves.
“I guess we have to thank the Lord that you didn’t show up yesterday, don’t we? Or even this morning. You know, my order would never send something out like this unless you two were in considerable jeopardy, probably more so than they have alluded to here. I’m so sorry, Michelle, but I don’t think that we should contact your family right now or do anything else to let anyone at all know where you are.”
Sister Teresa Marie shook her head at the two girls as she considered what to do next. “I don’t care what they say, I am going to have you stay here long enough to get a good night’s sleep. Then I’ll get you out of here before Father Francois gets back in the morning. The less people who know you were here, the better. Do you think either or you could drive a motor scooter?”
“I’ve driven one,” Michelle said. “My ex-boyfriend had one.”
“Good. You’re going to get up early in the morning and steal mine, and then get as far from here as you possibly can.”
“We can’t run from this guy our whole lives,” Michelle said.
“No, you can’t. But you can keep running for just a little while longer, until somebody in authority can put a stop to him.“
She opened a draw filled with tape and string and paper clips. In the back was a small envelope. Inside was a crumpled wad of Thai Baht. She pressed the money into Vanida’s hand.
“It’s not much, but take it.”
Then she turned off and unplugged her computer, and turned off her cell phone too. 
“We’ll just have a very nice quiet evening here while you rest up and eat your fill. Maybe we can play some cards.”

******
Teddie was restless again and she tossed around in bed unable to relax. She had been expecting to go over to Amy’s after dinner, but Lhatu had called her earlier in the day to let her know that something very urgent had come up, and that he and Amy would be in touch tomorrow. Very urgent? And she just was supposed to wait until tomorrow without knowing what it was? 
She willed herself to calm down, and then to relax enough to travel. As she often did now at night, she wanted to just get a glimpse of Michelle or Usha, to reassure herself that they were safe. Tonight was Michelle’s turn.
Because she was worried, her light trance state did not come easily. Once she finally did relax, she fell instead into a deep, hard sleep, and she didn’t wake up until she saw the first light of dawn coming through the window. Feeling rested now and far calmer, she found herself following the dawn’s faint glow as she went out through the glass in the window. She wasn’t the least bit surprised when she began rushing down the street. Not wanting to risk disturbing her travels in any way, she kept quiet and still as her mist body spun onto the shoulder of a busy highway. She closed her eyes as she sped along the shoulder. Occasionally, she felt the annoying sensation of a bug passing through her and she squirmed.
 She opened her eyes after awhile only to see that she was now whooshing through the air along the top of a stream. Lhatu had been teaching her about this—how to let her energy-self seek out those she was connected to without the interference of her solid mind. Her travel body seemed so certain of where it was going that Teddie just closed her eyes again and hung onto herself tightly until the journey was over.
Only it didn’t end. She kept moving and after awhile Teddie opened her eyes again, this time to discover that it was a bright sunny morning and she was traveling down a highway once more, although she was now moving at a more normal speed, like maybe the speed a car would travel. In fact, she seemed to be keeping pace with two farm girls on a motorbike. She looked over at them, then looked at them again. 
The one driving the bike was Michelle, dressed like a Vietnamese peasant. Riding behind her was the other twin. Neither girl had a helmet. They were unharmed, and moving with purpose. They were both grinning at their freedom. 
Teddie glanced up to see a truck coming straight at her and in a second of panic she forgot that she could pass through the truck as easily as she could bugs or a wall. She started to scream and sat up in her bed with a shriek. Haley rolled over.
“Teddie? You okay?”
“Yeah, I’m fine,” she said. “Everybody’s fine. Go back to sleep.”

******
The next day Teddie skipped class to go over to Amy’s place and learn about the new strategy.
“There’s a fresh urgency,” Amy explained to her, and Teddie could not help but notice how Amy had subtly taken charge. “The creep who originally bought Usha is back in the picture, and he has decided he wants both of your friends. He’s found an extremely capable detective with impressive internet capabilities to work with him.”
“How would we even know such a thing?” Teddie asked.
“Your mother’s friend Olumiji. I guess that man does read minds, and he managed to read Pavel’s, and this woman is pinpointing Usha and Michelle’s locations now.”
“This woman?” That surprised Teddie.
“Females can do anything,” Amy laughed without humor. “The point is that we no longer need you to check on your friends and make sure that they are safe. We need you to figure out exactly where they are. “
“But when I go to them, I don’t know exactly where I am,” Teddie explained.
“So I have been told,” Amy said. “But it looks like you can be taught to do more. And this group of telepaths watching you—yes, I got to learn all about them yesterday too—they can probably do more as well. We have to assume that Pavel will soon have eyes on all standard means of travel and communication. That would make this man virtually invincible, which is exactly what he thinks that he is.”
“Only we have access to non-standard means of travel and communication that he’s not likely to even consider in his wildest dreams,” Teddie said happily.
“We do,” Lhatu chimed in. “Only I am going to have to teach you so much more for you to be able to do this. It’s not our way to push a young one like you, but I have been persuaded” — he gave Amy a look of acquiescence—“that circumstances require a deviation from our normal approach. We start today.”


 24. Early April 2012: Bringing

Shortly after dinner Haley called Amy’s apartment from the school phone, hoping to talk to Teddie. “She’s working with Lhatu right now, can I help?” Amy said.
“Maybe. Everything’s okay, I just really need to talk through something. I have to make a decision, and, I don’t know, I need…”
“No problem, Haley. Let me come get you.”
On the way over to the school it occurred to Amy that driving around town at night was probably an unnecessary risk. Now that she too was back in Pavel’s sights, safer was better. The Lord Peartree Academy maintained good security during the best of times, and Amy was aware that given the unpleasant incidents so far this year, the administration and parents had agreed without argument that the cost of additional security would be worth every penny. Perhaps the safest place to visit would be in Haley’s own room.
Haley hastily cleared off a spot on her bed for Amy to sit, as the remaining surfaces were covered in books, climbing gear, workout equipment, and maps and notes belonging to both girls. They had easily managed to fill a room designed for four. Amy smiled at the mess. Girls after her own heart. 
“It’s a sign of creativity,” she offered, trying to make Haley less self-conscious. “You should see my room.”
“Amy, is it okay to let a boy carry your books for you?” Haley asked.
“Well, surely it depends,” Amy said. “Is someone offering to carry your books to class?” That seemed like such a quaint gesture, charming after all the horrors of kidnapped teenagers.
“No, he’s offering to carry them up a mountain for me.”
“Oh. Teddie told me about your being pushed off of the team, Haley, and I’m really sorry about it.”
“Thanks,” Haley said. “So, I guess, are other people. I heard today from Hans, one of the fourteen other climbers. He looked at the math and calculated the minimum weight my pack would have to be once we left Camp Three. He figured the ratio to my body weight. Well, he guessed my weight and he was close, but the point is he did the same calculations for the smallest guy on the climb, his own buddy, a hundred-and-forty-five-pound guy who is five-foot-seven and whom nobody is questioning. He figured that if other people could carry just four pounds of my gear, I’d easily be even with his buddy. I’ve already passed every strength test they’ve thrown at me, and so they’d have no factual rationale for kicking me off the team.”
“Wow. In a world where every pound could matter as you fight for life and breath, isn’t having another climber offering to carry any of your gear at all rather amazing?” Amy asked.
“It is,” Haley agreed. “And my first reaction was that I wouldn’t dream of it, wouldn’t consider putting another person at risk in any small way just so I could do this thing. But he has some arguments.”
“Okay,” Amy said, “I’d like to hear them too.”
“Well for one he hopes to distribute a little of the weight to others who share his thoughts. But basically he’s very close to his godchild; she’s the daughter of his friend. Hans is six-two and strong as an ox, and he says he wants to live in world where people get to chase their dreams no matter what the person looks like or what the dreams are. He wants his goddaughter to climb mountains if she wants to, and he wants her to have women to look up to who have done it as well. He doesn’t want little Elsie growing up in a world where guys find ways to keep girls from doing things instead of finding ways to include them. He says that world of excluding sucks for him too.”
“Wow.” Amy smiled ruefully. “Can I meet this guy?”
“He’s already got a girlfriend,” Haley laughed. “I like what this man has to say too, and if it was another girl that wanted to do this climb, I’d tell her not to be a fool and to take a little bit of help and get her ass up the mountain.”
Amy understood. “But you want to do it without any help, without any special favors.”
“Exactly. I never needed anybody to carry my books for me, and I’m not particularly crazy about having that change now.”
Amy thought for a minute. “You know, Haley, everybody needs help carrying their books once in awhile.”
“Yeah, but not me, not for this. And of course even if I did agree, there would still be my dad to convince and then all the rest of the team too. I know better than to try something so difficult without having the people who matter most to me, and the people around me, wanting me to succeed.”
“That much is wise,” Amy said. “Here, let me show you something,”
She typed a few words into a search engine on Haley’s open laptop. “You ever heard of Kathrine Switzer?”
“The marathon runner?” Haley asked.
“That’s right. In 1967, she was the first woman to run in the Boston marathon as a registered participant. She used her initials when she signed up and they thought that she was a man. Once they learned otherwise during the race, they tried to literally force her off of the course. Look at this picture. What do you see?”
“A guy charging at a woman runner,” Haley said.
“What else?”
“Well, there’s another guy trying to push him away and several guys look like they’re trying to help this lady by surrounding her so that she can keep on running.”
“That’s exactly what they are doing,” Amy said. “The previous year, runner Bobbi Gibb ran the same marathon unofficially, by sneaking into the race after the start because she learned that she would not be allowed to enter it. When she got so hot that she had to take off her outer sweatshirt and thus reveal her gender, many male runners did the same thing for her. They surrounded her so that she could keep running.”
“It’s so hard to imagine women not even being allowed in the race,” Haley said.
“Do know what reason the officials of the Boston Marathon gave for denying Bobbi Gibb entry and for attempting to run Kathrine Switzer off of the course? They said it was because it was medically accepted that women would injure their delicate parts if they ran farther than a mile and a half.”
“No,” Haley said. “In the 1960s, right along with Woodstock and landing on the moon, they really believed that a woman couldn’t run farther than a mile and a half without hurting herself?”
“That’s right. Now suppose women like Bobbi and Kathrine hadn’t accepted the help of male runners and been able to finish all twenty-six miles?”
Haley understood. “It would have been much harder to bring attention to the fact that women can run far and they can run well.”
“Exactly,” Amy said. “I keep a copy of this picture of Kathrine Switzer on my desk at work to remind me that in spite of the horrors I hear about every day, men are not the enemy. In fact, some of them are our greatest allies. Decent people everywhere work together, to allow fairness and opportunities for everyone. So it’s not us versus them Haley, it’s the reasonable people of the world versus the assholes. And both sides come with penises and with vaginas. You know?”
“Yeah,” she laughed, “they do. It’s just that having a guy carry something for you is so trite and so stereotypical.”
“I’ve got a question for you,” Amy said. “If there was a much larger and stronger woman on the climb who offered to carry four pounds of your gear so that you could qualify to make the climb, would you let her?”
Haley nodded. “I guess I might.”
“Then maybe you shouldn’t deny this very reasonable man the chance to help make the sort of world he wants to live in, just because he is a guy. Isn’t that discrimination too?”
Haley gave Amy a heartfelt hug. “Hans said if I gave him an okay tonight, then tomorrow he’d talk to the other climbers and he’d call and talk to my dad too. I guess I could at least set this in motion and see how it goes.”
“I think you should,” Amy said. “Because I think you’ve got a mountain to go climb and you leave in just over a month.”

******
“Are you sure?” the oldest nun asked Usha, her voice so ancient that it was barely a whisper. Usha nodded. “I am forever grateful for your asylum, but it is time for me to go.” The nun nodded too, without argument. And with that, Usha left, carrying only a small flask of water and a few rice cakes they had given her, and wearing a thick shawl one of the younger nuns had insisted that she take.
“I’ll tell the real world that you all say hi,” she said as she waved, walking out the door.
“This is the real world,” she heard one of the nuns answer softly, and for just a second, as she crossed over the door’s threshold to join Jampa, she wondered if maybe the nun was right.

******
Teddie understood that she was now Step One in a complicated search-and-rescue mission that had more urgency to it than ever. Practical limitations of her own energy and concentration made more than one visit a day to either Michelle or Usha impractical. So she had to make the most of every visit.
There were two sources of information about her friends’ locations. The first involved the questions of how she was finding her friends in the first place. Lhatu kept insisting that her spirit guide was taking her, but Teddie was uncomfortable with that terminology. Lhatu likened this guide to a guardian angel in Western thought, but not from a religious standpoint. This spirit/angel, he kept insisting, was nothing more than a higher manifestation of herself. This frustrated Teddie to no end. She didn’t think she had a higher self, frankly, and she didn’t think anything had manifestations. 
Olumiji had returned from Manali and changed his mind about his original plan to remain far away from Teddie and Amy. “I want to make sure that I protect the other telepaths from Pavel’s scrutiny, but it seems to me that my remaining separated from you only buys us a good deal of trouble communicating,” he said. “From this point forward Pavel is not going to find obvious links between me and the other telepaths, and if he has reason to start digging into my past there is more for him to find out about me than I can possibly hide or he can possibly understand. If I’m here with you staying out of sight, I can communicate safely with you, and with other telepaths at least somewhat, and with any luck I can stay totally off Pavel’s radar screen by not being out there running around always trying to get in touch with you.”
Amy agreed that this plan made more sense, and with that, Olumiji set up camp on Amy’s couch.
Now, he weighed in on the spirit manifestation issue. “Lhatu, you have a semantic problem here with Teddie, and the translation into Western thought is working against you as well. Can I take a stab at explaining this, using some of the very ideas I once used with Teddie’s mother? “
“Sure.” Lhatu did not see the point of using different words, but if it would help Teddie he was all for it.
“Teddie, please touch your nose.” Olumiji said.
She gave him a funny look and touched her nose.
“How did your hand find your nose? That’s pretty incredible that it could just do that, don’t you think?”
“Of course not, I know where my nose is,” she almost giggled.
“You are sure you didn’t have a spirit guide taking your hand to your face?”
“I’m very sure,” she said, and Olumiji laughed with her.
“Just like your brain has learned how to take one connected thing, your hand, and bring it to another connected thing, your nose, so has your mist body learned to bring connected things together. In what you call the mist world—and by the way I think it is an excellent name, only because it doesn’t carry any connotations for you—anyway, in the mist world some heavier things are not there. You know. Sound, touch, the feel of wind rushing against you as you move at hundreds of miles an hour.”
At Amy’s questioning look he added, “I don’t do this thing myself, but I have heard a lot about it over the years. And I know that other things are connected there that do not appear to be so in the heavy world. The mist world is a realm of light, but it is also a universe of mental and emotional connections. You can go to Michelle or Usha because they are of you, in that realm. It’s what makes you so important to their rescue, and also what makes it so easy for you to find them that you don’t even know how you are doing it, in the very same way that you cannot really explain to me how it is that you manage to touch your nose every time.”
“Oh, okay. That makes sense.” Teddie gave him a grateful smile and Lhatu actually rolled his eyes.
“Got it,” he said to Olumiji with sheepish appreciation. “No more spirit talk for the cynical offspring of the Western world.”
“So how in the world do I get my brain to understand how my hand is finding my nose, so to speak?” she asked Lhatu, not wanting to disrespect her friend after giving him such a difficult time about the words he was using.
“Do you ice skate?” he asked.
“I’m from Texas,” she said.
“Okay, other sports must work this way as well. You can learn to do something complicated and you can analyze it before and after, but if you try too hard to think about it while you’re doing it, it gets harder or even impossible to do.”
“Serving tennis balls,” Teddie volunteered.
“Okay, so we have to be careful that isn’t what we set in motion here. I think that you are better off going to Usha or Michelle like you have been, as simply as touching your nose, but that you should try to pay more attention to your surroundings as you travel. Slow down if you can do it without stopping. The mist world is exactly the same as the heavy world. If there is a street sign here, there is a street sign there. Work to notice. Work to remember.”
“Sometimes the memories are short and blurry as it is,” Teddie complained. “What is my other choice?”
“Once you get to where they are, be a lot more observant. Any little detail that can uniquely identify a town, a street, a store, anything at all. Work to notice. Work to remember.”
“I think I see a sort of theme emerging here,” Teddie grinned.
But observing and remembering was more of tall order than she realized. The first few nights that she tried, she kept coming back with a few more details, but none were useful. Lhatu suggested that she try traveling during the day. The additional people and confusion could be disorienting, but more information might be visible and awake people were more likely to give her clues. Teddie gamely gave it a try, and she did learn more.
Usha had just left the convent, and she was traveling with the twin boy. The path was still icy in many places, and they were moving extremely slowly and with a lot of hesitation. Teddie saw them look back up the path often, and as they talked and gestured she guessed that they were considering returning. Teddie wondered if it would be possible to learn to read lips in time to help Michelle and Usha. Probably not. She figured a skill like that had to take a while to acquire. 
The next day Teddie was able to report that Michelle and Vanida stopped to put more gas into their motor scooter. What did the place look like? It looked like a gas station. Okay, there were two pumps. They were painted red. The only sign Teddie had seen had most definitely not been in English, and in fact the local writing all just looked like squiggles to her. After they had more gas, the girls had gone back to driving. There was no way to tell where the motor scooter had come from. The road looked like a road. The countryside all looked alike.
“We’re getting nowhere,” Olumiji said flatly. 
“Teddie, I know that you’re trying and that it is hard sometimes to bring back concrete memories, but we’ve got to have more.”
“Why can’t you just go with her?” Amy asked.
“It doesn’t happen. It doesn’t work,” Lhatu said, becoming a little frustrated. “It’s like trying to go swimming together in heavy currents or group skydiving, I guess, because I’ve never tried that. I could manage to stay with her for a bit, but doing it would take all of her energy and mine. For her to actually be able to cover a lot of distance and find her friends, she needs to be free from concentrating on staying with me. This traveling thing really isn’t a group activity.”
“What if there was another way for someone to go with Teddie?” Olumiji asked. “Not because they were a traveler, but because they rode along in her mind with her?”
“Hell no,” Teddie said.
“Teddie, if it would find your friends, surely you’d do anything,” Amy said. 
Lhatu shook his head. “She could pretend to be okay with it, Amy, and have the best of intentions doing so, but if she isn’t really comfortable about it she could never relax enough to travel. Besides, we’ve never tried this, I’m not even sure if the telepath could go with her, or if they would find themselves stuck back in her slumbering heavy brain instead.”
Olumiji looked at Teddie. “Do you think you could relax enough to take me along with you?”
“Can I be honest?” Teddie said.
“I think that you have to be,” Lhatu replied. 
Teddie took a deep breath and looked Olumiji in the eye. “You’re scary. You’re really nice and I get that you’d do anything to protect people, but you’re still scary. At least to me.”
Olumiji nodded, and Teddie realized that he’d probably picked up what she said before she got it all the way said, which was why the man was scary.
“How about your mother?” he asked gently. “She’s an extremely strong telepath too and a very good person.”
“God no. I mean yes, she’s a good person, but can you name any human alive who would want their own mother in their head while their most personal thoughts were rattling around uncensored?”
“I see your point,” Olumiji said. “Is there anyone else you know that you might be able to trust in that way? How about Somadina?” 
“She’s sweet, but she’s mom’s friend. And I don’t really know her.”
“How about the other folks who have been looking out for you all this time?” Olumiji tried.
“I know them even less. I mean, I’m sure that they’re good people too and all, but...”
Olumiji kept thinking. “How about Maurice?”
“Uncle Maurice is a telepath?” Teddie went from polite to mildly outraged. “No. This is too much. He is the sweetest man ever and one of my favorite people. He can’t be part of some weird group. No offense.”
Maurice, in fact, was an eighty-seven-year-old from Lola’s hometown who developed telepathy late in life after his wife passed away. Olumiji had trained Maurice a decade earlier, and then, a couple of years ago, Maurice had trained Teddie’s mother Lola after the canoe accident had brought on Lola’s abilities.
Maurice visited the Zeitman house regularly now and had been made an honorary uncle in Teddie’s eyes.
“I give up. My whole world sucks. I don’t even know who in my life does what or who I really know.” Teddie looked to be on the verge of a mini-meltdown. 
“I promise that no one else in your family or your life is a telepath,” Olumiji said gently.
“And I promise that you are the only traveler in your kin,” Lhatu added.
“So, like, are there other weird abilities that I don’t even know about that are going to start popping up in everyone else I know?” Teddie asked irritably. 
“I doubt it,” Olumiji said. “How do you feel about Uncle Maurice?”
“I love him to death. I don’t really want him inside my head either, but I guess by his age he’s probably heard everything. Can he do something like this all the way from Texas?” she asked.
“Most telepaths aren’t that good,” Olumiji acknowledged. “But Maurice is, and he knows you well enough to make it work, I think. It would be a lot better if he knew more about Asian geography, or read Thai, but at least he could be a second set of eyes. We’ve nothing to lose by trying. Let me see if he would be willing.”

“Oh, poor Teddie. She’s got to hate this idea,” Maurice said. He’d calmly listened to his good friend and teacher Olumiji explain about c3 and its select group of out-of-body travelers. As a scientist, Maurice found the idea of journeying through another plane of existence very hard to believe. But then again, he’d found the idea of telepaths difficult to accept until he became one.
He was sad to hear that Lola’s daughter had found out at such a young age that she had distinctive abilities of her own, because he knew the extent to which such a discovery isolated a person. He had heard from Lola about the nasty business with Teddie’s kidnapped friend, and he would do anything to help, of course. He would do anything to help Teddie, period. He thought of the girl as part of his own family.
“You best talk to her yourself and make sure she is comfortable with this, Maurice. No way she wants to try it with me or her mother,” Olumiji said. “And her teacher Lhatu says that if she’s not relaxed she won’t be able to travel.”
“I’ll talk to her,” Maurice promised. “She’s a good kid. I think that I can reassure her.”
That is how one lovely evening in mid-April Maurice found himself settling on to his couch to try something that had never been attempted. Teddie’s mother Lola was with him to make sure that he remained physically well, but she had sworn to remain mentally removed.
Maurice took a long swig of the sweet iced tea that he loved before he settled back and closed his eyes. Lola offered to put on some music for him while he relaxed and waited for the group in India to be ready. He was a West Texas boy through and through and still didn’t think that most country music held a candle to his favorite musician, Buddy Holly. Certainly not the modern stuff. He smiled as Buddy’s 1958 hit “That’ll be the Day” filled his living room and his mind.
Well, this would be the day that he would ride along in a young girl’s mind as she left her own body behind in the Himalayan dawn. He would join her as she danced into the air to travel through what Olumiji called the abode of light. In this world of waves, she could, incredible as it sounded to Maurice, find a friend a thousand miles away. Then both she and Maurice would desperately look for clues to the friend’s exact location, proving that one never knew what a day would bring.
As Teddie settled back onto Amy’s couch, she felt funny knowing that Maurice was there but not being able to sense him. “I speak for him,” Olumiji reassured her. “As you relax, if you have a question or a concern, you just think it. He will hear you, he will answer, and I will hear his answer and tell you without you having to open your eyes or say a word. This will work as long as you are in your solid body. He says to tell you right now that you’re doing great. Okay?”
Of course it was okay. What else could it be? 
It took Teddie longer than usual to get into her trance state, but finally she settled down and managed. She had all day. After her mist body rose up at last, she could hear nothing, including Olumiji, as she hovered for a moment in the silent living room. Lhatu, who had stayed in his solid body, could not see her. Amy was sitting, trying to stay calm. Teddie felt oddly lonely as she waved to them all before she left and none of them responded. 

“Wow,” Maurice chuckled as he found his eighty-seven-year-old self hovering in the air, moving confidently through the wall, dropping safely from the second story down to street level and moving down the street faster than he had walked in years. “I sure hope that my heart can take this excitement.”
Teddie could not hear him of course, so Maurice focused very little on her feelings and very much on paying attention to the world around him. What direction were they going? How fast? Maurice wondered if this group looked into having Teddie carry any kind of instrumentation. Could she at least strap a compass to her arm? Maurice kept wishing that Teddie would look at her own body so he could see if she were wearing the same clothes she wore back in Amy’s apartment. But Teddie was too focused on what was around her, and Maurice could feel her trying to slow her own movement as she scanned for landmarks. He could only see what she saw, so he focused on trying to remember anything of significance that she might not notice or might forget.
Once Teddie arrived at her friend’s location, Maurice tried to maintain his touch with Teddie, while reaching out to get anything he could glean telepathically from either Michelle or Vanida.
Vanida was mostly exhilarated. Although she had never in her life had to worry about where her next meal would come from, she had also never experienced the kind of freedom that she had now. It seemed to Maurice that she didn’t have much more of a plan than doing whatever it took to survive and to never go back to her previous life where she was owned by another human.
Michelle was far more scared. Though less worldly than Vanida in some ways, Maurice thought that she understood the dangers of their situation better. They had just arrived wherever they were with absolutely nothing other than their motor scooter, and they dare not contact anyone they knew to ask for help. They even had to avoid arousing suspicions in the strangers around them, lest the mention of two odd local girls traveling along the beach made it into someone’s idle chat. Showing up in the background of an innocent photograph texted back home could trigger facial recognition software. 
The girls had changed back into their original clothes, doing their best to turn hooker’s apparel into a sort of swimwear, which turned out to be easier than one would think. Maurice kept looking for useful information as Teddie followed her friends for about an hour as they wandered the beach, cleaned up a little in the ocean and finally lay down on the sand to sleep without interruption before they worked on finding a way to eat.
Once both girls were sound asleep in the noonday sun, Teddie sighed in exasperation. Humans spend a ridiculous amount of time sleeping, she thought. Maurice had to agree. 
Teddie considered trying to snap back into her heavy body immediately, but decided instead to wander the beach to see what else she could learn. It was filled with local vendors and mostly foreign young people. Maurice felt Teddie’s longing for her other senses as she imagined how the surf would sound and the suntan lotion would smell. She made her way up to the highway that separated the large, crescent-shaped beach from the town itself, and she froze. There in front of her was finally a highway sign, one she could read. It said 4233 in the clearest of numbers. 4233. Please let me remember that, she thought.
4233. Please let me remember that, Maurice repeated.
Teddie’s journey took over four hours, and by the time that she returned, Lhatu was beginning to worry. Out-of-body experiences generally lasted only minutes, often ending when the solid body had reason to call the energy body back. Granted, three people had worked today to see that Teddie’s solid body remained calm and safe so that her energy body would not feel compelled to make a sudden return.
 Lola was watching over Maurice in much the same way. Everyone guessed that he could leave Teddie’s mind and return to his own consciousness at any point that he chose, but they were operating in unknown territory with this little venture, and Lola wanted to take no chances with her courageous elderly friend. She watched him nervously for four hours, making sure that his breathing and pulse remained steady and seeing that a fresh glass of tea was waiting for him when he did return. 
In the end, both Maurice and Teddie sat up and stretched at the same time, and each one started talking right away. Lola took notes as fast and well as she could, while Amy got information from a tired but clearly elated Teddie. Lhatu checked Teddie for any signs of physical stress as she talked, while Olumiji joined Maurice and Lola telepathically to garner any further information they might have missed and to pass the main points onto Lhatu immediately. 
Twenty pages of combined notes made it possible to figure out much of the physical route that Teddie had traveled. “This is amazing,” Lhatu exclaimed. “We’ve never gathered this kind of detail on how a traveler moves. “
“Have you ever tried to get it?” Amy asked with just a little frustration.
Lhatu smiled at her implication. “No, now that you ask, I don’t think that we have. Not like this, at any rate. You are right, my group is more inclined to accept what we can do, rather than to dissect it to understand it better.” That was exactly what Amy had guessed.
After all the notes were compared, there was no question that Michelle was in Southern Thailand, traveling with Vanida. They had a motor scooter. They were in a crowded place, filled with tourists.
“4233?” Lola said to Maurice as he finished his narrative. “You’re sure?”
“4233?” Lhatu asked Teddie as her recounting of events ended. “You’re positive?”
Amy had an old atlas open to Thailand on the table. The effort to do less online had forced everyone to be resourceful.
“The good news is that it is a fairly short highway and it pretty much just goes through one place,” she said. “The bad news is that the place is Patong Beach in Phuket, probably the most popular beach in all of Southeast Asia. At any given time there are thousands of vacationing, partying kids there.”
“So from their point of view it was the perfect place to go,” Teddie said.
“I will get a telepath over there right away to start looking for them. If won’t be easy because the ambient noise is going to be excessive while both girls are working hard at blending in and not calling attention to themselves. Right now they are the opposite of victims calling for help. But we might get lucky.”
Lhatu turned to Teddie. “This is a huge breakthrough. You did an amazing thing.” Yes, Teddie realized with a bit of satisfaction, she had.


 25. Late April 2012: Linking

There are places in this world, even today, that are not easy to get to. The mid-Pacific island nation of Kiribati comes to mind. There are small villages in Africa and remote coral reefs off the coast of Belize that one must make some serious effort to go visit. But there is arguably no place harder to get to than the purposefully isolated mountain nation of Bhutan. 
There are only two roads into the country, which is otherwise surrounded by formidable mountains. There is just one airport. Every foreigner needs a visa, granted only after one provides proof of participating in a government-approved tour. Each tour is led by a Bhutanese guide who will try his or her very best to see that you have a wonderful time, to see that you cause as little disruption as possible, and to see that you do leave.
Pavel thought that his new detective, Mei, had done an excellent job in somehow finding the email containing the reference to the Indian girl dropped off at the convent hanging off of the side of a cliff somewhere east of Trongsa. How many girls from India had hitched a ride from Gangtok into Bhutan about that time? Surely no others. He assumed that storming the silly convent with his best muscle would be a non-event and, given that he now knew where she was hiding, he would have his unwilling virgin plaything in his possession within days. He thought wrong.
Pavel was surprised to learn that helicopters would struggle to make it over the treacherous high peaks, and the Bhutanese were surprisingly vigilant about unauthorized flights. Entry on foot required a damn mountaineering expedition, and his unescorted group would be detected the first time anyone local saw them. Little villages and farms seemed to be everywhere. Thanks to the skittishness of the Chinese and Indian governments, borders all around were well watched on both sides. The more he studied the situation, the more it appeared to him that the Bhutanese had somehow managed to create the ultimate gated community.
Meanwhile, officials from Bhutan were ridiculously difficult to bribe. After a couple of attempts, he had to get Mei involved again as the Bhutanese had apparently placed him and anyone known to be in his employ on some sort of a list of undesirables. 
Luckily, his new consultant was more than up to the job. Mei quickly created four fake men seeking to most respectfully go trekking in the most remote regions of Bhutan, and while it took longer than Pavel expected, she finally managed to get them permission to join a thirty-day adventure running during the high-trekking season in May, when sufficient snow had melted and yet the summer rains had not yet begun.
The bad news was that he needed to find four of his goons capable of not only hiking in the Himalayas but also possessing the patience and finesse to spend days visiting temples and taking pictures without raising suspicion. Then, once they got near the remote area of Trongsa, they needed the skills to break away from the group and get to where they needed to go, and then they needed to be able to improvise well enough to get the girl and get back out of the country somehow. Pavel was thinking that if they could just get past certain dangerous high areas then maybe he could use choppers for the last bit at the end. It would be easier to run and hide at the end of a mission.
This was going to cost a damn fortune. Good thing he had one.
He considered for a minute that maybe he should just console himself by buying another couple of dozen virgins somewhere else. God knows that would be far cheaper and way less dangerous.
And far less fun. Face it, he could buy anything he wanted. He did buy anything he wanted. It was the shit that he couldn’t buy that kept things interesting.
Besides, this had turned into a hunt. If he walked away from this, then the little bitch would win. She would prove that there was something that a powerful man like him could not have. Pavel’s mind slipped back to his own childhood, to the things that his parents did to him, to all the simple, basic things that he was denied. Food. Water. Comfort. Warmth. Until, they told him over and over—until. Until he learned how to behave.
Well, he had learned how to behave. No one said no to him now. There was nothing, no thing, that he could not have if he wanted it badly enough. That knowledge defined him. It formed a wall between him and the nightmares. So if he needed to find four men he could trust, he would find four.
Then it occurred to him. He only needed to find three men. And he didn’t have to trust them quite as much because he, Pavel, would be right there with them, figuring out how to get this job done. They would be taking orders straight from him. 
He could do this. He could turn this into a real hunt, and have the fun of finding and bringing down his prize himself. Could he possibly sneak in hunting gear? Or would he even have to? Didn’t some of the tour description for the country say that archery was the national sport? He could be an archery enthusiast without even having to pretend. Purchase perfectly legal equipment right there in Bhutan once he arrived. Then after he found the little bitch, he could let her try to run from him. Chase her down, shoot her himself with arrows treated with some sedative. He could even pick up her unconscious body and carry her out like the trophy that she would be. Now that would be worth the ridiculous time and expense all this was going to require.
Better yet, he would just make it this year’s hunting expedition! Tell his family he’d changed his mind and was stalking a rare Himalayan primate for his yearly hunt. He could do the Japanese whale-hunting thing next year.
He got his calendar. He’d have to be gone for almost three weeks. Could Samir handle matters during that time? Sure he could. Samir could even probably work with Mei and find the almost equally elusive little American bitch hiding somewhere in Thailand. Maybe he’d come home to two prizes, and he’d have to figure out which one to do first.
 Meanwhile, he was going to get out from behind this desk and go after what he wanted for himself. The very idea was invigorating. Pavel found himself actually whistling as he wrote Mei an email about the slight change in plans regarding the four trekkers who needed papers to visit Bhutan.

******
Teddie returned to her room mid-morning and pushed herself to stay awake through the rest of the day’s classes. Most of her life she’d been a good student, and she was trying to accept the fact that this year would be the exception. While kids back home were already stressing out about college applications, Teddie could only trust that her sense of adventure in spending a year abroad was going to count for something.
She was hoping for a nap before dinner, but Haley was already in the room, happily singing along to one of Teddie’s favorite country songs. Haley preferred pop and rock, but she had slowly warmed to some of Teddie’s music. Right now she was belting out the empowering words to song often referred to as “Because I Can”. It was impossible not to ask what was going on.
“One blogger called it ‘Barbie climbs Everest,’” Haley laughed, “and you know what? Even though I am not climbing Everest, I wasn’t offended.”
“Can I assume that means that you are part of the expedition again?” Teddie asked.
Haley’s wide grin was answer enough. “’Cami girl’—that’s my other name—‘set to climb Kanchenjunga.’ That was the other big blog’s headline. I can’t believe that it is really going to happen. You do know that this means that I am out of here in less than a week?
“What? Why? You don’t climb until May,” Teddie said.
“I know, but I’ve decided that I’ve got to spend more time adjusting to a higher altitude. We’re only at 6,700 feet here, so my dad is coming in a few days. We’re going to drive up to Lachen. It’s only about fifty miles from Gangtok but takes six hours to drive. It’s supposed to be gorgeous, and it’s at almost nine thousand feet. After a few days there we’ll drive up to Thangu at thirteen-thousand feet, and I’ve decided that I’m going to live there until the climb. I’m even going to let my dad do all the last minute coaching and training that he thinks he needs to do, because if I’m going to do this I have got to stack the deck in my favor everyway that I can.”
Haley gestured to the pile of schoolwork on her desk. “I’m bringing my schoolwork with me, even though I’ll probably have to take incompletes in everything.” She looked hard at Teddie. “Are you going to be alright here by yourself?”
Teddie had to laugh. “Haley, you are about to go do something where people actually die, and you’re worried about me?”
“Well, there’s a lot going on here too.”
“I know, and we’re going to fix that while you’re gone,” Teddie said. “Meanwhile, please go show the world just how strong a seventeen-year-old girl can be.” 
“Oh, that’s right,” Haley said. “You’re about to turn seventeen. I’ll miss your birthday. But hey, I’m going to get to have a cell phone again,” Haley said with excitement. “Now that they’ve let you have one, we can text. We’ll celebrate seventeen remotely, and I’ll even text you straight from the mountain. I’m told that there’s reception.”
“I’d like that. Send pictures.”

******
The next evening Amy invited Lhatu over for dinner before they went to get Teddie. She knew that he was staying with a local family and that he often took his meals out at a restaurant to give the family some time free from entertaining a guest. As the quest for the two missing girls drug on, she was sure that restaurant food was getting expensive and repetitive. She could see that under his outward calm he was becoming understandably irritable, and probably at least a little of that was due to her impatience with him and his methods. The home-cooked meal was meant as an olive branch, perhaps long overdue.
“How have you handled being gone from your other responsibilities back in Bhutan for this long?” she asked by way of making neutral conversation. 
“I have made several short trips back,” he confided. “And others are working to pick up that which I would normally handle. Also, there is quite a bit that I am able to do from here. But your concern is well founded. I cannot keep this up indefinitely.”
He sampled her homemade chicken noodle soup and nodded in surprised appreciation. “My biggest worry, however, is that I won’t have to stay here much longer. Unless we find a way to locate both of our missing people and move them to safety, the man who has chosen to hunt them down will soon find both of them, and I do not think either girl will live very long in his possession. That would make for a very sad return to my normal life.”
“Yes, it would,” Amy shuddered. “What turns a man into such a monster?”
Lhatu shrugged. “He has no control over his worst urges. He allows his basest instincts to dictate his desires.”
Amy shook her head. “I know plenty of people with bad self-control. They binge on ice cream and sometimes yell at other drivers. They don’t kidnap and abuse people.”
“The urge for sex leads to such aberrations,” Lhatu said.
“Oh I don’t think so. Sex is pretty damn wonderful if you ask me,” Amy said a little defensively.
Lhatu smiled. “It can be channeled into less destructive and more enjoyable paths. But at its most basic, the urge for sex is not loving, it wishes to consume and control and take pleasure with no regard for the welfare of another. It is not a spiritual urge and that is why truly holy men, and for that matter holy women, of all religions have tended to abstain from it.”
“I think that sex can be loving and even holy,” Amy shot back.
“I think it is a dangerous instinct best avoided by the soul that seeks enlightenment,” Lhatu replied.
They looked each other in the eye, and neither blinked.
“Don’t you have to reproduce to keep your c3 royal lineage going?” Amy asked coldly.
“Yes. I will need to break my vow at least once, and produce at least one child. Under my circumstances, sexual activity for procreation is an acceptable exception.”
“Wow. Bet that lucky lady is going to get fired up. Nothing can turn a woman on like a holy man forced to reluctantly break a life long vow to do something he views as disgusting.”
Lhatu actually sighed and rolled his eyes. “The act of sex is not disgusting, Amy. It simply is. However, it appeals to disgusting urges within the human psyche. There is a difference.”
“I don’t see one,” Amy said.
“Are you blind?” Lhatu’s cheeks started to turn reddish, and Amy realized that this was the first time she had ever seen Lhatu become angry. “Take a good hard look at what you fight every day. Every facet of sexism, rape and abuse stems from the inherent nature of the sex act. Half the species is more biologically prone to crave sex, and because of some perverse cosmic joke that same half is capable of forcing it on the rest of the species and to some extent has even developed a taste for doing so. You look me in the eye and tell me the world wouldn’t be a better place if all men didn’t take a vow of chastity, and make the rare exception to procreate.”
Amy paused, and Lhatu thought that this was the first time that he had ever seen her at a total loss for words.
“You make a persuasive argument,” she said. She looked for a second like was going to add more, but she didn’t. 
“Let’s go get Teddie,” Lhatu said.
“Sure,” Amy replied, and she said nothing more.

******
Sister Teresa Marie didn’t know what had gotten into her. She’d failed to mention the girls’ visit to Father Francois for his own protection and for theirs, and after that small but most unusual indiscretion she couldn’t stop thinking about the unlikely pair out on the road trying to get by without being able to ask anyone at all for help. 
She was sure that her priest and friend knew she was lying when she told him that she had found her motorbike stolen the next day, but he wisely kept his suspicions to himself. It wouldn’t have been the first time that the nun had given away possessions that she shouldn’t have to a young woman in need.
She kept checking her email for further news about the two girls being so mercilessly hunted down, but there was no more word. Of course she could not inquire personally—that would be the worst way to bring attention to the area. The next day she convinced Father Francois to drive her into town for her normal shift at the women’s shelter.
“If you think you’ll be okay, I’d like to just stay on in town for a few days, Father, and then I’ll get one of the other nuns to give me a ride home. I put a couple of dinners in the freezer for you and the laundry is all caught up.”
He smiled. “Thank you, sister, but I’m not helpless you know. Do what you need to do.”
She nodded her thanks. The good Father did not need to know that what she needed to do was to get another motor scooter, and get her hands on one of the small emergency loans that her order worked so hard for so that they could provide funds to fallen women. Then she needed to head south to the really big beach on Phuket Island, find her own motor scooter and help the two young women on it who had nothing else at all working in their favor. Oh, and she probably needed to go dressed as something other than a nun.

******
 The idea of being alone in her room again bothered Teddie more than she had wanted Haley to know. It wasn’t so bad when she was in class, or with Amy and Lhatu, but here the empty beds of Usha and now Michelle were an eerie reminder of the dangers around her and of her own inability, so far, to help her friends. 
Teddie could look things up on the internet as well as the next person. Junga was considered one of the deadliest mountains to climb in the world, with a higher death rate than the far better known Mt. Everest. Knowing that as of tonight yet another bed was empty, because a third friend was off doing something that almost one in five people died attempting, was only making being alone in the room even worse. Teddie pulled her favorite green fuzzy blanket around her shoulders and shivered at the thought. She closed her eyes tight to keep the tears from coming.

******
Lola could hear Teddie’s loneliness from thousands of miles away, and the sudden sharpness of it broke her heart. At the insistence of those in x0 and c3 working with her daughter, she had tried to stay on the periphery. Teddie, in her own way, was being a hero right now and she might even be saving the daughters of others. She needed the room to do that, without Lola’s worry putting a stop to it all. So Lola kept her mental checks on Teddie quick and light, just like a mother’s soft touch on her sleeping daughter’s cheek.
But tonight’s pang of fear and loneliness was impossible for a mom to ignore. Lola reached for her cell phone, thinking that maybe a call of encouragement was in order. Then she jumped in alarm.

******
Teddie hoped that she would fall right asleep and not wake until daylight, so she was annoyed to find that Teddie the traveler had ideas of her own. Awareness of her travels had now become her default, and she briefly envied the bulk of humanity that could simply drift off to sleep. 
Teddie the traveler headed out of the school with a purpose, and Teddie the tired and scared girl worked to at least doze as her mist body made its way down the street with a purpose. She half expected to find herself checking in on Haley on her way up to Lachen, and realized that perhaps that was a good idea. Checking in on Haley occasionally might ease her own mind and allow her to concentrate better on helping her other friends.
Only once she finally stopped moving and her consciousness centered fully into her mist body, she wasn’t in Haley’s room. She was in her mother and dad’s bathroom back in Texas, for heaven’s sake, watching her mother run a brush through her hair while she looked in the mirror with a sad expression. And than she saw her mother twitch in surprise.

******
Lola was looking at herself. Or, to be more accurate, she was watching herself looking at herself in the mirror. Teddie, whose thoughts Lola had allowed herself to embrace for just a second, was most definitely right there in the bathroom somewhere behind Lola, and Lola was now in Teddie’s head. 
This had to be a new one for a telepath, and for a mom. Not knowing what else to do, she looked into the mirror and gave her daughter’s invisible body a hesitant little wave.

******
Teddie froze. Her mother knew that she was there. She’d never had a solid detect her presence before. But of course, her mother wasn’t a normal solid and she knew that. Had her mother been reading her mind? She had promised Teddie that she did not do that, and would not do that. What if she had lied and did it all the time?
Teddie forced both her fear and her anger to subside. Her mom had said something about being able to hear all of her children when they were upset, and something about how that was a call no mother could ignore.
So maybe her mom was basically well meaning and honest and was pretty much just guilty of caring about her. Did that mean her mom could hear these thoughts? Okay. Maybe she could. I love you mom. Teddie thought it as clearly as she was able.

******
Lola was trying to get back out of Teddie’s mind but the whole experience of seeing herself through her daughter’s eyes was so fascinating. She looked older. But she also looked skinnier. Interesting. And then she heard Teddie loud and clear. “I love you mom.” And Lola’s eyes filled with tears that she couldn’t begin to control. “I love you too.” She mouthed the words very slowly and clearly, hoping that Teddie could see in the mirror what she was saying. 

******
Teddie saw tears in her mom’s eyes and she didn’t know what to do. Then the woman looked behind her own image in the mirror and Teddie had no problem at all reading her mother’s lips. “I love you too” is pretty easy to recognize if it is said very slowly. Teddie felt her own tears start and she was back in bed in India, pulling the soft quilt even tighter around herself but feeling oddly comforted.
That was really weird, she thought, but tonight it was just what I needed.

******
Lola felt the warmth of Teddie’s bed and the easing of her daughter’s sadness. She tiptoed back out of her daughter’s mind and fully into her own. That was really weird, she thought, but today it was just what I needed. 

******
Vanida and Michelle were sleeping by day, going to parties in the evening to forage for free food, and disappearing into the shadows during the wee hours before dawn. Food and drink could be had here and there if one flirted and looked like one belonged, and the girls were picking up the knack quickly. Occasionally a fashionable piece of clothing or a little make-up went missing when they were nearby. They felt really bad about it, but they had to survive. 
Vanida got them food several times by surprising street vendors with her fluent Thai and offering to help out in a rush in exchange for a meal or two. There were water fountains and public restrooms and occasionally even decent food in the trash. They were careful and discreet and they got by.
Conversations were the worst because all answers had to be bland and forgettable. They’d settled into being cousins. Vanida, who still had a heavy Thai accent, identified herself as a girl from Bangkok showing her country off to her American-born kin. What was the name of that hotel they were staying at, again? They both perfected a vapid giggle.
A lot of boys were happy enough to buy them drinks that they barely sipped and appetizers that they scarfed down as long as they danced with the boys and looked sexy. 
“So you’re in college, right?” one unusually curious English lad persisted with Michelle.
“That’s right. Our term just ended. I’ll be a senior next year. ” Michelle thought it was better to stick to a half truth.
“What are you studying?”
“You know. Classes.” Michelle tried to steer the conversation away with her best I’m too stupid to care look.
“No, I’m serious. If you were a junior you’ve got to be studying something, even if you’re an American. Is it something, like, embarrassing? Women’s studies? I bet it’s women’s studies. Hey, I bet you’re a lesbian feminist doing some kind of paper on us, aren’t you?”
Seeing the glimmer of concern growing on Michelle’s face, he got louder. “Seriously, you’re doing some kind of study here, aren’t you? I knew there was something not right about you two.”
Vanida saw several heads turn their way. Not good. “She’s studying pharmacy, asshole,” Vanida hissed quietly. “She doesn’t like to get into discussions about it because about half the time guys end up wanting her to get them drugs.”
Michelle rolled her eyes without thinking, and it lent an air of credibility without her realizing it.
“Well, that could be a drag, I suppose. No class at all, some people.” He turned his charm towards Vanida. “So how about you? Are you in school too?”
“No, not right now. I hope to go someday, but right now I’m working on other stuff.”
“Like what?” The boy just would not quit.
“I’m a writer,” Vanida announced proudly. 
“Really? That is so cool. I always wanted to write a book. About my life, you know,” he said. “Are you very good at writing?”
Vanida smiled shyly. “I’ve had a lot of people tell me I’m one of the best.”
Michelle covered her mouth to hide her laugh, then rubbed her left eye and announced that she was going to the ladies room. That was Vanida’s cue to come looking for her in a few minutes, around the left side of the building where the girls could make their escape to a louder party with less conversation.


 26. Late April 2012: Deciding

After giving Lhatu a hard time about lacking a sense of urgency, Olumiji was determined to move quickly on the information about exactly what beach in Thailand was concealing Michelle. A couple from Tokyo who were both strong telepaths from x0 agreed to go on a sudden, unexpected holiday to Patong Beach and scan for the two girls both visually and mentally while they were there. 
Knowing that brains that work day and night to remain hidden will not be transmitting well, the couple wisely sought out others who had noticed the two girls. They got lots of fleeting information. Apparently pairs of girls with a general Southeast Asian appearance were not uncommon, and almost everybody had noticed several within the last day.
The first breakthrough came when the Japanese woman got a strong transmission of outrage while she was in the ladies room at a popular hotel. It turned out that the emitter of the emotion was a middle-aged British lady who had been touching up her makeup. The woman was angry that the eyeliner and mascara that she had laid on the counter seconds ago had disappeared when she turned to get a paper towel. She held an image in her head of two Asian girls of about the right age, who had been the only others near the sink at the time but who vehemently denied taking anything and then left the bathroom immediately. 
The lady was absolutely sure that the girls must have taken it, but what could she do? You don’t call the police, or even hotel security, about ten dollars worth of eye-liner. Still, it was annoying. 
The Japanese telepath recognized her good fortune immediately. Of course these two girls had to steal minor supplies. It had to be them. And that meant that they were near, very near. She ran out of the restroom, calling to her husband telepathically. The girls had likely left the hotel quickly to avoid trouble. He agreed, and each of them left the hotel lobby in pursuit. He went left down the street; she went right.
He thought he saw them about a block away, two girls walking fast towards the more thickly crowded streets that led to the beach. He turned and followed them, but they were walking even faster than he was, and he’d never catch up. He started to sprint. One of the girls turned and saw a man running towards them and said something to her friend. Her friend gestured in alarm. 
Damn it. He wished he had some way to tell them that he was trying to make contact, trying to help. He caught a bit of a whispered plan between them and then they split up, each one starting to run, making her practiced way quickly through the crowd. The telepath had no idea which girl to follow, but it didn’t matter. Soon both had vanished, and his head was filled with the surprised annoyance of the people who had been jostled in the process.

******
“You won’t be able to get near them again.” Olumiji had a headache from trying to transmit ideas with a clarity that was seldom used in telepathy. A phone call or an email would work so much more effectively, and under most circumstances a good telepath knew better than to waste energy communicating information this way. Too bad that all normal forms of communication were being potentially monitored by this super sleuth Pavel had somehow found. 
“Keep looking for thoughts of minor theft. That is a good angle. Your wife will have to approach them next time.” Olumiji signed off when the man acknowledged the general ideas back. 
“Be careful,” Olumiji added. That was an easy emotion to send, a relief after all the complexity he had worn himself out trying to convey.
“I will,” the other telepath replied, his relief at ending the strenuous conversation all too apparent. 

******
Maurice agreed to try a second journey with Teddie, in hopes of identifying the specific convent and determining just how far from it Usha had gotten. They had taken a few days to rest up, and each had the same support system once again in place.
“How is Teddie doing with all this?” Maurice asked Lola gently, as he sipped some water before he settled back onto his couch. “For that matter, how are you doing with all this?”
Lola smiled. “She’s holding up better than I could ever have imagined. And you know me. Staying one step removed has been the hardest part. I mean, I understand it. It’s a little like not having the family in the room when you perform surgery. But it’s hard.”
“I bet it is.” Maurice was sympathetic.
“Then this happened,” Lola said. “It helped a lot.” 
Maurice found himself invited into Lola’s recall, sitting in front of a mirror combing long dark auburn-brown hair the likes of which he had never had. As the poignant memory played for him, he smiled too. 
“I bet that exchange is a first in the annuls of x0 and c3.”
Lola nodded. “It made me think that I could see more of the world if I were less scrupulous about entering the minds of those close to me.”
“But you don’t want to be that person, do you?” Maurice said.
“No, I definitely don’t,” Lola said. “Did you know that I’ve always wanted to go trekking in the Himalayas?”
“Why didn’t you go while you were over there?” Maurice asked.
“I wanted to, but no one else in the family did, except for Ariel of course, and she wanted to take this trek where you bungee-jumped off of a cliff at the end. Anyway, we didn’t have that much time, and then of course after Michelle was kidnapped all kinds of stuff got cancelled anyway.” Lola shrugged. “What I really wanted to do when I was Ariel’s age was climb Mount Everest, you know? Then as I got older I wanted to at least make it to the main base camp someday.”
“I can see going to the base camp. You could still do that, Lola. As for climbing to the top, I think that’s a crazy thing to do,” Maurice shook his head, “but it takes all kinds. Isn’t one of Teddie’s other friends over there starting to climb one of those really high mountains right now?”
“She is,” Lola said. “I asked Olumiji to suggest to Teddie that she use her traveling skills to keep an eye on Haley while she climbs because I thought that it would help Teddie be less lonely. My daughter is really not that comfortable with heights, though, which is another reason that I didn’t push the trekking idea. Anyway, Teddie said that she is going to check in on Haley until she starts getting higher up the mountain. I think that’s good.”
“Unless Haley runs into trouble,” Maurice said. “You and I know how frustrating it is to feel another’s sorrow or pain or fear and not be able to help. How upsetting do you think it would be to see a friend in trouble and yet not be able to do anything but watch?”
“That’s a very good point,” Lola conceded. “Maybe it’s just as well that Teddie won’t try to travel alongside her friend once the climb really gets going. Jeez, I hope that girl makes it up that mountain and back.” Lola’s worry was interrupted by Olumiji’s voice letting her know that Teddie was ready to begin the journey to see Usha.
“Showtime,” Lola smiled at Maurice.
“I heard him too,” her friend replied.

******
Usha had new shoes. Teddie could tell because she was having trouble walking in them. She and the boy were still high in the mountains, and as far as Teddie could tell they had not descended at all. She watched them walk for a while, but it was hard to stay focused because they traveled so very slowly. Teddie decided that the pace was only partly dictated by the shoes, because she had never seen two people move at such a leisurely pace, in no hurry at all. 
Everything they passed looked the same. There were no street signs. How could there be? There were no streets! How in the world could you pinpoint a specific mountain path? It was all gorgeous.
Maurice thought quietly that he couldn’t agree more. He felt a little guilty getting to be part of this trek that would have delighted his good friend Lola so much, but he focused on trying to see landmarks that he could pass along to Olumiji later to be described to Lhatu. Teddie had a good point. Besides the phenomenal views that come out of nowhere, there were trees. And rocks. And occasionally small shrines and rock walls and buildings in the distance that all looked alike too. Nothing that was distinctive to Maurice.
However, he thought that these things might be distinctive to someone who was Bhutanese. Wasn’t it a shame that no Bhutanese telepath knew Teddie Zeitman well enough to accompany her in her head? And that no Bhutanese travelers knew Usha or this boy well enough to locate them while traveling? They were stuck with Teddie and Maurice.
If only there was a way to just take a damn picture of the little rock shrines, Maurice thought.

******
Olumiji kept his distance from Teddie and would not have dreamed of violating her privacy. However, he was unable to completely shut out all the thoughts of his pupil and good friend Maurice. He and Maurice had simply grown so close over the years. In the odd way that telepathy often had of coming and going, he unexpectedly heard Maurice’s voice loud and clear. He stopped and repeated the question out loud.
“Lhatu, have you guys ever looked into any method for taking some sort of image or photograph for what a traveler sees? Is it possible?”
Lhatu stared back at him, roughly the way that someone might look, Olumiji supposed, if he’d been asked if he did something that was horribly offensive like eat excrement or have sex with birds.
“There are those in the organization who have made unauthorized attempts to look into such things in recent decades,” Lhatu said stiffly. “We have chosen to discourage and ignore these attempts, only because it is not our way to outright prohibit. We do not believe that good could come of such an alliance between modern technology and what we do.”
“In other words, maybe?” Amy chimed in.
“There is a place in the physical heavy brain called the occipital lobe where images are received and processed before they are stored. The eyes of a traveler deposit their images in this location as surely as solid eyes do. Memories of a journey are preserved in the heavy brain,” Lhatu explained.
“Yes, but we can’t take pictures of the images in anyone’s brain, no matter how they got there,” Olumiji said.
“That’s not entirely true,” Amy said. She’d moved to her computer. All searches related to either of the missing girls were inadvisable, but searching on esoteric topics was fine. In fact, Amy tried to do just that every so often because a total lack of internet activity on her part would have been suspicious also. She started typing.
“I knew that I read something about this awhile back. See, it says here that the U.S. military has been working for years on things like this. It says that images we see are really nothing more than neural signals in our mind, and this research group wants to develop technology that would detect these signals, analyze them, and then process them into photographic style images, sort of like how your TV takes electrical impulses and processes them into something you can watch.“ Amy turned to Lhatu. “Is this what you are talking about?”
Lhatu nodded. “The U.S. was hoping for some super spy technique to capture details from the images that were not consciously remembered. I think that they are probably still working on it. A little over a decade ago one of the research assistants in that very lab you are reading about elected not to re-enlist in the US military. Her mother in Bangkok was very ill and she believed that she was needed back in her parents’ homeland. Her name was Lawan and the U.S. army confirmed her story and satisfied themselves that the woman had no intention of telling tales. They let her go. But there were two things they did not know about her. One, Lawan was a traveler, and had been since she was thirteen. Two, she was far smarter and more observant than the average lab assistant.”
Lhatu looked pained. “Once her mother passed away, Lawan became obsessed with this idea of capturing images of a traveler’s journeys. Over the last ten years she has amassed a fairly adept little group of traveler rebels in Bangkok, and a good bit of equipment, and they continue to investigate this possibility in spite of our discouragement.”
Olumiji understood the importance of the question he was about to ask, and he sympathized with Lhatu’s reticence to answer it. “Have they had any success at all?”
“Yes. Recently.” Then Lhatu looked at Teddie as she lay in a trance, her consciousness somewhere on a mountainside in Bhutan following her friend Usha. He saw Olumiji’s questioning look.
“Absolutely not,” he said.
““If you had clear images of Usha’s surroundings, and if I could send pictures of Michelle showing what was in the background to people at Patong Beach who could search for her, we could end this thing now. We could get two humans to safety before a monster tortures and destroys them.” Olumiji said it slowly and gently.
“Teddie would have to have this experimental device implanted into her brain,” Lhatu said. “They don’t know that it’s safe, not completely, and sometimes they don’t even understand the images that they’re getting. I wouldn’t ask this kind of thing of anyone, not even to save others.” 
Teddie started to stir. She was returning.
“She’d only have to have it in for a day or two,” Amy suggested quickly, trying to be helpful. Lhatu turned to her.
“No, she wouldn’t. That’s another problem. They can put the device in just fine now, but it blinds a person when they try to take it out.”
“Huh?” Teddie sat up confused. “Who’s blind? What’s going on? Is everything okay?”
Three adults were all giving her the strangest of looks.
“I’m ready to tell you about everything I saw,” she said, “but I don’t think there’s going to be much in there that will be helpful. Damn, if I just could bring my cell phone with me on these things. I’d have loved to have gotten just one picture of one of those little rock shrines that we passed.” Teddie paused. “Why is everyone looking at me like that?”
Amy said softly, “She needs to know. It should be her choice.”

******
Teddie was scared as soon as they started to explain it, and she didn’t bother to pretend otherwise. Besides, she figured that lying to a telepath about how you felt was a colossal waste of time anyway.
Lhatu had barely finished telling her what they were talking about before he tried to talk her out of even considering it. He was all about dissonance, and interweaving two planes of existence, and the general destruction of the universe that might ensue if people who could move about on the vapor plane suddenly started sending photographs back to the solid world. Teddie had to admit that she had not followed most of his arguments, but his point about charging into the unknown without adequate information was well made. 
Amy was worried about long-term health issues. The lab in Thailand had proved that they could safely insert the device. In fact, two workers had agreed to have the tiny gadget implanted in themselves. Two mostly ex-workers that is, because once they had both unexpectedly gone blind after the device was removed, they could do far less in the way of research.
Three dogs had been given the tiny mechanism as well. There was one blind one, with its device removed, and two perfectly healthy animals that had the piece of equipment in for over a year with no loss of vision or other problems. They were dogs, but Amy agreed that it boded well for the safety of the device in humans as long as it was left in place. 
“But,” she asked Teddie, “are you really willing to leave this little apparatus sitting in your brain for the rest of your life? Even if it is safe?”
Maurice interrupted the discussion. He was insisting to Olumiji that the group be told that Maurice was volunteering to undergo the procedure instead, claiming that it made much more sense for him to take health risks at his age. Olumiji relayed the message as requested, but added his own observation that there was no evidence that the part of the brain receiving images was where his telepathic transmissions were going. They would probably lose precious days operating first on Maurice, and then have to start over with Teddie anyway.
Finally, the group quieted down. It was Teddie’s decision, and everyone knew it.
She thought of Usha, hunted with nowhere safe to run. She thought of Michelle, trapped in a nightmare world and unable to call for help. She thought of the other girls back in the brothel, tied to their beds, violated over and over again in what should have been the safest of fortresses, their own cozy shelters filled with soft blankets and stuffed toys. She tried to imagine the men who profited from this pain, growing richer and more powerful all the time because there was no way to put a halt to what they did. 
“I will do anything I need to stop this man,” she said. “You can put the device in today.” 

There were so many details to be arranged. First, the renegade lab had to agree. With Lhatu’s travel and communication certainly being traced, Olumiji opted to communicate with a member of x0 in Bhutan who could contact Lhatu’s grandmother Yuden directly. Word came back a few hours later. In an unexpected turn of events, Yuden herself would leave tomorrow on a plane out of Thimphu, on a mission to make peace with and enlist the help of the researchers in Bangkok that c3 had all but ignored. Hopefully her presence would sooth any bad feelings.
Olumiji mentioned that Lola and Alex should be consulted.
“Of course. They’ll need to sign forms so I can have the surgery,” Teddie said, and Olumiji had to laugh.
“Teddie, this research is being done in a country once known for knocking people out and removing one of their kidneys without their own permission. I don’t think not having your parents’ signatures is going to be a problem. You do turn seventeen soon, right?”
“In three days,” Teddie said.
“Oh my. Well this is going to be quite a birthday. You are almost an adult and you are making your own informed decision here, but I think it is the right thing for you to talk to your parents. Unfortunately, we have to assume that your communication is being monitored also, and the very last thing we need is for you to take this risk, have the procedure, and then have you and your new powers fall into Pavel’s eager hands because he has intercepted a message about it.”
Teddie sucked in her breath. This scenario had not occurred to her.
“I’m going to let your mother know by the only means that is safe. I know how unhappy she is going to be that she can’t talk to you, and perhaps talk you out of this, but I also know, Teddie, how very proud she is going to be.”
“So how are you going to get me safely to Thailand without sending up some sort of alert to Pavel and his super-hacker?”
“We can’t. We have to bring this renegade c3 lab and its key people here, because Pavel has no reason to be paying attention to them. We will have to find a way to do this thing right here in Darjeeling, under Pavel’s watchful but totally unsuspecting eye.”
Teddie looked at Lhatu. “You think your grandmother can talk a half-dozen people into coming here and doing this?”
Lhatu actually laughed. “You haven’t met my grandmother. It won’t be a problem.”

******
And so two days later, on her last night of being sixteen years old, Teddie Zeitman fidgeted nervously. Since she had arrived in India, she’d already become something she didn’t fully understand. Tomorrow, she would become something that no one fully understood. And she’d be that way for the rest of her life. Scared didn’t even begin to describe how she felt.


 27. Early May 2012: Recovering

On the morning of May 1, Amy was in charge. The scenario in Darjeeling was becoming more complicated, and it was clear that the efforts to save Usha and Michelle now needed a leader, not a committee. The person in charge had to know the town well, had to be able to make quick and sensible decisions, and had to be able to keep the safety of three girls, in vastly different circumstances, a priority over everything else.
Lawan and three of her co-workers were in route to India, and would arrive that morning carrying massive amounts of disassembled equipment. They were being accompanied by Lhatu’s grandmother Yuden, who had informed the organization c3 that she would most certainly be present herself for this unprecedented procedure.
Amy watched Lhatu as Olumiji conveyed that news. “You’re afraid of your grandmother!” she said to Lhatu with sudden realization.
“I am not,” he denied. “She is an imposing and even sometimes demanding woman, and she sets understandably high standards for me because she wants c3 to be well run once she leaves this world. That makes for a certain amount of stress on my part. It’s not fear.”
“Right.” Amy knew that a good leader knew when not to say anymore.
All communication with those outside of the city was now being handled exclusively by Olumiji, as he worked with his x0 contacts in Bhutan and in Bangkok to keep all updates away from phones or the internet. At the moment, Olumiji was overwhelmed by the group’s communication needs, and Amy wondered how soon his role as human network router would wear him out. She noticed that he had been popping analgesics now for two days, and she made a mental note to insist he take breaks at regular intervals. 
He had already notified Somadina, the Duttas and Tariq that they could all stand down in their telepathic efforts to ensure Teddie’s day-to-day safety. Only Tariq had objected, insisting that he could still be of some help. Olumiji briefly conveyed to the boy how the situation had changed, and promised to keep him apprised and to include him if there was a way that he could be of use. Later, when this was all over, Olumiji promised himself that he would deal with this situation more thoroughly.
Lhatu moved into the role of security advisor. He was confident that Pavel had no one stationed in Darjeeling permanently who was trailing Amy or watching Teddie continuously. To the best of Pavel’s knowledge he had no need to do so because Amy and Teddie had no means to stand in his way. Lhatu did assume, however, that Pavel was still keeping close tabs on them through his professional sleuth and would do so until he had collected both of his prizes. The group briefly considered trying to feed false information to Pavel, but decided that building a believable fake story that couldn’t be quickly verified as a ruse would just waste precious time.
For multiple reasons, Amy’s small apartment was deemed a bad choice for six more guests and a surgical procedure. Mr. and Mrs. Dutta, who had been part of the team watching over Teddie since January, and who had provided them a place to video-chat with Olumiji back when he had been observing Pavel months ago in Manali, once again offered their home. They would go stay with their son for a few days. Amy made a note to see that something nice was done for these people later, while Lhatu worked to get everyone moved over there safely and discreetly, and to notify Teddie’s academy that she would be gone for several days.
Once Amy, Lhatu, Olumiji and Teddie were all in place at their new location, Amy propped up a giant white board from her office and started to list the known facts, the way she had seen countless people do in all the procedural crime dramas on television.
On the left was Michelle, her name written in bright red marker. Below it Amy had started a list called things we know. 

She is at Patong Beach in Thailand with several thousand other young people.
She has a companion, named Vanida, who is a traveler, and who has a twin brother.
Vanida was a prostitute at the same brothel and escaped with Michelle the night we convinced police to raid the place.
That timing was really a shame.
Michelle and Vanida are surviving, have turned to petty theft, and have been seen recently by a Japanese telepath sent by Olumiji.

Amy stopped writing and looked at her amused audience. “Hey, I’ve watched a lot of shows. Making a list like this is a very good idea.”
“It is,” Olumiji agreed with a laugh. “I’ve got no quarrel with your methods. I was just thinking how weird some of the stuff on your particular list would look at the average police station.”
Amy shrugged and went on. What we don’t know, she wrote. If Michelle and Vanida know how much danger they are in, she added underneath.
“Of course they know they are in danger,” Teddie said.
“I don’t agree,” Amy said. “If the girls turned to any sort of agency for help, then word must of gotten through not to acknowledge their presence. In that case, they may know that Pavel is going to great lengths to locate them. On the other hand, they may have just headed south and gotten, somehow, to this beach, thinking that they are simply runaway prostitutes who just needed to get out of Bangkok. Michelle may have no idea that her kidnapping and Usha’s situation are even related. That means that they have no idea of the degree to which they are being hunted. We have no way of knowing how much they know.”
“I disagree with that,” Lhatu said. “I don’t think Michelle goes this long without letting her family and friends know that she’s okay unless she’s got good reason not to. That means that they tried to make contact somewhere, somehow, and got told by somebody fairly astute to go disappear.” 
“You’re right.” Amy nodded as she erased. “Then the only thing we don’t know about these two is exactly where they are at any given moment in time.” She looked at Teddie. “Hopefully with photos in real time and the two people we’ve got there on the ground, we can fix that.”
She started a new list under Michelle’s name. What Pavel knows. She hesitated. “He knows a lot less than we do. He knows that Michelle ran away from his brothel with Vanida, and he can probably assume that the girls are hiding somewhere in Thailand. Unless this hacker has gotten more information, that’s pretty much all he knows for now.”
“Advantage us,” Teddie said. 
Amy nodded. “For now, anyway.”
 Usha, she wrote on the other side of the board in bright blue. Then underneath she added, What we know.

She has been hiding at a convent somewhere in Bhutan since last October, but we do not know which convent and there are a lot of them.
She has a companion who is a traveler, and he has a twin sister who is with Michelle. 
Lhatu thinks there is some sort of cosmic connection there; I think it’s one weird coincidence. 

As Amy struggled with the spelling of the word coincidence, Lhatu interrupted. “Do you know what the Bhutanese expression for ‘one weird coincidence’ is?” he asked politely.
“No,” Amy sighed, “but please tell me.”
“We refer to them as ‘cosmic connections.’” 
Amy rolled her eyes and continued to write.
Her companion has seen Teddie and tried to communicate with her. He appears friendly and to want to help Usha. 
Teddie says that they have left the nunnery. 
“Pavel has the more impressive list on his side,” Olumiji observed.
“I agree,” Amy said. “Based on what you found out, his technical expert has found this convent. He doesn’t yet know that Usha has left it, he won’t know her speed or direction once he does. But it’s only a matter of time before he gets there and starts to figure things out.”
“We have one advantage here,” Lhatu said. “It’s very difficult for outsiders to get into Bhutan, and even more difficult for them to get up into the remote mountain regions. That probably has slowed him down so far.”
“Okay. So number one priority will be for Teddie to get pictures of where Usha is and where she has been, and for you to somehow get those pictures identified without using any electronic communication.”
Lhatu agreed. “We have to get to her first. Once we know where she is, I will get someone over to the convent also, to talk to them about safety. However, some of these nuns are considerably less helpless than you may think.”
Amy’s next project was checking in on her secure transportation from the airport in Bagdogra. The housewife from Calcutta, who was another part of Teddie’s group of telepathic guards, had volunteered to drive up to Darjeeling and to provide a car for errand-running that would have no known relationship to the group. She had even agreed to go to Bagdogra first and convey Grandma Yuden, equipment and the lab personnel three hours over mountainous roads to the Dutta’s home.
Olumiji offered an explanation for her generosity. “She’s been listening to Teddie’s worries and fears for months now, Amy. You have to understand, she feels like she knows Usha and Michelle herself, and she wants to be part of helping them. It’s the downside of being a telepath. You have to guard against spending too much of your time and resources trying to save everyone whose pain you feel. But in this case, let this woman help us.”
Amy was more than willing to accept a much-needed chauffeur, but unfortunately, she had to have two cars. Up to now she had resisted involving any of her own staff, fearing that they were already on Pavel’s radar screen, and she did not want to put them or the agency in any more danger. But she’d been at a loss for someone who could pick up the remainder of the equipment and Maurice, until Ana volunteered. 
Oh Maurice, she thought. That was another delicate situation.
 Once word of the procedure had reached Teddie’s parents, they vacillated between an outraged “no” and insistence that one or both of them were flying to India immediately to be with Teddie while this was done. Olumiji pointed out repeatedly that such travel would alert Pavel instantly and draw his attention at the worst possible time.
But Maurice had chimed in that his name had no reason to be on any list of people that Pavel was watching. If he couldn’t have this operation instead of Teddie, then by God he would be physically present for the girl, holding her hand and sending telepathic reports directly back to her parents. 
Olumiji started to argue that he could handle that part. Then he realized that he really couldn’t. His presence brought no comfort to the girl and he would likely be busy handling communication with everyone else. If Teddie had someone she knew and trusted whose sole job was to look out for her, this would all go better. 
So now Maurice was on a plane too, arriving several hours after the Bangkok contingent. Amy guessed how hard international travel would likely be on the elderly man, and had arranged for him to have his own room in the overcrowded house, so that he could rest quietly as he needed.
The final component had been finding a local nurse who could be trusted and who could start preparing Teddie for the surgery that would be performed that evening. Lawan’s team included both a medical doctor and a nurse, of course, but Amy wanted more. Olumiji could not make this request for her, so rather than risk using a phone, Amy made a visit in person to the nearest hospital.
Sanjana was one of the girls that Amy had rescued herself, armed only with mace and outrage, years ago. Today Sanjana was a nurse in the local emergency room, working to save others. Would Sanjana assist with an unexplained and possibly illegal operation being performed in a local home that evening? Could she possibly furnish a few medical supplies for it as well? 
For Amy? She could do anything.

******
They had been part of the tour group for all of about five minutes when Pavel saw how horribly long the next two weeks were going to be. The actual hiking would be okay, with at least some fresh air and exercise and likely an occasional pleasant view. Not that any of those interested Pavel a great deal. He was on a hunt and he wanted to shoot at things. 
Because the list of acceptable travel gear had made it quite clear that weapons of any kind were not permitted, it was lucky that the Bhutanese loved archery, and considered it their national sport. As he had hoped, he had been able to purchase a couple of fairly impressive bows and arrows upon arrival in Thimphu, and over the objections of his guides he had insisted on transporting his purchases with him. As the trip went on, he hoped that he and his men would be allowed to practice a little for fun. 
Meanwhile, the fast-acting sedative that could be reliably applied to the tip of a bow remained concealed as medication in his toiletry kit. He really hoped that the situation surrounding the final acquisition of his prey would be such that he would be able to make her his with a single well executed shot from his new bow. That would be a worthy victory.
As to the rest of their travels, it looked like there would be very little liquor, horribly repetitive food, no entertainment of any kind that he cared about, and temple after damn temple, apparently even in the middle of god-forsaken nowhere. Hell, these Buddhists made the Russian Orthodox look like lightweights, and Pavel knew quite well how that was no small feat.
His men looked to him for guidance. They were being well paid for taking this little vacation, but he knew that they would make the extra effort to appear to be more convincing tourists if he himself did so. Very well, if he was going to do this, he needed to do it right.
The three men with him were among his very best, although he had left two of his most resourceful with Samir. His smart, but physically weak, second-in-command would need all the help he could get as he chased down Pavel’s other target in Thailand while the capable Mei fed him updates.
Nothing worthwhile came easily, he reminded himself. He would see to it that he personally took every single rupee’s worth, every single wasted minute’s worth, of pleasure back from both of those girls’ bodies. 
He picked up the oversize camera he had decided to bring as a prop to amuse himself while he covered up his boredom. He motioned to two of his men to stand in front of the little rock shrine that their friendly guide had been going on and on about. “Smile,” he said, and he clicked the shutter.

******
“You will have to physically click the shutter,” Lawan explained to Teddie. “It is the absolute simplest of cameras. No video. Black-and-white stills with rather poor resolution. Military intelligence was hoping for far more, but this much, of course, is nothing short of a miracle given how little we understand the human brain.”
“So what does it do when I click it?” Teddie asked.
“There is no storage capacity. This had to be as small and simple as we could make it, so it transmits the image instantly to a receiver that has to be near your head.”
“How am I going to manage that?” Teddie asked.
“Your real head,” Lawan said. “The image in your traveling brain is stored in the occipital lobe of your solid brain, and the picture is taken there. The receiver sits outside of your resting body while you travel.” 
“If I carried the receiver around, could I take pictures of what I see with my solid body, too?” Teddie asked.
“Of course you could,” Lawan agreed, “but why would you? It’s a big bulky receiver and it takes bad pictures. If your solid body is going, why not just use your cell phone?”
“I see your point.” Teddie thought a second. “Could I use it to take pictures of my dreams?
“We think so,” Lawan said, “though we’re not sure why anyone would want to do that, except maybe just for curiosity. The problem is that so far no one has been able to remember to click the shutter while they were dreaming.”
“So how do I click this shutter?” Teddie asked. “I can’t move anything in my solid body while I’m traveling.”
“How do you lift your arm?” Lawan replied
“Not that analogy again,” Teddie responded.
“Because it’s a good one. After the surgery, it will take days—maybe as much as a week—for your regular body to learn how to take a picture. You’ll use biofeedback, and your solid body will have to figure it out as you watch the receiver for results. See that short guy sitting over in the dining room? He’s Awut, my expert on how to teach you. He’ll take it a step further when you’re ready, and work with you to learn how to do it while you travel. He’s a traveler too and he’ll stand right next to you while your spirit body watches the screen and practices. It takes time and effort, but we think that anyone can be taught.”
Teddie shuddered. 
“It’s a very small device,” Lawan reassured her. “The procedure for inserting it has to be extremely exact, but after that, it is remarkably simple and your recovery will be minor.”
Teddie didn’t care. This whole process sounded miserable. She wished Maurice would hurry up and get here.

******
Sister Teresa Marie was on the beach. The swimsuit she had been able to find on sale was not as modest as she would have liked, but she was a practical woman and she knew that she needed to blend in. She didn’t think that it was a particularly good thing that such skimpy clothes were required to merely look normal these days, but it was what is was.
She started off by seeking out crowds of partygoers, and asking about her two younger friends that she had become separated from. Luckily big sunglasses and a hat helped make her look anywhere between about twenty-four years old and her actual thirty-six. No one had seen her friends, but she kept describing the two girls to anyone that would listen.
Finally, a Japanese couple approached her.
“We’ve seen your friends,” they offered. “And it is very important that we talk to you now, before you ask anyone else about them.”

******
Maurice was holding her hand. The small bedroom reeked of the disinfectant that had been used to try to turn it into an ad hoc operating room. The doctor and two nurses wore surgical masks. Teddie felt a flash of panic as she saw their half-hidden faces, and then one of the nurses said softly, “Count backwards from one-hundred.” Teddie thought that she made it as far as ninety-eight before she blacked out completely.

******
It made Haley uncomfortable the way her father kept giving her these sad looks.
“Dad. You’ve taught me well. I can do this. I want to do this.”
“I know, Haley,” he said. “It’s not that I don’t think you can. And it’s not that I don’t want you to. I’m incredibly proud of you. You have to know that. 
“So why all the sad eyes? I’ve spent the last week at thirteen-thousand feet and I’ve never felt better. No acute mountain sickness here. Tomorrow we start to make our way up to the base camp. We’re going to be part of a real expedition blessing ceremony! This is a happy time, dad.”
Her father nodded. “I know. I wish my good friend from Canada hadn’t gotten hurt last week. He wanted to make this climb so badly. I don’t know his two friends nearly as well, and I’d feel better if he was going and could keep an eye out on you.”
“Dad, I know a few of the climbers myself and we’re all going to watch out for each other.”
Her dad didn’t respond for a moment. When he finally spoke, he looked at the floor, not her. “This is going to sound stupid, because it is, Haley, but dads aren’t supposed to send their daughters off into danger. At least not good dads. So it’s hard for me not to feel like there is no way in hell I should be letting you go up that mountain alone. I should go for you, or at least with you. Spare you the risk or be there to make sure that you’re okay.”
“Hey look, if you’re still having issues with my getting to climb this peak instead of you,” Haley started in, irritated, when her father cut her off.
“Haley, I’ll say it again. I couldn’t be happier for you or more proud of you. I’m worried about you. That’s normal. And I’m having some issues with being the kind of father who knowingly puts his beautiful young teenage daughter in danger while he sits idly by. These are social issues I’m trying to deal with, so don’t get mad at me because for once I’m telling you how I feel.”
Haley paused. Her dad hardly ever told her how he felt about anything involving her, and he was right about being entitled to his own feelings. Hers weren’t always noble or even correct, so why should she expect his to be?
“I think it takes a special kind of dad to let his ‘beautiful teenage daughter’ pursue her real dreams, no matter how dangerous or classically unfeminine they might be,” she said. “How about instead of giving you a hard time, I thank you.”
“I’d like that,” her dad laughed. “Just recognize that this is more difficult for me than I thought it would be. I’ll be a much happier man when I see you come running back into base camp in a few weeks.”

******
When Teddie came to, she blinked a couple of times, thinking that maybe her eyes were playing tricks on her. Could this device force her to hallucinate? Great.
Then she wondered if she had gone traveling while she was under for the surgery. But no, there were sounds in the room, not the least of which were those coming out of the mouth of her sister Ariel, standing over her bedside.
“Hey,” Ariel said. “Thought maybe you could use another friendly face, not that Maurice’s isn’t friendly enough.”
“I thought my whole family was supposed to stay away?” Teddie whispered, realizing how thirsty she was. 
Ariel smiled and handed her an ice chip. “They told me that you could start with these. Mom and Dad and everyone decided that your sister in Ireland might reasonably come visit you for your seventeenth birthday without arousing suspicions. It’s normal behavior. Unfortunately, you’ve only got about ten minutes of your birthday left, but I’ve taken vacation for the rest of the week. I hear that by the time I leave, you might be in shape for a little light celebrating. Happy birthday munchkin. Now get some rest.”

The next day, Awut started training Teddie as soon as she woke up. After about an hour she heard Ariel in the dining room visiting with Amy. It sounded to Teddie like Ariel knew all about what was going on, because Ariel was talking about out-of-body traveling with surprising calm. 
Of course, Teddie thought. They could hardly have sent Ariel here without giving her some sort of explanation. Teddie motioned to Awut to give her a minute, and headed to the dining room, wondering how her logical sister was going to react.
“So you think these people really go flitting around on some co-existing plane of light and energy that mirrors this world exactly and they come back with memories that are usable in our world?” Ariel asked.
Amy shrugged. “I’ve gathered a good bit of evidence by now that supports that and is hard to explain any other way.”
“Wow. That’s a kick. And my little sister does this shit?”
Amy shrugged a second time. “Apparently she does it rather well.”
As Teddie sat down at the dining room table to join them, Ariel looked at Teddie with new-found respect. “I’ll be damned. Well, it does explain a lot.”
“What do you mean?” Teddie asked. 
“The way that you were always telling on me and Zane. We could never figure out how you saw us.”
“I hardly ever told on you guys,” Teddie said defensively. “I didn’t,” she turned to Amy for support.
“I stay out of arguments between siblings,” Amy laughed.
“Anyway, Ariel, I just really learned how to do this since I came to India, so I couldn’t have gone around watching you and Zane when I was kid, even if I wanted to, which I didn’t.” The last part was a lie and they both knew it, because of course she’d followed Ariel and Zane around all the time when she was little. 
“Okay,” Ariel said. “But you were amazingly good at spying on us back then.”
“I was not.”
“Girls?”
Teddie and Ariel both gave Amy a sheepish look. “Sorry. It’s too easy to revert to being children when you’re with your siblings,” Ariel said
 “So did mom talk to you about all this?” Teddie asked, making an effort to sound more grown up.
 “Not mom. Apparently this creep Pavel has our whole family under radio silence. She had some friend from London come all the way over to Dublin just to talk to me in person, and he suggested that I go see you for your birthday and he sort of explained why. It sounded like a good idea anyway and I felt bad that I hadn’t thought of visiting you myself.”
“Did this guy happen to mention how he communicated with our mother?” Teddie was trying to feel her way through this.
“Yep, apparently I’ve been ‘read in.’ My mother is a telepath with a whole bunch of telepath friends and my little sister goes around spying on people.” When Teddie started to object, Ariel raised her hand laughing. “I’m kidding Teddie. I’m really envious. They both sound like incredibly cool things to be able to do.”
“So you’re not upset about mom?” Teddie asked.
Ariel shrugged. “Not really. I mean, she always kind of seemed like she could read our minds anyway, you know?”
“Yeah,” Teddie had to laugh. “She did.”
At that point Awut poked his head into the dining room. 
“These first few hours after you wake up—very critical,” he said shaking his head. “I know that seeing your sister is exciting, but I have to ask you, please come back to work.”
Teddie gave Ariel her most grown-up, sophisticated shrug. “Duty calls,” she said.

******
Samir respected Pavel, but to be frank it was nice having the man out of the way for a few weeks. Pavel was impatient and prone to angry outbursts, making any intelligent progress twice as difficult when he was involved. Now that Pavel was almost incommunicado in the mountains, Samir could apply calm logic to his assignment to find Michelle Tran.
That was the girl’s name. Samir found Pavel’s refusal to name his prey understandable, but an obstacle to the search. You needed to know everything possible about this Michelle if you were going to find her in a country of seventy-million people. Pavel could think of her any way he liked while he enjoyed her later, but now, one had to think of her as a human. Where had she grown up? What kind of child had she been? What did she like to do?
Samir assigned Mei the almost trivial task of producing a complete dossier on Michelle and her family, and began to skim through it, trying to predict where Michelle the human would choose to hide.
The second prostitute was local and knew the countryside, or so Samir had been told. She was a girl called simply Vanida, a Thai word for girl. She had apparently been sold to the brothel as an entertainer. So they really did have camps in Thailand where they trained young girls to perform tricks with their private parts? Amazing.
Samir gave Mei the more daunting assignment of learning everything possible about Vanida. 
“She says that Vanida will have little-to-no footprint,” Mei’s translator cautioned him by phone.
“True, but tell Mei to see if she can find out what camp Vanida came from, and maybe from that we can figure out if the girl has any family to run to. Ask her to see what she can do.” 
As Mei went to work learning about Vanida, Samir studied Michelle Tran’s photos from various sites that Mei had sent him. Not a lot of camping. Some time in the city. But more than half the photographs looked like they were taken at one beach or another.
“So you like sand and surf,” Samir surmised. “That’s your happy place, isn’t it?”
He called Mei. “I’ll be in the air tomorrow,” he told the translator in Hindi. “Tell her that she’ll be able to reach me at my hotel by tomorrow night. I’m taking two of Pavel’s men and I’m heading over to Thailand myself.” He heard an exchange in rapid Mandarin.
“She thought that you said it was pointless for you to go until we had a better idea where in the country to look.” 
“That is still true,” Samir replied. “Tell Mei that thanks to her, I’m pretty sure that if Michelle was calling the shots, these girls headed to the beaches. I’m going to start with the ones farther to the south, because I think they’d want to get as far from Bangkok as possible. I’ll go to the busiest ones first, because it’s just sensible that they’d try to get lost in a crowd. If Mei gets evidence that Vanida had family or someone else to run to, then we’ll change our approach.”
More rapid Mandarin followed. Then the translator said in Hindi, “She says she’ll get back to you in a day or two.”

******
“You don’t think I should even be looking for them?” Sister Teresa Marie was clearly upset. At first she had considered not even talking to the couple, thinking they could be secretly working for the man chasing the girls, but their knowledge of the girls had been so thorough and their concern had been so evident that she relented. “They’ve got no one. They can’t even ask anyone for help.”
“Exactly,” the well-dressed Japanese women explained in carefully practiced English. “If you catch someone’s attention enough that they tweet or text or chat or otherwise try to use any electronic means to help you find your ‘missing friends’ we believe that message might send out a flag and be intercepted.”
“Can I at least drive around and look for my old motor scooter?” the sister asked.
“They have your motor scooter?” the equally well-dressed Japanese man asked with obvious interest.
“Well yes, that’s how they got here. I went and put the keys in it and filled the gas tank and told them to steal it when they left in the morning.”
The nun noticed that the Japanese woman had a far-away look in her eye, and she was holding on the man for support.
“Is your wife alright?” Sister Teresa Marie asked, concerned.
“She’s fine,” the man said. Then, turning to his wife, “Let’s go back to the room dear and you can, uh, rest there.” 
He turned back to Sister Teresa Marie, keeping his eyes firmly on her face. Now that he knew that the woman was a Catholic nun, it seemed wrong to even glance below her neckline. “Do you have a place to stay?”
“Yes I’m at a hostel…” she began.
“No, that will never do,” the man said. “We will get you a room near ours and start working on finding your scooter together. We have the same goal here.”
So Sister Teresa Marie found herself in an excellent room at the luxurious Le Méridien Phuket Beach Resort. She consoled herself that the couple’s generosity would leave her with more money to give the two girls. Meanwhile, her room had a mini-bar. She’d never seen a real mini-bar. How much could one of those inviting little cans of soda cost? Surely not much.

 28. Early May 2012: Going

Amy had considerable training in psychology, and she couldn’t help thinking that the drama being generated by the group confined to the house on the outskirts of town was either a great master’s thesis or a killer one act play in the making. There was the changing sisterly dynamics between Ariel and Teddie. There was Maurice, who had moved on to being concerned for his overworked friend Olumiji, now that he was relegated to the fringes of helping Teddie. He kept trying to take on some of Olumiji’s work, while Olumiji tried to protect his elderly friend from too much stress. 
Then there was the rebel leader Lawan and her devoted group of scientists in an unspoken stand-off with the purists Lhatu and his grandmother Yuden. Both factions faked acceptance of their new alliance, but Amy suspected that their philosophical differences ran deep. There was the demanding granny herself, and her odd relationship with her anxious-to-please grandson. And yet there was begrudging respect growing all around as everyone worked toward a common goal.
While Ana ran the office in Amy’s absence, Amy decided that it was time to see that at least some of these people went home. She guided the doctor and nurse into making arrangements to return to Bangkok, assuring them that local nurse Sanjana could be called upon to handle any remaining medical issues. She sent the helpful telepath from Calcutta out for one last huge grocery run, and then had her take the medical duo back to Bagdogra and head home.
That left eight people, including herself, all tending to Teddie Zeitmans’ training and various needs. A quick run through the list—Amy, Ariel, Awut, Lawan, Lhatu, Maurice, Olumiji, and Yuden—showed that none of the others were going to be persuaded to leave any time soon.
And then a new and totally unexpected dynamic showed up in the mix—an interaction that Amy could only categorize as a couple flirting with each other. Normally, Amy would have thought that was the last thing that her little band of nine needed, but under the circumstances she was reconsidering. 
It was true that Yuden was a bit of a demanding grumbler, but she certainly did bring out her softer side any time Maurice was in the room. And Maurice, who was feeling less needed than he liked, seemed soothed by Yuden’s attention.
Talk about a relationship that had nowhere to go, Amy thought. But that wasn’t her problem. Lhatu seemed amused and relieved to see his grandmother happily distracted, and as he lightened up, so did Amy. And as Amy relaxed, so did everyone. So goes the nature of a group.
Meanwhile, Olumiji received some helpful news. The Japanese couple he had sent to the beach at Patong had managed over hours of hard telepathic work to convey to him that they had discovered a Catholic nun who had helped the girls escape from the Bangkok area by giving them her motor scooter. Apparently she’d chased after the girls a couple of days later, hoping to give them some more money that she had come by. She’d been going up and down the Patong Beach, loudly looking for them. The Japanese couple had convinced her to trust them and to stop her inquiries, and they were now seeking the scooter as well. They had also learned that the nun was the one who had warned the girls about Pavel’s search for them. They had moved the nun to their hotel.
“Then we’re still ahead in Thailand,” Teddie said. “And we’re so close.”
So she kept trying to figure out how to click the shutter. Ariel kept encouraging. Awut and Lawan kept instructing. But no matter how hard anyone in that group worked, the solid real Teddie couldn’t “find the muscle” needed to snap a single picture.
Ariel got word from work that she had to leave a day early for a business meeting in Germany and Teddie was surprised to find herself sad at the news. The night before Ariel left, the two sisters sat together at the kitchen table, laughing and reminiscing, and Teddie realized how helpful it had been to have a relative close by as she went through this. She went to bed with a touching song about reliving family memories called “Laughed Until We Cried” playing in her head.
In spite of the soothing start to the night, she woke up a couple of hours later, filled with worry. On Lawan’s advice she had refrained from traveling in her mist body since the surgery, and she was growing more concerned about Usha by the day. She looked down and saw Usha, and she thought she was dreaming. Then as the absolute silence sunk in, she realized that she had gone traveling without meaning to. 
Usha lay sleeping, fully dressed in robes that looked much like Lhatu’s. She was sleeping on a mat in someone’s kitchen. She seemed fine, but Teddie thought that there would be no harm in looking around a little more to make sure. 
Teddie entered each room. Usha was in a home with two parents and three children. It was small and simple, but also clean, warm and cozy, and well decorated with children’s art. Teddie was going to go out on a limb and guess that the mat in the kitchen constituted the family’s guest room. These nice people must have taken her in for the night. Teddie felt an odd pang that for all the much-touted hospitality and generosity in her own home of Texas, no one she knew would even dream of providing lodging to a traveling stranger. And sadly, it was often wise that they did not do so.
She tried to see any detail at all that might help her figure out whose home this was. The children’s art, the handmade furniture, even the pile of shoes by the door. It was true, she knew it for a fact. If she could just bring back a picture of any one of these, it could be circulated around and somebody somewhere would recognize this place. Teddie stared hard at each scene, wishing she could memorize and redraw it. What a crying shame that she could not.
She woke up with tears of frustration in her eyes and as she rubbed the water away, she knew it. She simply knew how to do it. She crept into the den where Lawan and Awut both slept, and she shook her trainer awake. Awut took one look at her face and he could tell as well.
“Come on,” Teddie said. “I need you to help me use the receiver thingy. I don’t know why, but I think I’ve got this.”
And after seeing sixteen blurry black-and-white photographs of the room they were sitting in, everyone agreed. Teddie had found the button and figured out how to push it. Ariel gave her a grinning thumbs-up, Maurice shook her hand ceremonially, and Yuden walked up to her and gave her a big kiss on the cheek.
 “This is wonderful,” Lawan said. “You are ahead of schedule, Teddie, you’re doing fine. Now get some sleep for a few more hours. Tomorrow you start to travel again.”

******
Amy needed to run home and get some fresh clothes and clear the junk out of her mailbox. Lhatu, in his role as chief security officer, deemed that the group still had left no footprint anywhere to arouse the suspicions of Pavel’s cyber sleuth. Having Amy make an appearance at her office and be seen around her apartment building would both be good things if anything did prompt the man to send someone to snoop.
“You don’t need to drive me,” Amy said.
“It’s no trouble. I’m seen driving you around a lot, and I’m taking Ariel over to Lord Peartree anyway because that’s where her driver to Bagdogra is picking her up. She wisely thought that it made more sense to be coming and going from the school instead of here.”
“Good call, Ariel,” Amy said.
“Hey, I could get the into this spy secret mission thing,” the redhead laughed, and then said her goodbyes all around. 
“Thanks for coming. I really appreciated it,” her little sister said.
“Hey, next birthday when you turn eighteen, you and I will do some real celebrating, okay? No surgeries before hand,” Ariel waved to all as she turned and walked through the door.
Teddie sighed. It had been wonderful to see Ariel, but this was one time that she sure could have used a hug goodbye. Too bad her big sister wasn’t a little better with the touchy-feely stuff.

******
“We start with just going,” Awut instructed. “You go where you go, I will not be part of it. Just reconnect to the idea of traveling.”
Teddie lay down and began the familiar exercises, relying on her training to will both very fast travel and no conscious memory of it. She expected to find herself with either Usha or Michelle, but to her surprise she was hovering off of a very steep hillside covered in ice and rocks. Shit.
Then she saw Haley next to her, adeptly making her way up the slope, grinning from ear to ear. Her friend had started the climb! Teddie felt guilty for not remembering sooner that today was the day.
Go, Haley, go, she thought and wished she had some sort of way to convey the message. She hovered over the rocks for a few minutes, trying not to look down, as Haley seemed to let herself fall behind. Once the girl knew no one was watching, she turned and she waved to the land below. That wave was to her dad in the base camp, Teddie guessed. Then Haley turned and looked up and sort of shrugged and waved at the sky. 
Who is she waving at now? Teddie wondered. Then it occurred to her. I told her that I’d check in on her as she started. She doesn’t know where I am, but she thinks that I might be looking in like I said. 
I wave back, Teddie thought. I wave back. Then she remembered that she could do better than just think it. She came back to her solid body with a snap.
“You traveled okay?” Awut was asking with concern.
“Yes. Just a second,” she said as she ran to get her purse. Reception would remain good for halfway up the mountain, Haley had told her, even though to conserve her battery she’d have her phone off most of the time. 
Teddie looked and saw that she already had a message from Haley. The girls had been told to never mention Usha or Michelle and to keep messages short and uninformative. Haley had complied. “A bird called the chimney swift mates while flying through the air ”she wrote.
“Let the animals alone and keep your head in the game ” Teddie typed back. Then she held her own phone out and snapped a photo of herself waving and sent it to Haley. Her friend would understand the wave.

******
Amy grabbed a laundry basket and started filling it with things she could use over the next few days. She was going to try to get into the office more often, even though the fewer trips she made to and from the borrowed house the better. Nonetheless, her role as group leader didn’t require her full-time attention right now and probably would not until Teddie managed to bring them back something that they did not already know.
Lhatu was in good spirits as he carried things out to the car, and Amy figured that he was relieved by how well the renegade researchers had managed to work with the rulers of c3. The mutual desire to aid a third party does much to mend differences, Amy thought, hoping that the split in the group might heal a bit after this. In her opinion, c3 would benefit from more openness and modernization. 
Grandmother’s good mood, fueled no doubt in part by Teddie’s latest success and in part by Maurice’s subtle flirting, had to be helping Lhatu’s disposition as well. Lhatu was playfully trying to tug the laundry basket out of her arms, claiming she had plenty of clean clothes in there already, when Amy pulled back and lost her grip, landing on her carpet.
“I’m so sorry,” Lhatu got serious as he reached down to help her up, but Amy was laughing now. 
“I’m such a klutz,” she said. He helped her to her feet using both of his arms, and there she was, inches from his face with his arms around her waist.
It was he who leaned forward first. She was sure of it. She just responded. But whoever was to blame, the kiss started and it didn’t stop for a while. For a long while.
“I’m, I’m sorry,” Amy said, pulling away. “I don’t know what got into me. I know that you don’t like to do that sort of thing.”
“You’re wrong,” Lhatu said, gently pulling her back towards him. “I like to do that sort of thing very much. I choose not do it, and that is very different.”
“You choose not to because?” Amy asked, thinking that a second kiss would feel extremely nice now that he was holding her so close.
“Because if I start kissing like that, I really have a hard time not kissing like that again,” Lhatu said, and he demonstrated the problem.
“What else do you have a hard time not doing?” Amy asked, a little breathless from the second kiss, which had gone on for quite a while.
“Oh, there all kinds of wonderful things I can’t seem to resist once I get started,” he smiled. And then he did something Amy really only thought happened in the movies. He picked her up, all one-hundred-and-forty-five pounds of her, carried her into the bedroom like it was nothing and tossed her gently onto the bed. She thought she was going to absolutely melt into the mattress.
And then he lay next to her and began to demonstrate the things that he liked to do once his vow was broken anyway. After awhile she did melt into the bed, and then she melted like she never had before.

******
Haley was pleased how, once the climb started, she was part of the team. Well, maybe team wasn’t quite the right word. There were fifteen climbers attempting to summit, eight of whom were from India. Three of those climbers were older, spoke several languages and seemed comfortable with all of the foreigners, and Haley knew that she had seen each of them around at the climbing school in various capacities as instructors. All three made a point of welcoming her and wishing her luck with the climb. The other five from India were younger, they seemed to know each other well, and while they weren’t unfriendly, they tended to keep more to themselves. 
Hans and his friend Henrik socialized with Haley, as did the two climbers from Canada whom Haley’s dad had persuaded to adopt her for the duration of the trip. As Haley had suspected, the five fell into the routine of looking out for each other. Two remaining men from Japan were cordial, but kept more to themselves as well. Haley guessed that much of the group’s divisions had to do with language as much as anything.
The initial group also included a dozen of the local Sherpa who accompanied any expedition from this area. These trained men cared for the animals carrying much of the supplies, they assisted with cooking and camp set-up, and they tended to first-aid, all while effortlessly directing the outsiders to the exact best routes. Like good white-water river guides back home, they could do everything from the most menial tasks to the most crucial and demanding. Given the strategy selected for this particular ascent, none of the Sherpa would summit.
This climb would take the route followed by Kanchenjunga’s first successful climbers. The base camp had been located at about seventeen-thousand feet on the southwest side of the peak, and this first segment was taking them up the Yalung Glacier. 
Haley had studied the maps until she knew them by heart. The full group would be setting up two more camps, where they would pause for rest and acclimation before they hit the Great Shelf, a large, steeply dipping plain at about twenty-four-thousand feet. The Great Shelf would mark the change over from the slow group ascent to the faster individual climbs that the group had opted for. Haley learned that the two Japanese climbers hoped to make the ascent without the use of any supplemental oxygen, an even more difficult feat.

******
Teddie and Awut were a pair, standing side-by-side next to the receiver six or seven times a day in the silent world of the traveler. When they weren’t in the abode of light together, Awut worked to teach Teddie sign language. She learned the English alphabet, so that she could spell words, and then he taught her basics for international communication and some specific signs designed by travelers themselves to meet their own needs. A few of these last ones were modified from the world of diving, as communication needs underwater were often quite similar.
Lhatu elected not to join them, although he did take his turn keeping watch over their solid bodies so that nothing would disturb them. He had been Teddie’s primary teacher up until now, and he recognized that he had trained her to be a traditional traveler, solitary and almost spiritual. Awut’s approach was pragmatic. Lhatu didn’t object, but he also had nothing to add.
Amy took her turn watching over the two travelers also, and she bristled every time Lhatu greeted her with the coolness of a man who clearly did not intend to repeat what had just happened between them. Finally she muttered as they passed each other in the hall. 
 “You can go ahead and be nice to me, you know. I am not going to misread it as any intent on your part to ever do that awful thing again.”
Lhatu’s expression went to one of almost pain. “It was not awful,” he muttered. “It was wonderful. Don’t you see that is the problem?” Amy kept walking.
The next time they passed each other it was in the kitchen, and Amy whispered, “Then stop being afraid of me. I promise that if you act nice to me I will not turn around and try to seduce you.”
Lhatu kept walking. “I am being nice to you,” he muttered after he had passed her.
“No, you are not,” she muttered louder as she walked further away.
They passed in the hall again. “Can’t we at least go back to being the way we were? I get that this was a one-time thing for you. You’ve got vows to keep. Breaking them once does not mean that you are willing to break them again.”
“Yes,” Lhatu started to answer when he paused at a familiar sound. It was coming from behind the door to the small guest room that Amy had set aside for Maurice. There were moans from a male and from a female, and both were getting louder. It sounded like Maurice had been using his privacy for something other than afternoon naps. Amy and Lhatu looked at each other in disbelief. Then Amy stifled a laugh.
“Your grandmother is having more fun than you are,” she admonished.
Lhatu put his hand firmly over his own mouth and walked away fast.
He met Amy on the patio a few minutes later. His mood was more lighthearted than it had been since two days ago at Amy’s apartment, and she supposed she had his grandmother to thank for it.
“I’ll do better,” he promised. “I think the world of you, Amy, and that’s part of my problem. But it shouldn’t be your problem. You deserve the best friendship I have to give.” He smiled and reached out his hand to take hers. “I know that you don’t agree with my beliefs,” he said sadly.
“I don’t understand them,” she said. “But I will respect them.” 
“And I believe that you will.” He dropped her hand awkwardly, and they looked at each other for another minute, before they both turned away and walked into the house without saying anything more.

******
Mei called. Samir picked up the call in his hotel room.
“Where are you?” the translator asked.
“Patong Beach,” he answered. There was a short exchange in Mandarin.
“You’re in the right location. Remember how you asked Mei to check police reports for anything unusual. Turns out a nun in a little parish just outside of Bangkok reported her motor scooter stolen a couple of weeks after your girls went on the lam. Mei kept the scooter and the nun’s name in the database in case any related activity showed up. We got two different hits today. A parish priest who shares residence with said nun has written an email to a friend concerned that sister whatever was acting odd for days and now has gone missing. Meanwhile, her scooter just got a parking ticket, and it’s sitting at Patong beach.”
“Excellent. Give me the license plate.” Samir wrote it down and scratched his head. “So what am I looking for here? Two prostitutes and a nun?”
There was a surprising flurry of giggles on the other end of the line.
“Mei says you are lucky—that combination should be relatively easy to spot.” 

******
“I say we just kill them all,” Vasily said.
“You always think we should just kill everybody,” Gleb replied.
“He has a point this time,” Pavel agreed. “If we just disappear from the group, they will come looking for us. That complicates things.”
“Yes, but if our group doesn’t show up wherever it’s expected, they come looking for us too,” Gleb argued. “These people are damn tenacious about looking out for us. If they suddenly find a lot of dead bodies, then they not only are tenacious, but they are also really pissed.”
“Okay,” Pavel said, “here’s the plan. When we get to Trongsa in two days, I’m giving you poison.” He pointed to Gleb. “Relax, not enough to kill you. You’ll be fine. But you’ll get good and sick, and the three of us will insist on staying with you. If they leave somebody behind with us, that’s fine. Either way, we wait a couple of days until after the rest of the group has gone on and then we find a way to get away from whatever guides they’ve left to watch us. It can be with or without killing, but at least we don’t send up a giant alarm. We improvise. You got that?”
“Yes boss. Three voices said it, but Gleb’s clearly carried the least enthusiasm for the plan.

******
Teddie was nearly as discouraged at her inability to click the shutter in her travel body as she had been at her previous inability to do it with her solid self. She marched into the living room and announced loudly, “I get it. Thinking about not thinking about something does not constitute not thinking about it. Okay? But I still can’t click the stupid shutter.” Awut, seeing how frustrated his student was, decided to try focusing on her accomplishments. 
“Look at what you’ve been able to learn to do in only a few days,” he said, flipping back through the many grainy black-and-white photos Teddie had produced while looking out the window and at various items around the living room. They had practiced having her take photos of people, of views, of written and typed material. The pictures had gotten slightly more in focus as she had practiced. Awut flipped back to her very first efforts. “See how far you’ve come?”
He kept flipping back. There was a pile of shoes, children’s’ art, some lovely handmade furniture. “What are these, Teddie?”
She was staring at the receiver screen as well. “That’s where Usha was staying! I went there the night I figured out how to push the shutter. But I had no idea that I took pictures there.”
“Wait, you traveled the night that you woke me up to tell me that you’d figured out how to do this?” Awut asked.
“I did. I mean, I traveled without meaning to. And then in all the excitement of figuring things out I just forgot about it.”
Awut was shaking his head but smiling. “Apparently you can take perfectly fine images while traveling, but only if you really want to. Why don’t I stop having you waste your time here? Go. Go try to find Usha and bring back photos. I’ll tell Lhatu what’s going on.”
Half an hour later, a groggy Teddie sat back up on the living room couch.
“You didn’t find Usha,” Lhatu said to her.
“How’d you know?” Teddie asked.
“Because you’ve been sending images back like the Mars rover. We’ve got every square inch of that convent photographed. That was the perfect place for you to go.”
“I didn’t consciously choose it,” Teddie said. “It’s just where I went.”
“The really good news,” Lhatu said, “is that I do recognize the place. I’ve never been inside it, of course, but the barn and setting are quite distinctive. I know exactly where Usha has been. Olumiji will get someone he can contact to get over there physically as fast as they can get there.
Teddie was nodding. “I need to rest just for a few minutes. Then I’m going to go try to find Usha and Michelle both.”
“No, you need to take it easy for longer than that,” Lawan said as she entered the room. Teddie could tell from the expression on her face that something was wrong.
“We need to start pushing you less. Starting immediately, more rest time,” she said.
Even Lhatu disagreed. “If ever there was a time to push, it is now,” he replied.
Lawan shook her head. “There’s something new. The truth is that it may be nothing relating to Teddie, but we can’t ignore it. ” 
“What?” Teddie asked.
Lawan sighed. “You know how we have two dogs in the lab that still have this device in their brains? Well, neither is young and they could have all kinds of health problems that we don’t know about, and obviously they don’t travel and take pictures like you do.”
“But?”
“But Olumiji just got word that one of the dogs has died. So until we do a full autopsy on the animal, I want Teddie to take it easy.” Teddie was glad that there weren’t any telepaths in the room to hear how loudly her heart was pounding. 

 29. Late May 2012: Ascending

There was a minor incident at the very beginning. It seems like there always is. All twenty-seven people seemed fine and fully acclimated as they left the base camp at seventeen-thousand feet, and they stayed together as they headed up the glacier to eighteen-thousand feet—the highest altitude at which it is believed a human can live indefinitely. Halfway to this first night’s camp, one of the younger Indian men became dizzy and nauseous, and his conditions quickly worsened as he climbed. One of the older men from the climbing school had a talk with him, and after arguments were exchanged, the ill young man reluctantly bid the group farewell and headed back down the mountain alone. 
Dreams long prepared for sometimes end like that, and Haley knew that it could have just as easily been her instead. As the group continued upward, she was thankful that the gods of random misfortune had left her spared.
After two nights at eighteen-thousand feet, the climbers moved on to a prominent conical-shaped rock buttress at about nineteen-thousand feet and set up what they named Camp One, where they planned to spend a few more days acclimating. One can safely live for weeks at nineteen-thousand and even twenty-thousand feet, and six of the Sherpa would stay on here at Camp One with food and supplies, maintaining the camp as a base for possible rescue work or other needs, until the climbers returned. 
The expedition was blessed with relatively good weather during the first several days. In spite of Kanchenjunga’s reputation for fierce sudden storms, the group experienced only a little light snow while they rested and acclimated at Camp One. The forced descent of the lone young man was brushed aside, and spirits were good.

******
The young woman named Usha who was leisurely trekking through some of the most beautiful scenery on Earth bore little outward resemblance to the earnest but shy girl who had fled from her boarding school eight months earlier. Fresh air and exercise had given her a healthy glow, and months of quiet meditation had left her calmer and more sure of herself. She had even learned to speak some Bhutanese, even though she still primarily spoke English with her traveling companion. The undeniably affectionate attention of the boy traveling with her was clearly not detracting from her self-esteem either.
Though the two violated social norms with their un-chaperoned journey, Jampa was always quick to explain their situation in acceptable terms and, as is the way of the Bhutanese, they were offered food and shelter without exception.
While Usha had chafed to leave the convent, once she was away and on her own she found herself in no hurry at all to complete the trek from somewhere east of Trongsa to the Bhutanese capital of Thimphu in the far western portion of the little nation. Though their ultimate destination of Thimphu was only about eighty miles away as a crow would fly, Jampa had estimated it to be a two- to three-hundred mile journey on foot, winding through several difficult mountain passes. 
They had spent more than a month just making their way to Trongsa, a mere forty-mile walk from the convent. Many helpful people along the way had insisted that they stay over for two or three nights if they wished, and they often had. Several had given them better clothing, food for the road, and even camping supplies. Usha had begun to think that the generosity of these people knew no bounds, and she could now appreciate why the Bhutanese government was so loath to permit unrestricted travel in the region.
“I think that the Bhutanese would give their whole country away before they knew what had happened,” Usha said.
Jampa shook his head. “It is expected to be extraordinarily giving to outsiders, but most people here aren’t naive or stupid, Usha. They are choosing to be kind to you.”
As they walked into Trongsa, the main city in central Bhutan and yet a town of less than three-thousand people, Usha felt like she was walking into Mumbai. Months of relative isolation can do that. All the white buildings with their red roofs seemed like an overwhelming imprint of humanity, and the large dzong that dominated the town stared down at her with its red and gold trim.
“How long do you want to stay here?” she asked.
“Not long. I wish to check in at the monastery, in hopes that they will be willing to arrange suitable lodging in town for both of us, and to send word to others in Thimphu who can make arrangements to help us once we arrive.”
“Yes, of course.” Usha wasn’t that anxious to be situated at a local convent, which seemed inevitable, and she was even less anxious to finally arrive at Thimphu. But the generosity that was keeping her alive was predicated on the idea that she was on a journey, going somewhere. And if you are going somewhere, then you have to eventually get there, don’t you?
“Do you still think that the government people in Thimphu will likely grant me asylum in this country?”
“I do,” Jampa said. “You snuck in, in the back of truck, but you were running in fear, and my countrymen are inclined to be sympathetic to one in your plight.”
 “I’m just lucky that this crazy man they sold me to couldn’t follow me into Bhutan. By now he’s surely forgotten about me.”
“I am sure that he has,” Jampa said. “And if your uncle no longer causes you worry, you can choose to return to India instead, and the Bhutanese would also help you with that.” With this last observation, Jampa had become more formal.
“I don’t think so,” Usha said. “I don’t belong in a convent, but I have begun to believe that I do belong in Bhutan. I would like to be in contact with my family, though, and be able to visit them…”
She stopped as they approached a large white building with ornate blue trim and a sign that said “Trongsa Medical Shop” in English. “The local hospital,” Jampa explained, as a large European man stood doubled over in front of the door moaning in pain. Three other large, well-built men stood with him, trying to get their friend some help.
“Trekkers,” Jampa explained. “Hardly any of them make it this far up into the mountains, but May is the biggest month for it.”
“Poor man,” Usha said. “I hope that he is okay. Something sure ruined these guys’ holiday.”
As they walked on, Usha noticed one of the men giving her a long, strange look.
“I forgot how creepy it is to have strange men stare at you like that,” she complained softly to Jampa.
Jampa turned and gave the man a glare back, and the man started to laugh. It was a deep belly laugh, but oddly lacking in the infectious quality that amusement usually has. It appeared as if the joke that had pleased this man so much was his alone to enjoy.

******
Camp Two was established a little above twenty-thousand-five-hundred feet, after the group followed a narrow rib of rock up the extreme right-hand edge of the main icefall associated with the glacier. Kanchenjunga is known for its ongoing avalanches, and although the group had kept to the routes that they believed to be the safest, Haley was beginning to find the constant thunder coming from the avalanches at the head of the glacier unnerving. She knew all too well that no route could be considered completely safe. She also knew that she needed to focus on maintaining a good mental attitude in spite of the disturbing sound.
Positive thoughts were key to any difficult and protracted physical endeavor, with maturity often proving to be more of an asset than the energy of youth. Haley was trying her best to have both.
So she was particularly distressed when, a day after they left Camp Two, she discovered that her two closest climbing companions, Hans and Henrik, were now at odds with each other. She knew from her own experience that friendships can wear thin under the hardships of cold, fatigue and discomfort encountered on a climb, but she expected better somehow from the two men who had been mature enough to argue for her inclusion. 
She hung behind, hoping they would work through whatever the issue was, and heard more than she meant to about what seemed to have set off the problem between the two close buddies.
“No, I do not want to let anyone else know,” Henrik muttered. “That’s why I kept it in three separate places to begin with.”
“Well you still have twice what you need, in two places. And it’s not like the bag I left behind is going anywhere. We’ll surely descend down this same ridge and you can pick it up on the way down,” Hans tried to sooth his friend.
“Oh, I intend to. I just figured that I could count on you better to carry my backup.”
Hans hung his head in obvious frustration. “Look, if you really want me to, I’ll go back down and get it. It will only take me about a day and a half, and I’ll catch up with you guys when you stop to camp on the Great Shelf.”
“You know damn well that pushing yourself like that would be a bad idea.” Henrik did not seem to be the least bit consoled by the offer. “I don’t want that on me, thanks.”
 Haley tactfully pretended like she had not overheard the conversation, but it bothered her and stuck with her as she climbed. So Hans had left something behind, something important to Henrik. It sounded like medicine. Insulin? Could Henrik be really making this climb as a diabetic? If so, Haley hoped that having twice what he needed would be more than sufficient. She really wanted to see both of her friends make it all the way to the top. Much more importantly, she wanted to see them both make it safely all the way down.

******
The young woman named Michelle who was living as a homeless person on one of the most popular resort beaches in Thailand bore little outward resemblance to the calm and confident American who had arrived at her boarding school eight months earlier. The horrors she had endured had left her skittish and shaken, and she feared that she might never find a way to return to a life that had been challenging but nowhere near as difficult as she had once thought. 
What remained from her past was an inner core of strength and a practical nature not prone to self-pity. She and her companion had managed to eek out a survival by living half in the sun and half in the shadows. Both knew that turning the occasional trick, or even just spending the occasional night without charging, would have improved their lifestyle considerably. But both found the idea too distasteful. 
Yes, it might have been easier than it would have been before she was kidnapped, before she had been forced to pretend that the few times she had been unable to avoid having sex with clients was voluntary and not the rape that it truly was. But just because something was easier did not mean that is was easy. Michelle believed that she had done what she had to in order to survive, and to her it was not the same thing as doing it to be more comfortable—a fuzzy line, perhaps, but one that she intended to make every effort not to cross. 
Vanida shared her distaste for sex with men she did not know or care about, and neither felt a need to explain it to the other. They did, however, exchange other stories over the time that they spent together at the beach. Michelle was incredulous to learn of Vanida’s bizarre upbringing, owned by two women and taught from a young age how to use her vagina as a way to entertain. Fed on romance novels and the promises of how much money she would make as an entertainer, she had perfected a skill that most women wouldn’t even be able to describe without blushing.
Michelle shared stories of her family life at home, and they fascinated Vanida who had always longed for parents and a sibling. Vanida listened to the story of life at Lord Peartree and the four misfit roommates who entered the school at the start of their junior year.
“Usha? That means ‘dawn’ in Hindi,” she told Michelle. “I feel for this Usha, and for you too, because you both had something you lost and now you miss it. I can’t miss what I never had. In fact, I’m more free now than I can ever remember being. I hate to tell you, but this might be the happiest time in my life.”
They did not talk much about the bogeyman they were running from until a man tried to chase them down in the street one day, yelling at them to stop because he wanted to help them. It scared both of them to their very core. Huddled together later in an alley, Vanida pressed for more information.
“Last I knew, Usha’s uncle had sold her, to help pay off her father’s medical expenses. God, that sounds so incredible.”
“Why?” Vanida asked.
“Because I live in a world where people just don’t do that,” Michelle tried to explain. “I don’t think they are better people, frankly. It’s just that where I was raised that would be considered such a horrible thing to do that all but the most psychotic wouldn’t even consider it.”
Vanida thought a minute. “Do you think many people would sell off their young female relatives if, say, it already happened a lot in your hometown? And no one thought it was really such a big deal?”
“Yeah.” Michelle was surprised at how certain she felt. “I’m pretty sure that plenty would. But then again, I don’t have all that high an opinion of humanity at the moment.”
 “What do we know about this man that bought Usha?”
“Before I was kidnapped, I was told that Usha ran away to stay with a family friend in another city, and then this man sent people up there to get her, which was kind of excessive to start with, I thought. So this agency in town hid her family so that he couldn’t use them to try to find her. We thought that would be the end of it, that she would just hide for awhile and would turn up somewhere asking for help, and then the next thing I know I wake up locked in a closet.”
“You didn’t think that what happened to you had anything to do with your friend Usha?” Vanida asked.
“Well, I considered that at first, but after awhile it was hard to see a connection. I mean, no one even asked me about her. They just shipped me off here. I finally figured I was just a really unlucky random victim.” Michelle said. “I mean why would they do this to me? What did it gain them?”
“I think that you were taken as a warning, to show others what this man could do as long as he was displeased. He didn’t want anything else from you except to destroy your life to make the point that he could.”
“Yeah, well he did that,” Michelle mumbled. “Not to take anything away from the best time so far in your life,” she added.
“You’d have probably been fine, you know, if he had found Usha and got what he wanted,” Vanida said. “This latest hunt for you only makes sense if this man is pissed. He hasn’t gotten Usha, and he’s lost you, and he sure as hell is going to find one or both of you now.”
“I’ve gone from collateral damage to being part of his obsession?” Michelle muttered in exasperation.
“I think the fact that he is even chasing you is proof that this man isn’t half as powerful as he thinks he is.”
“So what do you want to do?” Michelle asked cautiously. 
“Me? Right now I want to try to get some sleep. We’ll work on a plan over the next few days.”

******
The group planned to stay a couple of nights on the Great Shelf, making Camp Three at the base of the large sloping plateau at about twenty-four-thousand feet. This large plain was conveniently located about a thousand feet below what was commonly considered to be the beginning of the “death zone.” At the rarified air above about twenty-five-thousand feet, the human body is simply dying, and the only question is how fast. Most, if not all, of the climbers were now taking Acetazolamide to help with the periodic nighttime breathing interruptions experienced by virtually all sleepers at very high altitudes. The interruptions are known for robbing climbers of a good night’s rest and leaving them even more prone to fatigue and confusion. 
Several were also taking Dexamethasone, hoping to stave off the life-threatening advanced stage of acute mountain sickness known as HACE, for high altitude cerebral edema, in which one’s brain swells and stops working properly. Some climbers were taking Nifedipine as a preventative for HAPE, high altitude pulmonary edema, in which the extreme altitude causes one’s lungs to fill with fluid, in essence drowning a climber who is standing on the top of the world. 
Haley was sticking to the Acetazolamide only, knowing how important a night’s rest was to being alert enough to deal with the problems of the day. She didn’t like mixing the various drugs, and she knew that if symptoms of HACE or HAPE appeared, her best chance at seeing her eighteenth birthday would involve the fastest descent that she could manage. 
As the air became thinner, the group climbed ever more slowly, and it was with relief that most of them stopped on the Great Shelf for their last real rest before each of them would don all the gear they needed for several days and attempt the summit. The remaining Sherpa assisted in setting up this final camp for them, and cooked them one last meal—a hot lunch. They stored extra dried food, ample climbing gear and extra oxygen tanks for use by those making the full ascent. 
Two more climbers had already been forced to turn around and head back down. One of the Canadians had broken two fingers when a falling rock landed on his hand, and one of the young Indian men had injured his ankle and deemed it to too tender to continue. The two were descending slowly with the help of one of the Sherpa. 
As the remaining group made their way onto the plateau, one of the older climbers from the mountaineering school began to cough up blood as he climbed. When pressed for information, he admitted that he had been breathless most of the night, and knew that he was now showing undeniable symptoms of HAPE. He took Nifedipine to buy himself some time, and left with the remaining Sherpa, who were headed back to the base of the mountain.
The two Japanese climbers who were attempting to make the full ascent without any supplemental oxygen wanted to keep going so that they could get up and back down without any more time elapsing than necessary. They wished the rest of the group well, but moved on after lunch without even spending a night at Camp Three. 
That left nine climbers that night at the camp on the Great Shelf, pausing for a brief rest as they stared in wonder at the magnificent hanging glacier above them. Haley looked at the eight men with her. There were three young Indian men she had hardly spoken with, and who were only a few years older than she was. Two of the veteran climbers from the mountaineering school remained, and they were in many ways the group’s unspoken leaders. Hans and Henrik seemed to have finally put the unfortunate incident with the lost medicine behind them and had resumed their former camaraderie. 
The remaining man was the Canadian who was her father’s acquaintance. Haley noticed that he had been less warm to her than his companion who had sustained the hand injury, and now that he was alone she got the definite impression that he merely hoped that she would not slow him down. Well, she didn’t intend to. 
The weather stayed beautiful for the two days spent resting at the camp, and then their luck changed.

******
It took a few days for word to come back, and Lhatu drove Teddie over to school so that she could at least go to her classes while they waited. Olumiji had put an enthusiastic Tariq back on temporary duty keeping mental watch over the girl while she was at school, and Amy called the academy and secured permission for Teddie to continue to stay off campus at night. That way Lawan could keep on monitoring her health. Teddie squirmed with restlessness each evening while she paced around a house that seemed smaller every minute that she was confined to it.
“I can’t get exactly what killed the dog,” a frustrated and tired Olumiji confessed three nights later after dinner as he held his head, “but you know, it doesn’t really matter because I am very certain it was not the device. More importantly, they’ve been extremely thorough, and they are very certain it was not the device.” He turned to Teddie and smiled weakly. “Young lady, you have just been cleared for takeoff.”
When she only gave him an odd look back he added, “You’re from Houston, right? A little humor from home?”
He’s trying, she told herself. He’s exhausted and he’s trying to help me relax. “Thanks,” she said, managing a little chuckle back. “I’m glad that it’s finally launch time.”

 30. Late May 2012: Descending

“Who do I check on first?” Teddie asked, talking more to herself than to the other people in the room. Lhatu answered for them all.
“Remember my telling you that there are three kinds of travel. Do you remember the first one?”
“Of course,” Teddie said. “Wandering. The only method of the untrained beginner, and a form of relaxation and exploration for the adept.”
“Exactly,” Lhatu said, pleased. “And the second?”
“Seeking. You have trained me in this, and now I seek my friends who need me.”
“Perhaps,” Lhatu said. “Seeking is the second method, but we became distracted, you and I, and did not talk much about the third. It is known as ‘answering a call’ and it is perhaps what you must do now.” 
“So you think that whichever one of my friends needs me the most will call to me? How will I know which one it is? How will I answer?” Teddie was not happy about having this last minute information foisted on her. 
“Trust your higher self,” Lhatu replied. “Be open. Go where you go.”
Teddie suppressed the eye-roll at the mention of a higher self, and gave Lhatu a confused shrug. “I’ll do my best. I can promise you that I’ll go where I go.” She shook her head at the vague instructions and then concentrated all of her efforts on entering the trance state that had become almost as natural to her as being awake. As she left her solid body, she wondered for a brief second which of her friends was going to need her the most.

******
The first plop of falling snow was small and quick; it barely deserved the name avalanche. Even better, the group heard the characteristic rumble high above them in time to act. Most of them had their gear on, and the remaining supplies had been piled together at the edge of the small camp. Only Henrik, who was moving uncharacteristically slowly that morning, was still in his tent, gathering his things. At the sight and sound of the falling snow the group moved fast, lucky that there was a clear direction to go to get out of the way, and room on the wide shelf to do so.
It fell such that it only half-covered their gear, but totally covered Henrik, who hadn’t been able to get out of his tent fast enough to run. Hans ran back to where the top of his friend’s tent was poking through the snow and started digging. Part of the group moved to help him while the rest worked to pull their gear free from the edge of the snow, all praising their good fortune that it had not been worse.
Henrik was surprisingly frantic as his friends pulled him and his backpack out. Haley was amazed that a veteran climber would be so shook. A second, louder rumble let them all know that more falling snow was coming down the same path. This time they ran, with Hans dragging a struggling and resisting Henrik to safety with him.
The falling snow exploded into a white fury as it landed with both a beauty and a roar. The nine climbers turned around to watch in safety and in wonder. Once the noise had subsided, Hans asked Henrik curtly, “Where is your medicine?” 
“I was trying to tell you. It was laying next to my backpack.”
“So now you’re down to just the portion you were going to give me to carry?” Hans asked, frustrated.
“No,” Henrik said in agitation. “Now I’m down to nothing. I had taken out both caches to see how much was left in each. I’d been pulling from both sets and I wanted to divide it up evenly before I gave you half to carry.” Henrik gave Hans a look of desperation. “All of my medicine was spread out on the ground when the avalanche hit. Don’t you get it? That’s why I was taking so long in the tent. Sorting it. Now—” and he pointed to the fresh pile of deep snow—“now it’s buried somewhere under there.”
“He’s diabetic?” Haley asked softly.
“No,” Hans shook his head.
Henrik looked over at her. “I have something called Addison’s disease. My adrenal glands don’t work right, so I have to take a medicine every day for them.”
“So what are you doing climbing a mountain with that shit, man?” the Canadian asked irritably.
“Climbing mountains is what I do. This disease is no issue. John Kennedy ran the country with it, for god’s sake, and all kinds of people with Addison’s do all kinds of strenuous things.”
“So how long can you go without your medicine?” asked one of the climbing instructors.
“I could normally go a couple of days, even though that’s not a good idea. So I brought three times as much as I needed and put it in different places. I’m no idiot. Then one bag got accidently left at Camp Two with the other supplies that we stashed,” Henrik said.
“So get yourself down to Camp Two,” the Canadian said. “You can get there in two days.”
“Yeah, easily, if I was doing okay,” Henrik agreed. “I’d just take the medicine and get myself down the mountain from there.”
“But you’re not doing okay?” Haley asked.
Henrik shook his head. “I’m definitely moving into what they call an Addisonian crisis. It was probably set off by dehydration—I knew that I needed more fluids last night but I was just too tired to bother. That’s why I was sorting through the medicine this morning, to see exactly what I had left. This crisis isn’t a crisis at all, as long as I get a good bit of hydrocortisone pretty quickly, but I go through the meds faster once I am in it.”
“What happens without the hydrocortisone?” Haley asked.
“My blood pressure and my blood sugar levels start to drop. It becomes life-threatening within hours.”
“God knows we’ve plenty of kinds of medication on us all. Can’t we give you something that will help you?” the Canadian asked.
“Salt, sugar and fluids will all help me stave it off for a little while, and I’ll take them, but within hours I am going to need that shot of hydrocortisone. With one, I’m fine, so I carry syringes ready to go, of course. There’re two of them buried under all that snow.”
The other instructor shook his head. “We could look for days and not find your medicine under all that. Our best bet is to get you back to the Camp Two where you’ve got your extra medicine waiting.”
“That’s at least two days of walking. He told you. He won’t make it,” Hans said.
“Can we radio back and get one of the Sherpa to go get your bag and bring it up to us?” the other instructor suggested.
“At best that’s two days away, too, and that’s if one of the Sherpa climbs almost continually,” Hans pointed out.
 “You’re toast man,” the Canadian said, with some sympathy. “I’m sorry to hear it. I really am. But I’m not doing you any good standing here at twenty-four-thousand feet talking about it. No offense, but I’ve got a mountain to climb.”
He looked around. “Anyone else ready to come with me?”
Both mountaineering instructors nodded sadly. 
“Helicopter?” one of the young Indian men said hopefully.
Hans shook his head sadly. “Almost none can go over eighteen-thousand feet. Kanchenjunga is too remote, we couldn’t get one that could here fast enough.”
One of the mountaineering instructors said something to the three younger men in rapid Hindi. The young men talked among themselves, gesturing and raising their voices. Finally, one of them uttered a single syllable and turned and joined the three older men that were already preparing to move on up the mountain. The other two young Indian men moved over and stood next to Henrik. Their intentions to stay and try to help him were clear.
Hans turned to Haley. “You’d best go too. You and these two boys as well. I’m going to stay here with Henrik and do everything I can to make him comfortable, and then I’ll head down the mountain once… once…” He couldn’t finish the sentence.
Haley shook her head and then she waved the anxious foursome on. “You guys go ahead. It doesn’t look like we’ve got a third avalanche coming, so I’m just going to poke around in the snow a little before I give up. Who knows? It might be my lucky day.”
“Me too,” the quietest of the Indian youth said. 
“Me too,” the one who had asked about the helicopter added.
“Suit yourself,” the Canadian said with a shrug, and then he started upward.
One of the instructors gave Haley and the two boys a stern look before he left. “Do not give this heroism of yours more than a day. You must choose to ascend or descend by tomorrow morning. Do not needlessly add yourself to the death toll.”
“They will all be leaving in the morning,” Henrik said. “Don’t worry. The death toll for your climb should be no larger than one.”

******
Teddie seldom stopped mid-journey, but this time she forced herself to do just that. She didn’t know what she was heading into, and knowing which of her two friends she was going to visit first might help her prepare. She looked around for either the lush greenery of Thailand or for the sparkling white of Bhutan. The glisten of snow met her. Very well. She prepared herself for Usha’s world.

******
Hans and the two boys were still digging around in the snow bank, but Haley had stopped and was sitting on her backpack thinking. She loved maps, and she’d loved this mountain ever since she’d first heard of it, and all the more so since it had become the most beautiful sight to greet her every morning in Darjeeling. She’d memorized the tales of each climb and those of every attempted one, and she knew of every inch of this mountain that she had been able to get information on. 
“There is a way to get down to Camp Two where the medicine is and back here in four to five hours,” she finally declared.
“No there isn’t,” Henrik said.
“Yes. It’s an easy half-hour hike down to the top of that huge cliff. It drops over sixteen hundred feet straight down onto that small icefall that leads right over the ridge that we camped on.
“Are you nuts? Winds off the side of that cliff could be up to a hundred miles an hour, and it’s coated in ice. Climbing up or down it safely would take days. It might not even be possible,” he said.
“And repelling down it would take maybe an hour. I know that we have a climbing harness. How much rope do we have with the supplies?”
“Rope that needs to hold a grown man?” Henrik asked.
“No, just a hundred-and-twenty-pound girl.”
Hans had started to overhear the conversation and moved out of the snow bank to participate. 
“No. The wind might be too strong. You could get smashed to death against the rock face before you got half-way down.
Haley nodded her understanding. “That’s true, except that today the winds are coming from behind the cliff. Right now, it’s possible to repel. It might not be in a few hours.” 
“Once you made it down, you’d have to cross through the edge of the icefall, and that’s way too dangerous,” Henrik said.
“The faster and lighter you are, the less dangerous it is,” Haley said simply. “It’s not that far to the ridge and I’ll be descending, which is quicker and makes it easier to see a safe route. The hardest part will be coming back up, but I can retrace my previous path and twenty-thousand feet ought to feel like sea level to me now. I should be able to get back to the base of the cliff in a little over two hours.”
“Yeah, and then it takes you three days to get back up it,” Henrik said morosely.
But Hans was way ahead of him. “No, it takes me and my two helpers here maybe an hour to pull her and your medicine back up the cliff face, which can be done if she doesn’t plant any anchors while she’s going down. No real climber would ever descend that way, of course, but Haley could because she’s not going to repel. She is going to let us lower her down while she uses her feet to protect herself, and then she’s going to let three strong men pull her right back up to the top. Aren’t you Haley?”
Haley was nodding, glad that Hans understood. But Henrik was still shaking his head. Haley noticed that he was fingering a photo of his own three-year-old daughter that he had pulled out of somewhere in his bag. “There is no way I can let anyone’s daughter take a risk like that.”
“Excuse me,” Haley said, a little offended, “but people’s daughters take ‘risks like that’ all the time. If you’re lucky, maybe your own daughter will save somebody’s ass someday.” 
She took a breath and tried to let her frustration go. “Look, you want all the people with the upper-body strength up on top doing the pulling,” she said. “You want the lightest person possible on the end of the rope. And lucky for you, somebody’s daughter here is willing to do that, just so your daughter doesn’t have to grow up without a dad.”
“You’re determined, aren’t you?” Hans said.
“It is that or let somebody’s dad just die. And there is no way,” she looked at Henrik for emphasis, “that I am letting anyone’s dad do that.”
Henrik was silent for a few seconds. “Thank you,” he finally said, out of arguments. And then handed her his daughter’s picture. “Tuck it in your pocket for me while you do this, okay? Maybe it will bring you luck.”
Haley wasn’t such a big believer in lucky charms, but she knew enough to humor a man sufficiently sick to be facing death if she failed.
“I’ll be back with the stuff before you need it,” she assured him.
 As she walked away, she smiled when she heard him add, “And I hope that she grows up to be just like you.”

The rope had far more knots and clamps in it than Haley would have preferred, but it was the safest adequate length that they could put together quickly. Not all that many people can throw themselves off of the equivalent of a hundred-and-sixty story building, knowing that their life now depends on a dozen knots, a lack of jagged outcrops in the way, and the wind staying relatively still. But Haley was one of the people who could do that. She leaned back into the climbing harness, placed her boots against the cliff wall and let her instincts take over.
By the time that her feet hit the ground almost an hour later, her legs were tired, having fought the whole time to keep her body a safe distance from the irregular rock wall. She had lost sight of her helpers half-way down, but she turned on her cell phone hoping for the last bit of remaining reception, willing to use precious battery to let them know she was okay. Ravi, the more talkative of the two, had turned his phone on also. “Safe,” she typed. “Good,” he replied. She paused a few minutes to rest and regain her strength.
Hans pulled out his binoculars and looked for the slender figure as it moved toward the treacherous icefall. He was concerned that her rapid descent might have left Haley ill or too exhausted to make her way safely over to the nearby ridge of land. 
He laughed when he saw her. Apparently he need not have worried. Haley was skipping her way over the ice, graceful and surefooted, looking like a ballerina dancing her way happily along the roof of the world.

******
Teddie sucked in her breath in sheer terror. She was hanging in space, somewhere off of a cliff. What had gone wrong? She turned to see Haley next to her, secured in some sort of device as she lowered herself to the ground. 
So her higher self had decided she ought to be here? Teddie lowered herself along side of Haley, moving down the cliff face until her friend was standing on solid ground. Teddie watched her type “Safe” into her cell phone and take a few minutes to rest. Had she just come all the way down this huge cliff? No way.
Haley didn’t rest for long before she turned and headed into a field of ice blocks behind her. These irregular chunks of blue and white were all different shapes and sizes, and often had big cracks in-between them. Haley was skipping over the cracks, headed towards a ridge of land only a few hundred yards away.
Teddie moved ahead to look around. In the direction Haley was going was a large fissure that stretched much further than the others, and it was at least five-feet wide. Teddie willed herself to rise a bit higher, to see in what direction the fissure disappeared most quickly. If Haley went right, the fissure grew even wider and was filled with snow. Could she walk on the snow? Or would she try to and just sink into it? To the left, the fissure began to heal, and before she went too far out of her way Haley would be able to jump it easily enough.
If I could just talk to her, show her what this thing looks like, Teddie thought. Then she realized, Wait, I can.

******
Hans hardly took his eyes off of Haley as she crossed the ice field. He was hoping that he would have a clearer view of the ice from above and be able to offer her some guidance using Ravi’s cell phone. But the field was just too far away, even with the high-powered binoculars, for him to be able to see anything useful. 
So he was doubly surprised when Haley stopped walking and took something out of her pocket to look at it. Her cell phone? She studied it for a minute, and then she started to backtrack and head off to the left. What the hell was this? Who else in this world could possibly be sending her directions?

******
Haley expected to hear from Ravi. When the message said, “Go left,” she didn’t think twice about it. When a grainy black-and-white photo followed the text, she was more puzzled, until she looked and saw that she had received both from Teddie. Haley smiled. So her friend was checking in on her again, using that weird shit she did. 
Well, weird or not, Haley could recognize a picture of a dangerous crevasse when she saw one, even on a bad photo. Yes, going left was definitely the best option. Had she gone far enough to the right, she might have slid right into the giant crack.

******
“What’s going on?” Lhatu asked when Teddie returned suddenly to her solid body. “Are you okay? Are they okay? Why are you sending back pictures of snow?”
”I have another emergency that apparently my allegedly higher self thinks I need to deal with first,” she remarked curtly, as she grabbed her phone. 
“Go left,” she texted as fast as she could type.
Lawan had already moved the fuzzy snow picture to her laptop. 
“Send it to me,” Teddie almost barked at the confused woman. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to order you around, but I need to forward it right away.”
She hit a few more buttons on her phone and turned to the room full of people who were now staring at her.
“Gotta go. Higher self thinks I’ve got at least two more emergencies out there, and it looks like I’m going to have to do some calling of my own.”
And with a deep breath and a visible tremor that ran through her body, she forcibly relaxed, and Teddie was gone.

******
Almost five hours after they left Henrik, Haley was back at the base of the cliff. She knew that this was taking longer than she’d figured, but they still would be in time to save Henrik. She pulled out her phone and typed “Ready”. The next thing she knew, she was off of her feet, ascending up the cliff face. Legs out. Brain on. She watched the ground recede below her.


31. Late May 2012: Calling

Jampa had not found himself in his lighter body in weeks. He felt guilty whenever he thought of his sister, whom he had intended to find and to help well before this. Instead, he had chosen to continue to help this very real girl Usha, while deciding that the mysterious Noom, who had troubles that he could only guess at, could wait. But what if she couldn’t?
Jampa was self-aware enough to realize that he was attracted to Usha, and that his infatuation, which might be turning into love, had been a factor in his decision-making process. It was hard to tell, however, if that had tipped the scales. Jampa suspected that he would always choose to help a flesh-and-blood person near him in need over a mirage he couldn’t quite understand. He thought that was probably good.
Usha had been lodged at a local home in Trongsa, much to her relief, and Jampa had been given shelter at the monastery. Months with Usha had pretty well convinced him that he would not adopt a lifetime of adhering to the full eight precepts of a Buddhist monk. He had no problem with most of them, but it appeared to him that he was meant to be a husband and a father. At least, he felt highly driven at this time to do what husbands were expected to do. In fact, he felt highly driven to do a lot of it, preferably with Usha, but if not, with any suitable partner who would have him. The strength of these ongoing carnal desires had surprised him a great deal.
He fell into a restless sleep on the floor, yearning for the privacy to relieve his urges, when he was surprised to find himself in his light body, moving down the steep, narrow streets of Trongsa. He assumed that he was seeking Usha, and in his own mind he laughed at himself. Light bodies, as far as he knew, were incapable of doing anything to alleviate the cravings that were compelling him.
But to his surprise he did not seek out Usha at all. He felt the difficult-to-describe, but unmistakable tug, of another. Not his sister. The only other he knew of was Usha’s American friend, and he agreed to go to her. The speed at which he began to move let him know that the journey would be long, and so he allowed his consciousness to relax back into his sleeping brain while he traveled.
The girl greeted him with a friendly wave, but seemed surprised. Had she perhaps expected his sister? She kept looking around, but when no other light body appeared she shrugged and motioned for him to follow.

******
Vanida fell into a restless sleep, still considering various plans for thwarting a first-class creep who was beginning to seriously piss her off. Maybe she could use his power against him? Maybe she could get Michelle’s picture all over the internet, posted from everywhere? Maybe she could even find a way to do the same with a photo of Michelle’s friend Usha? She was considering how one could pull off such a stunt when she was surprised to find herself feeling the gentle tug of another. It wasn’t her brother, so it must be the Western girl. No one else had ever interacted with her.
The call came from far away—she felt certain of that. Very well, she used to enjoy traveling far to play in the white powder that was everywhere up north. She hunkered down for the journey, and soon found herself moving down the steep, narrow streets of a mountain village. She entered what appeared to be a monastery, and found the Western girl waiting for her in a room full of sleeping monks. 
At first, the girl gave her a look that was confused and even a bit exasperated. Had she not been called? Then Vanida saw that the girl was floating over the sleeping body of Pêe chaai, the brother that Vanida had not seen in months. Perhaps the girl had expected her brother? 
The girl shrugged and motioned for Vanida to follow. Moving with the girl was difficult, but Vanida managed for the short trip as they moved slowly together down one narrow street and up another. 
Vanida found herself at a place of lodging, passing through the outer walls of the small hotel and into the room of three strange men in boots and hiking gear, dressed to go out. They had a disturbing number of bows and arrows lying about the room. They all seemed in good spirits, and talked and gestured in words Vanida could not hear and would not have understood if she could.
She wondered why the girl had brought her here until she watched as the girl saw a photograph lying on the table. As soon as the picture caught her attention, the Western girl’s translucent eyes went wide. It was a simple portrait of an Indian girl, well worn, and written clearly across the bottom of the picture in blue ink were Latin letters that said, Usha. 
Vanida’s special body held perfectly still, while her mind sorted through the information. Usha was the name of Michelle’s friend. There were plenty of Ushas in this world of course, but Vanida had found coincidences to be rare in her life, and to be even rarer in the trips that her special body made. This western girl appeared to know this Usha. So could this girl be the “other friend” from Texas, the one that Michelle had called normal?
Well, you just never know who is normal and who isn’t, Vanida laughed to herself. The girl caught the mirth in her eyes and nodded at her vehemently. She pointed to Usha’s picture and put her hands over her heart. My friend. Vanida wished that she had a photo of Michelle to offer back, but it really wasn’t necessary. They both now knew who each other was.
Vanida looked around for more things that might be useful. She recognized the Russian alphabet on many items in the room. It was not difficult to guess what was going on. 
The Western girl—Michelle called her Teda or something like that—she motioned again for Vanida to follow. Moving with the girl was marginally easier the second time. Teda pointed to a small house. Vanida followed her inside.
Sleeping on the floor was the girl Usha, looking peaceful and like she could not have been safer. More heart gestures. Vanida nodded—she got the idea.
What kind of man goes to these lengths to hunt down such a defenseless girl, Vanida wondered? This had to be a man who was actually enjoying the chase. Usha had assumed, rather reasonably, that if she successfully disappeared for a while she could get this man to lose interest in her and go away. Vanida thought that she would probably have made the same assumption.
However, it seemed that what this innocent girl had accomplished instead with her eight months of hiding was to get the man to fixate on her. In fact, it appeared that she had managed to elevate her capture into a full hunting expedition. The apparent good mood of the men in the other room made it abundantly clear that they thought that the hunt was almost over. And, Vanida realized with a chill, it probably was. 
Vanida wanted to return to her solid body in Thailand, to the body in which she could do something to warn Usha. But of course her solid body was hundreds of miles away. 
Teda, or whatever her name was, had been staring intently at things for the last few minutes and now she waved a farewell. Vanida could not imagine what this Teda could possibly do to help Usha either. The only one close enough to be of any use at all was her sleeping brother Pêe chaai, who had no way of knowing what was going on.
If only she could tell Pêe chaai. Talk to him, write him a note. And then she had another idea.

******
Jampa followed the girl into a very nice hotel and had to laugh when she chose to drift up the stairway all the way to the eighth floor. He would merely have risen in the air where he was, but perhaps she did not like heights. She led him to a room with three men. One, a small man from India, sat hunched over his laptop. Next to him was a piece of paper on which he had clearly written a series of five numbers. Phone? Address? He was copying the numbers down and handing the papers to the two other men. They were large Europeans, and they nodded as though they were being given instructions.
The man from India motioned to them to come look at the screen. It showed a small motor scooter, its license plate clearly visible. Oh, so the number was a license plate. The scooter had been parked in front of a small shop and the name of the store was clearly visible too.
They nodded and smiled. Find the motor scooter.
The Western girl—Jampa thought that Usha had said her name was Tehdu or something like that—Tehdu motioned for him to come quickly. He’d never followed anyone but his sister, and that had been effortless. Following this other traveler was far more difficult than Jampa expected. Using all of his concentration he managed to more or less trail along behind her until she stopped in front of the little store, and pointed to the motor scooter. Then she moved slowly into the adjacent alley and gestured to the two sleeping female bodies.
One he did not know, but he could guess that it was the other Texan friend he had heard of. Tehdu made a hands-over-her-heart gesture and pointed to the girl, as though to confirm that this was indeed her friend.
The girl sleeping next to the friend needed no introduction. Jampa recognized the sleeping body of his own sister. Now it was clearer. While he had accompanied Usha, his sister Noom had been involved in this quartet as well.
Such a connection might have struck another as odd, but not Jampa, whose very philosophy of life embraced cosmic connections. What puzzled him instead was what these two girls were doing sleeping in an alley in a town filled with those who could so easily have provided them with lodging. Why were two rather unpleasant-looking men coming for their motor scooter?
He had the suspicion that this might be tied to Usha’s troubles and thought that, at the very least, the girls needed to be woken and warned. He looked up to see Tehdu play-acting all sorts of symbols of danger. She pantomimed choking, stabbing and throat-slitting like a mime on a killing spree.
Jampa nodded, in part just to get her to stop. Danger. He got it. He would warn them. But how? 

******
Teddie was back in the living room in Darjeeling, and everyone could see the panic in her eyes.
“I hope I set a new record for sending photos,” she said before her eyes were even open.
“You did,” Lhatu assured her. “But you need to explain them. And you need to calm down and take a few deep breaths.”
“I don’t have time for deep-breathing,” she said curtly. “Listen. I’ve got a group of Russians here in the middle of Bhutan about two-hundred yards away from where Usha is sleeping.”
She pointed to one of the first pictures that she had sent back.
“Worse yet, one of those men is Pavel,” Olumiji said bleakly. “I recognized him just as soon as this picture arrived. I can’t believe that he found a way to get there. And why in the world does he have archery equipment with him?”
“Judging from their other gear it looks like they’re part of some sort of trekking expedition,” Lhatu surmised.
Amy interrupted. “You need to find out which one. We need to know where this hotel is. You’re finally off the hook for sending messages, Olumiji, because this is going to happen way too fast for Pavel’s detective to have any effect on the outcome. Lhatu, you’ve got to call Bhutan now and get these guys arrested.”
“It’s the middle of the night over there,” Lhatu pointed out reasonably.
“I don’t care. By morning they will be gone and Usha will be gone with them. I promise you that they have a plan for getting out fast and they are going to be remarkably hard to find once they leave with the girl. There has got to be a police station in Thimphu at least that is open all night. Please. Start there. Maybe someone can figure out the home Usha is at and warn them. Lhatu, they could kill everyone in that home.”
Lhatu nodded and headed to the next room with his phone.
“Amy, there’s more that’s urgent,” Teddie said. “Keep flipping.”
Teddie had sent back about a dozen photos of the three men in the hotel room in Bhutan and another dozen or so of where Usha was sleeping. Then the scene changed. It was another hotel room, but considerably larger and more modern. A man from India was hunched over a computer. The screen showed a motor scooter.
“We checked the license plate. It’s the scooter that the nun told the girls to steal.”
“Where is the nun?” Teddie asked.
“Safe. She’s at the hotel with the two telepaths that are in town looking for Michelle.”
“Okay good, because I didn’t see her anywhere. But I did see this man give the information about where the scooter is parked to these two guys.”
“I think I recognize that small Indian man, too,” Olumiji said. “He’s Pavel’s right-hand man. The other two look like more of the muscle that Pavel keeps around.”
“That would make sense,” Teddie said. “These next pictures show Michelle and Vanida, sleeping about twenty yards away from their vehicle. They are about to get found as well.”
Lawan spoke up. “I know Thailand. I agree that we are past staying under the radar. I’m on the phone now trying to get these girls some help.”
“And I’ll get word out to the two telepaths at the beach, as soon as I can get one of them to wake up enough to hear my telepathic request,” Olumiji said.
“Why don’t you call their hotel room and wake them up?” Amy suggested dryly.
“Good point. Calling now.”
Awut turned to Teddie. “You did great, and now these very capable people will move just as fast as they can to save all of your friends. Will you take those deep breaths now?” he asked gently.
Teddie looked at him, and her eyes started to fill with tears. “No, I did not do great. I did okay. Great would have been getting them some local help right away.”
“There was no way for you to do that, Teddie,” Awut comforted her. “A traveler has no way to ask for help.” 
“I did have a way. And I tried Awut, I tried. But somehow when I called for them to come so that they could do something, I ended up with the boy in Thailand and with Vanida in Bhutan. They got switched, and for all the world I cannot understand how that happened. And neither one is physically close enough to help once they get back to their solid bodies. So I had a chance and I couldn’t make it happen.” The pools of water in her eyes were threatening to overflow. 
It was Lhatu who came back into the room and touched Teddie softly on the shoulder.
“You did not fail. The universe engaged in just the sort of confusion that I was talking about with these entangled twins. You did what you could, and by trying to bring in another traveler at both locations, you did considerably more than anyone I know could have managed. What a great idea that was. Don’t fault yourself for what you can’t control. Wait and see how your efforts work out.”
“Did you get a hold of anyone in Bhutan?” Teddie asked
“No, but I left a lot of good messages. I may get a call back before morning.”
“I don’t think that anybody is going to make it in time to warn either of them,” Teddie said sadly with her head in her hands. 

******
 Jampa wanted to return to his solid body in Bhutan, so that he could try to find a way to call someone to help his sister and her friend in Thailand. He couldn’t imagine how, but surely someone at the monastery could help him figure out a way to get assistance to someone far away that was in danger.
He tried to snap back into his body, but instead he found himself moving out of the abode of light and even farther away from the solid world, called by something very familiar.
The first thing that he noticed about this new world as he heeded the call was that it was green. In fact, it was all various shades of green. Jampa felt the energy of the earth and growth and life all around him. Although the world of his light body was soundless, here he could have sworn that he heard a distant heartbeat, slow and deliberate. Maybe, he thought, he was only feeling its rhythm in his bones. 
Noom stood facing him. He knew that this time it was she who had called him. He half-expected her to berate him, to demand to know why he had gone elsewhere instead of continuing on in his quest to find her and give her aid. But of course she had no way of knowing that he had ever intended to help her, and she had no way to berate him if she had. 
He looked at her more closely. She had changed. She had nothing of the child left in her face, but she was also no longer the harsh angry young woman who had caused him such concern. She looked determined, but also afraid. Her look clearly said that she needed his help.
Jampa wanted with all his heart to help her, but he could not even imagine how he could do so. Noom reached out and touched his hand. In a world where he had never felt the sensation of touch before, he felt her fingers as firmly as he had ever felt anything, and he understood that in some sense, on some level, it was because he and Noom were one and the same. 
And with that knowledge, he entered his solid body. He sat up slowly, surprised to notice that he had been sleeping in the dirt. He wiggled his toes awake and looked down to see bright pink nail polish, applied to toenails attached to delicate feet attached to a shapely pair of female legs. He had on a miniskirt, a halter-top and a lot of cheap jewelry. A dozen years of training in mediation was not sufficient to calm him back down for the first few seconds. 
After that, he shook his companion awake. He was surprised at the light sweet voice that came out when he spoke. 
“We’ve got to run. Now!”
He grabbed the girl’s hand and pulled her along as he—no, as she—ran down the alley and onto side street looking for another place to hide. As Jampa tried to adjust to a gait made different by a strange new set of hips, he could hear footsteps gaining behind him, and ahead he saw a motor scooter speeding down the little street toward them.
“Sister!” The girl yelled in surprise to the woman in a sparkly cocktail dress as she brought her scooter to an abrupt stop. 
“Get on fast and hang on tight,” the sister said. “I knew I could get here faster than they could.” And as she sped into the night, with both girls squished onto the passenger seat and hanging on for their lives, Jampa blacked out in confusion and fear.

******
Vanida was trusting her instincts, believing somehow that her own fate was intertwined with that of her brother’s. Perhaps Pêe chaai’s consciousness was now present in her own solid body, but she wasn’t sure. If not, she hoped that his heavy mind would simply continue to slumber, his thoughts and memories submerged, while Vanida’s special body directed his actions in the physical world.
She forced his large body to stand, taking a moment to get used to its size and different weight distribution. She considered checking out the other main difference, but gave herself a mental slap. No time for such nonsense. She needed to find the house where this Usha was staying and lead the young woman out of danger.
Vanida made her way down the dark street, taking pleasure in being able to travel in the dark inside a large male body that drew not even a glance. What a different life it must be, to feel so safe all of the time. Vanida wondered if her brother might be willing to make such an exchange of bodies more often. 
She got to the home and stopped short. Now what? She was in a physical body and could hardly walk through walls. She could pound on the front door, but this large male body might provoke fear, a problem she did not generally have in her own body. Ah, so there were two sides to this issue.
She opted to climb in a window. The longer legs were helpful; the bigger size was not. Usha gasped when she saw the body of her male friend.
“We’ve got to run,” Pêe chaai’s deep voice said to Usha in a hoarse whisper. “Your crazy obsessed man has found you and he’s on his way.” Pêe chaai’s hand took Usha’s, and Usha followed along as Vanida led her back out the window and into the trees behind the house. Now what? They’d be found before long.

******
Teddie thought about Lhatu’s words and decided against all advice to try to go back to Usha’s side. No matter how exhausted she was, at least she could track where Usha was being taken and improve the chances of eventually rescuing her friend. Before she tried to reenter her trance state, Amy came in and gave her a hug. 
“I don’t know how you did it, but I’ve just gotten word from an agency in Thailand that they’ve got a Sister of the Good Shepard and two human-trafficking victims at a shelter in Phang Nga, and the three are demanding immediate protection from men they say are chasing them. Well, to be more precise, the nun is demanding the protection. One of the girls is fascinated by the library and the other hasn’t stopped crying, hugging everyone and saying thank you. They’ve got police on the way, they’ve contacted the U.S. State Department, and it looks like the story is about to break on CNN. I think we’ve got Michelle, and Vanida too.”
Teddie gave her a grin but Amy kept talking. 
“Olumiji has managed to wake a telepath near Trongsa. He’s trying to get more people, to organize a crew to find and protect Usha. It would help if he knew more about where she was. 
“I’m on my way,” Teddie said. “Watch for photos.”

******
Vanida slammed back into her body with a ferocity she had never experienced. She found herself fighting to keep from sliding off the back end of a motor scooter that was speeding down a dark highway. Her arms were wrapped tightly around Michelle, who was hanging onto a woman in a sparkly evening dress, who was driving like a madwoman. 
I think I might have missed something important, she thought as she hung on tighter. Hopefully this woman would stop soon and somebody would explain what the hell was going on.

******
Jampa came to consciousness hugging a tree, holding on to it for his life. Then he remembered. He had been on a motor scooter, and he wasn’t on one anymore. He let go of the tree, feeling a little silly.
He looked around. He was standing the middle of the woods, with a clearly frightened Usha at his side. What was this about? Last he’d known, they’d both been sleeping safely. Clearly he had missed a rather important piece of the action.
“Come out little girl,” a voice said in English. Was that a Russian accent? Jampa peaked through the branches to see a grown man wearing night vision goggles and armed with some sort of bow and arrow. Jampa motioned to Usha to hold still, but he need not have bothered. Usha was motionless, holding her breath.
“I’ve got heat sensors,” the man said sweetly. “It won’t take me long to find you, my little quarry, and my nice darts will make you go back to sleep.”
 Wasn’t this the trekker they had both seen a couple of days ago standing in front of the hospital? Jampa was putting two and two together quickly, and he had to believe that the very silent Usha had done the same. They were out of options. 

******
Teddie almost snapped back to Usha’s side, her sense of urgency propelling her faster than she had ever traveled before. What was the real speed limit, she wondered? The speed of light? Probably. 
She looked around the dark green forest behind the house where Usha had been staying. The girl had at least gotten as far as the woods before her hunters arrived, and by some miracle the boy was with her. Teddie thought that the man in the goggles with the bow looked ridiculous, but that was from the perspective of being without a real body here that could be shot. Two more men with bows kept their distance behind him, being careful to let the big game hunter be the one to take down his prey.
Teddie felt certain that she was catching more activity out of the corners of her eyes, but every time she looked closer she couldn’t see a thing. Finally it occurred to her. The woods were filling up with other travelers. How many were there around here? Well, this country was the home of c3. She started to count the beings of energy. Some seemed like smoke, some like flickers of lightning bugs, others were translucent, almost opaque creatures.
Perhaps because these travelers were more advanced they were able to modify their appearance to suit their whims? A twinkling creature that resembled a White Dragon took its place in the front, and Teddie stared at the shimmering beast, thinking there was something vaguely familiar about it. Of course. It was the creature found on the flag of Bhutan, the land of the thunder dragon.
This particular thunder dragon looked right at Teddie, morphed for just a second into the face of Yuden—Lhatu’s grandmother and the venerated imperial sovereign of c3. The dragon gave Teddie a playful wink. Then she returned to motioning her royal court.
A large group of travelers congregated off to the left. Teddie watched, fascinated, while one of Pavel’s men started talking and pointed to the group. Did travelers give off heat? Lhatu had told her that travelers were beings composed of energy. Energy could be heat. It looked like maybe a whole group of them gave off enough to be detected. 
The other man interrupted. He had infrared goggles and was pointing in the direction of a dozen or so travelers off to his right. Teddie noticed that another group had clumped near, but not right in front of, Usha and Jampa, and it looked like that’s where Pavel thought that they were.
Then all of the travelers gathered together far off to one side, and all three men appeared to pick up that reading. At least they seemed to be congratulating themselves as they took several steps in the wrong direction into the trees, while Usha and Jampa used every skill they’d ever learned meditating to not move a single muscle. 
When no one was found right away, Pavel spent a few minutes checking his equipment. Teddie watched, amused, as all of the other travelers now clumped together again in a new position even further into the woods, and the men moved off again several feet in the wrong direction. This time they were far enough away that Usha and Jampa were able to move a few steps back into the woods themselves under cover of the men’s own noise. And so it went for a few more times, the men moving a few feet farther in the wrong direction while the two being hunted moved farther away to safety. Finally, Pavel put a halt to it all by throwing his goggles on the ground in frustration.
And that’s when the Trongsa commission, newly formed to protect the innocent and disarm deceitful visitors intending to do harm, arrived on the scene. Sixteen men, seven women and two children armed with axes, pitchforks and kitchen knives made their way into the clearing, and Pavel just laughed as he came out of the woods with his bow raised. Then he saw the cameramen who had arrived behind them, broadcasting live by satellite, and he lowered his weapon quickly, with a gesture of apology for the apparent misunderstanding. 
Teddie could do no more, so she headed back to her own solid body to rest. She was tremendously relieved, in fact she was even ecstatic, but she was also so exhausted that all she wanted to do was to sleep. She curled up on the living room couch that had become her bed, and her friends in Darjeeling decided to let her lie there for as long as she needed. Once, before she was ready to wake back up, she received one more call and she chose to answer. After that, nothing disturbed her slumber.

******
Once the hydrocortisone began to take effect, Henrik considered that the Addisonian crisis was indicative of the fact that he had pushed his body too far already. After thanking his four companions several times, he made the difficult decision to descend alone the next morning. 
Haley and the three climbers with her made every effort to assess their physical and mental conditions honestly, and decided that all were fit to keep going. They knew the path. The weather was good. They had enough supplies. The top of the mountain was waiting.
Later, Haley would have very little memory of the actual ascent to the summit. Her thoughts became fuzzier as she climbed higher, and each member of the group began to occasionally use their four carefully rationed bottles of oxygen to increase their energy. By the final ascent, putting one foot in front of the other was a huge effort, and remembering why one wanted to do so was even more difficult.
In a slow, dream-like drama the quartet made their way upward, breath by deliberate breath. The sky glowed blue and the snow was blinding. They climbed, each knowing that sooner or later every one of their bodies would say, “Enough,” and they wanted desperately to have made it to the top when that happened.
The last hundred feet or so was mostly a stagger. The group stopped feet short of the top, in respect for the beliefs of the Sikkimese, who still hold the summit itself to be sacred. Most climbers, including the very first, have done this, and days earlier Hans had no trouble convincing this group to do the same.
Local legend has it that the summit of Kanchenjunga can be seen up close but never clearly remembered afterwards, and that photographs taken of it will tend to vanish along with the clear memories. Haley pulled out her camera for a quick group shot and was sad to see that her battery was dead. 
Hans and Rajat shook their heads. Neither had a camera. Henrik had carried the camera for the Norwegians, and Rajat had been counting on his friends who had not made it to the top. Ravi pulled out his phone with a grin, set his timer app as he placed it on the ground, and the group smiled and waved. Haley hoped with all her heart that the picture would take. Then they began the slow descent back to oxygen and life and the rest of the world.


 32. June 2012: Answering

Pavel might have found a way out of his predicament, if it hadn’t been for that damn Chinese girl sleuth. He and his men had committed no crime, after all, by hunting in the woods at night merely to amuse themselves. One phone call the next morning to his best lawyers should have taken care of everything. 
Well, everything but the damn Indian virgin who insisted to the Bhutanese that Pavel had been hunting her down for months. She had no proof—in fact, she could offer no trace of evidence at all. The monk kid with her insisted that he knew it was true as well, but when pressed, the kid resorted to some mumbo jumbo that seemed to impress the locals but clearly would not hold up in any imaginable court. 
It was an unfortunate given that Pavel had to now walk away from this virgin for good, and it irked him that he probably was going to have to lay low in general. Otherwise, he should have been just fine. Then, the one extra link that Samir had insisted was secure had broken. While the Bhutanese were holding him to examine the situation, copies of emails, recordings of phone calls and even recorded live conversations with his Chinese hacker appeared on the desks of both the Bhutanese and the authorities in India. Pavel and several of his key men were on tape as not only pursuing two under-aged girls across half a continent, which would have caused enough problems, but they were also documented discussing assorted other business matters linking them to prostitution and human trafficking in multiple countries.
Armed with this evidence, the nation of India demanded extradition. Authorities there were clearly more than happy to finally have an excuse to put away a most unwelcome immigrant who had caused no end of grief. Efforts kicked in to apprehend many of Pavel’s more unsavory employees, who in aggregate had caused a good deal of harm all along the Himalayan foothills. 
Bhutan was more than willing to send the men on to justice elsewhere. It wasn’t until just after his extradition to India that Pavel learned that the Indian government sought his cyber sleuth Mei as well.
“I thought that she could be trusted,” he barked at his team of lawyers. “I’m glad that they are going after her anyway, even though she cooperated in every way that she possibly could.”
“She didn’t,” his chief counsel responded. “We heard from her. She was true to her word. She had no scruples whatsoever about you, and she had nothing to do with the evidence that was sent.”
Pavel gave the man a disbelieving look. “How is that possible?”
“Apparently her translator did not share her flexible moral code,” the lawyer said. “Mei’s own background check wasn’t quite as good as she thought it was, and after you were arrested she discovered that her one employee had a private vendetta of her own. Mei told us that she learned that the woman’s older sister was sold into slavery as a child over two decades ago. It appears that this translator has plotted for years to get herself in a position to take some sort of revenge.”
“Why against me?” Pavel asked. “I had nothing to do with this sister.”
“You could have,” his lawyer shrugged. “Apparently this translator objects rather vehemently to at least one of your lines of business. She not only provided an impressive amount of evidence against you, she single-handedly brought down Nandi, the procurer who sold you Usha to begin with. You weren’t even Mei’s only client that she took an interest in. She has also now produced data to verify claims against several other, um, businessmen engaged in activities that a variety of governments had already found questionable.” 
“You mean that she went after those of us who dealt in girls?” Pavel clarified.
His chief counsel nodded. Pavel understood the need for revenge, but damn. He shook his head, thinking that he couldn’t even remember what the tiny, indistinguishable Chinese woman translator had looked like and he didn’t think that he had ever bothered to ask for her name.

******
The last thing Teddie wanted to do was to go back to school. She’d missed over two weeks now and was so behind in classes that she couldn’t imagine she would ever catch up. But it was time to vacate the lovely home that Mr. and Mrs. Dutta had lent them, and Teddie’s real home was, for the time being, over at the Lord Peartree Academy.
The school had taken an extremely flexible approach to her situation, and so they welcomed her back and made arrangements for her to have a few private tutoring sessions with her instructors, and they allowed her to take her final exams a week late. 
She had happy video-calls with her parents, rearranged her ticket home and settled into some serious studying while she waited for the rest of her roommates to return. Well, mostly she settled into serious studying. She did do a little online chatting with Tariq, who wanted to know how the whole adventure had ended. Hearing of Usha and Michelle’s safety seemed to bring the boy so much joy that Teddie couldn’t resist retelling the story to him.

******
Haley caught her breath as she saw her dad’s figure waiting for her outside of the base camp. She broke into a trot, the rich air of seventeen-thousand feet filling her lungs as she ran. A surprise snowstorm had delayed them for days on the descent, and their remaining cellphone had exhausted both of its batteries, so the foursome had been unable to let the camp know that they were on their way.
As soon as her dad realized who was making her way down the slope, he let out a whoop and began to make his way up towards her as well. Her descent was faster, and they met about a quarter of the way out of the camp, exchanging an embrace that spoke a thousand words.
“Henrik told me what you did,” her father said as they made their way back to camp together.
“He made it back? “
“Just yesterday. He rested at Camp Two for days. They’ve transported him on down for medical attention. He’s probably fine but is getting a thorough look. Haley?” Her dad didn’t know whether to scold or praise his daughter.
“I know, Dad. Somebody wise once told me to just try to do the best I can under whatever circumstances I find myself in. That’s all I was doing.”
“I figured you’d see it like that,” he said. “And by the way, I think that was Abe Lincoln who said that, not me. So, can I ask you what the very top of Kanchenjunga is like?”
“You can,” she grinned. “And it is beautiful. Unbelievable, actually. I know that a lot of it was the altitude, but even the memory of standing there is vague. It sort of feels like it was just a dream. But a gorgeous one.” Then she got more serious. “Did the others make it? To the top? Back down yet?”
“Well, yes and no. Five of the climbers quit early, as you know, and the two Japanese men trying to ascend without oxygen did make it to the summit, but then they got stalled out in the same storm you did, and both started to get pretty ill. They got here about three days ago and they’ve both been hospitalized.” 
“That’s really too bad,” Haley said.
“The four climbers who left you behind got in the next day. They ran into nothing but problems after they left you and they never made it to the top. I can’t believe that my friend went on without you,” her dad said, his indignation showing.
“It made sense, Dad,” Haley said. “At the time that they separated from us, we had no plan at all for helping Henrik. Hans was basically going to stay with Henrik while he died, and, well, I guess Ravi and Rajat and I were just trying to give Hans a little companionship at the start of his grim vigil before we headed on too.”
“It was really that dire?” her dad asked.
“Yeah, it seriously was. Nobody faulted any of them—it wasn’t going to take eight people to hold Henrik’s hand,” Haley said.
Her dad let out a long sigh at plans gone awry. Having Haley back safe was what mattered. “Haley, this thing you did is part of you now, and it always will be. You need to take a little time to rest, and then, well, I hope that you will be ready to head down. I’m eager to go home.”
“I’m ready too, Dad, but only if we go by way of Darjeeling,” she said. “There are a few important loose ends in my life that I still need to check on.” 

******
Usha was back in Darjeeling two days after Pavel and his men were apprehended, and at her request Jampa was allowed to come with her. There were tears as she hugged Amy and thanked her for all of her efforts, and more tears as she hugged Teddie. But the next day, when Usha’s mother Ashmita and her sister Bhadra arrived by car, the real water works occurred.
It was established between hugs that the mother and the other four children were perfectly safe and would be forever grateful for the asylum that they had received. Where? They could not say. But they had worried horribly about Usha, and could not believe that she had managed this whole time to elude the awful man that Uncle Jeet had sold her to. 
What had happened to Uncle Jeet and Aunt Riddhi after Usha’s disappearance? Ashmita replied coldly that she neither knew nor cared.
Ashmita did know that she planned to use the agency’s help to return to Mumbai, where her own family would help her establish a new life supporting herself and her children—most of her children. The academy could not give Usha any credit for her junior year, given that she had missed almost all of it, but they were willing to offer her a second scholarship beginning in September. She’d be a year behind others her age, but she could finish high school there if she wished.
“Usha, you should really should do this,” her mother said. Then the woman noticed Jampa and saw the way he and her daughter were looking at each other. “Then again, maybe you should come with me.”
“Mother. This is Jampa, and he helped to save my life. He is my friend and a very respectful one,” Usha said.
Ashmita turned to Jampa. “You are Buddhist? You are from a monastery?”
“I once was from one,” he said. “I was sold to them when I was a small child.”
“Oh.” Ashmita’s face softened. “I’m sorry. No child should be sold.”
“I never knew my own mother,” Jampa said with a shrug, “so I don’t know what happened, but I like to think that she loved me like you love Usha. In the end, I was lucky. The monks were mostly good to me and they taught me much.”
“So you are going back?” Ashmita asked, with just a hint of relief in her voice.
“I don’t think so. The monastery is no longer my home. I’m hoping to work with a friend of Amy’s. His name is Lhatu, and he and I have much in common.”
“You’ll work in Bhutan?” she persisted.
Jampa nodded. “Yes, I will be in Thimphu. I will work with a sort of, well, kind of aid organization of Lhatu’s, and I also hope to eventually get into the tourist industry in Bhutan. It’s just starting to grow. It needs Bhutanese who enjoy working with outsiders, and I am one of them that do. I seem to make a good guide,” he smiled at Usha, “and because of both pursuits, I’ll get a chance to visit India often.” His smile widened.
“I see,” Ashmita said. And, wisely, she said no more.

******
Teddie enjoyed the happy, healthy girl named Usha, and Jampa turned out to be a delight in real life. It was nice to finally know his name, and to know someone besides Lhatu and his grandmother that understood the weird phenomenon of traveling. She wondered if he had talked to Usha about it. Yet. She couldn’t help noting that the two of them were really cute together. Maybe something was going to come of that? Teddie rather hoped so. 
The next day an ecstatic Haley came back to the academy for a few days to make arrangements for the various incompletes she would need to handle. She had already called, of course, and told Teddie about her successful climb, but hearing the story from Haley live and in person was far more thrilling. The three girls sat huddled together in their old room as Haley talked.
“You really went over the edge of a sixteen-hundred-foot cliff?” an incredulous Usha asked for the second time.
“Yes, yes I really did,” Haley said.
“I want to hear more about the very top of the mountain,” Teddie said. “Do you have a picture?”
Haley shook her head a little sadly. “It turns out that two of the other people at the summit, Hans and Rajat, didn’t even have cameras when they got there. My battery died, and my friend Ravi thought that he took a photo, but he didn’t check it and it never took. Legend says that the summit can’t be photographed. Who knows, maybe it can’t.” 
Teddie smiled to herself. She had a surprise for Haley, but it could wait until later.
The three girls fell easily back into conversation, with Haley describing her unexpected friendship with the two young climbers from India and Usha giving highlights of what she’d learned in a Buddhist convent. Only Teddie felt she had so many secrets to keep about telepaths and travelers that she now had to watch what she said. Haley noticed her growing quiet.
“Hey, did I ever tell you about the sea hare?” Haley asked.
“Oh no. Not more animal sex, please.”
“You’ll love this one. It’s a kind of underwater slug,” Haley said.
“Ick.” Teddie was not interested.
“No listen, it turns out that slugs have both male and female parts. So sometimes, well, a whole group of them get in a line and mate, you know, with the guy parts doing the guy thing and…”
“Yes, we get the idea,” Usha said.
“So the sea hare, it does this on the ocean floor. Only it moves along making a kind of parade of it. A giant sex conga line.”
Teddie giggled in spite of herself. “Okay. I think that’s your best one yet, Haley.”

******
Vanida had options, and the very idea of getting to choose what sort of future she wanted was the greatest delight she had felt so far in her young life. Michelle wanted her to request asylum in the United States, and Michelle’s friend Amy was eager to help Vanida find a new life in India if she wanted to. Vanida learned that her brother’s real name was Jampa. He was ecstatic to have found his only family member in the flesh, and he was hoping she would seek refuge in Bhutan. All of those options had an appeal, but Vanida realized that in her heart she was Thai, and she was not eager to be anything different. 
Luckily, there were those in Thailand willing to claim her and assist her also. The renegade c3 group wanted to give her a job while they studied her innate abilities. Lawan offered to help her find housing in Bangkok and get her started on a new life. 
Better yet, the Sisters of the Good Shepherd were willing to work to get her certificates of study that would enable her to enroll in college classes. They would even help fund her studies. Vanida made one visit to the campus library. She could study here? Study world literature? Read all these books? Vanida eyed shelf after shelf, and her grin grew wider. Maybe, maybe someday she’d write a book of her own and it would sit in a library just like this. She felt a happy rush go through her body at the very thought of it.
What was equally appealing was that she had been invited to work with Sister Teresa Marie in her programs to help the prostitutes of Bangkok. The intrepid nun was delighted at the thought of having Vanida join her in the effort, and Vanida’s notoriety of being rescued with the American girl would both draw attention to Sister Teresa Marie’s cause and protect Vanida from pimps in the future. Vanida saw how she had a unique vantage point from which she could reach out to the numerous nameless girls and women who had nothing else working in their favor. 
Her decision was made, and in the end, the choice wasn’t difficult at all. However, Vanida enjoyed every minute of getting to decide her own fate.

******
The relief agency in Thailand had insisted on observing Michelle for a couple of days to make sure that she was physically and mentally ready to make the long flight back to her own world. Michelle asked to travel home by way of Darjeeling. She explained to her mother on the phone that she needed to revisit the school and even the mall where she was kidnapped. It would help her find some closure. Her mother consented and agreed to meet her there. 
Mrs. Tran, a small woman with a bewildered look on her face, arrived in town first. Teddie, watching from inside the school, ran out to meet her. The woman was exhausted after the long trip but anxious to settle various matters with the school officials and to collect Michelle’s things before she went to a hotel to await her daughter’s arrival.
“Do you think that Michelle could stay here in the dorm with us just for a night?” Teddie asked.
“I assumed that she’d stay at the hotel with me,” Mrs. Tran said. She looked a little bit hurt. “Don’t you think that she’d prefer that?”
“I don’t know,” Teddie said honestly. “But there is a good chance that one night here might help her to say goodbye to this place and all that happened. Then it might be easier for her to move on.”
Mrs. Tran nodded thoughtfully and gave Teddie a small smile. “You always were good at these kinds of things, even when you were a little girl. I’ll ask Michelle what she wants.”
The Michelle that arrived hours later seemed to only want to go to bed and have everyone leave her alone. “I don’t need your sympathy,” she grunted at her three friends before any of them could start. Then to her mother, as she shrugged off a hug, she said, “I’m fine. Just fine.” Teddie couldn’t help exchanging a look with Mrs. Tran that said, “Give her time.”
Michelle finally opted for a quick dinner out with her mother and then a night at the dorm. As the four roommates got ready for bed she said, “I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Of course you don’t,” Haley said. “No one in their right mind would want to.”
The room was quiet for a few seconds.
“Hey, now that you made it to the top of the mountain, are you committed to showing off your underwear in public for the rest of your life?” Michelle finally asked, filling the silence.
“I might just have dodged that bullet,” Haley answered. “Turns out my discomfort at the climbing community’s reaction to my original ad got a little press in the U.S. and a company that makes outdoor gear especially for women now wants to use me in their ads.”
“Haley, that’s perfect,” Teddie said.
“Yes and no,” Haley shrugged. “I mean, the ads are going to center around things like ‘these hiking boots are great for girls’ and ‘I’m so glad I get to model them for you instead of my underpants.’ You know, a little humor sells a lot.”
Michelle giggled in spite of herself before she lapsed back into silence. 
“I think that your friend’s brother is my new boyfriend,” Usha offered hesitantly.
“You mean Vanida? Yeah, I guess that she’s my friend. I don’t know.”
“Did you guys part poorly?” Teddie asked.
Michelle shrugged. “Not really. I mean, she’s all happy about how great life is, and she’s got this wonderful future ahead of her that she never expected, and you know…” Tears were starting to form in Michelle’s eyes.
“And you don’t have that exact same wonderful future ahead of you?” Usha asked softly.
“No, not really. I go home to being the poster child for human trafficking. How many news outlets carried my picture? My story? Like every guy I ever go out with now is going to wonder how many men I was forced to have sex with and whether I ever liked it or not.”
The little pools in her eyes overflowed and the tears began to turn into sobs. 
“I don’t have a future anymore.” She said it very softly between sobs, but every one of them heard her.
Her friends let her cry. Sometimes self-pity is warranted; sometimes no argument to the contrary is the best a friend can offer, at least for a while.
“You’re a hero for surviving, Michelle,” Haley finally said firmly. 
“Yeah, well, I don’t want to be a hero. I want my life back.” She gave her nose a hard unladylike blow as she said it.
Haley wouldn’t give up. “I’ve discovered that there are guys who actually think it’s cool to be with a girl who has managed to do something amazing.”
Teddie chimed in. “What you did, Michelle, living through the kidnapping ordeal, faking them out in the brothel so they didn’t drug you or hurt you, and then surviving off the land and off the streets while you were hunted down—jeez, this is like secret agent super woman stuff. You were cool beyond belief. Any asshole who dwells on what you had to do to pull this off is nothing but a perv, and who needs pervs anyway?”
Michelle laughed a little in-between sobs. “I guess I came up with some good ideas for getting by. I just, I just kept wanting to get home and to have everything be like it was. Have me be like I was. And now I realize that’s not ever going to be possible.”
“So you have a new future. As Michelle, the smart and super tough lady who doesn’t take any shit from anyone, and yet who has a heart of warm gold inside,” Usha offered.
 “Yeah okay. Smart. No shit. Tough as nails made out of warm gold. Maybe eventually I can figure out how to be the new me.”
“Of course you can,” Teddie said. “And when you don’t want to be the super, cool-as-ice woman, you get to go right ahead and cry.” All of her friends agreed, and just to prove it every one of them started to cry with her. 
Not long after, the tears turned to giggles, and then the giggles turned to shared stories, and the long process of healing had begun.


 33. June 2012: Departing

Lhatu suspected that his grandmother had played a pivotal role in providing the distraction that had kept Pavel from completing his bizarre hunt, and he knew how uncharacteristic such an effort was for her and for the entire c3 organization. The more he thought about it, the more he realized that her entire trip to Darjeeling had been unprecedented. When she called to ask him to return home right after Michelle’s safe arrival in Darjeeling, he was not surprised.
“You are dying?” he asked, thinking he already knew her answer.
“We are all dying,” she replied. “Some of us faster than others. I’m not leaving for a while yet, but I do think that the time has come for me to hand the reins of c3 over to you. I wished to discuss this privately first, because I am hoping that you will decline.”
“Decline?” Lhatu was aghast. He had trained his whole life to succeed her. She had no other heir. Was he so unworthy?
“I could not ask for a better grandson, or, for that matter, for a more adept traveler as my successor,” she said. “But the world is changing far faster than it used to, and the organization I ran cannot survive as it is now. You would lead in ways very similar to mine; you would basically do as I have taught you.”
“And this is not what you want?” Lhatu asked in confusion.
“No, it is exactly what I want. But I can see that what I want is not what is best. What is best is that c3 finds a way to retain its most essential traditions, while finding a way to embrace the world. The whole world. The traditions of travelers elsewhere, the openness of today’s education and communication, and the modern tools and scientific knowledge that are all going to find us one way or another, just as water will find its way downhill to where it wants to go. We could fight this for another generation, maybe two. But why? It’s best if we flow with the river, and I recognize with some regret that you have not been trained to do this. You have, in fact, been trained to resist this, and that is my fault.”
“Then I decline, as you wish,” Lhatu said softly. 
“Very well,” the woman said. There was just a bit of a twinkle in her eye. “I thank you for your obedience to my wishes. And to whom do you plan to give your responsibilities?”
“To whomever you wish,” he replied with resignation.
“There is this wonderful man in Thimphu named Lhatu who is an adept traveler, knows the organization thoroughly and who would do a wonderful job,” she said.
“I’m sorry, grandmother, but I do not understand. You wish me to hand the reins over to myself?”
“No,” the woman smiled. “I wish that my heir, the next in line to be the venerated imperial sovereign of c3, turn the reins over to the human named Lhatu. Without such a title and all the baggage that goes with it, perhaps this human will see his way clear to learn new ways to lead. My advice, if asked, would be that he consider choosing two close advisors to help him steer c3 into the future and perhaps even to rule with him as a triumvirate.”
Close advisors? Lhatu was puzzled. “Do you have two others in mind?” he asked.
She nodded. “I understand that we have recently accepted two rather amazing young twins into our midst. One, named Jampa, brings fresh energy and yet has many of our traditional values. He could easily maintain the core of c3 here in its home, allowing you the time and the energy to reach out more and perhaps live elsewhere.”
She smiled as she continued. “Luckily, his twin sister brings none of those traits. She is independent, even rebellious. She is connected now to our renegade scientists in Bangkok and she even aspires to write literature. She brings balance. She will help to heal the rift that has grown within our organization, and she will help us embrace the modern world. They would serve as excellent and able co-rulers, as you train them to better serve and help lead our organization.”
“Yes, grandmother. I know, of course, of these twins, and I can see how including both of them might benefit c3,” Lhatu said humbly.
“It may also benefit this man named Lhatu,” she added. “An old woman’s observation is that while he is steadfastly loyal to his family and his obligations, his interests have strayed from those that would have been considered acceptable for him as venerated imperial sovereign of c3. Perhaps under this new plan he will no longer feel the need to suppress his own desires for the comforts of a mate for whom he yearns.”
“Oh, I couldn’t possibly consider…” Lhatu sputtered.
“Of course you could,” his grandmother said. “Though she is a Westerner who shares none of our beliefs, she is a wonderful woman and your happiness and hers are already intertwined. You’d be an idiot if you didn’t at least consider it.”
And with that one conversation, the possibilities in Lhatu’s world opened up in ways he had never dared hope that they would.

******
The flowers were a charming, old-fashioned gesture, and Amy wasn’t sure what to make of them. Lhatu had called to let her know that he was back in town again and to ask her out to dinner. He mentioned a rather nice restaurant, something fancier than where the two normally ate. She dressed up just a bit, so as not to feel uncomfortable, thinking this was likely a celebration of Usha and Michelle’s safe return.
Then, he met her at her door with these flowers. A lot of flowers actually, a wild array of types and colors that created a bouquet that made one blink in wonder, and she realized with a smile that the bouquet looked like her.
“I love them,” she laughed. 
“I thought you might.” He sat at her counter and smiled as she put them in water. She studied his smile.
“You’ve only been gone for a week,” she said. “Yet you seem different.”
He responded with a look that edged into something between hunger and pleading. She understood it right away, but wasn’t sure how she ought to respond. Did she want to play more games with him? Yes, in fact, she desperately did, but she also knew that she probably shouldn’t. She reached out and tentatively put her one hand on his to suggest that he reconsider, but at her first touch he was up out of his chair with both arms reaching for her. 
“You don’t want to do this. I say that as a friend.” She started to push him away but didn’t quite get the word friend out before he started to kiss her.
“Yes I do.” He pulled away just enough to say it, and then went back to kissing. “I’ll want to again tomorrow,” he added the second time he came up for air. The kissing moved on to all out fondling before he added, “And the day after. And the day after that.”
This time Amy pulled away with a raised eyebrow? “Changing your philosophy of life here?”
“I’m surprisingly open to that at the moment,” he said.
“Okay.” There was a joy in her voice. “It’s nice to know what to expect.”
“Oh, you have no idea how good this going to get,” he responded. 
And over the next several days, he proved to her that he was right. 

******
Teddie was happy that Lhatu and Amy were going to pick her up one last time and drive her all the way to the airport in Bagdogra. She could sense as soon as she got in the car that something had changed between them. Not that it took a rocket scientist to notice them holding hands and giving each other smitten kitten looks when they thought she wasn’t paying attention. She smiled to herself. Grown-ups in love were so sweet.
She’d already said her mental goodbyes to the school and town and the mountains, and taken several dozen more pictures that morning while the old country song “How Can I Help You Say Goodbye” played on her MP3 player and tears welled up in her eyes. Her last final yesterday had gone okay. Her grades might not be great, but she would surely pass everything. The last few nights back alone in the room had left her ready to leave and anxious to get home to those she cared about.
“Have you heard from Michelle yet?” Amy asked, trying to regain some sense of the old dynamics between them.
“Oh yes. She got home two days ago. I know that she was really nervous about seeing her dad. She actually thought that he was going to blame her for letting all this happen to her, and I can’t imagine that even he is that insensitive. But once she got home she said that for the first time ever the man seems oddly proud of her. And her mother keeps looking at her like she’s the most precious thing in the world. Their family dynamics have definitely changed. I think that they are all going to find a way to make things work better.”
Amy nodded. “Usha is doing great as a temp in my office. I’m going to get to put her on fulltime for the rest of the summer, so she ought to have some sizable savings by the time school starts.”
“Yeah, well it’s nice that Ana needed a roommate so Usha could have a place to live for the summer,” Teddie said. “And Haley’s back in Denver and happy. So, you know, I guess the year ended a lot better than it could have.”
“Much better than it could have,” Lhatu interjected. “You know that Vanida is working fulltime right now with the lab in Bangkok, and Jampa has gotten an internship with a tour company in Thimphu. They both want to concentrate on what they are doing for a while before they get more involved in c3.”
“About that,” Teddie said. She’d been dreading and rehearsing this next comment, and she hoped deeply that Lhatu would understand. “I think that maybe I need a break too. Like, to sort of be a normal person for a while when I get back home. You know?”
“I know exactly,” Lhatu said. ‘We’re going to monitor the implant in your head, and you will have to let us do check-ups every once in a while. Vanida is going to keep us in much closer contact with the lab, and we’re going to learn more about exactly what those researchers know. We’ll keep you in the loop as we and they learn more.”
“Of course,” Teddie agreed. She had expected as much. 
“Basically, I think that you need to take a break too,” Lhatu said. “You learned so much so fast, because you had too. Now, you need to travel outside of your body only occasionally, for fun, only when you want to. Contact c3 Teddie if and when you are ready. We will always be glad to hear from you and always glad to help you.” Lhatu patted her hand with great affection. “But for now, yes, go home, put on your western boots and go places by driving around in your pick-up truck.” 
Teddie smiled. “With my country music playing, as loud as I want. It’s going to be a nice way to travel.”


After

34. July 2025: Being Helpful

Thirty-year-old Teddie Zeitman had maybe three or four more years left before she lost all ability to use the chip that had been implanted in her occipital lobe back in India in 2012. Lawan, researcher for c3, had not explained to her initially that many of the components were slowly biodegradable and would render the tiny implant useless at some later point in her life. It now looked like the little device had a life expectancy of fifteen to twenty years. Teddie wished that she had known that sooner.
In Lawan’s defense, she assumed that Teddie would only use the chip once to find her missing friends, and then would await further research to provide a way to safely remove it. And that had been Teddie’s plan, at least at first. In fact, seventeen- and even eighteen-year-old Teddie had wanted nothing more to do with odd abilities and brain implants. She had done her best to ignore both. 
Nineteen- and twenty-year-old Teddie, however, began to appreciate the possibilities. She traveled more, both in the solid world and in the abode of light. She resumed a closer relationship with Lhatu and the twins, and the already growing and diversifying membership of c3. She was studying international relations in college by then, and with some reservations she signed up for a class on ways to address the problems in human trafficking. During the first class the memories and fear from 2012 came flooding back with more force than she expected, and during the second class Teddie left the room nauseous during a film and almost dropped the course.
But she didn’t. And by the fourth week of class, she knew what she had to do.
Research on the chip had been finally stopped in 2014, after several more animals either died or went blind due to the device’s placement or its removal. Lawan and her staff believed that Teddie’s body had somehow accepted the device, and that she would be fine, but they were unwilling to take a similar chance on another human. The situation left Teddie as the one and only traveler who could bring back images of where she had been. 
By the time Teddie was twenty-four, the grainy black and white photos were everywhere. In a world filled with shades of grey, Teddie went after only the most horrific of sex offenders. Pictures of missing girls began arriving, along with photographs that identified where they were. Businessmen and women who facilitated the trade at all levels were just as likely to show up, their complicity made obvious by a series of images. Torture and abuse? You and exactly what you were doing might well be on the internet tomorrow.
Of course, there had been backlashes of several types. Those legitimately concerned about privacy, as well as those less legitimately concerned about protecting their financial interests, had sought to prevent the pictures from being used in courts or even by law enforcement officials. They were somewhat successful, but not completely.
Then there were those who actually enjoyed the photos, masturbating while they viewed them. While this group disgusted Teddie, she opted to focus on the people causing the harm and left the others to their private depravity.
Many sought to trace the origin of the photos that showed up randomly in the mail and on the internet. All that could be determined, ultimately, was that the source of the information was somewhere deep in the nation of Bhutan. The Bhutanese responded that they did not condone human trafficking, forced prostitution, or torture or abuse of women or men, thank you, and while they were unaware of whom was sending the information they were also disinclined to make any efforts at all to locate the source. Due to the remaining difficulties in entering the country, that was the end of that.
Those who knew Teddie well were concerned about Teddie’s safety and her sanity as she forayed ever further into a slimy underworld. Her family and friends, and, in fact, all of c3, provided support for her as they could. The telepathic organization x0 was not far behind them. Teddie’s mother and her friends stayed true to their word and never entered her mind, but short of that they ran interference for her any other way that they could, their efforts often lead by an aging but seemingly tireless Nigerian man determined to right the wrongs he had witnessed as a youth.
One other telepath in particular insisted on being part of Teddie’s ongoing mission, and knowing of the sad loss in Tariq’s past, Teddie included him from the beginning. At first it was a little reluctantly, more out of sympathy than anything, but over time she learned to enjoy his quiet wit when they spoke. Finally, he was the only telepath that she trusted to occasionally ride along in her mind the way that Maurice once had. Over time, she felt safer and foraged further when she knew that he was there with her. 
By the time Teddie was twenty-eight, there was a subtle change happening in the world. It turned out that many a bully and most cold profiteers did not appreciate being shown in the act of committing their sins, whether or not it resulted in prosecution or jail time. Some began to seek other outlets that resorted in less unfavorable publicity. Some took a more offensive stance, defending their actions as legitimate business concerns or as a time-honored expression of women’s natural roles. This last group faced the wrath of a world that was being made more aware every day.
By the time Teddie was thirty, no man or woman who engaged in acts that took away a young woman’s right to her own body could live without looking over his or her shoulder. Who was taking these photos? How was this person finding them? Why did no one ever see the photographer?
The source of the photos had several unflattering names. The snitch witch seemed to have stuck more than most. Snitch witch. Teddie laughed. Thanks to Ariel she could live with that epithet. Her fiery-haired sister, who had comforted her as a scared child and convinced her that her bed was a safe fortress, had looked her in the eye ten years ago and said words that had changed her life.
“Yes, you were sometimes a snitch when you were little, Teddie, but you know what? Some people need to be told on. Not me and Zane, of course,” Ariel laughed, “But there are bullies so bad that somebody really has to go get the teacher. People so heartless that to walk away and not tell on them is a crime. You, you have the power to be the greatest snitch ever, and the best thing you could do is go find the worst people on the playground and let the rest of the world know what it is they are doing.”
With those words, the little sister had let go of her reticence to be a tattletale and began a one-woman mission to shine the brightest sunlight on the worst activities of humanity’s lowest scum. 
 These days when Teddie had trouble sleeping, she made the rounds to check on her friends. She’d become adept at journeys far longer than most travelers made, moving in the world of mist at near light speed. Tonight she was restless, and made her usual first stop. A quick pass by Pavel showed him to be still safely confined in his small cell in an Indian prison. He was pacing uncomfortably. Good. No more attempted jail breaks. She’d keep checking. 
Then she made a pass near Amy and Lhatu in Darjeeling. It was the middle of the day in India, and Amy was at work, running the office with, if possible, even more passion, more plants and more colorful clothes. Her three-year-old daughter played nearby on the floor, and the new baby slept in his baby swing. Their five-year-old son must be in school, or maybe he was with Lhatu.
These two had certainly persevered through a rocky start. They had been two such independent people, with separate missions in life, different backgrounds and little previous experience in how to make a relationship work. Today, they seemed more in love than ever.
She gave Lhatu a call to meet her, but when he didn’t come she wasn’t surprised. Travelers seldom could drop everything in the middle of the day just to come wave hello. She’d give Amy and Lhatu a video-call tomorrow. That worked much better for exchanging news anyway.
Next stop was Bhutan, and a quick peek into the very secret office that processed and distributed her pictures. Usha did such a fine job. No longer only a quiet intellectual, Usha had grown into a strong woman, embracing the examples of many powerful Hindu women and female deities. Usha took what Teddie provided, and from the safety of her new home in Thimphu she sent that information to the world with the skill and passion of a true fighter. Teddie often thought that what she furnished would have made very little difference without Usha’s shrewd dissemination.
 Jampa spent much of his day helping Lhatu and Vanida run c3, but he spent his remaining time assisting his wife with her mission. Teddie wondered what Usha and Jampa would do once the pictures stopped coming in a few years. She hoped that Usha would find new ways to continue to effectively fight crimes against women. 
Teddie kept traveling. Vanida was sitting on her porch, high in the hills of north Thailand, working on her fourth novel. Teddie knew that Vanida was at her happiest when she was writing. Teddie thought about calling out to her friend, just so that she would know that Teddie’s mist body was nearby, but Vanida was hunched over her keyboard with such a fierce look of concentration on her face that Teddie decided not to interrupt her. Vanida had confided that this fourth book would be her most intense yet. Best let her write it.
The next stop was Michelle’s place along the coast of Northern California where she and her current lover were renting a cottage together. He was an artist, and Michelle modeled for his sketches by day, and sometimes worked on her own fashion designs. Teddie had also seen the drawings that Michelle did herself late at night, once her boyfriend was in bed. Simple black-and-white art drawn in bold angry strokes, the sketches did an amazing job of capturing the plights of the victims that Michelle had seen and refused to be one of. She and Teddie didn’t talk that often these days, but Teddie always hoped that someday her friend would grow comfortable enough to share her amazing drawings with the world. 
The last stop was Denver. Haley was sleeping of course, but Teddie made a quick pass by her house and then went on to the office where Haley ran her mountaineering school for children. Even in the moonlight, Teddie could see the walls and study the grainy black-and-white photograph that brought her back here so often.
It showed four smiling people in parkas and hoods with goggles and breathing apparatuses hanging around their necks. Behind them was the sky, a spectacular view, and the very tip of a mountain that had allowed itself to be photographed just this once. 
If anyone had studied the picture closely, they might have noticed that the photographer was several feet above the people in the picture. No small feat for capturing a group standing at the very top of a mountain. The very observant might have also noted that the photo quality was quite similar to the photos produced by the mysterious snitch witch, but luckily no one had ever been that observant. Teddie hoped it would always remain that way. 
She returned home with a snap. Something had disturbed her solid body. Damn, she’d left her phone on and now it was ringing. She looked and saw that it was Tariq.
“What’s up?” 
“Teddie. I have a chance to come to the United States! It’s for a medical conference. It’s in San Diego, near where you live. I wondered if, well, maybe, if you wanted to meet.”
Oh my. All these years and phone calls and emails and time spent with Tariq sometimes watching out for her, and even occasionally with him in her mind and getting help sent when she found something truly awful. All these years of their odd occasional partnership while they shared a common goal, and she had never once set foot in her solid body in the same room with Tariq. He was a medical doctor now, yet he still found plenty of time for her and her cause, and had never once declined to help her when she needed him. Surely she could take the time to drive downtown and shake his hand in person and thank him.
“Tariq, that would be wonderful. I think it’s high time that we met.” 


35. July 2045: Dancing Forward

Teddie hadn’t really wanted to go to Chicago for the celebration, but she recognized that this was one of those family times. It was going to be her brother Zane’s big day, as the pharmaceutical company he had helped shape decades ago held a special award dinner for him. Teddie needed to be there to cheer him on. She’d get to see her mom and dad, too, and that was a plus because her dad hadn’t been doing all that well lately, to be honest.
Tariq was in Pakistan right now at his own mother’s bedside, and she missed Tariq. His gentle humor kept her own disposition from turning sour, and ever since that lucky day twenty years ago when she walked into a hotel lobby in San Diego and saw him for the first time, he had made her life more joyful. Unfortunately, his absence also meant that she’d have to bring their fourteen-year-old son Zafar along with her. Zafar was entirely too likely to get into trouble staying at the homes of any of his buddies. Did the kid even own something suitable to wear? She didn’t think so. At least her nine-year-old daughter could stay in San Diego with friends, making the travel a little less logistically challenging.
Once she actually arrived in Chicago, Teddie was glad that she came. Of course. But, as the family laughed and touched and hugged in greeting, Teddie felt Ariel’s absence and looked forward to the video-call later with her sister, knowing how Ariel’s quick smile and bright blue eyes would light up the screen and everyone’s mood, as it always did. 
Zane showed up for the dinner that night still clueless that he was the guest of honor, although he had dressed better than usual. Teddie guessed that was his partner Afi’s doing. She was hoping that her son would sit next to his older cousin John and visit with him a little. The cousins hardly knew each other and Teddie felt bad sometimes that her two children had grown up with no kin nearby. John was totally engrossed in his new girlfriend, however, and shy Zafar sat at the end of the table alone. Teddie was happy when her dad plopped down next to Zafar and engaged the boy in conversation about something, probably involving sports. 
 “I thought we'd take another approach this year," a man who stepped up to the mike began, getting the chatter in Ballroom A to quiet down. "So tonight we’re going to celebrate some of the wonderful side stories that this amazing company has spun off.”
As the first tribute to one of Zane’s friends began, Teddie allowed herself the luxury of slipping into a light trance. Years of practice had helped her hone the skill of leaving a relatively alert and normal-looking body behind her, and had given her the confidence that as long as she stayed close by, she could make an almost instantaneous exit from the abode of light if she needed to. So while the first man took the podium, Teddie went exploring. She intended to be back in a minute or two, well before this introductory speaker stopped talking.
Looked like there was some sort of prom going on next door in Ballroom B. The young men and women were dolled up, sipping fruit drinks and flirting. She smiled to herself at how things never changed. 
Well, most things. The boys’ attire appeared to have more flexibility these days, and it was about time, Teddie thought. The girls’ dress styles were different than they had been years ago, but the young ladies appeared to have put just as much effort as Teddie’s friends once had into figuring out how to show off as much skin as their school would allow. 
She lingered longer than she meant to, enjoying the energy and beauty of the young people, and was about to return to her own event when she noticed two of the boys exchange a knowing wink. Hmmmm. What was this about?
She watched with growing alarm as one boy got the two girls to stand up and pose for a photo, while his friend dropped something into both of the girls’ drinks. Clearly, dropped little white tablets into the drinks. Teddie looked on in outrage.
She couldn’t knock over the drinks, she couldn’t warn the girls in any way. Her traveling body was mute and useless in these situations, and it had lost its photographic abilities sixteen years ago. No wait. This time she had a perfectly good solid body sitting just on the other side of a hotel partition. She snapped back, ready to get up and invade the prom.
The solid body of Teddie shook herself into full awareness and she mumbled something to her nearest family members about the restroom. She discretely made her way to the door of the banquet room as another speaker took the podium. Once she was outside of the ballroom, she marched next door to Ballroom B with purpose, only to be told in no uncertain terms by a rather large man that no one but the high school students were being admitted under any circumstances. Any. 
Great. She could hope to intercept one of the girls in the lobby bathroom, but that was too undependable. Worse yet, it could lead to her getting thrown out of the hotel by security if the girls didn’t believe her. And there had to be a better idea than pulling the fire alarm or screaming that she had seen a bomb, both of which were a criminal offense, although those were her backup plans. 
Maybe her family could help. She went back to take her seat, trying to come up with an idea, and saw that her brother Zane was now speaking. 
Damn, she’d missed his introduction. Zane was accepting a plaque, saying a few vague words about how happy he was. Teddie felt sorry for him. If anyone in the world hated public speaking, it had to be Zane. Then, his voice unexpectedly grew stronger.
"You know, when you are a little kid you have just no idea how your life is going to turn out,” he said to the crowd. 
Isn’t that the truth, Teddie thought as Zane’s voice continued on in the background. For example, you do not think that you’re going to change the world because you personally are the greatest weapon ever developed for exposing pathetic behavior. 
Zane paused in his speech, reached for a water glass, and surprised the crowd when he raised it high over his head. 
 “To each and every human being getting to joyfully do the dance of life.” Zane paused and smiled. “I don’t mean just a couple of quiet toe taps, people. I mean twirl-around-in-circles-while-pumping-your-fists-in-the-air dancing. Get your feet moving, because whether you dance with fire or polka bands, with drums, or bagpipes or with a full orchestra, no one can do your particular dance better than you. So dance it with joy.”
The applause started and grew in enthusiasm and Teddie’s mind flashed back to her old friend Haley’s bizarre fun facts about animal sex. Why was she thinking of that now? Why was she remembering the sea hare, an underwater slug that had sex in a conga line?
Then Teddie saw the opportunity. She hopped up to her feet as her fourteen-year-old son looked on in horrified embarrassment. 
“To dancing for joy,” she yelled back at her brother. He gave her a single raised eyebrow as she twirled around pumping her fists in the air. Her father looked confused, but her mother clearly picked up that something was amiss and Teddie needed help. So Lola stood up, gave a loud hoot and repeated Teddie’s little dance. It was kind of cute when done by an eighty-five-year-old woman, and a few others laughed and stood up and repeated the motion as well. Then a few more, and a couple dozen more after that.
It was exactly what Teddie had hoped for. She turned her little jig into a walking movement and her helpful mother joined in behind her, forming the happiest little two-person conga line seen in a while. A few others added themselves on, and pretty soon an impressive group was kicking and shaking its way out of Ballroom A, all dancing for joy just like Zane had extolled them to do. 
It’s one thing to tell a fifty-year-old woman that she cannot enter a school event. It’s quite another to stop a two-hundred-person conga line hell bent on joining your party. The doorman had picked up his radio and was about to call for backup, when he noticed that the dancing and laughing group seemed so harmless and happy that he decided to give it few minutes and see how things went.
Joy is contagious. At first the kids laughed at the odd assortment of adults crashing their prom but after a minute or two a few shrugged and joined in, and then pretty much everyone did. Teddie’s mother was having the time of her life, so Teddie let her go ahead and lead the happy group out of the prom and right into the wedding dance that was being held in Ballroom C. 
By the time the night was over Zane had inspired what was assumed to be the world’s longest conga line. Teddie’s fake sea hare orgy had danced on down the streets of Chicago for an hour or more. Thanks to modern electronic communication devices, there were people waiting ahead of them to join the dance en route, there was plenty of good dance music, traffic was seamlessly rerouted, and a parade permit was provided by the city and filed while the spontaneous dance was in progress. By the year 2045, the city of Chicago had learned how to be helpful.
At its zenith, the sea hare conga line boogie was estimated to include over six-thousand happily dancing male and female humans. Teddie had long since put two woozy girls in a cab headed home, glad to have made a difference in their young lives.
As she attached herself back into the line of the dancers, she thought that this moment was perfect. It was how the world should be, it was the way that people should behave, and it was the way that every story should end. 


36. March 2064: Being Brave

Teddie held her mother’s hand as her brother Zane quietly left the hospice room. They both knew that the end was near, but Zane had spent hours here and needed a break. Their mom had been slowly approaching death now for months, accepting comfort but refusing any further life-prolonging intervention. Throughout the lengthy process her children and grandchildren had provided her with what solace they could.
Teddie had made it very clear to everyone that she’d be quite upset if she wasn’t called in time to say a final goodbye. The others all thought that she was just being difficult, and Teddie knew that, but she had her own reasons. Yes, she had said farewell to her mother many times recently and in several ways. Just not in the very special way that she planned to do it today. If she could actually get herself to do it, that was. 
Lola was enjoying a warm feeling of contentment. She felt like she’d just touched Alex and Zane, her husband and son, and the connections had given her strength. She was so lucky to have people that loved her, and to have their love to help her through this, life’s most difficult rite of passage of all. 
Then she saw little Teddie in her mind’s eye, a four-year-old dynamo of emotion and curly black hair. The child was actually squirming with excitement and even nervousness.
“Mommy? Mommy. Come with me. Come see,” the little girl said, tugging on her hand. 
“I’d love to, but I can’t go anywhere, sweetie. Mommy’s really sick right now,” Lola said. But she was wrong. She was going—she was leaving the hospice and she was moving down the halls, and now she was going right through the walls. She looked around in a panic for Teddie and didn’t see her anywhere. Lola realized with a sinking feeling that she was lodged deep within Teddie’s own mind, traveling with her. It was something she had sworn never to do. 
“I’m so sorry, honey. It just happened. Mommy’s kind of weak right now, I guess she doesn’t have that much control any more.”
“Mom, it’s okay.” Grown-up Teddie thought the words clearly. “Listen carefully, mom. I cannot hear what you are thinking, but you should be able to hear me. I’ve invited you into my mind. You’ve accepted. It’s okay. I’m not going to keep talking, because you can’t answer and I have to concentrate on what I’m doing. I’m taking you out for a little trip, that’s all, and then I’m going to bring you back safely. Just stay calm, and come along for the ride.”
Oh, Lola thought. How nice. 
Ever since the odd telepathy exchange that she and Teddie had shared decades ago when Teddie had been over at school in India, Lola had known that Teddie wanted no part of interchanging the strange gifts that she and her mother possessed. Lola had respected Teddie’s wishes over the years. They had loved and supported each other, of course, but kept their distance. Lola thought that Teddie’s desires for separation and independence from a parent were probably grounded in wisdom. A child needed a certain amount of distance to grow.
So what was different about today? 
Oh that’s right, I’m dying, Lola thought. Teddie doesn’t have to worry about setting a precedent or consequences or this happening again. This is a farewell gift. I wonder where she’s taking me.
Lola saw the glimmer of dawn in the east over the mountain range that was growing larger and then she knew. With all that had happened in her life, she’d never gotten back to the Himalayas. Never made it to that base camp at Everest. Never even taken a flight over the great mountain range that defined so much of the world’s largest continent. How had she gotten too busy to do that?
She had looked at a lot of pictures though, so she recognized Sagarmāthā, Mount Everest, before Teddie even had her close. Up they went to the base camp, slowing down so that Lola could see it clearly. Then they flew up over the Khumbu Icefall and on to the very summit. The peak was cloud-covered at that moment, and Lola could feel Teddie’s disappointment. On to Junga then, Teddie thought with determination.
They flew like the wild geese did, right through the rarified air, with thousands of feet below them and the peaks spread out underneath, sparkling in the coming daylight. Lola thought that she had never seen anything quite so beautiful.
They landed on the peak of Kanchenjunga the way a bird would, and Lola took in the view through Teddie’s eyes. Her daughter did not rush, but lingered so that Lola could enjoy each direction and each scene to its fullest. Finally, Teddie took to the air, and as Lola followed along she made a slow flight to the west, staying over the beautiful mountain range for as long as she could. 
As the flight neared its end, Lola heard her daughter think, I did it. I really did it. It was even kind of fun. I hope she liked it. Okay Ariel, now it’s your turn.
And Lola wondered, what next?
Before she could give it further thought, she found herself back in her own aching body, in her own hospice bed. 
“I’ve gotten a lot braver, Mom, haven’t I?” Teddie asked softly.
Lola wanted to thank Teddie, she wanted to tell her daughter how much she loved her, and she wanted to say so many more things. Instead she managed to whisper “Less ‘fraid now. But always were brave.”
Tears formed in Teddie’s eyes as she squeezed her mother’s hand, to say thank you and to say goodbye.


c3 is part of 46. Ascending, a collection of loosely interrelated novels about five very different family members who each discover that they can do the extraordinary when circumstances require it. These books are designed to be read as stand alone stories or in any order.
If you enjoyed c3, consider z2, the tale of Teddie’s father as he learns to use his ability to warp time to protect Teddie and her friends against a threat from a white supremacy movement at Teddie’s high school. You may also enjoy y1, the story of Teddie’s brother Zane as he develops an odd ability to alter his appearance, and x0, the story of Teddie’s telepathic mother as she finds herself the unlikely hero in a rescue mission in Nigeria. Watch for the next book, d4, the story of Teddie’s older sister, in late 2014.  

Thanks 

I have relied on many people and sources of information to weave this tale, and I thank them below as best I can. It is my intent to be accurate, respectful of all cultures, and open-minded about various points of view. If I have fallen short, even briefly, the fault is mine alone and deeply regretted. Inclusion of a source below in no way implies that source’s endorsement.
I am indebted to seven women I have never met, who donated their time to serve as a beta readers for this novel and made many real contributions to it. Below I mention only a few of those contributions. I am grateful to:
Dhivya Balaji of India for seeking out the Sanskrit name Jvalalaya along with her other special notes to aid my cultural sensitivity in telling this story,
Dorottya Bacsi of Hungary, a top reviewer on Goodreads, with special thanks for her encouragement of Haley’s character and accomplishments, 
Judith Ludlow of the United States, both critic and fan of my earlier works, with particular appreciation for her guidance in cutting back on vulgarity to make this book more accessible to a wider audience,
Mellissa Barth of Canada, whose detailed analysis encouraged me to rework some of Michelle’s back story,
Michelle Willms, a sociologist/psychologist from the United States, who provided insights into Vanida and Michelle’s trauma and how to maintain both characters’ humanity in the story,
Sophie Robinson of England who guided me into making a myriad of important tweaks thanks to her skill for thorough analysis, and
Shree Janani of India for helping with both facts and the perspective of a reader from her home country.
Thank you ladies, for reaching out across divides of age, culture, location and philosophy to help me make this a better book!
I continue to be indebted to Jennifer Fitzgerald for her imaginative book covers, to Joel Handley for his fine editing abilities that have grown to include plot suggestions and fact checking, and to friend John Ryan for his forwarding of so many helpful links and his excellent proofreading. This time around I also need to thank an online word game buddy, who works as a physician in the real world and introduced me to Addison’s disease. She knows who she is.
I am blessed with the most supportive family imaginable, and am grateful for it. Thanks to my insightful sister June Hanson who lets me inside a readers head by providing me with blow by blow notes as she reads. Thanks to my astute daughter Shenandoah who ensures that my stories are consistent and free of holes. Thanks to my well-read son Casey who helps me to better understand my own style of writing. Thanks to my husband Kevin, who helps me research, who proofreads, who encourages, who does his best to give me more time to write, and who holds me at the end of the day. I don’t know what I did to be so lucky.
For this particular book, however, my most heartfelt thanks go to my daughter Emerald, who allowed me to borrow from her knowledge as a budding social worker and from her own personality and hopes, as I created the characters Teddie and Amy and their struggles to improve this world. This was an emotionally charged subject, sometimes difficult to write about and difficult to read. I thank Emerald for sticking with me on this project, and I hope that in the end she and I will have touched a few hearts and minds.


Resources
Printed Materials:
I love to read and to research, and all my novels have begun by my devouring fact and fiction on subject matters that interest me. I’d like to thank the following author’s and acknowledge the contributions that their books made to my thought process.

Astral Dynamics: A New Approach to Out-Of-Body Experiences by Robert Bruce 
Beyond the Sky and the Earth: A Journey into Bhutan by Jamie Zeppa
Buddhism For Beginners by Thubten Chodron
Girls Like Us: Fighting for a World Where Girls are Not for Sale by Rachel Lloyd 
Half the Sky: Turning Oppression into Opportunity for Women Worldwide by Nicholas D. Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn
How Animals Have Sex: A Guide to the Reproductive Habits of Creatures Great and Small by David Strorm 
Illustrated Atlas of the Himalaya by David Zurick, Julsun Pacheco, Basanta Shrestha 
Kangchenjunga: A Trekker's Guide (Cicerone Guide) by Kev Reynolds 
Kangchenjunga The Untrodden Peak by Charles Evans 
Married to Bhutan by Linda Leaming 
Not for Sale: The Return of the Global Slave Trade and How We Can Fight It by David Batstone 
The Road of Lost Innocence: The True Story of a Cambodian Heroine by Somaly Mam 
The Secret Sex Lives of Animals by David Lambert

Internet Sources:
My research for this novel included far more internet sites than would be practical to mention, and given the subject matter of the book it included many I would not dream of listing here. However, several sources provide a great deal of material and inspiration and I would like to thank them specifically and direct interested readers their way.

Bhutan visit: Plan a fantasy vacation to Bhutan, or even a real one. (bhutanvisit.com)

Crystalinks: This “metaphysics and science” website provides detailed and well presented information on astral projection and out of body experiences, as well as a skeptic’s point of view. Fascinating, whatever your personal beliefs are on the subject. (crystalinks.com)

The Himalayan Club: The Himalayan Club exists to “encourage and assist Himalayan travel and exploration, and to extend knowledge of the Himalaya and adjoining mountain ranges through science, art, literature and sport.” A visit here is also a wonderful way to trek in the Himalayas from the comfort of your own living room. (himalayanclub.org)

Humantrafficking.org: This web source for combatting human trafficking champions “empowerment through knowledge” and works to bring Government and NGOs together, with a focus on East Asia and the Pacific. (humantrafficking.org)

Safe Horizon: Once known as the Victim Services Agency, this organization originated in New York to help criminal court witnesses who had been intimidated. Today, they assist human trafficking victims world wide with the belief that “every person impacted by violence and abuse deserves to …. look forward to a better and safer tomorrow.” (safehorizon.org)

Vital Voices Global Partnership: This NGO “identifies, trains and empowers emerging women leaders and social entrepreneurs around the globe,” in an effort to support human rights everywhere by reducing all forms of violence against women. 

Links by Chapter
If you are reading this on a device that does not support hypertext, you can find all these links live at the c3 blog (ctothepowerofthree.org)

Link for Chapter 5.
This is what Teddie and Michelle saw as they arrived at the Bagdogra airport
darjeeling-tourism.com/darj_0000a6.htm

Link for Chapter 6. 
See the views of Kanchenjunga from Darjeeling that Teddie raved about during her first meal at the school at magic-photographer.com/2012/10/25/scenic-kangchenjunga-mountain-seen-from-darjeeling-west-bengal-india-photo-gallery/

Link for Chapter 7. 
Watch Cody Johnson perform “Texas Kind of Way” youtube.com/watch?v=PmL1mLqTTfg
For good information to have see
halftheskymovement.org/

Link for Chapter 8.
See photographs of the Darjeeling Himalayan Railway from the Darjeeling Himalayan Railway Society Website at dhrs.org/page21.html

Link for Chapter 9
See Gangtok through Usha’s eyes as she arrives at abhitalks.wordpress.com/2009/05/28/hello-gangtok/

Link for Chapter 10.
Read the Associate Press news article on name changes for girls in India usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/world/story/2011-10-22/India-women-names/50869628/1

Link for Chapter 11.
See the Tiger’s Nest, the most famous cliff dwelling monastery in Bhutan, and similar in concept to the much smaller convent where Usha is hiding
blog.instagram.com/post/33005493762/off-the-beaten-path-tigers-nest-monastery 

Link for Chapter 12. 
Watch Jo Dee Messina perform “Heads Carolina Tails California” youtube.com/watch?v=QDrZFYSgW6A

Link for Chapter 13.
See why Teddie found the mountains too beautiful to leave by viewing this photo at India Nature Watch 
indianaturewatch.net/displayimage.php?id=157593

Link for Chapter 14.
Watch Trace Adkins perform “Your Gonna Miss This” youtube.com/watch?v=lBDN8yWyNYU 

Link for Chapter 15.
Visit the Peace Pagoda in Darjeeling, where Lhatu snaps a photo of the Zeitman family
trekearth.com/gallery/Asia/India/East/West_Bengal/Darjeeling/photo1091059.htm

Link for Chapter 16.
Learn about how telepathy works in the world of x0 
tothepowerofzero.org/facts-faqs-about-telepathy

Link for Chapter 17.
Watch Carrie Underwood perform “Get Out of This Town”
youtube.com/watch?v=XBGpP_NiIFM

Link for Chapter 18.
Learn more about entanglement at 
pbs.org/wgbh/nova/physics/spooky-action-distance.html

Link for Chapter 19.
Read one woman traveler’s account of Ping Pong shows in Bangkok
grrrltraveler.com/sightseeing/off-beat-travel/ping-pong-scams/

Link for Chapter 20.
Watch Tim McGraw perform “Everywhere”
youtube.com/watch?v=t_fzTQVW1tE

Link for Chapter 21.
Read why Kanchenjunga is one of the five deadliest mountains in the world
mentalfloss.com/article/30757/5-mountains-deadlier-everest#ixzz2Xk3oJL1L

Link for Chapter 22.
See the Thai countryside and visit a blog devoted to fighting human trafficking
petervanosdall.blogspot.com/2013/12/a-quick-drive-into-hills-around-chiang.html

Link for Chapter 23.
Learn more about the Sisters of the Good Shepherd and their efforts to help victims of human trafficking at goodshepherdsisters.org/trafficking.htm

Link for Chapter 24
See the photos of Kathrine Switzer in the 1967 Boston marathon at kathrineswitzer.com
Watch Buddy Holly and the Crickets perform “That’ll be the Day” on the Ed Sullivan Show
youtube.com/watch?v=kVGM86XIilw

Link for Chapter 25
Watch LeAnn Rimes perform “One Way Ticket (Because I Can)“ youtube.com/watch?v=H_t1rAVO6YQ
See beautiful Lachen in Sikkim India on this blog of world photos:
knowledgepicture.com/lachung-and-lachen-sikkim-india/

Link for Chapter 26
Get a quick glimpse of how the brain processes images at 
brainmadesimple.com/occipital-lobe.html

Link for Chapter 27
See photos from Patong Beach at patong-beach.com

Link for Chapter 28
Watch Jason Aldean perform “Laughed Until We Cried” youtube.com/watch?v=PsAuWNQ9O7E

Link for Chapter 29
Once she leaves the convent, Usha considers making Bhutan her permanent home. Learn more about Bhutan at kingdomofbhutan.com

Link for Chapter 31
Learn more about climbing Kanchenjunga at oocities.org/bhutiahoo/kanchenjunga.html

Link for Chapter 33
Watch Patty Loveless perform “How Can I Help You Say Goodbye” youtube.com/watch?v=wyu4glVpVkU
About the Author

Sherrie Roth grew up in Western Kansas thinking that there was no place in the universe more fascinating than outer space. After her mother vetoed astronaut as a career ambition, she went on to attended Northwestern University studying journalism and physics in hopes of becoming a science writer.
She published her first science fiction short story long ago and then waited a lot of tables while she looked for inspiration for the next tale. When it finally came, it declared to her that it had to be whole book, nothing less. One night, while digesting this disturbing piece of news, she drank way too many shots of ouzo with her boyfriend. She woke up thirty-one years later demanding to know what was going on.
The boyfriend, who she had apparently long since married, asked her to please calm down. He explained that in a fit of practicality she had gone back to school and gotten a degree in geophysics and had spent the last 28 years interpreting seismic data in the oil industry. The good news, according to Mr. Cronin, was that she had found it at least mildly entertaining and ridiculously well-paying. The bad news was that the two of them had still managed to spend almost all of the money.
Apparently she was now Mrs. Cronin, and the further good news was that they had produced three wonderful children whom they loved dearly, even though to be honest that is where a lot of the money had gone. Even better news was that Mr. Cronin turned out to be a warm-hearted, encouraging sort who was happy to see her awake and ready to write. "It's about time," were his exact words.
Sherrie Cronin discovered that over the ensuing decades Sally Ride had already managed to become the first woman in space and apparently had done a fine job of it. No one, however, had written the book that had been in Sherrie's head for decades. The only problem was, the book informed her sternly that it had now grown into a collection of six books. Sherrie decided that she better start getting it on down paper before it got any longer. She's been wide awake ever since, and writing away.
Alphabetical List of Characters

Alex: Teddie’s father
Amy: social worker from Chicago
Ana: employee in Ivy’s office
Ariel: Teddie’s older sister
Ashmita: Usha’s mother
Awut: Teddie’s photography teacher
Bela: Ashmita’s friend in Gangtok
Bhadra: Usha’s 11 year old sister, and also the name of Zane’s friend
Chakor: Usha’s deceased father
Duttas: elderly telepathic couple from Darjeeling
Haley: mountain climber from Denver
Hans and Henrik: Norwegian climbers who advocate to include Haley
Jampa: young monk living in Bhutan
Jeet: Usha’s uncle in Patna
Khae: manager of bar in Bangkok
Lawan: ex-US military researcher and rebel within c3
Lhatu: man from Bhutan
Lola: Teddie’s mother
Maurice: old family friend of the Zeitmans
Mei: expert cyber detective from China who asks no questions
Michelle: Teddie’s closest friend
Nandi: procurer of young girls for exclusive clients
Noi: One of Vanida’s trainers at a camp in the Thai countryside
Noom: name Jampa uses for his sister
Olumiji: Nigerian telepath
Pavel: the man who purchases Usha 
Pêe chaai: name Vanida uses for her brother 
Pim: One of Vanida’s trainers at a camp in the Thai countryside
Riddhi: Usha’s aunt in Patna 
Samir: Pavel’s go to man for delicate items 
Shawna: a childhood friend of Teddie’s
Sister Teresa Marie: a Sister of the Good Shepherd
Somadina: Nigerian telepath and close friend of Teddie’s mother
Tariq: Pakistani boy who aids Teddie telepathically
Teddie: high school student from Houston
Uncle Steve: Haley’s agent
Usha: high school student from Patna 
Vanida: trainee in the sex industry
Vasily: Pavel’s old friend and assistant
Yuden: Lhatu’s grandmother
Za: murdered mother of two unusual twins
Zane: Teddie’s older brother

Places

Bagdogra: nearest airport to Darjeeling, 3 hours away by hired car
Darjeeling: Mountain resort in northern India 
Gangtok: capital of Sikkim, a country formerly between Nepal and Bhutan and now part of India
Kanchenjunga: third highest mountain in the world
Lord Peartree International Academy for Exceptional Students: fictional school in Darjeeling India
Manali: picturesque Indian resort town where Pavel lives 
Mishmi Hills: In India’s Arunachel Pradesh district bordering China and Burma
Patna: town in northern India where Ashmita and Usha’s siblings live and Usha’s father is from
Patong Beach in Phuket, Thailand: most popular beach in all of Southeast Asia.
Patpong district of Bangkok: area of town notorious for sex shows
Trongsa: Bhutanese town nearest to the convent that offers Usha shelter
