SHE
by Shireen Jeejeebhoy

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2011 by Shireen Anne Jeejeebhoy

Discover other titles by Shireen Jeejeebhoy at Smashwords.com

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to events, locales, organizations, or actual persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.


~~~*~~~


For Mum and Dad


~~~*~~~


Contents

Acknowledgements
Chapter One — There Was Once A Woman
Chapter Two — One Day
Chapter Three — Mind And Flesh
Chapter Four — No One Spoke A Word
Chapter Five — Meeting Quickley
Chapter Six — TARC
Chapter Seven — Fired
Chapter Eight — Reading Is A Bitch
Chapter Nine — Impatience And Treachery
Chapter Ten — How Long Will She Hunt?
Chapter Eleven — Vexation Is Heavy, Time To Shop
Chapter Twelve — A Bad Day
Chapter Thirteen — A Good Day
Chapter Fourteen — A New Defence
Chapter Fifteen — Miserable Comforters
Chapter Sixteen — Bulrushes Cannot Flourish Where There Is No Water
Chapter Seventeen — Catching Transgressions
Chapter Eighteen — A Torrent Bed Of Kindness
Chapter Nineteen — Under The Ice It Lies
Chapter Twenty — Like A Princess She Would Approach
Chapter Twenty-One — For One To Hear Her
Chapter Twenty-Two — Sayonara
Chapter Twenty-Three — Days Of Affliction Have Taken Hold
Chapter Twenty-Four — Quacks The End
Chapter Twenty-Five — Seeking Bounteous Sparks
Chapter Twenty-Six — Now Her Eye Sees
Chapter Twenty-Seven — Without Fear
Chapter Twenty-Eight — Forty Days And Forty Nights
Chapter Twenty-Nine — The First Great Act
Chapter Thirty — Restoration
About the Author
Lifeliner Sneak Peek

~~~*~~~


Acknowledgements
They say it takes a village to raise a child. Well, it takes a multitude to hold up a writer, to keep her going. I would like to thank all the people who helped me turn my idea into She: My editor Greg Ioannou, who, as always, gave me his full attention when I needed it and explained the finer points of setting, timelines, and sub-plot development. Marg, who seems to know intuitively just when I need a distraction, cheering, or pick-me-up. My Beta Readers, Olive, Gwen, Andy, and Ann, who gave generously of their time and saw different things in the book that needed to be refined, ditched, filled in, or brought out more. All the kind people, near and far, on Twitter and in the city, who encouraged me to keep going and celebrated each milestone with me. And lastly, I’d like to thank the enthusiastic people behind National Novel Writing Month, who created an annual event that made it possible for me to sit down and write the first draft.
~~~*~~~


chapter one
THERE WAS ONCE A WOMAN
TIRES HISS AGAINST the road. A gentle bump bump at high speed wakes her up. She stretches against the confines of the seat belt and blinks open her eyes. Pitch night engulfs the car. The glowing numbers on the dashboard clock draw her eyes: 12:54.
“Wow, I can’t believe the time.” She yawns, “Did I really sleep that long? I can’t believe it’s that late. Did we run into heavy traffic? That sucks. I thought leaving so late in the evening, we’d miss the Toronto-bound traffic. I guess not, eh?” She smiles at the driver, but he looks stoically ahead. Her eyes drift past the clock again and suddenly widen. “Hey! Do you know what time it is? It’s almost summer solstice time. How cool is that, being out in the country at the exact hour?” Still no response.
Sighing, she looks out her window and frowns. Not only are they late, but for that matter, where are they? This country road doesn’t look like Highway 10. Pickets of a prim wooden fence fly by, the ground at its feet rising into view and disappearing. The fields beyond vacuum the meagre starlight, and the car’s beams cannot penetrate into their depths. She leans toward her window and cranes her neck to look up at the sky. It’s a moving charcoal surface with white glitter winking here and there. The moon is nowhere in sight.
She asks him as she continues to stare out the window, “Where are we?”
“I thought we’d take a shortcut.”
“Meaning you don’t know,” she laughs. He smiles faintly as he continues to stare straight ahead, his hands resting in the ten to two position on the leather grey steering wheel of their car. The amber glow of the dashboard lights up the front of his face like some sort of eerie jack-o-lantern. She watches him for a moment.
“Well, I guess we’re somewhere in the country. Traffic must’ve been bad, eh?”
He shrugs one shoulder. She sighs. She’s fully awake now and sharing space with a statue.
“I guess it wasn’t so bad for you that I dozed off, eh? Silence is golden and all that,” she grins. “Well, I can be silent … sometimes.” She chuckles and then stretches again. “That nap did me good. I feel so awake now and refreshed. I’m raring to go, and I can’t wait till tomorrow, I mean today. I have all these song ideas bouncing around in my head. This was a great idea of yours, going on this road trip, it’s got me going again, and I love visiting those cute Ontario towns.” She twists round to the left to check out the back seat, to make sure all the goodies they bought are still there. Pies and jugs of maple syrup sit side by side with pints of fresh Bing cherries, her favourite. She untwists herself and settles back in her seat. She watches the hypnotic yellow line as it snakes ahead.
“I can’t wait to dive into those cherries. They were my favourite fruit growing up. Did I ever tell you that? I used to look forward to the end of school because that’s when Grandmother would buy them. And I’d make a big mess, and she’d get so mad.” She laughs at the memory. “Now I can make as big a mess as I want.” She falls silent for a moment. “I was thinking: they’re too good to make pies with. I’d rather eat them fresh like that, but it’s almost strawberry season. Maybe we can go up to Andrew’s Scenic Acres and pick some berries. I’m in the mood for making strawberry rhubarb pies or maybe mixed berry pies if the blueberries and raspberries are out too. We have enough room in that chest freezer, I’m sure. I gave it a big cleanout the other day. What do you think?” she asks rhetorically. She savours the thought of a strawberry rhubarb pie with crumble topping. Those are always a hit. And they freeze so well. She can almost smell them baking and taste their sweet tartness. She smiles; her eyes focus on the road again.
She looks past the yellow line, past the boundaries of light the car beams create, into the darkness coming toward them, a forest on the right. The hairs on the back of her neck lift up; her stomach flutters.
“Uh, where are we really?” she asks as she sits up straight, tensing her body. He stays silent.
Her nerves feel taut. She urges, “We need to stop and turn around. Now, if you don’t mind.”
The car doesn’t slow down. His eyes don’t flick up to the rear-view mirror or down to the speedometer.
Her chest starts to contract. “Look, I know you’re all into exploring the side roads, but this doesn’t feel safe, and it’s really really late. Let’s drive home on a faster road. Let’s turn around and go to Highway 10.”
He says nothing.
“Could you please just stop the car, turn around, and go back to Highway 10.”
“We’re fine.” He stretches the word out. “Stop being so paranoid.”
“I’m not being paranoid.”
“You are,” he replies. The slight put-down in his voice works. She feels silly. They’re just trees.
Those trees are beside them; ahead their mates on the left loom. They fill the front windshield more and more. It’s 12:56 a.m. She wants to be the one in the driver’s seat badly; instead she’s being driven inexorably toward the forest, where starlight cannot penetrate. She shifts her gaze back down to the road, to the familiar yellow ribbon and the dusty edges of the asphalt where road meets grass. But then the edges vanish into the shadows cast by the trees standing shoulder to shoulder, leafy branch merging into leafy branch, creating a light-sucking toothy maw. She feels the air hold its breath. Her breathing speeds up. His body remains still.
The trees close in on the other side, only a sliver of rectangular sky between the two forests breaks their starless black.
She leans toward him, her thick, shingled hair falling against her cheek, trying to get away from the trees on her right, jostling his arm.
“What are you doing?” he snaps at her.
“Can’t you move closer to the yellow line?”
In response, he steers toward the right.
“Stop it!” She struggles to breathe evenly.
“I’ll stop it when you stop being silly.”
She leans forward to look up through the windshield, her hair gleaming in the reflected dashboard light, searching for that sliver of glittering sky, looking for the one opening in the lightless claustrophobia without.
“Would you get a hold of yourself. We’re fine. Don’t worry.” He tries to nudge her away with his elbow, but she resists.
She cannot move back to the upright position; she just cannot separate herself from him. She looks ahead, focusing on the end of the forest, even though she cannot see it, where the fields re-emerge beyond the headlights, willing them to arrive there as fast as possible. But their speed drops to 70 kilometres per hour. She begins to see the individual trees, the shrubs sticking up among them, the rocks laying among their bases. The sky is morphing, undulating, changing degrees of grey-black shades. Clouds are rolling in.
“Why are you slowing down?”
He doesn’t answer. “Of course not, why need he?” she thinks angrily. He’s proving his point. He doesn’t usually treat her this contemptuously. Her anger fades into loneliness as memories arise of how he used to always treat her with consideration and respect and love. She remembers the first time they shopped together, how he had insisted on carrying the grocery bags. Or how when she had lost her keys for the umpteenth time and was becoming mighty annoyed about it, he’d used his carefully modulated voice to calm her and focus her memory on those keys. Within minutes she’d found them. But lately, ever since his annual spring camping trip up near the Bruce Trail with his buddies, he’s become moody. Grim. Many, many days, he has been his old cheerful self, making her laugh so hard that she snorts water out her nose, or he has run errands by himself instead of interrupting one of her songwriting sessions. But on this weekend’s road trip, he’d once again become serious, become watchful of her as darkness inhabited his face. She doesn’t understand this change in him and towards her. It’s like he’s decided that she has to prove her worth over and over again.
She wants to grab that wheel and take back control. But she can’t. She’s in his hands.
Sinking down into the shadow of her seat, still leaning on him, her eyes reach the level of the clock. It flips to 12:57 a.m.
The landscape flashes sickly neon green. The car heels to the left as a wind screams out of the forest like a ghastly, whirling Northern light, and slams into its right side then dances up on to the hood, on to the roof, down beside them. The car’s back fishtails out. She squeezes her eyes and senses the car turn one way then the other. Even through her closed eyelids, she senses the chartreuse-yellow lightning inside the whirlwind. She squeezes her eyes tighter until they hurt. They’re speeding up; they’re driving to the left; they slow. She opens her eyes to see him manhandling the steering wheel until they’re aiming straight down the road again, but the wind, with its ever-changing neon-green-bottom border, with its dancing gold-green veins, streaks alongside and in front of them. They can’t outrun it. He presses the accelerator, trying anyway, as she clings to his right arm, as she puts her head between her own arms. Glass cracks in front of her. The cracks glow green. She scoots closer to him and squeezes her eyes so tight, she sees red. Cracks fracture her side window, and she can’t help opening her eyes to look toward the sound. Air moves all around her, pushing at her, raising the hair on her arms, throwing up the hair on her head, fluttering her T-shirt, turning her skin sickly green. Suddenly she sees nothing. She closes and opens her eyes and still sees nothing. Panic attacks her. And then they shoot out of the trees and are between open fields. She sees again. Sobs rack her, and she can’t stop them.
“There’s a patrol up ahead. I have to pull over,” he says.
Her sobs quit suddenly. She sits up, wipes her eyes, smoothes her hair off her face, straightens her Black Sabbath T-shirt. The car rumbles off the road to the gravel shoulder and crunches to a stop. He pushes the window button and his window hums down. A policeman with a bright wand in his right hand and a reflective vest walks toward them; the officer leans in, his eyes keen on them. She returns his look emotionless.
“Good evening sir, ma’am. How are you this morning?”
“We’re fine officer. I wasn’t speeding.”
“No, you weren’t sir. That’s not why I pulled you over. We’re the Akaesman patrol.”
“The what?”
“Will you step out of the car sir, ma’am. We need to ask you a few questions.”
She obeys. Or tries to. All her muscles seem to have seized up; she looks down puzzled, feeling old. Using her hands and her arms as leverage, she turns herself towards the open door, puts her feet on the ground, stands up, and leans on the open car door, apperceiving her balance, before straightening her flared black jeans and walking over to where the policeman has joined a woman standing a metre or so in front of what looks like the back of a white ambulance sitting next to the black and white police car.
“Did you drive through the forest sir?” the policeman asks him.
“Yes.”
“Did anything happen?”
“Like what?”
“You tell me sir.”
Slowly he shakes his head.
The policeman stares at him for a few seconds, and then turns to her.
“You ma’am. How are you feeling?”
She considers that for a moment. Shocked maybe.
The woman who had been standing there watching them walks over to her, while snapping on blue nitrile gloves. She takes a penlight out of her pocket and flashes it in her eyes. She flinches. The woman is unfazed. She reaches round and lightly squeezes her neck muscles, moving down to feel the top of her shoulders.
“Follow me.”
She obeys.
“Please sit here,” she gestures to the step at the back of the ambulance. From there, she can see the reflective letters on the side of the police car: “Akaesman Patrol. To Guard and Save.” Weird.
She feels a cuff being fastened around her left arm, and then the rhythmic pump, pump as the woman inflates it. Air hisses out before the cuff is ripped off. A stethoscope is pressed against her chest and then her back. She finally looks at the woman as she straightens up and speaks to the policeman: “It’s mild, but definitely.”
He nods and faces her fiancé again.
“Sir, you did experience something back there, didn’t you?”
She watches her fiancé stare back nonchalantly, but he’s no match for an officer of the Akaesman Patrol.
“We might’ve.”
“You did sir. I want to know what it was.”
He told him all, even how she was whining about turning back.
“You should’ve listened to her sir. Stay here.” He walks over to the patrol car, the gravel crunching under his dusty black boots. He opens the driver’s door, gets in, and slams it shut.
They wait.
He gets out with a clipboard and walks over to her.
“OK ma’am, I’m sorry to have to tell you that you probably had a run-in with Akaesman. Now it doesn’t look too serious, some sprains, but I must ask you to read this form and sign it. Then go see your GP tomorrow.” He looks at his watch. “Today.” He writes, his pen scratching the paper on the clipboard. Then he hands the clipboard over to her. The woman aims a flashlight at it, but it’s too much to read. She must be tired, and so she pretends to read it. His finger extends into her view, pointing to where she should sign. She signs. He flips the page up and asks her to sign the copy. She signs and hands it back to him. He presses down on the clip handle and releases the top piece of paper. He hands it to her. She takes it, but he doesn’t let go until she looks up at him.
“Go see your GP ma’am.”
She nods.
He still doesn’t let go. “See your GP, your family physician.”
She looks up into his face and says, “I will.”
He lets go. She carries the paper back to the car, where her door is still open. She gets in awkwardly and drops the paper on her lap, wondering why she has to see her family physician. She reaches back for the seat belt, and pain ratchets up her neck. She pauses and then turns her entire body right to get at the seat belt, pulls it toward herself, turns her entire body to the left, and stiffly aims for the seat belt clip. Click. She sits back, sighing. And waits, staring at her fiancé, yet not seeing him as he strides back to the car. She hears his door open, his booted foot twisting on the gravel, his jeans sliding against leather; she hears the slam of the door, the feel of the car softly rocking in response, the slither of the belt as it’s pulled, the click of it going home, the key being turned, and the engine roaring excessively to life. They accelerate onto the asphalt, the wheels spitting small stones out, and drive for home.

~~~*~~~


chapter two
ONE DAY
SHE SITS ON the grey vinyl-covered bench in her GP Dr. Basset’s waiting room. On either side, across on a matching bench, and even on the floor, waiting to see the GP, sit young adults, old adults, children, and pregnant women. Some lean against the wall. She sits still, her eyes on the pile of files sitting on the receptionist’s desk, hiding the impassive receptionist. A line of people stand at the desk, patiently waiting to speak to her. She had tried to read Don Coles’s book of poetry Forests of the Medieval World that she’d borrowed from the library last week and had brought with her, but she’d kept reading the same line over and over, the cacophony of voices distracting her from the meaning in the text, making her head sag from fatigue. She’d put the book back in her purse. As she sits, the pain lines flowing up into her head and down into her shoulders intensify, particularly the right one where her seat belt had pinned her against the seat as the car had flown around. She still can’t believe that had all happened.
Was that her name called? Yes, the receptionist is peering over the pile of files at her.
She stands up and totters down the short hall to Basset’s office. It too is crammed with paper. You can’t see his old-fashioned wooden desk for all the files, faxes, reports, and letters on it. The two wooden chairs for patients sit next to a window and across the desk from him. She blinks against the sun spilling onto her face. Dr. Basset looks up over his cheater glasses.
“How’s my favourite patient?”
“I’m fine. Thanks. Something’s happened.”
He nods encouragingly.
“Well,” she hesitates. How can she describe what happened? A wind came out of nowhere and hit the car. And then this strange patrol pulled them over and told her to see him?
“A wind came out of nowhere and hit the car. Sunday night,” she says in a monotone. “No Monday morning. And then this, uh, thingy, uh car, uh, no patrol car, pulled us over and told me to come s-s-see him. You.”
“I see.” He pulls a fresh sheet of paper out of his desk, places it on a flat spot on top of other papers, and meticulously prints in tiny letters her story as she relates it. When done, he gets up, sidles around his desk, and feels her neck.
“You’ll need an X-ray.”
She’s puzzled. Why an X-ray?
“Stand up for me, please.”
She stands, and he examines her shoulders, palpates her back, tells her to turn around so that he can look at her profile, asks her to walk forward, which she does a bit unbalanced, but that’s because there’s so little space she tells herself, and then he asks her to walk back toward him. He asks her to lift her arms to the side, to the front, to touch her nose. She raises her arm, squints at her finger, and concentrates as she slowly aims for her nose. She misses, and she tries again. This time she hits the side of her nose tip. She’s relieved, but his round face looks inscrutable. He asks her to sit back down, and then he returns to his chair. Silence reigns as he writes.
“I think you should see Dr. Kale at Haoma Therapy. He does good work for my patients. He’s a physiatrist and will look after those soft tissue injuries of yours. Sound like a good idea to you?”
She chews her bottom lip and nods.
“But first, I want you to get those X-rays, okay? Bring them back to me. Here’s the requisition.”
“Okay.” She stops chewing her lip, gets up, and as she opens the door, wonders when she’s supposed to come back.
“Come back today,” he calls out.
She emerges out the front door of the clinic and stands on the covered porch. She follows the traffic zooming by north on Woodbine with her eyes as she wonders when the next bus will be and how to get to the X-ray clinic. She looks down at the requisition form in her hand. The address given on it slips out of her mind as she reads it. She searches her mind for a memory of where that place is. Suddenly her brows lift, her forehead lightens, her eyes snap on the scene ahead. Of course, it’s around the corner on Kingston Road. She can walk there.
The X-ray takes surprisingly no time at all. She goes in, hands the receptionist the requisition form, sits down in the cramped waiting room for what seems like two seconds to her, is taken to a dressing room to put on a gown and then to a plain battle-green room where the X-ray machine resides. She’s draped in lead and X-rayed all around. Buttoning up her blue shirt and doing up her back-zip black pants is a struggle. She frowns at the unexpected effort, frustration nibbling at the edges of her being. By the time she’s dressed herself, the X-rays are waiting for her at the desk. She carries the giant manila envelope back to Dr. Basset’s.
A patient is coming out of his office as she approaches his receptionist.
“You can go right on in.”
Surprised, she turns on her heel, walks down the short hall, and into his office.
“Ah, you got them already. Let’s see them.”
He fishes the X-rays out of the envelope, which he places on a precarious pile of partially unfolded letters on his desk. He takes a step to the wall next to the office door and flips a switch on the light box. He shoves the X-rays into the clips at the top and scrutinizes them.
“Come here and take a look at these.”
She dutifully steps over to join him.
“You see here,” he says, as he points to her neck bones clearly outlined in profile on one of the X-rays. “You see how straight your neck is. That means the muscles are in spasm and have pulled your vertebrae out of alignment.”
“Oh.” She grips and twists her bottom lip with her upper teeth. “You mean, you can tell what’s happening, what’s happening with, uh, with the muscles from what the bones look like?” she asks.
“Yes. Your neck should have a nice curve to it. But here it’s dead straight. That means you’ve sustained a neck sprain. The Haoma Therapy Clinic should take care of that for you. I believe they have physiotherapists on staff. Dr. Kale will certainly know what to do.”
“Oh. The physiotherapist will f-f-fix that?”
“I don’t know if they can fix it, as such, but a good physio can certainly alleviate your pain.” He smiles at her over his glasses. He grabs the envelope, somehow not disturbing the pile of letters, pulls each X-ray out of its clip, and slips them all into the envelope.
“Here,” he says as he hands her the X-rays. “Dr. Kale and the physio will need to see these.”
She takes the envelope from him and hugs it to herself.
“Arlene will have your referral ready. Just go over and tell her what you want to put on it.”
She nods and stops herself at the pain. She sees that he’s watching her carefully yet puzzled. She’s supposed to be talking more or asking questions more or something; she struggles to think of something to say but gives up. It’s much easier to follow his directions.
She goes out to talk to Arlene, who shows her what she’s put on the referral, as if that’s the normal thing to do. She wonders why; it all seems fine to her. Arlene faxes it off, and tells her that she’ll call or the Clinic will call when they’ve set up an appointment. She thanks her and hopes she doesn’t have to wait too long.
Once again she stands on the porch, letting the screen door slam behind her. She finds her purse uncomfortable and isn’t sure where to put it. She finds her bra uncomfortable and has this almost-uncontrollable urge to whip it off right then and there. She switches her purse from one shoulder to the other to take her mind off the pain caused by her clothes while trying to keep her hold on the envelope. She needs to go shopping. She needs a shoulder purse, one that has a strap that will go across her body.
She stands there staring into space.
What she really needs is one of those hip thingies, those things that belt around her waist, something that won’t be anywhere near her shoulder. They’re so ugly though. She sighs and treads down the concrete stairs, along the short concrete walk to the sidewalk, turns left, and slowly makes her way to the traffic lights. The light ahead is red, the one to cross Woodbine Avenue is green. She lumbers across Woodbine and stands at the bus stop, facing away from the cemetery that’s kitty corner to the stop.
The wait is interminable, the bus ride interminable, the subway too crowded, the train’s movements too sharp. Bloor-Yonge station is overwhelming in noise and lack of space. She wants to race outside; instead she shuffles up to the Yonge platform and then realizes she’s on the wrong north-south line. She needs to be on the University-Spadina line. The thought of turning around and going back down those filthy, packed stairs onto that crowded narrow platform and waiting another five minutes for the same westbound train, holding this increasingly heavy envelope, and trying to ignore both bra and purse digging into her sore shoulder is almost beyond her. She sits on a bench, plunks all her stuff beside herself, finds and plugs her gold iPod Mini into her ears, and turns it on. The Beatles rock out Get Back into her ears. She collects her stuff and bounces down to the westbound train.
This time, she gets off at St George station and looks around. Where are the effing escalators going up? Huffing, she climbs the stairs to the north-south line and waits for the northbound train. At last it comes.
Fatigue weighs her down more and more, and she doesn’t care that the only seat available is between two large women — until she sits down. The squeeze of shoulder to shoulder sets up pain waves undulating from her shoulders into her arms, from her shoulders up her neck, into her skull. But she’s too tired to move. She almost misses her station and stands up abruptly. She sways and grabs for the pole next to the door. Goldfish seem to have moved their water bowl into her head and are madly swimming round and round, making the water — and her head — whirl. She tries to get her balance, but the chimes are sounding, the doors are about to close. She staggers forward and out the doors to the station wall. She pauses until she can straighten up from the wall. She makes her way up to the cavernous streetcar area, sooty with squeals of streetcar wheels echoing off the concrete walls of St Clair West station. She finds her car and hikes up the streetcar steps, grabbing at the centre bar to help herself up. Another interminable ride, this time westbound, followed by a walk that goes on and on and on until at last she reaches her house.
She climbs the stairs wearily to her red front door. She loves that red, a bright, happy red. She and her fiancé had chosen it as one of the first projects they’d done on their house. They love bold colours, especially against white.
She pushes her key into the lock and turns it right. Nothing happens. She stares at it; she tries it again. Nothing. She frowns and contemplates the key in that lock. She turns it again right. Still nothing. Frustration moves in from the edges, about to set up a scream, when she tries turning it left. Clunk. Frustration flees. She pushes the door open and almost loses her balance as she lurches in.

She doesn’t know how long she’s been lying on the couch. She pushes herself up and walks over to her staircase in the dark and flips the light switch. Fluorescent light floods the upper hallway, revealing Smokey sitting at the top bathed in the reflected glow of the violet walls, blinking inscrutably at her. Up she ascends, one step at a time, to her music room as Smokey descends quickly and disappears. The house is so quiet; she needs to hear music, feel the smooth keys under her long, delicate fingers as she plays Beethoven’s Moonlight Sonata.
She’s sitting at her keyboard, with her hands on her lap. The Sonata is open in front of her on the music stand; she’s not sure why as she knows it by heart. But first where is middle C? She scans the keys and tries to think about how to find it. All at once, she remembers the cue, smiles, and places her hands on the keys. She squints at the music. What’s that note? She concentrates hard. Suddenly, it morphs from something not quite known to familiar. Relieved, she looks down at the keys, trying to find that note. She begins to play, and then her head begins to feel fuzzy, the keys look strange, the notes move on the page, she doesn’t know what phrase she’s in, and she stops.
She blinks in confusion. She must be tired. That’s it. It’s been a hard day. Where is Jim? She ponders this question a moment, then remembers: he’s away at something or other. How come she doesn’t miss him? Usually being alone always frightens her. But these days she feels nothing. She turns to the right on the bench to look out the window and wonders when it became dark.
She crosses her short upper hallway to her bedroom. She strips off her clothes, pulls on her pyjamas, and flops onto the bed. She lies on her back. She hates lying on her back. She wants to lie on her stomach. She wants to lie on her side. But those positions hurt too much. She feels vulnerable lying on her back. She wants to curl into the fetal position and hug her pillow.
Who is Akaesman?
The patrol didn’t say. Dr. Basset hadn’t said anything. She’d never heard of it. Him. Her. Whatever. It sounds ominous. Or maybe not. She flips onto her left shoulder and hugs her pillow, unheeding of the painful pressure. She stares at the shutters closed against the window, at the flowered walls, at nothing. She’s exhausted yet cannot sleep. She cannot even close her eyes.
Rays filter through the cracks in the shutters, piercing the darkness of her bedroom. Flickering, growing, the rays move into the room and coalesce. A visitant stands before her. Her eyes widen; her body freezes. Silvery sunlight streams out of the visitant and then becomes a human shape draped in a glimmering robe that moves softly, lazily. Hair like molten silver-gold flows long; the face is hidden yet visible as if emitting bright moonlight that smiles. The visitant moves toward her; she lifts her right hand to shade her eyes and suddenly glimpses a vast sandy plain of emptiness, a creature lurking in the distance, a creature with iron bars for legs, round shields for a back, furious teeth that grind terror, eyes that show the dawn, and a snout that sneezes lightning. She drops her hand abruptly, and the vision obfuscating the visitant is gone. The visitant’s robe coruscates, the sparkles in it brightening. She blinks against this overwhelming light, her body relaxing, as the visitant lifts an arm, stretching out an upturned molten-gold hand, on which rests an ordinary-looking bun.
A bun?
It looks like a bun, a bun with a shiny bronze top crust and a milky-white bottom.
The visitant stands patiently. She tries to scrutinize the visitant’s face. Maybe — she? — wants her to take it. But she makes no move.
Srukar, she hears.
Or did she sense that word? Into her sinks the conviction that this bun, this Srukar will help her — it will help her heal. But she doesn’t need help. She’s strong. All her life, she’s done things on her own, and that’s the way it’s supposed to be. Besides, this all seems unreal, as unreal as that Akaesman whoever he, it, she was. And it’s just bread anyway, bread with a fancy name. What the heck is Srukar? Annoyance tinges her.
But the visitant remains standing before her, remains holding out the Srukar.
“Alright. I’ll take it!” She sits up, leans forward, and snatches the bun out of the hand.
And then she’s alone in her shadowy bedroom, only the bun in her hand reminding her that somebody or some thing had been there with her. She doesn’t want this fancy bun though. She puts it on her nightstand, lies back down on her left side, not caring about the pain in her shoulder, and hugs her pillow tight.

~~~*~~~


chapter three
MIND AND FLESH
“THAT’S YOUR NAME,” Jim, her fiancé, says while his eyes remain glued on his laptop.
“Oh.” She lifts her head, looks around. She’s had to wait six weeks to get in to see Dr. Kale and his team at the Haoma Clinic. It feels like it’s been forever. “Are you coming?” she asks.
“No.”
She waits for a second. Realizing that’s all he’s going to say, she pushes herself out of her chair and follows the nurse waiting for her at the waiting room doorway, trying not to drop the X-rays in their envelope that she’s been clutching since she got out of the car. The nurse pounds down the hall to the door of another room while she strives to keep up. In response to the nurse’s gesture, she walks through the door.
A small dark-haired man gets up from his behind his desk, strides round it, with his hand outstretched toward her. She hands him the X-rays; he takes them in his left hand, and he shakes her hand with his right. Pain shoots up her arm into her shoulder and her neck. She tucks her right arm into her body and sits down in the ubiquitous office chair that he’s indicated to her.
He sits back down, sets the X-rays aside with a muttered “I’ll look at them later” and pulls a pad of paper toward himself and picks up a pen. “Now then, I see Dr. Basset has referred you for possible neck and shoulder sprains and strains.”
“Yes.”
“What we’ll do is I’ll begin with your medical history and then we’ll talk about how you got those sprains and strains. After that, the physiotherapist will do some tests, and then you’ll meet my colleague Dr. Jones. We believe in a multi-disciplinary approach here.”
She nods.
“So I see here you were born on May 16 —”
“Yes.”
“And did you have any childhood diseases, break any bones, sprain ankles, that kind of thing?”
She frowns, concentrating, trying to remember.
“I had the usual. I think. Colds. Flu. I don’t remember bones, breaking any bones. I s-s-sprained my ankle. My right one. A few times. I think.”
“Have you been in any car accidents, skiing accidents, get hit when playing sports?”
“No.”
He nods and jots some notes down. “Okay then. How did you receive these strains and sprains? Tell me about that day.”
“Well, um,” she thinks for a bit. “We were driving home on S-s-sunday night. No, Monday morning.”
“What day was that?”
“It was Sunday. No, Monday. Monday, June 21 at 12:57 a.m.,” she says, thinking between each word.
He looks up in surprise, “You remember the time that clearly?”
“Yes. I was looking at the clock. It was the summer solstice.”
“I see. Go on.”
“Well, anyway, we were driving, driving on s-s-some country road.” She frowns, “I think it was, it was near Highway 10, yes, that’s right, just west of Caledon.” She starts to pick up steam, “And it was real dark. We were at the top of this-s-s up and down road, in the middle of a f-f-forest, when this huge wind hit the car and spun, spun us around. Jim was fighting to get control of the car back, and I was leaning towards him, s-s-so I wasn’t si-si-sitting up straight, straight, and then the glass cracked. I felt the wind on me, and it was like pushing me or something. And then it all stopped. It stopped, and we were out of the forest.”
“Mmmm …” He writes a few words, then looks up at her and nods at her to continue.
“Well, um, that was it. Except this, um, this Akaesman patrol …”
“Akaesman?” He sits up and looks at her sharply.
“Yes. I think I’m pronouncing that right.”
“Yes you are. What did they say?”
“They said, they said I had some, some minor s-s-sprains or something. Go see my GP, which I did.”
“Anything else?”
She slowly shakes her head but stops as the pain expands. “No.”
He writes a few more words down, and then he reaches into his drawer and passes over a metal grip device shaped like a spray handle nozzle with a dial on top.
“Squeeze that as hard as you can with your right hand.”
She holds it and squeezes it. Nothing seems to happen. The dial needle budges barely.
He gestures at her to pass it back. He looks at the dial, writes down the number, and then passes it back to her. “Now your left hand.”
She dutifully squeezes with her left hand. Nothing moves, except once again the needle. She passes it back to him, and he again looks at the dial and copies down the number he sees there.
“You’re left-handed?”
“No.”
“Right-handed?”
“Yes.”
He notes it down. “Okay,” he stands up. “Please stand up and come over here.”
She stands and goes toward where he indicates. He touches the back of her neck and slides his hands down it, squeezing gently. She tries not to wince. Grandmother hated wusses and people who complained of pain, as she’d made clear on those days when she wanted to stay home from school because she had a cold or a headache. He slides his hands down the top of her shoulders and gently probes the muscles there. He repeats the same procedure down her back. Next he asks her to raise her arms out to the sides, then in front, then up, then to touch her nose, walk along a straight line, one foot in front of the other and back again toward him. He watches her closely as she does all these things.
“You may sit down again,” he instructs as he returns to his chair to make a few notes.
She waits.
He hands her a pen and a sheet of paper with diagrams of a human body on it, one showing the back view, one showing the front. He asks her to mark where her pain is. She looks at it for a moment to make sure she knows which one is the back view and which one the front, and then she scribbles, going over the diagrams’ lines, and smudging into areas that aren’t painful, but her hand doesn’t want to obey her, clutching the pen too hard and spasming. Done, she hands it back to him.
He inspects her work and confirms with her where the pain is.
“That’s all for here. I want you to see our acupuncturist. He’ll help you regain strength in your arms and hands, along with our physiotherapist, but he’s away this week. I’ll ask the nurse to schedule you in for an assessment when you start physio. She’ll call you with an appointment. But for now, go back to the waiting room, and the physio will take you in for her own assessment.”
She gets up, clutching her purse, opens the door, and walks down the hallway. But as she’s about to enter the waiting room, she hears her name, and a woman is standing next to her.
“Come with me, please.” She follows. They walk into a large room with a chair and desk next to the wall, and another chair sitting in the middle of the room. A bed is at the far side.
“Put this gown on, and I’ll be back in a minute.” She leaves, shutting the door behind her.
She strips off her loose T-shirt and sweatpants. No bra. She had ditched wearing one weeks ago. And quickly puts on the gown. She can’t reach the ties at the back and awkwardly holds it closed with her left hand.
The door swings open, and the woman comes in.
She sits in the wheeled chair in the middle of the room, wheels herself to be right in front of her, asks her to turn around, and ties the gown closed. And then she quickly, silently starts examining her, giving her terse instructions when she needs her to lie down on the bed or stand back up. She follows all the instructions to the letter, wondering why this woman is doing things like testing her reflexes and then pondering why her right leg doesn’t move upon being tapped.
“I’m going to test fibromyalgia trigger points. These might be uncomfortable. Please stand up and face away from me.”
She turns around and feels the woman pressing firmly on either side of her spine. She hisses in air, nearly ratcheting away from the woman into the wall with the pain. She manages to register that the woman is telling her to sit. She sits, and the woman finds another bunch of air-sucking painful spots, this time on her legs.
“Put your arms up,” the woman barks as she’s still trying to recover from the pain. She’d managed not to scream, but she wants to lie down badly. Instead, she raises her arms. “I’m going to push down. Resist me.” She doesn’t do a good job of resisting or of pushing either with her arms or her hands.
In response to more barked commands, she tries to move her head from side to side, ear to shoulder, chest to back, but her neck feels locked in stone. Her shoulders hardly move either. The woman asks her to lie back down and a miracle happens. Under the guiding hands of the woman, her neck rotates with ease, with barely any resistance or pain.
She looks up at the woman looming over her from behind. “Um …”
“I’m testing the flexibility of your vertebrae, not your muscles.”
Oh.
“We’re all done here. Get dressed and go back to the waiting room. Dr. Jones will see you next.” The physiotherapist is gone with a whoosh of the door, and she is left to untie her gown by herself.
She takes her time getting dressed and shuffles back to the waiting room. She sits next to Jim, who’s engrossed in his laptop. She’s starting to feel zombie like.
“Hi, I’m Dr. Jones.”
A slender but tiny man is standing in front of her. He’s completely bald with green eyes. She stands up and shakes his hand. She’s starting not to like this handshaking thing. She used to pride herself on a firm grip, but now she’s thinking the fishy handshake is more her style.
She follows him to a darkened room with a computer on a desk and two ergonomic chairs. Finally, she gets to sit in a comfy chair.
She strains to focus on him as he tells her, “We’re going to look at your brain waves, get a feel for what your nervous system is doing. It won’t hurt a bit.”
She follows his movements with her eyes as he takes out a tube and squirts some whitish cream on his fingers, asking her to remove her earrings. With some difficulty, she does and then wonders where to put them. She holds them in her hand on her lap. He scrubs her earlobes. The grit burns, but she says nothing. He squeezes more of that stuff on a Q-tip, which he lays down on the desk. He measures her head in two directions with a thin, soft tape, parts her hair back at the precise middle top of her head, picks up the Q-tip, and scrubs. She squints at the abrasiveness but remains quiet. He opens a wide jar and scoops out some goop on a small palette knife. He takes out electrodes from a drawer on her right. He sorts out all the wires and then spreads goop on the inside of the tiny metal clips at the end of one wire. He clips one to her left ear. Repeats with another set of clips. And then he puts goop on a small circular piece of metal at the end of the last wire and presses it down on the top of her head. The pain spreads like lava over her skull. She cringes.
He plugs the other end of the wires into a box, turns it on, and moves the computer mouse. Up on the screen appears a program to test the connections. They’re all green.
“Great. We’re ready to go. We’re going to measure the power of your brain and what kind of waves it’s producing.”
“Okay.”
She sees window after window appear on the screen in front of her; bar graphs and waves scroll by. She tries to focus as he explains what all these things mean, but she only hears that her brain is showing low power and that their goal will be to shift her brain out of the twilight zone and into the thinking waves area, or maybe he said the dreaming waves. She’s still trying to decide which when he tells her they’re all done, removes the electrodes, and cleans up her earlobes and scalp.
“I’ll see you once a week. I’m a psychologist, but we won’t be doing talking sessions like you’re probably familiar with from television programs. Instead I work on mind, body, and soul, using a variety of techniques. You can make an appointment at the desk. I’d like to see you at the same time on the same day every week. Okay?”
“Okay,” she nods up at him.
He watches her eyes for a moment and smiles encouragingly: “You’re tired. I’ll explain this again at our next meeting.” He gestures her out the door and back to the waiting room.
“I’m done,” she says to the top of Jim’s head.
“Great.”
She stands beside him as he closes the lid of his laptop, swiftly slides it into his briefcase, and stands up before threading his way through people and chairs. She follows his disappearing back slowly to the car.
Back home, he drops her off, telling her he has a meeting to get to. She climbs slowly into her house. Smokey is nowhere around. She needs to talk. She’s so tired, yet she needs to talk. Nance will talk to her. She dials the familiar number.
“Hello?”
“Hi. It’s me.”
“Hi! How’d it go?”
“I’m not sure.”
“Tell me about it.”
She does, to the sound of keys clicking in the background. Nance says encouraging mm-hmms throughout her narrative and then, when she’s finished, says brightly, “That sounds fantastic. It sounds like they have a plan for you, and that Dr. Jones sounds nice.”
“Yeah. Yeah, he’s like a tiny, perfect psychologist.”
“It’s good then you got to see him. Look, I have to go. The boss cometh. Talk soon.” She listens to a dial tone for a few seconds. She replaces the receiver and stares into space.

Minutes and seconds expand like an elastic being stretched. Mornings are like yesterdays, and evenings seem impossibly far into the future. Yet somehow a week has passed, and it’s time to see Dr. Jones.
Jim had agreed reluctantly to drive her to her weekly appointments with the psychologist. Although she is able to start treatments right away with him, the clinic had called her to say the physio is booked solid for the next two weeks, and then she’ll see that woman every week. The same day she begins physio, she’ll be assessed for acupuncture. She can’t wait. Her thoughts are interrupted by Jim pulling up to the door of the clinic. Reluctantly she opens the car door and, with slow, jerky movements, gets out.
The waiting room is as packed and noisy as it was her first time there. Dr. Jones comes and gets her as before, but this time they go into a different room. The door faces a large window, in front of which sits a desk facing the door. Cheerful paintings cover the wall. Sitting on his desk is a water thingy. She frowns as she tries to retrieve the right word, but only “thingy” comes to mind. Well, she thinks, at least the softly flowing water makes a soothing sound. A black ergonomic chair faces his desk, and a green zero gravity chair sits near the door with a hutch next to it. She walks to the chair in front of the desk as he takes his own seat.
She listens as he explains the treatment, about how he focuses on mind, body, soul, about how this is not counselling, but rather a way to restore her balance of energy and focus. Each session will last forty-five minutes. By the time he’s done explaining, there isn’t much time left. Still, he wants to try what he calls “a neurofeedback device” on her. He goes over to the bench and picks up a black box with a set of headphones and mirrorshades plugged into it. He puts the box on the desk and hands her the shades while asking her to sit back and relax. Next he places the headphones on her head.
“Are you comfortable?”
“Yes,” she says, but she’s not comfortable. She doesn’t know if she can be anyway, so what’s the point of saying no.
“Tell me when it’s too bright.”
Suddenly flashes of light appear in front of her eyes.
“Close your eyes.”
Oh. She closes them.
“Is it too bright?”
She considers it and decides yes. “Yes.”
He dials it down incrementally.
“Okay.”
Then he turns on the sound. Thrumming fills her ears.
He asks if it’s too loud.
“It’s too loud,” she almost yells. He dials it right back down until she’s comfortable.
“We’ll do this for five minutes. Let me know at any time if you feel uncomfortable or if it becomes unpleasant. Okay?”
“Okay.”
As she sits there, her senses brimming over with patterns of lights, of colours, of soothing repetitive thrums, she sinks deeper and deeper into sleep but not sleep. It’s more like awake sleep. Her head nods forward.
“How do you feel?”
His voice startles her. She jerks her head up, opens her eyes, and realizes that it’s all stopped and that the shades and headphones are off.
“I fell asleep?”
“Yes,” he smiles at her. “That’s good. Do you feel relaxed?”
“Yes.” Like a dehydrated person thirsting for water, she wants more.
“I’m glad to see you responded positively. I’ve seen great results with this, even with clients five years after their event, after they were invaded by Akaesman. We’ll do this again next week, only longer.”
She smiles briefly in relief and thanks him as he shows her out the door.
Back in the waiting room, she tells Jim she’s done. She tells him how well it’s gone as he snaps the laptop lid closed, slides the computer smoothly into his briefcase, lifts it and himself in one movement, and strides out the room to the car. She stops talking as she can’t keep up. She finds him already sitting in the car when she gets there, Shania Twain belting out That Don’t Impress Me Much through the car speakers. She opens her door, eases herself in stiffly, turns her whole body to reach for her seat belt, and then turns the other way to click it home.
“I’m ready,” she says to his profile.
He starts the engine, wheels the car to the left out of their street parking spot, and roars straight down industrial-looking Research Road. He doesn’t say a word. But she doesn’t notice; Dr. Jones’s words are trickling into her consciousness. What did Dr. Jones mean when he said “invaded by Akaesman”?
The next week she finds out. Near the end of her session with him, he leans toward her, puts his hand on her knee to hold her attention, and says, “I think you’ve been invaded by Akaesman, and you need to see a specialist to confirm that you have been.”
“A s-s-specialist?”
“Yes. Dr. Dering is the best. Dr. Kale will refer you. I’ll speak to him about it, and our receptionist will call you with an appointment date. He will know whether you were just buffeted about by Akaesman or fully invaded. If it’s the latter, it’s very important you get treatment, else it will become permanent.”
She frowns at him. This is all so confusing. Who is “Akaesman”? What does “invaded” mean? What does he mean by “permanent”? She only has a simple sprain, doesn’t she? Well, not simple; it hurts like hell. But at least she knows what that is. This, this is all too dramatic. It’s not happening. Sensing her thoughts, Dr. Jones searches her face with empathy in his green eyes, “Don’t worry. We and Dr. Dering will take good care of you.”

~~~*~~~


chapter four
NO ONE SPOKE A WORD
“I’M BUSY.”
“But I have to go, go s-s-see that doctor, that Dr. Daring, Dering. The appointment is in an hour,” she says in a monotone.
“So go get a cab. I have work to do.”
“But you promised,” she says. It’s a week before Christmas Eve. Three months ago, after Haoma had booked her appointment with Dr. Dering, she’d talked to Jim about driving her. She’s sure he’d said yes. Has he forgotten?
“I can’t be ferrying you round. You’re keeping me from closing this valuable deal.”
“It’s Friday.”
Jim turns his back on her and doesn’t answer.
She paces out of the red, energetic dining room-cum-office, into their small royal purple living room. She paces back into the dining room where his desk shares space with their dining table.
“It won’t be long.”
He doesn’t reply. She stares at his rigid back, his back that says I have better things to do. She paces back out into the living room, into the sun room that faces west, whose narrow walls between the windows scream lemon, to stand in front of the window next to the front door. She gazes upon the street. She looks in the direction of the bare tree across the snowy road, its branches arching up into a candelabra, snow streaking down its trunk. She chews her lip. What is she to do? She doesn’t have cash for a cab. How will she get a cab back? Where is she going again? She turns abruptly and stalks into the dining room.
“I really need you to come with me Jim.”
“When I’m finished.”
“The appointment is-s-s, is in an, an hour.” Fury flashes red in her face. “I need you now.”
“I know when the appointment is. Your appointment. Leave me alone, or I won’t drive you.”
“Don’t be so damn disrespectful!”
She stalks back into the living room, back into the sun room, back to the window. Her chest hurts so much; pain grips her neck; she wants the pain to go away. Yet in the last six months, it’s become the background of her body. Maybe this doctor will get them to go away. She wants to be normal again; but she doesn’t remember normal. Is it normal to be this agitated? She frowns because she’s so used to it now yet she wonders if she has always been this way.
“Let’s go.”
She swings around. Jim is grabbing his coat off the coat rack across from the door, his briefcase in his hand.
“I have to go to the bathroom.” You son-of-a-bitch she refrains from adding.
“You always have to go,” he says as he slams out the door.
She goes as quickly as she can. She pulls her coat down from the rack, picks up her purse from the table next to the rack, picks up her keys, exits, and locks up as fast as she can. She steps down the stairs carefully, for snow has made them slick. Jim is waiting in the car, staring out the windshield. She goes round the back of it and gets in on her side. He says nothing. She says nothing. She has nothing to say, feels nothing to say. She pushes into the car’s stereo k.d. lang’s CD Hymns of the 49th Parallel. Hallelujah soars sadness into her heart but not her eyes.
Their object of direction, Dr. Dering, practices in a large ornate building on University Avenue. Parking is a bitch. The sidewalks are at least clear. She follows Jim through the tall glass doors and to the old-style elevators. He presses the Up button, and soon they’re waiting in a large carpeted waiting room. There’s hardly anyone else there, such a contrast to Dr. Jones’s waiting room. Dr. Dering comes right out, smiling.
“Hello, I’m Dr. Dering. How are you?” he says as he shakes first her hand and then Jim’s. “Come on in both of you. My office is right down here.” Jim has no choice but to accompany her, to her intense relief.
She sits in the chair in front of the window and faces Dr. Dering. Jim sits perpendicular to him, against the wall. His left hand rests on top of his briefcase, which rests on the floor.
“So tell me what happened?” Dr. Dering smiles at her.
“Well, um …”
“Let’s start from the beginning. It was June 21 of this year, right?”
“Yes.”
“And you were …”
“I was si-si-sitting in the passenger s-s-seat …”
“The front passenger seat?”
“Yes. I was sitting in the front passenger seat …”
“Go on.”
She does. She relates the whole story to him as he nods encouragingly and writes on his lined note pad. When she’s done, he starts asking her questions.
“Tell me about your day.”
“My day?”
“Yes, let’s say yesterday. What did you do yesterday?”
She frowns; her eyes flit back and forth as she looks down at the floor, then up at the ceiling. Yesterday, what did she do? She’s not sure. Only a serene blankness fills her mind, refusing to be cluttered with memories.
“What was your sleep like?”
“Oh. I don’t sleep well. The pain keeps me, keeps me up s-s-so it’s hard to f-f-fall asleep. Then I keep, keep waking up.”
“Is it restorative?”
“No. I’m always tired, and I hurt when I get up.”
“Okay. And once you’re up, what do you do. You have breakfast?”
“Yes.”
“And after that?”
She grips her bottom lip. “I check my email.”
“Tell me about that.”
“Well, um, I turn, I turn on the computer, and then I, I read my email.” She pauses, “But I don’t answer right away. I get too tired.”
“Do you read all your emails?”
“Yes. Well, um, no. I kinda s-s-skip the newsletters. They’re too long. I’m s-s-saving them for when I have more, more time.”
“Okay. And after you check your emails, what do you do?”
“I go for a nap. Watch TV.”
“After that?”
She knits her brows, “I have lunch. I’m sup-sup-supposed to exercise. But I can’t do much yet. The physio has me walking for,” she sends her eyes left and right, left and right, “um, for one minute and doing weights without weights. If you know what I mean. I do that most, most days.”
“Exercise is helpful,” he nods. “In your condition, starting with a minute is a good idea. What do you do in the afternoon?”
She is silent for a while as she gazes into her mind, looking for an answer. “I watch TV. Try to answer the emails.”
“So you answered the emails you received yesterday morning in the afternoon?”
“Yeah. Oh. Um, no. I didn’t. I didn’t have a chance. There’s a lot of them. I’ve been working on them.”
“Ten, twenty?”
“Um, three.”
“Hmmm. Did you make dinner after that?”
“No, Jim makes dinner most nights. I used to, but I’m really tired. My right arm gets so-so-sore quickly. And then my head hurts.”
“I understand. After dinner last night, what did you do?”
“I flaked out on the couch and watched TV.”
“What did you watch?”
“Um. I’m not sure,” she drags the last word out. “I was watching one show. But I got thirsty. And then was playing with the cat downstairs. I went back. There was another show on. CSI … maybe … no, it was This is Wonderland. So, so, so I watched that, but my bladder was bothering me. And when I, when I came back a commercial was on, so, so I, um, I flipped to s-s-see if I could f-f-find another show. Jim got mad. I don’t know why. He’s always flipping.
“Anyway, um,” She pauses for a bit. “Anyway, I came back to This is Wonderland. Jim got mad, s-s-said to turn down the volume ‘cause it was too loud. But how could I follow the show otherwise?”
“Mm-hm. You watched TV till you went to bed?”
“Yes. And anyway, Dr. Kale sent me to an audiologist who said my hearing is excellent. So I don’t see what Jim is complaining about.”
“Mm-hm. And you went to bed when?”
She thinks for a moment, “Eleven.”
Jim sits silently through all this, not moving his head, not his hand, not even his eyes. She perceives him on her right; his stillness is distracting. She hears the cars roaring outside the window and footsteps walking down the hall outside the closed office door. The scratch of his pen fills her ears as Dr. Dering scribbles notes on his pad. She smells the faint scent of a familiar aftershave and starts racking her memory for which one it is. Jim doesn’t wear aftershave, it must be his, the doctor’s. She’d tried to get Jim into it when they were first dating, and he humorously went along, but soon he left off putting it on in the morning. And besides, he smelled good all by himself.
Thump. She jumps. Dr. Dering had just put his notepad down on his desk. He leans forward with his hands between his knees and regards her.
“I think you have AS, Akaesman syndrome. You have all the typical signs. Inability to concentrate. Poor memory. Fatigue. Bladder problems. Flat affect. Slow speech. I’m going to send you for an Akaesman scan. I’m working with a radiologist on diagnosing this problem more effectively. He has the best scanner in the city. But I don’t think he’ll find anything. It’s been six months, and we don’t find signs so far away from the initial event. Akaesman almost always leaves within seven days of invasion, after he’s begun what is usually an unstoppable cascading effect. There are exceptions to the seven-day rule.” He sits up, swivels back to his desk, picks up the phone, and calls the radiologist. He speaks for a minute while he fills in a form and then hangs up.

“Okay. I’ve booked you in for December 24. I know it’s the day before Christmas. But it’s a quick test, and I don’t want you to have to wait till late January.” He hands her the form, with all the information on it. She takes it reluctantly.
Dr Dering stands up, reaches out to shake her hand again. She hesitates. She dreads the shoulder pain from shaking hands, but how to say no? It’s kind of obvious she doesn’t have a cold and can’t plead being contagious. She shakes his hand. He shakes Jim’s, and then they all troop out and down to the waiting room, where Dr. Dering leaves them. Jim and she head to the elevator and home in silence.

She’s sitting in another waiting room. Again. This one is packed. Every seat is filled, and it’s a tiny room. And everyone is antsy, not wanting to be in this place, wanting to leave as it’s Christmas Eve. She never knew this place existed before. Jim had dropped her off and then taken off for some last-minute shopping. She was kind of glad she was sitting here instead of shopping. All those stores, all those people, all those decisions, too overwhelming. Most of the time she just wants to run out of the store. Her name’s called, and she follows the technician in. The technician asks her to sit down, and then she injects her with some milky liquid. Ouch. She’s told to go back and wait. She obeys.
She isn’t sure how much time has passed, except she feels hot and in more pain than she thought possible, before she hears her name being called again. With relief, she follows the technician out of the room and into one where a big round machine with a skinny tongue sticking out awaits. She’s told to get onto the skinny tongue. She looks at it, its metal u-shape covered with a thick white cotton sheet. It looks too narrow to fit her frame. How can anyone big fit on that? How can anyone normal size fit? She hitches herself up awkwardly until she’s sitting on the sheet. She swings her legs up and then lies down on the sheet-covered metal tongue, her head at the back of it near the entrance into the machine. It hugs her round The tongue starts sliding her, top-of-head first, toward the big round machine. She can’t see where it’s taking her. Her heart pounds. She’s claustrophobic and fears being swallowed up. But the tongue stops when only the top of her head is in the machine. She can still see out. Not too bad.
The scan commences. She feels hotter, and then cool air rushes in from somewhere. The noise is too loud to ask the technician about that cool air, and then the cool air stops, the scan stops, the tongue moves out. She forgets to ask where the air came from. Before she knows it, she’s standing on the sidewalk on Edward Street, waiting for Jim to pick her up. Snow falls down on her head, her shoulders. She opens her palms to the sky and watches the flakes waft down upon her gloves. She lifts her eyes to the sky and watches the soft breeze raise the Canadian flag flying above her.
Honk.
She jumps and scrambles to grab at the door handle.

They’re back in Dr. Dering’s office, waiting. Again. The lull of Christmas holidays is over; the new year has begun, much to her relief. The receptionist had shown them in this time. The door swings open, and Dr. Dering strides in with a big grin on his face. He’s looking at her as a scientist would a guinea pig. Her heart sinks. His reaction can only mean that the scan was abnormal.
“I want you in my research study,” he points at her. He drops the file on his desk, grabs his chair, swings it round so it faces her, and falls into it. He pulls himself closer to her, puts his hands between his knees, and looks right into her eyes. She tries to hold contact.
“You show signs of AS. The way it works is Akaesman invades you and sets up shop in your brain. Some people are more vulnerable than others. We don’t know why. My theory is that he brushes you physically, and your emotional response provides him with an easier way of entry. What I believe is, is he is attracted to minute electrical currents on your skin that he then uses to enter your body. He rides the nerve conductions up into your brain where he resides, and you can’t resist him. He’s able to set up shop in most people and change them permanently into his image within seven days, and then he leaves because most people don’t resist. A few people though do resist him, whether they realize it or not, and he has to stay. That’s when we still see active signs of him many months later.”
“Who is this Akaesman?” Jim interrupts.
“Ah yes, of course, invasions are a hidden epidemic so you wouldn’t know about him,” he replies as he swivels around to face Jim. “Let me go back a few years …”
Honking outside the window from across wide University Avenue attracts her attention. She’s sitting this time partly facing the window, and she rubbernecks the traffic contretemps outside, before she notices the clouds scudding across the sky, which is so blue and beautiful. Too bad it’s cold. Yet the warm air of summer brings a textural film between them and those happy blue skies; they’re much clearer in the frost of winter. A scrape of a chair brings her attention back to Dr. Dering who’s facing her again. She sits up guiltily and refocuses on him. He’s in mid-sentence. Hopefully, he hasn’t noticed her wandering.
“… You will feel angry and irritated all the time. He heightens your senses so that every pin drop feels like nails on a board. But he dulls your perceptions so that every word seems smothered in water. This paradoxical effect makes you frustrated and deaf to reality. He wants to create a new reality for you. What we want to do is to get him out of you, but we don’t know how. Some people question whether we even want to do that. They’re of the school that he can bring new meaning to your life. So. The next best thing is to help you compensate for any limitations he’s imposed upon you. As I mentioned before, these limitations are an inability to concentrate, to remember, to learn, to feel emotions. They will affect your ability to work or even to function normally. Do you have an independent source of income?”
“Um. I, I have a trust fund my parents left me —”
“Your parents are no longer alive?”
“No. They, they died when I was little. My grandmother … raised me. I, I came into the trust fund when I, um, turned eighteen. I get a s-s-small income from that. And, and the house is-s-s mine. I mean, theirs, but they left it to me when they, when they died.”
“Good. That’ll help you in the fight to come until you’re compensated. The best place for you to go to get help is TARC. There’s a waiting list, four, six months, I think. But it’ll help you the best. The other thing is you’ll need a lawyer because you’ll have to make a claim with the Shadow Court. All ASs are dealt with by them, but it’s complicated. I recommend Mr. Quickley. He’s helped many of my patients before. I’ll send him a medical report, and he’ll take care of the rest. You don’t need to worry about gathering evidence yourself.”
Evidence? AS? TARC? What’s he talking about?
“With an abnormal Angra scan so long after you met Akaesman, it’s a slam dunk for you.”
“What is?”
“The diagnosis of AS. There can be no doubt.”
She stares at him in confusion.
“Akaesman syndrome. They can’t dispute that you have it.”
His words shake her. She’s absorbed that she’s typical yet not typical in some way. She’s absorbed she’s had abnormalities show up on a scan. But … but she has Akaesman syndrome? “AS” he called it. She can hardly grasp the idea. It’s all so unreal, so … so melodramatic. They had a minor incident with wind. That was all. The car hardly moved. How can she be having so many problems? It must be in her mind. Yet he says —
Dr. Dering is holding out some papers to her. She slowly reaches out and takes them. She puts them on her lap.
“I’ll call up and make an appointment for you at TARC. The receptionist will let you know when it is. You keep seeing Dr. Jones and get that physio and acupuncture. They’re good, and what Dr. Jones is doing is helping you. But I want you to call up Mr. Quickley. All the information you need is in those papers, okay?”
“Okay.”
She gets up, papers clutched in her hand. She forgets her coat on the chair next to her. Jim grabs her coat as he stands up. He touches her shoulder, takes the papers from her, hands her her coat. She shrugs it on. They walk side by side down the hall to the elevator and then into the cold blue-sky January day. He takes hold of her hand with his free one; it hurts but it’s comforting. They walk in silence back to the car.
At home, on their street, he lets her out at their front door before driving off to find a parking spot. She ascends the stairs to the red front door and lets herself in. She takes off her coat, hangs it up on the rack, and stands and stares through the empty living room to the silent dining room beyond. It takes her a moment to realize that Smokey hasn’t come to see her. In the past, her cat had always come running when she had heard her open the door, but for the last six months, it’s like she doesn’t exist. Shrugging it off, she makes for the phone on the desk in the dining room. She wheels the desk chair away from the desk, sits down, and picks up the phone. She calls Nance. She calls Charlie. She calls Belinda. And to every one of them she says the same thing: I have Akaesman syndrome. I have to go to TARC, I think it’s rehab. I don’t know what this means. I’m sure I’ll be better soon. They each and all say, “I’ll be over.”
Jim opens the front door after she hangs up on the last phone call.
“I got a meeting to go to. Be back soon,” he calls out, and then he’s gone. She remains in the chair. The cat jumps up on her lap, and she absently strokes her.
A knock on the door. She raises her head, slowly stands up, and drags herself to the door. Nance is standing there with a cake box in her hand, Charlie and Belinda beside her. They had met together to come and console and comfort her, for they can feel her great suffering.
“I brought chocolate cake. I knew you needed some comfort food. Your favourite, eh?” Nance says, offering the cake.
She nods as she receives it into her hands.
Somehow the cake is sliced; everyone holds a fork and a plate with a slice of cake on it as they sit on the forest-green three-seater couch and two black brocaded armchairs, the three friends and her. They eat, forks clinking against plates, teeth occasionally snapping through the moist cake, saying not a word.

~~~*~~~


chapter five
MEETING QUICKLEY
SIX DAYS HAVE gone by. Another cold, crisp, early January Canadian morning. Their small house comforts her with its warmth, protecting her from the outside. Her Palm Tungsten E had arrived in the mail the previous Friday. She’s already calling it her second brain, after spending the weekend learning how to use it, upgrading its Datebk with the latest version, adding a couple of games that she doesn’t play for more than a minute.
One of the first items she put in Datebk was to call Mr. Quickley as Dr. Dering had told her to do. But she seems to be having trouble making a simple phone call. She had found the number in the phone book, but then Smokey wanted to play and she got hungry and she forgot all about making that call.
She spots the phone as she passes by the desk on her way from the kitchen to upstairs. She pauses. Oops, she was supposed to call the lawyer. She sits down, picks up the phone, but can’t find the number amongst the Post-its on the desk. She sighs and pulls out the phone book again from its drawer. Flipping the pages, she finds the number, writes it down on a fresh Post-it note, and dials it.
“Mr. Quickley’s office. How may I help you?”
“Um, yes, Dr. Dering told me to call Mr. Quickley.”
“Yes, we know Dr. Dering. You have Akaesman syndrome?”
“Yes.”
“Did Dr. Dering say it was a complete version or partial?”
“Um, I don’t know.”
“Well, we’ll find that out from his notes,” she pauses, and the sound of paper being flipped comes over the phone. “We have an appointment available tomorrow at 1:00 p.m. for you to meet with Mr. Quickley. Will that do?”
She scrambles to try and remember if she has anything on. She hopes not. “Yes. Tomorrow. January 11. What time?”
“1:00 p.m.”
“1:00 p.m.,” she says as she turns on her Palm, looks at Datebk in confusion, and quickly picks up the pen to jot the time down on the margin of a letter. Later, she painstakingly fills in the Datebk calendar event dialog box.
“Bring all the medical papers you have and any documents you’ve received from the Shadow Court. We will also need to see your Canadian birth certificate or citizenship papers, your SIN, and your income tax filings from the last five years. We’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Yes. Thank you. Um …” The woman hangs up on her. She panics. Had she said 1:00 p.m.? Yes, she’s sure she did. She hopes. And then she suddenly realizes she doesn’t know where to go. She picks up the handset again and punches in the number, apologizes profusely when she hears a hello, and asks for the location and directions.
The next day she’s standing in front of First Canadian Place, as instructed, steam rising from her mouth in fast bursts. Jim had dropped her off and zoomed off. She hugs to her chest a small box with all her papers, which the lawyer had asked her to bring in, and stares at this soaring square of white marble and glass, trying to figure out where to go in. She’s looking into the bank from the corner of King and Bay, but she’s supposed to find an elevator to go up to the forty-fourth floor. This part doesn’t look tall enough to have forty-four floors. Or more. A blast of wind pushes her, and she suddenly races to the nearest door. Pausing in the warmth, she scans for an opening to the rest of the building, but seeing nothing starts wandering past the tellers. Maybe she should’ve walked down the sidewalk to find a door directly into it. She shivers. She sees a clock. Oh-oh. She’s going to be late. She tries to hurry up, but her legs will not go faster. Eventually she finds a bank of elevators and faces a new problem: not all the elevators go to the forty-fourth floor. People click clack around her as they confidently file into elevators going halfway up the building. She feels like a log being buffeted by waves of workers. Suddenly her eyes alight on the brass numbers that encompass her floor number, and she follows their sign.
The elevator is posh, and the speed spins her stomach into knots, her head into a whirlpool.
Ding.
The forty-fourth floor. In no time, she finds herself in a conference room, books on the wall, a magnificent view down King Street, sitting at a table so glossy she can see a dim outline of her face. The grey-haired, square-faced man across from her is wearing a sober grey suit with a solid navy blue tie and crisp white shirt. Cufflinks poke discreetly out from his sleeves. He asks to see her papers, and she slides her box toward him. He skims through them and then asks the same questions that have become so familiar. When, where, what, how. Never why. She’ll never be allowed to forget that morning at this rate. She answers them dutifully.
“This is a straightforward case. We’ll make a statement of claim with the Shadow Court for compensation of a complete Akaesman syndrome. We’ll need expert testimony as to your injuries. Dr. Dering will supply that, but we will also arrange for you to see a neuropsychologist. We’ve used him before in these types of cases, with great success. Sharon, my clerk, will have you sign some papers. We’ll need your consent to look at your medical files and examine your income tax returns for the last five years to prove your income-loss portion of your claim. Sharon will be right in.” He slides his chair out, leaves the box on the table, and walks out. As she waits, she feels questions trying to well themselves up and wishes Jim were here. He’d know what questions to ask; he’d know if this was the right lawyer; he’d know what was happening. She suppresses a sob.
She hears the door open, and Sharon walks by her with a large pile of papers in her hand. “Here we are. Mr. Quickley would like you to sign these blank consent forms. Some are for access to your OHIP records, some for your doctor’s records, some for income tax and other financial information, and some for any other therapists you’ve been seeing, and some just in case. We like you to sign several of them so that you don’t have to come back in when we run out and need more. We’ll fill them in with the date and other information when we need to use them.”
This doesn’t sound too good. She hesitates in taking the pen Sharon is holding out to her.
“It’s standard procedure.”
She takes the pen, pulls the pile closer to her, and begins signing. It’s like an autograph session turned psycho. Soon her hand hurts, her arm becomes sore, and her formerly always neat writing, which has deteriorated since that windy day in June, worsens. She struggles to keep her signature on the line and grips her pen harder. Her signature grows larger, then shrinks, and the pile of papers seems never-ending. At last, she signs the last one, pushes it to the side, and sees wood. She leans back in her chair, exhausted.
“That’s everything then,” Sharon chirps at her. “I’ll call you in a couple of days after I’ve filed the statement of claim. It’s a standard claim, so we won’t need anything more from you to fill it out. If we do, we can call you at this number?” And she rhymes it off.
“Yes, that’s my number …”
“Good then,” Sharon waits for her to stand up and to follow her out the door. They walk one after the other to the reception area, where Sharon opens up the closet where she’d hung up her coat. She reaches in, slides it off the hanger, and holds it out for her. She’s not used to having someone hold her coat so that she can easily thread her arms into the sleeves and shrug it on. It’s rather nice. It hurts much less and is faster than when she’s flailing away at that second sleeve and the coat is hanging heavy off her right shoulder. She pulls the silk scarf out of her pocket and wraps it round her neck. Sharon hands her her hat that she’d placed on the shelf in the closet, and then offers her hand. They shake, and she watches Sharon walk back down the hall as she pulls her gloves out of her other pocket and pulls them on. Through the weighty glass doors, she pushes and heads toward the elevator bank and home.

True to her word, Sharon calls her in a couple of days. “I’ve filed the statement of claim,” she tells her.
“Thank you. Um, so, so what happens now?”
“The Shadow Court has twenty-one days to respond. They can file an outright acceptance of the claim. They can file a partial defence, meaning that they accept part of the claim, for example, the income part. Or they can file a full defence. They usually file an outright acceptance, and then we negotiate the amounts we need for medical and income loss plus pain and suffering. Or more usually they first send you to one of their registered treatment providers for a standard course of treatment while paying you a stipend. I believe though …,” she hears paper rustling. “Yes, I believe you’re already going to one of their registered providers, the Haoma Therapy Clinic. So it’ll just be a matter of them agreeing to pay for the treatment you’ve received already and future treatments. The pain and suffering portion has been capped by the Supreme Court, so we base it on the worst possible injury receiving the maximum amount and depreciate it from there. Now, this does take a bit of time, but I see here you have a small trust fund income. That should tide you over until we finalize the settlement.”
“I see,” she chews her lip. “What if they file a fu-fu-full defence?”
“Oh, I wouldn’t worry about that. They rarely do, especially with what you told us how there was no Akaesman Patrol before you entered the forest.”
“Oh. I don’t understand.”
“Did Dr. Dering not explain all of this to you?”
“No.” She hears a muffled tut-tut.
“There needs to be a patrol on both sides of where Akaesman has been spotted. The Shadow Courts of North America monitor Akaesman’s movements within each Court’s territory and between their territories. They use miasma radar. It’s designed to detect Akaesman. He lurks in his own time and nothing space and is able to see everyone in all our times and space, but when he’s looking for humans, he leaks some of his self into our time and space, and the radar detects that. It was developed by a Canadian, you know. But getting back to my point, they use this radar to track when he enters North America and where he lands and waits for his next victim so …”
“Next victim?”
“Yes. We believe you are a victim. Remember that. Are you sure Dr. Dering didn’t tell this to you?”
“No. I mean, yes.”
“Well okay. You see Akaesman is a being who derives his energy from dwelling in humans. When he sees a human get close enough, or one he likes, we’re not sure which, he bursts out of his time into ours. Some believe that because the patrols report seeing him in different size when he enters Earth and because the radar can’t detect him once he’s invaded someone that maybe there’s a main body in his own nothing space from which he shoots out satellite bodies into our time, and these bodies reconnect to the main one once they’ve fed on human energy. But back to my point; he feeds off neural energy, the kind of energy created by neurons in your brain. As he feeds, they shrivel up, and the blood flow to them becomes cauterized or shut off. He also changes and grows certain parts of the brain. We’re not sure what his ultimate aim is, but he does change people permanently, especially if they don’t fight for who they really are, we know that. The Shadow Courts were set up when the governments realized that they might be open to exorbitant claims if people found out about this and decided they didn’t like these changes and that the governments could’ve done something to stop them. So these Courts serve to mitigate the damage.
“We’re only now really finding out what he does, and we don’t really understand the full effect of Akaesman syndrome. But that’s more in Dr. Dering’s line of work. What we do here is to get you the treatments and income compensation. We also try to get you something for the pain and suffering you’re going through.”
She doesn’t believe there’s been much pain and suffering, not like when her parents died on Highway 7. It sounds a bit bogus to her, like free money.
“… state and each province has one, and they work together, kind of like NATO, to track him, to let local authorities know when he’s entered their area, and then to protect the public from him. The Akaesman patrols are supposed to set up roadblocks on either side of where Akaesman has settled, but sometimes he’s too quick or they’re too slow. Sometimes he eludes the miasma radar. In all those cases, Akaesman engages with people. And that’s when the Shadow Courts help his victims. They’re set up to process the statements of claim. It’s based on our shared system of common law. So you have to make a claim, but most show typical signs of the syndrome, like you, and claims aren’t a big deal. So don’t worry about it. We’ve been doing this a long time.”
“Oh,” she whispers as she gnaws her lower lip furiously and strives to keep up. A small voice in her head says it’s all too fantastical to be true. “But, but I thought I was-s-s an, an exception.”
“An exception? Oh, you mean because you show active signs months after the invasion? Well, it is true, but one of the things we don’t like to admit is how many people have been invaded. Most people don’t report it, we’re beginning to realize. It’s a hidden epidemic. And we know that because the number of exceptions, of people like you, is large. You are a typical exception.
“Now, the Shadow Courts have listed the accepted treatments and which registered treatment providers may provide them. As I said, Haoma is one of them, and we’ll contact them to have them fill in and send a treatment plan to the Court. The Court will then pay them directly. Any predisposition to Akaesman or previous sickness does not obviate the Shadow Court’s responsibility to the victim.”
“I’ve never been sick,” she says with irritation.
“That’s good then. The Shadow Court hires a lawyer to represent them, and the government has a department that represents Akaesman. The province appoints judges to oversee those cases where the Shadow Court files a partial or full defence and to mediate between the Shadow Court and Akaesman lawyers and the claimant’s lawyers.” She stops.
“Oh.”
“Between Dr. Dering and Mr. Quickley, you’ll be fine in no time. You’re in good hands.”
“Oh. Okay. Thank you.”
“If you have any questions, you can call me.”
“Okay. Thank you.”
She hangs up and stares at the wall behind the desk. Smokey jumps up on her lap, kneading her legs, arching her back. She strokes her absently, and a purr rises up, penetrating her fog and confusion. She looks down at her grey and white striped cat kneading furiously. Her hand stills. Smokey stops kneading and takes short back-and-forth walks across her legs, arching her back to get that stroking going again, looking up at her in slant-eyed bliss. She smiles back.

~~~*~~~


chapter six
TARC
EVER SINCE ITS violent beginning, this experience seems to be all about her waiting for someone. Waiting to see her GP, waiting to see the specialists, waiting for the scan, waiting for the results, waiting to get into TARC — what does it stand for again? Oh it doesn’t matter, something to do with recovery and Toronto. January snows have given way to March slush. She hates how the white recedes into a blackened wall of ice-rock that separates sidewalk from street and how lawns emerge from their white blanket, brownish, soggy, and flattened. Even the trees look dispirited, their naked limbs drooping to the ground. She stands at her sun room window contemplating the tree across the road. Suddenly, Lenny Kravitz’s Supersoul Fighter screams her appointment alarm out of her Palm. Christ! Time to leave for this long-awaited TARC day.
She had mapped out her route beforehand. Take the St Clair streetcar east to Avenue Road and then transfer to the Avenue Road bus. Only problem is the bus is so infrequent what will happen if she misses it? She’ll be late. She hates being late. When Jim drives her, she usually isn’t. When she has to go on her own, the hands on the clocks and watches stand still before rushing forward, and she’s always late. But this time lateness will make her lost. The TARC person who’d visited her and asked her a bunch of questions had instructed her to get to the parking lot of a mini strip mall at Eglinton and Avenue Road for 12:45 p.m. for her ride to their centre. Funny how she’s passed that intersection a gazillion times and can’t remember a strip mall.
Somehow she arrives at the intersection on time. She steps off the bus and puffs along the wet sidewalk under the grey sky to the lights and across to where the Ride Link car is waiting.
Its sides are emblazoned with “The Jenny and Sammy Thrumper Ride Link: TARC Serving You.” “Wow, this is embarrassing,” she thinks as she opens the door and asks the driver if she has the right car. To his yes, she gets in the back seat, sinking into velour, down into springs. Two others arrive after her, climb in like old hands, and then they’re off. They drive along streets lined with solid brick homes, stately trees, and lawns that somehow don’t look so bad in the March melt. They slow before an open gate and drive through it and up to the entrance of a low-slung 1960s-style building of grey-painted concrete block. She heaves herself out and stands for a moment contemplating the letters above the sliding glass doors: “Toronto Akaesman Recovery Centre”: TARC. She moves through the sliding glass doors barely glancing at the others still extricating themselves from seatbelts and seats. A reception counter, perpendicular to the doors, greets her. Solid walls below and glass on top with an open sliding window enclose the counter and the room behind it. The room is filled with filing cabinets. The counter faces mostly empty seats that sit in rows. No one’s there. She stands before it until someone pokes their head out from behind one of the file cabinets and asks if they can help her. She says yes.
She picks up the clipboard pointed out to her and sits down in the front row facing the counter. She skims through the sheets that require endless reading and sighs. Taking the pen out of the clip, she begins writing. Her name, age, birth date, address, phone number, date of meeting Akaesman; GP’s name and address and phone number (she consults her Palm for those); symptoms for the last forty-eight hours.
She flips to the next page.
She scribbles over the now-familiar human outlines where she’s feeling pain.
She flips the page over the top of the clipboard.
She ticks off all the problems that apply. Top of her list is fatigue. She would kill for energy. Fatigue is her constant companion, and she hates it. It’s cost her her weekly coffee outings with Nance, their together time to gossip over cooling cups about the men in their lives, co-workers and musicians, work situations and sillinesses, and that favourite of all Canadian topics: the weather. When she’d bowed out of one more coffee date, Nance had said that they’re such good friends they can keep the friendship going over the phone. But phone calls drain her. She ends up lying on the floor so that she can talk longer, yet she’s still sapped only fifteen minutes into a good conversation. Why do the phone calls have to be so long? Yeah, maybe she talks a lot about her situation, her health, her doctors, and her therapists with Nance and Charlie, her culture bud, and Belinda, her fun friend, but what else is there to talk about? She can hear their impatience with her. But nothing else is happening in her life.
She cocks her head. Well, there was that play Charlie and she went to at the Factory Theatre, the one they’d booked last year and the only one she hadn’t been able to weasel out of this year. It was interminable. And afterwards Charlie had gone on and on about it, enthusiastic about this actor or that scene. She couldn’t remember a thing about it two minutes after it was over. The best part for her was the Häagen-Dazs dark chocolate ice cream bar she licked while standing in a corner of the lobby.
A blast of cool air hits the left side of her face as the sliding doors whoosh open. She looks down at the paper beneath her hand, trying to remember where she is in this endless form filling. The page looks full of ink, and so she flips the page and sees endless lines of consent form text. Her body caves in on itself. She straightens her back, trying to read the words, but they melt into gibberish. Forget it, she decides, signs at the bottom, and then returns the clipboard.
She sits and closes her eyes. Suddenly, she realizes a slim, young woman is standing in front of her.
“Oh, hello, I’m sorry I didn’t catch your name,” she says as she stands up. She’s begun asking people their name whether or not they gave it already. She never understands them the first time. It’s like English has become her tenth language.
“It’s Zenobia.”
She looks blankly at her.
The woman smiles at her sympathetically and speaks slowly, clearly, “It’s unusual I know. It’s spelt Z-E-N-O-B-I-A.”
“Oh … it’s … it’s Zoroastrian, right?”
“Yes. How did you know?”
“My grandmother.”
At Zenobia’s raised eyebrows, she continues, “My grandmother was Zoroastrian, Parsi sh-sh-she said.”
“That’s wonderful! You’re the first fellow Zoroastrian I’ve met in my job. Are you involved in the community? I don’t think I’ve seen you at the Darbe Mehr before?”
“No,” she pauses before continuing. “Grandmother wanted me to integrate into Canadian so-so-society.”
“I can see that. Well, shall we start? My office is this way, down the hall here. We’ll go and get acquainted first.”
They walk down a brightly lit hall with white-painted concrete block walls and blonde wood doors appearing every so often, some open, some closed. Zenobia leads her through an open door, closing it behind her, and then through another door into a smaller room, where black curtains partly cover the window, blocking out the flat daylight. They sit at a faux-mahogany table in the centre of the room across from each other. Boxes with letters on them wait on one side of the table.
She tunes in slowly to what Zenobia is explaining to her: “… you’ll be seeing an OT, occupational therapist, that’s me; a social worker; and a speech therapist. I understand you have fatigue issues, like many of our clients do, and so we’ll be meeting just once a week. But I see from the intake worker’s notes that you’re aware and bright, so this shouldn’t be a problem. Between appointments, you’ll have homework to do. We’ll work with you to ensure you remember to do it, and if you have any questions or concerns about things that come up, please don’t be afraid to bring them up at the next appointment. Okay?”
She nods.
“I’ll be conducting what we call a neuropsych assessment. The speech therapist —”
“Um, why do I need a speech, speech therapist? My s-s-speech is okay. That’s what everyone says.”
“A speech therapist does more than work with speech per se. She also works with communication, both written and verbal, and we think you need some help with that. Why don’t you try it, see how it goes, and if you don’t like it, you can stop. Okay?”
“Okay.”
“Today’s appointment will be longer than usual because I want to complete the assessment in two sessions. Normally though, a regular session will be forty-five minutes long. You’ll start with me and then see the social worker and finish up with the speech therapist. The Ride Link will take you back to where it picked you up at 3:30 p.m. We have it pick you up fifteen minutes after the end of your last appointment so that you have time to put on your coat and finish up anything you’re in the middle of. Do you have any questions?”
“No.”
“If you do, just stop me and ask.”
She follows Zenobia’s hands as she reaches over and pulls one of the blue-grey boxes toward her. The boxes look like something out of one of those 1960’s psychology tests. A neuropsych test she’d said. She wonders if that’s the same as an IQ test.
“This series of tests assesses your verbal and math skills, your comprehension and visual-spatial skills, and yes it does test your IQ, although there is no correlation between your IQ and your functionality. Are you ready to begin?”
She doesn’t think so. “Yes.”
They begin. It looks familiar. She tries to think from where while she’s waiting for Zenobia to write down her scores before going on to the next test. It seems easy to her. Something stirs in her memory, something to do with those psychology labs back in university or was it those IQ tests they did in school. She’s not sure. Even the stories or cartoons Zenobia says are supposed to be new to her, are supposed to test her long-term memory are familiar. Maybe Grandmother told them to her or more likely gave her the books. Grandmother liked English cartoons and Greek myths. Perhaps she should tell Zenobia she knows these stories; that she’s familiar with the cartoons. But they’re moving on to the next test. It probably wouldn’t matter anyway. Her memory is fine. Everyone tells her so. Everyone says how much she remembers about the news, how amazing she is, how much more she knows than they do. That’s probably because they don’t pick up a paper or turn on the radio, and so she can get away with talking about the headlines as if she’d read the whole article. Reading an entire column is a chore, going over the first paragraph again and again. Sometimes she skips to the end to see if that’s any easier. Usually not. Anyway, the articles are too long. Television news is much easier. If she zones out in the middle of a story, she can always flip to another station. They all cover pretty much the same stuff, and they don’t take too long to tell it either. Jim isn’t thrilled with her flipping, and they fight over the remote. Stupid as he flips all the time too. He’s just jealous that she now has control of the remote since she’s pretty much parked on the couch.
The sound of paper being straightened against the table focuses her eyes on Zenobia, who smiles at her and says, “We’re done here for now. Only one more appointment, and we’ll be finished with the assessment. Then we can get started on helping you begin your new life. I’ll take you to see Sunny. She’s your social worker.”
“Thank you.” She gets up and follows her out the door, back down the hall, right into another hall, stopping in front of a closed door.
“Wait here,” Zenobia says as she points to a wooden chair sitting against the wall across from the door. “She’ll come out when she’s ready.”
“Thanks.”
“I’ll see you next week.”
It’s not long before Sunny comes out her door and ushers her into her cramped office. Despite the confined area, she feels safe and free.
“Hi, how are you doing today?” Sunny asks her as she looks directly at her with an encouraging smile.
“Fine, thanks.”
“That’s good.” But she doesn’t look like she buys it. “Let me tell you who I am and what our sessions will be about. I’m a social worker. That means I’ll be answering any questions you may have about what’s happened to you. It also means I’ll be helping you cope and understand everything that’s happened to you and what you’re going through now. I’ll also help you find community services that you may need.
“Now from the notes that Dr. Dering sent, I see you have complete AS. Do you understand what that means for you?”
She shakes her head.
“It means a lot of problems cognitively — you know things like attention and memory — and sometimes physically. Although, I see that you have no trouble walking, and from the notes Dr. Dering sent us not much trouble with balance or proprioception. Haoma is helping you with what issues you have there, which is great. We at TARC are here to help you compensate for the cognitive and social changes. We’ve learnt already that by strengthening the brain and body, but particularly the cognitive functions of concentration, memory, learning, and strategic thinking, we can boost your ability to recover and lead a full life. This is particularly important because we are starting to wonder that if Akaesman cannot change his victim permanently, he might drive them to commit suicide. But we don’t know that for sure. We do know that the stronger you are, the better you will be.
“I also see that the Shadow Court is filing a full defence. As the intake worker told you, we’re covered by OHIP, so we won’t be directly involved in your case. There are other facilities that the Shadow Court uses, but we take OHIP-only cases, and we’ll be working with you for as long as you need our services. The one thing you won’t have to worry about here is the cost. The nice thing about living in Canada is that medicare covers many of your medical expenses.”
Relief relaxes her into the chair. Thank God OHIP covers it. She had known that the government paid through OHIP, but she hadn’t known if it was time limited or not. Perhaps hope does lie at the end of the tunnel. At last, she’s seeing people who look at her as a genuine human being, not as a hypochondriac. The Shadow Court filing a complete defence had thrown her and Mr. Quickley too. He had immediately sent her for an assessment. Doubt surrounds her everywhere but here.
Suddenly the word “your” catches her attention, and she tunes back in to what Sunny is saying: “… lawyer may ask us to provide copies of our notes to him, and we will do so only if you have signed the consent forms. We take confidentiality here seriously.”
Sunny continues to explain what they’ll be doing during their sessions, how they’ll be mostly one-on-one counselling to help her with the social aspects of her experience. “Anything you say here in this room will be confidential. You’re safe here. We work as a team — Zenobia, Rona, and I. We hold team meetings about your progress once a week. That way we can provide you the best possible care. We also encourage family involvement. We find support from family and friends so important to recovery. They too will have questions about the changes they see in you, and we’re here to help them adjust to your changed circumstances and to understand how Akaesman has affected you. We like to set up a family meeting within the first month. Often friends come too because for so many these days friends are their family.”
Sunny pauses and looks at her expectantly.
“I’m not sure,” she says.
“In what way are you not sure?”
“I don’t have any f-f-family except my grandmother,” she pauses. “When I left home, she, she made it clear that now I was an adult … sh-sh-she had her life and I had mine. We meet on special, special occasions like, like birthdays and Christmas, but sh-sh-she’s not involved in my day-to-day life.”
“What about friends?”
“I have three close f-f-friends,” she says carefully. “I don’t know if they’ll, if they’ll come or not. They’re s-s-supportive,” she pauses. “But… ”
“Don’t worry about it. We don’t have to set this up now. Think about it, talk to your friends, see how it goes, okay?”
She nods. Tears wet her corneas, creep to the far edges of her eyes. She sees the Kleenex box on the edge of Sunny’s desk, within easy reach of her hand. But the tears are gone. She’s fine.
“Our time is up for today. I’ll take you to see Rona now. She’s our communications specialist.”
She follows Sunny back to the main hall and then into another wing of the building where she’s handed over to a short, serious-looking woman who leads her into a sun-filled office with a table and two chairs on either side.
“Hello, I’m Rona,” she introduces herself. “I’ll be helping you with your reading and writing, speaking and hearing. I understand from the intake worker that you don’t have obvious speech problems, but I’d like to do a series of tests to determine your exact issues. Alright?”
“Yes,” not like she has any choice in the matter. This is all weird. How can anything be the matter with her speech? Still, she knows something’s not right, and she’s willing to do what it takes to get better. Six weeks of this, she figures, and she’ll be back to normal.
She suddenly realizes that Rona is speaking to her and that she’s supposed to be doing something. She’s so tired, she just wants to lie down. That’s her problem, nothing to do with being unable to listen. She sits up straighter and asks Rona to repeat herself. She hears and follows but registers nothing. It’s like everything she hears, everything she does happens in the moment and then disappears like mist. She battles to stay focused, to obey Rona’s instructions, to break through the dizziness that’s come upon her, and to remember what she’s being asked to do. Her forehead hurts something fierce too; it’s such an unusual headache, right in the front and only within her forehead.
She’s sitting in the waiting room, sitting with her coat on, staring straight ahead, waiting for Ride Link, listening to Sam Roberts’s Brother Down pour into her ears from her gold iPod Mini.

~~~*~~~


chapter seven
FIRED
SHE STRETCHES OUT on the couch, her head lying awkwardly on the feather-filled red-and-green striped throw pillow, too weary to care. She’d woken up happy, hopeful, memories of yesterday’s sessions with the three therapists having sunk in during the night. Something can be done; life will resume. But now, in this time after breakfast, as she digests her cereal and orange juice, fatigue claims its moment, and she’s once again on the couch. She studies the candelabra tree visible through the front window and observes the sleet falling from the sky as if it’s happening on another planet, in another moment. Her eyelids droop.
The phone rings.
Its electronic cadence rings through her head, springs her eyes open, tightens her muscles. The phone rings again. She eases up and sits for a moment on the edge of the couch. The phone rings for the third time, propelling her up and toward it before it goes to voice mail. She picks it up just in time and puffs, “Hello?
“This is Mr. Quickley’s assistant, please hold the line.”
She looks at the handset quizzically: what’s with these important men who can’t make their own calls? They’re too special to wait for her to answer or to leave a message, but it’s okay to make her wait? Who —
“Mr. Quickley here.”
“Hello?”
“I’m calling about your test results from Dr. Oldenbeck, the neuropsychologist. We sent you to see him last month.”
“Yes?”
“I got his oral report today.”
“Yes?”
“The test results indicate no diminishment of your faculties. In fact, you have a superior memory,” Did she detect some detestation in his tone? “And your IQ is at one hundred and twenty, which is not only above average but indicates no problems. For this reason, we are not asking him for a written report, which will cost you more, and we don’t want to increase your expenses unnecessarily. So effective immediately, we will be terminating our services. We will be writing to Dr. Dering as to why he felt it necessary to diagnose you with complete Akaesman syndrome when these tests indicate otherwise, particularly your above-average IQ score, which indicates no loss of energy or power in your brain or loss of function overall. You will be receiving a letter in the mail from us to formally terminate our relationship. I ask that you sign it and return it to us immediately.”
He hangs up.
She stands, staring at the wall behind the desk, stunned. Has this almost year-long ordeal been all in her head? But what about Dr. Jones and his test results or what about what the three therapists said? Or Dr. Dering? He’s supposed to be top in his field. Isn’t he? How will she get better if the Shadow Court doesn’t pay her rising treatment costs? The therapies are draining their bank account, and Jim is getting more and more pissy about it. Her small trust fund income is not enough. They’ll have to dip into their RRSPs, the only savings they have, if she can’t get compensation soon. The government will want its share of course — after all they’ll want those taxes they avoided paying by putting some of their income into those RRSPs — but better that than nothing at all. Even with OHIP paying for TARC, it’s still too much. And now who will represent her?
The dial tone buzzing in her ears finally penetrates her consciousness. She puts the handset back on the cradle as she continues to stare at the wall, questions giving way to a big open space in her mind, going nowhere.

Two loud knocks bring her to her red door two days later. A courier is standing there. He hands her a large cardboard envelope with the courier name all over it and then an electronic device to sign her name. She signs and hands it back.
“Have a nice day,” he says before bounding down the stairs back to his truck.
She closes the door with her foot and pulls at the thread to open the envelope, puzzled as to who sent it. She extracts another envelope, pulls out a letter from it, and standing there near her front door with the weak March sun spilling in through the windows on either side and lighting up the bright white paper embedded with pitch black ink, she reads:
My office received a telephone call today from Dr. Merc Oldenbeck.
Who? What did she read? Who’s Dr. Oldenbeck? She looks at her stereo in annoyance — no wonder she can’t focus — and walks into the living room to flip off Sinéad O’Connor singing No Man’s Woman. She reads the first sentence again and reflects a moment on the words. Suddenly she remembers he’s the guy that the lawyer had said had done the test or phoned him or something.
Dr. Oldenbeck has now had an opportunity to review his raw test data.
She reads the sentence again as the words have sunk out of view of her mind. Finally they stay, and she understands what he’s saying: this Dr. Oldenbeck looked at her test results.
He will not be writing us a report.
She remembers that that’s what Mr. Quickley had said, that he had decided to nix the written report.
Dr. Oldenbeck indicated that none of your scores demonstrated any abnormality. In fact, your memory scores indicated a very superior memory, and your I.Q., at 120, was way above average.
She stops reading, for only the fact of her IQ has stayed in her head. Is it really that high? It doesn’t feel like it. Days go by when she feels like she’s falling into moron status. She’d better read that again.
Dr. Oldenbeck indicated that none of your scores demonstrated any abnormality.
No abnormality? How can that be? Everyone else — her therapists and Dr. Dering and Dr. Jones before him, even the Akaesman patrol — said something had happened. She’d told that tester, that skinny man, that many of those memory tests were familiar, but she wasn’t believed … or maybe she didn’t tell him … she’s not sure now. Maybe it doesn’t matter. This letter makes no sense.
She starts at the top of the paragraph again and continues down to the last sentence, which she reads three times before, at last, the language penetrates into comprehension.
In fact, your memory scores indicated a very superior memory, and your I.Q., at 120, was way above average.
That’s rather emotional language for a legal letter. Guess his IQ ain’t that high. Lawyers seem to really hate it when Jane Blows are smarter than them, if this jackass is anything to go by. Screw him. She continues in the same painstaking three-times-the-charm reading method.
As I indicated to you previously, unless we are able to demonstrate that you have sustained complete Akaesman syndrome as a result of your trip through the forest where the Shadow Court reported that he was last sighted, but not confirmed, the changes you claim to have sustained are unlikely to pass the test required under the prevailing Bill P-1000 Shadow Court legislation. As you know, the syndrome must constitute a ‘significant and permanent impairment of important physical, mental or psychological functioning.’
Under the circumstances, I have no alternative but to request that you provide me with your instructions to discontinue all actions commenced on your behalf, and to close out my file.
To date, our unbilled time amounts to $11,666 and our unbilled disbursements amount to $1,000.66, for a total of $12,666.66. Under the circumstances, I will not be submitting an account for our time, provided that you give me your written instructions to discontinue all actions, now, on a without cost basis.
What the fuck does that mean? Without cost basis? Can’t lawyers use normal words? They use puffed-up jargon crap to make the rest of us think they’re smarter than we are. Well, I’m smarter than him, and he’s pissed about it. Heh heh. She continues reading.
I will be submitting a final account for disbursements once I have Dr. Oldenbeck’s account for the time expended by him and his psychometrist.
Who is this Dr. Oldenbeck anyway? She doesn’t remember meeting a doctor, only some acne-scarred guy she saw in an empty house, probably his parents’ suburban home. Well, they all seem a bit ticked about her IQ, so they must all be dumber than her. And anyway, if she’s so smart, why can’t she understand their jargon? Why does it take her — she looks at her watch — a full hour to read this stupid letter? Some smart person she is. She exhales air out her nostrils and continues reading.
Would you please therefore sign the enclosed duplicate copy of this letter where indicated on page 2, and return it to me immediately in the stamped reply envelope provided for your convenience.
How thoughtful of them. They’re even paying for the stamp and envelope to make it easier to deep-six my life, she thinks.
I will then contact the (numerous) …
“Boy, really rub it in, what a bane on all them lawyers I’ve been,” she grouses to herself.
… Akaesman counsel involved and ask them to agree to go out of the action, now, without costs. Thereafter, I will submit a final account for disbursements and close out my file.
Needless to say, if you wish to discuss the matter with me, please do not hesitate to telephone me at the number above.
I do require your instructions as quickly as possible, and I look forward to hearing from you in the near future. Etc. Etc.
She reads through the whole letter again and then stands there perplexed. That last paragraph, does it mean what she thinks it means? She’s not sure. She understands that the lawyer doesn’t want her as a client, but is he really asking her to give up her claim? That doesn’t make sense. Why would he do that? He doesn’t want another lawyer taking over her case? That’s … weird. She must be reading it wrong. She’ll ask Jim to read it.
“Yes, he’s asking you to give up your claim,” Jim says as he hands her the letter back. He’d read it after they’d eaten dinner.
“Why?” She leaves unsaid the rest of the sentence: why would he want her to give up the claim?
“What does it matter? He does, that’s all. You’re going to have to decide whether to get a new lawyer or not.” He scrapes back his chair.
“What do you think I should do?”
“I don’t know. You have to decide. It’s your life. You need to stop depending on me. You’re too dependent.” He walks out of the room, Smokey following him, the traitor. She hears the television burst on, his feet thud on the coffee table in front of the couch. She looks at their tomato-smeared plates, his crumpled paper napkin lying on the table. She sighs. She has no idea what to do.
She gets herself up from the table and goes over to the phone. She tries Nance first, but reaches her machine instead. She doesn’t leave a message; she has no idea what to say. She sits there wondering whether to try calling Charlie or Belinda. Maybe she just needs some chat time to take her mind off this. She feels like a lead cloak has been draped over her, like cotton wool has been wrapped around her eyes. She wants nothing more than to forget this weight.
“Hey,” Belinda chirps when she answers.
“Hey Belinda,” she replies with her gruffer, slower voice.
“What’s up?”
“Nothing much. I got a letter from my lawyer,” she says dispassionately.
“What’s he say? Is he going to get you tons of money?”
“No, I don’t think anyone gets tons of money from this.”
“That’s too bad. What’s the point, eh?”
“I don’t know. Get better I guess.”
“Oh, you’re fine. You’ll be fine. You’re strong.”
“Yeah, I guess. I don’t f-f-feel too, too strong right now.”
“Hey, speaking of strength, I saw that hunk in the gym again, the guy with the ripped muscles.”
“Oh?”
“Yeah. And I spoke to him! He …”
Her eyes rest on the desktop with its scatter of papers, as she focuses in and out on Belinda’s story, told in one long stream of words, saying uh-huh in the appropriate moments, or at least she hopes they’re the appropriate moments. Belinda doesn’t notice that she isn’t following her, but then most people don’t notice that she barely takes in what they’re saying. So much for her high IQ. Or maybe it is her high IQ that makes her able to fool people so easily.
“… we’re going to meet up tomorrow. Isn’t that great?”
“Uh … yeah.”
“Well, I gotta go. Don’t worry about that lawyer —”
“Yeah, well, he f-f-fired me.”
“He did? That was rude.”
“Yeah. He says, he says my IQ’s too high. He wants me to drop the claim.”
“But then that’s a good thing, right, having a high IQ? That proves you’re fine. It’s not like you’re really injured like those people in wheelchairs and all.”
“But I’m not fine!” Fury rises in her.
“Sure you are! You look the same as ever babe. You need to get on with your life, move forward. That’s all you need. All this talk about Akaesmans and syndromes and Shadow Courts, it’s all silly. Look at you, you’re fine. You’re not like those people who can’t talk or walk or,” her voice drops to a whisper, “have trouble remembering stuff.” She speaks emphatically, “You don’t have memory problems. And you’ve been reading, like, forever. How can you have trouble reading! Don’t believe those doctors. They don’t know what they’re talking about.”
“And the lawyer does?” she retorts.
“Hey, he said what we’re all thinking, eh? It’s time to stop wasting your energy on this stuff. That’s why you’re tired all the time. If you got on with your life you’d be fine. Gotta go babe. Talk to you later.”
She’s listening to a dial tone once again.

~~~*~~~


chapter eight
READING IS A BITCH
ONE YEAR, THREE days. That’s how long it’s been since that wind blew into her life. She can’t believe it’s been a year and counting, that her life has not yet returned to normal, that her hard work at recovery hasn’t borne fruit. Really hard work, she thinks, sitting, waiting at TARC, staring at the now-familiar white-painted concrete block. She hadn’t signed that prick’s letter, but she still doesn’t know what to do about a lawyer. Through sheer inertia and desperation to go back to her old self, she’s continuing her treatments while paradoxically shoving her troubles into the back of her mind. She has her regular weekly back-to-back physio and acupuncture at Haoma Therapy at the beginning of the week, Dr. Jones in the middle of the week, and sessions at TARC at the end of the week. Jim is still driving her to Haoma, but he emanates resentment. Somehow, someway she has to find the energy to go it alone. This is her goal. He’s going away next week, on a business trip he says, some new consulting job. He’s going to be gone for two weeks — or is it three? Regardless, she doesn’t miss him anymore — hasn’t really since early that windy morning last June — and she loses track of how long he’s gone. It’s sinking in that this lack of caring is not normal, not who she used to be, the person who’d miss him so much she counted the days and hours until his return. Well, it doesn’t matter anymore. He’s going to be gone, and she’s going to practice travelling on her own so that when he returns she won’t need him to drive her anywhere. After all, he’s always complaining she’s too dependent. Well, she’ll show him, the —
“… are you?” Oops, she’d missed hearing Zenobia walk up to her.
She smiles, “I’m fine.” Really, she is, considering the physio and acupuncture were particularly taxing this week, and then the session with Dr. Jones was troubling instead of the normal restorative forty-five minutes. He hadn’t used that gizmo she’d grown to like. Instead he’d taught her visualization techniques after using kinesiology techniques to gauge her fear of success. She isn’t afraid of success, he’d discovered. Quite the opposite. Failure was not allowed in Grandmother’s house. Success was tantamount to breathing. She’d told him this, yet he’d looked so surprised when his tests told him that she was not afraid of success. He’d decided then to teach her how to visualize the onion layers covering her fears and to peel them back. Fears she has. She doesn’t want to think about them.
Two days of drowsing on the couch and television watching helped her recover, but now she’s facing over two hours of rehab. She’s not looking forward to the fatigue and the worsening weight on her chest, like an elephant is sitting on it for some extended snoozing.
She follows Zenobia down the halls and through the doors to that faux mahogany table. Her chest being on her mind, she blurts, “My chest hurts all the time. I worry that, that I won’t know if I was having a heart attack. Because it’d f-f-feel the way it does now. How would I tell the difference?”
“Many of my clients complain of chest pain. You’re not alone, and eventually it goes away.”
“What about the other stuff?”
“Other stuff?”
“The, um, the physio and acupuncture. They should help too? So, so, so how come there’s no change yet?”
“They should. I’m sure it’s just a matter of time. They know best how to manage the physical aspects of your symptoms. Unfortunately, we don’t do that here.”
“Oh.” After a year of becoming used to her mind’s slower than frozen molasses processing of information, she expects she’ll absorb and have a response to that in forty-eight hours. Sunday. She can look forward to a good cry then; that’s normally her first response.
“So tell me about good things that have happened to you this week. Name one thing.”
“One?”
“Yes, one. I’m sure one good thing has happened. It’s a beautiful June day, the sky is blue. That’s one good thing, right?”
“I guess.”
“How about another?”
She stares out the window behind Zenobia and ponders the blue sky. Well, that is one good thing. She loves Canadian blue skies, so intense, so happy, so, well, so blue.
Zenobia’s voice interrupts her thoughts, “How about dinner? Or your cat?”
“My cat? Oh yeah, my cat.” She smiles as she thinks of her cat. “Smokey’s become more of a dog these days. She plays with her claws in now. It’s great not to be s-s-scratched so often. My skin gets all red and itchy for some, some weird reason when she does.”
“Well, that is good news. I’m really happy for you. Yay you.”
This is a bit over the top, but then she likes Zenobia’s cheerleading. It’s the one thing she looks forward to all week. No matter how hard her days have been, like this week, or how much others doubt her, she’ll have forty-five minutes with a person who’s cheering for her, who believes her and in her.
“Today, we’re going to discuss reading strategies. I know how important reading is to you. Remember we discussed that one of your goals would be to return to reading a fantasy novel a day?”
“Yes. But my reading isn’t all that bad …”
“Remember how testing showed that you don’t retain new material that you’ve read and you’re self-reporting that you read the same page over and over again and forget who the characters are and what they’re doing? And I’ve noticed you no longer have a book with you when you come.”
“But I’ve been reading all my life.”
“We don’t know why reading has become so difficult for you. But we know that here, today, it is. And we need to deal with that, okay?”
“Okay.”
“Great. I’m going to go over a number of reading strategies with you. You can experiment with all of them and see which ones work best for you. Sometimes they’ll all work, sometimes only one or two will work. You’ll be the best judge of which ones work for you.” Zenobia picks up a stapled pile of papers and hands them to her. “These explain the different strategies. Take these home to remind you of what we’ll talk about here.”
She glances at the top page filled with photocopied black text on whitish paper. Her eyes bounce off the letters like they have force fields protecting them from her. She pushes the pile to her left and refocuses on Zenobia.
“As we discussed before about any task, the first thing we’ll do is set a SMART goal. Tell me again what a SMART goal is?”
“It’s specific … measurable, um … attainable, relevant, and,” she pauses and looks up to her right then back at Zenobia. “Timely!”
“Right! That’s great. So we’ll set a SMART goal for your reading. Tell me about a book you read before you developed AS.”
“I was reading that biography on Sue Rodriguez, the woman who wanted to have s-s-someone kill her because she’d developed that, that thing.” She pauses. “ALS.”
“Okay. Let’s read that book. The reason we’re choosing that one is because you read it before, so you’re familiar with it. It’ll be easier for you to read it, and we want you to succeed. This will increase your chances of success.”
She nods.
“But we’re not going to have you read it all at once. We’ll set a SMART goal for your daily reading, something specific. How about a page?”
“A page?” she replies disbelievingly. A page? Who reads just a page in a whole day?
“A page is specific and measurable and most importantly it’s attainable. Remember we want you to succeed, right?”
She sighs, “Right.”
“To help you with this, I’ll go over a number of strategies we’ve found successful. The first one is to use Post-its or those little Post-it flags. Put one at the end of a line you want to remember. You can use different coloured ones. For example, pink is for a character or blue is for a specific situation. The second idea is to highlight. Highlight words or phrases that you want to remember and retain. Again you can use different coloured highlighters for different concepts. But at this moment, let’s stick to one colour. It’ll be easier for you to follow. The next strategy is to underline. If you don’t have a highlighter or you find it too distracting, underline the important words or phrases. Alternatively, you can use both underlining and highlighting. Maybe underline names only, and highlight concepts or facts. Next write notes in the margins next to the paragraphs that you want to remember. And also take notes in a notebook.”
Geez, this is starting to sound like university. She’s supposed to do this for everything she reads? She can’t believe it.
“… are?”
“What?”
“Tell me what those strategies are I went over?”
“First I highlight. I also underline character names.”
“What else?”
She stares at her for a moment as Zenobia waits. University, what did she do in university? She chews her lip. Oh right. “Write notes in the margins, and stick, stick Post-its on the pages to reinforce what I want to remember.”
“Good! One last one we find particularly useful is to cover off what you’re not reading. Take a blank piece of paper or piece of cardboard, and use it to cover the text that you’re not reading. Rona will go over this again with you and will show you specific examples with a book or magazine or newspaper. What I want to do is to alert you to these strategies, and then when Rona discusses them with you today, you’ll remember them better.
“I want you to experiment with these strategies when you read the book we discussed until you find which ones work best for you, okay?”
She nods and grasps her lower lip with her upper teeth.
“And lastly when you get to the end of the first page, go over in your mind, without looking at the page, what you’ve read. Even better, write down what you remember. Tell me again what book it is you’ll be reading?”
Good question. Something she’d been reading before, before all this happened. Oh yeah. “That Sue Rodriguez biography.”
“And what’s the SMART goal?”
“To read one page per day.”
“Is that goal specific?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“It’s to read a particular book and only one page.”
“Is it measurable?”
“Yes. Because I can see if I’ve read a whole page or not.”
“In what way is it relevant?”
“I want to read properly,” she pauses. “This will help me get there?”
“That’s right! And is it timely?”
“I’m not sure. I guess it’s timely because I want to read now.”
Zenobia smiles from ear to ear, revealing her even white teeth. “That’s so great! You have it down. I want you to start practicing tomorrow, and next week we’ll talk about your progress. I’ll take you to Sunny now.”
She schleps after Zenobia to Sunny’s office.

The next day while Jim is shopping for groceries with the Saturday hordes, she sits on her couch that faces the large front window that looks through her sun room to the sunny day outside. The Sue Rodriguez book lies on her lap closed; Smokey is curled up beside her; and the manual of strategies sits on the coffee table in front of her. She glances at the top page, but all those words are too much. She knows what Zenobia told her. She remembers the covering-off part because it was so novel to her, but then realizes she doesn’t have a blank piece of paper. She sets the book down on the dark green brocade of the couch and goes to the desk in the dining room to take one out of the printer. She walks back, sits down, picks up her book, flips to the first page, folds the piece of paper in half, and sticks it in the fold of the book. She has her tape of little Post-its on the table in front of her and a highlighter and pen in her lap. And then she remembers Rona telling her to time herself, to begin with setting a timer for five minutes. It seems like an awful long time, and she doesn’t have a timer with her. Sighing, she gets up again, setting everything on her lap back on the couch; Smokey finally fed up with her jumps down to the floor and trots to the sun room and her favourite chair. The western sun isn’t directly on it yet, but the chair is still warm.
Back with the kitchen timer, she doesn’t notice Smokey has gone. She resettles herself on the couch, opens the book, sets the timer to five minutes, and starts reading page one. It’s familiar, yet she reads the first sentence three times before she gets going as if she hadn’t read it before. Her reading is like a stuttering engine that needs some warm-up time before it can roar to life. She underlines the character names as they appear. She sticks a Post-it next to the first paragraph. She highlights a fact and writes a short note in the margin. She picks up her notebook and jots down the main point of the first paragraph. The timer dings, and she closes the book with relief. She’d made it to the bottom of the first page, and she’s exhausted. Her forehead has that headache, the one that comes on whenever she uses her brain, and she wants a nap badly. The headache should go away now she’s stopped reading, but the fatigue will be with her the rest of the day. There’s no quick recovery from that. Zenobia was right to set one page as a goal. She exhales loudly.
She looks at her watch, at the timer. Five minutes. It took her five minutes to read one page? How can that be? She hasn’t taken five minutes to read a full page, never mind the short first page of a book, since, well, since forever. She picks up her notebook to see one word written: “Sue.” She stares at it. She’d written more. She’s sure she had written more. She drops it back on the table and throws herself against the back of the couch.
Smokey snorts in her chair; a car door slams outside.
Sighing, she sits up. She’s supposed to recall what she’d read. This should be easy. She looks inward, searching her thoughts, her memories. There’s that guy sweeping the empty cavern of her mind, nothing but blank walls and floor, and a poor view of all the ideas and thoughts hovering outside, beyond reach. She ponders this empty space for a while, hoping the page will pop up into view, the way pages used to. She’s got nothing.
Fury rises like a hot tide in her chest and face and blasts out her arms as she picks up the book with both hands and slams it against the table, once, twice, thrice. She hurls the book with her right arm, and it lands with a soft thump in the big armchair. Damn. Her shoulder, her bad shoulder. She massages it, then suddenly gets up and screams. She yells and yells and yells. She strides across the floor to the dining room, her anger energizing her, then back past the couch to the front door. The floor space is not big enough for her frustration. How can this happen? She’s been reading all her life for God’s sake. Why did this happen? It can’t be; it’s just so silly, so melodramatic, so ridiculous. Why did Jim drive along that road? Why did he not turn around like she’d asked? What had gotten into him? It’s all that stupid camping trip’s fault, those stupid buddies with their stupid anti-female attitudes. This cannot be happening! She’s supposed to be writing songs, supposed to be publishing, supposed to be working with that manager she’s now had to put on hold, not sitting here doing these stupid strategies that don’t work. She doesn’t remember a thing. Not. A. Thing.
Tears spring into her eyes; breath catches in her throat. How can she not remember? She leans over, clutching her legs, fighting against the sobs. She’d read the stupid book before. She’d never forgotten a book she’d read before. That had been her problem: she couldn’t reread books because she had always remembered them from the moment she’d read the first sentence. She’d always remembered them. She sinks to the floor and hugs her legs to her chest. And now she can’t remember one page seconds after reading it. One page. She pulls her body up and then slowly back till she’s stretched out on the oak wood floor, staring up at the white ceiling, arms flung out, legs straight. One page. She closes her eyes. One page. And she doesn’t remember it.

~~~*~~~


chapter nine
IMPATIENCE AND TREACHERY
SEPTEMBER SUN SATURATES the conference room, its light bouncing off the walls. She sits facing out the windows, languidly moving her chair from side to side, seeing the parking lot and beyond it a community of trees in the backyards that rim TARC with their forest-green, coppery, and chartreuse leaves. It’s group meeting day, when her three therapists meet all together with her once every six months to review her progress. She’s hopeful. Soon she will begin a true new year; she’ll be discharged to return to her life. She’s worked hard; done the homework they’d asked her to; persevered with her reading these last three months, improving steadily, working up to reading two pages a day until she’d finished that Sue Rodriguez book yesterday, determined to return to her old life soon. She’s ready. No more therapies; no more lawyers. She hasn’t yet found a new lawyer to replace Mr. Quickley, but the way things are going, maybe she can drop the suit after all.
Someone clears her throat, and she snaps her focus back to the three opposite her. Their faces are in shadow; the sun encircles their heads and shoulders.
Zenobia clears her throat again, leans toward her, and begins: “As we discussed with you last week, we wanted to have a group meeting with you. We do this with all our clients as a way to discuss global issues and to mark your progress. We like to hold them every few months. We do meet as a team every Monday, but today you’re included in that meeting. Do you have any questions before we begin?”
“No.”
“Okay. What I thought we’d do is go over individually your progress and then discuss the one issue we all see. I’ll begin. You did really well on your initial neuropsych assessments. You ranked higher than average, yet you showed on our functional assessments that you have difficulties, particularly with the speed of your processing, which is typical of AS. We discussed your goals, things like grooming and cooking and cleaning and job goals. We discussed how to set up a SMART goal and also how to set up goal sheets for each task that you want to do. You told me that cooking is important to you, that you had done most of the cooking before, and you wanted to return to that. So we set up a goal where the target is to cook once a week, but we did a +2 and -2 for that goal so you could chart your progress towards it. You did very well on learning how to set both SMART goals and how to mark your progress towards a goal. We also went over various compensating strategies like pacing to manage your fatigue and reading strategies to help you read and comprehend. We gave you materials to take home with you so you’d have something to refer to if you forgot.
“Fatigue continues to be a big concern for you. I know how tired you get after your day here, and we looked at how to make that easier for you. I’m so proud of how you’ve quickly picked up on ways to recover your energy, like exercise and stretching. You’ve done super well with your deep breathing and the meditation tapes I gave you. And a nap always works. We all agree that you have worked hard and have done extraordinarily well. You’re improving faster than our typical client,” she says as she looks at her colleagues. They nod in unison. “And we’re hopeful in your continued improvement. I know you can do it!
“As you know the goal is to help you get strong enough to recover from Akaesman and to compensate for his presence. At the time of diagnosis, we couldn’t predict precisely how he’d affect you — the methods he chooses vary from person to person — and we don’t know even now. But we do know it’s diffuse, impacting on all parts of your life, and our goal is to help you recover and start a new life. A different one from the one now, but one you’ll like and enjoy.”
Like and enjoy? She doesn’t think so. She wants her old life back. That was the point, wasn’t it? Frustration licks at the edges of her hope. She nods anyway.
“I’ll ask Rona to speak now about those reading strategies.”
Rona glances at the open file in front of her. “I picked up from where Zenobia began with your reading strategies. Your primary difficulty is being able to read. Writing isn’t difficult for you. As we discussed, this is because it’s an emitting form of communication. You put out what is already in your head. But reading is receptive. Like listening, to do it you have to pay attention to what you’re receiving, retain it, move it into long-term memory, process it, learn from it, and produce new ideas. You have difficulties too with listening, but reading remains your primary concern. So with that in mind, we went over the reading strategies that Zenobia taught you to ensure you’d absorbed and processed them. We’re pleased to hear that you have finished reading the book you chose. Last week, in anticipation of this day, we went over strategies on how to choose a new book. We talked about its length, how a short one is more doable for you than a long one. We discussed how already-read material will be easier to read than new material. I know you wanted to move on to new material, but as we discussed, familiar material will give you a greater chance at success. We are about success here. Success will give you the confidence to try increasingly more difficult tasks and reading materials.
“We also discussed the complexity of the material. You’re used to reading complex books, literary novels. But we’re starting from scratch,” she pauses to look right at her. “You agreed that something simpler would allow you to succeed. To that end, we also went over the kind of media you’ll be reading from, whether typed, audio, or on the computer. We did try to have you listen to audiobooks for when you’re on the bus, but that didn’t go well. So now you listen to music.” She pauses and glances down at her file.
“We discussed the sequence of tasks and the order of tasks to help you prep for reading. You mentioned that you like to light a candle, choose a time of day when your cat is generally asleep, the street is quiet, and your fiancé is at work. We went over the reading strategies that worked for you and the ones that didn’t. Your favourite was covering off the text you’re not reading. That allowed you not to be distracted by other words, and you could stay focused on the words you’re actually reading. Another one you liked was taking notes or writing notes in the margins. Sometimes though, you just want to read, and we discussed how to decide which material is for reading only when it doesn’t matter if you remember further back than a page. Finally, we discussed interest level. It’s so important to your success that you read material that you find interesting. You find it hard to engage in the world around you and in material you read, so if it’s boring, it will be that much harder for you to read it. And one last thing we discussed is your energy level. You found it impossible to read when your energy is low. Zenobia talked to you about strategies for keeping your energy levels up or for recovering from fatiguing activities. You found those helped you in recovering from your reading sessions and allowed you to keep reading each day. That’s where we’re at now.” She closes her file and clasps her hands on top of it.
Zenobia turns to Sunny, “Sunny, you have a few words to say.”
“Yes. I agree with Zenobia, you’ve done a remarkable job on your recovery.”
She lowers her head and contemplates the table top. She wants this to stop, but Sunny continues, “It’s been difficult for you with no family support and not having your grandmother be a part of your life. We’ve noticed that in the last twenty years families have generally become less supportive. We don’t know why that is exactly, but you’ve done very well in spite of it. We would’ve liked to have had a family meeting with your fiancé Jim, your grandmother, or your friends, but you’ve indicated that that’s not possible. We want to urge you to reconsider. Speak to them; they may surprise you and say yes. People like being part of the recovery process, and coming here helps them understand what you’re going through. We find that improvement speeds up after such meetings. With family and friends to back you, you will be able to start your new life that much sooner.”
Each word penetrates her like a dart. She doesn’t want a new life. She liked her old one. She grinds her teeth. She looks up to see Sunny looking at her, waiting for a response.
“I’ll try.”
“Okay,” she nods gently, encouragingly. “We talked also about unpacking the boxes of your new life. Remember how we did that?” she asks softly.
“Yes.” She remembers. She’d hated that day. She had held in her rocketing emotions until she’d gotten off the streetcar and had started walking home. By the time she’d walked in, she was crying like a roaring waterfall. When Jim had come home, he’d unexpectedly hugged her and then without a word cooked dinner and cleaned up.
Sunny is talking again. “… hard this has been for you, thinking about exploring a new you, a new way of being and doing in the world. And this is what we wanted to talk to you about today.” The three sit up a little straighter; all focus on her.
She adjusts herself and her chair too.
“You see, we’re concerned that you’re not accepting what’s happened to you. Akaesman happened over a year ago. Since then, you’ve been struggling with personality changes and typical problems like motivation and initiation deficits, greater fatigue, difficulty reading and playing your music, and especially writing songs. You’ve worked very hard, very hard to improve, but we’re concerned that you think all this will be over in a month, that you’ll be able to go home and return to your old life. That’s not going to happen. This is a long process. It takes years to recover. And the changes are permanent. You’ve just started. And we’re worried that your non-acceptance will lead to a big disappointment. Your expectations of your therapy here cannot be met.” Sunny pauses.
“We need you to accept this so that you can continue to move forward in your recovery. We’ve discussed various ways of helping you accept your AS, and we believe that the best way for you, since you have trouble talking directly to your family and friends, is for you to write an email to them all. Writing it will make it concrete and will help you see how far you’ve come. It will tell the ones who matter most to you what’s happened to help them understand what you’re going through. We’ve often found writing is effective in helping people accept this big change in their life. What do you think?”
She thinks it sucks. She’s supposed to be discharged soon. But instead it sounds like therapy will continue for weeks, maybe months longer. Her face becomes rigid. She’s done everything they asked her to: how is that not acceptance?
“Okay, I guess.”
“What are your concerns?”
“How am I not accepting?” She tries not to snap.
“Remember how we discussed unpacking those boxes?”
“Yes. You said, you said they would be like a way, a way to see what this life will offer.”
“Right. Have you started unpacking those boxes?”
“No. I like the old me. I have s-s-songs to write, though they se-seem to have left my head this past year. I have a marriage to plan and a house to f-f-finish renovating. It’s been too long already.”
“How are your marriage plans coming?”
“Well, they’re on hold, you know, there hasn’t, well, there hasn’t been much time to plan,” she sucks in her lips and squeezes them together, hard pain erupting as she does so. She tries to push out of her mind the rising memory of the fight that Jim had had with her last April, about how they had no money anymore to hold a wedding, how she’d expected him to do all the planning work while also ferrying her to all her appointments, how all her so-called therapies had eaten up their wedding budget, how they should put the whole thing off until she’d decided what she wanted to do with her life. She’d almost forgotten that fight had happened, had told no one about it. But now Sunny’s question brings it back into her memory, where she doesn’t want it to be.
She can’t stand the look of concern on their faces.
Frustration burns her chest.
“This could be a really exciting opportunity for you,” Sunny says. “Writing an email to all of them will allow you to express yourself without the expectations surrounding a personal one-on-one discussion,” she urges. “You can tell your friends and your grandmother all that’s occurred during this past year. Think of it as a Christmas letter. Everyone does one of those. You can share with them your difficulties and how you’ve overcome them. This is your chance to teach them everything you’ve learnt about Akaesman and recovery. Think how exciting it will be to finally sit down and tell them everything.”
“That doesn’t sound so bad,” she thinks as she unlocks her lips. Maybe this way she’ll finally be able to get them to hear her. Yeah, she can do this.
“Okay. Yeah, okay. I can do this.”
They all sit back and smile.
“How do I begin?”
“Well, you know a lot already about Akaesman. You can start with describing that morning you first met him and how you didn’t know what had happened until you met Dr. Dering. You can then describe some of the typical symptoms and how you exhibit most of them. Talk about yourself. Talk about all the great improvements you’ve made. You could even include links to the TARC website so that they can learn more.”
She nods, “I can do that.”
She starts that very day, she’s so excited. Well, excited might be too strong a word, but she’s definitely up. It’s slow going. September ticks away and October arrives as she labours over each sentence and each paragraph, as she searches painstakingly for links on the Internet to TARC and other websites that talk about Akaesman. Every week, she reviews her progress with Rona and Sunny. November clouds roll in, yet she’s no closer to finishing the email. She’s writing it in WordPerfect, for she fears her email program will ditch it behind her back. She struggles to come up with the right words, to keep all the information straight in her head. Meanwhile, Jim becomes more and more short with her. He’s increasingly away most weeks of the month. His PR business has taken off, and he’s finding clients all over the country. One mid-November day, the thought drops in her head, as she hears him packing upstairs, that his partners don’t travel as much.
The wind is howling outside, dragging water-laden greyness across the sky. The humming noise of the computer fan bothers her, and she badly wants to shut it down. But she’s almost finished her email letter. She even dares to think she’s near the end, will soon be able to hit that send key. She hears Jim coming out of the bedroom; his clumping down the stairs annoys her. How can she concentrate between that and the computer fan?
“My taxi will be here soon,” he says to her profile.
“Okay,” she continues to type.
“I’ll be gone for a week.”
“Okay,” she pauses as she thinks about this last paragraph. There’s something missing.
“Don’t forget to feed the cat.”
At this she turns around and faces him, “I won’t forget.”
“You forgot last time.”
“I did not.” Irritation nibbles at her.
“And she had no water when I got back.”
“I put a reminder in my Palm to keep her water bowl full,” she snaps.
“That thing only makes your memory worse. If you were forced to use your memory, it would get better.”
Fury fills her. “It doesn’t make it worse. It makes it better. And what do you know about memory anyway? It’s not like you remember to call me when you get to wherever you’re going.”
“I can’t afford to. The cell charges are high. I told you to stop depending on me.”
“Asking you to call me is not depending on you. And you know it.”
“You depend on me for everything. You don’t do anything around here. Look at this mess,” he exclaims as he sweeps his arm in an arc that encompasses the desk with its fan of papers and the dining room table with its dishes on top. “There are still glasses on the coffee table.”
“You could put them in the dishwasher too, you know. You don’t have to wait for me to do it. And I told you, I’m really tired.”
“You don’t look tired.”
“I’ve been working on this email for two months. Who works on a fucking email for two months?”
“You have —”
Honk honk. The taxi has arrived. He throws her a contemptuous look before striding toward the door, grabbing his jacket on his way past the coat rack, flinging the door open, and slamming it shut behind him. She returns his look at the closed door before turning back to her computer to finish the stupid email. The quiet of the house soothes her, and an hour later, she’s methodically pasting all her friends’ email addresses, her grandmother’s address (she hesitates over that one then suddenly copies it in), and old acquaintances into the TO and CC lines of the email. She goes over the addresses once, then again. And again until she’s satisfied that she’s copied them all in. She copies her letter from WordPerfect into the message area and types in the subject line “Akaesman Syndrome: A Story,” a line she and Rona had come up with. Her finger hovers over the send key. Suddenly, she pokes it; then hugs herself. It’s done.

~~~*~~~


chapter ten
HOW LONG WILL SHE HUNT?
“I’M LEAVING.”
The words bring her up short in the living room. Jim had just walked in the front door from his week-long trip and set down his suitcase when he’d pronounced those words. She stares at the tableau of man and suitcase in front of the shut Chinese-red door that they had painted together. The music beating out of the stereo fades out of her hearing.
“You’re leaving?”
“Yes. I’m going to get my things and go. I have a place to stay. And turn that down.”
“You just got back.”
“I’m leaving.” He takes a step forward, hesitates, then brushes past her. He bounds up the stairs to the tiny upper hall and disappears right, through the bedroom door. She hears his footsteps thump to the closet. She follows him up the stairs and into the bedroom. He’s hauling his suits, hangers and all, out of the closet and putting them on the bed.
“Why?”
“This isn’t working.”
“What do you mean?”
“You, us. We’re not working. You’re not the person you were. You’re not the person I became engaged to.”
“I’m still me.”
“No you’re not, and you’re not going anywhere. I don’t know about all this Akaesman stuff. I think you’re using it as an excuse to depend on me and not get a job. You’re keeping me from doing mine. I won’t live with someone who won’t pull her weight.”
“But I do. I mean. I mean, I will get back to it. I had a job. I loved my job. My songs were selling. I just have to get better.”
“You’re not getting better!”
He retrieves the large suitcase from under the bed, smacks it on top of the bed, which bounces from the impact, turns one-hundred-and-eighty degrees, and grabs his T-shirts from the white plastic-coated wire shelves screwed into the pink-and-white flower-patterned wall next to the closet.
“But I am. They said so. I’m seeing so-so-so many people. How can I not be getting better?” she asks with no prosody in her voice; she doesn’t notice the strangeness of no inflections, no intonations, no emotion in her voice. It’s as if she’s talking about the most boring subject in the world.
“I’m not getting any help. Where’s your grandmother, eh? Have you seen her this past year? Does she even know or care? She expects me to do all the work. Now she can find out how hard it is to look after you. Maybe you’ll be better with me gone. You’ll have no choice but to get on with your life.”
“I am better. I know I’m not the same. But I will be. I, I am improving.”
He continues packing in silence.
“Answer me,” she screams in her head. “I’ve been working so hard. I need you,” she hollers in the cavern of her skull. “Why is it so wrong to need you, need people, need my friends to understand, need my grandmother? Why is being busy such a virtue and supporting me such a vice? Why do I only have value if I can earn money?” she wants to ask. Instead, she says out loud, “I don’t understand.”
He looks up and right at her, “I’m leaving, that’s all you need to know.” He opens the top dresser drawer, sweeps up all his underwear and neatly folded socks with both hands, dumps them on top of his shirts and sweaters, flips down the top of the suitcase, brusquely zips it closed, grabs the handle with one hand, picks up the hangers holding his suits with the other, and says, “I’ll be back later to get the rest of my things, my books and photos. My camera and laptop are still in the car. I’ll send you an email when.” He pushes past her in the tight space and jogs down the stairs. “And don’t forget to feed and water the cat! You’re going to kill it if you keep forgetting!”
By the time she gets downstairs, all she sees is the red door closing, as the Philosopher Kings’s Castles in the Sand sings to a close on the stereo. She stands frozen, blinking rapidly at the closed door. Smokey pads up behind her and twines around her legs until she picks her up. She purrs in her arms.
Suddenly hating the loud music, she snaps it off. She heads to her desk. Upset wells up into her numb heart as Smokey struggles to jump down. She lets go and picks up the phone.
“Nance, he left.”
“I know. He told me last week before he left on his business trip that he was going to leave.”
“How could he?” Suddenly grief, confusion sweep through her. She falls into the desk chair. She hiccups a sob. She fights to retain control of her voice.
“This is for the best. You have to let him go because he knows what he wants.”
“What do you mean I have to?” she sniffles.
“You can’t hang on to him.”
“Wait, I don’t get it, how did you know before I called?”
“This is for the best. You may not feel it now, but it is. You’re better off without him.”
Her mouth trembles, she tries to speak, but she weeps instead.
“He’s no good for you. If he was, he’d stay,” Nance says, trying to comfort her. But she doesn’t hear the comfort. Nance softens her tone, speaks gently about how she’ll get through this. She struggles to regain control; she hears clicking as Nance resumes her typing. She’d called her at work, it is the middle of the week, the middle of November, when most people are working, earning. She cries harder, all control lost.
“You’re better off without him,” Nance repeats. “You can focus on your own healing now. And think about this, he won’t be around to nag you anymore. How great is that? If you want to keep the newspapers on the table all day, you can. If you want to spend your trust fund money on some strange therapy like acupuncture, you can. You’ll have more energy not trying to please him. You’re a people pleaser like me. We have to make ourselves look after ourselves. This is good for you. You’ll see.”
She doesn’t see, but suddenly her tears dry up. She’s in neutral. She’s calm. She wipes her eyes and face with her fingers. “Thanks Nance. I f-f-feel better now. I’d better let you go.”
“Call me anytime, okay?”
“Okay.”
Her need to talk hasn’t gone away though. That need to know her own mind, not the mind of the one in her, urges her on to dial another number.
“You got Charlie,” he says as he answers the phone. She can hear traffic noises in the background.
“Hi Charlie.”
“Hey! How you doin’?”
“Not too good.”
“What’s happened?”
“Jim left.”
“Yeah, sorry ‘bout that, he told me what he was planning, said to keep an eye on you.”
“He did?”
“Yeah, a couple weeks ago. We went out for a drink; he said he needed to talk to someone about you. You’ve not been easy to live with this past year, you know. You can’t expect a guy to put up with all this nonsense for that long.”
“Nonsense?”
“You’ve changed, you know. We’ve all had to adjust, but you know, he’s the one closest to you, and he knows you best. If he says you’re not helping yourself, you’re depending on him too much, I gotta trust him. He was telling me ‘bout how his clients notice if he’s having to look after you instead of doing his job, and they’re not happy ‘bout that. And he told me how you haven’t been paying the bills. You can’t do that to a guy’s credit rating.”
She opens her mouth. He chatters on, “Yeah, I know this is rough, kind of sudden and all, but you know, you didn’t miss him when he was gone and all. You acted like he was a piece of furniture who cooked and cleaned and brought home the bacon. You can’t marry a guy if you don’t love him, you know. You gotta know that.”
“I love him.”
“Sorry, I gotta disagree with you on that. I respect you and all, but you don’t love him. Look, there’s nothing wrong with it, just admit it. We understand. People fall out of love all the time. Anyway, he doesn’t love you anymore either.”
“He loves me.”
Charlie sighs over the phone, “Look, I’m at my client’s now. Gotta run. Call me anytime, we can talk more later. ‘K?”
“‘K.”
She’s back to staring at the phone. Maybe Belinda, the one who’s gone through many breakups, will understand.
“Hey babe, did Jim talk to you?”
She blinks, “Talk to me?”
“Oh maybe I’m jumping the gun here. Oops.”
“You mean did he talk to me about leaving me?”
“He did talk to you. How’re you doing?”
“Not well,” she says with no emotion.
“You sound good for having just broken up. I mean, crying would be normal. I was always a mess right after and for days,” she laughs. “Hey, you know that. And yeah, it probably wasn’t a surprise or anything, him getting distant for months and all. Still I was expecting to have to feed you Kleenex through the phone. I’m kinda glad I don’t.” She giggles, “You know he tried to come onto me back in September, eh? I wanted to tell you then, but figured better not mess that nest. Don’t worry, I brushed him off, reminded him he’s engaged to you. You’re my friend and all.”
“Thanks.”
“Hey babe, no problem. Jim knows his own mind. He has goals, and you don’t share em. He wants children, and you’ve been making therapy your child instead. You need to change, babe. You can’t hang onto a man by keeping yourself sick.”
Children? Sick? What’s she talking about? Confusion clouds her mind and makes her angry. “Jim and I talked about children before we moved in together. We were in one accord.”
“Hey, don’t snap at me. He told me he’d expected to be having children by this time, and I gotta believe him.”
“We’re not married yet!”
“Hey, you know what I mean. You were supposed to be married, what, a month ago?”
“Next year.”
“Picky, picky,” she sighs. “C’mon babe, you’re more interested in yourself than in getting married and getting on with having kids. You’re never going to have children. You gotta admit it.”
These phone calls are giving her a headache. She had hoped her friends would understand, even speak to Jim for her — she can’t fight for Jim by herself with her slow thinking, fatigue, and inability to follow him every time he slams out of the house.
“… really important to him, you know. You can’t decide on your own about these things.”
What things? She suddenly doesn’t care. “I, I didn’t expect to decide things on my own. But he won’t even talk.”
“Hey, what’s there to talk about? He knows his own mind.” She drops her voice, “He’s a real man, you know. A hunk of, hey, you know. But he’s gone. You gotta get over him. Oops got a customer. Talk to you later.”
The dial tone buzzes in her ear. She hangs up slowly. Tomorrow, no the next day, Friday, she’ll see her TARC team. She’ll lose herself in that work. Maybe then things will start to make sense.

Sitting with Zenobia two days later, she finds she’s right. The obsessive thoughts of Jim and her friends leave her be as Zenobia explains the concept of visual distraction, which sounds a bit lame to her. Irritation creeps up her skin, and she tries to ignore it in order to listen to Zenobia better as she explains that to conserve her energy, she needs to have as clean, as tidy, as visually non-distracting a home as possible. Do things like put paper away in file drawers, line up books on shelves, clean off the surface of her coffee table and desk — those newspapers can’t stay scattered on the table anymore — keep the kitchen counters clear, put the dishes straight into the dishwasher, remove knick-knacks from surfaces and put them behind glass in orderly positions, have CDs in their place, not flung about on top of the stereo. And paint her walls soothing colours.
Her irritation climbs into resentment. She likes the chaos of her home. She likes the cluttered look. Besides she’s always been able to find what she wants, no matter how high the stack of papers or bills. Well, okay, maybe in the last year or so, it’s been a bit more difficult. But she hates those Zen-looking homes. They were never her look.
But what is her look now? The look of who she is today? Who is she anyway?
All the way home in the Ride Link, on the bus and streetcar, on foot, she worries that question in her head. And when she tries to shake herself free of that question, she remembers how upbeat she’d sounded when relating to Sunny how Jim had left. She feels freakish.
She opens her red front door, her too-cheerful front door, and walks in to see Smokey looking up at her. Her cat bows, stretches out her front paws toward her, showing off the white fur between her toes before standing up tall again and waving her tail slowly, a big anthropomorphic smile on her face, purring. She drops to her knees and hugs her cat. Her sanity, the one being in the whole world who loves her just as she is.

~~~*~~~


chapter eleven
VEXATION IS HEAVY, TIME TO SHOP
SHE’S LYING ON the couch, having her post-breakfast nap, staring at the television, when a loud rap rap rap on the door startles her over the sound of Marilyn Denis laughing on CityLine. She turns her head toward the sound. Rap rap rap. She stirs herself, puts her feet in her slippers, pushes herself up to standing, and stumbles to the door. She looks out the window next to it to see her grandmother standing there, puffing steam. She ponders this unexpected sight. Rap rap rap rap rap. She jumps, reaches forward, and opens the door enough to see out. And stares.
“Don’t stand there. Let me in.”
She opens the door wider and steps to the side to make room. Her grandmother steps in with a faint scent of lavender, takes the door out of her hand, and closes it with a snap. She takes off her hat, places it on top of the coat rack, unbuttons her coat, shrugs herself out of it, and hooks it on one of the empty rack hooks. Her grandmother stares at her speculatively for a moment before straightening her wool skirt and barking, “Your fiancé called last week and informed me that he was leaving you. He said it was time for me to deal with your dirty breakfast dishes and half-drunk coffee mugs all over the house. He said you were my granddaughter, you were my responsibility, not his.”
She shifts her weight, chews her lip, puts her hands behind her, then in front, then crosses them.
Her grandmother rolls her eyes and barks, “Well, come on,” and marches into the living room. She follows and watches as her grandmother takes a look around and sees the papers on the coffee table, the dirty dishes, the spotted glasses, the Kleenex box on the floor next to the couch. Her grandmother sees the blanket tossed to the side over the flattened cushions and smushed throw pillows. Her grandmother marches to the dining room and sees the avalanche of paper thrown up against and almost covering the phone on the desk, the pencils and pens higgledy-piggledy on top and poking out from underneath. She glances down and sees a couple on the floor. Her grandmother turns and looks at the solid wood dining table covered in more newspapers, a half-open book laying upside down to mark the page, more dirty dishes, pill bottles, vitamin bottles, and a threesome of mugs. Her grandmother steps toward the table and peeks into the mugs. Coffee. Then she steps toward the kitchen and sees a full sink of dishes, food detritus on the counter, and a fridge wallpapered in magnets. Wordlessly, her grandmother steps back into the living room and piles up the dirty dishes before picking them up in one hand and the glasses up with the fingers of her other hand and forges back into the kitchen. She doesn’t follow her grandmother back.
She’s cold all of a sudden and plops back onto the couch. She pulls the blanket up onto her lap and lies down, hearing the clatter of dishes and glasses being washed in the sink before being slammed into the dishwasher. She hears the dishwasher gurgle as it takes in water and the tap being turned on. She guesses her grandmother is now scrubbing the counter and will soon be cleaning the table. Sure enough, she hears newspapers rustling, papers being straightened, books being shut, pens being gathered up and dropped into the pen holder. Her grandmother determinedly comes back into her view and repeats the tidying process with the papers on the coffee table, plus she plumps the cushions that she can get at. Finally, she sits down in the armchair opposite and contemplates her granddaughter.
“You don’t look well.”
What can she say to that?
“There’s nothing to be had by prevaricating. I got your email. I must say I was a bit skeptical. You people don’t know what hardship is. And you always were prone to blowing the smallest cold out of proportion. It was that father of yours, always indulging you. So I waited for you to snap out of it. But you didn’t. So I called a neurologist friend of mine. He talked CT scans and cracked skulls. I told him that wasn’t what you were talking about. He was quite a waste of my time. He was not familiar with this Akaesman thing, he claimed. I didn’t blame him though. Sounded like hocus pocus to me too,” she waves her hand. “But he finally admitted he had heard of your … your condition and said it was a mild thing. If you could name the Prime Minister of the day, had good reflexes, and knew your alphabet and your name, you were fine. Well, I thought that was as pathetic as your email. There are plenty of conditions where people can do that yet be sick. I didn’t practice medicine all those years and not know that. So I did some research. It took me some time, I must admit. I did this because you’re my granddaughter. I would not have spent all this effort on just anyone. Do you know how difficult it is to find someone knowledgeable about this Akaesman, who is willing to talk about it? Impossible! But I persisted,” here she pauses and wags her finger at her, “and I hope you remember what I told you about persistence and perspiration.”
She repeats in her head as her grandmother adds after another pause: “success is ten percent inspiration and ninety percent perspiration.”
Her grandmother sits back, satisfied. Then leans forward again to continue, “Well I discovered that you were right after all. You’re lying there because he’s feeding on your energy and leaving none for you. Did you know that?”
She simply looks at her grandmother while her grandmother glares at her for a few minutes.
“Well, of course you did. I must say I’m disappointed in Jim. I never expected him to be the kind who left just because things got a little tough. He had no business leaving you in the lurch like that.”
“And speaking to me like that,” she thought but did not dare say out loud to Grandmother.
“He may have been only your fiancé, but in my world, that’s as good as being married, and he had obligations to you. Clearly, he was weak and selfish. Well, a good thing you found out now. You don’t need a moral coward for a husband. I know a good family lawyer. He’ll make sure you can keep the house. He won’t allow Jim to try to claim half of it for himself. He can use spousal support as leverage against him.”
“But … but, I’m not married,” she says, trying to follow her grandmother’s logic. “And the house is my inheritance f-f-from my parents.”
“You’re common law. Were. Common law. Under Ontario law that’s as good as married. He has obligations to you, and you need to educate yourself about them. Men are very good at doing that for themselves. Women waste too much time sniffling, and by the time they’re done and ready to seek good legal advice, the man has absconded with everything.”
“I’m not sniffling,” she states.
Her grandmother stops and regards her, “No, you’re not.” She frowns, “Why not? Well, that doesn’t matter. You’ll keep the house. As for that other thing, that Akaesman thing, I don’t know any doctors or lawyers to help you with that. My family lawyer isn’t familiar with anyone either. I expect you have one of those kinds of lawyers, or maybe one of your doctors can help you find one if you don’t. You don’t need my help that way anyway. So. What are we going to do with you? Clearly, you can’t look after yourself. Look at you!”
They stare at each other. Smokey peeks in from round the corner and swiftly pads upstairs.
“It’s no good you pretending you don’t need my help. You and I both know you do, however distasteful that is.”
That jolts the fury to on. She lurches up and leans forward aggressively, “Distasteful? Distasteful! How dare you say that! You’re my family. You’re the only family I got. You’re supposed to help me! You went on and on when I was growing up about how family is the only one you can count on when in trouble, how that’s why you took me in, but since the invasion you haven’t once visited me. You didn’t even respond when I asked you to come to TARC with me when they said they needed family to be involved.”
“I responded.”
“Oh yeah, that short email,” she snorts. “I don’t call that a response. That was a brush off! Jim said you didn’t get it, that he wasn’t getting any help from anybody. And now after he leaves — after he leaves,” she shrieks, “you march in and decide to help. And then you say distasteful? How dare you? I wouldn’t ask for your help unless you were the last person on earth!”
They glare at each other.
Abruptly, she falls back against the couch, fury vamoosed. “You are the last person on earth. I, I have no one else to ask but you. I didn’t ask you because … because I’m tired, I’m tired of rejection. That’s all I s-s-see wherever I turn.”
“You want me to feel sorry for you?”
“No!” she screams, rising up.
“Then stop complaining.”
“I’m not complaining! I’m stating the truth! You don’t like it, too fucking bad. You think the only people entitled to be sick are your patients. Well I’m sick too!”
They stare angrily at each other.
Her grandmother opens her mouth to speak, but she interrupts, “Yeah, you thought you’d got rid of me forever. But Jim had other ideas when he took me to where he knew … he knew … Akaesman was. I don’t know how he knew. But he changed after that camping trip. He complained of being tired. He was pissed off all the time. He took me there, and Akaesman made other plans for my life, and nobody asked me what I wanted. Nobody, nobody asked me,” she screams. “I didn’t want this! I didn’t ask for it! Everybody acts like I did.” Her voice breaks; she wails and cannot stop. She hides her face behind her hands for minutes. But then the wails stop. Sniffing hard, she yanks a Kleenex out of its box and blows her nose as noisily as she can.
Her grandmother breaks the atmosphere. “Well. You need my help. I will give it. Don’t say I don’t do my duty. I spoke to an OT about what I can expect, so it wasn’t all a surprise. What I see here is you need someone to clean your house and keep it tidy. Didn’t the Shadow Court supply you with a homemaker?”
“No. Yes.… No.”
“Well, which is it girl?” she exclaims impatiently.
“They were s-s-supposed to, the lawyer s-s-said. But they, they, they,” she finally spits the word out. “Didn’t.”
She harrumphs, “I’m not shocked; the OT said something along those lines. I’ll set you up with someone competent. I happen to know of a very good worker who needs some employment. I’ll send her to you.”
“With, with Jim gone, I … I have to cut back expenses. I’m not earning. My trust fund is all going to treatments. After that … all I have are RRSPs,” she relates in a monotone.
“I’ll pay for her. I’ll also take you grocery shopping. Clearly, if you can’t keep your house clean, and from the looks of things, you can’t even cook yourself a proper dinner, you can’t shop on your own. I’ll make up a meal plan, something nutritious. I’ll expect you to cook it. The worker will do the meal prep for you. Understood?”
She nods. There is no point fighting her on this, for she’s spent decades instructing her patients on proper nutrition until they gave up and followed her orders. Grandmother could always tell when her patients hadn’t obeyed her.
“Good. I’ll take you shopping today. You have nothing worth eating in your house. Certainly that Jim of yours didn’t have an idea about good nutrition. Go get dressed. I can’t take you in that.”
She looks down at her drooping sweatpants and sweatshirt.
“I’ll wait.” They eyeball each other, she not wanting to move, wanting to lie down. Her grandmother equally determined not to move until she is dressed and ready to be dragged out to the grocery store. She surrenders, slowly stands up, leaning on the arm of the couch until she stops teetering, and slowly, slowly climbs the stairs up to her bedroom. She stands in front of the shelves, trying to decide what to wear. Her eyes become fixed, unblinking. She can hear her grandmother moving around downstairs, she can hear the cat snoring on her bed, she can see the shelves in front of her, she can smell the remnants of toast char from that morning’s breakfast. She cannot blink. She cannot move. Her eyes dry. The air scratches them. She hears and sees, feels and smells. But cannot move. Cannot speak. Cannot blink.
Something lets go in her head. Regaining control over her eyelid muscles, she forces them down until they shut. They spring back open, and she once again can move and contemplate what to wear. Something comfortable, something that won’t pull at her shoulders or squeeze her expanding arms, and most of all, something that won’t make her elegant grandmother huff. Ten minutes later, she’s dressed. Ten minutes after that, she’s sitting in her grandmother’s gleaming silver-grey car, hot and exhausted. She leans her head back and doesn’t pay attention to where they’re going.
She opens her eyes to see them being swallowed up by the entrance to an underground parking garage.
“Where are we?”
“Whole Foods.”
“I can’t afford this!”
“I can. You’re going to get better and that begins with good nutrition.”
“I can get good nutrition at the low-price st-st-store.”
“We’re shopping here,” she says as the car humps over a dinky speed bump. She reaches for a ticket from the machine.
“No, but …”
“No buts. We’re going here. You’re going to eat good quality, organic fresh vegetables and fruit. They have pre-cut veg, fresh-washed salad, prepared fruit. That’ll make it easy for you to eat it.”
She boggles at the thought of the cost of such luxury.
Her grandmother drives down another ramp. She stops at the bottom, turns left, and then moves the car forward slowly until she sees the right spot. She’d forgotten how picky Grandmother is about parking spots. How irritating.
They get out simultaneously and slam their doors together. The garage has that faint carbon dioxide smell. Music blares from a lit-up car wash area near where they enter open sliding glass doors to the parking garage elevators. It’s a short ride up to where the elevator ejects them in front of a kitchen store. They turn right and right again to walk past flowers and wine to where the shopping carts are stationed. Her grandmother pulls one out of the line and heads straight for that fruit she was talking about. She follows dutifully, her senses overwhelmed by the neat, geometric piles of natural colours — red, yellow, green — the smells of fruit and cheese and fresh fish, the cacophony of voices and shopping carts echoing off the hard, warm-coloured surfaces. She barely notices what her grandmother is putting into the cart as she follows her out of the produce section and into the aisles of bulk foods and teas, dairy and cereals, frozen vegetables, and milk and cheese. While her grandmother looks over the low-fat cheese area, she stares at the bars of olives and antipasto, follows her nose to the drums of heaped-up glistening coffee beans, turns around to stare at the Christmas goodies piled up round a column.
“Come on,” her grandmother calls as she zips past her into the lit-up area which used to be the Hazelton Lanes skating rink but now houses the cash registers. As she stands next to the conveyor belt laden with food, she looks up through the arching glass roof to see the endless November-grey sky.
She hears her grandmother’s voice calling her and starts. She scurries after her back to the elevator. As her grandmother pushes the cart to the car and she strives to keep up, her grandmother says, “We’ll do this every Wednesday from now on. I’m free on Wednesdays. That worker I was telling you about can come on Fridays.”
“Um, but, but Fridays I go to TARC.”
“All day?”
“Well no, but …”
“What time do you go?”
“One.”
“Then I’ll send her to be at your place for nine. She should be able to do your laundry, clean the kitchen and bathrooms, and do meal prep in four hours. You can give her a key to lock up.”
“Nine is too early!”
“Nine is not early. The early bird gets the worm.”
“That’s because the early bird sleeps through the night,” she grumbles to herself. But she’s the one who needs help; she has to take what she can get. Grandmother has stormed into her life with help. Any help is good, even if it’s not on her schedule, her routine — even though it will tire her.
She climbs into the front passenger side of the car and leans back against the seat, closing her eyes, while her grandmother puts the groceries in the trunk and slams it shut. The gentle bounce of the car presages a rough storm about to hit.

~~~*~~~


chapter twelve
A BAD DAY
SHE STEPS OFF the Avenue Road bus and walks to the intersection to cross from corner to corner to corner. As she waits for the light to turn green, to let her cross over to the mini mall parking lot, she catches sight of the familiar Ride Link sedan pulling out of the lot and turning right onto Eglinton Avenue. It speeds away, west. She pulls her black wool coat sleeve up to check her watch, the February wind cutting into her wrist. Her watch shows the same time she arrives at this corner every week. She quickly releases her sleeve. Why’d he leave early? How could he miss seeing her standing waiting for the light to change? Thirty more seconds and she’d have been there. Thirty. More. Seconds. The wind stings tears out of her eyes. The first new year without Jim but with her grandmother is shaping up to be a crap year. She hates February, she sniffs; she hated January; hell, she hated December the worst, with all that false bonhomie and all those glaring colours of cheer and all that exchanging of gifts around her.
She obeys the green light and walks till she’s in the parking lot and scans the area until she finally, truly understands that she’s not getting a ride today. Panic shoots sharp needles into her heart, into her brain, making her nerves flame. She can’t think straight. She doesn’t know what to do. The phone, rises the thought. She doesn’t have a cell phone. Canadian cell carriers think everyone’s leaking money from their pockets. Well, she isn’t. So she can’t afford a cell phone. She doesn’t know what to do. The pay phone, rises the thought. But where is a Bell pay phone? Bell has been making them disappear faster than Atlantic cod.
She struggles against her dissolving thoughts and focuses on finding a pay phone. She must call TARC and tell them Ride Link left without her. She must call TARC and ask them to send it back. She must call TARC. She holds on to that thought as she enters and exits shops and convenience stores to look for a phone. At last, she spots one. Dingy, dinged, and now costing fifty cents, it still works when she picks up the dirty handset gingerly to hear the dial tone. Cool relief drowns the panic, and her mind clears. She takes out her Palm and looks up the number for TARC. With the Palm in one hand, she fishes for two quarters in her purse with her other gloved hand, slots the quarters into the phone, and dials the number.
“TARC.”
She says her name then blurts out baldly that her Ride Link has left without her.
“It left?”
“Yes, it left without me,” she starts feeling overwhelmed.
“Were you late?”
“No, I was on time. Right on time.”
“I don’t see it here yet. Oh, no, there it is, outside the doors. I don’t think it’ll be able to come and get you though because it has another place to go to right after this one.”
“But how am I going to get there? I’m going to be late for my appointment. I have to see Zenobia. How can I get there on time? Can’t it come back? It won’t take long.”
“No, I’m sorry. It’s left already.”
“How will I get there?”
“You know the way to walk here?”
“Yes,” she stifles a threatening sniff.
“Then that’s okay. It’ll be a long walk, but you can do it this one time. I’ll tell Zenobia you’ll be late. It’ll be fine. And I’ll have a word with Ride Link to make sure they don’t do this to you again, okay?”
“Okay,” she replies and hangs up. But she wants to scream: “I’ll miss the appointment. I really needed to see her for the whole appointment today. The walk is too long. How will I ever make it?”
She inhales sharply, deeply for a count of four, exhales for a count of four, inhales and exhales again. Three times she repeats her deep breathing until the panic, that feeling of reality overwhelming her, sinks back into her depths. She walks out into the knife-cold air. She pulls her long, warm black scarf up over her mouth and tramps west along Eglinton.
The February sun is out, spiking rays and shadows onto the sidewalk she’s walking along. It burns her cheek, while the wind cuts her with cold. The sky stretches a canopy of sun-bleached blue high up, but she hardly notices as she bends her head down against the cold and tears.
She’s thankful she’s wearing sunglasses. She started wearing them to protect herself against seeing the rudeness of TTC patrons and the callous indifference of TTC drivers and the garbage everywhere. It enrages her. She fears that rage will break out and then boomerang back onto her. But the sunglasses have also proven useful to hide her often smudged and leaky eyes on her way home from her many appointments.
She turns onto a residential street, alternatively walking on cleared sidewalk and slogging over frozen footprints of slush. The metaphorical elephant is sitting on her chest as usual, and the crushing pain increases with each step. That elephant is soon crushing her muscles, her ribs, her heart. The pain cracks her mind, and back up comes the panic. She trips over an ice rut, her scarf slips down, and she stops. She hiccups a sob away. She wants to turn around and go home. She wants to curl up with Smokey. She’d be better off at home; no point making all that effort when she won’t benefit much anyway, not today. She begins to pivot.
Wait a minute, where did that thought of quitting come from? She can’t quit; she has to keep going. She has to get better. Even a small benefit is better than none. She has to try and get there to salvage some part of her appointment with Zenobia. Screw her pain. She pulls her scarf back up, pulls her shoulders back, raises her head, glares straight down the length of the street, and thinks: TARC is down there. Aim and keep going. She puts one foot forward confidently and slides on a rut. Quit, a voice entices her. Go home. She looks down to ensure she doesn’t keep tripping, throws the pain out of her cognizance, shoves that betraying panic down, and thinks only of getting there. She steps forward again.
The pain won’t be put out so easily. Her breathing becomes more shallow and erratic. But it doesn’t stop her. One foot then the next. One foot then the next. When she reaches cleared patches of sidewalk, she speeds up toward her destination. The wind freezes her tears to her cheeks, and the sun quickens her on from behind. Soon, she sees the TARC building and steps onto bare concrete. She quickens her step, panting noisily, and practically flings herself through the sliding glass doors into the warmth of the building.
She strides up to the receptionist and puffs out “I’m here” before moving on toward Zenobia’s office, while unwinding her scarf that’s dappled with frozen droplets of exhaled breath, pulling off her hat, and ripping off and shoving her gloves into her pockets. She steams into Zenobia’s office, coat undone, and collapses into the chair next to where Zenobia is sitting. She breathes hard, too hard to speak.
Zenobia smiles, “You got here! Congratulations! That was great. Do you know how many would’ve given up and gone back home? But you didn’t. I’m so proud of you! We have five minutes, but you’ll have your full appointments with Sunny and Rona.”
“I … really … wanted … to … see … you.”
“I know, Diane told me. But don’t worry, we’ll catch up next time.”
Frustration rips at her and makes her want to howl. Instead she sits up, overheated but too tired to take her coat off. She steadies her breathing and tries to speak again.
“Here, why don’t I help you off with your coat, and then I’ll walk you to Sunny’s office,” Zenobia says as she stands up, pulling her up with her spirit, helping her off with her coat, taking her hat and scarf and stuffing them into a sleeve, draping the coat over her arm, and leading her back out the door and down the hall to Sunny’s office. “I’m really proud of you. I know this is frustrating, but you didn’t let it stop you. That’s so amazing. Do you know how amazing that is?”
Not so amazing. She totally missed her appointment. She couldn’t walk fast enough because of those stupid uncleared sidewalks and her own screwed-up body with that awful pain in her chest. Surely, she must be having the longest-lasting heart attack in the world. She feels her pulse surreptitiously. Fast but steady. She thinks this thought every day. And she tells herself every day that she can’t be having a heart attack every day before feeling her pulse to reassure herself it’s still there. How would she know if she ever did have one though? How would it be any different from what she feels every day? Her doctors don’t think it’s a big deal. Stupid doctors.
“Here we are! I’ll see you next week,” Zenobia chirps as she leaves her at the open door where Sunny is waiting and hands her her outdoor gear.
“Hi, how are you?” Sunny asks her as she closes the door behind her and gestures to the client chair. She bursts into tears as she sits down, burying herself under her purse and gear, reaching for a Kleenex. She spills all her anxiety and frustration. She’s getting tired of bursting into tears, of bawling every night before she can sleep, of the pain and exhaustion. Every morning she wakes up and has to talk herself into getting up, knowing the day will be one horrid thing followed by a nap followed by another amazingly-easy-thing-that-is-amazingly-hard-to-do thing followed by increasing pain followed by loneliness followed by another huge effort to do one simple thing followed by frustration at how the simplest thing is like a war against herself, fighting for the ease of doing something as easy as writing a simple email to answer a simple question, which becomes a lengthy ordeal of reading and rereading the original to make sure she read it right, which she usually hasn’t, and then replying in a way that’s complete and can’t be misinterpreted, which between using nonsense words and not finishing her thoughts, it usually is if she doesn’t take the whole day to work on it.
She wheezes in air.
And all she gets from her friends is how “effort-full” her emails look, as if they can see how hard she has to think when writing them. And they’re always avoiding her phone calls. Well, Nance doesn’t usually avoid her calls, but she is becoming harder and harder to reach. And her grandmother only wants to talk to her on Wednesdays when she sees her for their weekly shopping trips. God forbid they have a simple phone call. All that cooking Grandmother insists on her doing is tiring her out too. She longs to sleep in Friday mornings. But between the homemaker and waking up over and over during the night, she gets even less sleep than normal Thursday nights. To top it off, she doesn’t even get a chance to wake up properly because as she’s eating her grandmother-prescribed oatmeal in the dining room, her homemaker is clanking dishes in the kitchen five steps away. There’s no peace anywhere. And why is she crying now?
She honks her nose and keeps her head down.
Sunny tells her a story: “I had this client, a woman like you. Every time she came in, as soon as I asked her, ‘how are you,’ she’d start crying. This happened every time, and I started to become paranoid that I was upsetting her somehow. I felt so bad. I asked her one day what am I doing to make you cry? She told me that she had to hold herself together all week because no one was interested in hearing about her troubles or helping her out, but when she walked into my office it was the one time she felt support. It was the only time it was safe for her to let go. So it’s okay to cry here. It’s good to cry. It relieves the stress and pain of your situation.”
She raises her head, Kleenex over her nose, “But I’m so tired of it. Doesn’t it ever stop?”
“It will. Give it time. You will get better. Look at what you did today. You felt abandoned, and you must’ve been overwhelmed with how to cope. I know how Akaesman can interfere with clear thinking and make you feel unable to cope with a sudden change like that. Yet you persevered! You didn’t quit. That is so amazing.”
She thinks about it for a bit, eyeballing the floor again. She lifts her head up determinedly and wipes her eyes.
The rest of her TARC day finishes as usual, and she gets home as fatigued as usual.
She collapses in front of the television, not caring that she’s supposed to have a healthy snack. “Who can walk that far,” she grouses, “all the way into the kitchen.” She’s lucky she got to the couch. Smokey jumps up beside her, snuggles into her slouched side.
A couple of hours later, she’s breathing normally again. The elephant on her chest has lost some weight. And her hunger is stronger than her fatigue. She gets up, Smokey jumping down with her. She sees Smokey’s empty dishes, frowns at herself, guilt rising up and smacking her heart. She apologizes over and over to her cat, who twines around her legs in response, purring.
The cat’s dishes filled, and Smokey noshing greedily away, she’s finding fatigue dragging at her cheeks, weighing her arms down, sinking her chest again. She reaches for the easiest thing she can eat, a bag of popcorn she bought at the drug store back on Tuesday when she had to pick up her medications. She shuffles back to the couch, bag of popcorn in one hand, cold glass of water in the other, and falls back onto the couch to watch Jeopardy.

The cordless phone her grandmother gave her rings shrilly, startling her awake.
“You need a break.” Grandmother is nothing if not direct. No small talk, no hi, how are you, for her. “… to your Aunt Liv. She’s agreed to have you visit her for a week. I’ll come by next Wednesday to pick you up and drive you there. I’ll drive you home too at the end of the week. Have some things packed. I don’t want to be packing for you. As it is, I’ll be putting in a long day for you, making the four-hour drive there and back.”
“Aunt Liv?”
“Yes, you remember her? Your father’s oldest Aunt. She lives up near Huntsville. The brisk country air and snow will do you good. Get you out of the city and away from these appointments. All these therapists are getting you down.”
She wonders how she’ll get a break from Akaesman. No escaping him. Ever. Except when she’s asleep and that’s only when he and the stupid phone let her sleep.
“Are you there?”
“Yes, I’m here,” she says quietly.
“Write it down in your Palm.”
“Okay.”
“Are you writing it down?”
She sighs and thinks about where her Palm is. Her purse. She drops the phone onto the couch, creaks up, dislodging Smokey, and goes to get her Palm out of her purse. She taps the event in. She limps back to the couch, her right hip having locked itself, sits back down, picks up the phone, and says, “It’s in.”
“Good. Be ready.”
She presses the End button and puts the phone down on the coffee table. That’s when she sees Srukar. She freezes in position: How did it get there? It was last in her night table drawer where she’d hidden it all those months ago. She’s sure she never moved it out of there.
She stares at it with heavy-lidded eyes. Her eyes slowly close. She drifts off, her body swaying back. She snaps her eyes open, and it’s still there. Not only that, it looks as fresh and warm as when — who was she anyway, that visitant, that hallucination? — offered it to her. She closes her eyes again. Snaps them open. Yes, that bun, Srukar, is still sitting there. She leans forward to touch it gingerly. It’s real. She snatches her hand back and continues to stare at it, remembering how suddenly at peace she was when that visitant appeared and stretched out her hand to her, the hand that held Srukar.
She wants that, she suddenly decides. She wants some peace. She wants kindness. She craves that gentle caring. She doesn’t want to be alone anymore. She grabs and stuffs the Srukar in her mouth. It’s warm and doughy, like freshly baked bread. She chews its softness reverently, and warmth floods her mouth. Its comforting scent rises through her palate. She swallows. It slides down her throat silkily. Peace slips out of her esophagus and into her surrounding flesh, relaxing her chest, her stomach, her muscles. She eases back against the cushions, and her eyelids drift down. Her body is like water, soft and clear and in harmony. Her senses come alive without drowning her, as if she can hear and smell and see and feel all the beauty of the world. That sloe presence deep within her brain stirs as it tries to shatter her experience, but this effulgent revelation Srukar has given her diminishes it into nothing. She can sense the stillness of a flat peaceful pond. All she knows, all she feels is peace.
Sleep.
She falls asleep and slumbers till dawn, not hearing the sudden parade of telemarketers ringing her phone or the cars growling up the street or the fight that erupts outside in the hours wee.

~~~*~~~


chapter thirteen
A GOOD DAY
SHE SWINGS THE door open into her silent house blazing with light. She hears a thump and then padded feet thudding down the stairs. Smokey runs into view, making a beeline for her, or maybe it’s the front door. She shuts it quickly against the February night cold and sets down her suitcase. One of the dining room chairs is inexplicably against the wall in the living room. Smokey jumps onto it and sets the chair sliding across the wood floor up to where she’s standing in the entrance to the living room. A new trick. Smokey is pretty pleased with herself, stretching up, her light green eyes hypnotizing her into stroking her soft back. She can’t help but grin at her cat. She picks her up, tucks her into her arms, and strokes her head to tail. She feels good. A purr rumbles forth in agreement.
The week-long Aunt Liv vacation was restful. No cooking, no cleaning, napping for as long as she needed, whenever she needed. Walks in the snow or sitting in the sunny kitchen gossiping with Aunt Liv bracketed the naps. It was good to catch up; they hadn’t seen each other in seven years. Even the drive home with her grandmother wasn’t so bad. She hasn’t felt so vital since, well, since that last day before Akaesman hit.
She lets Smokey leap down and trot to the kitchen. After shedding her furry coat and her boots, she follows. There’s food and water in both bowls, and Smokey is hunched over one crunching her kibble. Mail is piled up on the table. Good old Nance. The place looks even better than when she left it. She pours herself a glass of water, turns off the light, and pads upstairs. It’s late, and she’s whacked from being in the car all that time. She’s looking forward to tomorrow, even the chore of emptying her suitcase and cleaning the dirty clothes within. Her homemaker won’t be here till Friday, and she’s liking the idea of two whole days of sleeping in.
In no time she’s in her pyjamas and turning off the light. In the spill of streetlight through the shutter laths, she pulls back the duvet, slides underneath, pulls it up to her chin, and shivers. She tucks herself into as tight a ball as possible to try and warm up the sheets and pillows and inhales cat hair. Damn. Smokey has been between her sheets. Oh well. She’ll wash those too in the morning. Right now, she sits up, flips the pillow over, and lies back down. But she can’t close her eyes, instead the conversation she had with Aunt Liv runs through her head.
Much to her surprise, Aunt Liv had heard of Akaesman. Apparently, Akaesman is as old as time. They’re not sure where he comes from; there are stories that he’s an immortal visitant, a supernatural being, or one of God’s creatures living in the void space, created to roam the earth, to keep an eye on human beings and probe their temptations. Somewhere along the line, he learnt how to slip into an unwary human — doesn’t say much about her, she had thought — and become a part of him or her, changing them into his image before moving on. They say that people change as soon as he slips in. At first they lose all vitality, but then they gain talents or skills they hadn’t had before or change personalities or sometimes they become vegetables. No one knows how it happens, Aunt Liv had asserted. She had contradicted her and said the therapists know. Aunt Liv had looked skeptical, but had allowed that it could be possible. She also averred that she hadn’t changed. Well, she was tired a lot, she had admitted to Aunt Liv, and things were harder to do, but it was all temporary. She was sure. Aunt Liv had looked at her with knowing eyes.
In the silence between them, she had begun thinking. Well, there is that voice that reminds her of how unutterably exhausted she is; there is that irrational fear that comes from nowhere and overwhelms her; there is a sense of constantly fighting herself to be herself. But she also fights the people around her and their assumptions about her. Wrong assumptions. Selfish assumptions.
Upon seeing her darkening visage, Aunt Liv had broken the silence and warned her to hold onto herself, her core self that is.
She wonders now: what is her core self? She turns over and pulls her duvet up over her back and slithers down. She, who used to be in control of everything, her emotions, her thoughts, her actions, can no longer control even her mouth. She, who used to have a wicked sense of humour, in the words of her friends, and picked up on ideas as quickly as snapping her fingers, processes jokes in confusion and can’t follow rapid conversations. She, who used to never be sick a day in her life, feels like she has a long-term case of the flu, if this is what the flu feels like. She, who used to not need help to do anything, who could accomplish whatever she put her mind to, needs help to make the simplest decision like how many apples to buy for the week.
So who is she, who is that core self that Aunt Liv had talked about? She doesn’t know.
Aunt Liv had been skeptical when she’d said she didn’t know. Aunt Liv had said that she did, that she just had to have the courage to face it. She turns back and snuggles into the pillow. Her eyes have adjusted to the dark, and she gazes over the softly luminescent shelf edges, the brunet bulk of the dresser, before settling on the evanescent white of the ceiling above.
A thought is trying to intrude. She shoves it away.
Your core self is music.
She flings herself onto her back and screams silently, “I’ve lost that!”
Every time she tries to sit at the keyboard, the notes make less and less sense. The keys look unfamiliar; middle C remains elusive. She’s become afraid of her instrument. She tries to write, for words are easier. As the communications therapist had said, it came out of her. But when she sits down to write a song, the words that come make no sense. She scribbles furiously, yet when she reads it, it’s peppered with words that are wrong, wrong, wrong. They’re nonsense words or real words that make no sense for the context. Her songs make no sense upon reading. And they’re so short. “A stanza is not a song,” she says to her bedroom.
Her music career had only begun to take off although she had been writing songs for as long as she could remember. When this had all first happened, she’d called her manager and publisher, said she’d been in an accident, that she was working hard on recovering and would soon be back on track. Her publisher had called about a year ago, but she’d put him off, saying she’d be better soon. But she isn’t. Better. She hears the word echo in her mind.
He’s probably forgotten about her by now. All that work wasted. All the struggles to build up her skills and study piano mean nothing now. She flings her arms out wide, pushing the cover down. Heat is building inside her torso. Her feet remain frozen. She can’t live without her music, but how can she get it back? Everything she’s done up till now has been focused on retrieving her talent, that core of her that needs to be expressed, more than ever before. What if nothing will bring it back? What if Akaesman has destroyed it forever? But how could that happen? How could he have destroyed it? Aunt Liv had said to her that he bestows new talents, but she’s seen nothing yet. Besides, she wants her old talent back, dammit.
She’s not sure she believes in God. Grandmother ruled the roost when it came to church. She has vague memories of going with her parents, but Grandmother had stopped it. She’d learnt the basics of Zoroastrianism from Grandmother, some of it only because she lives it. And she’d snuck her mother’s books and father’s Bible from their packed boxes in the basement to read when Grandmother was not around. Still, all that good and evil stuff seemed a bit preposterous to her. She agreed with Grandmother: it was all about being a good person, knowing what was right. People with good intentions did not do bad things. She tries to remember the Zoroastrian creed, something about good thoughts … good words … good deeds. That’s self-evident. Of course, one strives to say good things and do good things. What was it that Jesus had said about anger? Or was it murder? Something about the thoughts in one’s heart leading to murder. How could that be? How can a thought kill? Sure, there is violence and lack of control, but everyone gets angry. Even murderers get forgiven on Oprah. So what’s happened to her makes no sense.
Why do bad things happen to good people?
She stills her thoughts, waiting for an answer. A car accelerates up the road. The wind picks up and bangs the window. Smokey thuds to the floor downstairs. But there is no answer.
Nothing. Nada.
All her life that question was for others. She knew karma ruled: good things happened to good people, not bad. And she’s a good person, or at least she had thought so. Does this mean she wasn’t a good person? How could she have deceived herself so much though? Had she really been a bad person? She’s certainly gotten no peace wherever she’s turned — except when she ate that Srukar two weeks ago. She exhales sharply through her compressed lips. This is all too difficult to think about; it’s making her forehead hurt, that headache that always comes on when she thinks. How can she write songs when thinking hurts so much? She raises her arms and slaps them against the bed, feeling the diminishing bounces against her body. She slams them harder against her cover. Harder again in punctuation to her scream. She lifts her fists to her forehead and presses, rotates hard. With a huff, she flips herself onto her right side, adjusts her pillow to support her neck better, and determinedly closes her eyes. She’s going to go to sleep. She rubs her forehead as the fog of mindlessness descends.

Sun penetrating the shutters wakes her up. She asks herself what day it is. Wednesday. Pause. March 1. She snuggles up to her pillow and closes her eyes again. It takes her another half hour to get up out of bed, and Smokey is waiting there for her, patiently sitting outside her closed bedroom door. Breakfast for both of them is a long affair as she gets back into the routine of making her own oatmeal, or rather nuking her own oatmeal. She’d gotten used to eating Aunt Liv’s old-fashioned porridge, so warming and filling. She clears her bowl and glass into the sink and runs water in them. And then she picks up the cordless phone to call Nance. She should be at her desk. She rarely leaves it, except for lunch. It goes to voice mail. She puts perkiness into her voice, not hard today as she’s still riding high from her vacation, and thanks Nance for looking after her cat and mail and to call her. She calls Charlie and Belinda and gets their voice mail too. She’s become accustomed to leaving messages and has perfected a standard message so that she doesn’t sputter inanities as she tries to say what’s in her head and fails or hangs up abruptly, not knowing what to say. She hangs up. It’s too quiet. She flips through her pile of CDs spilled on the coffee table, sees one of Bif Naked’s, and in seconds We’re Not Gonna Take It is rocking into the house.
She thinks: cookies! Chocolate chip cookies. She dances back into the kitchen.
She finds her favourite recipe, the one her mother made with her, lays it on the counter, and looks over the ingredients. The words blur together. But Aunt Liv had said to take out all the ingredients first. And so she does. First she lines the dry stuff up on the counter. She takes the wax paper out of its drawer. Unrolls a length, rips it off, and lays it beside the flour container. She then finds her sifter and puts that on top of the paper. She measures the flour and baking powder into the sifter. She’s a bit tired, and remembering Zenobia’s instructions, she sits down for a few minutes. Once a little refreshed, she rereads the recipe. The words jumble together. Taking a breath, she focuses on the wet ingredients. Butter and sugar she knows get creamed together first. With her finger, she marks where they appear in the recipe before going to the fridge to take out the butter. She can’t remember how much. She reads the recipe again and measures the butter. She plops it into her mother’s old KitchenAid mixer. Memories of baking with her mother flood her and make her feel safe and contented. Resting one hand on the mixer, she sinks into them, giggling as she remembers how she would spill the sugar every time, much to her mother’s — . Sugar! She was getting sugar. What kind? She can’t remember. Back to the recipe. Oh yeah, this one uses granulated. She takes it out of the cupboard, finds a dry measuring cup, and then wonders how much she needs. Back to the recipe book. She needs a break, but first measure out the sugar and get the mixer going. How much again? Oh yeah, one cup. She scoops the cup measure into the sugar container, levels it off, and pours it over the butter. She pulls the mixer head down, locks it closed, and sets it turning. She sits back down.

Suddenly she remembers she’s mixing cookies. She stands up quickly and goes to look at her butter and sugar. Pretty fluffy. Well, maybe a bit liquidy too. Oh well, the cookies will still be okay. She stops the mixer, scrapes the batter down, starts the mixer up again until the batter edges have been mixed in. Then is about to pour in the flour when she remembers to check the recipe. Good thing too as she needs to mix in one egg. She does so then pours in the flour, after which she measures out one cup of chocolate chips, splashes in some vanilla extract after it, and mixes it all. She finds her small ice cream scoop, lays it on the counter, and then realizes she hadn’t turned on the oven. Sighing, she sets the temperature to 350 degrees Fahrenheit, checking the recipe first to make sure she’d remembered right. She’ll have to wait fifteen minutes. She’s missing something anyway. After staring at the counter for a bit, she decides to check the recipe. The baking sheet. She fishes that out of its cupboard along with the roll of parchment paper. She rips off a length of paper and lays it down on top of the sheet. The paper overlaps the sides of the sheet a bit.
She waits.
At last the oven beeps. She scoops dough onto the sheet and pops the cookie-dough laden sheet in the oven. She sets the time for ten minutes and waits, not only for the cookies to bake, but also to cool so that she can slide them off the paper into a plate and scoop twelve more heaps of dough onto the paper-lined sheet. She pops that in the oven and licks the bowl before clanging it in the sink and running water into it. The oven dings, and she takes the cookies out and puts the baking sheet lengthwise on top of the stove. She takes one of the cooled cookies and bites into it. Warm chocolate oozes into her mouth and dribbles onto her lower lip. She licks it up with a contented sigh.
Satiated with one cookie, she thinks about something nutritious to feed her hunger. An egg. Aunt Liv had told her to have an egg a day, the perfect food she’d called it. She bangs a frying pan onto the stove next to the baking sheet and turns on the gas. It pops into a flame, and she goes to the fridge for an egg. Nance had stocked the fridge with basics like milk and eggs and bread. Gratitude fills her. She takes an egg out of its carton, turns around to go back to the stove, and sees little flames dancing on the edge of the parchment. She blinks. Her cookies. She has to save her cookies. The flames are multiplying. She leaps forward, dropping the egg on the floor, and turns off the stove flame. But the paper remains afire. She lifts the baking sheet and hesitates. If she pours water on it, the cookies will be soaked and no good. She stands there as the flames lick along the edge of the paper toward the back of the sheet and the wall, indecision filling her.
Pour water on it!
She carries the sheet to the sink and tries to angle it so that the water won’t get on the cookies. The flames lengthen and travel toward the cookies and her hair.
Run the water now!
She turns the tap on and hesitates.
Now! Now! Pour the water on now!
She shoves the angled sheet under the running water and soaks the flames and some of the cookies. The rest somehow stay in place and stay dry. She turns the water off and sets the sheet across the sink and counter.
Suddenly it hits her, how close she’d been to setting her kitchen on fire because she couldn’t think. Only that voice had saved her, had got her to do the sensible thing that any normal person would’ve done without a second thought. She backs away, out of the kitchen, hits one of the dining room chairs, and stumbles into it. How could she have been so stupid? Whose was that voice that saved her? She breathes raggedly. She can’t tell anyone about this; they already think her a loser, a failure for taking so long to get over it, it being that windy day in June, that minor incident that couldn’t possibly have led to all her problems.
Deep breathe.
She steadies her breathing in response to the whisper and starts counting. One, two, three, four as she inhales; one, two, three, four as she exhales. After a couple of minutes, she feels calm, clear headed enough to deal with the cookies. She gets up, slides on the smashed egg, looks at it for a moment, shrugs, and decides she’ll clean that up later. She shakes her slippers off her feet. Padding in her stocking feet, she puts the saved cookies with the others on a plate, tosses the soaked cookies in the garbage, crumples up the charred parchment paper, and tosses it into the garbage too. And then she goes for a nap on the couch.

~~~*~~~


chapter fourteen
A NEW DEFENCE
MONDAY. THE FIRST one in March, time for her monthly meeting with Dr. Dering to see how she’s doing with her therapy and coping with it all. She recounts her vacation with Aunt Liv, eagerly asserting that she’s renewed, ready again to fight Akaesman and the Shadow Court for the benefits she’s entitled to. She can’t understand why they won’t give her the benefit of their experience in recovery. She can’t do this alone and longs to work with them. But if she has to fight them, she will. She’s determined.
“Up until recently the Court did work with Akaesman innocents, but they’ve become more obstreperous in the last few years, I’m sorry to say. I’m glad to hear you’ve decided to pursue your claim again,” Dr. Dering says. “This is a hidden epidemic that needs to be made public.” He leans back in his chair, crossing his legs. “And the more people like you who fight them, the better it is for all. But we don’t know how many are in your boat because the Shadow Court doesn’t like to publish statistics and the Akaesman Patrols aren’t always savvy or knowledgeable enough to recognize complete AS on site. They can only determine physical issues.”
“Oh.”
Dr. Dering heaves himself upright, swings his chair around, and rummages through the paper on his desk. “Ah, here we are. I’ve been hoping you’d get a new lawyer and found a couple of names for you just in case,” he says as he swings back round to look over the rims of his glasses at her. He looks down through them to read out the names written on the piece of paper he’s holding, “One is called Mr. Mintken. I’ve heard good things about him. I don’t know the other one. But I think you should see both of them. They’re partners in what’s called boutique firms, firms where you won’t get lost as one of many clients. They’ll focus on you the client. Here, why don’t I write these down for you.” And he suits actions to words and then passes the information over to her. She takes the piece of paper he hands her and looks at it, out of habit. The words as usual slide off into the hinterland of nothing.
“Thanks Dr. Dering,” she says with no emotion, no inflection in her voice.
He smiles reassuringly and then clasping his hands says, “Well, I’ll see you in a month, then?”
“Yes. Thanks again.” She shrugs herself into her coat, gathers up her new chenille brimmed hat with matching scarf Aunt Liv had bought her, along with her purse, and carries them out of the room. On the way to the elevator, she stops in the waiting room to dress herself for the ferocious March day. As she wraps her scarf around her neck, she pauses as she realizes she’d better put those names into her Palm now else she’ll forget by the time she gets home, and then it’ll be another week or two before she gets around to calling those lawyers. She pulls the piece of paper out of her purse where she’d stuffed it and then taps the Palm’s screen as she inputs two events per lawyer: one to find the phone number and one to call them. She’ll have to write down on her notepad next to the phone as to what to ask them. She doesn’t want to ramble, annoying the heck out of them.
The next day, she does just that. And then she calls both lawyers, reading out her spiel to the secretaries at each one (“admin assistant” to her sounds like an euphemism for brainless) and makes appointments to see them, one that Thursday, and the other the following Monday. They’re not as quick as Mr. Quickley was in slotting her in, but maybe that’s a good thing, maybe she’ll be more than a cog who’ll be tossed if she’s not his, or her, size and fit.

She’s right. The first lawyer meets with her for an hour in the ubiquitous lawyerly book-lined room with the solid-mahogany table and muted colours. It’s all hushed and professional. She’s liking this lawyer until she hears the word “deposit” followed by “three thousand dollars.” Her bank account is almost dry, even though it’s only mid-month. Her trust fund income is deposited on the first of each month and disappears almost immediately into paying off her VISA bill for all her medical appointments. Her monthly income from the temporary spousal support her family lawyer wrenched out of Jim is low. Her grandmother’s assistance with groceries is not enough to cover legal bills too. She shudders at the idea of asking her for more. She hopes that the next lawyer will take a contingency fee.
Fortunately, Mr. Mintken, the second lawyer she meets on Monday, does take a contingency fee. He ushers her into a south-facing plain conference room, a serviceable black round table standing in the middle, surrounded by simple yet comfortable chairs. The windows look out upon a courtyard. While he leaves to fetch his clerk, she takes her Palm out of her purse and lays it on the table. She puts her purse on a chair. Too restless to sit, she walks over to the window and looks down. Way, way down, people are hurrying through the fog and rain across the granite plaza, past the bare trees, and disappearing into a cold, 1970s skyscraper.
“Here we are,” Mr. Mintken says as he opens the door, ushers his clerk in ahead of him, and closes the door. She turns around and sits down, while the two pull out chairs to sit opposite her.
“Now then, I understand you had an experience with Akaesman. Tell me about it.”
She does, like she’s relating an abstract concept. The clerk takes notes on a yellow, lined pad while Mr. Mintken sits with his hands clasped on the table, watching and listening to her intently, occasionally asking her questions.
“Well, it’s obvious you’ve got the syndrome.”
“Oh?”
“Of course. You have trouble staying focused on me and listening. Your affect doesn’t match your story.”
She blinks, trying to absorb this support. “Mr. Quickley had an IQ test done …”
“I’m familiar with him and his methods.”
“Oh. Well, um, anyway, he said I’m too s-s-s-smart. It’s too high. The IQ.”
Mr. Mintken waves the very thought away as if a used Kleenex had dared to float by him on the wind. “That has nothing to do with anything. It isn’t your IQ that matters, it’s how you function. I see issues with memory, concentration, fatigue obviously, and listening. I can see that everything you do takes enormous effort on your part. When I look into your eyes, I see conflict and another presence, as if you’re battling for your identity. You’re telling me you haven’t written a song since the day it happened. People with all sorts of IQ levels can write songs, so clearly that has nothing to do with it. And people with all sorts of IQs can be invaded.
“But I understand where he’s coming from. Not everyone can see the subtle signs of your internal struggles. It’s much harder for people to see and understand problems with thinking and reading and identity than problems with walking. But don’t worry, we’ve handled cases like yours before. Unfortunately, the Shadow Court is becoming less and less about helping the Akaesman innocents and more and more about brushing the problems aside and putting the onus on the innocents to prove their invasions. It used to be all about helping them. But those days are long gone, and we must deal with that. It isn’t your fault this has happened. You are entirely innocent, yet you have been made to feel that somehow you’re to blame. You won’t experience that here. We are here to help you. All of us are here to help you. I mean that.”
His hazel eyes penetrate into her clouded brown eyes. She sits back in her chair, her arms falling from the table into her lap. He turns to the clerk, “Lisa here will carry on with you and answer any concerns you may have. She has a number of questions that we ask all our clients, and she’ll have you sign blank consent forms. This is so we can gather the evidence we need to build our case. We will need you to see some of our experts as well so as to strengthen the evidence, and I want to advise you that the Shadow Court will be sending you to their own experts. It’s part of the process. The process itself will take some time. The regulations set so many days to complete each step, but we all have other cases, and we have to take into account each other’s schedules. So be prepared for your case to take some time, although you won’t be involved between each step or even within some steps of the process. We want you to continue with what you are doing and not to worry about the case. As I mentioned earlier, we work on a contingency basis. Given how typical your symptoms are, we’re confident that we will get you compensation for your therapy and your income loss, and only then will we deduct our fee and disbursements. You’ll find in our brochure an explanation of how we calculate our fees. I should mention also that we will be seeking damages for pain and suffering, but don’t get your hopes up. Under the law, it’s miniscule and is a small part of your overall claim. If you have any questions, here’s my number, call me anytime,” he hands over his business card. “It’s been a pleasure meeting with you. You don’t have to worry anymore. It’s obvious you have Akaesman syndrome. We’ll handle all the dealings with the Shadow Court. You need therapy or anything else to help you recover, call me or Lisa, and we’ll add it to our case. Alright?”
“Alright,” she nods.
“Good,” he smiles at her. And then he stands up, reaches across the table to shake her hand firmly. She tries not to wince as the movement vibrates her sensitive neck and shoulder. And he’s gone with a whoosh of cool air flowing in and a click of the door. Lisa’s voice recalls her to what she’s supposed to be doing. She swivels her body toward her and answers the questions robot-like. She’s dreading the stack of consent forms she’ll have to fill out. But this time she’s with the right lawyer. She hopes.

~~~*~~~


chapter fifteen
MISERABLE COMFORTERS
ANOTHER DAY, ANOTHER medical appointment. One of the men waiting next to her to see her GP Dr. Basset said being ill is like a full-time job, with all the doctors and therapists he has to see. He’s so right. Dr. Basset doesn’t make her wait too long this March Friday, which she’s grateful for. She had to skip TARC in order to see him even though the appointment is well before her regular TARC time. But she can’t do both in one day, and she’d cancelled her homemaker too as she’d needed a break from imposed order. By 11:00 a.m., she’s free and on her way home to an entire almost-uninterrupted day. Bliss. She dreams of being able to wake up, knowing she doesn’t have some chore to do, like TARC or acupuncture or shopping, of being able to go out and have coffee with Nance like of old. That other life though is growing faint in her memory, that life of weekly coffee dates with Nance at the Starbucks on Yonge, season’s tickets with Charlie to the Factory Theatre, nightclubbing with Belinda. Perhaps this failure of memory is what acceptance is. Sucks.
The TTC at 11:00 a.m. is not so bad. It isn’t as infrequent and packed as right after rush hour; she actually finds a seat on the Woodbine North bus and even on the Bloor-Danforth subway. Unfortunately, some blonde-haired cutie has her music pulsing through her earbuds. Irritation floods her.
Music.
Oh, of course, she has her own. She pushes her own earbuds in, plugs them into her iPod Mini, and searches for music. Lenny Kravitz is sufficiently loud enough. She sits back on the flattened maroon fabric seat that’s not wide enough for her butt and shoulders and listens to American Woman. Her shoulder is pressed into the glass door partition, and the pain starts to seep through. She scootches over and sits partially on the steel seat dividers, like everyone else. The subway lurches to a stop, opening her eyes to the sight of one black-dressed young man sitting sideways on the forward facing twosome seat, back to the wall, his dusty shoes planted firmly on the aisle seat. Gross. Anger burns her chest. She looks away and down and sees used Kleenex, a paper coffee cup, and a couple of wrappers floating around underneath the three-seater opposite. Anger morphs to a storm that pushes against her lips, willing them to open and bark reprimands to that inconsiderate piece of —
She presses her lips together, tighter and tighter. Stupid asshole, didn’t his mother teach him manners; thinks he’s entitled to shit all over communal property that her taxes pay for; what a useless f —
Her lips try to part.
And that blonde — she thinks she’s the princess of Sheba, entitled to fill the train with her crappy, bad thump thump thump. Wouldn’t know good music if she heard it, the f —
Suddenly she scrabbles round in her waist purse for her sunglasses. She shoves them on, cranks up the volume, pulls her hat down, and crosses her arms. American Woman has gone on to Black Velveteen. The furious storm settles back into its pit.
With relief, she steps off the last of the TTC vehicles she’s forced to take and hoofs it up her street, past the school with kids bursting out its doors, herself passed by cars driving north, until at last she sees her home. Blessed quiet envelopes her as she closes her door against the chaos outside and hangs up her jacket and hat. Smokey thumps down the stairs and leaps onto that dining room chair. Her cat had liked doing that so much, she had decided to leave it in the living room. Plus it was too much work dragging it back to the table.
The chair comes to rest at precisely the right distance for her to stroke her cat. The tension leaves her as the soft fur tickles her hand and Smokey raises a purr to being obeyed. A song tugs at her mind, words are knocking at her consciousness, notes hovering just out of reach. Her hand stills on Smokey’s back, and then she suddenly trots upstairs. The keyboard cover resists being pulled off and with an irritated grunt, she yanks it up and to the side, dropping it on the floor. Pulling out the stool, she sits down, flexes her fingers, and looks at the keys. “Where is middle C?” she wonders. It’s so elusive. How can she play what’s nudging her mind if she doesn’t know where that damn key is? She sees it. It’s like a scene coming into focus in a pair of binoculars. She plays a few notes with her right hand, but they sound awfully low, and her arm doesn’t look quite right. She stops. Looks at the keyboard again, counts the keys, and realizes that what she’d thought was middle C was actually one octave down from the real middle C. Frustration flashes up. She raises her fists over the keys and freezes. The urge is so strong to slam them down, like she’s being egged on. She stands up, pushing the bench over, and steps to the desk in front of the window. Her hands refuse to unclutch; she breathes in deep the scene outside, of bare branches criss-crossing the air, up and up and up. She exhales slowly and lowers her head briefly to see last summer’s weeds stretching and waving to the sky. Clouds flit across her vision, cloaking the blue sky in grey. She slumps and lets go her fists. The greyness outside melts into the white IKEA gauze curtains on either side of the window. The black rod holding them up a sharp exclamation to the white walls. She’d liked the white and black combination when they’d decorated her music room, but today the starkness is like a sharp point of lost competence stabbing her over and over and over.
Maybe she can’t play the keyboard, but she can write, the thought emerges. Rona has been pleased with her progress, said that she’s way ahead of the normal client. The idea that the normal client isn’t usually a writer punctures her burst of resilience. But head drooped, she still sits down in front of her tempered glass desk, on the plain wood chair, and notices her feet underneath. She wiggles her toes and watches the top of her soft slippers move like an undulating pink wave.

Time moves, and her alarm to go eat lunch startles her. She fishes around in her pockets until she finds her Palm. She turns off the alarm, pulls a pad of lined paper toward her, and tries to write. She can feel the rough smoothness of the paper at the tip of her pen, smell the ink waiting to be released, but words elude her mind. Write, she admonishes herself. She pushes the pen hard into the paper, creating an indentation, and then stops. No letters, no words form under her hand. Her stomach hollows out; hunger calls her attention. She drops the pen, immediately forgetting she has a song to write.
Smokey is crunching her kibble into dust as she slouches by. The fridge reveals not much for her. Grandmother had been distracted and had whipped through the store on Wednesday. And she’s eating more than usual this week. She’s so hungry. She grabs the last two slices of bread in their bag, a slice of pre-sliced cheese out of its plastic package, and the mayo jar. She slaps some mayo on the bread, forgetting the jar on the counter, places the cheese on one slice of bread, puts the second slice on top and pauses. There’s a tomato sitting on the counter, all ripe and good looking. But it would take time and energy to slice it. Eat! That’s all that’s in her head.
And so she does.
Charlie should be on lunch break about now. The cordless phone is lying on the table where she’d been using it that morning to monitor the call display as the usual raft of telemarketers rang and rang. She keys through its phone book to find Charlie’s number and dials.
“You got Charlie.”
“Hi, it’s me.”
“Oh hey. “
“Hi. Um, I just called to say hello.”
“‘K.”
“Um, hello. How’s it, how’s it going?”
“Hang on, I got another call,” click. She waits, listening to the nothing sound of call waiting, sliding down in her chair.
“So yeah, what’s up?”
“I just got back from Dr. Basset’s. Thought I’d call, call you.”
“Uh-huh.” She hears him scribbling. She struggles to think of something to say, knowing that a life full of medical appointments is not the most scintillating thing to talk about, but what else is there to say?
“How’d it go?” Charlie asks into the silence.
“It went well. He’s liking my progress. Thinks I’m doing well.” She relaxes into her chair, “He said my heart rate is still f-f-f-fast, but my blood pressure is okay. No blood tests this visit.”
“That’s great. Wait a sec, gotta get this.” Click. More dead air.
“So when are you getting better?”
“Huh?” she answers, perplexed.
“You know, I mean out of this phase you got going on.”
“Phase?”
“You know what I mean.”
“Um, no.”
“Okay, look, I’ve never heard of Akaesman before. Okay, maybe I have heard of him. But I haven’t heard of him doing this kind of thing, and none of my other friends have either, you know. We all think you’ve been taken for a ride, and you gotta move on with your life.”
“I haven’t been taken for a ride,” she says in a dead voice.
“Yeah, you have. We’ve all heard stories of doctors creating work for themselves, therapists too. Gotta get this.” Click. She struggles to comprehend the hostility oozing out of the phone.
Click. “Yeah, look, I’m busy here. I think you need to see a real doctor, one whom we can trust, a professional. We’re worried about you.”
“You don’t need to be. I’m doing fine.”
“Uh-uh. I’ll get back to you with a name. It’s time you made some changes. ‘K?” Click. This time he hangs up the phone for good in her ear.
Changes? What is he talking about? All she does these days is change. Anger erupts; then it vanishes. She read one page, then two, and now she reads three in one day. She’s progressed to writing a whole page from a paragraph. She’s even remembering to feed and water Smokey every single day. Sure, she has that programmed into her Palm with an alarm, but that’s progress over before when she didn’t remember on her own.
She leans back in her chair and faces the blood-red wall. The colour was so vibrant and rich when it went on the new drywall, it made them feel alive. She hates it.
Energy seeps out of her. Using her knuckles to push herself up, one hand still holding the phone, she moves away from the table and stands up. The couch seems kilometres away, but she makes it and sighs as the cushions rise up to meet her. She slumps down and raises the phone to her eye level to stare at the display. It rings in her hand, startling her. It’s Bell, trying to reach her for the sixth time today, or so the Call Display says. She hates Bell. She already has her phone service with them. Why do they have to ring her too? Go to hell, she mouths at the phone. Stupid telephone company. She waits until the ringing stops, and then presses Talk. She’s too tired to call Nance, but if she doesn’t do it now, she won’t get her in the afternoon, or in the evenings, a time they used to chat regularly, catching up on the day. For the last few weeks, either Nance is not in or she’s in bed already. And she never gets her messages apparently. She was starting to get mighty pissed at her new boyfriend — what’s his name? — but Nance let it slip one time that he has a message pad he keeps by the phone to write down all the calls that come in, he’s that organized. She continues to stare at the phone, torn between her need to speak to an old friend, to connect with a fellow human being, and feeling like all she is, is a pest. Quickly, she punches the number in.
“Hi, how are you?”
“Hi Nance. Just calling to, to see how you are. You got a minute?”
“I’m eating lunch.”
“Oh, I can call back later. If you want.”
“No, don’t,” she chews, swallows. “It’s best to talk now.”
“Okay. How’s work?”
“The usual. You wouldn’t believe what my boss did,” she crunches on something, “today. She complained to our big boss that I was late. I tell her that I take the same train I do every day to work, but it was delayed again. I couldn’t tell her why because they never tell you why. My cell doesn’t work down there, and I think I forgot to charge it anyway. I thought if I went upstairs to look for a pay phone, the train would take off without me — you know how that always works — and I’d be even more late for work. For Chrissake I was only five minutes late anyway. She says I’m always late. But I’m not. It’s not my fault the TTC has become more unreliable. I’ve been coming in on time, even early, for years, and suddenly I’m unreliable because the last couple of weeks, the TTC is always delayed and we’re stuck in a tunnel, and I can’t do anything to get there faster?” She sucks on a straw, the drink gurgling.
“That’s awful. Why doesn’t she understand? Don’t they know when the trains get delayed?”
“You’d think, eh? But no.” She bangs a can down on a table and continues her saga. She finishes about the same time she stops chewing.
“What a day you’ve had. S-s-sounds rough.”
“How’s it going for you?”
“I went to see Dr. Basset again.”
“How’d that go? The last time you went, you weren’t doing well, you had flu or something and got worse. Did he say how long you were going to take to get better?”
“It took me a while to get over that. But I’m okay now. He s-s-said it wasn’t a cold, but traumatic rhi-rhinitis.”
“Traumatic what?”
“Rhinitis. A stuffy nose. He gave me a s-s-spray I have to use every day. It took a while to work. But I feel better now,” she says as if reciting racing scores.
“Oh,” computer keys start clicking.
“So anyway, um, he’s happy, uh, with my progress.”
“Uh-huh.”
“S-s-says I’m doing well, um liked my blood pressure,” she pauses. “Thinks my heart rate is a bit high …”
“Uh-huh.”
“I don’t know what he’s going to do.”
“That’s the problem isn’t it? They don’t know much. It’s like you’re on this big downhill train to bad health, and they’re all screwing around. Charlie says he knows someone, a real doctor. We think you should see him.”
“I am seeing a real doctor,” she says with a spurt of irritation.
“Dr. Basset is a GP, what does he know? He has to go by what the specialists say.”
“Not really,” she says to herself. “He’s got his own mind. He can read. He can think.”
“These therapists are making you worse. They’re enabling you. You used to have a great memory. Now with having you use this Palm and writing Post-its everywhere, your memory is bad. We notice you forget things, yet you know what’s going on in the world. What’s up with that? You say you can’t read, but you read the papers more than we do.”
“Yeah, the headlines,” she grimaces silently. “I can really fool people just by quoting headlines.”
“So there’s nothing wrong with your memory. And then there’s your depression.”
“My what?” she exclaims. Fury licks at her neutral mood.
“You’re depressed. Anyone can see that.”
“I am not!”
“You don’t need to get angry. You’re taking it the wrong way. We love you. Depression is nothing to be ashamed of, but you’re not dealing with it. It’s time for you to change.”
There’s that change thing again.
“You’ve always been a reader, you’ve always written these amazing songs. When was the last time you wrote a song? These so-called professionals have killed that in you, not this Akaesman no one’s heard of. That’s just an excuse to blow up your problems worse than they are. All you need is to take medication. That’s nothing to be ashamed about.”
Right.
“Prozac is great stuff. It’ll make you so much better. You’ll want to read and write again. You’ll see. You should talk to Dr. Basset about putting you on it. But you need to see this doctor. He’ll know what to do.”
Like the people I see don’t?
“Okay? You know what, I’m having a small party. Only twenty people or so. I think you should come. It’ll be good for you to get out. I know you say crowds make you feel claustrophobic, but it’s your moping around the house that’s making you claustrophobic and depressed. You have to get out more, out of the quiet, become used to dealing with crowds.”
As if I wasn’t used to dealing with them before, as if I didn’t love parties before, as if I wanted to start hating them. Not.
“It has nothing to do with Akaesman. Besides I want to talk to you, but I don’t have time for our phone calls. They’re so long.”
Maybe ‘cause you don’t answer them for days on end.
“A party will be a great way to catch up. How about it? It’s this Saturday. Nothing fancy, just some cookies and wine. It’ll be after dinner. I know you have some funny diet going on, but it won’t hurt you to drink a little bit, have some cookies. You can’t expect us to accommodate your every need. You have to be flexible. It’ll be good for you to let loose for a change. Okay?” She suddenly hisses, “My boss is coming. Bye.”
She jabs the End button. Why did she call? Stupid, stupid, stupid.
You’re not stupid.
Claustrophobic. Well, that’s one way of putting it. More like groups overwhelm her, blanking her mind, tensing her muscles, scratching at her amplified senses; crowds make her want to run screaming for the closest private bathroom where she can lean over the sink until her nerves calm down. It’s hard to talk one-on-one in groups with all the competing calls on her attention, the many voices, the diversity of clothing and colours, the overflowing buffets with their competing smells of sweet and drink, the odd perfume or cologne punishing her nose, the brushing of auras against her skin, the cacophony. She shudders at the nightmare.
The phone rings. She lifts it to her eyes. It’s Bell again. They’re so faithful. They’ll keep calling her until she finally answers. Only they keep calling her. Only they want to connect with her.
Smokey jumps up beside her. Absentmindedly, she strokes her cat’s tiny, soft head, her own head being supported by the couch back, her spine curved across the seat, her legs sprawled out from the seat. Smokey pushes her hand hard up and stomps onto her lap, forcing her to sit up with a grumbled ouch. Smokey kneads her paws into her jean-clad legs, turns a few times, and then snuggles down.

~~~*~~~


chapter sixteen
BULRUSHES CANNOT FLOURISH WHERE THERE IS NO WATER
TIME STRETCHES. AND snaps back, flinging her into confusion. One minute is like a day, a day a week, a week a month, a month stretches to infinity. It is very much like being a child again when a day was a year of adventure.
It’s spring, June, just a few days short of her two-year Akaesman anniversary, and the Shadow Court is sending her to a three-day vocational assessment as part of her revived lawsuit. They will send copies of the report to both Mr. Mintken and TARC. The location, a two-story brick building in the middle of nowhere, with only sad coffee shops and car repair places with cracked concrete aprons in sight. The bus drops her off at a stop across the street from where the building sits, nowhere near a traffic light or crosswalk. She looks left, then right, then left. She sees no cars zooming toward her and hurries across the wide road and to the ramp that ascends to the front door. She presses the automatic door opener button and waits patiently for the door to swing open. Truthfully, she doesn’t want to be here. She knows her vocation, she knows her goal in life, she’d rather be finding ways to regain that. But she must obey, else be labelled recalcitrant, unco-operative.
Plants sit on the reception desk, phones ring here and there, people walk hither and yon behind the reception desk. She feels a headache coming on, and she has three hours of assessments ahead. Not good.
She’s escorted up to the second floor into a large glaringly white room with overhead fluorescent lights and accordion walls, open for the moment. Long tables face each other, and plastic chairs are scattered around. Her escort leaves her there.
A young nondescript woman, carrying a folder of papers, walks up to her: “Hi, I’m Julie. I’ll be taking you through the vocational assessment. Why don’t you sit down here?” She grabs a chair, pushes it toward the table, and points her to it. She sits down and looks up at Julie as she continues to speak, “I’m going to do a series of tests over the next two days, and on the third I’ll give you your results, and we can start looking for a vocation for you.” Julie walks around the table and sits down across from her, laying her folder on the table; at the same time, she opens her other hand to reveal a gaudy-yellow and black plastic stopwatch that she places on the table. She opens the folder and extracts the first test, which consists of some papers stapled together, and reaches across the table to place the test in front of her. “The first tests we’ll do are math and language tests. We want to assess your literacy and numeracy skills. They’ll be timed. When I say go, you may start. Do as much as you can in the allotted time. There is no right or wrong; however long it takes you, that’s okay. And don’t worry, we don’t expect you to be able to do all the questions. Just do as much as you can. Okay?”
She nods and takes the pencil Julie hands her and pulls the stapled papers closer to her. She glances down at the top sheet. They’re vocabulary questions. She looks back up and watches as Julie pulls out a booklet from the folder and writes on it, picks up the stopwatch, clicks it on, and says, “Go.”
She puts her left hand on the paper and holds the pencil in her right. Vocabulary is easy. Being a reader all her life, she has an extensive one. She begins. Memories of getting sour looks about her vocabulary, hearing over and over how she was stuck up for knowing all those words, get in the way of doing the test. Well, they could’ve read books too and learnt those words. It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to learn words. She hears Julie breathing and remembers she has a test to do. She circles the right word for each definition — she knows she’s circling the right words because they’re dead easy. Did they think she’s illiterate? What level are they testing for? Do they know they should be testing her for the kind of artistic, mentally-challenging work she does? Or is this all about high school dropouts. Nothing wrong with dropouts, but why is she being tested at a level that has nothing to do with her? Aren’t they supposed to be assessing her for what she does? Who she was? She finds she’s losing her place along a line from definition through the four choices given. She uses her left index finger to keep her eyes on the line. A niggle that maybe they have low expectations for her tickles her mind. She thrusts it aside. Of course all these therapists and experts are supposed to be helping her regain her old abilities, her old talents. If Akaesman is only in her temporarily, why would they be treating her like she never graduated high school, like she never went to university, like she’ll never write songs again? Do they expect she’s forever damaged and no good for her old career? No. This can’t be true.
“Time.” Julie takes the test from her and repeats the procedure with a spelling test. Julie says the word out loud, and she has to spell it out loud. No chance for her thoughts to stray as Julie’s voice keeps intruding, ensuring she stays on track. But she wonders how long these tests are. She did them before, for that Quickley asshole, and his tester gave her far less time, she’s sure. But then what does she know about time. When she thinks an hour has elapsed, it’s either fifteen minutes or two hours. When she thinks it’s noon, it’s 1:15 p.m.
“You’re doing great. We’ll move on to math skills.”
She nods. Fatigue is seeping from her chest into her muscles; cotton wool is growing round her head. But this deadening is normal for her. If she let fatigue stop her, she’d be permanently planted in front of the television, like Jim was when he came back from that camping trip. He’d become an instant Survivor fan and —
Julie interrupts her thoughts: “Here’s a calculator to help you.”
A calculator? Isn’t this test about her numeracy skills. She didn’t get a calculator last time she had to do this test. She used to be good with numbers. Like notes on music paper, they sang to her. But now … well what a relief she gets to cheat with a calculator.
Julie says, “Go.” She picks up the pencil and begins. The first question is easy, add two small numbers. But each question is harder and harder. She strains to remember her long-gone algebra.
“Time.”
F —. She didn’t finish again. Well, at least she completed more questions this time than last.
“How’d you find it?”
“Hard. I, I used to know all this stuff down cold.”
“It’s what happens to everyone. We lose our math skills as we age and don’t use them. This tests up to grade ten level, but no one is able to do all the questions.” She gathers up the papers, taps them into line, and puts them into the folder. “Okay, we’re done for the day. I’ll see you tomorrow for the next set of assessments.” Julie escorts her down the stairs and out.
It’s cool for a June afternoon. She waits at the bus stop and watches as a stream of working women come toward her, kerchiefs on their head, clutching giant clear bags filled with fabric of some sort or another, all gaggling like schoolgirls. They fill the bus, and it pulls away from the curb with a strained roar as it heads to the Spadina subway line.
She sways with the bus, her emotions sloshing up like small ocean waves growing into larger ones as the earth underneath heaves. She’s angry. She’s angry at doing the same tests over and over, angry that no one is examining what she needs, what she’s looking for, angry that she tests fine yet in the real world she performs so poorly and with so much effort, no matter how simple the task. She hates her fatigue. No one — no one! — thinks how its relentless presence affects her week after week, year after year, for two years. She wants it gone, and all they talk about is living with it. The fury drives her all the way home and to the cupboard for a 100 g bar of 70 percent chocolate.
The next day, a Tuesday, she’s back in the same glaring white room at noon. This time, an older man is sitting there. She stares at him while she waits for Julie to organize the test papers. He seems to have a shoulder injury of some sort; he moves his right shoulder carefully, slowly.
Julie’s voice recalls her, “Today, we’ll be looking at your interests. These ones aren’t timed.” Julie explains the one-to-five ranking system and leaves her while she reads each question laboriously and ponders whether her answer is a one, two, three, four, or five in interest. Some are easy. She’s so not interested in sawing wood; others are more difficult as she struggles to figure out what she likes now versus what she used to like doing. It’s so hard to let go of the old self, she wants so much to be her old self again, to have that old life again. And she has no clue who she is today. She waits after reading each question for the answer to coalesce in her brain and sweat out through the cotton wool firmly wrapping her mind. When in doubt, she answers as she used to be. She turns the last page over with relief and closes the booklet. She flips it back up so that the cover is facing her and then goes to find Julie.
“I’m finished.”
Julie nods and takes her back to the table, picking up a block and a box of tools and pegs on the way. Julie demonstrates to her how to put the pegs in the holes on the board and in what order. This is like a kid’s game. No problem, she thinks, until she takes the first peg to put it in its hole with her right hand. The peg doesn’t go in. She almost has to slide it along and push it in. She’s right-handed. Why is she so clumsy? Her left hand is no better. Strength drains from her hand up her arm through her shoulder and out, leaving the whole limb limp. Heat fills her chest; the elephant stomps on it and then settles in. Her teeth grind together; her jaw clenches before releasing abruptly as it too loses energy to do anything but sag open, her mouth sucking in air. Her forehead, like yesterday, starts to ache and then to freeze. She hangs onto the knowledge that once the tests are over, the headache will go. After the peg board test is over, Julie asks her to use tools to manipulate objects on another board. Finally, that too is over. She shakes her hands loose.
“Okay, we’re done for the day. I’ll see you tomorrow,” Julie says.
She sits back with relief before gathering up her purse and leaving.

Wednesday is the last day. Last day. She repeats that phrase over and over on the long bus ride up. This time Julie leads her to a table in a corner of the room and then isolates them by pulling the accordion walls closed. Julie explains the paper test to her — she has to look one at a time at diagrams of a box or shape that are drawn as they would look if open and then choose which one of four other shapes would be the boxes closed — and that she’ll be timing her. But she leaves her alone once she begins the test, opening and closing the accordion wall behind her. She has no sense of how many minutes are ticking by. As usual, each shape becomes progressively more complex; it becomes harder to perceive which of the choices given is that shape closed. She fears that with the standards so low here that if she’s too quick, she’ll be told she’s fine. But if she’s too slow, she can’t do her job. She finishes before the time is up. Julie bangs back the accordion wall and tells her she can rest for a minute while she tallies up the rest of the test results. She lays her head down.

Suddenly, Julie has rejoined her in this private area. They go over the results together. She’s above average in verbal aptitude but not at the top. The same with math. Yet her visual-spatial skills are at the very top. Go figure. Julie starts telling her what all this means. She begins with the news that there will be no more songwriting. That’s all she hears. It drowns everything else Julie is saying.
She interrupts Julie, “What do you mean, no more songwriting?”
Julie pauses, “Well, it means you have to slow down, step back from your songwriting. Maybe in five to ten years, you’ll be able to return to it, but you can’t do it now. You need to look for something you can do, something you can do now. Now is all that matters. I know others will be telling you what they think you should do but ignore them. Their expectations are wrong for you as you are today; they’ll only frustrate and anger you and hold you back from improving. It’s baby steps right now, and that’s okay. Baby steps are good because they’re still going forward.” Julie looks at her, as if to imprint her thoughts on her. She looks back, simply absorbing, not processing. Julie looks down at her folder and continues, “So let’s look at your short-term goals. They can be part-time jobs in areas you can do now while you relearn the skills you need to return to your old career. That’ll be your long-term goal. I’m not saying you can’t write songs again. Just not now.
“Maybe in five years, you can try again. Play your keyboard when you can, practice your writing as you’ve been doing. But also pursue successes in a structured routine that a workplace can give you. That will help you retrain. It will help you find those self-discovery skills once again.”
She sits there hearing Julie, becoming numb. And then suddenly tears well into her eyes. She can’t stop them. They want to turn into sobs. She struggles to control herself so that she can speak: “I can’t, I can’t. I can’t not write s-s-songs anymore? How is that? You said my verbal aptitude is above average,” she ends, her voice rising.
“Yes, but your reading and writing skills need to be at the top for writing kinds of jobs, including writing songs. Recovery is going to be really slow and hard. You must have patience. I’ve set up the computer so that you can search for suitable part-time jobs in your areas of aptitude. When you’re ready, come out, and I’ll show you the program.” Julie leaves, shutting the accordion wall behind her.
She can hear voices and footsteps, the clinking of tools, on the other side of the wall. She sits staring at the close walls of her isolated space. Her head slowly sinks down to the table as her arms rise up to cradle it. This is so awful. How can someone be so matter-of-fact about the end of her dream, her career? Who she is? She feels another cycle of crying about to emerge. She pushes her chair back abruptly, fights her way through one of the accordion walls, and almost runs to the bathroom. She turns on the tap to run cold water, leans over the utilitarian sink, and soaks her face until the tears subside. She pats her face dry with rough, brown paper towel and returns reluctantly to the unhappy room. She finds Julie in an alcove at the back. Julie shows her that program she had spoken about on an old DOS computer, its fat grey monitor and green text on black screen blinking her options at her. Struggling against her great need to nap and never wake up, she searches for suitable jobs. When the computer suggests fire captain, a job she’s eminently not qualified for, never having even been in a boat in all her life, the absurdity of it jerks her awake. She looks around for Julie, sees her with that old man, who is looking distinctly unhappy as she guides him through that manual dexterity test. She feels sorry for him. His shoulder is going to hurt like hell at the end of that. She walks over, tells Julie she’s done, and as she thumbs her iPod Mini to Feist’s Let It Die, cranking it up, she walks out into the freedom of the open air.

That Friday, she vents her agony to Sunny for being sent there and for being told that she can’t write songs anymore, can’t play music, that she’ll have to find another line of work, like fire captain. Who the hell thinks she can be a fire captain? And why is that a viable part-time job — and who can captain a fireboat in Toronto harbour part-time anyway — when writing is not? She steams on, righteous fury at the absurdity and injustice of it all energizing her.
“Why not prove them wrong?” Sunny interrupts her, softly, sympathetically.
“What?”
“Prove them wrong. You need to write songs, you’ve told me that many times. So relearn. You’ve explained how it feeds your soul, and anything that feeds your soul is good to overcome Akaesman. All that’s in the way of you doing that, writing songs, is Akaesman. He’s blocking you from accessing your vocabulary, your verbal skills, your music skills. Work on pushing past him and reclaiming them.”
“How do I do that?”
“There must be a writing course, one for songwriting, or a music course that teaches composition, maybe on the Internet. You’re good at finding help, and you know your way around the Internet. A course will help you relearn. It’ll fire up those neurons, get them to grow round the blocks he’s put in. It may take you awhile to find that course, but you’ll find it. I have faith in you.”
“Takes me forever to find anything,” she mutters.
“No matter how long it takes, you will get there. Baby steps.”
God, she hates that phrase. Baby steps. Well, she hasn’t been a baby in decades. She doesn’t want to be a baby now. She hates baby steps!
“How about it? Prove them wrong?”

~~~*~~~


chapter seventeen
CATCHING TRANSGRESSIONS
MR. MINTKEN LEADS her through glass doors to a reception desk in a cramped waiting room on the fourteenth floor of a sterile Toronto office building, with its low ceilings and flimsy walls. It’s 10:00 a.m. and almost a year after that horrible vocational assessment. Discovery time. He tells her to sit while he goes to see if the others are here. She sits. And she waits. And she thinks. She thinks about Mintken’s instructions: keep answers short; only answer what they ask; pause before answering in case he considers the question inappropriate and needs a chance to interrupt before she answers; answer only what is asked; stick to the truth; don’t embellish. She leans her head back, hoping she can do this, yearning for company, reliving all the “no” responses when she’d asked her grandmother and her friends if they’d come with her, of their stated busy-ness, of their importance to others in their work and personal lives, their implication of her non-importance. Grandmother had simply said to her that she didn’t need her physical presence, that she could do it on her own, that she had her lawyer.
Fear not.
She snorts, straightens her head, and looks at the magazines on the small round table beside her, but reading is no longer stress busting; it’s unnerving, all those words rising up off the page and disappearing into meaninglessness, twisting and turning themselves into other words, making her read the first sentence over and over, pushing her to concentrate harder and harder until finally it makes sense. And then it’s on to the second sentence. She fishes her iPod Mini out of her pocket, puts the earbuds in, and presses it to start. Tick tick tick tick tick, the clock of Madonna’s Hung Up ticks into her brain until her eyes droop.

“We’re up,” Mintken says, snapping her awake. She stops the Mini, stuffs it into her purse, picks up her lunch bag, and follows him down a narrow corridor lined with doors until they get to the end. They enter the only open door on the left and almost bump into the back of a court reporter, who’s sitting at one end of a black rectangular conference table, facing the windows looking out onto the cool May day, with its cloud-interrupted blue skies.
The reporter’s all set up ready to go. The other two occupants of the room are standing, joking. The laughter stops as they see her appear from behind Mintken. They take their seats solemnly. She and Mintken sit on the left of the reporter; the men on the right. The lawyer directly across from her speaks.
“Hello, I’m Mr. Lance, and this is my colleague Mr. Brill. I am representing the government body within the government that oversees Akaesman and his activities. Mr. Brill is representing the Shadow Court. We are here for discoveries, that is, to determine the extent of your Akaesman syndrome, or even if you have it, as you have represented it to the Court. I will be conducting most of the interview, but my colleague Mr. Brill may occasionally ask his own questions. Do you understand?”
“Yes,” she replies as she recalls Mr. Mintken’s instructions: don’t nod or shake your head; answer in short sentences; don’t elaborate. She worries about her all-pervading fatigue, how listening will suck what energy she has dry. She hopes she’ll understand the questions and answers what they actually asked instead of what she thinks they asked. She braces herself against the back of the chair.
Mr. Lance opens a file folder and moves a piece of paper from one side of his folder to the other. Looks at it for a bit, then raises his well-coiffed head, shoots his cufflinked-cuff out of his jacket, laces his hands together on top of the folder, clears his throat, and asks, “Tell me about the night in question, in your own words.”
“Um, well,” she sits up, shifts a bit, and thinks back to the time she’s sick of thinking back to. Maybe this will be the last time. Yeah, right. “It was a nice night,” she begins calmly, slowly, in a low voice. “It was actually morning. Not long after midnight.” She remembers the exact time, but decides that extra detail isn’t needed. She continues in a monotone. “We were driving on Horseshoe Road. I mean, I mean Horseshoe Hill Road. Back to Toronto when we, when we entered the woods. A forest. It was dark. The sky was clear. I don’t know why the sky was so clear when it was so dark in those woods.” She stops in thought. “I wanted to leave. But …” She realizes that speaking against Jim was a detail best left out, pauses, and then clears her throat and continues, “Jim, well, Jim was driving. Anyway. Um, this wind came out of nowhere. It hit my side of the car. It s-s-spun us around. Jim got us righted again and out of the forest f-f-fast.”
“Jim was speeding?”
“No.”
“But you said fast.”
“Well, but, but, it was a highway. You go fast on a highway. He wanted to get us out of the way fast, s-s-safe.”
“Safe?”
“Yes safe. Jim got us out of the s-s-spin the wind sent us into. Without us hitting anything.”
“You’re sure he didn’t hit anything?”
She nods then remembers to speak, “Yes, I’m sure.”
“We may have documentation proving that Jim went into the ditch and hit a tree. It wasn’t the wind that caused the damage to the car.”
She stares at him. Blinks twice. “Your documentation is lying. Jim hit nothing. We didn’t s-s-stop. We slowed down, and he pulled us out of the s-s-spin. He sped back up to get us out of the f-f-forest.”
“So he was speeding.”
Are these lawyers stupid? She gawks at him for a moment as she appraises his intent. No, not stupid, playing word games. Fury fights her neutral calm, “He wasn’t. He didn’t even reach highway speed even though it was a highway. We didn’t hit anything.” Anyone who says we did is lying, but she doesn’t say that last bit out loud.
“Alright,” he makes a note and then looks back up at her. “Continue your story.”
“Well,” she starts, neutral again. “Somehow the wind cracked the window on my s-s-side. I felt air all over me. But that f-f-feeling left me once we cleared the f-f-forest. On the other s-s-side a cop waved us over. Well, um,” she frowns and pauses. “It wasn’t a cop exactly. He called himself the, the Akae-Ak-Akae-Akaes-s-sman Patrol. There was some sort of ambulance there too with a, with a paramedic. We were asked to get out, and, and the paramedic checked me over.”
“And what did that paramedic find?”
“She said, she said I had some mild s-s-strains in my neck and shoulder. The cop, I mean the Akae-Akae-Akaesman Patrol said I should go s-s-see my GP. I did.”
“Alright, let’s go back into your history. You’re an only child, right?”
“Right.”
“And your parents died when you were …?”
“Nine.”
“Who took care of you?”
“My grandmother.”
“That must’ve been traumatic for you.”
“I guess.”
“Losing your parents is a big trauma.”
Was it? She guesses it was, but it’s only three years after her encounter with Akaesman, while it’s too many years to count after her parents died. And that old pre-Akaesman life is fading. It’s become the story of another person, still her but not related to her current story. She’s started unpacking those boxes Sunny had talked about; she finally understood that she had to in order to stay sane because she’d changed so much from whom she used to be. She had thought her whole life that losing her parents was the worst thing that could happen to her. She was wrong. Losing herself is. Watching another gobble her up, being unable to do anything about it, still being alive: that was traumatic.
“So your parents, losing them is a big trauma,” Mr. Lance interrupts her reverie, a bit impatiently.
Is, he’d said. She suddenly realizes he’s using the present tense. “It was. But this is worse.”
“I see,” Mr. Lance looks over at Mr. Brill, who’s leaning back in his chair, his hands locked over his paunch, his frilly hair an exclamation mark at the top of him. He shakes his head. Mr. Lance looks back down at his notes. “So you lived with your grandmother. You were sick a lot?”
“Huh?”
“That kind of trauma, it must’ve caused you a lot of time off from school, made you sick?”
“Uh, no. Grandmother ensured I went to s-s-school every day. I hardly got a cold.”
“I see.” He flips a page to the next one. “Tell me about Jim.”
“Jim?”
“Yes. What was your relationship like before the incident?”
“It was good.” Memories surface of their times together, of meeting at Baskin Robbins when both were working there one summer, feeling an instant connection, meeting up at the subway and walking to class together hand in hand after university resumed, him asking her to marry him. She softens as she sees him once again kneeling down in the autumn leaves before her and pulling out the ring as if by magic when they were out on their regular weekend ravine walk and then finding their house, their very own house, just the right kind of fixer upper, with lots of windows, after many months of searching, planning on what they were going to do, starting their careers, and supporting each other …
“Your relationship was good? Really? No problems, no bad days?” Mr. Lance interrupts her memories.
“It was good,” she repeats in a monotone.
“It was good?”
“Yes,” and suddenly tears erupt, washing her corneas with salty water. She blinks, inhales, braces her heart, nothing works. She’s about to go into full sobbing mode in front of these men who’re trying to crucify her, in front of the automaton reporter, in front of her lawyer. No way. She stands up, her chair flying backwards, hops over the electrical cords sprouting from the reporter’s equipment, yanks open the door, and speeds toward the bathroom. She hates public bathrooms, but right now this one is a haven from those men. They can’t follow her in.
She stands in front of the mirror, bracing herself against the counter, head bowed over the sink, heaving tears, pouring out her pain onto the porcelain and Formica. She’d cried only once for Jim after he had left; it was as if he’d never been in her life. She didn’t miss him; doesn’t miss him. But then nobody asks her about him, not since those first few phone calls immediately upon him leaving. Her friends had expected her to get over him. They had told her only days after he’d left that it was time for her to move on, to find another man. Yet Belinda takes weeks or months to get over her breakups, and she’d seen acquaintances fall into a deep depression, looking like they were almost catatonic when their mates had left. She hadn’t done that. And no one had found it strange. Belinda had said only that it proved they weren’t meant for each other, that she hadn’t really loved him. But she knows. She knows that Akaesman has blocked all her emotions from her; only questions — intrusive questions from people who are her enemy — can break through that block and pull her emotions out.
Suddenly they’re gone. She looks up into the mirror. Her eyes are red but dry. Sighing, she turns on the cold water, splashes her face, and pats it dry. “You’re strong,” she tells her reflection. “You can do this. You may be on your own, everyone having jobs to do, busy-ness to indulge, but Mintken is on your side.”
And not only Mintken.
She frowns at the voice. There’s another presence, a faint light of strength surrounding her, buoying her into peace. She pulls open the bathroom door partially with her pinky — people who don’t wash their hands really gross her out — and then fully open with her foot and heads back to the conference room for more “discovery” questions.
They’re in the coffee room next door. Laughing and chatting, they stop as soon as they see her.
“Give me a moment with my client, would you?” Mr. Mintken asks. The other two nod and leave for the conference room. When they’re gone, Mintken asks, “How are you?”
“Fine.”
“Are you ready to continue?”
“Yes.”
“Good. You’re doing fine. Remember don’t elaborate. Don’t argue with them, just answer their questions with as few words as possible. Keep it short. Give them nothing to chew on. Okay?”
“Okay. I’ll do better now.”
He nods, encouragingly, “Would you like a coffee before we go back in?”
She nods yes. Mintken pours some out for her, hands her the Styrofoam cup. She’d found some organic sugar packets at Whole Foods that she can take around with her so that she can avoid the chemical-tasting white sugar. She retrieves a couple of packets from her purse, rips them open, and pours them into the scalding black liquid. Nothing she can do about the milk, having no organic dairy on her person, but black coffee with sugar is good enough. She takes a couple of the flimsy plastic stir sticks and stirs slowly. They walk back to the conference room and sit in their chairs. She takes a sip and puts down her cup carefully. Leaning back, she lifts her head and bores her eyes into Mr. Lance. Now she is ready.

~~~*~~~


chapter eighteen
A TORRENT BED OF KINDNESS
HER CHEST ACHES. Oxygen flees her lungs. Butterflies rule her stomach. The discovery seven months earlier hadn’t made her want to heave like this, like she wants to on this late December day. Yet to find answers she must walk forward into that elevator and rise up to the eleventh floor and enter Dr. Scold’s office. She listens to Bif Naked defiantly singing Tango Shoes for courage as she rehashes what Charlie had told her about this man, this professional, this family and marriage therapist he wants her to see with him and the others. He considers groups of friends a family too and has agreed to hold a family meeting with all of them: Charlie, Nance, Belinda, and herself. She’d asked if Grandmother could join, and they’d said yes. They know her well, even if they saw her only on holidays during the many years they’ve known each other. She takes her hat off, shaking her long hair out, before pressing the up button. She’s late.
Dr. Scold had spoken to her before this meeting to ensure that this is what she wanted. It isn’t really, but what choice does she have since they’re barely talking to her, she doesn’t know why, and they won’t say. This is the only way to find out. This meeting will give her answers. She hopes. He went over the ground rules with her, and he had asked her to show up fifteen minutes before the rest arrived to review again how the meeting would run.
Ding. The elevator doors slide open. She steps onto the elevator’s floor, turns, and stands between its piceous glass walls. Alone. She presses the button for the eleventh floor and watches through the closing doors, through the heavy glass front doors, her last view of the grey chilly outside world disappear. The elevator lifts her up, and before she’s ready, she’s standing outside Dr. Scold’s door with its neatly lettered metal nameplate to the side of it. He had said to come on in when she got there. So she does.
The small waiting room is empty; no one is behind the reception desk. It is Sunday after all, the last day of the first half of Advent, which she remembers her parents telling her looks forward to the return of Jesus at the end of time. She’s not sure why she remembers that trivial detail. It means nothing to her. Perhaps it’s some erstwhile memory rising up. Or maybe she saw a sign as the bus trundled past church after church on the long trip here.
She hears muffled steps, and soon a tall, aesthete looking man is standing in front of her, hand outstretched. She gingerly offers her limp hand, trying futilely to protect her still sensitive shoulder. He helps her off with her coat and hangs it up on a coat rack. She stuffs her hat and woven acrylic gloves into the coat pockets before hugging her purse to her chest and following him into a large light-filled room filled with various armchairs and 1960s-style macramé plant holders suspending spider plants in three corners. He points her to a chair while closing the door. He sits on an ergonomic, wheeled one, close to the door while she sinks and disappears into a large charcoal velour armchair.
“As you know I’m a trained psychologist and a registered marriage and family therapist. I’ve run many of these kinds of family meetings where the family is a group of concerned friends. Charlie has given me permission to tell you that he’s been my patient for many years, and over the past few, he’s expressed more and more concern for you and your situation. I agreed to this meeting, primarily to help him, but helping him means helping you as you mean much to him.
“I’ve drawn up an agenda. You will speak first, and then each of the others will speak. We will then open it up for respectful group discussion. Please do not interrupt the others when they’re speaking. I will ensure all of you have a chance to speak, but respect for each other is primary here. Accordingly, I ask that you not call anyone names, and I have asked the same of them.” He holds out a copy of the agenda for her to take, and she heaves herself up and out the chair, takes it, and settles back down to read it. Luckily, it’s only a few lines widely spaced apart.
“Is there anything in particular you wish to discuss?”
She’s thought of nothing else but her question why. Why are they ignoring her? Why have the phone calls become so infrequent, them so hard to reach? They don’t even return her messages. She doesn’t understand.
He nods as she expresses her pained confusion out loud and encourages her to ask these questions.
A faint tonal beep-beep comes through the door.
“Excuse me. I believe the others are here.”
The butterflies rise up and do a tattoo on her ribs, making her stomach heave, filling her throat. Hot, gleeful anticipation oozes down to meet them and presses itself right out through her pores. Fear grips her. She remembers Dr. Jones’s advice and immediately starts to breathe deeply, rhythmically in and out, starting with a count of three and deepening into a count of five. Her muscles release; the butterflies settle; the anticipation sulks back into its den.
“Hey, how are you doc?” she hears Charlie greet Dr. Scold. Charlie walks in to the group room soon after, dressed in black jeans, a new black shirt, Gucci loafers, a Rolex discreetly showing from underneath his cuff, and a new hairstyle reminiscent of a 1950’s good boy. She smiles closed-mouth at him, words refusing to come. He sits down in one of three grey brocade chairs, the one to the immediate left of Dr. Scold’s. Soon after, Belinda bounces in, dressed in a tight black silk-wool suit with a wide princess collar and silky white camisole peeking from underneath. Nance follows more slowly dressed in her usual garb of black acrylic cardigan, black T-shirt, black woollen wide pants, black stockings, and black pumps. She feels depressed just looking at her. Grandmother brings up the rear. Dr. Scold follows them in, closing the door behind him.
“Please take a seat and thank you all for coming.” Belinda sits next to Charlie, Nance next to Belinda, and Grandmother between herself and Nance. The wall is on her other side.
“You all know the rules, here’s the agenda,” he hands a sheaf of papers to Charlie, explaining briefly how the meeting will go, that she will begin, while Charlie takes the top one and passes the sheaf on. They each take their own copy, and Dr. Scold gestures to her.
She takes a deep breath, pulls out a sheet of paper on which she’d written what to say, opens her mouth, and reads, forcing the words out: “I’m here because I don’t understand, I don’t understand what’s happened between us. I’ve had a difficult f-f-few years, but we always knew we’d be there for each other in tough times. Blood may be thicker than water, we used to say, but so is friendship. I knew that when you came and sat with me after my diagnosis. You supported me in those early months, and I was so grateful for that, especially as Jim had started travelling so much. But for the last year, you’ve grown more and more distant. You don’t take my calls …”
“May I interrupt here,” Dr. Scold says. “We don’t want to use “you” statements here. Let’s use “I” statements so we don’t sound accusing,” Dr. Scold sits back and nods at her to continue.
“I” statements? Okay. “Well, um …,” she looks around at the blank faces, and her mind follows suit. She forgets about the paper in her hands.
“You were saying,” Dr. Scold prompts.
Her eyes return to his face. “I was saying, I was saying that I feel,” he nods at her encouragingly, “hurt. About how, about how our relationships have changed, that you’ve. No. That I feel a distance between us. I’m confused and hurt about why we rarely s-s-speak on the phone or even email each other. You don’t return …,” he shakes his head. She pauses, “Um, uh, you … well, we! We rarely speak. I miss that.” She falls silent. She has no idea how to say, without saying you, “you ignore me, you treat me like I’m a burden, you punish me for having AS as if I can magically change the injuries he’s caused, as if I have a broken leg but should be able to walk normally without a limp. You criticize me for needing you and try to get me to conform to your idea of who I should be while talking about how compassionate you are and understanding of my situation. You’re self-absorbed and complain that I am. You complain I talk endlessly about myself and always about my troubles, but my troubles rule my life. If I’m to talk about myself, that’s all there is to talk about right now. What am I supposed to do? Talk about the weather, never about myself, while you talk about your work, your clients, your bad cold, how tired you are, your bad day. You have a bad day; I’m having a bad year, no, bad years. Plural.” She says none of this. Instead she says flatly, without pause: “I just want to understand why our friendships have changed.”
“Alright. Thank you. Charlie, why don’t you go first.”
“Thank you Dr. Scold,” Charlie says in a serious tone. He clears his throat, “I want to say we’re here because we love you.” The other two nod in sync. “We want the best for you, and we’re concerned about you. We’ve called this intervention …” Her heart skips. Intervention? They think she’s on drugs? She looks over at Dr. Scold. He’d said a family-type of meeting. He’s watching Charlie encouragingly. She doesn’t understand. When did this become an intervention, and why is Dr. Scold okay with that? “… because we’re concerned ‘bout how obsessed you’ve become with this Akaesman thing. That obsession worries me, you gotta know. The agitation within me urges me to speak to you. Frankly, we don’t believe you. We know you don’t have this Akaesman thing, being, whatever, in you. You’re depressed, and you need to acknowledge that instead of using Akaesman as an excuse for your behaviour.”
Her behaviour? And why does he get to say “you”? Therapist’s pet?
Charlie pauses as he looks eagerly into her eyes.
She speaks ploddingly, “I accept what you’ve said.” Well, she does accept it. It’s what he believes, the stupid fuck. Be narrow-minded and judgemental, why don’t you. Her face sinks into stone.
“I’m glad to hear that, you know,” he nods at her portentously, “that you’ve accepted that you’re depressed.”
“No,” she pauses. “I didn’t say that. I am not depressed. But I accept that you believe that.”
Charlie frowns, “Oh. I’m sorry to hear that. We’re really worried ‘bout you, and, you know, this increases my, our, worry more.” He looks over at them, and they nod silently. He leans forward, hands on thighs, “You know, you need to change. You can’t go on this way. You’re harming yourself, and you’re harming us. I’ll let Belinda speak to that. Belinda.” He sits back up.
“Hey babe, I gotta agree with Charlie. We love you and all, but when you went off at me on Thanksgiving — you remember Thanksgiving last year, that little shindig you put on for your Grandmother and Nance, and what you did? That really frightened me. Nance remembers.”
“Yes, I do. I had to calm Belinda down afterwards. So what if she didn’t know she was coming until she came? I told her you’d be happy to have her there. But you blew up at her for no good reason,” Nance relates enthusiastically.
“I’m your friend, you know,” Belinda whines. “I came to celebrate with you, and you got angry. At me. You yelled at me. It was frightening, babe. You invited me, and suddenly you didn’t want me? What’s that all about?”
She stares at Belinda silently, thinking but not saying, “Yeah, but I also said to give me an answer the Wednesday before ‘cause I needed the time to prepare, and you said no. So suddenly it’s okay to change your mind when you all know I need notice? I told you my social worker had convinced me to do something social and how to set the parameters so I could succeed. And you stupid fucks fucked it up for me, and then blamed me for your fucking attitude problem. Fuck.”
“I told you …,” she begins out loud.
Dr. Scold holds up his hand, “Please, as I asked you, don’t interrupt. One speaker at a time.”
She shuts her mouth, her chest burns furiously, her eyes bore into him, as he turns back to Belinda and smiles at her, “Please continue.” While Belinda yaks on, she mutters imprecations against them, recalling how she told them that she needed time to prepare, time to buy the stuff, time to figure out how much to buy. It was only a simple pre-Thanksgiving time together of coffee and croissants, but it was a huge deal for her to prepare and to manage her fatigue and to be able to effing enjoy it. And where did all that planning get her? Fucking nowhere. Where was she supposed to suddenly find an extra croissant? She couldn’t do a large, noisy Thanksgiving feast like before. This was her way to celebrate quietly with her friends, and they screwed it up and then said she should apologize? She did ‘cause she’s nothing if not fucking obedient. She’d phoned Belinda half an hour later. Belinda had taken her apology as her due and offered none in return even though Belinda had responded to her hyperventilating panic with self-righteous yelling. What’s wrong with their memories?
She interrupts Belinda, “You said you didn’t want to come.”
Belinda pauses with mouth open, “Hey, I wanted to surprise you. What’s wrong with surprising you. You gotta be flexible, is what you need to learn.”
“Flexible? Flexible!” She pulls air in, mind blanking at the sheer stupendous selfishness she’s facing, unable to defend herself, hearing no defence of her, only seeing the gang together watching her, judging her. Strength descends upon her, invisible arms hug her, surround her, and infuse her with cool peace. The burning in her chest subsides. For the moment. She shifts in her chair so that she’s sitting with her feet flat on the floor and looks directly into Belinda’s eyes: “You know I do better with routine. I’ve explained over and over how routine helps me manage my fatigue better, how I get more done and feel better without surprises. I don’t get overwhelmed. When I get overwhelmed, I don’t cope well. You knew that. You know that.”
“Hey, that’s not good enough,” Belinda pushes back. “You’re using this Akaesman as an excuse babe, and we just don’t believe you.”
She squints at Belinda then the other two as they nod in sync, wondering what magical form of thinking got them to the point where they think she’s capable of fooling numerous experts with years and years of experience?
“You’ve got to learn spontaneity. You can’t be that rigid babe. That’s why we’re here, you know. We’re here for you, to help you, eh? You need to change and become more flexible.”
“And to be honest,” Nance adds, “that story you told me about seeing that being and eating that magical bun, what did you call it …?”
“Srukar,” she responds flatly. She’d told Nance that in confidence, wanting to share that whole strange experience with someone she trusts: Nance. She had sounded so understanding when she’d told her, so supportive.
“Right. Well, that worried us.” The others nod. “We had serious concerns about your sanity, about how safe you are to yourself and frankly to us too.”
Dr. Scold speaks up, “What I’m hearing is that they’re worried about you, a bit afraid of your aggressiveness and rightly so, and want you to receive care for your depression.”
“I am not depressed.”
“I’ve heard the others say they love you and want the best for you, but you haven’t said anything to them about loving them. I don’t see the love being returned. They’ve had to put up with a lot during these past few years, and your anger truly frightened Belinda. None of them feels safe around you. They don’t know when you’ll go off.”
She blinks at him. All she did was yell, like they never have. She remembers a huge yelling match all four of them had when they were in university together. She doesn’t remember why. Somehow an argument between her and Belinda had escalated to all of them yelling at each other, but by the end of the evening, they were drinking together at the Brunswick, shoes sticking to the floor, yelling puns at each other over the din. But now somehow, somehow yelling when she does it is different. She didn’t hit Belinda. She was standing yelling at Belinda from the dining room, while Belinda stood in her open front door, yelling back, and Nance was in between trying to get both to calm down. As soon as Belinda had left, she had calmed down. When she’d called soon after to apologize, at Nance’s and Grandmother’s insistence and her own guilt, she’d sounded distant. Obviously, Belinda never did calm down. And how come she doesn’t have to apologize for her part in that incident? At least her own anger has an instant off switch, not under her control admittedly, and that would be nice, but her anger does switch off and fast.
Belinda’s high voice recalls her to the group room. “I thought you were going to hit me. You had that look on your face, babe. It was really bad. Until you change and get that anger under control, I can’t see you anymore. I don’t feel safe around you, you know.”
The embers of fury flare up, steaming her weariness away. “But I apologized! I don’t get it, you seem to be holding a grudge against me. You say you all love me, but this doesn’t feel like love. Miserable comforters you all are.”
“Hey! You know, Belinda’s not holding a grudge,” Charlie raises his voice, making her head swivel in response. “She’s been genuinely hurt, okay? And your perceptions are skewed if you think otherwise. You always talk like you’re the one being persecuted instead of acknowledging that we love you. This is an ongoing issue with you, you know. You’ve had emotional problems for a long time. Your problems have nothing to do with the syndrome or whatever you call it,” he pauses here, looks over at Belinda, and then back at her. “We haven’t told many about this, but we had something similar happen to us like with you. It’s not Akaesman, because there is no Akaesman. But we got blown around a bit. Jim did too, you know on his last camping trip, but he didn’t tell you because he didn’t want to worry you, okay? It took us a month to get over it. Sure, we were tired, and our muscles were sore, and it was, you know, difficult to think sometimes. But we didn’t make a big deal of it, like you. We found when we didn’t fight the fatigue and confusion, there was no anger. It was easier. And we got better. And yeah, some people think we’ve changed a bit, and yeah, we don’t do our jobs the same way, but so what? We don’t talk about it endlessly. Age happens.”
Nance knits her brows, “I didn’t hear about this Charlie. Am I the only one this has not happened to?”
“Yeah, sorry Nance, we didn’t tell you either. But, you know, we didn’t make a big deal of it like her. We didn’t need to see a doctor. We got better. We got on with our lives.” Charlie looks right at her, “Jim got better too. It’s really no surprise he left you. We all see things differently now, clearer actually, including you. That’s why we know you don’t have it. We really wish you’d get help for your emotional problems.
“We’ve proved our love by being here for you, you know. We asked for this meeting and made time in our busy schedules to be here for you. We’ve given up other pursuits and our time to be here with you. Don’t you get that?”
Nance jumps in, “I’m concerned too because you’ve isolated yourself. We used to meet for coffee every week over at Starbucks. You’d go out with Charlie to see a play, and you and Belinda hung out,” she gestures toward them, and they nod in reply. “Now we don’t see you. You have these strange eating behaviours, like not eating meat and insisting on eating only organic. That makes it really hard for us, and it’s not healthy. No wonder you have no energy when you have no protein in your diet.
“You used to hold a Thanksgiving dinner for the whole crowd, with a Butterball turkey and everything. Remember how we laughed every October over how you would try to stuff the turkey into your oven and then butcher it into parts? And every year you’d vow to get the right-sized bird and to defrost it in time, but you never did,” she laughs. Then her mouth shrinks back to a straight line. “But it’s been years since those good times. Now it’s all about you, and you haven’t done anything for over three years. And last October you only did that little afternoon get-together with a couple of us. That’s three years you’ve isolated yourself. This is not healthy,” Nance admonishes. “And trying to say it’s because you can’t handle groups, that’s just an excuse to avoid admitting you’re depressed. We all know that’s a sign of depression. You must get help for that,” Nance stresses, leaning forward, shaking her hands at her. “But we can’t talk to you because of how you’ll react, like with Belinda. If one tries to say a word, you’re offended. It’s your responsibility to change that, then we can talk to you again. Look at you, you’re not listening to us.”
Not listening? She’s listening. She’s listening to the knives, that one by one fly across the room from their mouths into her heart, her stomach, her back. She’s listening to the reminders of past competences, past joys, past times that are no longer part of her life. She’s listening to their total focus on her making themselves feel better. Her body slumps into itself. Her emotions shrivel up and sink into a pit of oblivion. Her face surrenders to her fatigue, her cheeks dragging down, her forehead cooling into the familiar concentration headache, her jaw tense from trying not to be distracted by Dr. Scold’s ticking clock, a gull screaming past the window, the clouds shifting by outside, visible through the large windows. She’s been working on her concentration, but they don’t want to hear about that kind of work with TARC or Haoma. Every time this past year that she’s tried to talk about the successes she’s had with her therapists and psychologist, they change the subject.
“I’m listening,” she says without affect, suddenly deflated. “My friends are as treacherous as a sinkhole hiding beneath the asphalt.”
Nance shakes her head, “I don’t think so. We’re here to help you. And you’re arguing with us. You’re like an alcoholic.” Nance pauses and then repeats it, “You’re like a practicing alcoholic, and you only have one topic of conversation. We’ve tried to adjust, but how much adjusting do we have to do? It’s time you got on with your life. Stop talking about Akaesman. Get help with your depression. And to be honest, you need to regain our trust if you want to be part of our family. You’ve lost our trust. We can’t trust you anymore, do you get that?”
“She has Akaesman syndrome. She’s had the scans; she’s seen the experts. She isn’t well,” Grandmother booms at Nance.
“That’s what we’re saying. She isn’t well, and she isn’t willing to change. We can’t keep adjusting to her problems. Every time we talk to her, she only talks about herself and never listens to us.”
Then how does she know about Belinda’s latest contretemps at the shop? Always, Belinda is having some issue with her co-worker, to the point where she’s bored to tears with variations on the same story. And how does she know about Charlie’s latest client in Forest Hill? Or how does she know that Nance has resolved her getting-to-work late issues with her boss? She speaks no words though.
“It’s been hard to adjust to her problems. We’ve all had to adjust to her. But she has Akaesman syndrome. She’s not depressed. I looked into it. And I have had plenty of depressed patients, and she doesn’t act like they did,” Grandmother asserts.
Charlie counters, “With all due respect, she’s your granddaughter, you know. It’s natural you’d want to defend her. But we’re her friends. We see the truth. She needs to see a shrink for her depression and for this fantasy she’s made up and sucked you into. She’s resisting change, okay? She wants to stay the same, and she can’t. She needs to change.”
He clears his voice and then turns to face her, “You used to be so much fun. You used to have a great sense of humour and always fun to talk to. You listened to us.”
The others nod. Nance clenches her hands; Belinda wipes her eyes.
Charlie leans forward more earnestly, his hands clasped, nodding between his legs, “We want to be a part of your life, but we don’t feel you want us in your life,” he says ponderously. “You’re so me-focused, so self-absorbed, and you don’t care about us. You don’t even acknowledge when you’ve hurt us. You just don’t listen, and you don’t seem to think our stresses and crises are all that important. Then you blow up at us. You’ve become unstable. We’re concerned about your behaviour.” He pauses for effect. “It needs to change. You need to change. We want you in our life, you know. But until you change,” he pauses, looks at the floor, then back up at her, blinking, “you can’t be.”
Dr. Scold nods. “I hear you Charlie.” He speaks to her, “They’re saying they want to feel valued by you, they want you to face the truth, and I’m not seeing that here from you. They believe you have anger management issues also. Have you taken an anger management course?”
“No —”
Dr. Scold shakes his head as he interrupts, “This is precisely the problem they’re having. I want to know do you hear them?”
“Yes,” she says, defeated. She hears them. They, who are at ease, have contempt for misfortune. She’s not acceptable for who she is, right now. She’s not acceptable for speaking about Akaesman and saying that she has AS. She’s not acceptable for working hard on compensating strategies and managing this situation that she had not asked for. She’s not acceptable for being unable to stop the eruptions that show as anger, even though she’s discussed it at length with Dr. Jones who had told her that until she knows when those eruptions will hit, she can do nothing to stop them without a friend or family member cuing her as to what is happening. They may be able to see what she cannot sense. But not one of them wants to be that person for her. They have lives, as they’ve never hesitated to tell her. She’s not acceptable for needing their patience, needing their help. She’s not trustworthy for speaking the truth because they prefer lies. Her thoughts halt. She’s not trustworthy, she repeats silently to herself. Her heart contracts, her throat constricts, her head caves in, her mouth sucks in her tongue. She’s not trustworthy. She’s not acceptable for living the way she is, putting boundaries around her the way TARC and Dr. Jones at Haoma had taught her so that she could be as functional as possible, so that she can recover as quickly as possible. She’s not acceptable because she isn’t who she was. They want that person back. And she ain’t coming back.
She ain’t coming back.
She ain’t coming back.
And this person she is, is obviously not worthy, not valuable, not wanted.
Why is she alive?

~~~*~~~


chapter nineteen
UNDER THE ICE IT LIES
LAP.
LAP.
LAP.
Waves brush up against the quay. They call to her, and she wants to go to them. The sun is dawning over to her left, noticeable only because of the lightening in the cloudy sky. It’s mild where she sits on the bench facing Toronto’s inner harbour, facing the far-off Toronto Islands with their bald trees and hidden homes. She doesn’t remember how she got here, or how she spent the dark hours. She only remembers leaving that meeting, that horrid meeting, that meeting where she got the message that she doesn’t deserve life, that she is such an awful human being that God had made a mistake in letting her live. “Akaesman,” she mouths the name. Maybe he doesn’t exist, maybe they’re right in that, maybe she’s such a loser, such a fucking failure, that she’d gone along with some made-up psychological stuff just so that she could avoid failing as a song writer. But her chest heaves as she remembers the joy of feeling the keys fall beneath her fingers, to her command, the notes lifting around her, the experience of words coming into her mind in tune with the notes, those words flowing onto the sheet through her hand, through her fingers. She had always written songs by hand. It was so tactile, like her inner self extended through her arm into her hand out her fingers and onto the paper. She hurts so much. She hiccups a sob. In all those days slogging to Haoma Therapy, with that elephant on her chest, she had never thought her heart could hurt this much.
Lap.
Lap.
Lap.
The sky grows lighter. Snowflakes from nowhere settle onto her hat, her cheeks, her shoulders. She leaves the flakes there as she stares at the dark water, rhythmically flowing forward, pushing up the concrete wall with a splash of foam, falling back, repeating over and over and over again. Melting ice sheets float on top, bumping up against each other, moving apart, and then bumping again.
The meeting plays in her mind. They’d had their group fights, their moments of one-on-one conflict before all this had happened, but she hadn’t seen this kind of cruelty, this kind of wilful blindness to justify gathering together against her when she is down, suffering, and vulnerable, with no ability to defend herself. It was like they revenged themselves on her, but for what? She didn’t understand. She doesn’t understand. She can’t understand. She wouldn’t have done this to them. She’s sure she wouldn’t have. Is it too much to expect from her closest friends compassion and patience and support?
Why? Why is she alive? She yearns to drown herself in the depths to which she belongs.
Lap.
Lap.
Lap.
Clearly, she’s an awful person. Change, they had said. But that’s all she is doing. Day after day, she changes. She changes from the self she liked into something she never wanted to be; she changes to try to reclaim her old self; she changes to accept that she can never be her old self again. Maybe because she hadn’t accepted this changing self, they could not and so were justified in demanding she change back. The weight of trying to suss all this out bows her head. The only thing she knows from this, is that she should not be alive. God has made a mistake.
Lap.
Lap.
Lap.
When did she start believing in God anyway? There are no atheists in foxholes, the old adage appears in her head. But she hadn’t thought of herself as being in a foxhole, of being the fox in the hunt. She’d known she could do this, get herself back to herself, if she worked hard enough. She had always been a hard worker, garnering straight As in school and university. Grandmother had expected nothing less. And what Grandmother wanted, Grandmother got. She had learnt through her older relative that only she controls her destiny. No one else does. Yet … yet does she really control her destiny? She hadn’t seen that meeting coming. She had felt the pain of their absence, of their few abrupt and brusque contacts, but she hadn’t expected that. It was her fault for asking for that meeting. Charlie had suggested seeing the shrink, no the therapist, and then after she’d refused, the meeting if she wanted answers. And she had gone along because she had so wanted answers. And they had only given her her answers when all together in that meeting, not individually, one-on-one over the phone or face-to-face. Safety in numbers. Is she really such a monster that the only way they felt safe to talk to her was when together against her?
Lap.
Lap.
Lap.
The wind picks up, pushes against her left shoulder, ruffles her hair that’s peeking out from under her hat. She shivers, although the temperature is climbing, and huddles over her purse, still watching the lake. A last few flakes of snow float down. The endless grey up above breaks apart, and the sun glows weakly through, changing the water to iron grey. It’s hard, so hard. Why is she alive? She sees no purpose in this, in what has happened to her, in not being able to write songs, in fighting the keyboard, in fighting herself — or maybe it is Akaesman she’s fighting. Well, whomever, it wearies her. She has no vitality, only weakness and weariness. Her arms lie heavy on her lap, around her purse. She moves not at all, not even a twitch, for lethargy has her in its grip. She senses a stygian stirring in her mind, the thought that life is not for her and that she needs to do more about it than stare at the water. She agrees.
The wind puffs against her shoulder harder. A presence inside her, outside her, urges her up. This is not worth it. This life is not worth all the pain and suffering. Fear and anticipation grip her, yet inertia keeps her down. She doesn’t move. But she feels pulled. The water is so inviting; its coldness more friendly than the life in the city behind her. The wind is right. That is where she must be, where she must go, under the ice.
Lap.
Lap.
Lap.
A burst of light out on the water breaks the spell. The visitant is there, walking on the waves toward the dawning sun, walking in front of the islands. She sits up slightly to see better. The visitant’s head is a sun of soft rays that shine in and out. A gown hides yet curves to her form. From the back of her gown flows a train that coruscates, trailing diamonds of light across the water. Her sleeves billow out near her hands as if a gentle breeze flows through them, and sparkles drop from them, joining the diamonds. The front of her gown, for it must be a she, moves forward rhythmically in tune to her feet. The effulgent vision walks slowly, steadily, strongly forward. And she’s smiling. Not her face or lips or mouth are smiling, but her whole being. A smile of peace, of reassurance.
She follows this visitant, first with her eyes, and then with her head, but doesn’t move. The visitant turns her head in her direction, and sunlight streaks toward her, expanding, expanding until it fills her vision. The golden light undulates in front of her, caressing her, embracing her. She weeps. Her crying eases, and the light flows back into the visitant, who turns her head back forward and recommences walking. She stands up and follows the visitant on a parallel course on land. She feels the angry presence trying to hold onto her, trying to turn her course toward the lake. But she is no longer prey to its pull. The visitant is too powerful. She walks east, past the empty Harbourfront skating rink as this visitant — this visitant, whose name appears to her faintly — walks north onto the land and disappears on the other side of York Quay. She hurries past the building with its sharp corners and flat, white outer walls and juts her head forward to see faster round the corner.
There! Artashavanti is walking toward the street, toward Queens Quay. She can hear a Red Rocket grumbling up the tracks from the west. Artashavanti seems not to speed up yet is further ahead. She walks faster to catch up. She emerges out of the building’s presence onto the sidewalk. The Red Rocket, one of Toronto’s familiar streetcars, is squealing up to the stop. One person is standing there, waiting for it. Its interior lights glow faintly out of its windows into the new day. Artashavanti disappears into it behind the person. She runs to catch the car. The driver waits, and she leaps onto the bottom step, grabbing the centre pole, before climbing the steep steps up.
“Thank you,” she gasps. With numb, shaking fingers, she unzips her waist purse, opens her wallet inside it, feels for a token, and pulls it out, dropping it into the fare box with a tinny clatter. Her chest heaving, she turns left to look down the car. Artashavanti is nowhere to be seen, only bored, sleepy people greet her eyes as they sit on the sides of the car in single and double seats, staring glassily out the windows. She starts walking, and the car’s movements suddenly unbalance her. She grabs a pole, swings round it, and plonks down on a seat, fortunately an empty one. She joins the throngs staring glassily out the window at the brightening day and wonders: how did she suddenly know the visitant’s name, and who is she? Well, anyway, she’s not going to join the lake. The urge is gone, though not the want. She’s on a different track now. But what track? Grief extinguishes that brief spurt of life.
This is not worth it.
She sighs, not wanting to believe. She wasn’t hallucinating that visitant, that being, Artashavanti, though the plainness of the day makes her wonder. Maybe. Maybe he does exist. She is not alone in her body; the other with her is not her. She is right; they are wrong.
The streetcar clatters down a ramp into the underground tunnel. Its shrieking wheels echo off the rocky tunnel sides. It passes into the empty underground stop and back into the charcoal tunnel, round a U-bend and into Union Station. She follows the others off, through a tiled tunnel, up the stairs, and into the noisy confusion of Union Station. She looks around and then sees most moving like sheep down a set of stairs. She follows and lands on the narrow subway platform to wait for whichever train comes in first, trying not to be pushed to the edge by the hushed crowd of people waiting. She faces one of the tracks that goes north. She’s not sure if it’s the Yonge line north or the University-Spadina line north. It’s quiet; no one talks. People hardly even move at this early hour. She’d always thought of rush hour as crushing, cacophonous. Suddenly a force runs up from behind her, grabs her hand, and using its momentum drags her to the tracks as she hears a train squealing and thundering toward the station from around the hidden bend to her right. Panic fills her. “No,” she screams silently, she doesn’t want to die. She doesn’t know why she’s alive. But they’re wrong. They’re all wrong. She, not her old self, but whoever this self is — she deserves life. She flings herself backwards, and the shadowy force flies across the platform, across the tracks, and is swallowed up by the wall. She jerks her back up against the platform wall as the train rushes into the station in front of her. She plants her hands against the wall’s cold tiles as the force of the train’s entrance blows past her, whipping hair across faces, coats against legs, and even some purses up. Fury erupts in her head. She can’t think through it. She’s afraid to get on the train, for then she’ll have to get off it again. But she can’t stay here. Her heart pulses in her neck as she stares at the train’s inviting open door. Something is glimmering inside, something brighter than the artificial light. She pushes herself off the wall and rushes onto the train as the chimes announce the doors closing. She tries to ignore the fury that’s escalated to caterwauling in her brain.
She can’t see Artashavanti, but she senses her. She feels safe on the train. It jerks forward and speeds up through the tunnel.
At King Station, one stop up, the ceiling lights in the station appear to glow. She gets off. The glow detaches itself from the ceiling and floats up the stairs. She follows it up to the street level and waits for another streetcar. She has to find another token — she doesn’t have a transfer — and to her surprise, she does have another one. She doesn’t remember putting so many tokens in her wallet when she’d left for the meeting yesterday. The streetcar carrying her arrives at Parliament, and suddenly she knows. She stands up, pulls the cord way above her head, gets off in front of Little Trinity Church, and freezes. Will anyone be there at this hour? Artashavanti, who is now a glimmering orb, bobs forward on the air currents and disappears through the main double doors. She hesitates still, chewing her lip. Should she follow? She’s not sure. She stands and stares. Light streaks out from between the doors and around their edges, calling to her. She climbs the few front steps, grabs hold of the handle, and pulls. The door opens. The fury in her head shuts up.
A voice greets her. A tenor voice, rich, swelling with joy, fills the church.
O Wisdom,
She stands transfixed, listening. The door bangs closed behind her.
you came forth from the mouth of the Most High
She walks forward and climbs the stairs up to the main centre aisle, to find the source of that voice. She stops at the top, underneath the balcony overhang, and listens.
and, reaching from beginning to end, you ordered all things mightily and sweetly.
She moves forward and emerges from underneath the balcony. The ceiling soars overhead. Like a giant flickering candle, sun illuminates the coloured square panes in the side windows and shines through the enormous arched window behind the altar, filling the church with joyous colour before dimming again.
Come, and teach us the way of prudence.
She turns, arches her neck, and sees a young man standing at the front of the balcony, singing to the sun that’s burst forth through that enormous window, lighting up the creamy white-painted balcony and the wall behind it with its rectangular organ baffles. She hears the slap of a door as it closes. She swivels around to the sound. The church’s Reverend is coming toward her, wearing a dove-grey, long-sleeved shirt with dog collar and navy blue pants. His hair is white. A memory stirs. What was his name?
“Hello, may I help you?” he asks as he approaches her in the middle of the church. She finds herself further into the church than she’d thought she was.
“Um, I don’t know.”
“Come, sit.” He moves into a pew, beckons her in, and turns sideways toward her, his left arm along the back of the pew in front of them. She sits down near him but keeps her eyes firmly on that window. The peace of the church fills her; it leaves no room for fear, for fury.
They sit quietly.
“Would you like me to pray for you?”
“I don’t know.”
“It is hard to know what we want. Speaking to God may not make us any wiser in that, but it can calm the soul, make us feel less alone.”
She thinks about this. “Alright.” He prays, and as his quiet words issue forth, she closes her eyes, bows her head, and asks fervently, silently for help to whom she does not know. She’s not sure whom she’s asking; she just wants help.
“Amen,” he finishes.
She lifts her head and thanks him.
“Prayer is only the beginning for you, as it is for anyone. I don’t know your story, I don’t know your need. But like all lost sheep, you are not alone. You are wanted. You’re loved.”
She looks away.
“You are God’s beloved, know this.”
They sit for a bit.
He clears his throat, “Perhaps I’m being forward in offering this to you, but I’d like to suggest a retreat. There’s a convent in the north end of the city. You donate what you can, and you can spend a day there in quiet contemplation with the nuns. They’ll assign you a mentor for the day; you can meet with the minister for anointing; and take communion with the nuns. It’s a day of healing and meditation. It’s a day when you will learn that you are beloved.”
They sit quietly for a bit more.
“Perhaps.”
“I’ll take perhaps,” he smiles at her until she stretches the corners of her mouth a little in reply. “Let me make this call for you. I know how difficult it can be approaching the church, even a convent. What do you think?”
She nods.
He pulls out of his pocket his Blackberry and makes the call. After some exchanges, he holds the Blackberry away from his mouth and asks her, “It being Christmas, they don’t have any day available until January 1. Does that work for you?”
“Yes,” she whispers. She has no idea what she’s supposed to do now, but a retreat sounds as good as anything else. Maybe she’ll understand then. Maybe.
He finishes up, shoves his Blackberry back into his pocket, and says, “Today is the first day of the second half of Advent, the time before Christmas, a time when we wait in joyful anticipation of Christ’s first coming. Let this time be a time of joyful anticipation for you as well. There is no need to make decisions now. Only give yourself the blessing of waiting.”
She nods, tears threatening suddenly. She’s tired of crying. Yet a vision of a tortuous murky mountainous path appears before her eyes, hiding the church from her sight. Darkness closes in as she steps onto that path, hiding the sky, camouflaging that lurking creature with iron-bar limbs and teeth of terror who raises her hackles. The vision evolves into reality, and fear tears at her throat. The Reverend’s voice breaks through, crashing apart the vision. She blinks and sees the church once more. He’s suggesting more prayer, and as she listens to his requests for her, the tears flow back from whence they had come, and relief floods her. She’s not alone.

~~~*~~~


chapter twenty
LIKE A PRINCESS SHE WOULD APPROACH
THE REVEREND FROM Little Trinity picks her up on New Year’s Day and whizzes her north to the convent. As the streets flash by, she replays over and over her last conversation with her grandmother. It had been awkward. Grandmother had explained that Dr. Scorn’s unfair treatment of her and his ignorance had shocked her, but professional respect had held her tongue in front of the others. She’d countered that her friends weren’t professionals. Grandmother had replied that what her friends had said about her and to her had stunned her into silence. Surely she understood that. She had said nothing in response to that. What could she have said, that it was okay to stay mute, to not stand up for her granddaughter? Grandmother seemed to feel guilty in the face of her muteness and had continued to justify herself till she ran out of words. And then Grandmother had thrown her one of her speculative looks, as if she knew about her trip to the lake, about her decision to visit the convent, although she had not spoken of them to her. Suddenly, Grandmother had apologized. It had torn her —
The car slowing down as it enters a long drive brings her out of her ruminations. They round a corner and drive past a snowy lawn and frosted trees. She gazes upon a yellow stone building, its warm exterior punctuated by old 1970s-style windows draped inside with heavy curtains. He leads her in and points her up to the guest quarters where a room, St. Elizabeth it’s called, is waiting for her. It’s simple and overlooks a rectangular courtyard, blanketed in white. A white counterpane drapes the single bed. A simple pine desk sits between the bed and the window. A white chenille-covered wing chair sits in the corner. A small closet hides behind the open door. She stuffs her gloves in her coat pockets and hangs up her coat and scarf. She puts her hat on the shelf over the hangers and walks back down the hall to where he is waiting. He introduces her to the convent priest, Doug. Doug shakes her hand firmly. She tries not to wince. After saying good-bye and thanks to the Reverend, she follows Doug, their footsteps sounding on the terrazzo floors, to a large light-filled room, one bulky sofa covered in a rose pattern sitting in front of a bay window, another sitting at right angles to it and across from a wing chair dressed in muted green. The expanse of mullioned windows behind the sofa let in a view of the sky blending into snowflakes blending into a fluffy carpet of white. A woman, her blonde, curly hair pulled back loosely, stands up from the sofa. Her green eyes smile at her, and her white sweater and A-line blue corduroy skirt make her feel comfortable already. The woman’s name is Irene. That namesake song flows into her mind as she sits down in the wing chair, facing Irene.
After exchanging pleasantries, Irene asks her, “Have you ever been to a convent before?”
“No,” she whispers. She clears her throat, “No.”
“Don’t be afraid, this is a place of healing. Wherever you are on your journey with Christ, you are welcome and safe here.”
She nods.
“Tell me about how you found us and why you are here?”
She hesitates. She’s not sure why she’s here, and she’s not sure she wants to share that strange experience on that day during Advent. She’s already been bit once for sharing her first experience with Artashavanti, but looking at this woman with her soft smile and inviting eyes, she feels somehow that it’s okay. She feels … love enfold her.
“Well, I … I walked into Little Trinity Church. The one I went to as a child. And I felt … I felt … s-s-somehow … that, um, well, I needed to go there.”
Irene nods encouragingly, still smiling.
“I met a priest there.”
Irene waits, as if she has all the time in the world and wants to spend it listening to her. Her confidence growing, she continues, “I, I think he’s the one I knew as a kid, but I’m not sure, before my parents died. He didn’t recognize me, well, he wouldn’t would he? It’s been awhile, eh?” A smile appears and disappears off her face. “Anyway, he suggested coming here …”
“Tell me a little about yourself.” Irene tucks one leg under the other.
“Well … I was born here to a Zoroastrian mother and a Christian father. They died, and Grandmother, my mother’s mother that is, raised me.”
“That must’ve been difficult for you.”
“Yes, I guess it was.” It seems so long ago now, a different life, a different person. “But it doesn’t seem like it belongs to me anymore.”
“That’s interesting. Why is that?”
“Well, I, I was in this, I’m not sure what you call it, this thing happened to me …,” she falters. Her eyes look everywhere but at Irene. In the silence, she’s drawn to look back at Irene. It’s as if Irene is pulling the story out of her, gently, persistently. She can’t resist her; she can’t resist telling her; and suddenly it all comes out in a rush. The incident on Horseshoe Road, Jim leaving, her friends moving from her like rats off a sinking ship, her dream of songwriting disappearing, that last meeting, even seeing Artashavanti walking on the water. She feels so listened to, in a way that she’s never experienced before, like every word she utters is important, every thought and feeling she’s had is valuable, every experience a thread in a beautiful tapestry that Irene can’t wait to see finished.
An hour and a half later, she winds to a halt, spent but feeling good. Oh so good.
“Thank you for sharing that with me. You are amazing to have gotten through this, to have survived and seen what you did. This is hope. I think you need some quiet time to reflect on all that’s happened so far, and I have some ideas that I’d like to pray over and then present to you after lunch. And meantime you can reflect and think about what it is you’re seeking. The nuns are in chapel right now. Why don’t you join them? They’ll be taking communion, but you don’t have to. No one is here to judge you. We are here only to bring healing. One of the nuns will show you to the Refectory afterwards. Have you heard of a Silent Dinner?”
“No,” she shakes her head, frowning in puzzlement.
“It’s when we eat in silence. There is no talking during the meal. It won’t be just nuns at the meal, but students, people here for courses, men and women. We all eat in communal silence. I think you’ll enjoy it. Take as much time as you need to rest and meditate in your room after you’ve eaten. When you’re ready to return, come back to this room.”
She nods.
Irene leads her down to the chapel. It’s small with just a few slatted-board pews on either side of a centre aisle; its ceiling rises up and up and up and makes it feel spacious. A cross adorns the soaring, rock wall behind the altar, and sun shines in through the windows on the right wall. She sits in the last pew at the back. The service has already started. It’s quiet, Doug’s chanting voice the only sound. She lets the service wash over her, not going up to communion, but watching the nuns in their jean jumper dresses over floral patterned shirts processing up and then back to their pews. Afterwards, a tiny white-haired nun approaches her and asks if she needs direction to the Refectory. As they walk together, the elderly nun explains in a hushed voice what the procedure is for a Silent Dinner and ends with the words, “just follow me.” She does.
The scents of roast beef and boiled vegetables greet them as they push open the swinging door to the Refectory. She follows the nun in and picks up a tray, places a plate on it, takes a napkin, knife, and fork, and is served vegetables, mashed potatoes, a white roll. She eschews the beef. At the end of the line, the nun joins her sisters at tables set aside at one end of the hall, and she looks around for an empty seat among the guests. She hesitates, finding the silence heavy and uncomfortable. A man gestures with his head to follow him. She does, carrying her tray to an empty seat at one of the long tables that seats several people on either side. She starts eating, her knife and fork joining the chorus of other knives and forks clinking on plates, pages being turned as several read their Bibles, the scrape of chairs on terrazzo floor, and the squeaks of rubber-soled shoes as people get up and leave or come in for lunch, the Refectory doors swinging open and brushing closed as they move in and out. She finishes her meal, puts her tray away, and leaves for her room. She lies down on that white counterpane, figuring if the room was given to her, it’s okay for her to muss up the well-made bed. She tries to rest, her body heavy with fatigue. But her mind is processing, processing, processing all that has happened to her in only a few short hours. Does she even believe in God? Grandmother had taught her that it was all nonsensical meaningless ritual that filled minds with sentimental drivel and drove people to be judgemental and rigid. Yet she spoke often of good thoughts, good words, good deeds, to be wary of bad thoughts that lead to bad words and bad deeds, of charity being the highest calling: Zoroastrian concepts. She spoke also of Zoroastrians believing in one God, the first people to do so, and treating men and women as equals.
Speaking her story into an empathetic ear has dampened the fury, and this peaceful place has swept away the dark cloud of irritation that hangs around her every day. She wants to rest some more but senses it’s time to return.
Irene looks up at her entrance, setting aside a thick book — the Bible she wonders.
“How are you feeling?”
“Refreshed. Thank you,” she smiles.
“I’m so glad to hear that. I’ve been thinking about what we can do this afternoon, and I feel very much that you need healing, more than I can give sitting here just listening to you. I would like you to consider an anointing. Doug and I will pray over you in the chapel, and Doug will anoint you. I also feel that you need a Spiritual Director, but we can discuss that more after the anointing, see how you feel. There’s only so much one can take in in one day, eh?”
She grins, “Yes.”
“What do you think about the anointing idea?”
She’s not sure what anointing is other than it’s something religious. That scares her. This is not how she was raised. But does that matter anymore? Does it even matter if she knows what it is, beyond knowing that it is healing? Akaesman has so radically altered her life, killed off who she had been, that now it’s all about creating a new person, she suddenly realizes. That person can do whatever she wants, unrestricted by old ideas and judgements.
“I’m not sure. But … but I’d like to try it. I’ll, I’ll try anything,” she says at last.
“Good,” Irene smiles. “Follow me. We’ll go to the chapel. Doug will be there. If not, I’ll find him.”
They find the chapel empty and Doug moving around in it when they enter through a side door near the altar. He fetches a simple wooden chair for her and graciously places it right in front of the altar, right in front of that caring cross.
She sits down gingerly.
“Don’t be afraid. The church has been anointing people for centuries; it’s an age-old tradition of healing. We will pray for you before and after I anoint you.”
She nods and settles back in the chair. They remain standing. Immediately she’s buzzing. Her whole body buzzes, her feet, her legs, her torso, her arms, her neck, her head. They all buzz in harmony. She wants to run. She wants to get up and run, but Doug and Irene break the silence with harmonious prayers, and their words keep her in place. They stop, and Irene kneels beside her, “Would you like to pray? Would you like to say anything to Christ, to God?”
The buzzing turns to dizziness. She drops her arms off her lap and hangs on to the sides of the chair. This is so foreign, not only praying, but praying out loud. “I … I ask for peace. I ask for, for healing. I ask for my life back. No, no I don’t want that. That life was a lie. The people in it were not whom I thought they were. I wasn’t the person I want to be now. I don’t know who I want to be, but I want to be well.”
Irene prays:
Blessed are you, sovereign God, gentle and merciful,
creator of heaven and earth.
Your Word brought light out of darkness,
and daily your Spirit renews the face of the earth.
Your anointed Son brought healing to those in weakness and distress.
He broke the power of evil and set us free from sin and death
that we might praise your name forever.
By the power of your Spirit may your blessing rest
on those who are anointed with this oil in your name;
may they be made whole in body, mind and spirit,
restored in your image, renewed in your love,
and serve you as sons and daughters in your kingdom.
Through your anointed Son, Jesus Christ, our Lord,
to whom with you and the Holy Spirit
we lift our voices of thanks and praise.
[Doug joins in] Blessed be God, our strength and our salvation, now and forever. Amen.
Irene stands up and moves in front of her. Doug moves behind her and places his hands on her shoulders.
She says, “I invite you now to ask God for what you want.”
“You have to name it to claim it,” she thinks. What is it she wants? Perhaps she should stop thinking and just speak, and whatever comes out of her mouth is what she wants. With Akaesman dormant in this sheltered place, her words will be her words. “I want my dream, God. I would like my dream back. I would like to write s-s-songs, songs of healing, songs to make people happy. I don’t what to sing about bad stuff, only good, because my life is so difficult and I don’t want to hear that in my songs. I want protection from Akaesman. I want him gone out of me. I want to be wholly myself. I don’t know who that is, but I’d like to know and become her.”
Doug exchanges places with Irene, takes a small pot of oil, and says, “In the name of God and trusting in his might alone, receive Christ’s healing touch to make you whole. May Christ bring you wholeness of body, mind, and spirit, deliver you from every evil, and give you his peace.”
He leans forward and anoints, making the sign of the cross with his thumb dipped in oil on her forehead, and says, “I anoint you in the name of God who gives you life. Receive Christ’s forgiveness, his healing, and his love. May the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ grant you the riches of his grace, his wholeness, and his peace.”
He straightens up and finishes, “The Almighty Lord, who is a strong tower for all who put their trust in him, whom all things in heaven, on earth, and under the earth obey, be now and evermore your defence. May you believe and trust that the only name under heaven given for health and salvation is the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.”
Doug falls silent, and Irene starts praying. She sounds in a trance, as if she is channelling another’s words. And as Irene’s voice rises, the dizziness in her turns to pain in her neck that streams down her spine and then melts away to nothing. Irene tells her how God loves her, how God sees her as precious, sees her future, sees it as good, sees it as a field of golden ripe wheat, drenched in sunlight, waiting for her. Reassurance sweeps over her as she listens and hears.
And now it’s over. She follows Irene back to the room with the comfy sofas and the wing chair. They have Earl Grey tea, and she talks and talks about how she feels, what’s she thinking. Irene tells her that during the anointing, she saw her coming from one point and now journeying to another place, a place God has prepared for her and is using this crisis to get her there, a place of golden fields, of ripe glowing wheat.
At 5:00 p.m., she returns to her room, sits down at the desk, and writes it all out on paper the nuns have set ready on the desk, while she still remembers, before going home. She writes swiftly her thoughts about this journey, about God, about her experiences between the two halves of Advent, and how she feels now. Her hand stops, and she looks out the window. She wants to go home. For once, she looks forward to going home, not as a place to crash and hide from the world but as a warm, safe haven, a haven that she can recreate as her own place.
And waking up the next morning in her own bed, looking upon the floral wallpaper, the one decoration that was original to the house and not from her and Jim, she’s ready for once to face the day. Bang, bang, bang. Smokey makes her presence known on the other side of the bedroom door. The fury is back also bang, bang, banging on her senses to send them into overdrive. But the peace and joy from yesterday, the freedom from judgement are too powerful for it to overcome, and she hops out of bed, eager to eat breakfast and get on the computer. It’s time.
It’s time to find some sort of email course that will teach her how to write songs, play the piano again. “YouTube will probably help with that last part,” she thinks, as she dresses in H&M grey flared sweatpants and a T-shirt that proclaims, “Love mystifies me Chocolate I understand.” She opens the door, and Smokey meows her happiness, mimicking her own feeling of being up. After zipping through her morning ablutions as quickly as her stiff body will allow, she hops down her stairs and looks at the purple walls of her living room, at the strong colours that she and Jim had chosen for their decor, the colours that no longer reflect who she is. She doesn’t know what her colours are. She looks down at her grey pants and pink T-shirt and thinks, “maybe light ones.” She should go to the paint store and whatever colours speak to her, those will be her colours. She’ll put it on VISA. That’ll give her a month to think about how she’ll pay for it or maybe Grandmother will help her. She smiles at the thought of new colours, even though she knows that she’ll probably take hours to figure out which colours are speaking to her. She grabs a Post-it notepad on the desk and jots down: “1. Call Grandmother. 2. Go to paint store. 3. Find painter. 4. Paint.” Yeah, she won’t be able to do it without Grandmother’s help, financial help, but somehow she knows it’ll be okay to ask her, that she’ll say yes.
She wolfs down her breakfast, faster than Smokey does hers, she’s so eager to start searching. Within fifteen minutes, barely within the limits of her mental alertness, she finds a course. She emails the teacher and signs up.
Within days, the first class pops up in her Inbox. She focuses on the email waiting for her, its subject line seeming to say, this is it, this is when she learns if she can do this, if she really is a songwriter, if she can relearn. Everything came to her so easily before, but this will not. This situation she’s in is out of her control; only hard work, hard work that will take a long, long time to see results, hard work she cannot do alone, will lead her back to her dream.
It’s impossible.
She quivers with nervousness.
She’s still not sure about this belief in God, about who Jesus is, but she remembers Artashavanti who led her here. Maybe she can talk to her. Don’t Catholics talk to saints, don’t people talk to angels? She’s not Catholic, but …
She speaks to the air, asking for help she knows not from whom. She sits still to listen. Hears nothing, only her anxiety.
“Am I doing the right thing?” she asks, her voice loud to her ears, thankful no one can hear her but Smokey, who doesn’t care.
Slowly each muscle in her neck, her chest, her arms, her legs, releases its tension. And out of the ether, through the fury that is reasserting its control, she hears an answer.
Yes.
She clicks on the email and begins to read.

~~~*~~~


chapter twenty-one
FOR ONE TO HEAR HER
LITTLE TRINITY IS a long way south, on top of which she’s not a morning person, but twelve days after the Retreat, she feels the urge to seek out a church. She wanders around one hazy Sunday morning and finds one. She enters with trepidation, wondering what sort of people inhabit the brick walls and windows so colourful you can’t see through them. People are laughing and chatting when she enters. She had thought the church was dying, no one was going. Not this one. Someone hands her a piece of folded paper and welcomes her to the church with a smile. But when she opens her mouth to reply, they’re already handing that piece of paper to the next person behind her. Feeling foolish, she wanders further in.
She finds a spot in a pew near the back and waits for the service to begin. Gradually, her skin tickles with the sense of a warm presence beside her, but there’s no human there. As she ponders this, a voice booms from the front, and she stands up with the others who begin to sing to the sound of a flute. The words mean nothing until they sing
… love of every love the best!
’Tis an ocean full of blessing, ’tis a haven giving rest!
Her throat catches. This is not a stuffy song, a meaningless hymn that she thought only non-thinking people sang.
She sits down when they all do, and into her sightline appears the Anglican minister in charge, a man in a white robe draped over a black one. That is familiar, but then another minister stands up to give the announcements, and she’s a woman. Intriguing. This woman minister holds up the paper and calls it a bulletin. She studies it during the announcements, which mean nothing to her. Soon the male minister is intoning words. They’re familiar yet foreign; the standing and sitting in tune to them, strange. Yet she belongs here. She’s still in those black mountains of her vision, but she’s no longer afraid.
As the music processes the ministers down the aisle and toward her at the end of the service, she wonders if this place is for her. The words of big-shot atheists and friends who mock organized religion don’t apply here, but then neither do the words of big-shot television evangelists and people she’s run across who talk about Christ in a way that’s over-eager and irritatingly squeaky clean. In this moment, it’s just herself and her need. Her need for what though, she’s not sure.
She stands up and shuffles out of the pew. She stands uncertainly among the crowd.
“Hello.”
She turns and sees a woman smiling at her. Her name tag reads “Asha.” A Zoroastrian name, like hers. How —
“Are you new here?”
“Yes.”
“Is this your first time going to church?”
“I guess so. Yeah.”
“It must seem overwhelming to you, we have such different customs here from the world.”
“Yes,” she replies.
“If you’re interested in staying, you’ll get used to our rituals. We hope you will stay, and we welcome our newcomers to join one of our small groups. We find they humanize the church for people who aren’t familiar with it, as well as being a trusted place to explore who Jesus is and what the Bible has to say.”
 “Oh,” she thinks a bit about that. “That sounds, um, interesting. How do you, how do you join a group?”
“Well, there’s the one I go to. It’s in the afternoons. It’s a bunch of old-timers, but we’d love to have you join us. We meet for about an hour and a half for chit chat and snacks and, of course, Bible study. We like to open with singing; though truth be told, none of us can sing! Except the assistant Pastor who leads us. Now she has a beautiful voice. After a couple of songs, we read and discuss the word. This year we’re studying Job.”
“Job?”
“The Book of Job. A lot of people don’t like it because they think it’s so depressing. They think it’s chapters and chapters of Job moaning. But it’s not. You see God and Satan make a bet about Job, and God lets Satan do all sorts of things to poor Job. But Job, well, it’s amazing what he does in response.”
“What does he do?”
“Why don’t you come and join us to find out? We’ve only just started reading Job. I think you’ll enjoy exploring his story, and as I said, we’re a fun group.”
“Oh, um …,” she’s intrigued. This book sounds sort of like her story. But Bible study? What would Grandmother say if she found out?
“If that sounds too intimidating —”
“Yes, but … It sounds … no, it sounds perfect. How do I s-s-sign up?”
“Oh, you don’t need to sign up. You just come here. To the church. We meet here. I’ll write down the day and time. You enter by that door over there.” She rummages through her purse and mutters, “Now, where is a pen when you need one. Ah, here it is,” she pulls a blue Bic triumphantly out of her purse. She writes on the back of the bulletin. “I’ll draw where the entrance door is on the bulletin. If you’re late, don’t worry about it. A few of our members are chronically late.”
“How much is it?”
Asha looks up, pen poised. “How much?” She laughs, “Oh my dear, no, it’s free. It’s the church’s service to you, to all those who want to come.”
“Oh.” Free. When was the last good thing free and easy to get into? She takes the paper, no, the bulletin she reminds herself, that the woman hands her, says good-bye, and wanders out into the splattered sunshine.
She strolls around the bare sidewalks under darkening clouds, not interested in window shopping, yet not wanting to go home. Grandmother had agreed to take her paint shopping and to cover the costs. The painter had started on Friday. Already her purple living room has been transformed into the colour of fresh cream floating on milk just out of the cow. Seeing that transformation lightened the weight off her shoulders. Yet she hates the disruption, the moving of furniture, the taking down of the few photographs Jim had left on the walls. Having stuff where it’s not supposed to be disturbs her. So being outside, even if it is cloudy and threatening snow or rain or whatever the weather feels like dumping on them, is pleasant.
Her stomach rumbles. Her hands become cold, and she stuffs them into her coat pockets. She aims her feet for home, where Smokey enthusiastically greets her. With cat trotting at her feet, she heads to the fridge to look for food. Left-over soup. That will do. She heats it up in the microwave and carefully carries it over to the table. Slurping it up, she feels the heat spread down. Unfortunately, it makes her too hot. She gets up and runs cold water and drinks it thirstily.
Satiated, she wanders through her home, finally remembering to look at her Palm. She is scheduled to declutter another part of her home — the desk maybe? — but instead finds herself down in the basement, rummaging through one of many cardboard boxes she’d brought from Grandmother’s and never unpacked. She pulls out her parents’ old Bible. She brushes the dust off its curled cover with her hand, carries it upstairs, picks up a folded piece of blank printer paper to cover off the text, and is about to park herself on the couch when she sees that it’s still covered, the painting not yet done. She heads for the front sun room, but Smokey has the one and only chair. She nudges her. “Meower” comes from deep inside the curled furry body. She tries to pick her up, but the cat has turned herself into lead. She nudges her again. Smokey curls tighter.
Finally, she yells, “Smokey!” The cat looks up at her, grumbles, and tucks her nose back in. This is impossible. The dark cloud of irritation sinks in; fury emerges to join it. She fights them both, tensing her arms against them. She pushes her hand underneath Smokey and endeavours to lift her. Smokey uncurls abruptly and with a squawk, leaps off the chair.
Satisfied, she sits down, all irritation and fury gone. She’s back in neutral. Smokey lands heavily on her lap and in two seconds is curled up and asleep, a very warm, soft lap blanket.
Trying not to bonk the cat, she opens the Bible. It all looks so unfamiliar. Job, Job, where is Job? She wonders how to spell it. There are so many pages in this version from the 1970s. She flips to a page that lists many names; they must be the book names in the Bible, for they also have numbers next to them, page numbers it looks like. This book is big. For a moment, she wonders if she can read this tome. But she continues to scan the page, and her eyes land on the word “Job.” So that’s how you spell it. Rather ironic. Job job, a job to be Job. She goes back and forth on the two different pronunciations. She smiles briefly and turns the thin pages until she gets to Job. Settling further into the chair, she inserts the folded piece of paper to cover off the text at the bottom of the page and begins to read, to become interested, to become confused, to become angry, and to know this is the book meant for her.

~~~*~~~


chapter twenty-two
SAYONARA
“THIS IS THE Haoma Therapy Clinic. We are cancelling all your appointments with us except for Dr. Jones. He makes his own arrangements.”
“What?” she sits down abruptly. Things have been going well for the last five months since she went on that Retreat. She hadn’t seen this call coming.
“I know we agreed to wait for the Shadow Court to pay us, but we cannot carry you any longer. We have no choice but to cease providing you with services.”
“But, but I asked, I s-s-said if —”
“I’m sorry, but you will have to take it up with your lawyer. Good-bye.”
But wait, wait a minute. She had told them that if they couldn’t carry her any longer that she could pay. She’d have to cut down the frequency, but she could pay. Even going once a month would keep the worst of the pain at bay. What is she going to do now? She drops the handset in its cradle and her head into her hand.
Her Palm buzzes. She picks it up. Oh, crap, she has to finish dressing for mediation today. She’d better get going. She’ll process the news and what to do later. In about twenty-four hours, to be exact. That’s her standard. Receive a stimulus, and twenty-four hours later respond to it when no one is around but her. She sighs. Well, she is getting better. It used to be forty-eight hours. Perhaps Akaesman isn’t slowing her brain down as much as he used to. Perhaps it’s finding kinship in Job, the man her Wednesday Bible study group is studying, the man with his miserable situation and miserable friends. She’s not like Job though in his intense bitterness and desolation, for she’s drifted into a permanent state of neutrality, with no emotional highs or lows, no depression when bad news hits, which is like every time she picks up the phone, but no happiness either on those few times when things go well. She has less fury, but that irritability, like nails scratching down a chalk board, is as present as ever.
She calls a taxi, a rare luxury, but necessary when facing two lawyers who want to destroy you and think it’s all a game and nothing personal. The driver honks, and she rushes outside. The taxi speeds forward on this fresh May day, almost four years since Akaesman —
The sound of the driver’s window going down distracts her from that thought. Hork. Spit. Whir. She blinks. They reach Vaughan Road. He guns round the corner, and down goes the window. Whir. Hork. Spit. Whir. She swallows compulsively. And then remembers she has an iPod. She hurriedly puts in her earbuds and turns her iPod Mini on. She resolutely watches the cityscape go by her window as Broken Social Scene croons Cause = Time into her ears.
She arrives on time at Mintken’s office, but he is late. He hurries her down into the underground PATH, him steaming through the warren of shops and food courts that reside underneath Toronto’s skyscrapers, she panting to keep up as he informs her as to what to expect, reminding her of what to say and not to say. Answer no statements, only questions. Keep answers short. Only answer what’s asked her directly. Keep her mouth shut otherwise. Let him do the talking. By the time they reach the elevator that sails them up to the mediation offices, she’s gasping for air and wondering if her heart really will leap out of her chest. He hasn’t broken a sweat, and he’s hauling a fat, square black leather briefcase on wheels.
As before, the lawyers chat while she hangs around in the waiting room until it’s time to enter the conference room. Messrs Brill, Lance, Mintken turn serious and respectful before an older man with a pinched face and a spare frame off of which hangs a fine-tailored pin-striped black suit. He carries a polished ebony cane with a silver curved handle and swings it affectedly as he stumps to his chair. They all wait until he seats himself portentously, and then they all sit. She and Mintken face the windows that frame a great view of Lake Ontario, that vast lake of beauty and deathly freezing depths.
“I’m Mr. Drake,” the pinched-face man informs her. “I’m the mediator that your lawyer and Messrs Brill and Lance agreed to. I expect respectful conduct during this mediation, you understand?”
What does he expect her to do? Spit on them. Now that’s an idea. She doesn’t realize that she smiles at the thought.
“Yes.”
“I hope you do,” he glowers at her.
She doesn’t answer again; she already did, and her ire is rising, her own ire with no help from Akaesman.
“We will begin with each lawyer stating their case. I will ask Mr. Lance to go first.” He turns his gimlet eyes back on her, “If he asks you any questions, you are to answer them.”
She doesn’t feel that she needs to answer that, after all it’s a statement, not a question. Fury joins her ire. Akaesman must be delirious. She fights the fury and ire, trying to keep the irritability off her face, wondering if she’s succeeding. She comes to with a start as she realizes Mr. Lance is speaking.
“… we dispute the plaintiff’s contention that she has complete Akaesman syndrome. As I mentioned before, there was no evidence at the scene of anything beyond the most minor of physical ailments. We believe that her claims since then are psychological in nature. Our doctors have examined her — here I refer you to reports by these esteemed professionals — and have found that in fact she suffers from somatoform disorder and not from Akaesman syndrome. We also believe that she’s capable of working and of earning an income, but she’s obsessed with this idea of songwriting. We’ve seen no evidence that she was earning any sort of income before this and dispute her income claim. We also believe her pain and suffering are of her own accord, that Akaesman had no part in this, and dispute that claim as well. We are, however, willing to offer what we consider a generous settlement, given the lack of evidence on her part.”
The pinch-faced mediator thanks Mr. Lance and gestures to Mr. Brill to speak.
“We agree with Mr. Lance. We also would like to warn the plaintiff that she has no chance in court. We will be asking for a jury, and no jury is going to see her side of this matter. She is young and healthy and wanting to suck off the public teat: that is what a jury is going to see. They’ll be struggling with jobs and wondering why the plaintiff expects free money and why she expects to go through life without working again. If you go to court, you will lose, and you will be worse off than you are now. The court will require you to pay not only your lawyer and disbursements, but also court costs as your lawyer Mr. Mintken will explain to you. You will lose your house. We advise against going down this road. You will lose. No jury is going to see you as credible. They’ll see you as a spoilt brat who wants free money and to be supported by a man, or in this case the public purse. Mr. Lance and I will be offering our generous settlement to your lawyer through the esteemed Mr. Drake.”
What an effing idiot. Does he think she believes him? Maybe a judge would buy his baloney, but people who live in the real world, with common sense, will not. She doesn’t think so anyway. She hopes not. How dare he threaten her like that. How contemptible. Her mouth twists. What kind of bullshit is this? Isn’t mediation supposed to be a way to get all sides to work together? This sounds more like who can hit the other over the head harder; who can threaten harder; who can stare down the other harder; who has the greater stamina for this game. They’re betting she does not. The only thing is that she is desperate for help, and they’re it. They’re the only way for her to get back to her dream. Without money, she has no hope. Her RRSPs are almost all gone. But whatever happens, she will do whatever it takes to reclaim her pre-born songs, no matter what Mr. Fuzzy Head and Mr. Pinch-Face say.
“… we believe that a jury will find her credible.”
Oops, she missed the whole of Mr. Mintken’s arguments. Oh well. They’re all standing up. She gets up too and follows Mr. Mintken out the door and into another room. They sit down, and Mr. Mintken explains what happens next: “At this point, the mediator will discuss their offer with them and then bring it to us. He will represent the offer to us, but he will also listen to our counter-offer and take it to them. He is a neutral, objective party in this procedure. This will continue until either we agree on a settlement or decide we can’t reach a consensus.”
Sounds tedious, inefficient, and inhuman. Strange that they see it as dangerous to have face-to-face discussions and treat each other like fellow human beings who have the same goal. She thinks on this for a bit. Well, maybe they don’t have the same goal. She wants to get well; they want to avoid responsibility, drag things out so that it becomes impossible for her to get well and they can save money.
Mr. Pinch-Face barges in and remains standing, cane held nonchalantly in his right hand.
“Mr. Brill and Mr. Lance are offering you a generous ten thousand dollars. I suggest you take it. You cannot earn a living off of songwriting. No one in Canada earns a living off songwriting or any kind of writing. This is pie-in-the-sky nonsense, young lady. No jury is going to believe you are sick or are suffering from the complete syndrome, and your supercilious attitude does not help matters. I asked you to be respectful while the lawyers were speaking, and all I saw from you was attitude. You will not get better than what they are offering. I suggest you take it and go find a real job.”
“Thank you Mr. Drake. I will discuss the offer with my client,” Mr. Mintken speaks up before she has a chance to blurt, “asshole.”
Mr. Pinch-Face inclines his head and stumps out.
“You need to control your facial expressions better.”
“I’m supposed to be cru-cru-crucified,” she sputters, “because the lawyers don’t like the way I-I-I look?”
“I’m afraid so. It’s all about appearances here, and it will be in court too. It doesn’t help that you can walk and talk fine. Physical disabilities always makes more of an impact on a jury, and you can’t see an injured neck as well as a limp or Akaesman syndrome as well as paralysis. But let’s discuss the offer. It’s clearly too low. I don’t think we can get more than, say, seventy-five thousand, but ten thousand dollars is insulting. It says to me that they’re not serious, and they’re only going through the motions. I recommend we counter-offer with a hundred thousand dollars.”
Righteous anger energizes her, sparks her brain into gear. She asserts, “That’s too low to end up where you’re suggesting. And besides if they’re insulting, we should push back. Two hundred thousand dollars. By the way, Haoma Therapy fired me today, this after TARC kindly saw me late last year for a follow-up ‘cause, ‘cause, they’d discharged me last year ‘cause, you know, the government s-s-says you should be better in some, some set amount of time. And now, and now Haoma says not to come back in because it doesn’t look like the Shadow Court will s-s-settle with me any time soon so they don’t think they’ll get paid. They didn’t even give me a chance to pay out of my own pocket, not that I could pay for as many appointments. I’d have had to cut down, but still — ask me!”
“Two hundred thousand dollars is unrealistic. I’ll tell my clerk to call Haoma, find out the total bill. I’m afraid I can’t get them to take you back on as a client, but we’ll work to document how much they’re owed. We’ll add it to the total cost of your treatments so far. I’m afraid that’s the best I can do.”
“Well, it’s already cost me four years, and I can’t see an end in sight. Two hundred thousand dollars,” she spits out.
They argue back and forth, she becoming more intransigent, him trying to explain the game to her.
“Very well,” Mr. Mintken relents. “I usually find Mr. Drake a capable mediator, but I’m not sure why he’s taken such a tough stance. This offer is not going to help. They’re going to laugh at it. But I can’t see us getting anywhere, given where they started anyway.” He leaves to negotiate.
“Let them laugh,” she grumbles under her breath. And as for Mr. Pinch-Face, that’s because he thinks he’s Mr. I-Know-Everything. Mr. I’m-Better-Than-You. He probably hates his job and takes it out on anyone trying to follow their heart. He wants them to suffer too. Stupid asshole. She gets up and stares out the narrow window as cumulonimbus clouds roll in from the west, their dark front and blacksheared anvil tops threatening the May blue sky. She waits for an eternity for her lawyer to return, and then they wait for Mr. Pinch-Face to stomp back in with an answer.
It continues like this, back-and-forth insults interrupted by waiting, until the sun fades and the city’s lights punctuate the darkness without. The others don’t budge from their original position as she and her lawyer slowly descend to one hundred thousand dollars. And then they all call it quits.
She follows Mr. Mintken wearily down to street level, where he whistles her a taxi. One immediately swerves into the curb. He opens the door for her and helps her in. Before he closes the door, he says, “This is just an opening volley. They’ve taken our measure and understand that you have a better value for yourself than whatever you can get. I think we can use that to our advantage. It’ll go better next time.” And he swings the door shut.

~~~*~~~


chapter twenty-three
DAYS OF AFFLICTION HAVE TAKEN HOLD
BANG, BANG, BANG. Smokey is fed up waiting for her and wakes her up rudely. Again. She opens her eyes and blinks rapidly against the light from the sun squeezing through the shutter laths. She’s hot. The air is cool. She stretches underneath the covers, turns over, and closes her eyes. The mediation was only a week ago; she’s still recovering, even though it’s but a distant memory to her now.
Bang, bang, bang. Meow.
She opens her eyes and stares at the door, turns over and blinks at the alarm clock time. Damn, it’s almost 11:00 a.m. She reaches over and turns on the radio in time to hear the weather report: cloudy, mild, a high of fifteen, right now twelve degrees Celsius. Her eyelids fall again as she marvels that she actually absorbed the weather report in one go.
Bang, bang, bang. Meow. MEOW.
She sits up fast, her heart racing. Sighing, she heaves the covers back and puts feet on floor. Ow. Her feet always hurt when meeting a firm object at the start of the day, that object being the floor. She sheds her pyjamas, limps across to the shelves next to her closet, extracts a T-shirt proclaiming “Love Hurts,” pulls on her sweatpants from yesterday, and then finds her overlarge Roots sweatshirt, and limps to the door. She pulls it open. Smokey yowls at her then thumps halfway down the stairs, pausing to look back to see if she’s following. She’s not. She needs to pee, wash her face, and snort up her flowery anti-stress-induced rhinitis medication. Sheesh, such an impatient cat. Her face softens as she looks back at her cat. Her cat is the only being that puts up with her with total devotion. That cat bounds back up the stairs and follows her into the bathroom to stare at her unblinkingly.
“Okay, okay, I’m coming.” Poor thing. It really is well past her feeding time. At least she remembered to give her fresh water last night. She hopes. She’s sure she did. Suddenly she rushes out of the bathroom down the stairs, almost tripping, and peeks round the dining room wall to look at Smokey’s dishes. Phew. Water still in the bowl. She hadn’t forgotten. Good thing she still pays attention to her Palm’s aggravating alarms, the ones to feed and water Smokey, the ones to feed herself, the ones to remind her to check her email, the ones to tell her to go out for her appointments, the ones to remind her to rest, the ones that say exercise, the ones that ensure she pays her bills and mails out the cheques on time, well, usually on time.
Smokey is winding round her ankles, and she almost trips. Feeding her cat first becomes a self-defensive move. To the accompaniment of loud crunching, she pulls down a bowl for herself, pours in a package of instant oatmeal with oat bran — organic, of course, courtesy of her grandmother. She’s ready to admit that her relative knows better. This oatmeal tastes pretty darn good, even through her screwed-up taste buds that make everything taste metallic and leave a salty taste behind. Ugh.
After adding a sprinkle of Salba and nuking it with milk, she puts in some walnuts, covers it with wheat bran — her grandmother insists only the Big Carrot has the right-sized flake and colour of wheat bran — almost forgets the Thompson’s raisins, and spoons in a dollop of Manuka honey. Carrying the bowl to the table, trying not to drop it as it burns her fingertips, she sits down and looks at her place. She forgot something. Oh yes, juice. Cranberry-orange, Grandmother had insisted. Well, actually Grandmother had wanted her to drink only cranberry, but she had balked at the sour taste. Now she’s ready to eat. Uh, no she’s not. Her pill cup looks lonely. Picking it up, she scrapes back her chair, goes to the pill cupboard, and shakes out of each bottle into the cup the medications, supplements, and antioxidants for her pain and nutritional needs. She sits down again. Now she can eat. Nope, she forgot to get her paper. She shoves back her chair and troops to the front door. She opens it and suddenly realizes Smokey is right behind her, about to bolt between her legs for the spring outdoors. She slams the door shut. And turns to stare down at her cat, yelling No!
Smokey blinks back up at her, tail waving slowly. They stare at each other while her oatmeal grows cold. She’s too slow and sleepy to open the door again and not let the cat out, yet she wants something to read during breakfast. She needs her paper. It’s her habit. So what if she hops and skips around the articles, not reading a whole one from beginning to end, never finishing a letter to the editor, skimming through the comics, managing only to read the advice column through on a good day. Finally, Smokey stalks to the sun room chair, two metres away, leaps onto it, her muscles rippling their strength under her coat, curls up, nose under tail, then props one eye open. She waits a moment and then opens the door as fast as she can, grabs the paper, and closes it practically on Smokey’s nose. Her cat squawks then stalks back to “her” chair.
She walks back to her chair, opens the paper, sits down, pulling the chair into the table, and then eats and reads. The front page has an interesting article. She starts to read it, it continues on another page, she flips to the first page the paper allows her to, begins reading another article, midway through decides she wants to finish reading the first one, searches for it, looks back on the front page for the page number, finds it, finds the article, reads a bit, gets bored, reads the last paragraph, gets confused, checks out the middle paragraphs in no particular order, becomes slightly enlightened, but is too bored to try again, and goes hunting for the comics. She used to read every one. She likes Between Friends. She eagerly reads the first panel, skips to the very familiar For Better or For Worse, reads its first panel, then the second, moves back to Between Friends, and finishes up with Doonesbury, who confuses her this morning. She flips through the newspaper to find the advice column. In the middle of one angst-filled question that piques her interest, she finishes her oatmeal and swallows the last of her supplements, 500 mg of Vitamin C. Forgetting all about the half-read question, she takes her crusted bowl to the sink and runs water in it. Weariness suddenly infects her bones. She should brush her teeth, but the very thought of that effort drains her more, and she heads to the couch for a nap. She lies down, knowing she can’t sleep, but too tired to do anything else except listen to music. Sinéad O’Connor’s album Faith and Courage is still lined up in the Bose her grandmother had given her for her last birthday. She turns it on. O’Connor breathes out, “I have a universe inside me …” Humph, some universe she has.
She yawns and stretches, and the song’s words fade out of her consciousness. She admires her new living room. She finds the creamy white so soothing. She hadn’t wanted any curtains up on the living room’s arched window in the original outside wall. The sun room is the original porch closed in. She doesn’t have any curtains on its windows either, preferring to look straight out when she’s lying on the couch. But Grandmother had informed her that people can see right into her house at night and that she needed to do something. And believing that it would take her the rest of the year if left up to her, Grandmother had hauled her ass to IKEA, gave her a choice of two solid-white heavy curtains, arranged to have the brushed silver rod she chose screwed in at the top of the living room wall, and hung the drapes across the entire width from ceiling to floor. Since they were on rings, she can easily close them at night, which she rarely does. Too much work. But she likes the look, so much so that she’d replicated it in the dining room, had taken the creamy white paint all the way up the stairs and into the tiny upper hall, and had then covered over the pink walls in the kitchen with pale yellow. Grandmother had insisted she move the computer off the desk in the dining room. She’d come over one day, having seen the light in ensuring her place is as free of visual distraction as possible. She’d come bearing storage boxes that hide under beds and couches and had cleared the desk in the dining room of everything but the phone and a notebook and pencil. She’d arranged her book shelves upstairs so the books were all neatly lined up, creating places for paper, office supplies, all in their own trays, saying that her own work was not good enough, and then cleared the glass table of everything but her computer, a phone, a pencil holder, a lined pad of paper, and a tray for holding her chequebook, envelopes, address labels, and stamps. She had to admit she felt much calmer after Grandmother had blown through.
And she likes her couch too. Grandmother had suggested a slipcover, and she had chosen a turquoise blue. They had also bought four feather pillows from IKEA, dressed two in a heavy brocade in solid green and two in silvery-grey striped silk. They’re so comfortable to lean against. “Yup,” she sighs, “this transformation works.” She turns off the stereo and flips on the television. Suhana Meharchand fills the screen. Damn, it’s the news. She’s too late for Martha Stewart. She flips the television off, reaches over for the stereo remote, and turns that on, switching it to radio mode. The radio is tuned to a Top-40 station. Listening to the bouncy pop reminds her that she has to look at her Palm. Creaking herself up, she flips off the stereo, tosses the remote onto the coffee table, and goes to look for her Palm. It’s next to the phone. Checking her schedule for the day, she sees she has course work to do. She’s getting good feedback, but doing the work saps the mental energy out of her, and she always thinks it’s dreck. She’ll start with checking her email.
She climbs to her music room and turns the computer on. Impatient for Windows XP to start, hating the flickering clicking sound of the computer revving up, the endless whirring of the CD player, she hightails it for the silence of the bathroom and brushes her teeth. Teeth cleaned, leaning heavily on the sink, she looks into the mirror and sees balloon face peering back at her. She doesn’t know why her features have drowned in water or why her arms are like sausages in her sleeves or why her feet refuse to squeeze into the confines of many of her old shoes. She doesn’t know why her skin burns or why she pants for simply answering the phone or why her heart races. And she’s stopped asking Dr. Basset, who is himself exasperated with the cardiologists he’s sent her to, their response is always her ECG is fine, her stress test is fine, she’s fine. But at her last visit he had said the D-word. He’d said if she didn’t eat less sugar, exercise more, she’d become diabetic. It’s all too much. Too much. She looks away from herself and scrubs her hands.
Going back into the music room, she averts her eyes from the covered keyboard, that reminder of fallen dreams. The irritating whirring has stopped, thank goodness. Now she can tolerate the computer. She starts up Thunderbird, the free email reader one member of her Bible study group had mentioned to her and helped her set up. She’s being troubled less by viruses since switching from Outlook.
The ringing of the phone makes her jump. She looks at the Call Display. Unknown Name, a 1-866 number. Stupid telemarketer. But now she has to listen to the phone ring four times right in her ear before they give up. She hears the answering machine in the dining room click on, the recorded voice telling the caller to leave a message, and then blank silence. Refocusing, shaking off her irritation, she starts reading her email: some newsletters, forwarded chain letters, nothing personal. She thinks today she’ll read a newsletter. The headline is no big deal, but then the first paragraph eludes her attempts to make sense of the sentences, what energy she’s regained since breakfast begins to fade. She clicks Delete. She doesn’t know why she remains subscribed to all these newsletters all these years.
She double clicks on the Firefox icon. She’s been searching for treatments for Akaesman syndrome or AS. There has to be more to recovery than simply learning compensating strategies and pacing. There has to be real treatment. There has to be a way to recover fully without being permanently affected by him. She types “Akaesman syndrome” into the Google search box and taps the Enter key. A mind-boggling number of entries shows up, one million, two-hundred thousand to be exact. She’s not sure if she’s seen the first ten or not before and clicks on them one after the other. For the first few minutes, she assesses each website for treatment potential quickly. But by the sixth website, the text is blurring into nonsense, her body is slowly, slowly sagging down into her chair until she props her head up with her left hand and squints at the screen, hoping to make sense of these badly designed websites.
Her stomach devours her. Lunch time. She heads to the kitchen. She hates this time. Grandmother wants her to eat an egg a day, but cooking every day is exhausting. Asha, the woman who had introduced her to the Bible study, had suggested microwaving an egg with some herbs in a little container. It’s quick, but she hates the taste. Too often though, that’s all she has the energy to do. She nukes her egg after popping a slice of whole wheat bread in the toaster. She pauses and then drops in a second slice, to hell with Grandmother’s edict to eat only one slice per meal. She wants to mask that egg in butter and bread.
She wolfs it down with a glass of ice water in a futile attempt to cool herself down. Yet though hot, she’s chilled. So weird. She gets up and stands before the thermostat. It’s at seventeen degrees Celsius; she better raise it to twenty. But how will she feed the bill? Well, it doesn’t matter when her body can’t regulate its temperature properly — she doesn’t really understand why as no one has explained it to her or even paid much attention to her complaints, including her insanely fast heart rate and her up-and-down blood pressure. Sometimes she thinks her body has gone to the circus to become a flame-thrower, acrobat, and dumped-on clown all at once.
She picks up her Palm and checks her schedule. Time to exercise. Damn. She should have done that before lunch, but her stomach had screamed starvation and she’d forgotten all about exercise. Oh well, she’ll lift her puny weights on a full stomach.
The phone shrills.
She leans over to check the Call Display. It says, “Cand Diabt As.” There should be another ‘s’ there, she thinks uncharitably. No money, she silently screams at the phone. No money, no spare clothes to donate, no nothing. She stomps into the living room, drags her weights out from under the coffee table, turns the television on — Steven and Chris on CBC cheerily greet her — and starts hefting her three-pound free weights. She finishes her routine with stretches. She’s supposed to go for a walk, but getting herself out the door is beyond her most days unless she has an appointment to go to. She walks every Sunday though, church being her motivation to get dressed for the outdoors, open the door, and walk out. Good enough, well, realistic enough.
She drops down on to the couch, slowly lies on her side, and finishes watching Steven and Chris from a horizontal position. She flips channels to CityLine. Marilyn Denis is leaving the show she’d heard somewhere, and it’s one of her final ones. After that, she flips to Oprah. About halfway through, when the commercials start to exceed the programming, she sits up and goes to the kitchen for some water and a cookie. Sitting back down on the couch, she continues to watch Oprah empathetically interview her sob story of the day.
Smokey lands on her lap. Ooph, she blows out a stream of crumbs.
“Smokey!”
Smokey ignores her exclamation and places her paws onto her shoulder. Heaving herself up higher onto her right shoulder, she starts to nibble at her hair.
“Christ!”
Smokey leaps off, then proceeds to serenade her with meows before leaping after phantom dust bunnies and bouncing back onto her lap just as Oprah has caught her attention again.
Ring.
Startled, she inadvertently throws Smokey off, as she rushes to the phone only to see it’s telemarketer number one again, the 1-866 number. Well, she’s up now. Better check her Palm. Oh yeah, she was supposed to work on her course, and she’s now supposed to get dinner ready. She is so not in the mood for cooking. Fatigue makes her arms heavy, her chest like a hollow filled with lead, her head wrapped in cotton batting, her legs like solid sticks. And her feet ache. Some days she wonders if the fatigue will ever leave her or if it will always be ebbing and flowing from the time she awakes until the time sleep finally comes. But she must eat, and Grandmother has decreed that only good nutrition, home-cooked meals where she controls the salt and fat and sugar, not convenience frozen meals, not take-out pizza, will help her heal. Of course, Grandmother doesn’t cook for her. She cooks only for herself and expects her to do likewise.
Shaking off her resentful thoughts, she walks to the fridge and stares in. Smokey joins her. Cheese, milk, eggs — she’s already had her egg for the day, thank you — bread, jam, a couple of apples. She doesn’t see the lettuce or leeks in the vegetable drawer where Grandmother had put them in a rare moment of helping her put away her shopping. She doesn’t even think to open the vegetable drawers and to check for food. She closes the door and opens the freezer.
Slap, the mail slot goes. She pushes at the freezer door while turning toward the front door. Junk mail lies all over the floor. She bends down, picks it up, stands up slowly, hand on lower back, and then opens the front door and tosses it all in the recycling bin next to the stairs. Slamming the door closed, she stomps back to the kitchen. Whipping open a cupboard door, she stares at tomato sauce cans, dried pasta and rice packages, and more jam. She frowns. How much jam does she have? Bored, Smokey pads back to her chair, which is now receiving the western sun, while she grabs a can of tomato sauce. Thank the gods that she had bought a can of prepared pasta sauce. She’ll have to adulterate with salt-free crushed tomatoes, which means half of the combined sauces will eventually go bad before she thinks to finish it, but she can’t have that much salt in her food. She sucks at her salty tongue. Sighing, she also grabs an open package of whole wheat spaghetti. She’d kill to have regular spaghetti, but that’s verboten. She agrees with Grandmother, but she’d really like not to have to think about food so much.
She places a Pyrex dish filled with water in the microwave to heat up; opens the cans slowly; drops the spaghetti in the water after the microwave beeps; punches in eight minutes on the microwave; and when it beeps, takes out the spaghetti, carries it carefully to the sink, finds a colander, and drains the spaghetti into the sink. She forks some of the spaghetti into a bowl; scoops three spoonfuls of the combined sauces over the spaghetti; fetches the pre-grated cheese out of the fridge; scatters some over the top; and nukes that until the cheese is melted. She takes the bowl, along with a towel, ‘cause, let’s face it, she isn’t the neatest eater around, and carries it to the living room where she slurps and chews it up while watching the 5:30 p.m. news. Global National with the hunky Kevin Newman is a must-see on her calendar.
She tries to watch the local news afterwards, but her attention keeps wandering. She feels like she’s missing something. She hears a truck rumble past her house. Garbage. She has to put out the garbage, for tomorrow is garbage day. She heaves herself up and walks into the kitchen. Plastic and paper towels litter the top of the counters; food decorates plates; paper boxes lean against empty plastic containers; and a drunken milk carton stands beside the sink. Her shoulders slump. She has to sort all this out, plus get the newspapers out of the grey box standing at her door and put them into a large clear bag, and every week it’s a mental contest as to who will win: obedience to the city’s imposition of transfer station status on her and every person’s home in Toronto or her fatigue and mental confusion. Usually fatigue wins. But she isn’t feeling too bad today.
She opens the cupboard under the sink to fish out two different bags: one for recycling and one for greens. The third one, the one for garbage is already sitting half-full in the plastic garbage container screwed into the inside of the cupboard door. Is there a fourth one she needs? She has a feeling she does but can’t think why. Silently telling herself to get on with it, she begins by confidently tossing the crinkled plastic wrap in the half-full garbage bag. She pauses. She looks down at it, lying innocently on top of a crumpled Kleenex. It’s plastic. The city recycles plastic, and it’s always changing what can and cannot go in the recycling garbage. Maybe they’re recycling plastic wrap now. She ponders that for a moment and then starts pondering the Kleenex. It’s made of paper, yet it has lotion in it. Surely they don’t recycle lotion. Hmmm … the city does believe it’s good to grow vegetables from diapers, so why not lotion as fertilizer too? Thus it really belongs in the green garbage. Or maybe not. Her head hurts. She straightens up and starts working on what she does know: food belongs in the green garbage. She scrapes the small splotches of food left on plates and bowls into the expensive biodegradable garbage bag. She picks up a scrap of food-stained paper towel and is about to toss it in after the scraps when she hesitates. Does paper towel go in with the food because it has sauce and some dried vegetable stuck on it or does it go in because it’s considered biodegradable or does it go in with the recyclables because it’s considered paper? But it’s been bleached, and so doesn’t that mean it’s garbage, regular old garbage, like in the old days? She studies it. Well, it looks bleached because it’s white. Maybe it’s not. Maybe it can go in to the recyclable garbage bag with the newspapers. She hesitates. It is paper, right? But one is supposed to clean out all the tins and cartons, and it’s hard to clean paper towel when sauce has soaked in. She starts to spiral into confusion. No, no food goes in recycling so it goes into the food garbage, green garbage. But it’s not organic.
Still holding the soiled paper towel in her right hand, she looks around for the city’s garbage calendar. She finds it in the third drawer she looks in. Flipping through it with her left hand, looking for answers about paper towel, plastic wrap, and Kleenex, she blinks at the cacophony of text and colours that assault her eyes. Focus on the paper towel, she tells herself. Forget the others till you find the paper towel. But the volume of information overwhelms her brain. Suddenly she tosses the calendar back in the drawer, which she slams shut in frustration. Tears spring from her eyes; her breath catches in her throat. She will not, will not let this make her cry. She cries. Standing, holding the paper towel, she cries. And then the tears are gone, but not her frustration. Tight-lipped she tosses it in the garbage.
“It’s all effing garbage anyway,” she yells toward the void of City Hall. “Why do we have to sort it for you, you effing cheapskates?!”
It’s for the environment.
“Bet the vegetables love ‘diaper fertilizer,’” she mutters under her breath as she starts tossing the remaining counter detritus into the garbage. It’s too difficult to decide where to put it, just like it is every week. She’s tired and cranky and overwhelmed with the amount of information she has to learn and remember about garbage and with having to make a decision about where to put every item of trash, including the batteries she’s just found that had rolled behind an apple on the counter. Damn. Where are these supposed to go? Of course, that’s the fourth bloody bag! Toxic garbage. Well, there isn’t going to be a fourth fuckin’ bag. She’s not a garbage storing station, a feeding place for mice and bugs to play in. This is her home! She throws the batteries into the regular garbage bag and slams the cupboard door shut. She breathes hard for a moment. She glares at the open bags sitting on counter and floor. She has to haul them out now.
Luckily, the city has a policy for people like her who have trouble with the ugly big plastic bins Toronto had insisted all house residents use; she only has to put her garbage in bags and leave them outside her door. She was so relieved when she learnt of this city policy and amazed at how much energy she has gained and how much less pain she is in from not having to wrestle with bins. But she can never remember what garbage week it is. Looking out the window to see what others have done doesn’t work as the dark blue of the recycling bin and deep grey of the garbage bin look the same to her from far away. She retrieves the dreaded calendar again; finds the date; squints at the little icons; compares them to previous weeks; and finally decides the icons for this week must be for recycling and food garbage. Regular garbage can stay in her cupboard, building up for another week. She ties and lugs the appropriate bags outside and then flops back on the couch, in time for the weather report, which she promptly forgets as the forecaster is giving it.
It’s 7:00 p.m., and the phone is calling her again. Another telemarketer. Another check of her Palm. Oh yeah, she really has to sit down and do that course. She heaves herself up to her music room, sits down at her desk, moves her mouse, and waits for the computer to come out of standby. No wonder her hydro bill is too high — well, too high for her, low according to Grandmother — when she leaves the damn thing on all day without using it. She clicks on the email with her coursework for this week and reads. And reads it again. And reads it again. She pulls a pad of Post-its toward her and breaks down the work into steps, writing each step on one Post-it, sticking each Post-it left-to-right across the bottom of her monitor. She peers at the first Post-it: “Step 1: do a free association exercise in response to the topic, Spring.” She sits back in her chair and thinks. She fishes a pen out of the pencil holder and waves it between her fingers. She pulls the pad of paper toward her and leans over it. Her blank mind remains stubbornly blank. A snort from below penetrates the silent air. She trundles downstairs to gaze upon her curled-up cat, returns upstairs to her chair, and the waiting paper. Remembering her timer, she fishes it out from behind the flat panel monitor, turns it to twenty minutes, sets it down, and once again stares at the paper.
Just write!
Bending over the paper, pen in right hand, she writes “spring,” circles it, draws a line upwards, and prints “end” in all capital letters. She circles that, draws a line from that upwards again, and prints in all caps …
Bring, the timer vibrates. She sits up, shakes her hand out, and looks at the ink-covered paper. Who knew that was hiding in her blank mind. She turns off her computer, watching the shut-down sequence expressionlessly, before slowly pushing back her chair, going downstairs, and refilling her water glass at the kitchen sink. Pulling a bag of popcorn out of its cupboard, the bag she bought behind Grandmother’s back last Sunday after church, she shuffles to the couch, plunks herself down, puts her feet up on the coffee table, and turns on the television. She flips, flips, flips through channels 5, 9, 11, 17, 19, 23, 25, 29, 41, 44, 49, and 57 over and over until she finally recognizes the program she wants to watch. Soon she realizes she’s not following the plot and turns the volume up, all the way up so that she can understand what’s being said. She settles down into the couch and munches on popcorn. Smokey lifts her paws up onto the couch, then pulls herself up to sit beside her, staring at the popcorn bag. She eats one, gives her one, not noticing when Smokey nips her fingers, while watching her favourite programs fixedly until bedtime. Another day done.

~~~*~~~


chapter twenty-four
QUACKS THE END
“HOW ARE YOU?”
“Fine,” she draws out the word, wondering why Mr. Mintken is phoning her.
“Good, good. It’s time to move on to the next phase of your case. You’ve seen the defences’ medical experts. You’ve seen …,” Mr. Mintken pauses. Silence hisses along the phone line.
“Well, uh, I’ve seen …,” she chews her lip. In the time she waited for the discovery and then the mediation, she saw a neuropsychologist, whose report stated she was a he. She saw an old doctor who said her physical injuries were real, but no, that was a long time ago when this whole thing first started. She saw … her mind refuses to divulge any more of the quacks that the Court has sent her to. “Um, well., there was that neuropsychologist who s-s-said I was a he.”
“We can discount him. They won’t be able to use his report in court. If they do, we’ll tear him apart in the first five minutes, discrediting their case.”
“Oh yeah, there was that neuropsych guy Quickley sent me to.”
“Don’t worry about him. He never sent a written report.”
“Oh. Well, um, there was that Doctor of Ed. He s-s-said he was a psychologist, but he didn’t have a psy-psy-psychology degree.”
“A registered psychologist can have a Doctor of Education not just a PhD in psychology. He is legit.”
“Oh.” She chews this thought on her lip and then continues, “Anyway he gave me a bunch of questionnaires, lots of questions on whether I’d commit s-s-suicide or what I think about sex. I can’t remember what he said though.”
“That was the first psychologist you saw, right? Yes, I have his report here. It’s credible, and it furthers our case, which means they won’t use it.”
“Then there was that as-s-s-sessment centre. I learnt that they can make my neck move just by lying me down.” Memory of that stimulates her into emotion, energizing her speech, “It was amazing how flexible my neck suddenly became. So he said there was nothing wrong. They also tried to make me do things on these pieces of equipment that looked like they came from Soviet Russia. When they started making my shoulders ache and neck hurt, I stopped. They didn’t look happy. But why should I re-injure myself because they want to make a case to stop my treatment?” she ends on a rising note.
“Hmmm … yes. We usually prefer our clients to perform those tasks to the best of their ability.”
“Well that’s stupid,” she grouses. “That’s stupid if it means I strain my muscles worse. How will I get better and play my music if my neck won’t move anymore because of them?”
“I understand. Still … Well, you don’t have to do those anymore. That report may hurt us. Let me make a note here to send you to a physiatrist. We have a good one. She’ll examine you in a way that won’t cause more pain but will show the limitations of your physical movements that impair your ability to play.”
More games. It’s all about my experts are better than your experts. Sounds like recess in grade school. Whatever happened to the truth? They claim they’re looking for the truth with all these experts, but what truth is that? The one that will get them off the hook? The one that keeps them on the hook? The exaggerated one? The lie? The injustice rankles her, especially since she’s at the whipping end of their injustice. If someone says it enough, it starts to sound truthful.
“… another psychologist?”
“I’m sorry I don’t understand.”
“I was talking about their other experts, how those went. They have one fairly credible expert on the physical strains. But I believe the other ones may not be.”
“I don’t know. There was this one doctor. I hardly saw her. Dumpy thing. She only s-s-spoke to me right at the end. There was this other guy who gave me lots of tests, questions about my memory, verbal s-s-skills, math stuff. I don’t know how often I’ve done those tests. I could do them in my sleep.”
“You’ll be glad to know they’re done with their testing, although they have the right to ask for more. But since we’re past the discoveries, I’d like to start building our own case based on how you are now.”
“Uh-huh. They said my memory was f-f-fine. My concentration was fine. My emotions were fine!”
“Ah yes. It was that report, the one that states you have somatoform disorder. We can shoot that one down easily. They’ve already started to back away from that theory. But I’ll send you to our vocational counsellor to ensure they can’t use it. He’ll do a battery of tests, some of which will prove their theory wrong. I know you don’t have it. They know you don’t have it. People with that don’t work as hard as you have for as long as you have to get better. I see great progress in you. I have faith you’ll get rid of Akaesman and regain many of your talents back. I’m sure you’ll be playing again sooner than you think.”
“I guess.”
“I know. No guessing. Now there was one more psychologist you saw?”
“Um, um … oh yeah. Her. I forgot about her. Bitch. Doctor … Doctor … Doctor Bratt! That was it.” Just remembering that doctor angers her all over again. “Grandmother was going to dress her down — and Grandmother can be intimidating when she goes in full lecture mode. I told her how it went when she picked me up, and she almost got out of the car. But I stopped her. I don’t know how ‘cause she never listens to me. I think I threatened that my lawyer said not to argue no matter what.”
“Good! We can’t have anyone attacking the experts, no matter how justified. You didn’t argue with her, did you? I don’t see her report yet on my desk. Did you see her recently?”
“Yes, last month … no, the month before, well, in the spring, late winter, I’m not sure.”
“Her report should be here then. She seems to be taking longer than usual to issue it. These things have a deadline. I’ll follow up with Mr. Lance before I go on vacation.”
“Okay. Well, no, I didn’t argue with her. I was too stunned. Actually, I was too slow in processing what she said. I did that the next day. Then I was furious at her attempts to rile me. She started by being really late. How dare she be late! But I said nothing. And then she spoke to me like I was a slow and stupid, stupid cow, telling me over and over to pay attention. I was so stunned I forgot I was angry. You’d told me to co-operate no matter what, and I was. I did. So I don’t know what her problem was. She reminded me of a group back in junior high who were always whining about the way I looked, the way I dressed, how I was always doodling songs by myself. That’s all I thought about were those classmates and wondering why some grey-haired, elegant doctor was acting like that.”
“She wanted to rile you. I’m glad to hear she failed. But she has good credibility. Her report will carry weight.”
“I want to complain about her to the College.”
“No! Don’t do that.”
“Why not? She shouldn’t talk to people like that.”
“Maybe, but I don’t want you filing a complaint. You can do that after the case is settled.”
“I’d rather do it now.”
“No.”
She sighs loudly. “Fine.” She continues, “I think those were all the quacks they sent me to.”
“You need to stop calling them quacks,” he berates her. “I’m concerned about the last one and that physical assessment. I don’t think we need a lot of reports here to counter them, just good-quality ones. Your doctors’ reports won’t carry a lot of weight because the courts generally consider them biased.”
“Biased?” How bizarre. They think doctors in overextended Ontario have so much time on their hands they want a really sick patient and they love writing reports on those same patients? This court system is sounding more and more biased towards Akaesman.
“Yes biased. We need two good experts, one to counter their findings on your physical injuries and one to counter the findings on your mental state. The latter can also confirm that you have all the signs of Akaesman syndrome. I don’t think we need scans. They’re expensive anyway and hard to get, and yours was positive. So that’s good.”
“I’m glad about that.”
“Well, no need to worry about those. I think we’re coming to the end of the evidentiary part. I’ll have my clerk write you about seeing those experts. She’ll set up the appointments for you, tell you where you need to go, anything you need to remember when seeing them. I want to ensure you remember every part of the last few years, so try to recall key events before you see these experts. We need as complete a report as possible, the suffering you’ve endured, the kind of difficulties you’ve had, how Akaesman has impaired your daily functioning, your ability to earn an income in your chosen profession, that sort of thing. If I have any more questions, I’ll call you. Good speaking to you again.”
“You too. Thanks. Bye.”
She hangs up, leans back, sees the clock above her desk, the one she finally thought to put up in front of her eyeballs so as to get a better handle on the time. And frowns. She picks up her Palm. Oh my God, she’s supposed to be seeing Dr. Jones in less than an hour. She rushes out into the muggy July day.

The coolness of the Haoma Clinic is a relief from the textural, soggy air outside. She’s gotten used to the awkwardness of coming here after being fired from physio and acupuncture. Dr. Jones said he was willing to continue in hope of being paid down the road. He’s confident he will be, for her case is strong in his view. He’s treated many, many people with complete AS, and he’s told her over and over that she is so typical that her case is a slam dunk. She wishes she is as confident in her case.
Dr. Jones has changed the paintings on the walls, she notices as she precedes him into his office. They’re bright swirls of soothing blues, creative yellows, energetic reds. Smooth stones adorn her side of his desk. She sits down in the supportive ergonomic chair and holds her back away from the seat back. She isn’t sweating; she’s burning. She wants only to sit still until the artificially cool air can soothe her overheated body.
Dr. Jones hands her electrode clips to fasten to her earlobes, sticks two electrode patches on her shoulders, and then turns on the familiar little device that provides the only pain relief she can get these days. On the one hand, she’s adjusted to the pain; on the other, it’s becoming more and more unbearable. He’d started using the pain relief device on her last year. It isn’t much, but it’s the only thing, along with three-times-a-day slathering of arnica cream, that keeps her from being overwhelmed by the never-ending pain. Hot salty baths that relax her muscles overheat her. Cold showers that soothe her burning skin contract her muscles. The insanity of it all makes her want to run screaming down the street.
She sits quietly as the device works its magic, and she tells Dr. Jones of her week and how she’s feeling so that he can determine what today’s therapy will entail.
“I wish I could read,” she says, grief overtaking her all of a sudden. “I, I want to get lost in a book again, anything to get away from my life. I wish even more I could play my piano. Every time I played or wrote a so-so-song, it was like the world stopped, time didn’t matter, hunger didn’t matter, all I felt was the moment. The total peace of falling into my work — that doesn’t happen now. No matter how hard I, I try, the piano remains out of my reach.”
“How’s the course going?”
“Fine,” she replies, the grief suddenly gone from her consciousness, and she’s emotionless again. “The instructor is so, so, so encouraging. He’s liking what I’m writing. I’m f-f-feeling like, like the words are f-f-finally coming back. But, but I don’t know them until I write them. It’s like my mind doesn’t tell me what it’s thinking until I s-s-see it on the paper. But there’s no music yet.”
Dr. Jones’s eyes flicker. Always at this point, he’d reassure her that it was buried in her, that it would come out, that she’d find it again. He’d say that she’d play again, be productive again, feel her music again. But today he’s silent. Her breathing stops. Her stomach hollows out. Her eyes widen. His green eyes darken, and then he blinks, and he smiles.
“I know what we’ll do today. You need lifting up, and you need peace. We’ll work on your visualization technique, to peel back those layers of fear and anger until you are immersed in the peace that’s at the core of all of us. We’ve done this before, with good success. It will also help calm your apprehension of seeing more experts. Okay?”
“Okay,” she nods, her whole body still taut from what she saw in Dr. Jones’s eyes. No hope. No more hope for her.

~~~*~~~


chapter twenty-five
SEEKING BOUNTEOUS SPARKS
SHE SHIVERS AS she lets the door close behind her. It’s a long walk to the bus stop, and it gives her time to process what she’s done. She’s fired Dr. Jones. She hadn’t said that in so many words to him, and it’s taken her almost a year to do so since that day last July when she saw no more hope for her in his eyes. But she’d done it her way. She’d begun by paying for her appointments several months ago, using her credit card like all good debt-carrying Canadians. And today she had told him that she’d call later to book her next appointment, that she wasn’t going to come automatically in her regular weekly slot. It wasn’t a big deal for him because a few times already this year, including today, he’s rescheduled her appointment. She isn’t too pleased that she had to come on this June Tuesday morning. She’d shaken his hand as usual, paid with her VISA card, and walked out. She feels released.
The cool damp air seeps into her bones; the cloudy sky reflects flat light into the city. But neither dispirits her. She knows this decision is right. When she’d seen that loss of hope in Dr. Jones’s eyes, and although she hadn’t seen it again since, she knew that she had to act on it. It was hard though. First, she had to realize that she had a decision to make and then to figure out which way to go. But ultimately sticking with something that is no longer working simply because he had been so good to her and she had found him empathetic was not good enough. She had to get better. She had to.
She likes that today will be the last time she has to make the long trek of streetcar, subway, bus, walk to Haoma, and back again. She looks forward to swanning around her home with Smokey on Dr. Jones’s days. The TTC for once deposits her near her street expeditiously. And she looks forward to collapsing on her couch. But as she gazes upon the long skewed line of piggy-sized dark blue recycling bins and pint-sized disgusting green bins hogging the sidewalk from St. Clair Avenue to her doorstep, weariness sags her. The garbage trucks have been by; the bins are bad enough when first put out, but after being emptied, they’re left at the edge, in the middle, diamond-angled, with bits of paper, squeezed pop cans, and used Kleenex fluttering underneath. Eau du bin effluent hangs in the air. She tries to squeeze between the bins and the road. But some are so large, there’s no room; smaller ones allow her to shuffle past on the edge of the sidewalk, but it’s an up and down affair as she walks on the flat of the concrete and then on an angled driveway and then on the flat. It challenges her balance, and she teeters at one point as she walks on the edge. She fears walking on the road, with the cars zipping up behind her, speed bumps be damned, but after being shoved off the sidewalk for the third time by a bin, she turns down the Queen-like strains of Masterpiece Theatre II by Marianas Trench on her iPod Mini and resigns herself to using the road with many a glance behind her as she walks along it.
At last, she’s home. She closes her door against the insanity outside, Smokey barely cracking open an eyelid when she walks in. It’s the middle of the day, and it’s too cold to get out of her warm chair in the sun room. Smokey is not happy that she’s turned off the heat — to save her dwindling savings — and the June air remains stubbornly cool. This summer is shaping up to be a miserable one.
She goes upstairs to shed her going-out gear and to put on warmer, softer, non-restricting sweatpants, T-shirt, and sweatshirt: a thick winter-weight sweatshirt. Back downstairs she munches on a piece of toast with jam and slurps a cup of coffee while she stares at the dining room wall from her seat. She always needs to decompress after one of Dr. Jones’s sessions. He likes her to do nothing for twenty minutes after therapy so as not to overstress her mind and body. She always has to fight the inner urge to ignore his advice and check her email on the computer over and over like a hamster in a wheel in case someone, some old friend, some long-lost relative, has emailed her. Sometimes it happens. Or not. Today though she takes his advice.
Now that she’s pulled the safety net from under herself, she has to succeed. And to do that, she needs rest. Swallowing the last bite of toast and brushing her hands on her pants, she walks upstairs to her desk, pulls out her chair, sits down, takes a deep breath, and turns on her computer. Crap. She should’ve done this when she first came in. She slumps against the back of the chair and watches the changing screen as her computer chugs on, Windows whirs into glacial action, the antivirus software updates itself and prevents anything else from working. But finally the clicking shuts up, and she can start Firefox. She waits for it to load, impatient to begin what she’s been doing for at least a year: spend fifteen minutes — the maximum time Akaesman lets her search before draining her so much that she can no longer make sense of words — Googling Akaesman syndrome for treatment options. It’s been fruitless so far. She lets her eyes unfocus and herself slip into a trance, while the Google website blossoms into readiness in front of her.
Suddenly she sits up and clicks in the Google search box. She types in “Akaesman syndrome treatment.” It brings up a lot of American sites, some non-related Canadian sites, and some Canadian sites that offer the same kind of therapy she’s been spending all these years on. She sighs. She looks over at the clock on the bookshelf to her right and watches it tick off the minutes inexorably. She looks back at the screen. This is not working. She must try something new. Something different. How does she feel? What is her overriding symptom? She studies her inner scape, hears the clock tick, notices a bird fly by the window in front of her, studies her inner scape, hears Smokey shifting in the chair, feels the coolness of the air, licks her lips and tries to moisten her mouth, studies her inner scape. A comment Dr. Jones made knocks at her consciousness. Oh yeah, she recalls. He’d noticed early on that she was hearing people talking outside the office door, his clock ticking, things happening outside his window; he’d seen her attention wander with each stimulation calling her attention. That was it, wandering attention. Or ADD. But no, ADD is a physical or brain ailment. She frowns and considers again. Akaesman is a being, a visitant; he’s inhabiting her. He’s affecting her mental and physical functioning, but he’s the problem. If there’s no direct treatment to get rid of him, then maybe she should look up something related to him. She frowns against her rapidly woollying thought. She fights it, forces clarity back into her mind. And she sees. She’ll look up illumination or light therapy, something to light him up, illuminate him, distinguish him from her own self. Maybe something along those lines could help her. It isn’t like she has lots of options.
She types in the search box at the top of the web page, “illumination light treatment.” A new search results page loads, filling the screen with rapidly appearing lines of type. At the top is “Spenta Empowerment.” And it’s in Toronto.
She clicks on it. She scans their welcoming message. She doesn’t see Akaesman mentioned. But what the heck, she’ll call them. She looks for their Contact page, clicking on one tab after another, starting to panic a little as her fifteen-minute window of alertness closes down. Finally, she realizes their phone number is at the bottom of each page. She picks up her handset and carefully copy-punches the number in.
“Spenta Empowerment, Dr. Luce speaking.”
“Oh. Hi. I’m wondering if you could help me.” Damn, she should’ve written down her spiel. Now she’ll have to wing it, which means lots of stuttering and stammering like an idiot.
“Certainly, we’re here to help. We provide treatments for several conditions. What is it you need help for?”
“Akae-Akae-Akaesman s-s-syndrome.”
“Ah yes. Our clinic has recently been getting good results with the few cases that we’ve had. And we recently published a single-subject case study on our work with Akaesman syndrome. What are your specific symptoms?”
She lists them. Dr. Luce’s soft, empathetic voice settles her mind down, calms her nerves, and lets her focus on answering her simple questions.
At the end of her questions, Dr. Luce says, “It sounds like you’ve had quite a ride, and you’ve made great progress. I’m hopeful that we can help you focus on your task, that is to fight Akaesman and force him to leave you before he’s ready to leave on his own, before he changes you permanently. With more and more clients coming to us for help, we’ve done extensive study on his habits, what he does, and how people are during and after the syndrome he causes. We don’t fully understand the reasons why it happens, but we’ve, that is the spiritual community, has noticed that he doesn’t invade the spiritually strong. We’ve also noticed that he acts to weaken your cognitive functions, making you fail and then doubt yourself, which breaks your spirit. He then works to change you into a malleable person who takes on his characteristics before leaving you. This is often a quick process in a spiritually weak person. But some, like you, spark to life instead and resist, and it takes him some time to effect the changes. Our goal here is to empower you by strengthening your higher cognitive functions, like concentration and memory, to restore your self-confidence, and to heal your spirit. That last is particularly important so that you can learn to distinguish yourself from him. You can’t fight what you don’t recognize as not yourself. All of our work is experimental when it comes to this syndrome, but we’ve had good success so far. If you’re interested and willing to be a guinea pig, we’d be happy to assess you and then give you a more complete answer. How does that sound?”
“So-so-sounds good.”
“That’s great. I’ll just check our calendar. I believe we had a cancellation. We normally have a six-month wait, but I’d like to slot you into this cancellation, get you in here as soon as possible. You will find your pain levels will go down with our work as well, and that will help restore some of your energy and ability to fight him. Ah, here we are. Yes, we did have a cancellation. A Dubai family was coming for an assessment of all the members and an introductory treatment program. But border issues forced them to cancel. It is in three weeks, on the twenty-fourth of June. How does that sound?”
“Sounds good.” She writes it down in her phone notebook with the intent to transfer the details to her aging Palm later.
“We start the assessment at 9:00 a.m. sharp. We ask that you not be late. It’ll be all day. There are lots of places for lunch around here, or you can bring your own and eat in the park across the street. Now, are you aware of our assessment fees?”
“No.”
“Are you covered by insurance?”
“No. That is, I am. I’m, I’m f-f-fighting the Shadow Court, but they’ve s-s-stopped all treatment payments. And my own s-s-savings are going down — that is, I’m, I’m living off my small trust fund income, what’s left of my RRSPs, and my grandmother, my grandmother, sh-she-she pays for groceries and s-s-stuff.”
“What I’ll do for you then is charge you half our regular assessment fee, and then if you’re a good candidate for treatment, we’ll invoice you only at cost. We need to recoup our expenses, but you’ve worked so hard, and you sound like an excellent candidate that I’d like to give you a break.”
“Thank you.” She doesn’t know what else to say. She’s overwhelmed by such kindness when this doctor doesn’t even know her yet is willing to offer her such a deep discount on the strength of one call. “Thank you.”
“Not at all. I’d like to help you achieve your dream. That’s what we do here: help people achieve their dreams. Now, do you know where we are?”
“Um. Uh. No, I don’t think so.” She looks at her computer screen, searching for an address, but already the words are morphing into meaningless.
“We’re at Yonge and Lawrence, in the medical office building right above the subway station. You’ll be coming by subway?”
“Yes.”
“You come out of the subway, walk up Yonge Street a couple of metres, and then you’ll see a set of steps into the building. We’re on the seventh floor. When you get to the seventh floor, turn left, and walk all the way down the hall and enter the door that will be facing you. Our name is on the outside of the door. I look forward to seeing you in three weeks.”
“Me too. Thank you.”
Relief at finding help so suddenly and so quickly fills her with energy. She creates an event in her Palm for the coming appointment and then rotates her chair until she faces the bookshelves. Seeing their derangement, she considers decluttering them. Grandmother had, but clutter somehow builds back up. She’s scheduled regular times to combat new clutter. She does that to keep her home a Zen zone ever since Sunny had explained that a visually clean environment will make her energy rise. It’s not her scheduled day or hour to declutter. But today she feels released and relieved and daring to try. She stands up, letting the chair wheel backwards into the desk, descends her stairs, walks into the kitchen, and fetches duster, cleaning cloth, and dusting spray, steps back up the stairs, returns to the music room, and pauses. Yup, she’s ready.

Three weeks later, on a sweltering day, she’s ready to begin a totally different kind of treatment. She arrives at the Spenta Empowerment Centre right on time, burning in the humidex of thirty-two degrees, glad she doesn’t have to walk in the thick air for more than a minute, marvelling at how she managed to travel in it and on the crumbling TTC on this Wednesday morning.
Dr. Luce interviews her for two hours, asking her about that day she met Akaesman, her physical diagnosis, her neuropsychological diagnosis, her symptoms, her treatments, who she’s seen and for how long, her mental health, her emotional health, what she’s done for her spirit. It’s exhausting; but it is only the beginning.
Dr. Luce closes her file folder on the notes she’s been taking and says, “Alright, that’s all the questions for now. I find it interesting that you tell such a distressing story with such calm, like your emotions have been dampened. I haven’t seen quite that lack of affect before, and I’d like to work on that, as well as what we discussed on the phone. But for now, we’ll do some tests. I’ll have you do the first one now before lunch, and we’ll do the rest afterwards.
“Before we get started, I’d like you to understand what we’re about here. We are a holistic centre focused on empowering people. We work on mind, body, spirit. The tests I’ll be doing here will measure your cognitive and brain functions. The treatments for that will strengthen your brain and thus your body. But you will also need exercise. Exercise isn’t just good for muscles, it’s good for your mind and your spirit. So we have a trainer who has extensive experience with people suffering from all sorts of conditions. He has special knowledge of complete Akaesman syndrome after working with severe cases in a hospital setting. We’re fortunate to have him, and I’m sure you’ll like him. After you settle into your treatments, we’ll set up an appointment for you to see him, and he’ll monitor your progress quarterly in person and weekly by email.
“As for the spirit part, I like that you’re going to church. We find that having a faith makes a difference to recovery. We also find that having a spiritual mentor, someone who will walk with you from the spiritual side of things is very helpful. She is not here to counsel or advise you but rather to give you guidance as to how to recognize Akaesman acting in you, how to distinguish yourself from him, what exercises to do to build your confidence and your spirit so that you can resist him. You will meet with her regularly once we’ve moved past the twice-a-week phase of treatment down to once a week. We don’t want to overtax you.
“This is a long process. It’s going to require patience and perseverance on your part. How does that sound?”
She nods, receiving the information but not really understanding. “Good,” she manages to say. Dr. Luce gets up and walks over to a small desk at the other end of the large office. She follows. An old hulk of a beige computer sits on the desk that’s up against a blank wall. She follows Dr. Luce’s gesture and sits in the plain, pine chair. She takes the set of headphones given to her to wear and forgets to listen as Dr. Luce explains the test while she examines the earphones. Fading back in to what Dr. Luce is saying, she picks up on the fact that the computer will step her through the test. She’s left alone as the test begins.
She puts on the headphones, and a male automated voice comes on telling her that it will flash or say the number “1.” When it does, she’s to press the left mouse key. The machine steps her through a practice session. Then it tells her it will flash or say the number “2” alternating with the number “1”; she is not to press the mouse key when she sees or hears “2.” It guides her through a practice with both numbers. And then it begins the fifteen-minute, excruciatingly boring test. At the end, she figures she’s done well. She was a tiny bit slow in responding correctly to “1,” but maybe all those naysayers are right: there really is nothing wrong with her.
Dr. Luce comes back in right after the test finishes.
“Alright,” she smiles, “I bet you’re ready for lunch.” She nods, and Dr. Luce suggests a few places where she can go for a half-hour lunch. She had made a sandwich at home and takes it outside to eat. She needs fresh air, needs space to let her mind go blank.
When the half-hour is up, she returns. Dr. Luce greets her as she enters the waiting room, and she follows Dr. Luce to a room next door to her office. There, a large computer sits with two wide flat-panel monitors next to it. She sits in front of the monitors, and then Dr. Luce explains the test as she scrubs her earlobes clean with gritty paste. She spreads EEG paste on two electrodes for her earlobes and, after clipping them on, measures her head in both directions, spreads apart her hair in the precise middle, scrubs it clean, and presses down a single electrode with EEG paste. Somehow this single-electrode test will tell them in what ways Akaesman has changed her, but only generally. The test doesn’t take long.
When it’s done, Dr. Luce removes the electrodes and introduces her to a pleasant university-aged woman. Dr. Luce’s assistant starts a new program on the computer, one that shows a drawing of the top of a human head with symbols all over it, all in red. For the next twenty minutes, the assistant cleans her earlobes and her forehead, struggles to pull on a tight form-fitting cap full of grommetted holes, squeezes EEG gel into the holes, its coldness a welcome relief on her hot head, and works the gel into her scalp until each red symbol on the screen turns amber and then green. Once they are all green, she fetches Dr. Luce.
Dr. Luce approves of what she sees, closes the program, and starts another. She types in her name, birth date, gender, and other essentials and then begins collecting data.
She watches her brain wave patterns flow across the screen and is slow to switch focus when she’s asked to do some tasks rather than watch her brain work. Some of these tasks she does with her eyes open, some with eyes closed. Dr. Luce asks her not to fall asleep when her eyes are closed but simply to relax. She reminds her constantly to relax her jaw. She wonders briefly how she looks with that garish form-fitting cap and hanging jaw. Fatigue wipes her memory as she finishes each task; she becomes more and more in the moment — the past and the future evanished.
Back in the office with remnants of paste in her hair and cotton batting firmly and thickly surrounding her perceptual centres, she barely understands what Dr. Luce is saying about the assessments. She nods and takes the material Dr. Luce hands her. She gets up and walks out of the office, material in hand, down to the subway, back toward home, where she slumps in front of the blaring, incomprehensible television, unmoving until The National comes on. Peter Mansbridge’s “Hello” stimulates her into planting fists on couch cushion, pushing herself upright, teetering on her feet for a moment, and then moving toward the kitchen in search of food. Smokey is hungry too. Her cat had uncharacteristically left her alone until now. She picks up her continuously mewing cat, wanders over to the kitchen, but stops.
Was it real? Was today real? She remembers that first test, the one she was sure she did so well on. Apparently not. Apparently her focus was all over the place. And the other tests showed her brain had low power, was mostly asleep, and … and … she struggles to remember. She gives up. It doesn’t matter anyway, for she can ask again at her first treatment what this all means. All that matters is they will treat her. Treatment. She savours the thought. She blinks rapidly. She mustn’t forget; she must enter her appointment into her new iPod Touch. The Palm was becoming less and less useful as it was old technology. Getting into Spenta galvanized her to replace it, although she’s not sure if the primitive iPod Touch is any better, except for its screen.
She struggles to remember when she’s supposed to go. Oh yeah, the appointment time is on one of the materials Dr. Luce gave her. She finds her purse and fishes in it for that wad of paper. She unfolds it and finds the date. She rummages in her purse for her new iPod Touch and fingers in the date of her first treatment session. The date she will start to get well: the second Tuesday in September.

~~~*~~~


chapter twenty-six
NOW HER EYE SEES
“HOW’S YOUR AURORA home unit working for you?” Orit, her therapist for the last three months at the Spenta Empowerment Centre, asks.
“I tried to use the high-alpha s-s-session. But I became tired, and I felt overwhelmed as the session went on.”
“That’s to be expected. You’ve only been using the unit for three months. Don’t be hard on yourself. Remember there’s still lots of work to be done on raising your alpha frequency. Keep running the main alpha program, and you’ll get there.”
She nods as she says, “Alright, I will.”
“For today, we’ll start with a high-beta session. Dr. Luce feels it’s time to work on the problem-solving frequencies. Would you like me to explain to you again how this works?”
“Yes please.” She feels stupid having the same thing explained to her over and over. She’s gone along with the illuminated therapy that Spenta offers, not thinking about it yet hoping in the recesses of her being that it’ll work. But then this week she started to sense changes. She cannot specify them, except that her speech is evening out faster, yet somehow her core being is strengthening, the cotton batting round her mind shredding. And for that reason, she’s at last a tiny bit curious about how this therapy works. Each time Orit explains it — and when Dr. Luce explained it at her first session — a little glimmer opens up and adds to previous glimmers of comprehension.
“As you know, Akaesman secretes a light-sucking miasma that allows him to feed on energy from your neurons. They shrink and shrivel up; the white matter thins. And then the blood supply is cut off. One theory is that the blood supply actually pools and destroys neurons nearby, causing a cascade kind of effect, before the blood vessels block themselves off. After he drenches one area in this miasma and siphons off all the matter and energy, except for a certain subset of neurons he leaves alone, he extends himself into another. In people who don’t fight or seek help, this takes a matter of days.
“An alternative theory is that, like an octopus, he extends tentacles into different areas over the whole of the brain, excreting his miasma through the tentacles and then sucking back up energy from the neurons he touches, leaving a few key ones alone that will obey his will. He becomes so satiated that he kind of sits there like a fat pig digesting his engorgement, making sure you’re changed permanently into the kind of person he wants you to be before exiting. He has to stay longer than seven days in people who seek help and resist him, like you, to accomplish the same thing. We’re not exactly sure how he works. All we know is that in some autopsies those areas of the brain look exactly the same in every invaded person but different from the general population. On your full-head EEG they manifested as sleeping, that is, they were producing delta waves. On a really good scan, like a PET scan, which Ontario only allows cancer and cardiac patients to use, you can see that those neurons aren’t working.
“Illuminated therapy works by breaking up the miasma and lighting up new pathways. That way we restore those cognitive functions and physical regulation of your body that Akaesman took from you. To prevent him from shrivelling up the new pathways or neurons, we teach you to distinguish between yourself and him, that way you learn to resist him directly. And when you resist him, he can’t secrete miasma because he has to use his energy to fight you. While he’s doing that, it becomes easier to strengthen your cognitive functioning like concentration and memory, which will give you more confidence and energy, which allows for more healing, and so on in an increasing cycle of you being able to fight him until one day you can eject him.
“The Aurora home unit is part of that therapy. We use the same technology here to artificially stimulate the brainwaves we want to see before moving on to the active part of the therapy when you’re hooked up to the computer.
“I understand that you were offered Srukar. Not all our clients receive that gift or, more like, perceive it. That gives you even more strength and internal support to fight him. You just need to learn how to use that gift and recognize its value.
“As Dr. Luce may have mentioned in your first treatment, we also suggest other activities that will help you to distinguish between Akaesman and you. We feel you’re ready to embark on one.”
“Oh.” She’s not sure she is herself. But if they say so …
“Dr. Luce wants you to buy a point and shoot camera.”
“A point and shoot? But I’ve never taken photo-photographs before. I left that s-s-sort of thing to Jim. And Grandmother refused to take photos. She’d hire someone to take f-f-formal portraits. I don’t know how to work a camera.”
“Don’t worry. A point and shoot is easy. It’s like its name — you point, then shoot. Henry’s outlet store down on Queen Street sells cameras at a discount. They’ll help you find one you can learn to use easily. The idea is not to take great photographs but to use the camera to learn to see.”
“Learn to see? Um, but I s-s-see.”
“Yes, but there’s more to seeing than just looking. When you take a picture, you’re forced to examine what you’re photographing, to think about what it is you want to see in the picture. Take that library kitty-corner to us. When you take a picture of it, your eyes won’t slide by it like when you’re walking past. Instead, you’ll see what it’s made of, what shape it is, if there are cars passing by and blocking your view, or if you’re close, how much you can see of it, if there are people entering or exiting it, if they’re students. You see what I’m getting at?”
“I guess. I think.”
“The camera will force you to perceive not just see. As you exercise that skill, it will expand beyond taking pictures. You will start to perceive inside yourself who is you and who is Akaesman. And once that happens, you’ll be able to resist him better. Also, and this is a big also, you’ll have fun with it. Fun is good! It takes you away from anger and irritation. Anger cannot coexist with laughter. Anger and irritation are his means of asserting his control when you’re not compliant. So becoming less prey to that and enjoying a new hobby is a good thing. Think of it as you’ll be fighting him in another way. He needs you to be angry. And you need a new hobby. Christmas is only two weeks away. It’ll be an early Christmas present to yourself and a treat for having come this far!”
She’s a bit doubtful, but she’ll go along with it. So far, their suggestions are working. The Aurora home unit sure does make her feel less like a zombie and more human. For that alone, it’s been worth it. She’s not looking forward to Christmas either, so maybe this will take the stress out of it. She’d really like to enjoy a holiday for once. It seems like another lifetime when she last did.
On that thought, and with Orit helping her, she leans back in the zero-gravity chair. Orit gives her the reflector wrap-around sunglasses of the Aurora unit with their four tiny LED lights behind a blue plastic shield on the inside. She slips them on, and then she feels Orit putting on the ear phones. Soon pulses of light fill her closed eyes with colours of pink and yellow and violet, while thrumming fills her ears. She no longer falls asleep during these twenty-minute sessions, but her whole body still relaxes. Today her mind also comes alive. Thoughts blow in to her blank mind; ideas, concepts swirl and expand.
Suddenly, the lights and sound are powering down. Orit removes the glasses and phones, has her sit in the computer chair, and cleans her earlobes and the top centre of her scalp before pasting electrodes on. Orit starts an HRV session and leaves the room for a moment while she breathes in and out in a slow sine wave and watches her heart rate moving up and down in sync, feeling calmer, feeling settled. Five minutes later, Orit comes back in and stops the session. They move on to a bowling game. Her favourite.
“Okay, today I want you to keep your beta waves above this line and your delta waves below this one. The idea is to enhance your beta-wave activity while suppressing delta-wave activity. Ready to begin?”
“Yes. Will it be for three minutes, like the other sessions?”
“Yes,” Orit answers and then clicks on the play icon.
She concentrates on the screen, which shows a bowling ball at the top of a lane, moving toward ten pins. She must somehow will the bowling ball to move forward and knock down the ten pins. When she does that successfully, the game resets itself, and she must repeat the procedure.
At first, the ball starts and stops, as delta waves rise and beta waves remain stubbornly low. But gradually the ball rolls for longer and longer. By the time the three minutes are up, she’s ready for a nap, but she’s gotten the ball to roll in one smooth move from the top of the lane to the pins. She has three more games to play before her time is up. In between games two and three, Orit plays Blokus with her to improve her visual-spatial skills. She can’t cheat at this game, and she always loses. But she loves these minutes of having simple fun with another human being.
Too soon her time is up. She staggers home in her usual exhausted state where she guzzles her post-Spenta can of ginger ale before parking herself in front of the television with warmed-up leftovers.

The next day, after the rain has stopped, under a cloudy sky, she dutifully goes down to Henry’s outlet store and buys a cute, small silver point and shoot. Back outside, she aims it aimlessly at stores and the Metropolitan United Church and presses the button as the store clerk had shown her. She scrutinizes the photos on the camera’s screen and isn’t too impressed. Well, she’ll show Orit tomorrow what she’s done and figure it out from there. She shoves the camera in her pocket, pulling out her iPod Touch first. She scrolls through her favourite play list till Alanis Morissette’s plaintive You Learn belts out from the earbuds, getting her feet moving again.
Orit had told her as she was putting her coat on about a photography website called “Flickr.” She’s not sure about joining an online group. She had a friend who disappeared for hours in a chat room. But Orit persisted, had said that it is a good way to meet people through a shared hobby. “You need to make new friends,” Orit had said, concerned about her social isolation.
She mulls over Orit’s suggestion, thinking that it’s true she hasn’t been able to make new friends since her old friends dropped her. And although the church is a place of comfort and the Bible study something to look forward to, she hasn’t made any friends through it, not the kind you call up on a whim or go out for coffee with or share your deepest thoughts. She’s not sure if that’s something odd or the norm for church friends. She shrugs, oh well. She has to get home. She’s whacked and wants a nap.

That night, energy surges through her. Eschewing television for the first time in years, she turns on her computer and surfs to Flickr. It takes her two hours to figure out how to join up. Something doesn’t want her to join. Her forehead pains at the end of it, but she has a Flickr account. She writes down her user name and password and posts it on her monitor. She looks forward to the day when she can once again memorize a password easily and not need to have it in plain view for all to see. Well, Smokey to see because who else comes to her place other than Grandmother? Oh yeah, her homemaker. Well, she’s too tired to figure out where to hide it. Later. She’ll also have to wait for another day, maybe the weekend, before she can start learning about Flickr. She no longer chafes at how long she takes to learn something, do something. She’s learnt patience, that everything takes her a week and a month to do. Signing up in one day is pretty good. She stumbles up to bed, Smokey following along behind to watch that she gets into bed before trotting back down to the living room to play with her fabric snake.
As she lies there in the dark, staring up at the ceiling, that glows faintly from the streetlights sneaking in through the shutters, she reviews the last two days. She can’t wait to tell Orit all that she’s done in such a short time: bought a camera, learnt how to take photos, signed up with Flickr. She speaks out loud, imagining that beautiful visitant, whoever she is, standing there in front of her, for she feels too shy to speak directly to God:
“I did a lot today. I resisted that f-f-fatigue that makes me want to lie down and not move, and I went downtown. I wasn’t sure I could make that trip and back and buy a camera. And on such a crappy day too. But I did. And I did more. I even took pictures. I signed up for F-f-flickr. And I just noticed that I’m three-quarters through my song, my songwriting course. I’m probably like the slowest student he’s ever had,” she smiles wryly. “But he’s cool with it. It’s so, so nice not having s-s-someone judging you, saying get on with your life. Just encouraging you and cheering you on and telling you you’re doing great. I think I’m starting to do more. Maybe this illuminated therapy really is working.”
You are in my care.
She smiles and closes her eyes, not noticing that for the first day, for the first night in years she isn’t irritated.

~~~*~~~


chapter twenty-seven
WITHOUT FEAR
SHE WAKES UP to a chilly Thanksgiving Monday and snuggles under her blanket and sheet. She’s spent two years at Spenta, attending every weekly session, with only summers and Christmases off, diligently working on her homework, submitting to biannual reassessments, enjoying the fruits of this different life of hers, making new friends online, especially on Flickr. She’d been tentative about joining groups. She hadn’t understood what they were all about at first, but a Flickrite had invited her to join one, and then she’d searched for “Akaesman” and had found a neat bunch of people in the Flickr group “AS-Kicking.” They discuss treatments, support each other through their problems, have weekly photo theme contests, and distract themselves from Akaesman’s shenanigans through sharing their photography with each other. The first thing she looks forward to doing every morning is to check on the latest group discussions and upload a photo to the group pool; just thinking about it raises a smile on her face.
But today, suddenly, she doesn’t want to get up. The thought of logging in to Flickr weighs her down. And Smokey strangely is not banging at her door. And then she remembers. Her cat was banging around the house all night instead, waking her up hourly, raising her ire. Yelling at her didn’t stop her yowling and bouncing off the walls; chucking pillows down the stairs as her cat careened by didn’t work; holding a pillow over her head to block out the noise only made her feel suffocated. At last she had slept, but the morning sun has other plans. At least the clocks haven’t gone back yet, which means the dawn is late.
With a sigh, she heaves herself up and pauses to stare at the floor. She flops back and lies there for a while, heat erupting through spots on her skin that turn red and swell up. She usually grabs the tea tree oil cream at that point. Instead she lies there, thinking about the cream, thinking about how she has to keep the heat down to save on energy yet has to turn it up to at least twenty degrees Celsius to stop these eruptions, to stop her body and brain leaking energy. She really should go get that cream, but she’s cold and maybe pulling the covers over is a good thing. She twists herself back around and pulls the covers over, letting the malaise keep her in bed.
Another hour or two later, she awakens again. She still doesn’t want to get up. Smokey is still quiet. She doesn’t like that and throws her covers off to go find out why. Smokey is curled up in a corner of the couch, very very still. She hesitantly stretches a finger forward and prods Smokey’s side.
“Yow!” her cat cries.
Relief floods her, and she leans against the couch watching her sleeping cat. Finally she pushes herself off and into the shower. A shower will wake her up. It doesn’t, and now she’s late taking her medications including the ones the Spenta medical consultant had prescribed to increase her energy and to slow down her rapid heart rate, stabilize her fluctuating blood pressure, even out her breathing, reduce her physical stress, the stress that causes her hands to shake, her internals to shake. She has to take it with breakfast, for it causes her stomach to rebel in outrage when swallowed without food. And if she doesn’t take it with breakfast as part of her routine, she’ll forget it altogether. Spenta has shown her how much better she functions, how much more energy she has when she follows her routine, when she structures her days, all of her days.
She eats her breakfast.
She swallows her Spenta-prescribed pills, her Grandmother-prescribed supplements.
Grandmother has come around to her going to Spenta. She hadn’t wanted to tell her grandmother at first, fearing her judgement, yet her mouth blurted it out the day after her assessment on their regular shopping trip. Grandmother had instantly ridiculed what she’d called her irresponsible use of money. “What,” she’d asked, “is illuminated therapy?” She’d mumbled her reply but hadn’t backed down, much to Grandmother’s disgust. The week her constant irritation left was the week that Grandmother had studied her and said, “It’s done you good.” Grandmother’s severe strictures against church when growing up keeps her mouth shut though about joining a church and, more so, joining a Bible study group. She can’t face Grandmother’s absolute rejection.
Malaise clings to her all day. As she looks out the window while going through pre-sleep prep, seeing the round moon reflecting the sun’s brilliance, she hopes that Tuesday will be better. It has to be, for it’s Spenta day.
But it isn’t. She’s begun a new habit of clearing the table and counters, of putting dirty dishes into the dishwasher (or emptying it of clean dishes), and turning it on once it’s full. But she can’t turn it on, for the detergent door won’t close. It springs back up every time she tries to click it into place. She ensures the block of detergent isn’t in the way. Puzzled, she tries again. It doesn’t work.
“Argghhhh!” she screams, pushing the door up with her foot, hearing it bang against the upper shelf, the glasses clinking against each other. “Damn.” She swivels, stomps two steps across the room, and yanks open the fridge door, glaring at the contents. On her out days, she allows herself to have toast and butter and jam for breakfast instead of oatmeal, that way she can enjoy a large lunch at a restaurant. The thought of this small luxury disperses her frustration. She takes the bread out of the fridge, fishes two slices out of the bag, and plunks them in the toaster. She depresses the toaster tongue. It pops back up. She tries again. It pops back up. She chews her lip; the toaster’s cord catches her eye, and she sees the plug end lying on the counter. She plugs it in. She depresses the tongue. It pops back up. Frowning, she slowly pushes it all the way down until it catches. She releases it; it pops back up. Smug satisfaction escapes from that boxed-in part of her mind that she has, under the guidance of the Spenta trainers, created and pushed Akaesman into. How can he affect her toaster from inside her? They’d said they didn’t fully understand how he works. She tries again; smug satisfaction morphs into pleasure.
“Damn it!” she yells, even louder than the first time. “Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Why is this happening to me? Isn’t it enough I have to put up with Akaesman in my f-f-fucking head all the time going nah nah nah. On and on and on. Never shutting up! Shut the fuck up already! Fuck Akaesman. Fuck Jim. Why’d he go and leave? This would not be happening if he hadn’t left,” she screeches at the ceiling. “Goddamn it. Stupid fucking friends. Traitors. Rats. All of them. Who the hell do they think they are? So precious, so fuckin’ important they couldn’t waste their precious time on me.” She stomps in time to her words, “Think they’re so fuckin’ normal, so fuckin’ important. They’re not!” She stops, leans back then bends forward, putting all her power into her lungs, screaming louder. “You’re all fucked! You hear me, you assholes? Fuck them! Fuck them! Fuck them! Fuck all of them. Stupid effing toaster.” Her voice drops to speaking-level decibels. “And where is God in all this? Si-si-sitting up high, like some s-s-self-important potentate who doesn’t soil his hands with us-s-s.” She breathes heavily, then suddenly winds up again. “Fuck him!” Her chest heaves in the silence for seconds. “He shouldn’t let this happen. I have enough shit to deal with. Why can’t I just make toast? Why does everything have to be such a big, effing deal? So damn difficult. Everything is just a goddamn effort. Even trying to brush my teeth. I hate brushing my teeth! I want to be normal! What’s wrong with normal? Why is it banned from me? How long is this going to go on? How long must I wait? Fuck you God!” She leans her hands on the counter, puts her head down, and inhales deeply, trying to think what to do, rage filling her mind, blasting any coherent thought out of her head yet energizing her muscles. “And why is it the only time I ever feel normal is when I’m angry? Huh? Are you listening God? Do you give a shit?”
She stands there breathing noisily and becomes aware in her physical stillness that Akaesman has stretched his inky tentacles out of his box into her. She stands up abruptly, yanks the bread out of the toaster, spreads butter on it, then jam. If she can’t have toast, she’ll eat the crappy bread untoasted, and by this time it’s no longer fridge-cold anyway.
Swallowing the last of her cold bread and jam, she sees the time. Something stirs, something tries to push the stirring away. She takes her new iPod Touch 4S out of her pocket — all her clothing now has pockets so that she can carry her iPod with her wherever she is — and thankfully it finally has, at last, a useful calendar home screen, which is telling her now that she’s late. Her appointment had been changed for this week, a holiday week, to an earlier slot. With her fight over the toaster distracting her, she had forgotten. She rushes up to brush her teeth, to finish dressing for the outdoors, trying to remember if it’s raining today, but then realizing it doesn’t matter as her umbrella is bent out of shape and her rain jacket is so old, it’s no longer waterproof. Jogging back down the stairs, she pauses to peek at the table to see if she had remembered to take her pills. She doesn’t see any waiting for her. Good. As she turns away, she spots Smokey’s empty dishes. Her heart lurches. How could she forget? Stupid, stupid, stupid. What kind of cat companion is she? Jim was right. She can’t take care of a cat!
She rushes to fill the bowls, trying not to cry, expecting to see Smokey come running. But she doesn’t. Worry drying her eyes, she trots into the living room, sees her cat curled up in the corner of the couch. She holds her breath and waits. Smokey’s side rises. She releases her own breath in relief and hurries to the front door to shrug on her jacket and race out to Spenta. In her dash to the streetcar she doesn’t notice far-off streaks of light breaking through the lowering clouds.
Orit isn’t phased by her lateness, and her calm demeanour calms her down. The session goes well until Orit switches to coherence training. They’d been doing this for the past several weeks, a boring but effective session designed to stop her brain from acting as one unit and instead to have each area do its thing yet still be able to communicate with other areas of the brain. Apparently having too-high coherence between parts of the brain causes slow processing and excessive energy waste.
The computer game for this one is simple, have a ball roll to the gorilla’s left arm — her right — and try to keep it on his left arm. It’s been difficult, but last week they’d had a breakthrough. Today though, it’s as if it’s her first time: she can’t get the ball up and over the back of his neck, from his right arm to his left. It remains stuck on his right. She tries all her tricks, looking at a particular place on the villa behind him, looking at his left neck, moving her eyes with the ball, not letting her eyes drift to the “wrong” side of it. But nothing works. The ball remains stubbornly still.
Orit makes encouraging noises while her heart leadens, her malaise returns, and Akaesman’s satisfaction deepens. She rallies, but the stubborn ball soon quenches her rallying.
As she removes the electrodes, Orit comforts her, “We all have setbacks, it doesn’t mean it’s permanent. It’s only temporary. Next week will be better. You’ve worked so hard, don’t give up now. And I know that it’s been a hard holiday for you, with being alone on Thanksgiving and unable to join your grandmother in serving the homeless with your fatigue issues and her not getting how hard that is on you or making an effort to sharing dinner with you at your place. But next week will be a new week. Don’t worry.”
She listens but does not hear. She worries, and Akaesman rather likes that. She’s so thankful that she’s learnt to distinguish herself from him to the point that she can feel his personality and her own as two separate beings. Still, she doesn’t yet know who she is, these last few years having so radically altered her expectations, her skills, her sense of her place in the world, but at least she no longer believes she’s him. These thoughts push him back into his box as she exits the building, and he’s miffed. She walks down the street to the subway and home for a full day of television watching with a somnolent Smokey.

The next morning, after another interrupted night of Smokey going bonkers, she wants even less to get up.
Get up.
You want to sleep, so sleep.
Get up.
Why should you?
Get up.
Fed up, she throws the covers back and gets up. Warring voices in her head does not a good mood make, especially after the thunderous paws running back and forth, up and down the stairs last night. What has gotten into her cat?

She chews her breakfast in front of her computer, something she never does. She’s thankful she has more energy, more ability to sit in front of the computer. She can even search for something for up to a half-hour, a half-hour of blissful forgetfulness of her situation. Her new friends on Flickr have been urging her to get a DSLR as her photos have become better and better. They’ve been talking about what lens is best and laughing over the seriousness of Nikon diehards. Never would she have thought of herself as a photographer. Never would she have thought it would lighten her life. She may no longer have friends calling her up, but she has new ones chatting with her online every day, friends who don’t care about who she was or what she was supposed to be. It’s a thrilling feeling, and she needs that right now.
But she can’t read the comments in their latest chat thread. She reads the first sentence over and over and over, as in days of old. Finally she comprehends it. She spoons up some oatmeal, lifts the spoon up to her mouth, closes her lips over it, and slowly pulls out the spoon as she tries to keep her eyes on the thread so as not to lose focus. It doesn’t work. She chews her oatmeal as she chews the words in her mind. The oatmeal is meaty, the words indigestible.
She thrusts her chair back to stand up, letting it wheel against the bookshelves, as she stomps downstairs to finish eating. She then goes to the couch for a postprandial nap, with a snoozing Smokey at her feet. Napping is one of Orit’s six definitions of rest. The others are exercise, stretching, meditation, deep breathing, and listening to beta-wave inducing music, none of which she’s in the mood for.
It doesn’t help. She tries to read the last of Robert Sawyer’s WWW trilogy that she’s in the middle of, but she’s back to reading over and over in endless futility until understanding finally surfaces. On top of all that, little streaks of pain pull her muscles tight, bad enough to make her stop trying. She looks over at her clock and sees she has fifteen minutes for lunch and then she has to leave for Bible study. Maybe she should skip it. Clearly, the melanoid miasma has enveloped her reading areas. There’s reading in the Bible study.
Go.
Rest. It’s better to rest.
Go.
She goes.
Her eyes almost shut against the high-pressure sunlight as she steps out. Streaks of pain turn into shards lancing up her neck into her skull, down her arm into her finger joints. She walks to the church and her Bible study group anyway. But that second voice had been right. Bible study is incomprehensible. Maybe if she had known the story about the blind man in Mark 10 before Akaesman showed up, she’d be able to follow, for then she wouldn’t be dependent on her current abysmal reading level. As usual, she didn’t read the passage before the study. She berates herself for her inadequacy, for not reading the passage beforehand. Asha always does, she says mockingly under her breath, suddenly wanting to lash out at this woman who’d brought her here.
Malevolence slits its eyes, puffs itself up, pushes through the box walls, and rocks her with anger and bitterness and resentment. She fights to push it away, not to let it into her own self, to prevent it from speaking out in tones of fury. Her lips clamp against the urge to bark hostility. The pressure builds; suddenly she gives way as the bleakness of her situation overwhelms her. Her lips part.
“I want to see.” The powerful voice of the one leading the group today, reading from the Bible, breaks through her self-absorption. Her lips close over her unsaid words. Instead she replays “I want to see” in her head, feeling them resonate with her own desire. The malevolence is back in its box; the fierce feelings are gone.
She returns home wrung out, those words continuing to resonate in her mind.
You will.

It’s another television afternoon and evening. Another thundering paws night. Another morning of grey outside and grey in her heart.
Thursdays are her music day. Thursdays are the days she practices what she’s learnt. She had wrapped up the email course on a high. Her instructor had encouraged her to keep writing her songs and to try and get them published. She isn’t ready yet for public consumption and playing continues to be so difficult that she no longer tries. But always, on this day, she writes.
The blank lined page stares at her, and her blank mind refuses to divulge.
Just write.
Her pen remains frozen, poised above the page.
Just write.
She cannot.
Of course, you can’t. It’s too much to expect. Go rest. You deserve it.
She rests.
She rests all that day, she doesn’t sleep all that night, she lies on the couch with Smokey all Friday, feeling like a Mack truck has hit her, feeling like a hangover, feeling that it’s useless to try. Depression pins her to the couch. The phone remains silent, the computer remains off, not even mail comes to her door. The air barely moves with no wind outside to penetrate the cracks in the house, yet in those moments when she turns the television off to try and sleep, she can hear the atoms moving, hissing on paths from nowhere to nowhere. She turns on Thousand Foot Krutch to blow those atoms away, playing the raucously melodic Bring Me to Life over and over.
Friday night she sleeps not at all. She stares at the streetlight-lit ceiling. She hears Smokey thumping up and down the stairs, yowling at ghosts. The air moves across her face like wisps of smoke. Her feet heat up until the skin burns and dries. She doesn’t move. She barely blinks.
The glow off the ceiling brightens above her open eyes. Smokey pads down the stairs heavily, jumps to the floor with a thump, and then it’s quiet.
So quiet.
A car engine roars to life. And after a minute, whines off into the distance.
So quiet.
A front door slams; a dog barks once.
So quiet.
Her bedroom remains shrouded in shadows that seep into her soul; the dresser sitting there ominous presses her body down; the ends of the white plastic-coated wire shelves at the wall facing the head of her bed are the only distinguishable presence as the morning sun pushes its way through the shutter gaps to light them up. The ceiling above her eyes grows brighter. But the gloom of the rest of the room, the gloom inside her, oppress her. Her mind stirs into thought. There is no future — only never-ending battles between herself and Akaesman.
Srukar.
She furrows her brow. Srukar. Yes, she remembers. But what has it done for her? Not much. Oh yes, it gave her spiritual power, it gave her the stillness to hear that good voice, the one that helps her function when her mind refuses to think, to work, to even know enough to go get breakfast. And yes, strange coincidences have happened, like finding Spenta suddenly and getting a person on the phone instead of the usual voice mail and not having to wait months like people normally do for an assessment. Or that vision of a golden future her mentor back in the convent had for her. It seems so long ago that day. She tries to calculate the years in her head. But her brain refuses to compute. Forget it. Why bother? Look at how far you’ve come, she can hear Orit saying to her, something she says fairly regularly during their sessions.
Don’t give up now after all the hard work you’ve done.
She supposes she has come far, worked hard, but contemplating how far she has yet to go … it’s too dreary. Why is she thinking of the future though? She knows the future for her doesn’t exist. Ever since that day, she has learnt to live in the moment, to forget thinking forward. What is it that Jesus said? Something about don’t worry about tomorrow, for today has enough troubles of its own? That’s so true. The day hasn’t even begun, and already it oppresses her. She wants to sleep in on Saturdays, but Grandmother’s new homemaker for her comes only on this day now. No other day is possible; she has no choice. She has to accept this necessary imposition, whether or not she wants it, whether or not she had asked for it, whether or not it works for her. She has to accept.
A spurt of righteous anger erupts. Why? Why does she have to accept? She pushes the mourning back. She has to submit, for this is what was given to her, this is her present, this is necessary for now. But. She. Does. Not. Have. To. Accept. Her core muscles contract, and she sits up fast, the covers falling from her. The gloom recedes into the corners, and she hears Smokey padding up the stairs and then gently pawing the door till it bounces in its frame.

~~~*~~~


chapter twenty-eight
FORTY DAYS AND FORTY NIGHTS
EVER SINCE SHE had pushed back against Akaesman’s revival several weeks ago, she has been improving faster and faster. Dr. Luce has brought forward her final assessment date because she was so impressed with her spurt of progress. It’s the day after the full moon — she smiles to herself as she realizes that some parts of her have not changed, like keeping track of moon phases and solstices — and she’s nervous as she waits for the elevator in the empty atrium. Ding. The doors open; she walks in. As on that far-gone first day, she exits alone and turns left, except this time she’s wearing a coat and hat against the sudden influx of cold November air. She walks down the long corridor, the door at the end growing in her sight. She reaches out, turns the knob, and pushes the door open.
“Hello,” chirps a new yellow-haired receptionist sitting at the desk directly across from her, a blood-red poppy pinned to her chest. The girl’s hair — for she looks still in her teens — goes with the butter-yellow walls, the muted grey carpet, the grey fabric-covered waiting room chairs.
“Hi, I have an appointment for nine,” she says as she looks down at the receptionist looking back up at her. She notices the tear-off calendar on the desk with Thursday, November 10 staring at her.
“Yes, I have you down here. We’re all eagerly expecting you. I’ve heard all about your wonderful progress.” She lowers her voice to a whisper, “I even hear Dr. Luce is thinking of making you a case study. No one has ever been able to resist Akaesman before like you did so many years after an invasion. You’re so inspiring.”
“Oh. Well, thanks,” she replies awkwardly. She hangs her coat and hat on the rack to the right of the door and walks past it to one of the waiting room chairs. She’s long stopped reading while waiting and hasn’t tried it again, although Orit says her reading has improved enough to try. But it’s been too long since she last read outside of her home, too many disappointments along the way. She’d rather sit and wait than be disappointed again. Besides, there’s Dr. Luce looking at her from the door to the left of the reception desk. She stands up, puts her purse strap over her shoulder, and follows Dr. Luce through the door and immediately right into her office. Dr. Luce closes the door behind her.
“So how are you doing?”
“I’m doing well.”
“That’s good. We’re so proud of you and what you’ve accomplished. We’re looking forward to seeing how you do on the tests. You know the drill by now.”
“Yup!” She’s been through reassessment thrice since that day she first walked through Spenta’s doors. Illuminated therapy takes longer to work on those with Akaesman syndrome than on those with other conditions, but it works. She almost bounces on her toes as she takes the few steps over to the old computer to the left of the door. She sits in front of it, facing the wall, her back to the office windows.
“You ready?” Dr. Luce asks her.
“Yes I am,” she answers, placing the headphones over her head. She watches Dr. Luce leave, clicking the door closed behind her, and then she turns to face the computer, the computer with its visual and auditory 1s and 2s, daring her to focus for a full fifteen minutes during its excruciatingly boring test. She does. She knows as surely as she knew the first time that she’s aced it. But this time, there is no doubt she is right, no doubt about the veracity of her diagnosis, the truth of what had happened to her. She feels differently, thinks differently, she probably even sits differently.
“You all done?” Dr. Luce asks.
She jumps as she’s removing her headphones. She hadn’t heard her come in.
“Yup.”
“It’s a boring test I’m afraid, but it works.”
“That it does. I’m anxious to see the results.”
Dr. Luce smiles and asks her to follow her to the second computer waiting in the room next door, facing the same direction as the computer she was just at. She sits down in the comfortable ergonomic chair and follows Dr. Luce’s movements with her eyes and her senses. Dr. Luce picks up a tube, spreads some white gritty goop on her fingers, and proceeds to scrub her earlobes with the gritty goop until they burn with cleanliness. Dr. Luce takes out a flexible, thin measuring tape from the drawer to her right and pulls it taut over her head first from ear to ear and then from forehead to neck. She parts her hair in the precise centre of the top, squeezes out more goop on a cotton swab, and scrubs the area. Dr. Luce then opens the drawer on her left. She wonders how Dr. Luce knows which of the tangled plethora of wires and electrodes to extract and which ones are not needed.
Dr. Luce removes and places on the desk in front of her the wire that branches into three wires with three electrodes on their ends. She opens a jar of clearish-white paste and, with a little palette knife, scoops some out. She scrapes some on both sides of the bifold electrode and clips it on her right ear; repeats for the left; and repeats with a single electrode for the top of her head. She hates that one because Dr. Luce has to press it down hard to ensure the EEG paste makes a good connection.
She starts up the program that checks the strength of the connections. Green. Thank goodness. But Dr. Luce, unlike the trainers she had before Orit, never fails in acquiring good connections the first time, probably because she isn’t afraid to scrub her earlobes thoroughly and with her fingers.
“Now then, we’re going to check the overall power of your brain. We’ll be able to see how much power your brain is producing, how much Akaesman has drained you versus how much you’ve taken back for yourself, and what your predominant brain wave activity is. Sit, and relax.”
She sits and relaxes. She has no need for sleep like the times before.

“Alright, we’re done this test. Adrian will come in and set you up for the next one. I’ll be back when he’s done,” Dr. Luce informs her as she removes the electrodes.
She nods and swivels her chair to the right to look out at the overstuffed clouds blowing across the sky.
“Hi. I’m here to hook you up.”
She swivels back round at the sound of Adrian’s voice.
“Hi. Have you done this before? The others usually have trouble getting good connections with that cap thingy.”
“I have indeed. We had a visiting doctor in here a couple of months ago, showing us a new technique that sped up the process considerably. My record is eight minutes.”
“Bet you can’t beat that today,” she teases him.
He laughs and grabs a red cap filled with holes with grommets round them.
“I’ll need you to hold onto the front of the cap while I pull it down in back.” She dutifully follows his instructions and holds on until he tells her to let go. He checks its tightness — very tight — and reaches for a jar of goop next to the other jars. He fills a large syringe with it. He places the syringe down on the desk, tip up, reaches past her right shoulder for the mouse, and double clicks on an icon. A program loads showing a representation of the top of the human head covered in points with symbols attached. He releases the mouse and picks up the syringe. He methodically and quickly pushes goop into each of the holes. It feels cold on her scalp and then a bit scratchy as he manipulates the gel with the syringe tip or something else until the point he’s working on changes from red to amber to green on the monitor. She takes a surreptitious look at her watch.
“Am I running to my record?”
“I believe so,” she answers surprised.
“Told ya I could do it.”
She laughs.
Once the whole head on the screen is lit up green, he puts the syringe away, closes the jar, and closes the program. He double clicks on another icon. And while that program is loading, he pulls the drawer on her left open, fishes out all the wires, and wraps her in their sensors. One around her first and third fingers on her right hand, one clipped on the first finger of her left hand, one around her stomach. He connects them all, along with the wires writhing out of the cap, into a box attached to the computer.
“I’ll go get Dr. Luce for you. She won’t be a minute.”
“Thanks.” She hopes it won’t be too long. It’s very uncomfortable with her head squeezed into this cap and her fingers clamped.
“Alright, are we ready to begin?”
“Yup.”
“Good. So the tests will be as before. First just relax, lean your head back against the chair. That’s it. Now relax your jaw. No, let it drop. Relax. That’s it. And keep your eyes open. We’ll take readings for two minutes.” She’s quiet for a bit. “Don’t move,” she says sternly.
She quiets herself and watches the stacked lines of brain waves scroll across the screen — some lines have big waves, some have small, some almost none. She tries not to think about what that means, for thinking means worry, which means clamping her jaw. It doesn’t feel very relaxed hanging open though, enforced like this. She tries to ignore it as she settles into a deep breathing pattern, and soon she doesn’t notice her jaw.
“That’s great. Now we’ll repeat that with eyes closed. Good, good. You’re doing very well.”
The room becomes quiet; only the hum of the computer fan filling the air with sound.
“Alright, we’re done with those. Now I want to do a math test. I’m going to give you a number and then another number. I want you to add those up in your head and tell me the total. I will then give you another number, and you will add the total to the answer you gave me, and so on. For example, I will say one plus two, and you will say three. I will then say four. You will add three plus four and answer me seven. I will say ten, and you will say?”
“Seventeen.”
“Good. Let’s begin. One plus two?”
“Three.”
“Four.”
“Seven.”
“Ten.”
“Seventeen.”
“Twelve.”
“Twenty-nine,” she answers, her eyes on Dr. Luce’s face so that she doesn’t mistake what she’s saying. They continue like that, her answers becoming slower and slower as the numbers start disappearing and reappearing in her head like the Cheshire cat. She knows this is easy for her; she loves numbers. But they don’t like to stay put until she can add them up.
“That’s great. You know you do better than my accountant clients,” Dr. Luce smiles.
“Really? But they work with numbers all the time.”
“Yes, but they use calculators. They don’t have to do it in their head.”
“Oh. Well, I like numbers. They’re like notes that sing to me. They left for a while, but when they came back, they really helped me with my memory and music and getting stuff done.”
“Yes, I can see you like numbers. You see here,” she points to the screen. “This shows you relaxed a lot. Okay. Now we’re going to do the Stroop test. I’m afraid you won’t be so relaxed with this one. You’ll see five words appear on the screen. I want you to say the colour of the word, not the word itself. Try to read all the word colours before the computer flashes to the next set of words. Alright?”
“Yes-s-s. I remember this one,” she says not eagerly.
She struggles through it, unable to keep up with the computer as it flashes screen after screen of colour names in different colours. At last, it’s over.
“Alright. You did pretty well. We’ll work on reading now. I want you to read this text,” she says as she places an open book clipped to a stand in front of her. “Relax your jaw, rest your head, can you see the text? Good. Alright, are you ready? Yes? Let’s begin. Two minutes.”
She reads about squirrels and their forgetfulness when hiding nuts.
“Good. You’re doing well. We’re finished this test. There’s just one more I want to do with you today. I haven’t done this one before, for there’s a practice effect, and I know you’ve probably had it done on the orders of the Shadow Court. It’s an IQ test. Akaesman, by slowing the brain, making your vocabulary inaccessible, affecting your reading and verbal skills, and that sort of thing, can drop your IQ by several points. Our software here will measure IQ, but it’s not that accurate. It’s mostly good for seeing whether you’re improving over time and with therapy. Unfortunately, we don’t have an initial reading. But your lawyer sent me your file, and I’ve seen what other psychologists have found. I’m not sure their tests are completely reliable though, especially given their conclusions and their inadequate credentials. I wrote your lawyer that their conclusions are totally contrary to test results and why their reasoning is faulty. Anyway, I’ll send Adrian in to get you cleaned up, and then come back into my office, and we’ll do the IQ test.”
“Okay.” She really wants a drink. She’s feeling run down and dry. Adrian gets her a can of ginger ale, which she sucks on as he removes the wires and cap. When she’s done and he’s done, she goes into Dr. Luce’s office, sits at the table in the centre of the room across from her, and spends the next while answering language and math questions, solving puzzles, being timed, and being given what seem like awfully short time limits, unlike that vocational place. She’s kaput when done and cannot wait to get home. She’d planned on stopping at a favourite café, but that seems like too much work. Maybe she’ll pick up a sandwich from that place at the end of her street on the way by.
“Alright,” Dr. Luce interrupts her thoughts. “We’re all done here. I’ll see you tomorrow for the test results at one o’clock.”

She’s back at 1:00 p.m., right on time, the subway deciding not to hang out in Eglinton for once.
Adrian, Orit, and a couple of her first trainers come out to say hello, to congratulate her on doing so well, on achieving such remarkable results. Her head is spinning by the time Dr. Luce calls her in.
Sitting across the desk from this kind doctor, her stomach fluttering, she’s a bit nostalgic, thinking how this will be the last time she’ll be here.
“We are so proud of you. I can’t tell you how proud we are of you. The test results have exceeded our expectations, and our expectations were high. You have done so much better on the boring test than last time.” She hands her the report, stretching a finger to point to the key numbers. “We’d expected some improvement of course, but not this much. You show stamina, persistence, and focus both visually and auditorally much higher than before. This is amazing. We’re all blown away by what you’ve done here. Now this one,” she picks up another report. “This one shows you’ve increased the power of your brain tremendously, and you’ve shifted your brain wave patterns from predominantly theta and delta to beta, and we’re seeing that your overall alpha wave has increased in frequency too. This is amazing and so important for your recovery and return to being a songwriter. I know how important that is to you and how much of a motivation it was for you to keep going. If we’d tried to force you into another job, you’d never have shown such improvement. Having a dream is what gets people going, even when, as in your case, Akaesman deletes the basic motivation that drives people to get up and do things. Your dream became your motivation.” She hands her that report and picks up another. “Now this one shows us many things,” and she explains how her brain wave patterns have changed on different points of her brain, representing different sections of her brain, how her coherence patterns have almost normalized, how problematic areas have been revived.
“I have the final reports from your trainer and spiritual mentor. Your trainer is still concerned about your heart and lung function, but he feels that you are wise in how you manage it. And once Akaesman leaves you, things will return to normal. He feels that you need to stay on the medications you’ve been given until that time, keep to fifteen minutes of weights and two minutes of aerobic exercise three times a week, and not forget your nightly meditation sessions. He’s liking your weekly yoga session and reminds you not to overstretch and to stick to the fifteen minutes. If you need a refresher on the meditation part, he’ll be happy to see you again. Just call him.”
Dr. Luce folds her hands on top of the desk and pauses.
“Now your spiritual mentor believes you’ve made great progress but is concerned you don’t fully understand what comes next. She’s asked me to explain it to you.” She looks down at her hands for a moment. Drawing in air, she explains, “The next step only you can do on your own. We’ve worked together with you to strengthen you, to help you distinguish between yourself and Akaesman, to push back the damage that he’s done, to return to you your self-confidence, to help you unpack those boxes your TARC person told you needed unpacking. Akaesman will leave you eventually, but it’s better that you create a situation where he has no choice but to leave and to do so before he’s sucked you dry and made permanent, irreversible damage. People who cannot eject him are always lesser versions of what they were, and the newest research is starting to show that, in fact, the worst kind of traits, whether or not they had them before, come to the fore, traits like anger, manipulation, easy facility to lie, avoidance of personal problems, assigning blame to others, ruthlessness, charm, and some unethical behaviour. After all the hard work you’ve done, we don’t want to see that happen to you.
“So the next step is yours. You’ve already shown yourself able to resist him. Now you must wait until the time is right. We’re not sure what the right time is, but you will know. And when it happens you must be ready. Waiting does not mean doing nothing. Waiting is doing what we’ve taught you, practicing to keep on improving, meditating, pondering the passages your mentor has given you, resisting any of the thoughts Akaesman throws your way. You can resist now because you know which are his thoughts and which are yours. But if you do not resist his thoughts, that distinction will start to blur in your mind. You will have a harder and harder time knowing which are his, which are yours until the two become blurred and you accept his as yours. At that point, you’ll be back to where you started. Understand?”
She nods vigorously, a bit afraid.
“I know this is hard, especially as you will be alone for this final part. But like in birth and death, you can only go through it on your own. You can only achieve what we call “savakerti” on your own, that is, salvation and renewal. You know we will be with you in spirit and thought. Draw strength from all that you’ve learnt here and from yourself. You will succeed. We have faith in you,” Dr. Luce ends, looking directly into her eyes.
“Thank you,” she says softly. She clears her throat and says louder, “Thank you. I understand.”
Dr. Luce nods, “Good. I knew you would. Remember I am here always if you need to call. I’d love to hear how you get on, alright?”
“Alright. I’ll call you as soon as I have news. Thank you so much. Thank you again for all you’ve done. I am so grateful,” she burbles as they stand up. They shake hands, and then she’s walking out the office door, out Spenta’s main door, back down the long corridor to the elevators for the last time.
That night, she lies in bed, staring at the ceiling, her heart burning within her, and speaks: “The day is now nearly over. Please don’t leave me alone. Please don’t reject me. Why are you so far from helping me, from my words of groaning? I loathe my life. Yet you have helped one who has no power and given much good advice! Please help me eject him once and for all. I don’t want to be like this anymore. I want to write songs; I want to have a purpose; I want … I want … I need to have a reason. Please,” she ends on a whisper.
Wait.
How long must I wait?
Wait.
How long?
Forty days and forty nights.

~~~*~~~


chapter twenty-nine
THE FIRST GREAT ACT
SOMETHING IS WITH her, in her, outside her. She’s lying on her side underneath her bed covers. She opens her eyes to see her alarm clock glowing numbers through the dark: midnight. Hidden violin strings sing softly the opening bars of Mozart’s Requiem Mass in D Minor from somewhere, she knows not where. The music pauses. And then voices in chorus vibrate the air all around her, vibrate her. Her hackles rise. Something is here, something menacing, threatening. Slowly she turns onto her back and peeks over the covers. And freezes. Leering back at her from behind the foot of the bed is him. His eyes, obsidian onyx eyes, penetrate the air between them. His head floats around him like murky fog. Then stills. He waits. Like a hunter freezes as he catches sight of the trophy deer, he waits. He waits for her. Terror grips her; her whole body tenses, and her eyes widen unable to stop staring into those eyes. She desperately wants to turn away and dive under the covers.
Suddenly she’s at the foot of the bed, and he’s in her place. She’s peeking up at him from over the foot, and he’s lurking in her place, waiting to catch her, enter her once again. How did he get out? How did he get there?
He smiles wolfishly, his sharp teeth glint like steel daggers pointing down, his breath like sweet sulphur poisons the air.
Her heart thumps against her ribs. The pressure it creates whooshes in her ears, drowning out her thoughts, making her feel like she can’t fully sense him.
He waits, his outer edges wafting lazily, little bits of him floating off like smoke in a breeze. He rises gently, revealing more of himself. His centre is impenetrable, silky, black. She cannot move; only her eyes follow his movements. She cannot breathe; her lips part to suck in more air. The only sound as the two stare and the two wait is her short, panting breaths.
Suddenly she’s livid. She’s had enough, enough of him controlling her life, enough of him souring things for her, enough of him changing her destiny, making her afraid, making her weak, losing her friends, losing her dream, keeping her stuck for forty days, neither moving back into zombie mode nor forward into whatever her future may be. She’s spent forty days meditating and practicing yoga, exercising physically and exercising mentally, reading and writing, listening to songs of cheer and singing songs of joy. She’s spent forty days since that last meeting with Dr. Luce speaking to Artashavanti and then, gathering her courage and her faith, speaking to God. She has lost all sense of purpose, all sense of who she’s meant to be. She has stilled her impatience and gathered her patience to face what, she didn’t know yet feared. She has yearned to write songs, the music struggling to get out, but nothing has happened. If her desire is God’s desire for her, then why has her desire remained so unfulfilled, so dormant, so out of reach she might as well quit? All these things she has thought during these seemingly endless days that have ended now. And she’s livid.
It’s his fault. It’s Akaesman’s fault that her desire, her dream remains so far away. It’s his fault that she has no sense of her purpose, no idea of why she’s here. It’s his fault that she has lost seven years of her life. And. He. Will. No. Longer. Have. A. Say.
She springs up and launches herself across the bed, marvelling yet hardly thinking about how it is she can fly, gravity releasing her so easily from its hold. He bobs up startled. His dagger teeth disappear; his eyes sink into sloe slits. He lunges at her, and they connect over the head of her bed. He’s cold, burning her skin with frost. She doesn’t let go. She bares her teeth at him, “How dare you? How dare you enter my life? How dare you enter me? You will go. Now.” She growls, “I will not have you in my life any longer.”
She pushes him. But he’s strong, and he’s determined. He isn’t the weak spirit that originally invaded her. He’s mined rich veins of energy from her, which he uses against her. His form morphs. He’s molasses-thick squid ink, flowing as freely as fresh ink yet as obscure as the deep grave he secrets underneath him. He wraps himself around her, oozing out sooty hands to sink into her flesh, oozing out one wide flap-like arm to wind around her legs.
But she doesn’t let go. He tries to shrink himself out from under her hands. She holds on. The grievous notes of Mozart’s Requiem build again around her, in her. She grits her teeth to give her strength to push harder and keeps them bared at him, staring right down into his hideous soul. “You will leave,” she enunciates each word clearly. “You will not stay in my life. You will have nothing more to do with me, my life, my home, my cat, my friends. I will not ever see you, smell you, hear you, sense you, or even taste you ever again.” She thrusts at him. “Go!”
He screeches nails-on-chalkboard screams right into her eardrums. She does not let go. He whirls her around, sinks her down into the crack between the mattress and the head board, and smothers her. She clings on. He turns her upside down so that she’s facing up, helpless, but she ascends up, forcing him into the ceiling. He roars and fills himself with air, expanding, expanding till the pent-up pressure gives him power to crush her underneath. But she cannot be crushed. She’s unyielding gentleness, and he simply floats into her but does not become a part of her. He roars his frustration, intensifying his sweet sulphur smell, growing almost to fill the entire room.
Suddenly he’s underneath her. Suddenly he’s small, and she’s above him. “You will go. You will go now,” she says implacably. Gathering power, gathering force, she releases air and voice into his face: “You will go. You will go now. You will never come back. You will never return.”
Her eyes startle open. She’s lying on her side, facing the shuttered window, and he’s standing there. Immortal shadow, malevolent visitant, he looms over her as she lies helpless under the covers. She sits up, flinging off her sheets and blanket.
“Go!” she bellows, raising her arm sharply, her finger a dagger pointing at him, through him, into infinity. “Go now! Do not come back. Do not ever come back! With Artashavanti standing with me, I vanquish you from my life forever. With the hamkar of Srukar, I do not hear you anymore. You. Are. Irrelevant.”
Neon green wind hits the window, lights up the room from outside with a sickly hue, exerting a magnetic force upon him. He streams out the window through the green glowing gaps between the shutter laths, first his back, then his bottom, then what goes for his arms, and finally his angry head, the one that’s swallowed up his eyes and his teeth into coal-black shadow, as the Requiem choir resounds the final Amen to his dying shrieks.
The room is still. The air is still. She listens hard. She searches the room with her eyes, even the deepest corners, for signs of him and that sick light. She stretches her senses out, sniffing for his presence. Nothing. It’s so tranquil. Can he be gone, really gone? It’s hard to believe.
And then beams, like streams of dawning sunlight, penetrate the shutters. They stretch to the walls, even into their cracks, illuminating them, showing her there is nothing there, no shadow, no presence, no Akaesman. He is gone.
The beams coalesce into Artashavanti. She stands there before her, her hair molten silvery-gold, her garment flowing around her, glimmering with starlight. Her arms lift up toward her, encased in sleeves of radiating silver-gold mesh, peace flowing through them, down her fingers, and slowly rising like mist in the morning toward her. She opens her moonlit eyes and looks directly into her own.
You have persisted in your integrity. And you are renewed.
And then she bows low, stars sprinkling from her like snowflakes drifting down, sparkling on the oak floor as she retreats from the room before a coalescing vision of authority and humility, of might and empathy, of strength and weakness. The vision reveals itself and says,
Zarine.
She catches tears in her throat.
Woman of east and west, north and south, persecuted and afflicted, you bloomed anew, and you are loved.
Infinite gold, infinite light, light so bright that it blinds her with its beauty, radiates toward her, around her, enfolding her with unconditional love. It hurts so much.
Tears of stress spring forth.
She sobs into this amazing love, and the love grows, if that is possible. Forgiving love, she feels; yet no, it’s unconditional love, love so great that there is nothing to forgive, nothing to give mercy for. It’s love simply for who she is, who she was, who she will be. Nothing she can think, say, or do will separate her from that love. Great wells of grief erupt from her to be mopped up by that love.
Slowly, slowly, her shoulders stop heaving, her body unbows, her face unclenches, her eyes emerge from their floods. She looks up and sees this glorious vision that looks back at her, gently smiling. She smiles back. And then the vision phases out of her sight, still with her.
The room is quiet. Her smile remains. She looks at the clock. It’s 5:30 a.m., and she knows, without having to ask herself first as is her wont, that it’s a Thursday. And not any Thursday either, it’s the Winter Solstice. It is only three days till Christmas Eve. She hears a string of dump trucks rumble slowly up her road past her home. The rotating amber light of the trailing snowplow flashes into her room, the plow’s blade thundering against the road as it clears it at 10 kilometres per hour. It must’ve snowed. Fresh snow. White Christmas. She smiles at the thought. She lies back down, and the soft pillows give under her head. She pulls the covers up, enjoys their warmth, their promise of deep sleep, and knows at last that she is safe, that she is free.

~~~*~~~


chapter thirty
RESTORATION
THE HUSH SURROUNDING her tickles her eyelids open. Slowly Zarine lets the light into her eyes and looks around at the mote-filled air, savouring the quiet as she had done only short hours ago. Morning sun breaks through the slits in the shutters and sneaks in under her bedroom door. She sits up, throws back her covers, and swings around. She plants her feet on the floor and looks down at them as she feels the cold hardness of the old wood underneath their soles. It feels so new, so different. No pain. She stands up, using her abdominal muscles, not her arms, using her quadriceps to balance her upright. She feels strong. She walks around her bed, testing these new legs, toward the door. With her hand on the knob, she looks back at her bed with its rumpled covers and wonders: why does she get up at the far side of the bed? Why not the near side, closest to the door? And then she realizes that when she pushes back the covers, she faces the window. She may not always be able to see the day breaking outside, but she knows it is right there in front of her. She turns the knob, pulls open the door, and sees Smokey waiting for her patiently for once. She leans down to stroke her cat and then takes the few steps across the upper hall to the bathroom.
Light shafts in through the uncovered window, lighting the floor, revealing the texture of the semi-gloss paint on the walls. The colour blue fills the air as the sun reflects the Wedgwood blue wall colour onto the white ceramics of the sink, toilet, and tub. She pauses in mid-step to gaze upon this familiar room that looks new to her eyes, as if she hasn’t been here in seven years. Her bladder yells. She moves into her morning routine, her muscles knowing what to do. But her mind considers all, her eyes roving the room, finally landing on themselves in the mirror as she washes her hands under running cold water. They are no longer cloudy brown or matte brown or black coffee brown but burnished brown alive with coruscating specks of gold. They mesmerize her. Are those her eyes?
Her hands scream their coldness. Quickly, she turns off the tap and shakes the water off them. She grabs the flattened towel on its hook to the right of the sink and dries her hands the best she can.
Zarine hurries past the patient cat back into her bedroom, pulls open the top dresser drawer, noticing how small the grab handles are in her hands. She pulls out the first underwear and sweat socks she lays her hands on. She grabs her jeans at the top of the pile on the open shelves next to the closet, then her favourite “Chocolate is My Pain Reliever” T-shirt, tosses them all on the bed, hauls off her pyjamas, puts on her clean underwear and socks, reaches her arms up into her T-shirt, struggling with the sleeves in her haste, pushes her legs into her jeans as she yanks them up. Dressed and with Smokey trotting behind, she runs down the stairs, jumping the last one and swivelling toward the kitchen at the same time. Oops, newspaper first. She does a one hundred and eighty degree turn and walks fast to the front door. She unlocks the brass dead bolt, pushes down on the handle, and pulls the door open. Sun floods her face. She stands there inhaling its rays, dropping her eyelids against its strength, revelling in its heat, forgetting about the paper and that there is a cat about to dash for freedom. But after a brief sniff, Smokey turns away from the frozen outdoors, preferring the comfort of a furnace-warmed house.
Cold air blows against Zarine’s face, forcing her eyes open, ruffling the fluffy snow blanketing walk and stairs. Across the street, her neighbour is shovelling his drive, puffing clouds of steam in rhythm to his swings. A cardinal lands on a silvery branch in the candelabra tree, showering snow on her neighbour. He doesn’t notice. Just keeps shovelling. She smiles. The cardinal fluffs its feathers, hops one way then the other, stretches its neck forward. A black squirrel leaps into the tree above it, and the festive-red bird flies off in a blur. The squirrel bounds along the branch, scattering snow as it goes, twists down the tree’s mottled silver-and-brown trunk to just above the ground, dives into the snow, and leaps out, its black fur glistening in the sun, somehow repelling the white flakes. She watches it until it disappears down the street.
She steps back inside, pulls on her boots quickly, shrugs on her coat without buttoning it up, and pulls on her gloves. She steps outside, shutting the door behind her firmly. Zarine picks up her shovel that stands next to the front door and starts pushing the white, sparkling fluff onto her front garden. The snow is so pure and bright that she thinks briefly about going back in for her sunglasses. But she’s enjoying the movement too much to stop, the movement of pushing snow, filling up the shovel, and swinging it onto her garden. Pushing and swinging, pushing and swinging, she moves swiftly down her walk and stairs. She pauses on the sidewalk and realizes she’s not breathing hard. She can clear her section of sidewalk. The city will do it for her in about two days, but the December air snapping against her cheek and sinewing in through her open coat to embrace her is like the most refreshing drink in the world.
Zarine hums as she first shovels to the left of her stairs, the sun warming her cheeks and shoulders, and then to the right, leaving tapering strips of snow at the edges and some raised white patches where passing boots had stuck it onto the concrete. She doesn’t see Smokey balancing on the inside window ledge, watching her through the glass, as if with pride. When she’s done, she holds the shovel at its neck, resting it on the cleared sidewalk, and surveys her work. She breathes in the bracing air and exhales a stream of steam, watching it dissipate upwards into the blinding blue sky. She smiles and trots back to her front door, picking up the morning paper where it lies to the side of the door, shaking the featherweight snow from it. She opens her door and turns back to enjoy one more moment of this glorious day. Satiated, she continues on in and sees Smokey sitting there, watching her. Oops. She shuts her door fast, smiles at her cat, strokes her, and then, after shedding her outdoor gear, skips to the back of the house.
She tosses the paper onto the table, having barely seen the front page. That’s for when she has her breakfast in front of her. Out of habit (one picked up during the flu season that was labelled “different” by the media) she uses her elbow to turn on the kitchen tap. She lathers up her hands, rinses them, and brushes first the front of them then the back against the towel hanging on the wall. She bends down to reach for Smokey’s dry food out of a lower cupboard and pours it into the food bowl. Smokey starts to eat while she’s still pouring out the dry kibble. She picks up her cat’s water bowl, cleans it out, fills it with fresh water, puts it down next to the food bowl, and watches Smokey for a while, enjoying the sight of her cat hunkered over her bowl, crunching her kibble. The cat food’s carnivorous odour reaches her nose. Her stomach rumbles.
Now for her breakfast. She opens the kitchen cupboard door, and the plain white china sitting there, waiting for her, softly glows its man-made nature at her. It’s like she’s seeing the white plates and bowls for the first time since she bought them, just before Akaesman entered her life. With a clatter, she takes the top bowl off its pile and puts it on the counter. She opens a drawer, reaches her hand in to where the spoons sit unaware, rubbing them together as she grabs one of the good ones, one of the ones not bent out of shape or with sharpened edges from age. Another cupboard door she opens and reaches in for the cereal box. She pours the cereal into the bowl, trying to hurry, both her mind and stomach saying faster faster as the scent of wheat is released when cereal hits bowl. She pivots on one foot, reaches long, hauls open the fridge, and plucks the skim milk out of the fridge. She pops open the carton and inhales its sweet scent before pouring its bluish whiteness into the bowl until bits of cereal float up. Suddenly there’s too much milk in there. She moves her hand upright, squeezes the carton flaps closed, and sticks it back in the fridge, slamming the door shut.
She opens the first cupboard door again, reaching higher to the second shelf for a mug. She fills it with water at the sink. And carrying both brimming mug and sloshing bowl, she walks to the table where her paper waits and sits down. She inhales deeply and sighs it out.
She scoops up some cereal as she looks over at the front page. She eats as she reads. She separates the main section from the inside sections so that she can flip it open and continue reading the top-of-fold front page article. The cereal disappears in her bowl; the water level drops in her mug. The paper rustles as quiet reigns in the sunny room. The rustle grows louder as she flips a page. The cereal is gone; the mug is empty. The paper rustles again. Quiet surrounds her. She picks up the inside sections as a group as she moves the bowl and mug away from her. She flips through them until she sees the Life section. She pulls it out, leans back in her chair, and starts reading it from the first page to the last non-stop. Suddenly, she puts it down and looks at what she’s done.
She’s read the entire section; she’s read the main section too. She’s strong, energetic, ready for more. Eagerly, she reaches for the section focusing on the Greater Toronto Area and reads it from first page to last page, even the obituaries, just because she can. She still feels good, still crackles with energy. Her head does not hurt; her body does not hurt. And she doesn’t need chocolate or coffee. Speaking of which, she runs her tongue over her teeth and wants to clean them. And so she does, for suddenly brushing is not a painful, tiring chore.
Coming back down the stairs, she hears a knock at the door. Puzzled, she opens it without her usual checking through the window beside it. Nance is standing there or, rather, hiding behind an enormous paper-wrapped bouquet.
“These are for you,” says Nance as she offers them to her. Zarine takes them speechlessly. “Please open them,” Nance says.
She pulls the tape off the flap, lifts the flap up, and looks in at a dozen, bold white roses looking back up at her. She lifts her head and regards Nance. These are the roses of peace. Why is Nance offering them to her?
“Can I come in?”
Zarine steps back and to the side, letting the door swing wider. Nance steps in, and she closes the door behind her against the cold outside. But Zarine makes no move to invite her further in, says nothing either. Nance clears her throat, shifts from one foot to the other, pulls at her jacket zipper, looks down, expands her lungs, and speaks.
“You see it was like this, after I left you, no, after you left me, well, whatever, after we parted, I was really mad. I thought you were wrong, that you were malingering, that you just wanted to be sick and have all this attention because you didn’t want to work and wanted to live off of other people.” She takes a deep breath and peeking up at her, continues, “I was so mad at you, I told everyone I met, all my friends, even my estranged brother, how mean you were to me, how you needed to change, and how you’d been pulling me down, how every time we talked, you went on and on about yourself and never gave me a chance to talk about myself. I mean you had to change, you were so selfish. Everybody knew you hadn’t been invaded, you hadn’t gotten this Akaesman syndrome, whatever that was. You were smart, there was nothing wrong with your speech, you could do all these things. ‘What was the problem?’ they asked me. I told them you were depressed and you needed to change because you were getting nowhere. I ignored all the work you did because I didn’t want to see it. But then someone, I forget who, asked me what you did all day. I said watch TV because you were so lazy. They looked skeptical and asked me if you didn’t see somebody. And I said how you were going to this therapist and that therapist, not real shrinks. So this person asks me what these therapists do. I didn’t know, and I didn’t care. I wanted to talk about how you were not going anywhere and using this syndrome as an excuse. But this person wouldn’t stop with the questions. They wanted to know more about the excuse and what you were using it for. ‘Not for anything,’ I said, ‘just to laze,’ I said. But they wouldn’t be put off by my flippant, angry reply. They wanted to know what those therapists were doing, and they asked how you were able to pull the wool over their eyes. They kept asking and asking. And the more they asked about what they, the therapists, did and what you really did during the day and how you knew stuff about me if you never let me speak, the angrier I got because I didn’t want to hear the truth.”
Zarine’s stomach contracts in response to what Nance is saying, as all that old pain comes blazing back. She says nothing as Nance pauses.
“I was complaining to a group of friends, not Charlie and Belinda, one day about you and how this person wouldn’t stop badgering me with these questions. And they were all silent. I looked at them, and finally one said maybe that person had a point. I stormed out of there. When we were still friends, everyone was on my side about how you were pulling me down and needed to change and needed to move on with your life. But after we parted, they weren’t so sympathetic, maybe because you were out of the picture but I was still complaining about you. I don’t know. It took me a long time. But one day I went to my Minister and talked to him. He told me to read Matthew 5:21 and 5:23 about reconciling. I was angry with him because I thought it was you who should reconcile with me, and I didn’t see how 5:21 had anything to do with me, with my behaviour.”
Zarine searches her memory for that verse and into her mind comes: “Anyone who is angry with his brother will be subject to judgement.” Interesting.
Nance’s voices interrupts her reverie, “That was last year. I didn’t speak to him for months afterwards because reading those passages made me so angry. What did they have to do with me? It was insulting. But again and again I could hear his voice in my head urging me to read them. One day, one of the Bible passages read at the front of the church was from Job. It was one of the friends speaking, I forget which one, to Job. It was like hearing my own voice the last time we spoke. I thought no wonder you didn’t want to know me anymore. I said I liked you and wanted to be your friend, but everything I was doing, everything I was saying to you was the exact opposite. I started to cry so hard, the Minister had to give the service over to his assistant so he could take me to his office to comfort me. We spoke a lot after that about that passage in Job, about the passages he’d asked me to read, and I knew I couldn’t go to communion anymore until I came to see you though he said it was alright. I was really afraid you would turn me away at the door, that’s why I asked you to open the flowers first, so you’d know I come in peace.
“I’m so sorry, so very sorry about the way I treated you. You were in such great need, it was selfish of me to ask you to listen to me. It was mean of me not to cheer your successes. They seemed so small, but after everything you’d gone through, they were a big deal to you, and I was so wrong not to see that. It was no wonder you were hurt. I can’t believe I did that to you. But I wanted you back, the old you, not the one that talked about this Akaesman. That’s not an excuse, I know, but I missed you. And I took it out on you, and I expected you to pay attention to my adjustment issues when you were the one in real trouble. You were the one grieving, and I didn’t see that or want to see that. I don’t know what I was thinking. Maybe I was thinking if I told you to change enough or said you were depressed enough or said that there was no change from the old you, you’d stop talking about your problem, and we could go back to pretending nothing had happened so I wouldn’t have to deal with my own grief. I really, really missed you. And I am really, really sorry that I didn’t support you when you needed me, that I put a time limit on my compassion, and that I gossiped about you instead of helping you in the ways you asked for. It was wrong, and I’m so so sorry.”
Nance takes out a crumpled Kleenex from her jacket pocket, wipes her eyes, sniffs, and glances hesitantly at her. “I missed you even more once you were really gone. Yeah, the person I met when we were still kids was gone, but you were still there. I could’ve focused on that and enjoyed what I could. I could’ve helped you in the way you needed, not the way convenient to me or what I wanted for kudos, and I could’ve felt good about doing that. But I didn’t. And I’m really, really, really sorry. I want to be friends again, but I know I have to earn your trust. I know that this time I’ll have to do all the initiating because I can’t expect you to treat me as if I’d never said and done all those things to you. I ask …” She gulps in air, “I ask that you’ll forgive me … consider forgiving me. I can’t believe you let me in and didn’t tell me to go to hell like I deserved. I want us to be friends again. I’ve come to ask you for mercy, to reconcile with you. I hope you will consider it, and I know it’s going to take years to fix it. To fix us.”
Nance stops talking and holds still. Tears stream down her face.
Zarine’s chest burns, her eyes water, and she contemplates Nance for a long moment.
“I forgive you,” she says with a thickened voice.
Nance hiccups; her eyes redden as the tears stream faster.
Zarine puts the flowers down on the table in the sunroom, then wraps her arms around Nance. They stand like that for a few moments, pull apart, wipe their cheeks.
Nance says, “Thank you Zarine. I don’t deserve this, but I’ll do everything I can to regain your trust, and your friendship.”
Zarine nods, unable to speak. She opens the door, and Nance leaves.
Zarine stands looking at the closed door; then draws in air right to the bottom of her lungs and exhales. She returns to her paper, but the phone rings before she can sit down. She’s spent; her eyes are sore. She isn’t sure she can speak. It’s her lawyer.
“Great news. The Shadow Court and Akaesman lawyers want to settle. Are you sitting down?” When she sits down, she says yes, and he speaks all the details into her disbelieving ear. He says that they’re offering a generous one hundred and fifty thousand dollars, not including back payments owed, an unheard of sum for a case such as hers where income loss had to be calculated from freelance earnings not an employer’s pay stubs, where medical expenses did not include Shadow Court-approved methods, where housekeeping costs had not been billed (never mind that she had been dissuaded from billing), and where pain and suffering was considered minimal because she can walk and talk. His fees will come out of that amount, but not disbursements. They will be paid directly by the Shadow Court.
“But I still can’t work,” she replies when he’s finished. “How am I supposed to live on this for the rest of my life? Or pay ongoing medical bills?”
“This is exceedingly generous. The Shadow Court and Akaesman government representatives don’t offer this kind of deal. A court case will cost so much that you’ll have to win triple, maybe even quintuple this settlement in order to end up even with today’s offer. I recommend accepting the deal.”
“How do others live on this?”
He clears his throat, “Well, they buy fancy SUVs and large-screen TVs.”
“But how do they live? Where do they get the money to pay their bills?”
“I’m not sure. I don’t follow them after they leave. But I imagine they end up selling their SUVs in a couple of years and go on welfare or Ontario disability.”
“They’d have to sell those SUVs for next to nothing compared to what they paid for them.”
“Yes.”
“Basically, Akaesman attacks, and we’re all supposed to go on welfare and say sayonara life?”
“I don’t see that for you. You’re not going to say sayonara. Look how far you’ve come. You’re going to do great things yet, I know it. And this offer will help you. It may not seem like much to live on for the next forty, fifty years, but I don’t believe you’ll have to. I believe you’ll be working again soon. It might take five years — at most — but a creative mind like yours cannot be held down. And this will help you.”
She doesn’t say anything.
“You won’t get a better offer, I assure you. Think about it. Take a few days, make your calculations, or write down the pros and cons. You’ll see I’m right. I don’t mind you taking your time: after their miserly first offer, it’s good to make them wait, maybe squeeze a little more out of them. I’ll try. But this offer is better than I’d hoped for, way better.”
“Okay,” she pauses. She has to admit that this settlement will allow her to pay her treatment debts and future costs and to re-establish her career, as long as she can do it within a couple of years. And maybe she can. Maybe her sudden improvements this morning mean normality is returning and returning quickly. Hope fills and overflows her. “Okay, I’ll get back to you.” They say good-bye, and she remains seated by the phone, her hand frozen over it, reeling from first reading large sections of the newspaper, then Nance’s apology, and now this.
Get up.
Huh?
Get up. Go upstairs.
Zarine doesn’t want to, she wants to sit and absorb all the good news. But the urge is strong. She gets up. She climbs the stairs as slowly as she can. Smokey takes the steps one at a time behind her. Reluctantly, she walks into her music room.
Play.
She stares at the keyboard. The silent, covered keyboard. The one she hasn’t touched in years now. She frowns as she tries to remember how long it’s been. She hadn’t been able to play anything worthwhile last time. Mary Had a Little Lamb was not on her “good future” prophecy list.
Play.
She shuffles over and stops.
Play.
She steps closer to the keyboard, hauls off its cover, and turns it on. A hum fills the room, low, waiting. She’s amazed it still works. She takes a seat on the bench and stares at the keys. Smokey leaps onto the bench beside her and then onto the back of the keyboard to her left, neatly avoiding dials and buttons. She barely notices her cat settling her haunches down to stare at the keys with her.
The keys await her, shining white and black, reflecting the sun spilling into the room. She lifts her hands up over the keys and wonders: What to play? She almost retracts her hands back into her lap when the memory of Beethoven’s Moonlight Sonata fills her mind. She can hear and see the melodic notes in her head. She stands again, raises the lid of the bench, and scrabbles around inside for the sheet music. She finds it and, sitting down again, spreads it out on top of the keyboard in front of her. She hunches over the keys and stretches her fingers into position and lowers them, feeling the white and black plastic smooth under her skin. And freezes. Smokey bows her head, her fur shining in the sunlight, stretches her tongue out, and begins washing herself, noisily, attracting her attention. Smokey stops mid-lick, her pink tongue ever so slightly poking out, her eyes fixed on hers, as if to say, “do you mind?” She looks back down at her frozen hands, feels again the keys under her fingers. She pulls in an enormous breath, opening her chest, lengthening her spine, and exhales, lowering her shoulders, relaxing her neck, focusing on the music.
Zarine plays.

###


About the Author
SHIREEN JEEJEEBHOY is a Toronto-based author, blogger, and photographer. She is the author of the award-winning biography Lifeliner: The Judy Taylor Story and two short ebooks, has written articles for print media and online sites, and is working on her next novel. She holds a B.Sc. in psychology from the University of Toronto. You can visit her website at http://jeejeebhoy.ca.
Discover Other Titles by Shireen Jeejeebhoy at Smashwords.com
Lifeliner: The Judy Taylor Story
A Nibble of Chocolate
The Job Sessions: Why Do The Innocent Suffer?
Connect with Me Online
Website: http://jeejeebhoy.ca
Twitter: http://twitter.com/ShireenJ
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/pages/Shireen-Jeejeebhoy/45700562939
Blog: http://pario.blogspot.com
Smashwords: http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/ShireenJeejeebhoy

To listen to the songs mentioned in this book,
go to my playlist The Music Track of She on YouTube.

Lyrics in Chapter Twenty-One from the hymn O the Deep, Deep Love of Jesus by Samuel Trevor Francis, 1875, in the public domain.
O the deep, deep love of Jesus, vast, unmeasured, boundless, free!
Rolling as a mighty ocean in its fullness over me!
Underneath me, all around me, is the current of Thy love
Leading onward, leading homeward to Thy glorious rest above!
O the deep, deep love of Jesus, spread His praise from shore to shore!
How He loveth, ever loveth, changeth never, nevermore!
How He watches o'er His loved ones, died to call them all His own;
How for them He intercedeth, watcheth o'er them from the throne!
O the deep, deep love of Jesus, love of every love the best!
'Tis an ocean vast of blessing, 'tis a haven sweet of rest!
O the deep, deep love of Jesus, 'tis a heaven of heavens to me;
And it lifts me up to glory, for it lifts me up to Thee!

Hungry for more by Shireen Jeejeebhoy?
Don’t miss the true life book
Lifeliner: The Judy Taylor Story
Keep reading for a peek at the fascinating story about the woman who could not eat …

Chapter 1 — Back in One Hour
“I’M SO LUCKY to have a family, adopted or not! I’m so lucky to be alive!” Judy Ellis Taylor tells her three school-age girls out of the blue on this chilly September morning. They roll their eyes, having heard this before many a time.
Judy didn’t know her biological parents, a twenty-three-year-old nursing-student mother and a twenty-seven-year-old painter father, nor did she care to. To Judy, her real parents were Marjorie and Percy Russell. Shortly after her birth on March 26, 1936, they had scooped up the little round-cheeked, black-haired baby and taken her home. At first, Marjorie hadn’t wanted to adopt this baby. Only six months had passed since their second adopted child had died suddenly; but Percy talked to Marjorie gently and persistently until he convinced his devastated wife that she could adopt again, that she could have her dream of children, children who would live. She acquiesced, and they adopted Judy from a Presbyterian home. To help ensure that both their girls, Joyce and Judy, their first and third adopted children, would have the best chance, they moved from Rosedale to a large house in the valley of York Mills, where violets flowed up to the door in springtime. It meant a one-hour drive to his engineering job, but Percy made it sweeter by bringing home chocolate éclairs. Meanwhile, Marjorie anchored their family life with big weekly Sunday lunches after church.
It was a good decision, for Judy thrived on life. She attended the prestigious Bishop Strachan School during her junior-high years and joined the young people’s group at St. John’s Anglican Church. At thirteen years old, this healthy, mischievous girl pledged herself to Christ at Camp Gay Venture in Haliburton — she didn’t explain why to anyone, just did it — and became a camp counsellor at the same time. Like a mother bird, Judy took charge of the little girls at the camp, including Sandra, a small seven-year-old. Judy especially loved teaching the little ones to ride. But being Judy’s pupil was not an easy thing: she had a tendency to kick her charges out of the nest if she felt that they could handle it, plus she had a penchant for practical jokes.
One sunny day as the group cantered together, Sandra’s black horse (known as Blacky) threw her off. Sandra sniffled on the ground, feeling sorry for herself, while the others milled around. They expected Judy to pick her up, dust her off, and plop her back on her horse. Instead, she steered her horse over and, looking down from her great height, demanded, “Well? What are you going to do about it? I’m going back to the barn. You can either walk or get on your horse and follow me.” She gestured to the others to follow her and rode off.
Sandra howled. Some of the kids looked back, but not one slowed down. They disappeared toward the barn. Sandra stopped, mouth open. No point howling anymore. She closed her mouth. She stood up, climbed onto Blacky, and trotted back to camp, where Judy was waiting. “Well, if you hadn’t done that, you probably wouldn’t ever have ridden again,” Judy informed the little girl. “Now take Blacky in and groom her.”
That fall, Percy decided that Judy would be better off at his (and my) alma mater, Jarvis Collegiate Institute, near the heart of Toronto, and had her transferred there. She did reasonably well. By age seventeen, she knew what she wanted out of life: to find a husband and have a family.
Judy joined her girlfriends at the church picnic near Fenelon Falls that summer, hoping to find a husband. She did. Her friend introduced her to her boyfriend’s buddy. Cliff Taylor was a taciturn, slightly older fellow with a sudden smile and a shock of dark hair. He had to grow up quickly after his mother had tried to kill him along with herself, leaving him alone with his alcoholic father while his younger sister was shipped off to boarding school. By age sixteen, he had dropped out of school to work. He developed a philosophy of paying his own way with cash only. He didn’t believe in credit cards or debt, except for a mortgage perhaps. Unlike Judy, he didn’t live in the genteel areas of town, but he had become successful in sales and was doing well monetarily. Still, the educated, well-off Judy clicked with this man from the wrong side of the tracks. He loved her with a devotion that drove him to cross the threshold of a church, a feat he vowed never to repeat after their marriage on July 27, 1957, in St. John’s Anglican, and she loved him with a strength he could count on.
Cliff bought a new house for his bride, and they settled comfortably into Scar-borough life, spending weekends up at the cottage near his father’s place in Bobcaygeon, Cliff paying for everything in cash, as usual, and Judy looking after their growing brood: Cyndy, Julie, and Miriam. Judy had grasped her dream. With her family complete, she went on the birth control pill, a fairly new drug back in late 1966. She was wildly happy and having fun.
But God wasn’t impressed with Judy’s life plan. He gave her the gifts of toughness, generosity, kindness, healing, advocacy, and teaching. Her dream was too mundane for those gifts, and He would call her to travel to unfamiliar places, places so dark, frightening, and unexpected that she would have no choice but to trust in His faithfulness to her.
Stomach pain was the first intimation of the change to come. The stomach pain was so bad that, after three months, it forced her to see her general practitioner (GP) in February 1967. Despite X-rays, blood tests, and referrals to specialists, nothing revealed the source of her pain, although by 1970 her insatiable appetite and loss of weight clued one of her specialists, a gastroenterologist, into the fact that she might have hyperthyroidism. She joked to her girls that she could run up and down the road at ninety miles an hour, making them laugh while she hid from them the wrenching pain deep inside her. By the summer of 1970, her endocrinologist irradiated her thyroid. Perhaps things would settle down now, Judy and Cliff hoped.
But the pain squeezed harder. Her doctor prescribed morphine; Cliff and Judy hid that, too, from their girls, or so they thought. Family conversations took a strange turn. The talkative, joking Judy suddenly would stop mid-sentence; they would all pretend she hadn’t and would gamely continue on the conversation without her. Suddenly, she’d pop back up and finish her sentence. Unfortunately, she would soon space out again, and cries of “Mom? Mom!” from her girls would go unheeded. Frightened, the three dared not ask about this phenomenon when she resurfaced from wherever she’d been, and they pretended that everything was normal. Judy had deceived herself into thinking they hadn’t noticed, clenching her teeth against the truth, fighting both the pain and the effects of the morphine.

Wednesday, September 23, 1970, dawns cold. The pain had increased during the past weekend. She had spent the time at the cottage, lying balled up on her bed while the children played with their dog, Goldie, under the sunny fall skies. Back at home, she had pushed herself to get through Monday and Tuesday, but today, Wednesday, she calls her GP. With Cliff by her side, she dials his number. He’s on vacation. His partner takes her early morning call. He instructs her to call her endocrinologist, the one who irradiated her thyroid. She calls him, but her symptoms are outside his field of specialty, he informs her. She hangs up frustrated and decides to soldier on. “I’ll be fine,” she assures Cliff so that he will leave for work and not worry about her. She has toughed it out for over three years; one more day will not be so hard.
But Cliff feels unconvinced. He writes down his work number and commands her to call him.
Later that morning, after her family has left, Judy’s neighbour Frances comes over for their usual cup of tea and chat. After one look at Judy, Frances runs to fetch her next-door neighbour Fran. They return to find Judy lying on the chesterfield, wearing shorts and shivering. Fran dashes into the bedroom and grabs a pair of slacks and a blanket. Judy — the one who always does things for herself, who never discusses her health, who never talks of her ailment — now lets her two neighbours bundle her up.
Fran asks her, “Where’s the pain?”
Judy points to, but dares not touch, her sore stomach and confesses her whole story.
Fran thinks that maybe it’s appendicitis and is livid at the doctor’s inane advice. They should call Cliff, she asserts, and she takes the slip of paper with his work number on it and calls while Frances offers Judy some tea.
Judy cannot abide the thought and turns her head away. Fran suggests that she make lunch for Judy’s girls at her place. Judy nods.
Frances has to go back home, but Fran stays. Judy feels maybe a visit to the bathroom will help. She rises carefully from the chesterfield and leans gratefully on her neighbour’s arm for the short walk down the hallway. But the bathroom visit doesn’t help. The pain hangs on, her nerves screech at her every movement. She lies back down on the chesterfield with relief.
It’s eleven o’clock. The phone rings. Fran picks it up. It’s Cliff, calling her back. “I may be wrong, but that wouldn’t cause what she had, right?” she asks him, referring to Judy’s hyperthyroidism.
Cliff doesn’t know; he says it’s all incomprehensible to him, this illness stuff.
Fran gets off the phone as lunch is fast approaching. She has to get it ready and bake cookies for her son and for Judy’s three girls. “I’ll ask Frances to keep an eye on you till after lunch,” she tells Judy. She runs out the door under the scudding clouds and light rain to Frances’s place. Although Frances has her own four kids to make lunch for, she pops over several times and takes messages from a worried Cliff. He’s coming home early, and she lets Fran know this when she returns after lunch.
At 5:30 PM, Cliff barrels in from work. He watches Fran leave with a worried backward glance at Judy. He unwraps the fish ’n chips he’d picked up on his way home and coaxes his wife to eat at least a little bit. Fish ’n chips. The last meal of her life. If only they had known, he would’ve gotten something nicer.
Fed and off the couch, Judy takes a deep breath and throws her affliction out of her mind. Life cannot stop just because my innards are screaming, she thinks. Her girls need new running shoes, groceries need to be bought, for it’s Wednesday night, grocery night. She tells Cliff to get the car ready, and she steels herself for the drive to Parkway Plaza. There in the middle of the grocery store, she sways.
Cliff grabs her and half carries half walks her to the car with the girls running along beside them. Cliff rushes them home and settles his wife on the chesterfield. He whips across the street to ask Frances if she can look after the children while he takes Judy to the doctor’s office.
Frances doesn’t hesitate to say yes, and the two race back to his house. They wrap Judy up in blankets.
As Cliff carries her out the door to the car, Judy — ever protective and still trying to hide her illness — calls back to her girls: “We’re just going to the doctor’s. We’ll be back in an hour.”
