CHAPTER 1

The elf working next to me is going to get bitch-slapped. It's bad enough that I'm stuck working with chimney-scented Santa, but they also have to pair me up with her? Brittani grins at me in her glittering green elf outfit, and wiggles the tips of her fingers in a cutesy-style wave. She looks like something a unicorn barfed up, and I don't look much better. We're both decked out in Christmas tree-colored polyester green uniforms, green tights, and green elf shoes-which means the toes curl and have a bell, because what elf would be caught dead without a set of bells on their toes-along with make-up to make the tip of my nose and my cheeks look rosy.

If someone I know spots me, they'll laugh their ass off, which is why I'm at the mall in Massapequa instead of the one by my house. I've always been the chick that perky girls run away from. But, my normal dark attire is at home collecting dust. I've been stuck wearing this tight, itchy, thing for the past month, filling in for girls who couldn't bother (or were too ashamed) to show up.

To sum things up-this is the worst job ever. I'd rather be a pooper scooper for reindeers, because this is hell. Imagine dressing up like a slutty elf and being forced to stand in the middle of the mall all day long with a passive aggressive Santa and a perky chick who thinks she really is an elf. This is my life.

Ignoring Brittani, I walk over and kneel down in front of the next little kid that's in line to have her picture taken with Smokey Santa. "Hey, sweetie. Are you ready to see Santa?" Her eyes go wide when I talk to her, and then her gaze lifts to my bright red hair and pointy little cap. Then she sees them-the elf ears.

Her little hand lifts hesitantly and she points, "Your ears look pointy."

I smile at her. She's cute, maybe four or five, with a big red ribbon on the side of her chestnut hair. "It's because I'm an elf."

"And you sparkle." Her awe is palpable.

"I'm a Vegas elf. We're all about the glitter. Come on and see Santa. He's the real deal."

The little girl takes my hand as we walk up to the gingerbread house with Santa sitting on his throne, or whatever the hell it's supposed to be. We walk slowly toward him since Brittani is letting a kid linger longer than she should.

The little girl's grip on my hand tightens. "How do you know he's the real Santa? My mom said the real Santa is working tonight." He should be. NORAD has Santa's ass in China right now, but the guy is sitting here taking gift orders. Go figure.

Smiling at her, I say, "When you get up there, take a sniff. The old guy smells like smoke. He was out earlier tonight, delivering presents and got stuck in a chimney. True story." The little girl's eyes light up and the second Santa's lap is free, she races over.

Brittani scoffs and heads over to the next group, which contains one preteen boy who looks completely pissed off, and clearly does not want to be standing in line to see Santa. His arms are folded over his chest and he keeps shaking his head. Brittani can't get him onto the red carpet where he's supposed to wait his turn, and his little sister is starting to tear up. Not another screamer. Rushing over, I tell Brit to get the next one and lean in close to the older kid. "See Santa's throne?" The little boy glances at me out of the corner of his eye, suspiciously. I know he doesn't want to be caught dead anywhere near Santa's Workshop. That stuff's for little kids. So I hold up my hand to my mouth and lean in, whispering, "It's made out of reindeer bones."

"No way?" He glances over at me with wonder in his eyes. Yeah, too much Minecraft for this one.

"Way. Touch it when you walk over. The armrest on the right is made from Prancer's left leg."

The little boy takes his sister's hand and pulls her onto the red carpet. His mom mouths thank you and I turn around. Only a bazillion kids to go.

After work, the night isn't even over. I have to show my face at a family Christmas party, and act like I'm fine, before I can head home. Whatever. For the next few hours I work myself to the bone, not wanting to think about the dreaded family festivities that await me. I help little kids get their picture with Santa that all their parents want. They slap down money and shove their child at a stranger in a costume without a second thought. It's utterly weird when you stop to think about it.

Toward the end of the night, the line shrinks until there are only a few people remaining. I'm dead on my feet, and not really paying attention when I walk over to the dwindling line. My gaze doesn't lift from the floor and neither do my shoulders. I'm ready to do a face plant and eat carpet. I'm twenty-two, my body isn't supposed to ache like this until I'm thirty. Somehow, I got shortchanged a few years. Mother Nature is a bitch.

The guy is placing his order with the cashier, and for the first time I zero in on his voice over the crowd noise. My heart shudders as the hairs on the back of my neck prickle.

No. It can't be him.

CHAPTER 2

I'm almost too afraid to look up. I haven't seen Chris since high school. He was two years older than me and completely off limits. Well, I could have had him, assuming I wanted to be roadkill. Chris was the kind of guy that's never serious about anything. I ended up in the friend zone with him, which wasn't a bad place to be. It was a safe place to be.

Nearly four years have passed since I last saw him, but I'd recognize his voice anywhere. My stomach sinks as I look up. Holy hell, he's hotter than I remember. Icy blue eyes meet mine as his sexy mouth twists into a timid smirk.

"Yeah, I want the Santa's Sleigh Bells Package, but I want my picture with her." He says to the cashier as he points at me with a sexy smile on his face.

Gwen is a middle-aged Mom with frizzy brown hair and a bad dye job. She blinks like she's been sleeping and looks up from the cash register. "Excuse me? Did you say you wanted your picture with an elf?"

"Not any elf," he points at me, "that elf." Chris is grinning wickedly, licking his lips and staring at me like I'm the next yummy thing he plans to eat.

For a second, I forget everything and just stand there, shocked, with my pulse racing. He finally speaks to me, which snaps me out of it. "Hey, Brooke."

I walk over to the cashier and look up at him. Chris is all man now, hard muscle, and a jaw that's perfectly sculpted, with the body of a Greek god. Yeah, so four years have done him well, but me-not so much. My h*ps are fuller and I swear to God that I shrunk, because he seems taller. I find my voice and try to hide my shock. "Hey, Chris. Long time."

There's a playful grin on his lips. "A little too long. Imagine how delighted I was when I wandered by and saw you were a hot elf. All this time you were hiding out at the North Pole. No wonder why I haven't seen you around."

I give him a crooked smile and look away. "Yeah, well you know how it is."

"No, I don't. I've never really talked to an elf before, and the fact that you're the surliest person I've ever met isn't lost on me, either. How many people did you beat with a penguin today?"

"Just the one." I laugh, and shake my head as I try to avoid those piercing blue eyes.

He smirks. "So, I'll be number two."

"That's not something I'd go around saying out loud."

Chris offers me that smile of his. It's purely sexual with promises of carnal acts that will make my heart skip a beat and explode. Chris's gaze dips to the carpet and then back up. "I probably shouldn't tell people that I was standing in line all night to see you, either, but I did."

Crap. He did not. The pit of my stomach drops as I think about Chris shooting pictures of me all over the internet. "Tell me you're kidding."

Tilting his head back, he narrows his gaze and slips his hands into his pockets. "Well, I didn't hit tweet yet, but I could." There it is. This beautiful man wants something from me.

Frack. "What'll it cost me?"

"A picture with me, and maybe dinner."

I look at him like he's insane and point out the obvious. "It's Christmas Eve."

"Yes, I realize that. If it wasn't, we'd need to do an intervention, because you look like you recently escaped from the Keebler factory, Brooke."

I roll my eyes and tell the cashier to let him through. "Fine, but I'm not sitting on your lap."

"Like I'd offer," he retorts, dryly.

Santa quietly vacates his seat and goes to stand by Brit. Chris and I stand shoulder to shoulder and look straight ahead at the camera. They all watch us with knowing smiles, but they don't know reindeer turds. Chris isn't Mr. Relationship and I'm not looking for a one-nighter. As it is, life is hard. I don't need another person who'll use me and run. Besides, Chris doesn't think of me like that. The entire time I knew him, he never put a move on me. We're the definition of platonic.

As the photographer gets the camera ready, I mention, "I bet that's one you haven't done yet. Sex with an elf." A satisfied smile lines my lips, as Blane, the camera guy, tells us to smile.

Chris chooses that moment to whisper in my ear, "Actually, I'd hoped to add an elf to my list tonight."

My jaw drops as the shutter snaps. Turning quickly, I punch his arm and laugh. "Jackass."

Still smiling, Chris watches me as I walk away, waiting to be rewarded for paying fifty bucks for the worst picture of us in existence. But, he doesn't say anything. Chris just smiles at me, and waits for his prints on the other side of Santa's Workshop.

CHAPTER 3

A few more stragglers bring in their sleepy kids right before we close. When the last one is finished, I glance around for Chris, but he's gone. The smile slips off my face and I don't know if I'm relieved or disappointed. Either way, that's that. Chris is gone and I can head to the Christmas party from hell.

"Who was that?" Brittani finally asks as we clean up and get ready to close.

"Someone from high school."

"He was so hot. Do you think he was serious?" Okay, this conversation just crossed into Uncomfortable Land. I avoid her gaze as I bend over and unplug a reindeer. "Brooke, are you going to sleep with him?"

Before I stand up, I answer, "Of course not. He was only kidding, besides, he's long gone."

"No, he's not. He's sitting right over there, waiting for you." What? Brittani points, and I follow her finger to a bench across the corridor. Chris is sitting there with his long legs kicked out in front of him, crossed at the ankle. "You go ahead. I'll close up." She smiles at me.

I want to protest, but I also want to talk to him some more. Maybe she's not an evil elf, after all. "Thanks, Brit. Merry Christmas."

"You too."

I grab my purse and saunter across the mall to where he's sitting. Folding my arms across my chest, I stick out my hip, and glare at him. "Why are you still here?"

"Why do you look so hot?" I roll my eyes and turn to leave. Chris jumps up and is next to me before I'm two steps down the hallway that leads to my car. "Brooke, wait." He touches my elbow and sends a current straight through my heart. I don't mean to, but I shake him off. What the hell was that? His blue eyes slip over my face, like he's worried that he won't see me again. "Let me take you to dinner. We can catch up. You can tell me about the one ring to rule them all, and I can tell you how much I've missed you." He was always charming, but this is a bit much. It feels like he wants to say more, but he doesn't.

I laugh, but it's of the nervous, defensive, variety. Chris looks at me like he can tell. "Yeah, I'm sure."

His fingers brush my arm, hesitantly, and a shiver rips through me again, making me feel like I licked a socket. "Which part are you contesting? That you're dressed like an elf or that I missed you, because I think both points are pretty clear."

Pressing my lips together, I stop walking just before the glass doors to the parking lot. The PA system in the mall announces that it's closing time and tells people to get out. A few shoppers rush past us with big bags. I bet their lucky kids get tape and rubber band balls because every store has been picked clean. The only things left are office supplies. Happy Christmas, here's a stapler.

I bite back what I want to say and just push through the doors. It's snowing. Great. My coat is in the car, so I sprint for it. Chris is on my heels, manages to catch up, and snatches my wrist before I can get the door open. He yanks it hard, making me spin around to face him. He takes a step toward me and uses his body to pin me in place. Sparks shoot through each point of contact and short out my brain.

He lowers his face so that his lips are right by mine. "Have dinner with me."

"No." My voice is gone. It comes out in a breath of frozen air.

"Have dinner with me." He says it again, but his voice sounds different. Chris tips his head to the side and inches closer to my lips, but he still lingers too far away to kiss me.

I don't trust myself to speak, so I shake my head once, slightly.

Chris presses his forehead to mine. "Have dinner with me."

A shiver darts down my spine, but it has nothing to do with the weather. My eyes dart between his mouth and the ground. "Say what you really want, Chris."

The smile fades from his lips. "I want you, Brooke."

My heart flutters. He said exactly what I wanted to hear, but he's said those words to lots of other girls too. "Thanks, but no." Pressing my hands onto his chest, I push him away, and turn to unlock my door.

"You're really going to drive away and leave me here?" He gives me a puppy dog face as snowflakes land in his dark hair.

After unlocking the door, I look up at him. "You really want to come with me?"

He nods. "Anywhere. Take me, baby." He grins and then forces a serious face. "I mean it. Let's go. Anywhere you want."

Sucker. I point at the passenger door of my beat up old car. "Get in."

CHAPTER 4

Aunt Maureen nearly rips off Chris' cheek when she pinches his face. "He's so cute! Where'd you find him?"

"At the mall. They had a dozen other models exactly like him." Grinning, I wink at Chris.

He extracts his face from Aunt Maureen's grip. "Oh, burn. I'm hurt. Seriously. You think this could be mass produced?" He presses his hand to his chest, like he's a sight to behold, and he is, but Chris doesn't need a bigger ego, so I don't bother looking at him.

"You won't have a face left after this. All these old ladies are going to pinch it off. Oh, and stay away from Nick and Aunt Chrissy." I start to walk away, but Chris reaches out for me, grabbing my wrist.

Nervously he asks, "Where are you going?"

I gesture to my outfit. "Elf, hello? Santa needs me." I wink and disappear through the crowd of crazy people who happen to be my family. They're loud and most of them are intoxicated. Add in the hyper children and the falling snow, and it's a scary sight.

My cousin, Rachel, grabs my arm. "Is that-"

"No." I cut her off before Chris hears and grab her arm, walking away from him as fast as possible.

"But it looks like that guy you used to have a crush on. And he's totally drooling over you." Rach follows me back to Aunt Maureen's bedroom. I'm supposed to help Santa in through the window. Hopefully no one will shoot his ass before I can pull him through. We aren't in the best neighborhood.

I unlock the window and push it open. My cousin Jimmy is standing outside, wearing a santa costume. "Brookie! Nice elf ears."

"Bite me."

Rachel is still needling me. "So, are you guys a thing? Have you seen his thing?" She giggles and sloshes the contents of her red plastic cup, as I try to push the screen out of the window. Jimmy makes a face and the screen falls.

"Nope and no plans to, but if he's lucky Nick is probably hitting on him right now."

Rachel giggles, "Or Aunt Chrissy. God, she's a slut and he's fresh meat. Both of them are going to be all over him since you walked away."

Smirking, I turn and look at her. "I know."

"You're so mean." Rachel looks at the window. "What the hell is taking so long? Where's Jimmy?"

We both stick our heads out the window to look for him, and get treated to a face full of snow. Have I told you that my relatives are asses? We both sputter, wiping the snow off our faces, and pull our heads back inside.

"You little shit!" Rachel screams at her brother and points at her sweater. "This is cashmere! It can't get wet."

Jabbing my thumbs at my elf garb, I say, "Polyester. I'm pretty sure this thing could survive the Apocalypse." I brush the snow off the shoulder of her outfit. "There, it's fine. No harm."

"He's still a buttface."

"Nice. That'll show him." Before I can say another word, Rach tosses herself through the window and lands with an oof on the frozen ground. Jimmy laughs like a hyena and runs. I watch from the window as Rachel manages to slam into her brother and knock him to the ground.

The bedroom door opens behind me and Chris rushes through with Aunt Chrissy behind him. There are hot pink lipstick smears on his collar that match Aunt Chrissy's mouth. Chris's eyes are wide with that panicked look that men get when they realize that my aunt is insane.

"Brooke," he squeaks and rushes over to me. "Tell your aunt that we're an item." He has a pleading look that is completely hysterical.

"We used to be, but he just can't get over me. You can have him." I gesture for her to take him and look back out the window.

Chris's voice jumps an octave as he rushes at me. "She's just teasing!"

I'm laughing at him. "You said you wanted to come."

"I didn't know they were all crazy."

At that moment we look out at my two cousins in time to see Jimmy slip on a patch of ice and go sailing across the lawn, and smack face first into a tree. He falls on his ass and sits there for a second before trying to get up. He's laughing like he drank a box of wine before he showed up, and wails when he tries to put weight on his leg.

Rachel wanders over to him outside, scolding as she walks. "Shut up! You're too damn loud!" Her whisper-yell could wake the dead. The drink in her hand sloshes out of the plastic cup, leaving a trail in her wake.

God, they're so mental. Rachel looks back at me, offers an exasperated face, and points to the ground next to her. Shaking my head, I stay at the sill. "Yeah, I don't think so. You deal with it and I'll keep anyone else from jumping out the window."

Rach glares at me. "Wimp."

"Yeah, that's it."

Chris is standing next to me, watching Jimmy try to stand up with Rachel's help. When he puts weight on his leg, he yelps and falls over, pulling Rach down with him. I try not to laugh, and notice that Chris is suppressing a smile next to me.

He leans in, we're shoulder to shoulder at the window, leaning on the ledge and looking out. "So, your aunt really needs a door in here." I'm about to reply when Chris yelps and spins around to see Aunt Chrissy right behind him with a grin on her pink lips. I'm pretty sure she pinched his butt.

She rolls her eyes like we're all stupid. "Get the santa suit and get on with it. The kids can't see Santa hobbling around and then notice Jimmy with a broken ankle. It'll ruin the whole thing and we'll have a ton of kids crying their eyes out. Why the hell is he outside anyway?" It was supposed to be so he could surprise everyone. Snapping out the window, Aunt Chrissy yells, "Fork over the hat and jacket right now. The kids are waiting."

"You're going to dress up like Santa?" I ask my Aunt.

"Don't be an idiot. He is." She practically purrs the last part when she points at Chris.

Chris laughs nervously and holds me in front of him. "I'm with Brooke. Tell her or I won't do it."

I eye him. "You'd make little kids cry?"

He whispers in my ear, "I'm going to cry if you don't get rid of her."

Chuckling, I finally say, "He's with me."

CHAPTER 5

Chris looks great in the santa suit, even though it's a little bit too big. We have fun with the kids, sitting by the pink plastic Christmas tree. Chris is really good with them, and they're practically rabid since they're all jacked up on sugar cookies and eggnog-crazy little bastards-but Chris doesn't mind. He lets them climb on him, and hands out gifts until every package is gone.

When the little kids finally stop using him as a jungle gym, I can get close to him again. There's a teasing comment on my lips, but I don't get a chance to say it before Chris pulls me by the waist, yanking me up against his hard body in that soft santa suit. "So," he says in my ear, "Did you intentionally abandon me to your horny aunt or was that a bonus?"

I feel the heat from his body through the suit and like the way his arms feel around me. Too bad it can't go anywhere. Chris is beautiful beyond words, and the pull I feel toward him is only normal. I mean, the guy is charming, hot, and cocky. That's a trifecta so lethal that it should be outlawed.

God, he smells good.

Glancing over my shoulder, I see my aunt and laugh, before looking back at Chris. "It was a bonus, and a really funny one." Flicking his fake beard, I add, "You make a nice Santa."

He smiles at me, but it's not the flirty grin he throws around. It's soft and pensive, like he really enjoys what he's looking at. Releasing his hold on my waist, he looks away and tugs his santa hat down before running his hands through his hair. "Seriously, thanks for that."

"No problem." I glance at my watch and wonder if it's too soon to cut out. I feel like an emotional lunatic and no matter how hard I try to force the feelings away, they keep coming back. If it were possible, I'd cancel every holiday for the next three years just so I don't have to deal with it.

Chris turns so he's standing next to me and bumps his shoulder against mine. "Got somewhere to be?"

"Not really, I just-" For a second I wonder if I can tell him, if he'll understand. My heart flutters and my stomach dips in a way that makes the pain real again. My mouth opens and snaps shut again, and I shake my head. It's not that I don't want to tell him, it's that I can't say it. I don't want to admit it, and verbalizing the whole thing just makes it worse. I glance at him out of the corner of my eye and see him watching me.

Chris steps back in front of me and looks down at my arms, which are folded tightly across my chest. My jaw is locked, steeling me against the pain so I can swallow it back down. Chris touches my arms lightly. "Tell me, Brooke." He offers a crooked smile, which makes me smile in return.

I don't think about it. I just rip the words out of my mouth like a band aid, hoping it'll hurt less. "Being here, now, it makes me miss her, you know?" I hug my middle to try and seal the hole in my heart. Holidays suck and Christmas is the worst.

At least I have my aunts and uncles, but it's not the same. My Mom won't be around for stuff like this again. She won't be here ever again, and every holiday just reminds me of that fact. She won't be here this Christmas, or Easter. She won't be here to help me pick out a wedding dress or watch my non-existent kids grow up. She'll never see their faces and she'll never know that part of my life. She's just gone. Her death left a gaping hole in me and I don't know how to heal it, so I ignore it. I try to pretend that it never happened, because that's all I can manage. But nights like tonight remind me of everything I've lost.

Squeezing my arms tighter, I mutter, "Holidays are hard. That's all."

He nods and steps toward me, shoving his hands in his back pockets. "Your Mom's funeral was the last time I saw you."

I know, and I remember him there and at a loss for words. Before I left, Chris sat next to me on those long horrible days. One day I got in my car and drove away. I ditched my old life, looking for something new, something I couldn't find. Eventually I came back, but I didn't have the nerve to call him or any of my old friends after that. "I should have said good-bye."

He glances down at me. "That's not why I said it, Brooke. I meant what I said in the mall."

I roll my eyes. "What? That you want to nail an elf?" That makes him smile, but it's the sweet version and it feels more like a hug than a look.

"No, not that. I missed you. When I walked by and heard your voice, well, it was the perfect Christmas present." He puts his santa hat back on and tilts his head to the side, looking at me out of the corner of his eye. The expression makes me want things that I shouldn't have.

Walls up. Come on, Brooke. Don't fall for his shit. All that charm isn't Chris. I slap his chest to break the moment. "You're a cornball. You know that right?"

"You have intimacy issues." He looks away, annoyed.

I nearly choke. "Me?" He nods and my voice gets shriller. "Seriously? Me? I have intimacy issues? So what does that make you?"

He shrugs, but there's a serene smile on his face. "I don't know. Lucky."

"Yeah, you were always getting lucky." The bitter tone in my voice is too harsh, but I can't hide it. It shouldn't matter what he did or who he did. The truth is, seeing him scares me. He reminds me of the life I lost. He's part of my past, but I buried my past along with my mother.

He doesn't look at me. "Not really. The one woman that mattered to me most, well, let's just say I never even had a shot with her. I messed things up." The placid smile stays on his face, and he looks at me. "There's no such thing as second chances, huh?"

Second chances? Is he serious? There's no way he had feelings for me. I must have hit my head one too many times. I shake my head because I don't know what to say. He liked me?

Chris doesn't press me for an answer. Instead he walks over to Jimmy, asking him if he needs anything. Rachel takes the moment to sit next to me as one of the little kids in the kitchen screams about bedtime. "He's really into you."

"No, he's into everyone." I try not to watch Chris, but I can't help it. I almost wish Rach was right.

Rachel bumps my shoulder, so I look over at her. "No, honey. He hasn't flirted with anyone all night, except you."

Glancing at my hands, I tell her, "Avoiding crazy people isn't the same thing as being into me."

Rachel pushes her hair out of her face and leans in closer. "He's sitting with Nick and Jimmy. That's the epicenter of crazy, and he's sitting there for you."

Nick is my flamboyantly g*y cousin and his hand is about to touch Chris's back. People are so nasty to Nick, especially because he's so touchy feely. Some women have slapped him in the face for it, so it surprises me when Chris grabs Nick's shoulders and puts him in a headlock. He ruffles Nick's hair and shoves him aside while Jimmy laughs his ass off. All three guys seem happy.

Rachel sighs dramatically. "What do you have against the guy?"

"Nothing." And that's the truth. I have nothing against him, I just don't want to have more people to lose. It sounds mental, but I'd rather be alone than be devastated when things don't work out and he leaves. Or something horrible happens and I lose him entirely.

Yeah, I'm f**ked up, but I'm dealing with it. This is the way I've learned to cope with reality. I sealed myself away from the world. I'm picking up the pieces and most days I'm fine. But this isn't most days, and I'm far from fine tonight. I volunteered to work, and I'd still be there if it was possible. It's better than being left alone to think.

I do my rounds, and say goodbye to Rachel and everyone else, before I grab Santa by the ear. "Come on Mr. Claus. Your wife will be missing you."

CHAPTER 6

After we're back in my car, Chris gives me directions and I drive to his apartment. I look over at him confused. "You didn't leave your car at the mall?"

He gets a silly look on his face and scoots down in the seat a little. "Well, actually, I was with a group of guys, so I didn't take my car. It's still in front of my house." He touches his bottom lip with his finger. It's something he used to do when we were younger, when he was thinking about something that was bothering him.

There's a lot of snow tonight, so leaving the car in the road wasn't a good plan. "You left it in the street?"

"Yeah. Not a smart move. The plows are going to bury the thing."

"No kidding. I did that once and it took half the day to get my car out. But it's nice, the snow. The flurries are light right now. The sky has that Norman Rockwell painting look, like a Christmas card." I have a sappy smile on my face as I look around. Trees line the sides of the road with tons of barren branches covered in a dusting of white. The moonlight makes it look magical. Chris raises an eyebrow at me. "What?"

"Nothing." He smiles and sighs. "Turn right up here. It's the last unit on the end."

I pull into a parking lot and drive past a row of narrow condos. When I stop in front of his, I can't help it. My jaw drops open and I blurt out, "Really?"

"What? You thought I had no Christmas spirit?" His front door has a wreath that looks like a decapitated snowman, complete with a top hat. The front banister is covered in so many Christmas lights that it looks like the glowing end of a flashlight, and there's a pretty tree inside, decorated, and glowing softly. You'd think he had kids with the number of decorations up, but I know he doesn't.

"Dude, your railing is glowing like a fireball and you have Frosty's head plastered to your front door." I laugh softly and tuck a piece of hair behind my ear and glance over at him out of the corner of my eye. "I just thought you'd be a plastic pipe-cleaner tree sort of guy."

He glances at me, appalled. "Don't be silly. A live tree is the only way to go. Besides, once in a while there's a squirrel still living in it. Double the fun."

"Yeah, I suppose a plastic squirrel isn't the same thing."

Chris snorts and the charming grin I love so much lights up his face. "No, not so much. So, tell me, what kind of tree adorns elf-girl's apartment? Silver with a big pink bow on top?"

"Oh gross. Please, if you're going to take a guess, at least be realistic."

Chris offers a serious look. "The goth tree, complete with genuine burnt bark, ashen ornaments, and a dead rat for the topper."

"Psh, you're so wrong. It's a live bat. Totally different." I'm smiling. I can't help it.

"How could I be so off base?" He bumps my arm with his elbow. "Seriously, Brooke. What is it? Plastic or real? I know how you can't stand fake stuff-or people-so my guess is real."

My gaze is suddenly focused intently on the dashboard. "Uh, well..."

"Well what?"

"I didn't get a tree."

"What?" He cocks his head at me like a labradoodle. "You can't be serious. You were going to skip Christmas?"

"No." He tilts his head to the other side and gives me a don't-lie-to-me look. I sigh, "Yes."

CHAPTER 7

"You can't skip Christmas."

"Seriously, I can. It's fine, Chris. Go inside and hug your squirrel." I put my hand on the gearshift, like I'm getting ready to leave, but he just sits there.

"No. I'm not leaving you alone with no tree and no chance of rabies."

This feels uncomfortable, but I don't want to get into it. Christmas is great for people who aren't alone, but for people like me, it sucks monkeys. Chris won't understand, and I don't want to get into it. With all my elf make-up on, if I cry, I'll look like one of those sad clowns trapped on a velvet canvas. The guy who painted those was beyond disturbed by the way. There's no way you can be sane and stare at one of those things day after day.

Chris reaches over and turns off the engine, yanking the key from the ignition. If I wasn't in a parking space, I'd have a problem. "Hey!" I reach for the keys, but he shoves them into his pocket and grins. Hesitating, I think about going for it, but that requires getting a little too up close and personal with Chris. The f**ker. I mash my lips into a thin line and huff, "Give them back." I shove out my hand, palm up.

"No. Not until you've had a mini Christmas, inside, right now, with me and my squirrel."

"That's not a good name for Little Chris." I swallow a laugh, but Chris gives me an odd look. "Sorry, I thought we were talking about your tree."

His lips part like he's going to say something, but he doesn't. There's a strange smile on his face, like he has no idea how to respond to me. He blinks and laughs, before he reaches for the door and shoves it open.

Awh, frack. Is he serious? A cold rush of air fills the car. "Chris! Give me my keys back!" I jump out of my seat and stomp up behind him. "I'm tired and want to go to sleep. Don't make me beg."

After slipping the key into the lock, he pushes his front door open. The inside of his apartment looks like a Macy's window. Red, green, and gold are everywhere. There are pots of poinsettias, garlands, and decorations on every surface. A smile spreads across my face, as my eyes wander around the little room. He even hung his stocking on the mantle over the fireplace. It's so unlike him, so innocent and pure. In high school I had no idea he liked this holiday. He acted like it was stupid, but all this makes my jaw drop.

"I won't make you beg, but I can't let you spend the holiday alone." He steps inside and tosses his keys on a table, before shucking his santa coat and hat. "Stay for some hot cocoa and watch an old movie with me. I'll drive you home after."

"Chris," I whine and slump my shoulders, while smashing my shoes into his carpet. "I want to go to bed."

"Really? I didn't think I was going to get to nail an elf. Glad you changed your-ouch!" he yelps as I pinch his arm. "You're sending mixed signals, babe. Make up your mind." He's laughing now, and when I try to pinch him again, he manages to get hold of my wrists. Chris gently pulls me inside and when his eyes lock on mine, something changes. My pulse pounds too hard, too fast, and I can't breathe.

My voice comes out raspy, pleading. "This is hard enough, you know? Leaving after being here, with all this-going home to an empty apartment. Chris, I can't do it. Don't make me explain it to you."

His grip lifts to my shoulders and he squeezes. "Of course not. I'm such an a**hole. Brooke. Stay here tonight."

That was the last thing I expected him to say. My chin hits the floor and I can barely form words. "Don't-"

He doesn't let me speak. "I mean it. Stay with me. We'll watch old movies, drink eggnog, and stay up all night. I can't tell you how good it is to see you. I can't let you leave. Stay."

"I can't."

Smiling, he urges, "Don't go."

"I have to."

"Why?"

"Because you..." intimidate me. Because you make me lose my mind. Because you're you. I think all those things but can't say any of them. His grip is still on my shoulders. Part of me wants to say yes, but I'm afraid of this-of him. "I just can't."

Chris nods slowly, like he understands, and fishes my keys out of his pocket. He holds them out so they dangle by the fob. Smiling sadly, he says, "I won't make you stay, but I wish you would."

We stand perfectly still and the moment feels tangible, like it matters. The truth is that I don't want to go home. I don't want to wake up alone tomorrow morning. I don't want to wipe the tears out of my eyes because I miss my mom and I'm by myself. I don't even have a cat. There's no tree, no lights, no Christmasy anything at my place. It's weird. I thought all those things would just remind me of what I was missing, but it didn't work out that way. By refusing to celebrate, it put all the focus on my loss instead of my life.

Lowering my gaze to the floor, I leave the keys hanging between us. "Why are you being so nice to me?"

Chris takes a step closer, closing the space between us. He lifts my chin and looks into my eyes. "Because I'm crazy about you. I stood in line for three hours for a chance to say hello. I had no ride home. I ditched my friends and didn't finish my Christmas shopping. I'm going to have to wrap the dog up or my brother will have no gift tomorrow." He laughs and touches my cheek lightly. "But it was worth it, because it gave me a chance to talk to you. I never imagined that you'd be standing here tonight, that I'd get to be around you like this again. How could you not know?"

My heart slams into my ribs violently, and the way he's looking at me makes me feel lightheaded. "Not know what?"

The corners of his mouth pull up nervously, like he wants to smile, but is uncertain. There's a vulnerability in his eyes that undoes me before his gaze sweeps the carpet. His lips part like he wants to tell me something, but he closes his mouth and shakes his head, then runs his fingers through his hair and down his neck. "I don't know. It's just been a great night, that's all. It feels like old times and I don't want them to end." Chris takes my hand and uncurls my fingers, placing my keys in my palm.

Pressing my lips together, I glance up at him. "I don't want to leave."

That sexy smirk crosses his lips. "I was hoping you'd say that."

CHAPTER 8

There's a fire crackling in front of us. Chris is sitting on the couch next to me while I cradle a cup of cocoa and sip it slowly. I stare at the dancing flames, wondering if I've lost my mind. Not leaving now means that I'm staying. The snow is piling up outside and the roads are getting worse. I glance at the window again with worry twisting my gut into knots.

Chris notices and stands up after setting his cup down on the coffee table. He walks over to the tree and says, "You want to see something funny?" I nod. He twists the base so the trunk turns and the tree spins slowly. The part that faced the wall is bare. "I didn't get a chance to finish so I shoved the undecorated side into the wall."

I laugh lightly. "Slacker."

"Always. But now we have something to do until Santa comes." He winks at me and reaches for a box that's on the floor at the base of the tree. He sets it down on the table and opens the lid. "Come help me finish it. There are a few more ornaments in here and a shitload of tinsel."

He's so tactless sometimes, and I wonder if it's on purpose. Chris is always suave, constructing these wonderful sounding sentences and then throws in some jarring slang or a nasty word just to mix it up. I love it. Every time he does something like that, it's difficult not to smile. The corners of my lips tug up on their own and my bad mood evaporates.

I place my mug down and walk over, and pick up a glass ornament. It's a green ball with ivy etched into the sides. I walk toward the tree and hang it on a branch. Something deep inside twists and I don't feel the agony until the smile falls off my face. I swallow the tears, the loss, and every never-again scenario that pops into my head-basically, all the grief from losing my mom-and take another ornament.

I do it again and take a slow steady breath. Chris moves closer to me and reaches over my head, putting a plastic Santa head up high. Before he steps back, he lingers in the space and I can feel him there, wondering if he should put his hands on me and offer some comfort. He knows what's going through my head, he always has. If I didn't know better, I would have thought he saved this to make me do it with him.

The first time is the hardest. For the past few years, I let this holiday come and go. There were no decorations, no lights or tinsel. Decorating a tree next year won't be so bittersweet and the following year, it might even be nice again. But this year, right now, it's ripping out my insides.

Chris lingers and slips another ornament into my hands. He takes my fingers and helps me reach forward and loop it over a branch. The added sensation of his touch shorts out the horrible feelings and makes them collide with the strong certainty that Chris brings. My pulse pounds harder as he does it again and again. His touches linger and I can feel his breath on the side of my neck. Somehow my mood changes, and decorating a tree becomes sensual. The painful memories fade and it's just me and him, here, now. There are no ghosts, no remorse.

He hands me the last ornament and as we hang it together he whispers in my ear, "You'd make an excellent elf. I need to be careful that Santa doesn't whisk you away tonight." He laughs for a second and adds, "Between that outfit and your height, it'd be an easy mistake."

The corner of my mouth tugs up into a crooked smile. I round on him and poke a finger into his chest. "You're just jealous that this much awesome fits into one little package, especially since you're so big and lacking."

"Did you just comment on my package?"

My jaw drops and I shove his chest with my fingertips. "I did not!"

"Yes, you did. You said it was big, too. I heard you. I knew it! You want me." He closes his eyes like Cupid shot him in the head and dips his shoulders from side to side like a lovesick girl.

I take the opportunity to grab a fistful of tinsel and stuff it down his shirt. When he opens his mouth to yell at me, I shove my other hand up, too. "Eat tinsel!"

Chris laughs and swats me away, spitting out the silvery strips of plastic before reaching for me. I yelp and back away as fast as I can, but the back of my knees hit his couch. Chris rushes at me and jumps, but I manage to sidestep him. He flies across the table and lands on the couch before rolling onto the floor. We both freeze for a second. I wait for him to move. For a moment I think he's hurt until his lips curl into a smile.

"You're going to pay for that." He jumps up and lunges at me.

I screech and try to get around the table, but I'm lacking in the stealth department. He manages to grab my thigh and we tumble to the floor. Chris pins me down and has an evil look on his face as his gaze shifts to the cup of cold cocoa on the table.

"Don't you dare!" I laugh nervously, and try to twist away, but he's on top of me and way too big. I can't move.

"I don't know. You've been a little naughty Brooke." He reaches for his mug and tips it slightly but the contents don't pour out.

CHAPTER 9

Wriggling beneath him, I try to get away, but can't. "I have not! You're the one who went all pervert on me. I was just stating a fact." I laugh and try to twist, but I can't roll over and I sure can't push him up. His legs are pressing against mine, holding them in place, and he's got one hand next to my head and the other is holding the cup of cocoa.

"Yes, I heard you say it-I have a big package. Come on, let's hear you say it again." In a falsetto voice, he continues, "Chris, I like your package better than anything UPS could ever bring me." He's grinning hard, showing a dimple on his cheek that I haven't seen in forever.

"No, I'm not saying that!"

"Oh, I think you are." He tilts the mug to the side and I wiggle like a hooked worm beneath him, making the contents slosh. A drop of cocoa jumps out and spills on my throat. It's tepid, not hot, and not cold. I feel it streak across my throat and puddle behind my ear.

His eyes trace the drop of chocolate around my neck and then flick up to my face, before dipping down to the deep V of my neckline. "I bet you don't have a change of clothes, either. A wet chocolate elf sounds kind of kinky." He winks and tips the cup.

I screech, thinking that he's going to pour it on me, but he doesn't. He rights the mug and laughs. But it takes me too long to notice. Thinking I'd be covered in chocolate, I reached for the other cup. My fingers grab the handle and before he can look up, I dump the beverage on his shoulder.

Yeah, I didn't really think about the gravity thing. A waterfall of cocoa spills off of him and into my face. I wriggle and try to get free, but it's too late. There's a look in his eyes, and there's no way in hell that Chris is letting me up without dumping his drink over my head.

His blue eyes glitter with mirth. "You are an evil elf." He takes his mug and tips it, spilling the contents down the center of my throat and then lower. He makes a line of cocoa from my collarbone and empties the rest of the cup between my br**sts. I'm sopping wet, and sucking in air like I'm drowning, but it's not because of what he did. It was the way he did it. His eyes traced the movement of the dark liquid across my pale skin.

I can barely breathe as his gaze dips to my chest and lingers before returning to my face. He watches my lips and it seems like an eternity passes before he lowers his head and leans in close. His warm breath washes over my skin, and the urge to feel his lips on mine shoots through me. Neither of us is smiling, and we're both breathing hard.

Blinking slowly, Chris looks at me from under those dark lashes. His gaze flicks between my lips and my eyes before he inches closer. His chest is pressed against mine and we're both soaking wet. He hesitates. "You smell like Swiss Miss."

"So do you." I reach for him and tangle my fingers in his hair, which pulls him closer. His skin feels so warm against my palm and I can feel his heart racing. Fear surges through me as we linger, nearly lip to lip. I want to kiss him, but I don't. I want to mean something to him and I'm not sure if I do. Sucking in a shaky breath, I look away. Everything feels stuck in the moment and time doesn't move. The weight of his body against mine feels so wonderful, so warm. I wish things were different, but they're not. Chris doesn't have relationships, and nothing he's said makes me believe that he's changed.

The moment shatters and he moves to the side, sitting up on the floor next to me. Pulling his knees into his chest, Chris looks over at me. I feel his gaze on the side of my face as I sit up and offer him an awkward smile and pull my soaked shirt off my skin, and sniff. "They should make this stuff into perfume."

Chris extends his long legs and laughs. "Do you know what that would do to the world's population if women smelled like candy?"

A grin crosses my lips and I nod. "World domination. Oh yeah. I can see it now." We both laugh with the awkward tension of infatuated middle school kids. We sit facing one another, but neither of us looks up.

The fire crackles and Chris sucks in a breath and pushes up off the floor. "Well, I don't know about you, but I'd like to be warm and dry. Come on. I'll see if I have a slutty elf costume in my closet." A wry smile appears and he looks down at me and wiggles his fingers. Why does he have the ability to shock me over and over again? I sit there with my jaw springing up and down and let out a huff of air, mainly because I don't know if he's joking or not. "Suck it up Brooke."

"Wow." I put my hand in his and he yanks me up. As he pulls, I say, "Is that what you say to all the girls?"

CHAPTER 10

The words do something to him. The smile slips off his face and his grip tightens on my hand as he pulls too hard. I slam into his chest and blink, surprised by his action. His arms clamp around my waist for half a second before he releases me. Those beautiful eyes meet mine and my stomach sinks. He's mad.

"Who do you think I am? You keep saying stuff like that, like you have me all figured out, but you don't. You're the one who walked away from me after your mom died. You're the one who never looked twice at me. Is that the reason? Do you think so little of me? Do you really think that I'd be so calloused that I'd throw you away?" He's in my face, saying things that I don't want to hear. Tension lines his arms and shoulders like he wants to strangle something, but he doesn't. Chris just stands there, close enough to kiss, and madder than I've ever seen him.

Is it possible that I misjudged him? My voice quivers when it comes out, so much so that I don't sound like me. "No, don't try to flip this around. You're a player. You've always wanted-"

"I've always wanted what, Brooke? Be very careful, because the next thing you say could land your ass outside in the snow." His hands ball at his sides and he looks away, like he can't stand the sight of me.

Why is he offended? How can he act like this? "I don't understand."

"That's the smartest thing you've said all night." He sighs and runs his hands through his hair after he walks away. Chris grabs a couple of towels from a small closet and tosses them at me. "You can use the shower first."

The towels smack into me and I keep them from tumbling to the floor. Clutching them to my chest, I walk past him to the little bathroom. Why does he have to do that? Everything was fine, right up until then, and I'm not going to feel bad for saying it. It's the image he put out there. Why is it my fault for believing him? Screw that. He can go have PMS by himself. I clean up and wrap myself in a towel. The room is steamy from all the hot water and the thought of hiding in there forever sounds really appealing.

I don't understand him. How can he be offended? And I have looked twice at him. I have thought about him, and wished for way more than any sane girl would possibly hope for, because he's Chris. The idea of dealing with another loss right now is too much and that's what will happen. I'm not stupid and I don't want to hear that Last Christmas song next year and feel like an idiot. Because that would be the biggest mistake I could make-telling him that I care about him, that I always have. Caving in and letting him kiss me would be so nice, but so far from sane that I can't comprehend the outcome.

I swipe my hand across the mirror, but it fogs again almost instantly. This isn't the way I wanted to spend tonight, resisting attraction until we're both crazy. I should leave, but the snow has only gotten worse since we got here.

There's a knock and I hear his voice. "I have sweats for you."

I open the door a crack and he shoves them through. "Thank you."

"No problem."

He hands me a pair of gray sweats and leaves me to change. I hold them to my face and inhale deeply knowing that they smell like him. I stand there like that way too long, wishing for things that I shouldn't want. When I leave the bathroom, Chris slips into the shower, and I head over to the couch. He's already mopped up the spilled drinks. I flick through channels, but nothing takes my mind off of Chris and the hurt look on his face.

When he emerges from the shower, his dark hair is tousled and wet. He's wearing sweatpants, and nothing else. His toned chest has perfectly defined abs that look totally lickable. The thought shocks me, because I don't think things like that, but holy hell.

"I've got to get to sleep. Long day. Just let me grab a blanket and pillow. You can take my bed." He disappears into his bedroom before I can say anything. I pad barefoot, following after him, wanting to fix things, but I don't know how.

Chris's bedroom is gray with a queen bed topped with a snowman quilt. It makes me laugh. He looks over his shoulder at me as he grabs one of the pillows. "The bedspread? Yeah, compliments of my mom." It seems like he's going to say more, but he doesn't. His serious look calms his features, and he reaches for the blanket at the foot of the bed. "Good night, Brooke. Merry Christmas."

Chris is about to walk past me. I have to do something. I can't let tonight end this way. He was so happy and I shot it all to hell. I'm not bold, brave, or anything else, but tonight I manage. Just as he's about to pass me, I step in front of him. There's an armful of fluffy crap between us.

My gaze fixates on that because it's too hard to look into his eyes. "I'm sorry I said that before. The truth is," why is it so hard to say? I feel the words stuck at the back of my throat, but I can't make my mouth move. I glance up at him and try again. "The truth is that something about you scares me."

His head tips to the side slightly and his stern features soften. The death grip he has on his blankets loosens and he closes his eyes for half a second before tossing the stuff back onto his bed. "So, then, let's have it." He holds up both hands and waves his fingertips toward his chest. "Dish it out, Brooke, and let's just get this over with."

"What?"

Annoyance flashes in his eyes and drips from his voice. "Just tell me why I'm not good enough for you-why you don't want-"

I have no idea what he's going to say, but his words are all wrong and I don't have any of my own. I can't tell him how much he means to me or why. It's all been bottled up inside me forever, so I step toward him and stop thinking. I don't think about what will happen next, if he'll laugh and push me away, or if he cares about me. I care about him. I love him and I want him to know it. The time for hiding is over.

Before he can finish his sentence, I press my lips to his. For a heart pounding second, there's no noise, only his perfect mouth on mine. My heart slams into my ribs as someone sucks all the air from my lungs. Every muscle in my body is filled with tension, fearful of the rejection to come. But in that moment, I finally get to know what it feels like to taste his lips and feel his warmth. Part of me is so content, but the sane part is frightened like a chinchilla skittering across the freeway. The only way to finish this is to go straight through the lanes and if I get hit by a truck, so be it.

I can visualize the eighteen wheeler that's going to crush me when he pulls away. The moment breaks because he doesn't kiss me back. Shaking, I pull away and avert my eyes. I try to explain, "I do want you. I'm sorry I ever made you feel like I didn't. I don't..." Oh shit, my throat is tightening fast and warm wet tears are filling my eyes. "I didn't mean to..."

He's not moved or said a word, but I can feel his eyes on me. The apathy, the utter indifference is harder to stomach than rejection. Fuck it. I'm leaving. I don't care if I have to room with a snowman on the parkway, I can't stay here. I dart past him, making a beeline for the door, grabbing my purse as I go.

Just when I grab the knob and pull the door open, Chris is there, towering over me. He slaps the door shut and a blast of snow and freezing air races past my bare feet. I don't look up. I can't.

His voice fills my ears, but there's a mental wall in place because I can't weather what he's about to say. "Brooke?" The question in his voice catches me by surprise and before I know what I'm doing, I look up at him. "You like me?" It's such a simple question and there's so much shock in his voice.

"Of course I like you."

"You mean, you like me, like me?" His uncertainty is cute.

"I've always liked you, liked you. I kissed you. You didn't kiss me back. My mistake. Sorry. It won't happen again." Because you won't see me again.

CHAPTER 11

I twist the knob, but Chris throws himself into the door.

He's looking down at me like he can't believe it. I might as well be Santa. "You're not leaving."

I want to cry. My voice is lost somewhere between a squeaking sound and a hiccup. "I can't stay. Chris, I'm sorry."

Gently, he takes my face in his palms and uses his thumb to wipe away a tear. "Stay with me." He leans in and presses his lips to mine, softly, lightly.

"I can't," I breathe and he does it again. His lips brush against mine and my mind evacuates my skull. My eyelids become heavy and I find myself watching him through lashes, trying to think of reasons to leave. He's kissing me. Oh God...

"Stay." His lips press to my cheek this time and the sensation is heaven. My hands find his waist and linger at the top of his sweats, right by his beautiful bare skin. I long to feel him under my palms, and slip my hands over his chest, but I don't. I shouldn't. Not because I don't want him. It's so much more than that.

My voice is a whisper. "I should go."

Removing his mouth from my cheek, Chris looks me in the eye before offering languishing kisses on the other side. "You should stay." His breath drifts across my skin and I feel my head tipping to the side.

Raw fear flutters in my stomach. What if I lose him? Can I tolerate it? Can I survive something that devastating? No no no, a small voice whispers at the back of my mind and then it's snuffed out like a candle in the wind. "But..."

Chris lifts his head to look me in the eye. He strokes my cheek with the back of his hand, softly caressing me. Watching from under dark lashes, he says, "No buts. No regrets. Not this time. Say you want me. Tell me that I matter to you." His last sentence lacks the normal confidence he has. How could he not know how I feel about him?

Then it hits me. I'm the one who left last time. I'm the one who ditched him without a backwards glance, but it wasn't because I didn't care about him. I have no words. My mouth hangs open as I try to tell him, but words don't form.

No regrets. I can't imagine that life. For once I'm bold, but it's only on the inside. My eyes stay glued to the floor as I speak. "Of course you matter to me. You matter so much that I'm afraid of what will happen to me if I lose you. I'm a neurotic mess, Chris. I'm not worth your time or affection. The truth is-I'm crazy about you. I always have been."

By the time I finish, I can barely breathe. Did I seriously just say that? I must have, because he scoops me up in his arms and spins in a circle, laughing. When he stops, he puts his forehead against mine. Looking into my eyes, he smiles brighter and more beautiful than I've ever seen. "That was the best Christmas present I've ever gotten."

"Really?"

"Yes, by far." He carries me back to the bed and sets me down on top of the snowman blanket. "Stay. I want you here. I want you so much it hurts."

I can't help it. I smile back. "I'll stay." When he sits next to me on the bed, I wrap my arms around his shoulders and pull him back into the pillows.

He wraps his arms around my waist and gives me a slow kiss, the kind that makes your head spin and your heart pound. Every inch of me is electrified, craving his touch. Chris's hands slide up and down my sides and he pulls me to him. I can feel the warmth from his skin soak through my clothes. The room is much cooler than by the fireplace. We both crawl under the comforter and he pulls me to his chest. My body is plastered against his seductively smooth skin.

I want to touch his muscles and feel the dips and shapes of his body, but before I can do that his lips are crashing down on mine. I'm breathless, laying in his arms, kissing him like I can't stop. And I don't want to. Chris's hands move up and down my sides, feeling the curve of my waist and hips. I'm floating, savoring this second, and losing myself in his arms.

His hot mouth trails down my neck, over my shirt, and when he looks up at me, he smiles. "I think you have on too many clothes. They're detrimental to me kissing you properly."

"And you intend to kiss me properly?"

"I intend to show you exactly how much I've missed you, kiss by kiss. All night long." His lips curve into a sinful smile.

A girlish giggle, which is totally unlike me, slips out. Chris raises his eyebrows and says, "I wonder what other cute noises you make."

"There's only one way to find out."

"All you had to do was ask." He winks at me and the night continues on like that in whispered tones, and sultry touches until we're both spent with sleepy smiles on our faces.

CHAPTER 12

It feels like a dream, but I'm awake. Chris has his fingers intertwined with mine and is pulling me up the steps of his mother's house. I've been here before, but it's been a long time. Nervous butterflies fill my stomach and I kind of hope that I'll slip on a patch of ice and break my leg. I'd rather spend Christmas dinner in the emergency room. That's less frightening than facing whatever Chris's family is going to think about me and him together.

I pull on him, "Chris, I can't do this. What if they-?"

He doesn't let me finish. "They adore you and I already told them that you were coming. You can't back out now. Come on." Chris doesn't ring the bell. He pulls open the door and we walk inside, hand in hand. He smiles and laughs when his brothers see him. "Look who I found!"

"Brooke!" Matthew, his older brother greets me and pulls me inside. The barrage of scents hits me hard, and when I see the food on the table I drool a little.

"Matt, hey."

He holds out his hand and then pulls me into a hug. "It's about time!"

Chris laughs and yanks me away. We head toward the kitchen and find his parents and the rest of his family. They pass me around, hugging me, and saying the same thing as Matt. Confusion covers my face. I glance at Chris, but he won't hold my gaze. It's a worried glance, like he knows what they're thinking and is worried about what I'll think.

When we sit down for dinner, Chris is next to me. Before we start eating his mother looks up and down the table. She takes her husband's hand and beams at me. "I'm so glad you're here."

"Thank you for having me." I feel awkward. Everyone is looking at me with a weird expression. Matt can't stop grinning at me and his Dad looks proud. Seriously, what the hell? Meanwhile, his mother is smiling at me like I'm their long lost daughter or something. It's freaking weird and the silence doesn't help any. No one eats. They just sit there staring at me with those goofy expressions.

Chris sighs and slumps back in his chair. Covering his face with his hands, he grumbles, "Dear God. Just say it."

They're going to drop a bomb and Chris just gave them the go ahead. Nervously, I twist in my seat. For a second I think about running away. The door isn't far, and I'm pretty sure I could run out the front door before anyone would catch me.

Matt looks at me and laughs. "Don't even think about it." Bastard. How'd he know? As if he can read my mind, he answers, "You glanced toward the door too many times."

Chris's mother cuts Matt off. "It's just that we're so happy to see you and Chris together. He was always fond of you."

Smiling, I look up and down the table. I can't believe it. My eyes are a little too wide when I speak. "Fond?"

"Yes, dear."

Matt jumps in again, "More like obsessed with all things Brooke. The guy hasn't dated in years. If he couldn't have Brooke, he didn't want-" Matt makes an oof noise as Chris elbows him in the ribs.

"Don't make me kill you." Chris hisses under his breath and looks positively bashful.

I scoot forward and grab the table cloth. "Wait a second, what are you saying?"

"He's adored you for years." His mom smiles at me and then hands carving utensils to her husband. "When you were gone, he just wasn't the same, and now here you are and it's like we have Christopher back. I mean, look at that smile. Doesn't it make you melt?" She presses her hand to her heart.

Chris glances over at me. "Major crush."

"Half a decade. Yeah, I'd say so." Matt moves before Chris can smack him.

When Chris looks back at me, he's worried. "I already told you, but you seemed to think something else."

"I thought you-" My jaw drops and I don't know what to say. It takes me a second. I press my lips together and ignore the stinging in my eyes. "You've been alone all this time?" He nods. "Because you wanted me?" He nods again, which triggers the most horrific reaction.

All of a sudden I gasp-wail. It sounds like someone is ripping the legs off a cat. My hands slap over my mouth and I get up and fly from the table and race outside.

CHAPTER 13

Tears sting my eyes and I can't stop gasping. Chris grabs my shoulders when he reaches me in the middle of his front yard. I'm holding my face and my stomach. I don't know what the hell is wrong with me. I'm laughing and crying. There's snot, giggles, and tears. It's the ugliest thing ever and yet, Chris stands there watching me like I'm the most beautiful woman he's ever seen.

"Well, if I knew you'd react like this..." he grins and steps toward me. I punch his arm lightly and nearly fall over. Chris grabs me and pulls me into his arms, crushing me against his chest. "I told you how I felt."

"I never noticed. How did they realize how you felt, but I didn't?"

"Well, back then I didn't exactly let you know, and when you left, it was like part of me died. They all noticed. You light me up, Brooke. You always have." He pulls back and holds up a little box wrapped with a white bow.

I smile nervously and stare at the little box in his hands. "What's this?"

"Your Christmas present."

"When did you have time to get me something?" My bottom lip wants to poke out, but I suck it in. He got me a gift?

He nods slowly with a half-smile on his face. "I got it for you a long time ago. I was waiting for the perfect opportunity to give it to you. I waited too long and almost missed my chance."

Reaching out slowly, I take the box from his hands and suck in a shaky breath. I can't imagine what's inside this thing and so my mind runs away with me. A lump forms in my throat because I don't have a present for him. I pull off the bow and rip open the paper as the cold air makes me shiver. Chris steps closer to me, wrapping his arms around my waist. His breath turns white in the frosty air.

After all the paper is removed, I'm holding a black velvet box. Slowly, I open the lid and look inside. I don't like jewelry, so I can't imagine what he got me. Something glitters and catches my eye. I blink. For a second, I don't understand what I'm seeing, then I get it. A laugh tickles my tummy and I close the lid, and glance up at Chris. "What is this?"

He takes the box from my hands and opens it again. Lifting the necklace from the velvet case, he explains, "I knew you were going to have hard times ahead of you and I wasn't sure what you needed, so I got you everything I could think of and stuck them on a charm necklace."

He places the charm holder in my palm and points at the little golden objects. His finger presses against a cross. "This one is for faith, and this one is for hope." He points to a daisy, and then to a four leaf clover, "And this one is for luck, because God knows you needed some." I elbow him lightly and he laughs. "Well, you did. This one here, is for strength" he flicks an object that resembles a rock, and goes on explaining which symbol means what and why he bought it, until I see it-a little frog.

Pointing at it, I ask, "What's this one for?"

Chris doesn't look up. His head remains bowed to the glittery objects in my hand. "To remind you that I'm always here for you, Brooke."

My eyes flick up to his face. I try not laugh because it's not one of those cute frogs with the googlie eyes. It's an ugly toad with warts and a big mean mouth. "Wait a second, you're the gross frog?"

He nods, but doesn't meet my gaze. "Yeah, I was cursed. I fell madly in love and never got the kiss to set me free." He glances up at me and those blue eyes make me forget everything else. "I've always loved you, Brooke."

My throat tightens and there are no words, just a rush of emotions that confound my mind. My mouth opens like I'm going to say something, but all I can do is gasp. Chris presses his finger to my lower lip. His eyes follow the movement before looking back up at me. "I'm yours, body, mind, and soul. I always have been. I always will be." Dipping his head, he leans in and kisses me as his arms wrap tightly around my waist.

When he's done, he leans his forehead against mine and smiles. "I love you."

"I love you, too, Chris. I can't believe you felt like that about me. I-" My jaw hangs open as I try to express how I feel, because I love him too. I didn't realize that I could feel like this, and now that he's here, I never want him to leave.

Chris leans in and kisses me again, which makes me smile. "Believe it. Christmas is a time for miracles and I was given the best gift I could possibly imagine-you, my perfect present." He smiles hard and kisses me again.

