CHAPTER 1

CORNER CAFE

Jack sat in the coffee shop, drumming his fingers against the counter. His coffee rested half-empty next to him, a vestige of the mad after-class rush that wore on his nerves.

He was thankful for the reprieve, so he could chill and listen to the underground Seattle rock music he favored. There was a pretty new band that he liked even if they were small and local and no one else had heard of them before. Maybe one day, they would get picked up and be popular, but he kind of hoped not. He'd prefer to keep their sound original and not have them sell out

He was just ready to get off work. He had a few more hours left to deal with customers, and then he was planning to grab a beer and watch last weekend's college football games with Seth. He had some intro accounting homework to wrestle with, but after the day he'd had, that was the last thing on his mind.

"Large coffee, please," someone said, breaking him out of his thoughts.

"Yeah, coming right up," he said, turning around to complete the order. "Cream or sugar?"

"No, thank you," she said, her voice tentative.

Jack glanced over his shoulder, a smirk crossing his face. He quickly tried to school his features into order as he turned around. It was that girl again. Almost every day he'd worked recently, she had been here, studying at a table adjacent to the counter.

He didn't know who she was. It didn't seem right to ask while he was working, and he hadn't found a way to bring it up during the short conversations they had when she ordered her coffee-always a large, always black. She might actually drink more coffee than him, which was a feat, considering he worked here.

"Here you go," Jack said, setting the steaming cup on the counter.

The girl was wearing soft pink lip gloss, accentuating her full lips, as she smiled up at him beneath thick black lashes. Under those lashes were deep, dark chocolate brown eyes as big as saucers that made him feel like he was sinking through quicksand. Her curly brown hair cascaded out around her shoulders and over the curves of her br**sts, giving her a wild look.

He felt his c*ck twitch and leaned forward on the counter. He sure as hell didn't want anyone to notice his reaction. Christ, he was at work!

"Thanks," she said, handing him her credit card.

He promptly swiped it and handed it back to her along with a receipt.

She smiled up at him once more, a big grin showing all her teeth, like she had remembered her confidence after all. She quickly turned around and headed to her table where she immediately removed stacks and stacks of papers.

Blowing out a breath, Jack straightened and adjusted himself. Maybe he shouldn't get her name.

He fished his phone out of his pocket and hid it behind the register. His manager didn't like employees to be on their phones, but she wasn't in today. If he didn't have any customers, then he didn't see why it was a big deal.

He sighed when he saw that he had missed a text message from his girlfriend, Danielle.

Hey! Really missing you right now. Ugh, I wish I would have transferred in, but now, it's too late...

Ugh was right. He was really glad she hadn't transferred.

Since school had started a couple weeks ago, Danielle was hovering even more than normal. Somehow, they had survived freshman year with her attending community college in Savannah while he was in Athens. He knew he had kind of been an ass to her lately, but they had been dating forever, so Danielle was used to it.

Then came the summer. This summer had been brutal. He wasn't used to her being around all the time anymore. He wasn't used to her being in his space, taking up all his time, and forcing herself into everything he did. He had just forgotten what it was like to have a girlfriend around.

Seth had made fun of him all summer about it. Seth's affectionate term for him was p**sy-whipped. He could take Seth's jokes when they were alone, but when Seth would say it around Danielle, Jack would get in a few good punches. Danielle thought it was cute and funny, and Jack thought it sounded like a slow, painful death.

After a summer of agonizing torture, he had really thought it was over. He couldn't take it anymore. Two weeks before school started, he had tried to break up with her, but she had looked at him with her coy smile and determined gaze right before she dropped down to her knees. How could he even argue with that?

Since then, that had pretty much been the staple of their relationship-Jack thinking he wanted to break up with her, and Danielle convincing him rather thoroughly that he didn't.

Still, he had moved back to Athens with Seth the first weekend he could. He was ready to have his own life back. Yeah, he probably should have manned up and just told her to f**k off, but it wasn't like he was getting it from anywhere else right now. Plus, he had the benefit of being four hours away from her. Maybe he would do it over fall break...or sometime when he knew he wouldn't be going home for a long time.

He ignored the message from Danielle. He might call her later or something-if he remembered.

As Jack rang up the next customer, he found his eyes drifting to that girl again. She had a friend with her, which was new. With a bleached out pixie cut and tight-ass pants, she was cute, but not hot like her friend. The new girl kept looking up in his direction, her br**sts falling out of her low-cut top. Jack quickly turned away, not wanting to draw unnecessary attention, but he could still feel her eyes on him.

His phone beeped again, and he groaned, wondering when the messages would ever stop.

Can we Skype tonight? I'm really missing you. ;)

Oh, how the wink face wasn't necessary.

"You busy there?" someone chirped happily.

Jack hastily put his phone away and stared up at the blonde girl with the big tits. Seriously, if her shirt were any lower, he would be able to see her n**ples. Did she expect him to look at her face?

"How can I help you?" Jack asked.

The girl leaned forward on the counter as if he couldn't already see straight down her shirt.

"I'd like a caramel macchiato with a double shot of espresso and lots of whipped cream," she said in a seductive tone.

"Sure thing," Jack replied, turning away from the overly flirtatious girl to make her drink.

"So...what are you doing tonight?" the girl asked.

Jack sighed. In a way, he had expected it. Before this job, he hadn't known girls could actually be assertive enough to ask him out point-blank like that. He had always been polite about it, but they had never been his type, not that he really had a type. Blonde, blue eyes, nice ass, put together-that was Danielle. He didn't know if it was a type, but none of the girls who had approached him were ever it.

"Ah, you know, just hanging out with friends," Jack said with a shrug, trying for nonchalance.

He placed the drink on the counter in front of her as she slid a purple slip of paper toward him.

"Do you see my friend over there?" she asked, nodding her head in the girl's direction.

Jack glanced over at the girl. Her head was buried in her books like she might never look up again. She was chewing on her bottom lip and pushing a lock of hair behind her ear reflexively before it fell back into her face again.

"She's coming to this concert tonight." The blonde pushed the paper into his hands.

Glancing down at it, Jack saw that it was an advertisement for a show at the Theatre. He had never heard of the group, but they were described as an original DJ-rap duo. Not really his thing.

"And?" He was waiting for the kicker.

"You should be there," the girl said, raising her eyebrows.

He folded the paper. "I'll think about it."

"If you're smart, you'll show." She straightened abruptly and took her drink. "Thanks for the coffee." The girl winked at him before she departed.

That hadn't gone as expected. Jack was surprised that he had been wrong. Nonetheless, he was glad he didn't have to turn the blonde girl down. It tended to hurt business.

Jack's eyes fell to the purple flyer in his hand. He knew he was a sucker for even contemplating the possibility of meeting her. Really, what could he accomplish by following those big brown eyes anywhere? He had been dating Danielle for three years now, and though he kept saying he was going to break up with her, he didn't really even believe himself.

He took one last look at the girl seated at the table across from him. When he stared her, he felt that same stirring in his body that he'd had when she had been at the counter. He didn't know what it was. She was hot, but it was more than that. It was just something about her.

Fuck. He was going to that concert.

CHAPTER 2

THAT GIRL

"You want us to go to what?" Seth asked, leaning back in the dingy brown recliner and reaching out for his beer.

"There's a concert at the Theatre tonight." Jack ran his hand back through his dark hair as he waited for some smartass comment from his best friend. He knew it was coming.

"Dude, no one goes to the Theatre in the middle of the week unless they're chasing townie p**sy. I don't recommend it," Seth said, wrinkling his nose.

"You're such an a**hole." Jack shook his head and plopped down on the couch. "You know that, right?"

"That's why the ladies love me." Seth raised his eyebrows suggestively.

"You're delusional."

Seth chugged the rest of his beer, set the empty aluminum can on the table, and belched. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and smiled at Jack.

"Seriously, how do the girls resist you?" Jack asked sarcastically.

"Can't keep them off me."

Jack hated to admit how true that was. His friend had the weirdest game Jack had ever seen. It was like the less Seth tried, the more girls threw themselves at him. Since they had started college together, Jack couldn't remember a single time when Seth didn't have at least two or three girls around the apartment, vying for his attention.

"So, why do you really want to go to the Theatre?" Seth asked, returning his attention to the football game on the screen.

Jack was silent for a minute. It wasn't that he couldn't tell Seth about the hot girl he had seen at work. He had told Seth about hundreds of hot girls he'd met while working. He didn't know why he wanted to hide it, especially after just asking Seth to go to the concert with him. It just...something about this felt different. Why was he making a big deal out of this? After all, it was just a girl, and it was just a concert.

"I was invited." Jack took out the purple piece of paper from his pocket and unfolded it before handing it to Seth.

He looked at it briefly and scoffed. "DJ-rap duo Nick and Neal? Dude, are you serious right now?"

"What the f**k else do you have better to do besides work on finishing off that case of beer?"

"Anything sounds better. I don't have time for wannabe rappers when I have free booze sitting at home."

"If it's any consolation, a blonde with huge tits gave this to me," Jack said.

Seth's ears perked up. "Now I'm listening."

Jack chuckled to himself and grabbed the paper. "She and her friend are going to the show, and she gave me the paper while leaning against the counter and showed me her n**ples."

Seth walked into the kitchen and grabbed another beer. "Wait, are you into her? Because you know how I love girls who show off their n**ples in the middle of the day," Seth called out.

"She's all yours," Jack offered. He hoped he sounded generous and not just like he was giving in too easily.

Seth crashed back into the recliner, tossed Jack a beer, which was caught in midair with one hand, and then he popped open his own.

"So, it's the other girl then," Seth said intuitively.

Damn! Seth knew him too well. Even when he tried, Jack couldn't hide anything from Seth. That was the problem with staying friends with people Jack had known all his life. Sometimes, he thought Seth knew him better than he knew himself.

"I mean, she's hot," he said casually.

Seth stopped mid-drink and set his beer down. "Whoa."

"What?"

"I don't know, dude," he said, staring at Jack. "First, you hesitated, which means she drew your attention. Most girls really don't for some reason. Second, you answered me like you didn't care, which immediately makes me think you do. So, who is this chick?"

Jack shrugged and turned away. "Just a girl who comes into the coffee house. I don't know her name or anything."

"Dude, you've got it bad."

"Fuck off. You don't know what you're talking about," Jack said gruffly.

"Remember when you first started dating Danielle, and I told you it was a terrible f**king idea?"

Jack slung his arm across the back of the sofa and threw his head into the cushion. He knew where this was going.

"Well, it was a terrible f**king idea. She's a f**king doormat. I mean, I didn't blame you for getting laid all the time in high school, but now, you can get way better ass than that, man," Seth said. He shook his head like he couldn't believe that Jack was still with Danielle.

"Whatever."

Great comeback.

"I'm totally going to this concert with you, and I'm bringing the guys," Seth said with a crooked smile. "I hope you f**k her until your dick falls off."

CHAPTER 3

THE THEATRE

The guy sitting behind the desk was about as townie as it came in this city. He was tall and lanky. No, he was more like skinny or even scrawny. Jack was sure the guy had never heard of a gym before. He had tattoos running up and down his arms and peeking out from beneath his perfectly rumpled ironic T-shirt. Jack liked to keep his hair long enough to fall into his eyes, but this guy's hair was just too long and stringy. Hygiene was lacking all around.

"ID?" The guy thrust out his hand while looking at Jack in disdain.

At least the feeling was mutual.

Jack handed him his fake ID, which was a duplicate of a friend of his. He didn't think it looked much like him, but in Athens, it didn't matter. If it said he was twenty-one, and it wasn't just a flimsy piece of paper, then no one gave a shit.

"Great," the guy said. He barely glanced at it before handing it back to Jack. He placed a giant black turtle stamp on Jack's hand and let him pass.

Jack pulled open the door to the Theatre and walked into the music venue. The room was cool as if to make up for the Georgia heat, and he was glad he had worn his dark jeans and black button-up with the sleeves rolled to three-quarter length. His trusty navy Chuck Taylor's were on his feet.

His roommates, Seth, Luke, and Michael, had come with him to the show. The conversation to get all his roommates to come out with him had been about as embarrassing as Seth could manage, and he had a talent in such things. His friends, Clark and Hunter, had been over to witness the spectacle, too. None of them liked Danielle, and they were more than happy to help Jack find someone else, so he would grow some balls and dump her. Clark was the only one who had been hesitant, but peer pressure had won him over in the end. Clark and Hunter were going to meet them out for drinks later since they had an intramural soccer game.

"So, which one is she?" Seth asked as he walked in behind Jack.

Jack made a quick sweep of the room. "I don't see her," he said.

He had only been here a handful of times to see some pretty popular bands or to catch a couple local bands that had a strong following in Athens. Last October, he and all the guys had come here for a Halloween blowout full of angels, devils, cowgirls, and every other variety of slutty costume imaginable. People were crushed wall-to-wall while a DJ blared club music. This was nothing like that. The venue was actually quite sad on a weekday.

About two-dozen people were standing in the center of the room, bobbing up and down to the college rap music some guy was spitting into the microphone. A handful of townies sat around the perimeter of the room on cheap couches and bar stools, drinking PBR, and ignoring the music.

And then, there she was. She was wearing a short black dress and heels that accentuated her toned legs and butt. Jack had only ever seen her in the outfits she wore to study in at the coffee shop, which usually consisted of a loose T-shirt and jeans. She had gone from hot to off the charts in that dress.

"That one," Jack said, gesturing to the girl.

"And she's not even blonde," Seth said elbowing Jack in the side.

"Ha-ha," he responded dryly.

"I'd f**k her," Seth said with a shrug.

"You'd f**k anything."

"Yeah. Anything that hot."

"That's the girl with the big tits." Jack pointed out the girl who was jamming out to the music at the front of the stage.

"She's actually into this music?" Seth looked contemptuous about the girl's lack of taste. "I'm going to pass. If Chasity is working at Chamber, I'll see if she'll give me a bl*w j*b in the bathroom."

"Good luck with that."

"Anyway, go talk to your girl. I'll take the guys to the bar." Seth walked away with the rest of their entourage, leaving Jack alone to determine his course of action.

She was here, swinging her h*ps side to side as if in invitation. Her lips were moving along with the music, and he could see the shine of that damn pink lip gloss teasing him from a distance. He had come to the show with the intention of meeting that girl. He was too committed to back out now.

Taking a deep breath, Jack walked across the empty room and stood next to the girl. She was so enthralled with the music that she didn't even notice him. Her eyes were glued to the duet on stage, and she was yelling out all the words she knew.

"You're not bad. Maybe you should show them how it's done," Jack said, leaning over to her.

When she giggled, her curls bounced all around her face. One strand was stuck to her pink lip gloss, and he had to fight back the urge to brush it away. What had gotten into him?

The girl turned toward him, and the look of shock on her face was about as obvious as her friend's flirtation had been earlier that day. She tried to recover, and damn, was it cute to watch her try.

"You think so?"

"Honestly, no," Jack teased.

She was good, but he kind of liked to see her all flustered.

"Well, thanks. I'm very offended right now."

Her hand fell to her heart as if she was wounded, and Jack took the opportunity to let his eyes drop to her chest. Yeah, she had a pretty nice rack.

"So...do I know you or do you always just insult people when you first meet them?" she asked.

He snapped his eyes back to her face. He could drown in those dark eyes.

She was so tiny that he had to bend down to avoid yelling over the music. He cleared his throat softly before he responded. "I think you study at the coffee shop where I work."

He breathed the smell of her in. How did girls always smell so good? He didn't even know how to describe it, except that it could have been edible.

"I think you might be right." She shot him a smile that could kill.

She removed the tiny piece of hair still stuck to her pink lip gloss and then tucked the loose strand behind her ear. They never broke eye contact, and he wondered if she knew what she was doing to him.

"Are you much into college boy rap?" she asked abruptly.

He laughed at the turn in conversation. "No, not really, but this guy's not bad. Is he a friend of yours?"

"Yeah, he lives in my dorm."

So, she was a freshman. He wouldn't have guessed that. Something about her confidence and the sexuality she exuded had made him think that she was his age or older, not that he minded the age difference in the slightest.

"Nice. Those guys over there." Jack pointed at the bar where his roommates were sitting. "They lived on my hall last year in the dorms. Which one are you in?"

"Um...Russell."

"That's where we were. Fifth floor east. You?"

"Five north," she told him.

Fuck. If she were a year older, they would have lived on the same floor together.

"Small world."

"Yeah, it is," she said, tucking another lock of hair behind her ear. "How exactly did you hear about the band? I mean, if you don't really listen to the music."

Jack reached into his back pocket and pulled out the folded piece of paper. "I believe a friend of yours gave this to me." He pointed the girl out in the crowd.

Her eyes were brimming with happiness as she became all giggly. "Well, yeah, that's Olivia for you," she said, shrugging. "Oh, I'm Lexi, by the way." She extended her hand to him.

"Lexi...hmm...I like that," he said, taking her outstretched hand firmly in his. "Jack. It's nice to meet you."

Jack let the silence stretch between them as all hope of conversation died with the increasing volume of the hip-hop beats. When the duo's set ended, everyone started to leave the venue. Lexi filed out of the room with the rest of her friends, and he followed. He caught Seth's eye and nodded his head toward the door.

They made it outside and past the townie that had stamped his hand. As Lexi's friends all turned and started walking to the backstage door, she stood with Jack off to the side and waited. His friends stood on the sidewalk a short distance away.

Now, he had to figure out what the f**k he was going to do. The show was over. He knew her name. Wasn't that all he had come for?

Her friend, Olivia, exited last. She was swaying on her feet, humming loudly to herself. "Hey, sweetie." She kissed Lexi on the cheek, and without another word, she stumbled along after the rest of the group.

"I guess she's a bit drunk," Lexi said to him.

"A bit?" he questioned with a smirk. "Hold on one second." Jack walked over to his friends standing in a clump on the sidewalk. "Hey guys, I'll meet you at Chamber. I think Chasity said she was working."

Seth winked at him, and the other guys chuckled like they thought he might bang the girl right then and there. They departed down the street, happily leaving him alone with Lexi.

When he turned back to Lexi, she was glancing around the corner toward her friends. "I'm not sure what my friends are doing. But by the look of things, I'm going to have to carry half of them home."

Even in her high heels she was more than a handsbreadth shorter than him. It would have been interesting to see her try.

"I should go catch up with them before they get into any trouble."

He didn't know if she was actually interested and playing it off or if she was just ready to be rid of him.

"My friends are probably lost without me, too," Jack said. It surprised him that he wasn't ready for her to leave.

"Are you working tomorrow?" she asked.

"Are you studying tomorrow?"

"Yeah."

"Then, I should be there."

"Guess I'll see you there."

"Sounds good," he said, knowing she was going to leave and he wouldn't see her again until the next time he worked.

She turned and started down the alley.

He should let her leave. He should. Honestly, he really, really should.

What good could come from him stopping her? He had a girlfriend back at home. Sure, he could become friends with Lexi. She could hang out with Seth and the guys. Maybe even meet Danielle sometime. That might be feasible...maybe.

He knew that letting her go was the smart thing to do. If he wanted anything from this, then he needed to be smart about it. Leave her alone...watch her walk away...figure things out with Danielle...

That was what he should have done.

But he couldn't.

They got along, and they had some kind of connection. He would be an idiot to not do anything about it. Even if absolutely nothing came from it and they just became friends that would be okay with him. Her leaving without him knowing if he would ever see her again...that wasn't okay with him. He couldn't see that ever being okay with him.

"Lexi!" Jack called, jogging down the street to catch up with her.

She turned to face him, those big brown eyes swallowing him whole. He had to see her again.

"I know you have to study tomorrow, but what are you doing Friday?"

She didn't respond right away, as she seemed to be thinking about her schedule. He waited impatiently, wondering what she could be doing.

"I don't have any plans," she finally responded.

Jack blew out a breath. Good. "Do you want to hang out?"

Lexi nodded. "I thought you'd never ask."

CHAPTER 4

THE DATE

He should call the whole thing off.

Jack stared down at his phone, wavering back and forth. He knew that if he broke off the date right before the event, he would look like a total dick. Not a good first impression. But if he didn't call it off and it ended up being a real date...then he'd feel even more like a dick.

In the end, it was this backward way of arguing with himself that led to his decision. If he were going to look like a dick either way, then he would rather spend time with Lexi. He was probably overanalyzing this anyway. This probably wasn't even a date.

Seth, Luke, and Michael had left to pick up Hunter and Clark. Jack knew that Seth was trying to get out of his hair. Despite the fact that he and Seth had gone to dozens of parties, bought drinks for girls, and then danced and flirted, Jack had never done anything like this before. There was always a point where he was like...well, time to get back to Danielle. Seth would bring a girl or two home, and Jack would go to bed alone. There wasn't even a moment when he'd thought it would be any other way. He was pretty sure that Seth believed that would change tonight, so he had left Jack alone.

Jack was happy for the reprieve, but he couldn't let anything happen.

"Fuck it." He shook his head and shoved his phone in his pocket.

He had already made up his mind. He wasn't going to go back on it.

Jack walked out to his car and revved the engine. He shot off a text message to Lexi, saying he was on the way. He didn't live too far from the dorms, so it was a quick commute. Soon enough, he was driving up to the front of Russell Hall. He pulled over, turned on his hazard lights, and called Lexi to let her know he was here.

She answered on the second ring. "Hello?"

"Hey, do you want me to come upstairs?" Jack asked.

"Nah. No point in making you try to get past security. I'll be right down."

Jack hung up the phone and waited for her to leave the dorm. A few minutes later, he saw a girl racing down the steep hill to where his car was parked. Her dark hair had been tamed and slicked back into a high ponytail. Her curls bounced up and down as she jogged down the hill. She looked great in dark skinny jeans and a green tank top that hugged her in all the right places.

She reached his car, opened the door, and slid into the black leather seat. He stared at her just long enough to see that she had on that same damn pink lip gloss. For a split second, he wanted to lean over and kiss those plump lips, but then he recovered himself. Letting off the clutch, he flew down the road.

Jack took a breath, already relaxing in her presence. All the anxiety from worrying about whether or not this was the right idea fell away from him.

"So, where are we going?" Lexi asked.

She leaned back into the seat as he took a turn.

"It's a surprise."

"Hmm...I like surprises."

"I thought you might." Jack glanced at her briefly, taking in her slight smile.

He put his iPod on shuffle, and John Mayer's acoustic cover of "Free Fallin'" filtered through the speakers. He veered the car toward their destination, tapping his fingers against the steering wheel in time with the guitar chords.

"Do you play?" Lexi asked.

"A little."

"Oh yeah? What instruments?"

He chuckled softly, thinking about the answer to this question. He had been kind of a musical fiend when he was younger. He had picked up every instrument imaginable. He wasn't wonderful at any of them, but he was good at pretty much all of them. "Just guitar, bass, piano, saxophone, and some drums, but I'm really rusty."

"Jesus!" Lexi cried. "All I can do is sing."

"Oh, and I sing." He smirked as he hit the brake at a red light.

"Well, don't you seem to be good at everything?" Lexi said, staring up at him through thick dark lashes.

Jack hastily returned his attention to the road, but he still watched her out of the corner of his eye. "You just wait and see."

"I look forward to it." She giggled, turning back around to face the front.

Jack's smirk grew with her laughter. Something about Lexi seemed to just fit. She was so easy to be around. There was no forcing the conversation. There were no awkward silences. There was only Jack and Lexi.

He took the last turn to their destination, and Lexi's eyes widened considerably. Before them, on an expanse of university property that was typically just an empty field, stood a recently constructed carnival with university students flooding the park. A giant Ferris wheel with dozens of bright twirling carts rested at the center of the field with carnival rides and booths surrounding it.

"I didn't know a carnival was coming through town!" Lexi cried.

"One night only," Jack explained. "The university sets up celebrations like this throughout the year. Since you're new, I thought I'd take you to the first one of the year."

He was rewarded with a gorgeous smile that knocked him breathless. He was glad that she liked the surprise, but if she kept looking at him like that, she wouldn't have any pink lip gloss on by the end of the night.

A plump older man in an orange vest was waving a light stick to direct them into a makeshift parking spot on the lawn.

The couple trekked across the muddy terrain toward the vinyl ticket booth. After handing over their student identification cards, the student association representative slid the cards through a reader. The machine dinged each time, confirming their authenticity.

"Have a good time, and don't forget to grab a complimentary T-shirt on your way out," the woman said.

She handed them back their cards with one hand and used the other to gesture toward a display of boxes containing hundreds of bright green tees.

"Thanks," Jack said.

He grabbed Lexi's arm and raced through the entrance. She laughed completely and totally carefree as she rushed after him through the bright flashing carnival signs and booths. Jack pulled up short when he saw who was standing directly in front of them.

Damn! He thought he would have had more alone time with Lexi before he ran into his friends.

Between his five friends, they were counting out at least several hundred orange paper tickets, like little kids at Chuck E. Cheese. Each looked more excited than the next. Seth and Clark began trying to steal each other's tickets, and Jack shook his head, expecting a fight to break out any minute. He laughed at their behavior, not surprised in the least.

"Hey, guys," he said, casually approaching them with Lexi.

They all stared at her with knowing smiles on their faces.

He could have punched them, but instead, he just swept out his hand and said, "This is Lexi."

Thankfully, the guys gave their names and nodded hellos without completely embarrassing him. He hadn't known what to expect from his friends when they would inevitably meet her. Maybe Seth had talked some sense into them.

After introductions, they had to decide which ride to hit first. Seth took the lead as per usual, and he started to push them toward the bumper cars. When Luke put up a fight, claiming they always ganged up on him, he and Seth started arguing.

Jack laughed as they bickered, but his focus was on Lexi. She seemed completely relaxed with his friends. They were a lively bunch, and most girls didn't seem to fit in right away. He liked that she had no such problems.

Overriding Luke's complaints, the group got into the line for the bumper cars.

Jack moved closer to Lexi, taking a little too much pleasure in sidling up to her. He whispered in her ear, "We actually do gang up on Luke. Better make sure you join in on the fun. His reaction will be well worth it."

She nodded and even seemed anxious to mess with Luke.

Had Jack ever met a girl who immediately followed along with their joking?

As expected, Luke got rocked on the bumper cars. When he came off the ride, he started swinging at anything he could get his hands on. He even knocked over a tiny blonde in his angst. His friends' laughter only egged him on further.

Without thinking, Jack slung his arm across Lexi's shoulders as they laughed. As she turned into him, trying to catch her breath through giggles, he breathed in sharply. He needed to stop this. Why did she make that so hard?

"I cannot believe him," Lexi said, breaking contact, as she wiped away tears of laughter.

"He is a riot," Jack confirmed.

They watched Luke try to punch Seth, but Seth ducked under Luke's halfhearted blow easily.

"Why don't we get you something to rot your teeth?" Jack suggested.

He wanted her away from the walking comedy act, so he could have her all to himself again. He grabbed her hand and pulled her away toward a cotton candy machine. Her hand fit perfectly in his, and he quickly dropped it when he came to that realization.

Needing to change the subject, Jack asked, "So, tell me, Lex, what do you normally do on Friday nights?"

She shrugged. "I hang out with my roommate or Olivia, go downtown, see movies, game nights, dinners, fraternity parties."

She seemed to add the last part reluctantly.

"Cool. I like to do all of those things," Jack said with an easygoing smile.

"Fraternity parties?"

"Mike's in a fraternity," he told her. "So, yes, even fraternity parties. Probably not as often as my freshman year though."

After they ordered cotton candy, they made their way toward the Ferris wheel. When Jack offered the candy to Lexi, she snatched a piece of it and stuck it in her mouth. He stared down at her mouth where pink sugar had mingled with her lip gloss. He couldn't seem to pull his eyes away.

Lexi licked her lips, and Jack swallowed.

He would really like to know what that tasted like.

"You're such a mess," he said, trying to cover his inappropriate thoughts.

They stopped at the line for the Ferris wheel, which was wrapped around the ride. Jack popped some cotton candy into his mouth as she watched the machine transfixed. He didn't even see the giant ride when standing next to her.

He let the sugar dissolve in his mouth before speaking. "What's your major?"

"As of today, I'm undecided." She seemed happy about it.

"An indecisive one, I like it."

"I'm not indecisive. Just open minded."

"Same thing."

"Well, what's your major, Mr. Decisive?" She stuck one hand on her hip and gave him with a knowing look.

"I'm not decisive, just practical. I'm pre-business, likely going to the accounting route. Not so sure though."

Lexi wrinkled her nose. It was adorable.

"Eww. I'll forestall practical. Thank you!"

He found himself laughing at her forthrightness. She didn't seem to hold anything back.

"Yeah, it's what I'm good at."

"At least there are a lot of jobs out there for you. Not much a person can do while being undecided, and what I really want to do has only a few more jobs than that," she said, shrugging her shoulders.

"And what is that? What do you really want to do?" he asked very seriously. Despite the joking, he found that he was actually very interested in what she wanted to do with her life. It suddenly mattered a lot to him.

She paused before answering. "Gymnastics."

"That's awesome," he said, noticing all the wonderful muscles gymnastics had put on her small frame. And...she was probably flexible. He needed to stop that line of thinking or else it could get embarrassing.

He knew the gymnastics captain. He wondered if Lexi had been recruited or if she had tried walking on. "Have you talked to the gymnastics team here? If you like it so much, you should try out."

"No," she responded solemnly.

"Why not?

"You don't just try out for the gymnastics team here. They're amazing. If they don't recruit you, then you have no chance. No walk-ons. Nothing."

"How do you know that? Were you recruited?"

"No, I wasn't," she said sharply.

Oh, sore subject. He should introduce her to Krista. Maybe that would help.

"Oh, well, I know one of the gymnasts. I bet she could talk to the coach. Even if you can't be on the team, you could probably practice with them."

The glance she gave to him was as if she were approaching a martian.

"Okay, maybe not," he said, raising his eyebrows. He took another bite of cotton candy to prevent himself from speaking again.

"Even if I could get to talk with the coach, there would be no way she would let me practice with them."

"Never know until you try," he said, swallowing the remaining bit.

She was hot when she got herself all riled up. Luckily, they were now at the front of the line, so he didn't have time to think about it again.

Jack handed the man four orange tickets, and then he ushered Lexi into a big swinging yellow bucket with the number twenty-five plastered against the back. He recognized the guy working, and as Lexi took a seat, he asked the guy to do him a favor. The guy laughed, called him an a**hole, and told him to sit down.

Once Jack took his seat next to Lexi, the Ferris wheel began to rotate in an endless circle. Jack smirked at Lexi, and then started shaking their bucket back and forth. She grabbed on to the sides and squeaked. The girl in the bucket in front of them started threatening them, but he just laughed.

Lexi put her hand on his knee. "Calm down. We don't want to get kicked off!"

"I know the guy who's running it. No way we'll get kicked off," Jack said.

But he stopped anyway and used that moment to throw his arm across the back of the bucket seat. Lexi relaxed until she was almost leaning into him but not quite. He wondered what she was thinking.

As they made their final rotation, the ride crawled to a stop at the very top, looking out across the open fields. Jack smiled, silently thanking his friend, as the sun was setting low on the horizon, casting the last sliver of orange, pink, and red on the sky.

The world was lost to them in that moment, and without a second thought, he dropped his arm across her shoulders and drew her into him, her head falling into the crook of his neck. She fit into him like she was the missing puzzle piece. She sighed contentedly just as the sun dropped from the sky, leaving them to stare out at the twinkling white stars burning in the distance.

They spent the next several hours perusing the carnival life. He even won her a huge teddy bear from a dart game. She held it tightly as they made their way toward the exit with the rest of the crowd. An associate stuffed two green T-shirts into their hands as they stepped across the threshold.

Later that evening, Jack drove Lexi back to her dorm. The whole time he couldn't stop wishing that the night didn't have to end. He'd had a great time with her, and despite all the complications, he really wanted to see her again. It felt like only seconds before he was pulling up in front of her dorm again.

"Do you want me to park and walk you up?" Jack asked. He turned on his warning blinkers again.

"No, not necessary. Thanks," Lexi said, collecting her things to exit.

He couldn't let her just leave like that. He'd had too good of a time to let her just leave like that.

"Hey, wait," he said. He threw the car in park and ran around to the other side.

He had to say good night. Fuck everything else...he just had to. It was Lexi.

As soon as she was at arm's length, he reached out for her and pulled her into his arms. When she slid her arms up around his neck, he pushed their bodies flush together as he stood there, letting her legs dangle.

He couldn't help feeling like she belonged there. He didn't want her to go. He wanted to put her back in the car and take her to his place. He wanted to kiss her, explore her. He wanted to know everything about her little body. He wanted to know everything about her. Just her.

Fuck. What was he doing?

With her pressed into him, all he could think was that it didn't matter.

"I hope you don't mind, but I couldn't leave without a hug," he whispered.

"Oh no," she said breathily, "I don't mind at all."

He had to restrain himself as he placed her back on her feet. He couldn't kiss her. No, he couldn't go that far. He wouldn't do that to Danielle-no matter how ready he was to break up with her, no matter how much he wanted Lexi, no matter how much Lexi was staring up at him like she would go back with him.

He bent down and placed a chaste kiss on her cheek. He'd give himself that much. But that was it. He needed to get out of there before he changed his mind.

Straightening abruptly, he turned and fled. He felt like a coward...even if he was doing the right thing.

CHAPTER 5

CHOICES, CHOICES

Jack hadn't been able to stay away from Lexi. Something was wrong with him. What kind of dick keeps letting her show up when he couldn't find the right time to tell her about his girlfriend?

She kept appearing at the coffee shop, chatting with him in between studying for her tests. Then, he started bringing coffee to her at her classes. She began coming over to the apartment and playing video games with the guys.

Soon, she was always around, and he liked her being around all the time. And the more he liked her being around, the less he wanted to tell her about Danielle.

He tried to keep his distance. He would never be around her when he was drinking. He didn't trust himself to not do anything.

On the first game day, she had tailgated with friends on the other side of campus, which was a relief because Danielle had shown up. He'd had no idea how he would have explained that.

When he had gone home last weekend, he thought about breaking up with Danielle. Sure, a large part of the reason that he hadn't done it was probably due to the sex, but they had been together for so long that when he was with her, it was just different. He didn't know what he wanted to do.

Then, there was the time that he almost hadn't been able to hold it back. Lexi had come over for to watch a movie on Sunday night, and she had dressed up for him. She was all smiles and flirting. He had picked her up and carried her into his room, kicking himself the whole time but knowing that he wasn't going to stop.

He had tried to tell her. He'd tried to say what she was driving him to do, but then she had straddled him, and he was lost. If his phone hadn't rang in that moment-with f**king Danielle calling no less-he knew he wouldn't have stopped. And it scared him.

Lexi terrified him. How did she have such control over him? He'd never cheated on anyone before. That wasn't the kind of person he was! But when those big brown eyes stared up at him, begging and pleading, and she smiled up at him with her pouty lips coated in pink lip gloss...he f**king forgot who he was.

But he hadn't kissed her. And he wouldn't.

She was coming over later, and he was going to end it. He was going to tell her everything. That was the way it had to be.

Jack sighed and picked up his phone to call Danielle. Maybe if he heard her voice, it would remind him that he was making the right decision.

"Oh my God, is Jack Howard calling me?" Danielle asked snootily into the phone.

"Yeah." Jack scrunched up his eyebrows. What the f**k was her deal?

"Well, that's new. I thought I was the only one who called anymore," she snapped.

"Apparently not," he said, gritting his teeth. He didn't know how much of this conversation he could handle if she was going to act like a bitch.

"Are you going to come see me this weekend? Or do I have to drive to Athens again?"

The way she said the word again was like he had never driven down to see her, but he had just been there two weeks ago.

And suddenly, he realized...he didn't even want to see her this weekend. "Actually, I'm working all weekend. I can't come down to Savannah, and you'd just be stuck here all alone."

"So, now, you don't even want me in Athens!" she snapped.

"Danielle, do you have something you want to say? Because I'm tired of this passive-aggressive shit," he barked, surprised by his anger bubbling up.

"I'm fine. Fine!"

"You're clearly not fine, so just spit it out."

"Fine! You know what? I'm tired of being the one putting all the effort into this relationship. I'm tried of traveling and calling and messaging and trying to spend every ounce of time with you when you only want to f**k me. I'm tired of you not acting like you used to. I'm still your girlfriend, and I don't even feel second-best...I feel last!" she said, her voice cracking. He heard the tears in her voice.

God, he hated crying.

"Stop crying, Jesus. You're not last in my life." Was she?

"Yes...yes, I am! You don't even know how you treat me!"

"How do I treat you?" he asked in frustration.

"Like I'm last! Work, school, the guys, parties...everything comes before me. How can we have a relationship if that's how you treat me, Jack?"

"I don't know." And he really didn't. Maybe...they couldn't.

"Well, if you don't know, then I certainly don't. So, maybe...maybe we should just take a break!" she chirped

"Fine," he responded immediately. "Whatever."

"Fine!"

The line went dead in his hand. She had hung up on him. They were on a break.

Whoa. What the hell had just happened? And how had it spiraled out of control so fast?

He flung his phone onto the couch and stormed into his bedroom. He needed to take a shower or do something to get his mind off of this. He couldn't believe she had just done that.

CHAPTER 6

THAT MOMENT

Jack heard a knock at the door. He grabbed a blue T-shirt from off the clean clothes pile and threw it over his head. His hair was still damp from the shower, but it had calmed him down and made him think more clearly. Whatever had just happened with Danielle...whatever break they were on was probably for the better.

When he opened the door, he saw Lexi standing on his front porch. She was the whole reason that this was for the better. She looked amazing in tight pants and a bright silky shirt. Her hair was down, her eyes lined, making them look even bigger than normal, and she was wearing that pink lip gloss. He was going to try that today and see if it tasted as good as he had thought for the past month.

"Hey," Lexi said with a smile, walking into his house.

"Hey, it's good to see you." And it was.

He reached and drew her into a hug. She folded into him like she had been anticipating it as he slid his hands around her small frame. He didn't want to let her go, but he did.

"What are we doing tonight? Is Luke going to try to beat me at Mario Kart again? Or would you prefer to study?" She continued without waiting for him to answer. "I've already had such a long week. I could seriously use a drink."

"Do you want me to make you one?" he asked.

"Oh, you don't have to!" She threw her hand up like she didn't care one way or another, and then she dropped her purse at the foot of the couch. Lexi kicked off her flip-flops and turned back to face him. "So, what are we doing?"

"Let's just relax. Maybe a movie?"

"Sure," she said, bending down and sorting through his collection.

She popped in Pirates of the Caribbean, and then she sat next to him. When he wrapped his arm around her shoulders, Lexi rested back against him.

He had seen the movie a hundred times, but he couldn't have told anyone a thing about it this time. All he could think about was the feel of Lexi in his arms, the touch of her breast against him as she adjusted in her seat, the feel of her fingers caressing his hand. His mind was set solely on the woman lying next to him, and it all felt right. He didn't feel rushed or unsure about what to do next or where to go from here. It just felt right.

Too soon, the movie ended.

"I think I have to go home and study. I'd like to stay, but I think that philosophy paper is calling my name," she said, standing and stretching.

"That's all right. Maybe you can come over tomorrow?" he asked.

"Sure. Sounds good."

She put her shoes back on and grabbed her purse, and he followed her to the door.

"I'll see you tomorrow then," she said. She had a smile on her face when she turned back to him for their obligatory good-bye hug.

When she moved forward to wrap her arms around him, his hand found the smooth shape of her jawline. She stopped when he touched her and stared up into his eyes. He was sure that he saw surprise written on her face. The last time she had tried to kiss him, he had backed off.

"Jack," she said, her voice coming out breathy and needy.

It was addicting. He wanted to keep leaving her breathless.

He pushed his fingers up into her hair, and her eyes closed of their own accord. His other hand moved to circle her waist.

"Lex," he whispered, hearing the urgency in his voice.

Tilting her head up to him, he bent down and kissed her mouth. She tasted like strawberry lip gloss and every addictive substance on the planet. He couldn't get enough.

He pulled her hard against him and angled his mouth, so he could trace his tongue across her lips. She moaned into him and opened her mouth. As their tongues connected, he wondered why he had waited this long. Their kisses were urgent, like they had both been waiting too long for this. Still they weren't rushed as their lips melded together and moved in uninterrupted unison.

Lexi drew his bottom lip in with her teeth, and he nearly lost it. In that moment, he was using every ounce of self-control to stop himself from just grabbing her, throwing her back against the wall, and taking her right then and there.

He kissed her deeply, hungrily, like how a starved man devours food. He could never and would never get enough of the way she tasted and felt.

How he pulled back, he didn't even know.

When he kissed her now swollen lips one last time, she was putty in his hands. She wrapped her arms around his middle as much to steady herself as to hug him good-bye...and he really, very seriously considered keeping her here. She didn't really need to study today...did she?

"Jack," she whispered.

"Yeah, Lex?"

She sighed pleasantly like there was nowhere else in the world she wanted to be. "I like when you call me that."

"Then, I'll never stop."

Jack smiled and drew her in closer. He didn't care if everything seemed to be spinning off axis. He only cared that he was hopelessly falling for her. And all he wanted was to stay exactly where they were with his arms wrapped around his girl. Because when he was with her, there was nothing and no one else.

"I think...I think I have to really go this time," Lexi muttered.

She hugged him mob!ilism tighter and then released him. He kissed her one more time on the lips, and then she opened the door.

With a sad smile, he watched his Lex walk out the door. He had this strange feeling creeping through his chest. It started at there and blossomed out to his extremities. She had ignited something in his body that he would never forget-just like he would never forget the way her hand fit perfectly in his, those soul-searching brown eyes, the taste of her pink lip gloss, the intoxicating nature of her presence.

It reminded him of his parents, and it scared him shitless. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. He couldn't let himself feel this. He couldn't let it sweep him away. But she swept him away.

His phone buzzed in his pocket, and he reluctantly shut the front door before he answered. "Hello?"

"Jack?" Danielle called into the phone. Her voice was shaky and cracked when she had said his name.

He could hear her tears through the line. She sounded like she had been crying for a while. He wanted to be angry with her. She had been bitchy after all, but just the way she had said his name sounded pitiful.

"Yeah, I'm here."

"Jack, baby, oh my God, what did we just do? I'm so, so, so sorry. I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to say anything like that to you. I never want a break. I love you. I love you so much." She broke down into tears again, and he waited for her to recover herself. "I'm so sorry. Please forgive me. You're my world. I can't live without you."

"Danielle..." he said awkwardly, thinking about Lex's lips on him all over again.

"Please, please, please, Jack! I could never live without you. Ever. I'll come up this weekend and visit. I don't care if I have to be all alone most of the time. It will all be as it was. Don't force this break for no reason!" she blubbered. Her tears came heavier, and he sighed. "At least, let me talk to you in person. You owe me that much, Jack."

"Danielle..."

"I'll come up on Friday. We should talk about it. Please, Jack!" she gasped out.

"All right. All right. We'll talk," he groaned, hating this whole thing.

He hated when girls cried. Danielle knew he hated it, and she was using the waterworks to her advantage.

Danielle continued to talk in his ear, but he barely heard her. What was he doing?

He was pretty sure his future had just walked out that door.

The End.

Ramsey's Point of View

The First Time Ramsey Meets Lexi

CHAPTER 1

GET OUT

"Bek, come on. I know who I am looking for," Ramsey said impatiently into the phone. He was ready to be back in Atlanta now that his vacation was practically over. He had business he needed to take care of with his clubs. In particular, a certain Valentine that he had just hired.

"You just can't f**k this up for me. Daddy wanted me to do the interview, but you were already in New York. It made more sense," Bekah said.

"I got it," he grumbled, running his hand across the rumpled hotel sheets. The cleaning crew better come to his room before tonight. It would be awkward if he brought a girl here, and it still smelled like the last. "Anything else?"

"No. But will you please pay more attention to the interview than your next conquest? I know the company matters to you so much," she drawled sarcastically, "but you'll be surprised to find out that it still matters to some people. Me, mostly."

"And we all know what really matters," he said, walking across the room, sitting in a chair that looked out across Central Park, and crossing his leg over his knee at the ankle.

"Oh, shut up," she snapped.

Ramsey smiled. He could practically see Bekah rolling her eyes on the other end of the line. She was so easy to rile up.

Bekah continued when he didn't say anything else. "I can't believe you're insisting on doing this in a club, as if you don't spend enough time in them." The disdain was apparent.

"It's where I'm most comfortable." Which was true. He spent more time in his clubs now than anywhere. After Parker had left, there hadn't been anything for him. Now he had the clubs, and most of the time they were the only thing that mattered.

Bekah scoffed. "Then so be it. Just remember call me later to tell me how the interview went. I have to go," she responded, clicking off of the line without waiting for his response.

Typical Bekah.

"How lovely," he said, stuffing his Blackberry into his suit coat pocket.

Ramsey picked up the drink he had left forgotten on the table after Bekah called. The ice sloshed through the whiskey and clinked against the edge of the glass as he twirled it in his hand. He tipped the glass up to his lips and tilted the liquor into his mouth. The whiskey slid easily down his throat, and he wished for at least the fifth time tonight that he had gotten something a little smoother. He didn't always care for finest things in life, despite how he had been raised, but whiskey was a resounding exception. He wasn't even sure why he had ordered this drink from room service, when he was going out soon. Maybe it just helped him drown out everything else in his life. Drown out her.

"Who were you talking to, darling?" a voice crooned from the bathroom.

"Really none of your business," he responded sharply. He took another drink and as he took a look at the woman standing before him, he remembered all over again why he had ordered it.

"Was it your wife?" A tall, leggy blonde in nothing but a towel peered around the corner of the bathroom. She had flawless milky skin, long lean legs that didn't even touch at the tops of her thighs, and full fake br**sts that peeked out of the top of the towel. Her lips were pouty and eyes wide and a light blue almost grey color.

"Wouldn't you like it if it was?" he drawled. He had to refrain from rolling his eyes. This type of woman kind of disgusted him, and he wasn't sure what that said about himself.

"Oh, so you are married," she said, as if it didn't surprise her in the least.

"Hardly."

The girl shrugged. She actually didn't care one way or another. "Suit yourself. Are we going out?"

"I have work. We aren't going anywhere," he said curtly, staring at her with a blank expression on his face.

"What do you do anyway?" she asked, ignoring his statement. Her blonde hair flopped to one side, and she managed to look completely incompetent. She had clearly spent her entire life using her giant boobs to get her way. Well, it had worked on him for a solid afternoon. Good enough.

"Please, get out," he said, pointing at the door.

"What?"

"Out. Get out of my hotel room."

"But...I don't understand," she said, her eyes wide.

"I'm sure you understand very little, but I think get out is in your vocabulary."

"Asshole," she said, dropping her towel shamelessly to the floor. She strode casually across the room and reached ever so slowly for her clothes piled neatly on a chair. She changed back into the dress and heels she had been wearing that afternoon, when Ramsey had picked her up all too easy at the bar in the restaurant down the block. With how slow she was moving and the way she was twisting her body so that he had full view of all of her finer assets, she obviously thought he would change his mind or something. Not very bright indeed.

The woman took her time walking across the room, and Ramsey managed to control himself enough not to stand and force her out. She opened the door and looked over her shoulder at him. Her hair fanned around her face seductively.

"Are you sure you don't want another round, baby?" she purred.

"I'd rather use my own hand then have you remain in this hotel room."

Her shocked face was enough to make him smile as she stormed out of his hotel room and slammed the door to his suite. He finished his drink, and then stood and phoned downstairs for a town car.

CHAPTER 2

PIE

Ramsey had a friend from Atlanta working at a club nearby, and it seemed like the ideal place for the interview that he was doing for his father's company, Bridges Enterprise. Ever since he had acquired his own clubs, he had become a complete and total night owl and frequently grew anxious as daylight dragged on. He loved his job working and managing the nightclubs and strip clubs that he had forced into prominence in the Atlanta nightlife.

Primarily, he had decided to come to New York because his long time friend, Matt Hammond, was in the city from Las Vegas for the weekend. He hadn't seen him in about six months and Ramsey found it easier to fly to New York than to visit him in Vegas regularly.

Then he had got suckered into helping Bekah out. How did she always manage to do that?

The lobby was bustling as patrons filtered in and out of the massive extravagant hotel. Ignoring the crowd, Ramsey passed through the mass. He caught the eye of an attractive brunette talking to the bellhop and smiled like she was going to be dessert. She noticed him, looking him up and down appreciatively, and smiled back. Yep, Armani had been a good choice.

The drive to the club wasn't that bad. He had wanted to be there early for the interview anyway so that he could meet up with his friend, Lacy. He hadn't seen her in a couple months, and the woman knew how to pour drinks. He had been sad to see her leave Atlanta, but bartenders came and went.

A line had already formed in front of the club, which was a good sign for Ramsey. His name was already on the list as well as the guy that he was supposed to be meeting to interview. He approached the bouncer confidently, ignoring the long line of annoyed people staring him down.

"Ramsey Bridges," he offered. The guy ran his hand down a list, checked his name off, and then let him inside. The Bridges name held weight everywhere that he went.

His eyes easily adjusted to the flashes of light ricocheting off of the mirrored walls. The club was intricate and he took note of some easy adjustments he could make in his own place. He assessed the room with an eye for detail, paying little attention to the crowd or the noise. He was used to both.

The winding set of stairs dropped him off at the VIP section. He told the bouncer his name again. He was really getting tired of this. New York didn't belong to him the same way that Atlanta did. It was a mild irritation, but an irritation nonetheless. After clearing him, the bouncer pulled back the rope and allowed him into the exclusive upstairs bar.

He hated being impressed, but this place was high end. The next one he purchased would have this flare. It managed sleek, modern, and classy without going over the top in any of them. Bottle service was provided at client's requests, but a full-length bar was still accessible on the far wall.

That's where he saw her.

A charming smile broke out on his face, and he crossed the room. He leaned forward against the bar and snapped his fingers twice in the most annoying manner. "How do I get good service around here?"

"Sir, I give good service to anyone who doesn't snap at me," the woman responded cattily never turning around as he snapped again.

He tried to keep the smirk from his face. She had always been a petite girl with straight hair down to her shoulders. He nearly angled his head to appreciate the tiny ass hidden behind her too short shorts.

"If you snap at me one more time," she said turning around angrily. Her mouth dropped open. "Holy shit!"

"Hey Lace," he said letting that easy smirk fall on his lips.

"Ramsey f**king Bridges! You didn't tell me you were going to be here!" Lacy said, leaning forward on the bar and ignoring her clients. Her purchased br**sts fell forward out of the black corset top she was wearing as she smiled up at him.

"I like surprises," he said with a shrug.

"I like your kind of surprises." She immediately grabbed a bottle off of the back wall and started pouring into two shot glasses. Pushing one across the bar, she raised it for him to toast.

"Can you drink on the clock?" he asked condescendingly.

"Nope," she said clicking her glass against his and downing it in one clean sweep.

He followed suit appreciating the top shelf tequila. He set the glass back down and smiled at Lacy. "When do you get off?"

"Is that a trick question, Mr. Bridges?" she asked, waving her hand in the air. He shrugged. He would let her come to her own conclusions. "Oh fine. Probably four. If I'd known you were going to be here, I could have been done earlier."

"Four works for me. I have some work to do anyway," he told her. Lacy handed him another drink, remembering his preferences like a pro. "You know a good pie place around here?"

"Sure. Pie at four in the morning? Only in New York," she said, rolling her eyes and moving on to help her other needy customers.

Ramsey checked his watch. Perfect timing. His interview should be here any minute. He pulled up the guy's resume on his cell phone and scrolled through it absentmindedly. Pretty impressive until the company he had been working for had gone under, and he was originally from Georgia. That was always a positive in hiring new people from out of state. Hopefully this guy had some people skills; Ramsey was easily bored.

He sipped on his drink, waited on his interview, and watched the VIP section fill up. Geez, where was this guy? It was really bad to show up late to an interview. Even the strippers showed up on time.

Impatient, Ramsey stood from his seat at the bar and made a quick sweep of the perimeter. He wanted to give it his best chance of finding the guy. He had a picture of who he was supposed to interview, but didn't see anyone yet that looked like him.

What kind of wild goose hunt had Bekah sent him on? This was the last time he was ever doing her a favor again. Okay, probably not, but still...

His drink now empty, he returned to the bar and took over a seat that someone else had just vacated. Setting his empty glass on the bar, he waited for Lacy to pour him another one amidst the chaos, letting his eyes skim the crowd again. As they traveled over one of the couches, he stopped and was glad he was sitting down.

What the hell was Parker doing here?

CHAPTER 3

ONE WAY TICKET

Ramsey couldn't help himself. He just stared at Parker.

Holy shit, she was beautiful!

His heart was beating wildly in his chest, and it was hard to swallow. Why did she have to be here? He was trying to forget her. Why wouldn't she just let him forget her?

Tonight was not the night for all of this, and yet he couldn't push the feelings aside. He wanted her-not just physically either. He had never wanted anyone else more-anyone else at all.

It had been three years since the break up, since their f**k up, and she still managed to grip his heart. She kept him from feeling anything for anyone. How could he? Why would he feel, when she was out there somewhere?

And yet he had never tried to make it right. They couldn't mend the crack that had shattered their love. It was irreparable. No matter how much he wanted to fix it, to make it better, he couldn't. They couldn't.

His heartbreak ate away at him beneath his confident facade.

Parker turned her gaze in his direction, and he quickly diverted his eyes. He didn't want her to see him. It would be too much. She was dating someone else. She didn't love him anymore. It was over. It had been for a long time. Seeing her here, now, would just be another reminder of how much he had lost...how much he had given up.

Out of his peripheral vision, he took a closer look. Parker was blatantly staring at him now. He could almost see the clock working inside her brain as she eyed him, registering who he was. Would she come closer? Would she say anything? Or would she avoid him, just like he was avoiding her?

And then he saw it even in the dimness, and his heart contracted. She was not his Parker. She looked a whole hell of a lot like her, but she wasn't her. No one else could ever be her.

He sagged in his seat, hating himself for the disappointment that settled in his gut.

Oh, God, she was getting up and walking directly toward him. It was now or never. It was his call. If he turned away, she might leave him alone. She might not come after what her walk was suggesting she wanted. But he couldn't do it. Christ, she looked like Parker. And those h*ps were coming his way, and he wanted what they were screaming.

She tripped just as she neared him, her heel catching in some unknown crack in the floor, and she yelled out, "Oh!"

His move.

He reached out catching her body, as light as a feather, in his arms. She was tiny, but all toned muscle underneath her scat clothing. It wasn't something he normally saw in women like this. He always expected them to be soft and pliable not to be fit. He liked fit.

The girl's hand reached out and rested on his chest. Once she realized that she was safe, she still didn't move it immediately. He righted her, keeping his hand firmly planted on her slender hips.

Getting a better look at her, he was just as shocked by her resemblance to Parker. Same dark hair, same dark chocolate eyes, same goddamn height! But he had to force himself to see the differences. This girl was much tanner than his Parker, who was alabaster pale in the hottest of summers with soft freckles across the bridge of her nose. This girl was a different build too. Parker had an athletic build from various sports-soccer, mostly. So, her thighs and calves were solid. Whoever this was had a much more lithe figure, less to hold onto. And now that he was looking, her face was slightly different shaped. Parker had a circular face, which her waves covered half the time, but this girl had a heart-shaped face and almond seductive eyes. It worked for her.

"I am so sorry. I just can't seem to keep my balance in these things," she purred and he glanced down at her heels.

He slowly dragged his eyes back up her body and into her face. Still all he saw was Parker. Her voice was more musical, but it was easy to ignore the difference. He was about to earn his one-way ticket to hell. At least it was all done with good intentions. Maybe.

"It's no problem," he finally said, still holding onto her hips. "Did you twist your ankle or anything? Did you need to sit down?"

She paused, sucking her bottom lip in between her teeth and giving him a doe-eyed expression as if she were contemplating the question. It was damn sexy, and the last fleeting thought of his interview left his mind.

"I'm not sure," she conceded.

"Here. Take my seat. Do you need ice or something?" he asked, not taking his eyes off of her as she slid past him and occupied his stool. Damn, she was making this easy.

"Oh no, I think if I just sit a minute, I should be fine."

"At least let me get you a drink," he said, flashing her an award-winning smile. That always worked. He didn't even need to use it. She was already pretty drunk and clearly on the prowl. It wouldn't be wrong if he let her use him as much as he was about to use her, right?

She giggled as if she had been expecting that. She probably had been. Parker always got offered drinks when they had gone out too.

"That'd be great," she drawled, crossing her hurt leg over the other.

"What's your guilty pleasure?" he asked, his voice laced with seduction. He was really laying it on thick. "You seem like a Sex on the Beach kind of girl." She blanched at his words. All right. Guess not. He would change tactics. "Or are you more of a whiskey girl. I hear a Southern accent in there. Did you want a SoCo or a Jack and Coke?"

He waited for her response. He wasn't sure what nerve he had touched on, but she began to fidget at the suggestions. But he knew a Southern accent when he heard one especially up here. He hoped he hadn't offended her, because now that he had started, he wanted to see this through.

Ramsey tilted his head and studied her as he waited for a response. Why was she trying to make this difficult? Her body language was an open book, and all she was screaming was read me.

And he intended to.

"Shots," she yelled over the music that escalated in the room.

Finally, she made up her mind. At least it didn't mean that she was backing out. They had a bargain. Well, she didn't know about the bargain, but it was a bargain nonetheless. "Do you care what of?"

"Anything but Jack," she stated firmly.

He smirked at her answer, and then nodded his head. He leaned over the bar and smiled at Lacy. She sauntered over immediately and he ordered the shots.

Lacy looked at him incredulously. "Really?" she asked glaring at him. "Two?"

"Don't be difficult," he said.

She started pouring the drinks. "Don't forget about pie."

"Never." He added a smirk for good measure.

Ramsey snatched the two shots off the bar and handed one to the girl. They downed them happily. He liked a woman who could hold her liquor, and she was a tiny little thing. He ordered another round, more replaced that round, and then another round after that. She melted into him, and he let her. With his hand around her waist, he could almost close his eyes and picture another.

His eyes snapped back open and brought him back to reality. Could he really do this? The alcohol was taking a toll on her tiny body and her breast brushed up against his hand. She seemed very pleased to be past the point of intoxication.

Yeah, he could do this.

CHAPTER 4

TRUST

"So," she slurred, "what do you do?"

He looked at her glazed eyes wondering if he could answer that question. Deliberating was futile in the long run. She was in the VIP section of a high-end club. There was no way that she wanted to actually know what he did. She just wanted to know whether or not he had money. And he did.

He leaned in closer to answer her. "Live off a trust right now," he said, giving her the answer she wanted to hear.

"Oh?" she asked dryly, clearly unimpressed.

He was thrown off. What did she want if not for him to have money to take care of her? Wasn't that why girls came to these places dressed like that in the first place? He didn't understand. He had used that line dozens of times...more than that probably, and it had worked every time. The girl was putty in his hands. They tried to tell you that money didn't matter, that they cared for you regardless, but it was a lie. They wouldn't have cared half as much if he had been broke. He knew. He had tried that too.

So what made this one different?

"Yeah," he said, trying to recover from her obvious distaste. "Not really my thing, but it helped me when I was in a pinch." He shrugged, trying to push aside the discomfort of having to backpedal.

"Well, what are you doing here, Mr. Trust?" she asked giggling. It was adorable.

"Daddy's work," he said coldly. Why was he telling her this? She didn't need to know anything about him. "Just trying to get a feel on a guy they're interviewing for a job, and he's in New York. I happened to already be in New York. It was a win-win for them."

"Oh," she said, nodding along as if she cared.

He doubted that she did. He didn't even care about his father's stupid interview. He was already trying to forget that guy.

"Where are you supposed to be meeting this guy?"

He smiled, wanting nothing more than to get the subject back on her. He didn't talk about himself. All women talked about themselves. Begrudgingly, he answered her questions, "Here, actually. I tend to feel more comfortable in clubs, but he hasn't showed yet." His eyes left her for the first time to scan the VIP area once more. Might as well make sure he wasn't going to miss the guy now that he had already invested in this girl. "Guess he got caught up."

She reached forward, pulled his blue and white striped tie between her fingers, and tugged lightly. This was more like it. "Well, then it's your lucky day, isn't it?"

He smiled wide. "I suppose it is. How's your ankle? Can you dance on it?"

She nodded. "It's just fine."

Ramsey pulled her out onto the dance floor. She was a good dancer, clearly trained in some way. It would account for the way her body was built, and right now he was getting a pretty good grasp on what her body was like. They moved together really well, and soon even he was forgetting what he was going to do later.

As the music changed, he guided her h*ps to match his and she followed easily. He liked that. Meant good things for later. Or now.

"Do you want to get out of here?" he questioned into her ear.

She leaned her head back against his chest and swayed to the music. "I'm here with a friend. I can't leave without her," she told him.

He sighed. Seriously? She was going to pull that?

Suddenly she was going to get all guilty on him. He hadn't heard of any friend up until now. Seemed a bit suspicious...like she was trying to find a way out. Not sure why. She had been throwing herself at him all night.

The girl immediately started describing her friend who apparently was gorgeous. He could appreciate exotic beauty, but he was really just ready to take this one home and have his way with her.

Now he had to ditch her friend, who he hadn't seen all night. It would be easier to just pick someone else up, but this girl had him intrigued. She looked like Parker and didn't care about his trust fund. He had never met anyone else like that. He had wanted to sleep with her with only the first criteria. The second was a f**king bonus.

Ramsey located her friend much more quickly than she would have been capable of alone. His height gave him a distinct advantage.

"Chyna, time to go," she commanded, peeling her friend, Chyna, off of some guy she had locked lips with. Whoever he was didn't look too pleased, but after seeing Ramsey, he quickly backed off and vacated the premises.

"Alexa," she shrieked, "the love of my life!"

Alexa giggled as Chyna tackled her, forcing them both back into his hard chest. He could appreciate this. The friend was pretty f**king gorgeous. She was probably a model though and self-absorbed. Now that he had what he was looking for, he had no interest in the other. A threesome would have been icing on the cake, but he kind of wanted this Alexa to himself. And she probably wouldn't be up for it. They looked too close.

"Oh, excuse us," Chyna trilled, batting her long lustrous eyelashes.

He nearly rolled his eyes. This was what he had been expecting. "It's not a problem. I was just helping, Alexa, find you," he said, smiling politely at Chyna.

"Ohhhh," she said. Her eyes moved from Alexa back to him. "Well, thank you for that. She's hardly ever able to find me on her own."

"So, she told me," he said dryly, glancing back over at Alexa. Really. Time to ditch this chick. She wouldn't have even noticed if they had already left. What was the hold up?

"It is time for me to go," Chyna said faking a yawn. Yes, go! "I guess I should check out. I'm sure you can find your own way home, right chica?"

Alexa glared at her friend, and Ramsey wondered why. They were going home together. It was time to leave.

"Can you excuse us for a minute?" Alexa asked him.

As he nodded reluctantly, she yanked Chyna out of earshot from him. God, he hoped she was telling her to get the f**k out and quickly. His place at the Plaza was calling his name, and he was pretty much ready to f**k her in every room in his suite. Maybe multiple times in one room. After all he had the bed and the floor in the bedroom, there were two chairs in the den, a shower and bath...

He wasn't sure how long their conversation lasted as he envisioned what he had planned for her, but they soon returned. Alexa looked sheepish. What was that about?

"Sorry, we have to get out of here," she said as she turned toward him.

"We?" he asked incredulously. She pointed between her and Chyna, and his face transformed at the realization that she was going to leave without him.

Fuck! She had to be joking! He had put in all the effort. He had done all the right things. Okay, so maybe wanting to f**k her because she looked like Parker wasn't exactly the right thing, but she had been after him anyway. It wasn't like she was all sweet and innocent. And now she was going to leave him hanging? What the fuck!

"Sorry. I know you have that meeting," she added quickly. He knew she was lying. She didn't care about his meeting and neither had he. "Maybe we can meet up some other time."

"I'm leaving the city tomorrow," he told her, trying to keep the sexual frustration out of his voice.

He couldn't push her. She was pretty set even if she did look sorry. He didn't need her regret. He needed her in his hotel room. He responded warmly anyway, "But maybe I could get your number and the next time I'm in town we can meet up."

Chyna grumbled something in her ear, but she swatted her away. She clearly didn't want to hear a voice of reason. "Sure. Here's my number," she told him.

She quickly punched her digits into his Blackberry and then dragged Chyna to the door. He watched her walk out of the club in a state of shock.

How did he keep letting Parker just walk out of his life without a fight?

CHAPTER 5

STARVING

Ramsey had to remind himself that whoever that girl was, that Alexa, she wasn't Parker. She just happened to look like her. And he had been about to use her. Man, he was f**ked up.

He glanced down at the screen, where she had put her phone number under just the name Alexa. He smirked as he recognized the Georgia area code. She did have a Southern accent.

He should probably delete the number. He wasn't going to call her anyway. When he sobered up, he would realize how big of a mistake this all was. If he was already recognizing it now, then it would be ten times worse tomorrow. Or maybe he wouldn't care. He didn't normally care about anything, especially not some girl who had refused him a one night stand.

Ramsey sighed, running his hand back through his blonde hair, and walked back to the bar.

"You look like you got hit with a ton of bricks," Lacy said, pushing a drink toward him, "and you probably need that."

He nodded not acknowledging her statement.

"Did that girl actually turn you down?"

Lacy sounded disbelieving, and he didn't want her to think that. He very rarely was turned down. Actually, when was the last time that had happened? He couldn't remember. Maybe it hadn't happened. Not until Alexa.

"I could go for that pie," he said, swirling the drink around, but not indulging.

Lacy turned and looked at the clock. "It's only two."

"So, get out of it."

"It's Saturday, and it's swamped," she told him. "I'll make another couple hundred in tips alone tonight. No chance."

"Lace, the money. Really?" he asked, raising an eyebrow.

"I'm not letting you pay."

"I'll be buying the pie."

"You have such a way with words," she said, rolling her eyes.

He smirked wishing he could put more effort into it, but he was glad he didn't have to with Lacy.

"Fine," she said, giving in. "I'll meet you out front."

Ramsey nodded, relieved that at least something was going as planned, and left the club. It was surprisingly nice to leave the ever-present din behind him. After Alexa's departure, all he wanted was to forget ever thinking about Parker. Thinking about Parker only stirred up old feelings and old memories. It brought up why he had bought the clubs in the first place, and didn't let him escape in them as easily. After what had happened tonight, he needed a bigger distraction than that.

Since he figured he had awhile to wait for Lacy, he pulled out his phone and dialed Bekah's number. He wasn't sure if she would be awake at this hour, but he might as well let her know about the interview...or lack thereof.

She answered on the first ring as if she hadn't even been sleeping. Strange. "Hey," she said, her sugary sweetness melting through the phone.

"Hey, your interview never showed," Ramsey told her.

"Yeah, he called and said he had to cancel. Something came up," Bekah told him. "Did I not mention that?"

"No, you didn't," Ramsey said through gritted teeth.

"I hope you didn't wait long for him," Bekah said in her sugar sweet voice.

"I didn't. Is he rescheduling? I'm only here until tomorrow."

"No. I think I'll make him wait. He has promise, but he's going to have to come to Atlanta if he wants the interview this time. Maybe I'll give him a month," she said with a giggle.

"It gives you some sick pleasure torturing this guy, doesn't it? You don't even know if you want him for the company, and yet you're going to make him wait a whole month before another interview," Ramsey said not even sure why he was bothering with Bekah. She never listened to him. And he didn't want to be a part of the company. Sometimes he just wanted to shake some sense into her.

"If he wants it bad enough, then he can wait. It's not like we're dying to fill the position anyway," she said off-hand.

"Then why did you have me take time out of my vacation to do this?" he all but yelled at his sister.

"Because I knew you would," she said. He could almost see that characteristic smile cross her face. Her mask of innocence attempting to conceal her controlling ways. He was so tired of it all.

"Can you try to keep me out of your plans next time, Bek?" he asked knowing it was futile.

"Sure, Ramsey," she said. "I'll try." Bekah hung up again without another word and he sighed. She needed to quit doing that.

He ran a hand back through his hair, frustrated about everything that had happened tonight. He had been so...cheery earlier. This Alexa girl had f**ked him up.

Luckily, Lacy rounded the corner at that moment. A thankful reprieve from his thoughts.

"Hey, you ready to go?" Lacy asked, stubbing out a cigarette with her high heel and walking up to him.

"Very ready," he said, helping her into a waiting cab and sliding in next to her.

"Still hungry?"

"Starving," he told her, resting a hand on her thigh.

The End

