Laura

Mama.

The word was so perfect. So delicious. So utterly sweet and endearing it was like helium pumped directly into Laura's heart, helping her float and fly, sweet little Jillian looking at her with those wide green eyes, her brown hair now darker and curled at the ends, and that button nose flared as her bow-tie red lips moved in concert with her little vocal cords.

Mama.

No word anyone ever spoke could be as precious.

"Shit!"

Especially not that one. The sound of Dylan cursing from the living room, hands balled up over his crotch, bouncing from one bare foot to the other in a dance of pain, made her bite her lips and laugh. Not out of meanspiritedness, but out of the comical nature of what was going on. Now that Jillian was crawling and grabbing small objects, she'd become quite accomplished at tucking tiny items into seemingly impossible spaces.

Like Dylan's car keys into the heating vent.

"Is that some sort of ritual dance, like calling for rain? The key dance?" Mike strode into the living room and began to imitate Dylan, bent over his crotch, head tipped back in a mock-painful howl, as Dylan sucked a sore thumb and glared.

Jillian's giggles made Mike dance harder.

That made Dylan glare more.

"Your daughter put my keys down the grate!"

"Why is she always my daughter when she shits up her back or bites you or puts your keys in things? Quit leaving your crap all over the house. We have a key rack." Mike's answer came in an even-toned voice, a deep chuckle behind the words.

"Because my daughter would never do such things."

Their daughter let out a juicy fart. Both men scattered, suddenly busy in other rooms.

"Why is she always my daughter when she does that?" Laura called out, sighing as Jillian gave her a drooly grin, sitting up on her well-padded bottom like a stinky Buddha.

Mike reversed course before Laura's eyes, his pivot far more graceful than any man six feet and a half had a right to be. He scooped up the baby and made her fly in the air like an airplane. Jillian rewarded him with laughter that could have doubled as fairy dust.

"I'll change her if you take out the garbage," he called back.

"Deal!" she replied. "I got the better end of the deal," she added under her breath. They'd hired a lovely housekeeper, but they all wanted to keep it real, too. No live-in help. Besides, they didn't want the added scrutiny. Trying to explain the situation would be awkward at best, fodder for tabloids at worst. Creating a threesome dating service had been iffy enough, giving the three more potential exposure than any of them wanted.

Dragging the overloaded, diaper-laden bag of stink out to the huge cans in the garage felt like a mini-vacation compared to changing a teething baby's poopy diaper. Keeping it real, all right.

A quick wash of her hands and a check in the mirror showed a more refreshed version of herself than she'd seen in months. Good. About time the old Laura came back.

Mike and Dylan, with a little help from Josie and Alex, had seen to that. A month ago they'd taken her off for a night of sex. What they'd actually gotten out of that crazy, staged, over-the-top night had been, well...

An awakening.

And a lot of really awesome, inspiring, devilishly delicious kinky sex.

As if their menage a trois weren't kinky enough? Guess what. It turned out there were levels of kink Laura didn't know existed. Maybe others did and she was just naive, but the realms they'd entered recently had-

Damn. There it was. Her libido, tapping its foot, demanding to be acknowledged. Its return had shocked her-a night with a sex swing, a week with a Sybian, another week with a Liberator and Determinator, and then a week of all of them should have tempered her desire, right?

Nope. Not one bit. In fact, the guys had actually offered up a schedule where they took turns. One day with Dylan, one day with Mike, one day together.

"What do you mean, 'day'?"

"Now that you want sex two, sometimes three times a day, we figure this is the best way to, um..."

"Pace ourselves," Dylan had finished for him.

"You want to ration my access to sex?" she'd asked, incredulous.

"We're tired," they'd said in unison.

Dylan had tried to be helpful. "And you can always use your toys if you-"

She had cut him a death glare. "Are you fucking kidding me? You two went to my best friend and her boyfriend and did the 'poor me' act to find out how to get more sex in our lives, and now you're acting like I'm the freak?"

"No one's calling anyone a freak," Mike had soothed.

"Actually, that thing you did with the pearls last night was pretty freakish," Dylan had countered, one eyebrow cocked at Mike.

"No one is calling anyone a freak," Mike had repeated archly.

"Boo-hoo. Too bad, so sad," Laura said.

"You sound like Josie!" Dylan had protested.

"On this topic, I'll take that as a compliment," she'd challenged.

The two men had whispered something to each other, infuriating her.

"This is so unfair!" she'd declared. "It's two against one."

Both had shrugged at the same time, as if they'd planned it. She'd stormed out of the room. Sex resumed that night.

But the guys prevailed. They had a schedule now.

Other women didn't have to deal with this. She'd been a one-man woman for her entire life until a year and a half ago. The sense of wonder and unreality in her relationship with Mike and Dylan could be overpowering at times, counterbalanced only by the exceptional feeling of being loved more than enough.

If she complained to Josie, she'd hear her own words echoed back.

"Too bad. So sad."

Completely absorbed in her thoughts, she was caught unaware as warm, rough hands wrapped around her waist and yanked her into the playroom as she wandered absentmindedly down the hall to check in on Mike and Jillian. Dylan's scent filled her as he nuzzled her neck, then he pulled her to the ground.

Squeak! A little rubber giraffe protested as they fell on it. "A different kind of threesome," Dylan said in a low voice that never failed to make heat pool in her belly. And lower. Of course, it didn't take much these days to arouse her. She was like an eighteen-year-old boy assigned to check bathing-suit seams at a beauty pageant.

Perpetually excited and very, very motivated to make sure every detail was perfect.

"You want me to put that giraffe where?"

Booming laughter filled her ear, then hot hands slid up under her shirt, his palms venturing forth and pulling back, clenching her curves with a primal ownership. Faster than she realized, his mouth was on her nipple, biting lightly, sending white-hot signals straight to her clit, her body so ready for touch she seemed custom-designed for nothing but sex. Hot monkey sex, the kind you do seven times in twelve hours and then go eat ice cream in bed while watching '80s movies on cable.

That sounded even better than the sex cabin right now.

Hot monkey sex wasn't on the table, but Dylan's mouth was on her clit now, his hands unrolling her yoga pants and undies with ease, the soft carpet a lovely cushion for her bare ass as his intense face dove between her legs, tongue on a mission as Laura arched her hips and groaned.

As she rolled one hip, eager for his tongue on that spot, she yelped in pain.

Hot giraffe sex after all.

The damn toy cut into her thigh, the pressure making her leg muscle spasm. Dylan slid it out from under her and flung it across the room, where it struck a musical toy, the sound of bells and whooping alerts alternating with green, red, blue, and yellow flashing lights.

Giggling, she pushed him back in place, warmth flooding everything as his little groans of pride from giving her pleasure made her want to climax even more. Nothing turned her on as much as the sounds they made during sex-so real, intimate, and primal. Dirty talk was great, but the sighs, the moans, the licks and smacking sounds of really juicy sex was a layer of her own enjoyment she hadn't known existed until recently. Being even more real with Mike and Dylan meant being a sexual being who was open, willing, and realistic about what sex really was.

And right now, sex really was about grabbing fistfuls of his hair as his tongue danced on her and elicited an afternoon delight she hadn't seen coming just minutes ago.

But she could see herself coming, right-now.

The sound of a baby show on the television in the muted distance barely registered as Dylan's hand traveled up over the curve of her belly, the rounded slope of one breast, his finger and thumb teasing her nipple in time to the rhythmic strokes of his pointed tongue, the rapid flicker bringing her to her own hum, and she tipped over the edge into a writhing orgasm, riding his face, the man so caught up in the pointed focus on making her lose it that his intensity became her and drove her climax further and deeper.

"Dylan," she gasped as her ab muscles clenched into a wall that took over her ass, her clit, her internal passages, and every core muscle from pussy to navel, turning them into a steel vise of pure, unadulterated pleasure.

The push of her hips against his face and his determination to make her multiply satisfied made her relax completely into his mouth, knowing that he was at the ready for more, her hand reaching down to stroke his thick cock through his pants.

The gasp of hot air against her folds, the baring of his teeth that rested against her as he reacted, made her smile as she pushed his head away, her orgasms peaked and leaving her panting, something animal inside her wanting to wrap her lips around the base of him and give back at least-if not more-what he'd just given her.

Squeak.

Halfway down to his cock, her head tipped toward Dylan's now-bare, tantalizing navel, the sound made her halt. Dylan's legs tensed and his sharp inhale this time had nothing to do with her. Following his gaze, which looked...guilty?...she turned toward the doorway, where she found Mike towering over them, two steps in the cheerful room, his face anything but.

Before she or Dylan could open their mouths to explain, he held out a palm. Mike said exactly three words before he turned on his heel and left the room.

"It's my day."

* * *

Laura had to find a way to fix this. Day two of polite interaction with Mike, no affection, and a tight smile that reminded her of her old Republican congressman being forced to share a lunch table with Dan Savage. And his husband.

Dylan wasn't having much luck either.

"I've tried," he'd hissed over coffee that morning, both attempting to talk about what Mike wouldn't.

So they'd been playful and spontaneous and had sex on a plastic giraffe. That whole "assigned days" thing had been a general guideline-not the equivalent of tax policy, right? It wasn't like they could be audited and emotionally fined for sexing outside the box.

Right?

Mike, though, was acting as if she and Dylan had committed sex fraud. Tongue violations galore. Blatant disregard for orgasm limits. If their sex life had an alternative minimum tax, this would be Mike applying the formula and forcing her to give up a share of her last handful of climaxes.

She was taking this way too seriously.

Or personally. Likely both.

Then again, so was Mike.

Marching into the kitchen, determined to get more than three consecutive syllables out of him, she found him blending some ungodly green glop and pouring it into an ice cube tray.

"What is that?" It looked like something she'd vomited up after having her wisdom teeth removed after college.

"Kale/pear sauce. I figured Jillian could give it a try next." The slow march toward solids was not going as well as planned, as Miss Jillian The Milk Vacuum had decided that warm and directly from the tap was how she liked her nutrition.

Like an Irishman and his Guinness.

"Sounds delightful," she lied. "Now, can we talk about something other than the latest vegan baby trend and get to you let me in? I am so sorry, and I've said it a thousand times, but I can't apologize if you won't hear me."

"I hear you."

"No, hear me. Really hear me. Let me understand what's going on and tell me how you're feeling and then let me reflect and all that gooey interpersonal interplay that the Mike I thought I knew was into."

"I'm sorry I'm not being the person you thought I was." His voice was pleasant enough, but the words felt like little poison darts aimed right at her soul. That kind of detachment chilled her and made a deep part of her suddenly very, very vulnerable and afraid.

"What does that mean?"

"It means exactly what I said."

Oh, this game. She knew what he was doing. Saying words she was supposed to turn around on herself and take on, as if she were the one acting like a different person, as if she were in the wrong here, when all she'd done was had a lovely romp with one of her men. Mike's head games weren't going to work.

Maybe he's right, her guilty conscience chimed in. You haven't been as eager in bed with him as you have with Dylan lately.

Fuck off.

The voice skittered away.

She must have been glaring at Mike, because his eyes narrowed and matched hers. Great concentration was the only way she could relax, and as her face muscles shifted down to neutral he mimicked her subconsciously. Whatever was going on inside him wasn't intentional-that was helpful to realize.

Didn't make this any easier, though.

Glop delivered and smooshed into the trays, he put the entire mess in the freezer and washed his hands. Was he pretending the conversation was over? Acting like she wasn't there? Uncertain and confused-and also quite upset-she stood in the doorway. Dylan had Jillian right now, so they could avail themselves of all the time in the world. Talk. Sex. Coffee. Even-God forbid-a few runs down the slopes. Laura hated skiing. Hated it almost as much as childbirth. But she'd do it for Mike.

She'd do damn near anything for him and Dylan, and he knew it.

Which made this all the more perplexing. Had she been unfair? Yes. But they'd never treated their relationship as something to be equally doled out, as if each needed exactly 33.3333333333333 percent of some kind of relationship pie. This wasn't about making percentages add up. Emotions and time and sex and attention weren't like that. If they'd tried that kind of math they'd have failed long ago.

Instead-she thought-they'd all loosely fallen into a less-distinct process, a more cooperative way of living that involved everyone giving their best and hoping it would work out. Take when you needed to take and give when you needed to give. For nearly a year and a half that had worked, but this breakdown now showed her that clearly, something wasn't working.

As his strong back faced her, arms scrubbing furiously as he washed his hands, the scent of orange mint floated over his shoulder, the new dish soap inviting and fresh. Too bad life couldn't really be as clean and open as that soap seemed to promise, as if a scent could make the atmosphere happier than it really was.

Hesitant, then plunging in, she raised her hands and touched his shoulders, gradually laying her palms flat against the broad crossbar of the T that made up his shoulders and backbone. She expected him to stiffen, knowing that breaking through with Mike could be a slow-to-warm process.

Having him slump forward and rest his hands on either side of the sink as a slow, deep breath changed the landscape of his entire body was definitely a surprise. This was the act of a man deeply conflicted, of someone grappling with a core issue.

"Laura," he said with the rush of an out-breath, his tone of voice so hard to read. Was that passion? Exhaustion? Discord? That he said anything at all, though, was good.

Had she miscalculated? Invalidated his feelings? Misjudged so badly that she'd compromised the very center of what she held dear with him? Tears filled her eyes before either said a word, and as he turned to her there were so many layers of emotion in his face that she could spend an entire year alone with him before she could unpack all those messages.

"I'm not jealous," he said, the words coming out around a second sigh. His head tipped down and alarm shot through her at the way he said it. The hair on the nape of his neck was a golden brown, the same color as Jillian's, and much like her own blond locks. His shoulders slowly released as he added, "I am hurt."

Oh.

Ouch. Her hands would have started to shake if they weren't firmly flattened against his shoulders. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath.

Lean in. Her heart told her what to do. One step forward, so awkward and hard, and she rested her cheek against his spine, her belly pressing into his thigh.

"I'm sorry," she whispered, the teardrops mottling the back of his shirt. She reached the middle of his back like this and it made her feel childlike, small and wrong.

One out of three was true.

He turned around and somehow, the unbreachable was broken, the wall of thorns stripped away, the wall vanquished, as his arms wrapped around her shoulders and she twined hers about his waist. The heady aroma of orange and mint on his hands now had the scent of hope and renewal, of wholehearted love and faith.

Mike was so tall, so stalwart and steady, that she had taken for granted that his sheer size meant he was unbreakable, never shaken, always strong. Selfish of her to think it, she now realized.

He was fallible. And soft and vulnerable like her, too.

On the inside.

"When you acted like it was no big deal and Dylan said I should get over it and just take two nights in a row you both really made me feel as if my feelings didn't matter. How I felt in that moment has nothing to do with divvying up everything. It was a feeling, and they can't be spreadsheeted."

Her smile made her lip catch on of the buttons on the front of his shirt, which made her sniffle, which made her snort, which made him laugh.

"Sorry." She coughed. "I always get a stuffy nose when I cry."

"I know."

She loved that he knew. He pulled her back and gently wiped each tear from her face, the pad of his fingers tracing the path, working to give the rolling drop eternal companionship, a traveling partner in pain.

"Thank you."

"For what?"

"For telling me why you've been so closed up. And for having the courage to open up after I didn't treat you well."

Dylan's voice surprised her from behind. "We didn't treat you well." With a half-turn she could see him, a sleeping Jillian on his shoulder. "I'm sorry, dude. I had no idea you were that bothered."

Mike arched an eyebrow and Laura got it. Got it. What Dylan said wasn't an apology. She thought it was, and Dylan probably did as well, but seeing someone else deliver it like this gave her a new perspective.

"Dylan," she said quietly. "The fact that he was bothered at all is something we all need to deal with. It's not just Mike's issue."

Mike nodded quietly, his chin bobbing against the top of her head. "You get it," he whispered, squeezing her gently.

Blinking hard, Dylan shifted the baby to the other shoulder, resettling her head on his shoulder as she snored lightly. Absentmindedly, he stroked her hair, cupping the back of her head in a soothing manner that made Laura so ridiculously happy she couldn't put words to it.

"I think I understand. I basically just fake apologized, huh?"

Mike nodded.

"Like 'I'm sorry you were offended'? Where I'm apologizing for your emotional reaction and not for my action?" Dylan's lips pursed with the intensity of his realization.

"Someone's been watching Dr. Phil," Mike replied, as if impressed. Laura bit her lip, trying not to laugh.

Dylan pointed to the sleeping baby. "Blame her. Three o'clock nap." His brown eyes went soft as they jumped between Laura and Mike, friendly and apologetic. "I'm sorry, Mike."

"Much better," Mike said, a sad smile on his face.

"But...?" Dylan and Laura said in unison, drawing out the word like a question.

"Something's off. I don't know how to put it in words." Mike pulled back, leaving Laura frantically scrambling inside, like a gerbil on a wheel. Not knowing how to get off, but getting nowhere by being so panicked.

Dylan looked as worried as she was, which was a comfort. It's not just me.

"And maybe it is me, but it's not just me," Mike said. "We've been through so much in what feels like a short time span." The look he gave Dylan made Laura focus on Mike's eyes, so dark and conflicted, yet childlike in their openness and blessedly hopeful nature. The churning inside him was coming to the surface and she could taste his fear. What could be the source of this?

"Jill died, then we struggled, we met Laura, we screwed up-"

Her sudden laugh was like a guilty bark, making the baby jolt on Dylan's shoulder, waking with a start and grousing. No amount of head stroking made a difference, and Dylan gave Mike a sympathetic look.

Mike seemed determined to continue now that he'd given himself permission to really share. "-Laura shut us out, we missed so much of the pregnancy, then the fire...and that's not even the half of it."

The fire. That's right, Laura thought. The fire. Sometimes she blocked it out-needed to forget it-because the implications of what could have happened were too strong. Raising a baby without her mom was hard enough, but remembering how her grandparents died, her own confusion in the flames and smoke in her little apartment, how Dylan preternaturally knew what to do, instinct kicking in for him in a way that it should have for her...ruminating on it was too much.

She felt like a failure. The thought made the smallness return, a tiny ribbon of shame slipping into the cracks of her consciousness, where insecure dragons lurked behind every corner, waiting to attack.

"I can see you pulling away," Mike said quietly, and she flinched. "It's not just me." A storm of emotions bubbled inside her, each feeling flying past as she tried to identify it, too slow and too late. By the time she could even feel anything, the feelings turned into a blur, like a tornado of chaos inside that was so enormous she needed to numb it. Kill it. Cover it.

Feed it.

Pretending it didn't exist never worked, because the steady spiral of ever-moving tumult inside had a sound of its own, a high-pitched whine that made her vibrate from within. And not in a good way. Leaving her shaky and filled with trepidation, she knew this state only as discomfort.

Mike studied her; she felt his eyes lingering on hers, knew he sought to understand what she was thinking and feeling, and in that moment what she had always felt as extraordinary discomfort turned into a completely different sense.

Authenticity. Vulnerability. A peaceful, if painful, settling in that she could only do with Mike and Dylan. Only.

Ever.

"Hey," Mike whispered, and then Dylan interrupted as Jillian let out a loud, juicy sound from her diaper region that broke the contemplative moment, shattering the deep resonance she had just begun to feel. Leave it to a baby to strip you bare of any sense of decorum or deep anything. They lived on the very surface of life, all sensation and experience, without any of the baggage adults drag around like anchors weighted with pain.

"Whatever I was thinking has been replaced by a fleeting thought of baby wipes. Do we have enough?" she asked Dylan, who just shook his head with a healthy dose of good humor, waving his hand in front of the stinky baby's bum.

"We hit Costco last week, so we'd better." A quick look rippled among the three, an acknowledgement that pragmatics trumped all. And, she hoped, a promise to revisit what had just been a turning point inside her. What it meant, she didn't know.

Its evolution was more important than its purpose.

"I'm going to go take care of Stinkbug here," Dylan said quietly, his voice modulated in an attempt to keep the baby calm, though she began to wiggle and fuss, rendering his attempts fairly useless. "I'll change her and feed her and we'll go for a nice, long walk," he declared.

If he'd wiggled his eyebrows and thrown glow-in-the-dark condoms with lit sparklers attached, he couldn't have been more obvious.

Mike managed to nod, frown, smile and sigh-all at once. "Thanks," he said. Laura watched Dylan's back and Jillian's face as they faded down the hallway, his cooing adorable and Jillian so settled in (one of) her daddy's arms that she could complain and still be taken care of and love.

That shaky vibration within settled a bit, too, especially when Mike took his hand, large and warm and so assured in its grasp as he reached for her hip and guided her toward the bedroom.

Oh.

Oh.

This was, most definitely, not where she thought their conversation would lead them, and yet it made her breath hitch in a radically different way, her jumbled emotions all convening for a brief meeting to talk amongst themselves, only to emerge twenty seconds later with extraordinary consensus:

Yes.

He wasn't commanding, but he was clear in his intent, and as Laura felt the familiar need rise up she decided to flip this scenario and focus entirely on him. Maybe she'd taken him a little too for granted when it came to sex and bedroom intimacy, too. Focusing too much on her own newly resurgent sexual needs might have left her a little blind when it came to Mike. Dylan tended to ask openly for what he wanted, more assertive and dominant, while Mike could certainly go alpha when he needed to, but today was an example of how complex he was.

Deep layers and a quiet surface meant that she needed to be more incisive, infer more, when it came to truly being there for him. Right now, what she needed was to give selflessly. Fully. And not take one iota.

Not one bit.

Not even a drop.

Climbing on the bed, she pulled up onto her knees and yanked with more force than she expected, pulling him on to the bed, then straddling him. Without a single word, she untucked his shirt and began to undo his pants.

"Hello there," he said with a sly purr, hands lacing behind his head, his triceps popping from under his sleeves. The look on his face said, Please, continue.

With a twinkle she hadn't seen in a while.

"This all right?"

"When is this ever not all right?" he asked, an incredulous tone in his voice, but something unspoken was in the tone. A thank you. A touch of gratitude for knowing what he needed without being asked. Her fingers slid the waistband of his jeans over those carved hips, pulling down, setting him free and unencumbered of the burden of any layers between them. Just what he wanted.

Exactly what she wanted.

"What about you?" he murmured, hands firmly in place beneath his neck, arms stretched up, chest and torso long and elegant, cock at the ready. Winter had dimmed his skin from a burnished gold to a more sedate hue, though his face remained tan from being on the slopes more than one would expect an owner to be.

"It's your day," she said without snark or bitterness, a smile tickling her lips. His wary look made her glad, too, the neutral way she spoke coming from a place in her that wanted the world to work in harmony. "Let this be about just you."

"But-"

"And it will make tonight that much better."

"Tonight?" His voice went mellow and rich, into a register that made her neck tilt and her belly ache with desire, but no-this was about giving.

Tonight, though, she would take, take, take. The heat between her legs confirmed it.

Mike enjoyed long, dry strokes at first; she'd learned over their time together that everything she thought she knew about blowjobs-and everything that did apply to Dylan-didn't mean anything when it came to what turned Mike on. Relearning how to give a man this kind of pleasure felt like an advanced seminar in sexuality, the kind of upper-division course you think will be a complete blow-off (no pun intended) but that shakes the core of your knowledge paradigm, making you question the entire framework upon with your expertise hinges.

And that was perfectly fine.

A few strokes and then she clasped the root of him, her fingers closing and squeezing far harder than she would imagine any man would enjoy-but Mike groaned, a sound of ecstasy. Her other hand went under his balls and her thumb pushed against the thick wall of muscle between his scrotum and anus, her mouth covering just the tip of him, his hips thrusting up a few inches, though settling right back down.

Her mouth-her control.

The hand around the base of him let go and she took in his muscled buttock, the thick lines of his powerful ass turning her on more than she wanted, making it so much harder to focus solely on him. Squirming a bit, she wanted his hand-his mouth...hell, her hand-on her own clit for a quick release, but that would have to wait. The steady throb of her own soaking wet self was a reminder that there was no isolation of pleasure. She couldn't just give, any more than she and Dylan could make love with Mike in the room and not have him react. All sensuality was connected.

The idea of disconnection was the mistake.

There should be no "my day" at all. That was where the three of them had erred.

Time later for philosophical discussions, though-right now she had him in her mouth, her tongue performing a lazy walk around the cock's cap, one hand on his sac, the other up over his washboard abs and now teasing his nipple, which peaked at her touch. She looked up at him to find closed eyes and a frown of deep concentration and focus. Whatever she could give him now, she hoped, would make him trust her to give a complete release, open and bare to her.

A naked body was fairly easy to share with someone else. A naked self? Damn near impossible.

His inner thighs went tight as a shift in his hips made his glutes rock hard, chest a lovely, hard-cut expanse of man she never tired of watching. The tightness was a sure sign that his release was coming any second now.

Not yet, she thought, wanting to draw this out. A long, slow, wet stroke down, her throat relaxing to take him in, and then a slick suck going back up made him buck and moan "Laura!" through gritted teeth.

"Not yet," she whispered, blowing air gently on his wet tip, making his body shiver. Hands buried in her hair and he made a sound of gratitude and frustration, twinned forever together in her mind.

Now she pulled both hands back to his base, one stroking him up to the rim, her mouth deep throating him, her other hand rolling his balls. A dip down to suck one into her mouth felt like a guilty pleasure of her own, the harsh hush of his breath sucking in through his teeth followed by a full-body clench, and then-

"Oh!" he gasped, the hot flow of his pleasure into her mouth surprising her, his climax coming sooner than she'd read, her ability to catch and interpret his signals clearly off. Following his movements, she caught it all, and as he twitched and panted, movements slowing, skin rasping against the sheets as he relaxed, she pulled her mouth off his hot, wet cock in a slow, studied movement, keeping her lips together at the end, and then swallowed.

He groaned again, this time with a touch of humor and playfulness. "You look very pleased with yourself." He chuckled as she sat up and just looked at him, eyes taking in his perfection.

"I am." The salty fluid tasted a bit like mango and crackers. How odd.

"You should be." With open arms, he beckoned to her, and as she settled against his bare chest she reveled in the incongruity of her entirely clothed body against his utterly naked one. The balance of power was off.

Kind of fun like this.

Mike took deep belly breaths, Laura fixated on his navel and watching its rise and fall, the tranquility of the moment making her slip into a hypnotic state. If they'd had more time she could have fallen asleep, so peaceful were his breaths.

"Thank you," he murmured.

"You're welcome." She crawled up him, sleek and catlike, and planted a kiss on his lips.

"About tonight," he added.

"Oh, don't you worry," she said in a low, determined voice. "I haven't forgotten about tonight."

And then her ass buzzed.

Fucking phone. She looked-voicemail message. Josie. Holding up one finger, she walked out of the room, dialing as she went to the bathroom and shut the door.

"'lo?"

"Josie?" Thank God. She needed a friend. A voice. An ear. Someone sympathetic and empathetic who could just listen. Let her talk and unwind all the tangled thoughts and feelings that made every part of herself feel so confused.

"Who else would it be? You got Joe programmed in your phone next to my name, too? Because if you're calling for law school advice-"

"Joe?"

Josie snorted. "Darla's been sexting me."

"That's an interesting relationship you have there," Laura said, coughing.

"Ha ha. 'Joe' and 'Josie' are next to each other in the contacts list on her phone. I'm ready to change my name to Zandramander at this rate if it gets her to stop." Josie's voice went low. "You wouldn't believe the pictures they take of each other."

Laura shuddered, the taste of Mike still sharp in her mouth. She needed to get off the phone, fast. "What's up? You never call this time of day unless you have a business question."

Half the time Laura forgot that the dating service even existed. Then she felt tremendous guilt, because the venture was backed by money Mike and Dylan readily gave her, expecting nothing in return and not really caring whether it generated a profit. The unspoken secret between the three was that the two billion plus change that the men had in trust, and the millions they earned every year in income payout, was more than enough money for Laura to spend as she pleased on whatever she wanted, for Dylan to fund his foundation, and to support Mike's work at the ski resort.

In other words-and this was where she cringed, but gritted her teeth and faced the truth-Good Things Come in Threes was just a pet project. It never had to turn a profit. In truth, it could bleed money forever and all would be well.

"Just calling to say 'hi'," Josie said in a voice so friendly Laura almost started crying. She missed her friend.

"I need to meet for coffee." Laura said the words before she realized it was exactly what she wanted and needed.

"Fake meeting?"

"Yep. But make sure it doesn't seem like a fake meeting."

"Gotcha. I can't today, though. How about tomorrow?"

Laura did a mental scan. Shit. Tomorrow she had a doctor's appointment for Jillian and a playgroup. "Can't tomorrow."

"Day after? I'm free," Josie said.

Mental scan again. "Yes! I'm free."

"See you at Jeddy's. One o'clock." Click. That was easy. A little too easy.

Laura needed easy right now.

The fact that the company existed at all was its own reward in such a scenario. When you took away the standard economic trappings that the bottom 99.9999999999999 percent of the world assumed to be a permanent, fixed, and universal part of the structure of society, what Laura and Josie were doing with the dating service made zero sense.

Who starts a new business in a down economy, with an extremely limited niche clientele, with no simple way to advertise, and with people like the Westboro Baptists as likely to generate negative publicity as the local start-up incubator in Cambridge?

There wasn't a huge support network for threesomes, after all. That wasn't conjecture. They'd learned the very hard way since news about the company had spread as it had become the butt of bad jokes on Reddit and BuzzFeed, at one point going viral-but never getting the attention dinosaur porn or Duck Dynasty had captured, thank goodness. What she, Dylan, and Mike viewed as a simple attempt to help people earnestly searching for something hard to attain had become corrupted by the views of a small minority that viewed the very existence of a desire for love out of step with society as an abomination.

Dylan weathered it best, somehow able to compartmentalize and view the negative press as "their fucking problem, not mine. Assholes." Mike had gone quiet, angry, and disappointed, though Laura shouldn't have been surprised. His own family rejected him for the same reason; why should he expect strangers to hold him in any higher esteem?

But Laura had needed to put herself on a strict media diet. A news fast. Josie read everything because she seemed to be made of Teflon ("Plus, it's my job now, Laura," she'd explained in a kind, though troubled, voice).

Why all of that mess invaded her thoughts now, as Mike surprised her in the bathroom wearing jeans and nothing else, sliding his hands over her shoulders and sinking one into her hair, bringing his mouth to hers, was a mystery. All she knew was that he needed and wanted her to help heal a rift between them (among them?) and she was here.

"I love you," he sighed against her mouth. He winced and pulled back.

"I love you, too." She saw the funny look on his face. "You okay?"

"That's quite a...taste." He reached for a glass of water and turned on the tap, filling it. After chugging a glass, he refilled it and handed it to Laura, who just chuckled.

"What about you?" he asked in a slow, lazy voice. She knew he didn't mean love. Lust, on the other hand...

"You can take care of me later," she said, laughing in a manner she'd only recently been able to reach, a tone of playful understanding that everything in this household would balance out in time. No niggling need to get what she wanted while she could. It would come to her eventually. As if the universe were somehow conspiring to make her happy.

In a way, it was. Good karma was flying her way, and if she slowed down enough to grab on to a piece, the ride was amazing. So was the view.

"We can take care of you later," he said, making her eyebrows arch. Men. First he spent two days pouting...sulking...stewing...eh-pick a word-because she was sexual with Dylan on Mike's "day," and now he acted as if that was all over and of course she'd sleep with both of them.

Of course.

And then there was Dylan, who had confessed he knew it was Mike's day, and further knew that Mike would be upset, but had jumped her bones-in his words-"because your tits looked so fucking scrumptious when you walked past me wearing no bra." So evolved. She'd strained an optic nerve rolling her eyes.

What was she? A piece of meat?

The anger that would have rushed to the top in a wave of pure, primal fury wasn't there. In its place uncoiled a slow, deep breath, one of experience and a carefully developed pause button on her tempter. Reactions would get her nowhere.

"What if I don't want we?"

Blinking hard, Mike seemed taken aback. "You don't?" The lush moment in the bedroom just now faded. Fast.

"Maybe I just want you." On firmer ground now, she was balancing on the razor's edge of being an adult and focusing on forging alliances and connections with mindfucking him. She didn't always choose the mature path, no matter how hard she tried.

Right now, maturity was barely winning out.

Barely.

With intent, she held back from touching him or sitting within physical proximity. Sometimes she wanted to nurture her anger. Defensive? Yes. Unfair? To everyone. But when she was outnumbered two to one and there was no blueprint for how to navigate living with two men in a balanced (supposedly), permanent, loving threesome, she had so few options that gave her any sense of equilibrium, no matter how misguided at times.

If being angry and embracing it was a stepping stone to a better understanding of who she was within this crazy relationship, then so be it.

Besides, if Mike could be pissed for two days and take it out on her, she should be able to have a couple of hours where the guys were in the wrong, right?

Balance and all that.

Balance was increasingly overrated.

Mike

Run. Run and just...run some more. His body started the low, deep rumble, the vibration that made his soul scream out for release. Whatever was going on inside him didn't have words, and that made interacting with Laura and Dylan so damn hard.

Words were hard.

Running was easy.

The pounding of his feet on the pavement, the blur of trees and sunshine and clouds. Or, hell, rain pelting him while he ran in the heat, stripping off his shirt and being as close to nature as he could. Within public nudity laws and basic physics, because naked running would, um, hurt. Rebound effect and all that.

As Laura's speckled green eyes glared at him, he stood shirtless and commando, his jeans an afterthought, his body pulsing now with the desire not to escape, but to push his body into a zone where emotions could be handled one by one, instead of on top of each other in a giant pile.

Right now, his inner world looked like a fucking garbage dump.

And no one wanted to smell that.

"What's wrong, Laura? What did I say?"

"It's what you don't say," she said with a sigh. Mike knew that sigh. He'd thrown it around these past few days. No name for it, unfortunately. It just was, like a stray cat that shows up on your door and proceeds to piss all over the perimeter of your home, claiming its territory and making life miserable for you.

Until it decides to leave.

He had no control over these feelings. None. It made his jaw tighten, because holy shit-if he couldn't control his own feelings, how could he reach out and help Laura with hers?

It made him feel like a giant failure. As he towered over her, standing behind her at the sink, he saw their height difference and realized that compared to her, he really was a giant.

Failure, too.

These damn feelings...and talking. Laura had been content, when they'd first met, to have him be silent and to just be with him. In fact, she had seemed to like his stillness. Years of meditation, practice, and thousands of miles eaten up by his legs had gotten him to that point. The reality of being centered on the inside was that it took a lot more work than it seemed from the outside.

And now, Laura had worked to pierce his shield and succeeded, not just with sex but with the expression of caring, of wanting to ride out his confused mood with him. Not just to help, but to walk alongside him on his psychological journey as he plumbed whatever these emotions were.

That was love.

That was rare.

She tilted her head to the side and the expanse of her creamy skin, where the neck and shoulder met, called out for a kiss. Not knowing what else he could do without screwing this up more, he planted a tiny kiss there, his tongue slipping out to taste her. Salty, with a touch of something more. Laura seemed to have an essence about her, and not just in her sensual juices when they made love.

She tasted like Laura. He couldn't describe it any more than he could detail what an orgasm felt like, or how he'd experienced the moment Jillian's head had crowned, watching his daughter emerge into the word. Like trying to define love, it couldn't be contained within something so rudimentary as language.

It was a flavor he savored.

Her anger-he guessed it was anger, at least-melted as his lips caressed her neck, dipping over her to the collarbone. The jeans tightened, his shaft down his leg and pressed against his thigh, now thickening.

Already? Not bad for a guy in his thirties. When he was seventeen he could be rock hard ten minutes after a rousing batch of sex. Lately it took longer.

Apparently, this was different. He took a deep breath half filled with pride and amusement, his lips turning up in a smile he couldn't stop.

"What's funny?" Laura asked. Could she feel his smile on her skin?

And then he looked up. The mirror. Of course. Yet it wouldn't surprise him if she could read his emotions purely by touch. Their connection was that strong.

All three of them.

"I'm thinking about how hard I'm getting."

"Again?" Her voice turned up with a questioning surprise and a sultry tone that made him remove one hand from her shoulders and dig into his jeans, adjusting himself as the seam irritated the head of his cock.

Oh, yeah. Again, all right. He was hard as granite.

"You said you didn't want we right now. How about me?" he asked, his tongue now seeking the sensitive spot beneath her earlobe, the part he knew she could barely tolerate having touched. That spot made her wet, though.

And Mike definitely wanted her nice and wet for what he was about to do with her.

Something that required very few words, half of them variations of "Oh, God."

Those words he could handle right now.

Laura spun around and reached up on tiptoes. He slid his hands over that hot ass and, cupping it, lifted her up. Just as he hoped, her legs wrapped around his waist as her hands plunged into his hair, mouth slanting across his and tongue burying itself. His tongue sought her heat, craved her touch, needed more connection than they'd just had.

And he'd thought that had been just fine.

Tired of accepting just fine, Mike shifted into some predatory mode that fueled him, his body taking everything she gave and insisting on more, his hands hungry on her ass, her back, prowling over her breasts and stroking each nipple to a peak, the way he claimed her absolutely and utterly complete.

He owned her.

He wanted her to know that. While he and Dylan shared Laura, and she shared them, there was no reason she shouldn't also know that she was his one hundred percent. Relationship math did not have to balance out.

Ever.

There was room for New Math in plenty of places.

Barreling out of the bathroom, he threw her onto the bed where she'd just sucked him off, where his body had shimmered and convulsed under her steady and knowing hands.

His turn.

This really was his day. In full. He raked her clothes off, hands moving so fast they felt like a blur. Making love with Laura, with or without Dylan, was always passionate and sweet and loving, but sometimes...sometimes he wanted more of an edge.

The thought passed through his mind that he needed to slow down, to contemplate, as her bare body wiggled under his, her gasps and wide eyes telling him she was aroused and excited, and then when her hand unbuttoned his jeans and he kicked them off, the full length of his muscled heat pressed against her hot, lush curves, he kicked that thought away like a ninety-yard punt.

Through the fucking goalposts, man.

Balance was so overrated.

Laura was on the pill, one of the first things she'd done after having Jillian, so he knew he was safe, and he reached down between her legs to find her slick and ready. Her moans as he moved his thumb in lazy, wet circles over her swollen clit told him she was ready, but he wanted to be sure.

"Fuck me, Mike. I want you in me," she whispered.

Okay...sometimes words worked.

With his arms on either side of her, he steadied himself above her, dipping down for a heated kiss as she lifted her hips up, wrapping her legs around him. She was so soft and tantalizing, a gift that kept on giving, and as she shifted just enough and used her hand to guide him in, he said the only words he could think.

"I love you."

The moment of pushing into her was like looking up to see a shooting star, as if the heavens made it just for you and you alone. That was how Mike felt as her wet warmth encased him, his head bent down next to her neck as her little gasps and moans fueled him. All he wanted to do was to take, to be free and uninhibited, and something primal pounded through him as a low heat singed his skin, sweat forming on their chests as he thrust into Laura, her body moving up to meet his, her hips tipping in concert.

He pinned her to the bed with each deep thrust, imagining he was burrowing into her soul to combine his and hers, to create a new love that would pulse through them both. Watching her was like seeing the world for the first time, her face glowing and eyes unfocused, brow furrowed with concentration and the epic sense that his body, his will, his touch was driving her to a place no one ever took her before.

And then she clenched deep inside, encasing him, the power of her sex muscles so strong he cried out her name, the deep grooves milking him like a determined hand, the wetness and the warmth and her power making his release so close.

"Oh, Mike, oh," she shouted, her voice low and smoky, like a woman who knew herself and how to make him hers. He took one rosy nipple in his mouth and nipped, the bite stronger than intended, and she came with a force that made him smile through her orgasm, matching her rhythm, never letting go of her pebbled flesh.

One of the final spasms inside her tipped him over, too, and he finished with deep, almost-frantic thrusts that burst through with a growl, like an animal making his mark on his mate, the feel of his hot seed pouring into her so ungentlemanly that he wondered at the power he possessed, ever at his access, her arms around him and scratching at his back as she tightened around him and came again, this time with God's name pouring out of those luscious, beautiful lips.

He collapsed on top of her, breathing hard, her breasts sliding against his chest, the feel of her goodness pinned under him like a prize.

He balanced himself on his elbows and looked tenderly at her, the animal instinct all gone, replaced by a slyness.

"What was that?" she whispered, breathless.

"That," he said, kissing the tip of her nose, "was me."

* * *

Maybe it was time to hand off the reins to someone else, Mike thought, as Shelly calmly explained that their liability insurance would increase twenty-three percent when they renewed the policy, and that the lodge restaurant really needed to add a gluten-free menu, because their competitor across the mountain had just added one, and customers were asking.

Laura's scent filled his brain, taking over.

"Earth to Mike? We need some decisions," Shelly chided. Young and bold, his assistant had this way of being that demanded obedience, even when she was the subordinate.

It was unsettling, but she kept the place going, so he tolerated it. On days like this, he reveled in it.

"You know what, Shelly? It's time to give you a promotion."

Her neck pulled back in shock. "A what?"

"A promotion. How about...operations manager? A move up from administrative assistant." He paused for a second, realizing he had no idea what he would pay her. A promotion had to come with a raise, though, right?

"But the operations manager job...you're still taking resumes and the interviews start next week. And I don't have a bachelor's degree. The job requires one." The arguments surprised him. She almost didn't seem to want it. Weird.

Too bad.

"You're more qualified than any of the applicants, and it's easier to get a good administrative assistant than it is to find an operations manager who can run this place smoothly."

She snorted. "You think finding a good admin is 'easy'?" She brushed a piece of her overgrown red hair out of her eyes. He wondered if she was growing it out. There was a scraggly look to it. Appraising her, he realized she was looking thin and stressed. She was twenty now. No one should be stressed at twenty.

"You want the job or not?" Truth be told, he didn't want to make liability insurance decisions, or deal with finding cooks who could be retrained to deal with food allergies. All of those issues were important to the ski resort, of course.

But did he have to be the one in charge of making those decisions?

No. Hell no. Time to delegate.

"Uh, yes!" She reached for a file on Mike's desk and pulled it out. "The job description," she said, waving a piece of paper in his face. "You realize the salary is...I'd get a sixty percent raise."

He smiled wide. "You deserve it."

"You are fucking kidding me." Her eyebrow cocked up. "What kind of CEO are you, throwing jobs around like candy and hiring someone who doesn't meet the qualifications on paper?"

He looked out at the fresh powder on the double black diamond trail, the tip of the mountain calling his name.

"The kind of CEO who needs to do quality control on his own mountain."

"Mike!"

He shrugged into his coat, ignoring the messages and paperwork that would keep him here for ten hours. "You can take over a lot of this," he said, gesturing at the pile. "Leave the things I need to do. And start your raise and promotion immediately."

"But-"

"I think that you're struggling to find the right words, Shelly."

"The right words?" She looked at him like he was crazy.

"Thank you. Just say 'thank you.'"

He heard the words in a faint shout as he made his way to the outer doors, texting Laura and Dylan.

* * *

"I am going to die," Laura said in a low, shaking voice.

"It's skiing. Not BASE jumping. You aren't cage fighting. You're riding down a tiny slope on skis." Mike sighed. People let their fear get in the way of the exhilarating push down a mountain. The control, the easy glide, the heart-pumping challenge of the slopes-nothing was better.

Well, sex was better. And fatherhood. And love. But aside from those...

"Death on sticks," she grumbled.

Try as he might, he couldn't get her off the bunny slope. This was a source of endless teasing from his staff. When Mike had been "just" a ski instructor here for all those years, he'd had a reputation for being the only instructor who could teach anyone, and have them up on the lower trails within hours.

Fear? Fear had no place in skiing. Yet Laura was the hardest student he'd ever faced in well over a decade of teaching on the slopes.

"Laura," he whispered in her ear, "there's no reason to be afraid. Worst case, you fall. And we've practiced falling."

"You've practiced falling. I've just actually fallen. Over and over." She eyed the bunny slope with trepidation. Someone had put small barrels out to help new skiers to handle turns.

He couldn't help but laugh. That just made her scowl. She looked adorable with her ski goggles, white jacket, and tight white pants. Her golden hair peeked out from under a knit hat, and a white helmet with purple stripes topped her head.

A pink nose poked out from under her goggles. It wasn't cold enough for a balaclava, and the new powder made this a perfect day to spend hours out here instead of chained to a desk. Dylan was in the lodge, playing with Jillian in the new Kid's Korner they'd installed shortly after she was born. The added playroom pulled in a lot of parents of small children, and by letting one couple share a single ski lift pass, he'd gained a huge following among parents of little kids.

And why not? He, Dylan, and Laura knew how hard it was. Firsthand. When Mike watched the parents of two little ones come in, he always smiled. A bit wistfully. Jillian was pulling up now, and that meant she would walk soon, babyhood fading.

Maybe she needed a sibling.

He hadn't said those words to anyone. Those were words that were very, very dangerous. Yet he knew they needed to be said one day.

Just not yet.

"I am going to snap a knee and it will be your fault," Laura said in a tight voice as she looked down the puny hill. Before she could say anything else, Mike took the little bunny slope in ten seconds and cut at the bottom, sending an intentional spray of snow out like a giant fan.

"Showoff!" she called from above.

He couldn't argue. "That's right! And you'll get to my level soon enough." A lie. A complete lie, but he said it anyway because he knew that half the battle with becoming a competent skier was in the mind.

"LIAR!" she screamed down the hill. A four year old whizzed past her and gave her a thumbs up, doing a credible imitation of Mike's maneuver and filling Mike's mouth with snow.

Deep, loud laughter came out of him, the feeling coming from the bottom of his lungs, a release his body needed. "Awesome! High five!" The little kid shimmied over to him and jumped up on the skis to land a high five, then skittered off, bent over in that crouched way kids with lower centers of gravity had. No poles, either; Mike taught the young ones that way. Made them less dependent on the poles and-more pragmatically-less likely to poke themselves or anyone else.

"You're both showoffs!" Laura called down.

"Quit stalling!"

She planted her hands on her hips and shook her head, then put the poles down. Her legs went into snowplow position-like an inverted V-and he groaned. She was still stuck at that level.

And then she pushed off, and to his surprise she pulled out a bit from the V, keeping the skis parallel as she slowly descended, her calves turning enough, tight muscles working to get around the first barrel. Good! Then she managed the second and third like a pro, gaining speed.

"Good speed!" he called out. The shout unnerved her, he could see, and he regretted it instantly. No longer in control of her legs, her core muscles and arms didn't give her enough balance, and he could predict, with pinpoint precision, what would happen next.

Once you let fear take over, the muscles freak out and aim for what they know. When you're in a situation so unfamiliar, and gliding on snow on wooden sticks in a body that's only done it a handful of times, there is no easy "normal," so the muscles go crazy and the brain can only see one option.

Get on safe ground.

Except you can't, because falling on skis has its own set of dangers.

And so panic hits, control abates, and you just-crash.

Laura made it to the bottom of the hill and Mike skied quickly to her, to try to break her fall, but she crashed smack into the orange construction netting his staff had placed there to stop kids (and adults) from sliding off into the abyss and snowballing down into a culvert.

Suppressing a smile, he stood over her and said quietly, "You did a great job until the end."

"Oh," she groaned. The same word she used sometimes during sex sounded nothing like its aroused form. "I think I broke something."

Alarm shot through him and he looked up for a medical responder. "Leg? Wrist?"

"Ego."

Adrenaline burst through him as her self-deprecating laughter clued him in that she was safe and unhurt. "Don't joke like that!" He bent down and began untangling her ski from the orange mesh. "How did you manage to get the ski through three separate holes?"

"I'm talented that way," she grumbled, settling on her back, right leg twisted in a suspicious manner as Mike worked on the left leg. Seeing her in repose, eyes hidden by amber goggles but lips spreading in a sheepish grin, made him love her even more.

Trying. She was trying to join him in his world, his love of skiing, and he loved her for it. His gloves were in the way of unraveling the mesh, so he pulled them off and she reached out to hold them.

"I think we need to pop off your skis and figure out the rest."

"Good." She laughed. "You do that and I'll hobble over to the lodge for a latte."

"No way," he said firmly. "You need to own this hill before I let you take a break."

"I will dominate the bunny slope! I have the power!" she shouted, tipping her head back as he stood and reached down to pull her up.

"You can't handle the bunny slope?" a kid with a snowboard said, pushing past. Twelve or thirteen, Mike guessed, a light sprinkling of pimples on the part of the face not covered by goggles or helmet. His voice dripped with condescension.

"What?" Laura joked back, not letting him get to her. Mike admired that. "I own the bunny slope. Watch out! Bunny slope today, Chuck E. Cheese climbing structure tomorrow. I will dominate!" The kid shook his head and glided off, one foot hooked into the snowboard bindings, the other pushing himself to the ski lift.

"Double black diamond for me!" he shouted back.

"You can have it!" Laura responded, then looked at Mike. Without thinking, he reached down to kiss her, their goggles clanking against each other, pain shooting through his brow and ears.

"Ow!" she said, giggling. Both pulled their respective goggles up over their helmets and the kiss was awkward. Heartfelt, but awkward.

"What was that for?" she asked.

"For joining my world."

"Well, then, thank you," she replied.

"For what?"

"For rocking mine."

Josie

The text simply read: You ever been on a plane before?

Darla.

Yes. You haven't? she texted back.

Josie could easily imagine that Darla hadn't, because it wasn't like Aunt Kathy was a platinum club member of any frequent-flyer club. Living in a trailer in a tiny town in Ohio on the Pennsylvania border hadn't given her niece Darla a life of luxury.

When the hell would I? Between my champagne and lobster buffets when I worked midnights at the gas station and my caviar dreams when I slept in the trailer with the pipes all frozen? Darla texted back.

That was about what Josie expected.

What's up with planes? The guys ask you to go somewhere special? Josie responded, ignoring the sarcasm. Darla was in a permanent, loving threesome relationship with Joe Ross and Trevor Connor, members of the band Random Acts of Crazy. She worked now as the operations assistant for Good Things Come in Threes, where Josie was the...hell, they didn't have a name for what Josie did.

She ran the place.

A dating service for women who want two men and want the triad to work out forever was one hell of an anomaly in today's world, but then again, Josie was, too. Assembling a family of her own out of good friends who were all living a little (or a lot) off the beaten path was about all she could manage, aside from the incredibly normal boyfriend she'd stumbled into finding eight months ago, at her best friend's birth.

How did she snag normal? Thinking about Alex came as easily as breathing or masturbating. You just did.

Aren't you working right now? Josie asked. She needed to get her mind off Alex and masturbating, because she was going to get that hot, tingly flush that would dog her for hours, making her clit scream for attention and driving her to rub one off in a bathroom if she didn't divert now.

Yep. New lead! A chick named Callie. That makes six new signups from women and three from men this week, Darla replied.

You coming home for dinner? Josie asked. Mundane details. Ask about mundane details and make the rising swell inside her go away. Was this what it was like for guys who thought about baseball statistics to keep from prematurely ejaculating during sex?

She would have to ask Alex later.

And...there she was, back at thinking about Alex. That tight, inviting body. The smattering of dark hairs over a chest with muscles that swelled, his cobra back hot and chiseled. How his muscles curved in at the hips, making her drool just to imagine him. His fevered breath hissing her name as he thrust into her...

Damn it.

She was at an office supply store, picking out a printer stand, the most mundane task on the planet short of choosing curtain rods. Who gets horny in an office supply store? Maybe Steve Carell. Who knows. But for Josie, just the fact that thinking about Alex could get her into this kind of throbbing state was a huge warning bell and source of tremendous joy.

Both. Warning and joy. Because Josie was that fucked up on the inside.

Nope. Back to planes. Help? Darla texted.

Didn't Trevor and Joe give you advice? Josie responded.

No, the guys didn't. Just asking. What do I need to know? Darla replied. Something about that sentence did not make sense, but Josie didn't feel like prying when she had a big old red clit like a button that, if pressed, would scream out something other than, "Yeah, we got that."

Don't joke about bombs, Josie texted back.

Haha, Darla replied. A chill shot through Josie, helping to quell her need for Alex, for an electronic vibrator, for her own hand. If Darla made a joke in front of a TSA agent, she'd get the cavity search of her life. Though, Josie assumed, Trevor and Joe had probably done quite well in that area...

THAT killed off her arousal lickety-split. Whew.

No-seriously, Darla, don't you make a single fucking joke about a bomb, she typed back, slamming her fingertips against the phone as if Darla would realize her emphasis. This was serious stuff.

Like I look like a bomber, Josie. What am I going to do? Eat a can of beans and sit on the pilot's head? That's about the only bomb I can manage, Darla said with a smiley face.

No one looks like a bomber, you idiot, Josie replied. That's the point.

Especially me, was Darla's response. You could take her out of small-town Ohio and put her in classes at Harvard, and have her in a long-term relationship with two guys in Ivy League law schools, but sometimes Josie wondered about Darla's provincialism. Being blond and curvy didn't mean anything when a TSA agent was concerned about abnormal behavior.

And while Darla was no terrorist, she cornered the market on abnormal.

So help me motherfucking God, if I have to come bail you out of federal prison and explain that shit to Aunt Kathy because you couldn't shut down the short circuit between your funny bone and your mouth, I will make you sponge bath my mother when she is too old to care for herself, Josie answered in two texts.

Silence.

More silence.

And then: Point received.

Whew.

Any more advice that doesn't mean I need to go poke my eyes out with a hot car cigarette lighter after reading it? Darla added.

Josie thought for a moment, imagining Darla at a TSA checkpoint.

And then: Yes. Don't wear an underwire bra.

WHAT? Darla texted. WHAT does my bra have to do with flying? I'm not going to stab someone to death with my underwire.

The thought made Josie giggle, and she looked down at her own modest chest. I read it somewhere, Josie answered. Research it for yourself.

K. Tnx. was the only response.

She tipped her head up and her neck muscles groaned with the stretch. How long had she been bent over her phone, a texting zombie like half the population of Cambridge and Somerville? Slapping one hand on the printer stand she was sure would work, she realized it would be easier to order it on her phone and have it delivered to the office than to buy it here and haul it there on her own. The order took all of five clicks.

Done.

Ah, technology. She heard they even had vibrator apps on smartphones these days. Alex had come home from work one day telling her all about them, a weird smirk on his face.

Alex. Back to thinking about Alex and sex.

She needed to go do something about that.

Right now.

* * *

Outdoor sex was their thing, but this was going way too far. "I am not fucking on a public ice-skating rink, Alex!" Josie said as his hands pawed at her jeans, trying to work the button with fingers so cold she feared having one slip inside her, like a vagina popsicle.

"Why not?" Hot breath tickled her ear. What tiny sliver of ear skin she allowed to touch the air. Boston was experiencing one of the coldest weeks on record and it was twilight, the air temperature dropping more with each breath.

She had to hand it to him-the setting was amazing. An open-air pond that had frozen just right, leaving skaters to play on the ice for free, bare trees surrounding the little alcove he'd pulled her into. Streetlights dotted the landscape on the road above them, but otherwise the only light came from the full moon.

Full moon. It always brought Alex outside, his cock hard as a rock, his mind in single pursuit of her body and her heart, unencumbered and outside, air a strong aphrodisiac, the pull of which she found hard to fight.

Like gravity.

Like sexual tension and need, all rising up inside her but abruptly cut off by his icicle fingers.

Bet his tongue is nice and warm, though, her little devil inside said. "Devil" was a euphemism for clit. Her clit said it, and she was unabashedly out for some action right now. Unable to get home after her earlier shopping trip, Josie had walked around town with fire between her legs.

And Alex had just the right hose to put it out.

He took her glove off and shoved her hand down the front of his jeans. Ah. Commando. How could guys go around without underwear when it was six degrees outside? Seriously? Didn't their mushroom caps turn into little push-up bars? How could you leave so much to the cold elements?

Her hand warmed up instantly as she brushed against his soft, thick goodness. "Who needs hand warmers?" she murmured, and then slipped on the ice, her hand caught in his pants and dragging him down with a lurch and a strangle cry.

He sounded mutilated. Her fingers were tangled in the thatch of his hair and one testicle was clenched in her fist that she'd involuntarily made as she struggled to remain upright.

"Did I break something?" she said, worried now-unable to stop giggling at the absurdity of what they were doing, though.

"If you did," he said with a choking sound, "I know a way you can fix it. And," he muttered, looking at his package, unbuttoning his jeans, "after what you just plucked out, I won't need to be waxed for months."

Her giggles increased and she couldn't stop, overcome with wet eyes and whooping gasps as Alex tried in vain to get her to re-engage in some semblance of sex.

"How about on the shore?" he finally asked, struggling to stand. In the moonlight he was quite a sight, knit cap pulled over his unruly brown hair, crystal-clear brown eyes full of lust.

And his pants were hanging open under his ski jacket, like some kind of flasher.

"Snow is way better than ice. I think I wrenched my shoulder when I fell," Josie admitted.

Alex reached up under her coat and shirt to cup a breast.

"That's not my shoulder."

"Really? I'm so sorry. I'm really bad at anatomy." He teased her nipple until she gasped and began to tremble with need.

"You're a doctor and you don't know the difference between a shoulder and a breast?"

He pulled her hand over his now enormous erection. "Can you give me a neck rub? My neck really needs you."

"If that's your neck, then what have I been kissing all this time?"

A rush of power and he was on her, Josie's back crunching against fresh snow, the cold somehow shifting to warmth as his body was over hers, bare abs rubbing against her own as her shirt pulled up, his hands fevered against her skin, unclasping her jeans and pulling them down.

Cold. Frozen buttocks. "ALEX!" Josie squealed. "The snow's all over my ass."

"Let it go," he whispered.

"I'm not some Disney princess," she hissed, but his hands warmed her. Then he sat up, pulled off his coat, and draped it on the snow like a blanket.

"Get your frigid ass on there. Now," he commanded.

"Frigid! You want to see frigid? I'll show you-"

He leapt on her, pinning her arms to the ground, her ass stripped bare of panties, jeans around her ankles as he took a deep breath and inhaled against the groove between her breasts. Josie's shirt was inelegantly shoved up, along with her now-unzippered coat. She didn't wear a bra today simply because, and now she was glad as his mouth found one nipple and he plucked it with his tongue, making her wet and hungry to have him in her.

The moon agreed, watching over them as always, a celestial voyeur. And they were giving it an eyeful.

Alex pulled up, balancing himself on one arm, his hand deep in the snow, wrestling with his back pocket, which now rested somewhere around his knees. The clumsy way they were made her smile, a deep sense of goodness and comfort infusing her, making the night chill an afterthought. Their breath mingled visually, puffs of white essence twining together like a visual manifestation of their relationship, and even as they fumbled like teenagers, she found herself.

She found herself.

"I love you so much, you dork," she said as he fell on his side, his ribs hitting the cold snow, his yelp of surprise sending her into a fit of giggles. At this rate she'd be laughing so hard he wouldn't be able to enter her. She'd shoot him back out like a blow dart.

"I love you, too." But he was distracted, the reply robotic.

"You're such a romantic. I'll bet you say that to all the girls whose asses you dip in snow."

"I'm trying to find a condom," he huffed, tossing a handful of snow at her bare belly. Josie's turn to yelp. She clapped a hand over her own mouth, then a single finger.

"Someone's going to find us!" she said.

The all-too-familiar sound of a foil wrapper tearing in the night made her stop laughing and her insides went liquid with white-hot desire. He handled the basics and then hovered over her, trembling.

"Are you cold?"

"Let's make our own heat," he said as he slowly entered Josie, her legs going wide by pragmatics in the way, jeans holding her to one spot. The rub of his thighs against her own as he slowly thrust in and out gave her shivers, like a fingernail tracing up her spine.

Or maybe that was the beginnings of frostbite.

Masterful and patient, Alex had this way of being during sex that gave the impression he could do this all his days, until they were ancient and timeless. At the same moment, he was dominant and feverish, wanting and needing with a near-violence that spoke more of deep trust than sheer control.

They didn't have much time, so the latter man emerged above Josie, her clit gaining a rapid slick from their movements, the push of his abs against hers, the tilt of his hips driving her to sensual insanity. Josie's own orgasm crashed first, careening as her hands found his bare ass and dug in, cupping the sculpted flesh and feeling his power as he used it to push into her, to drive them closer to each other.

As she held in her screams through gritted teeth, the stars sparkling above, a squirrel skittering across branches a few trees away, Alex tensed and heat poured through Josie as he came, a glorious rush of emotion and animal tension released because of her.

Her.

"Hey!" a voice shouted as Alex panted over her, eyes intense. That wasn't Alex's voice, and his eyes shifted to alarm. With lightning speed, they pulled apart as a flashlight flailed its beam in their direction.

Josie's panties tore as she pulled them up, her fingers too cold to button her jeans, so she simply zipped her coat over them. Alex shoved his condom-covered cock into his jeans and pulled them up, deftly snapping them and pulling his coat shut just as a man's form rounded a thick tree and Josie was blinded by light.

Her hand went up, palm facing him. "Do you mind? I rather like my vision!"

"Oh," he said, dropping the beam. Heavy breath filled the air, a panting that definitely wasn't her boyfriend. Josie looked down, and in the non-flashlight-holding hand a husky on a leash panted heavily, looking at them. That dog looked really familiar. A little too familiar.

If dogs could smile, it did.

"Sorry, folks." The guy looked to be the age Josie's dad would be if he were still alive. A bit gray, and slim like hers was. Tall, and with a lean runner's look. His face was guarded, but you could tell he was naturally friendly. He reminded Josie of someone, but she couldn't see his face.

"John?" Alex choked out.

The flashlight hit Alex's face and he turned away, like something out of an alien abduction movie.

"Alex! What are you-oh! And Josie!"

She peered deeper into the dark and realized...

They'd nearly been caught air fucking by Alex's stepfather.

If you could actually see a man blush in moonlit darkness, Alex would have glowed right about then. His hands smelled like Josie. He was still wearing the condom on his rapidly deflating erection. What a day to choose to go commando.

Don't laugh don't laugh don't laugh, Josie chanted inside, using every muscle at her disposal to keep her face even and neutral. One comment, one joke, one anything and she would crack.

Like Darla at the TSA counter, she imagined.

"What are you two doing out here this time of night?" John asked, coming closer, an easy grin on his face. Noi, the dog, came up to Alex and began licking his hand eagerly. Alex snatched it back with a confused, horrified, completely helpless look on his face, and rapidly shoved his hands in his gloves.

Only then did he pet the family dog.

"We're ice skating."

Alex had lured Josie here with that promise, and they'd actually had two sets of skates sitting by the ice, which Alex pointed to, like an errant child lining up his evidence to get out of being in trouble.

"Oh, nice! Meribeth doesn't trust her knees anymore, so I can't get her to come out on the ice with me these days. Next time you guys decide to do this, please let me know. I'd love to join in!"

Don't laugh don't laugh don't laugh.

Alex's eyes were so wide they might compete with the moon for the largest orb in the sky. "Will do, John." Josie bit her lips and gave one of those smiles where you just pray you won't turn into a raving lunatic, and John's eyebrows twitched just the tiniest bit when he looked at her.

"What are you doing out here?" Josie managed to ask, trying to look polite. She shifted her hip slightly and felt her panties slide down from her hip to her knee, a large bunch of cloth that had not just torn, apparently, but been shredded into a pile of uselessness now.

A pile that threatened to get caught at her jeans cuff and come peeking out. Kind of hard to hide bright red, satin panties, even in just moonlight. Leaning against Alex on that side gave her some safety, so she looped her arm around his waist and hugged.

Really hard.

"We're only a few blocks from home." He pointed, and then her eyes took in the road. Now Josie realized where we were-about a quarter-mile from Meribeth and John's place.

Damn. Did that mean Alex knew this alcove would be quiet? Had he planned this?

"I thought you walk Noi down at the dog park," Alex said casually, though Josie knew the real message was for her. I didn't mean for this to happen, he seemed to say.

But if his mom lived nearby, and he knew about this little place, had he...been here before with other women?

Suddenly the moon seemed more a conspirator than a voyeur, and a smoldering began inside her.

Not the good kind, either.

"You two want to come over for coffee, or something stronger?" John looked at our discarded ice skates. "After you're done, I mean."

Oh, we're done.

"Thanks! Um, maybe?" Alex turned to Josie, his voice going up like a question. She hated when he did this, because it put all the pressure on her. If she said "no," she looked like an asshole, and she felt like every time she said what she actually wanted, if it wasn't the "right" thinking in terms of being with Alex's family, that it gave them ammunition against her.

Reality and what she felt were two radically different states, though. Her rational brain knew that Meribeth and John would understand if she turned them down. And right now, she didn't want to be around anyone.

Not even Alex.

"I..."

Her hesitation seemed to make Alex kick into gear. "I shouldn't put that on you," he said, apologizing as if reading her mind. "John, can we just show up if we decide to? We might be too tired after skating."

Gratitude and fury fought inside her.

She didn't know which one would win.

"Suit yourself. You know your mom has a standing invitation for you two. If you don't come over then it's just an extra night of wild sex for us."

Jim had an odd sense of humor.

Alex blushed again, though he seemed to recover, this role more familiar. "Just don't do it on the kitchen floor by the back door. Don't want a repeat of what happened when I brought the soccer team home after practice that one time." Low chuckles, then a wave from John as he disappeared, dragging Noi off by the leash.

A long, audible exhale from Alex, and then he turned to her with amused eyes. "Can you believe that?"

Josie snorted.

"Oh, that snort sounds dangerous," he said, turning away. He reopened his pants, but if he thought they going in for round two after that, he was crazy.

Nope. He tied off the condom and found a trashcan nearby. This was a well-known area along a trail, but it fueled her anger that he knew exactly where the trashcans were, right here in the woods.

How about that?

"So, come here often?" she asked him.

He took that as a joke, an invitation to sidle up and snuggle. Her body went stiff with anger.

"Oh," he said archly, taking a step back and holding his hands above her, as if dealing with something he had to handle gingerly. Which, he did. "You're upset about something."

"Perceptive." She had been reduced to single words now, the churning cauldron of fucked-up emotions inside her spewing nonsense. Josie knew if she tried to explain why she was upset, she couldn't be coherent. Hoping that Alex understood that, and would somehow just ride out this mood with her and be gentle and understanding, she went quiet.

Alex

Josie didn't do quiet. He knew he'd screwed up somehow, but damn if he could figure it out. Coming here had been some sort of mistake, and having John discover them left him reeling. While John had always treated him more like a friend than a father, it was still damn intimidating to have your stepfather nearly find you balls deep in your girlfriend in the woods in public.

"You're upset that I stuck you with answering about his offer to visit after we..." His voice disappeared. After they what? They'd just completed what he'd come here to do. Mission accomplished. His guilty eyes cut over to the ice skates and hope resurged in him.

Maybe he knew exactly what to do next.

"After we..." she repeated in a mocking tone. Uh oh.

"You knew why I brought you here," he replied, voice as neutral as possible. They had an implicit agreement that outdoor sex and all the thrills and risks that came with it was a joy they both were privy to indulging in. The shock of finding that the other enjoyed the slightly voyeuristic sexual kink had been a revelation. Alex fell for Josie that first time they'd been together, kissing at the hospital while her best friend Laura was giving birth. The impromptu sex by the river a few days later had clinched it.

The rest, as they say, was history, and seven and a half months later, here they were.

Fighting.

He and Josie didn't, generally speaking, fight. They bickered and argued about small details, but the big concepts weren't an issue. Both fell into a pattern of just living life together, and as the relationship deepened they found, layer by layer, that they were even more compatible than either realized from the start.

It felt like they were somehow getting away with something. And outdoor sex most definitely fell into that category for Alex. As his breath made clouds that floated up to kiss the observing moon, he took deep, piercing breaths to steady himself. He wanted more. Not just more sex, but more.

However, he didn't like more fighting.

"What about the others?" she asked in a soft, heartbreaking voice. Others?

"Others what?"

Josie's arm swept out from her, extended like an announcer at the circus making a grand gesture. "You knew exactly where to go so we couldn't be seen. You grew up around here. And the trashcan. Ether you have a strange inborn echolocation system for finding the nearest garbage can every time we have outdoor sex, or you know because you've been here before with someone."

He cleared his throat and drew upon the only response he could think of. "You're right," he said in a low voice.

She looked stricken. It made his chest hurt. "I am?"

"Yes. You've discovered my secret. I'm..." He paused for dramatic effect. "Garbage Can Locater After Public Sex Man." He unzipped his coat and pulled up his shirt. "I forgot to wear my uniform today."

"Oh, Christ..."

"Professor X rejected me for the X-Men school. Didn't think my powers were sufficiently designed to help mankind. I argued that, in fact, they are uniquely designed to aid mankind! I mean, what better skill would a person want as a superpower?"

"Alex," Josie said, lips twitching. He was getting to her, and then she punched him in the chest, right at diaphragm level. She practically had to jump to do it, their height difference that vast.

It felt like having a plush animal thrown hard at him.

"Ouch," he said weakly, which made her laugh.

"I know that didn't hurt."

"Then why did you do it?"

"Because you're an idiot."

"An idiot with unique trashcan-finding abilities."

"Alex."

"What?"

"I love you." Without even looking at him as she said the words, Josie walked over to the ice skates and sat on her ass. She began to shake one leg like a dog, and he frowned, wondering what on earth she was-

And then she pulled a piece of red silk cloth out of her ankle.

"What is that?"

"I just gave birth. Congratulations! You're a daddy." She threw the item at him, hitting his cheek. He bent down and picked it up. Her panties. Shredded.

That would have made him laugh, but her words made his heart stop and speed up all at once.

You're a daddy.

Someday, he wanted to hear those exact words from her as they huddled around a pregnancy test, eager for a positive result. In the not-too-distant future, when his residency was over and he worked reasonably normal hours (though there was no "normal" for an obstetrician, ever on call for babies who didn't follow schedules), they would talk about marriage and children and...

A family.

Josie slipped her feet into the set of ice skates he'd brought. Thankfully, they were the right size. Frankly, he'd brought them for show, never imagining she would actually want to skate. As she laced them up, she looked out over the pond. God, she was beautiful. Tiny nose, sharp bones in her face, the kind of woman who would age gracefully and even at sixty look like she was forty. Not that he cared. She could look like an ogre's pet boar for all it mattered.

She was Josie.

And they would have babies.

He walked to her, and plunked down on the ground, and put on his skates, the toes pinching a bit, making his feet feel swollen, but for an hour on the ice he could suffer. His ankles would take a beating, and his old failed ice hockey seasons-all of two, in middle school-gave him enough muscle memory to manage this.

Standing carefully, Josie balanced well and impressed him as she glided on the ice, taking care. Her ankles wobbled and she caught the toe of one ice skate on a bump in the very uneven ice, but soon was skating with decent control. Not circles or triple axles, but she could move with a level of grace that surprised him.

She could always surprise him.

His turn. Being well over six feet, close to seven, meant his center of gravity was far different than hers. BAM! His ass cracked hard against the ice, the moon laughing at him as he looked up.

The snick snick snick of Josie's skates on the ice told him she was coming to his rescue. Or something like that. Her petite form couldn't possibly pull him up without the two of them wrecking each other in a painful pileup.

"You need to talk to Professor X again," she said, her face over his now, grinning. The moon spilled light over the back of her body, framing it like an aura.

"Why?"

"That superpower of yours needs to include better ankles."

He slipped and slid, finally giving up and turning over onto all fours, ass in the air as Josie dissolved into giggles. Aching move by aching move, he toed his skates and pulled up to standing. He felt like a toddler wrapped in bubble wrap, trying to run.

Those two failed seasons of ice hockey came back to him. They had been a failure precisely because of this.

He couldn't skate worth a damn.

At indoor ice rinks he could cling to the wall for help, but out on the open ice his only option was Josie, and he'd snap her like a twig if he used her to balance on.

CRACK! He was down again, helpless, like a turtle on its back. Alex wasn't accustomed to this sense of impossibility. The ice was defeating him, and a simple matter of physics ought to have allowed him to figure this out. Millions of people, from tiny toddlers to elderly folks, could ice skate. Why on earth was this eluding him?

"You're too big."

"That's what she said," he joked.

Josie rolled her eyes as she looked down at him, then glided away. "Dr. Perfect isn't so perfect at something," she teased, her voice floating through the still night.

He blinked for what felt like one long minute, and then began to crawl to shore, her laughter twinkling like the stars.

When he reached the snow, he sat and watched her as he took off his skates, her face luminous, her body in rare form. Controlled. Hesitant and cautious until she got it right. But skating with abandon, navigating the new and uncomfortable, the ice as nature intended.

Pausing, he took her in, legs taut as she made a turn, her mind and body in complete harmony.

In that moment, he realized, he had no choice. The universe had made it for him. She carried his heart with her, encased inside, and whatever remained of his natural life was hers, and only hers.

The moon seemed to glow a little brighter, as if agreeing.

Dylan

If men could have PMS, then lately, Mike was the poster child for whatever drug the pharmaceutical companies would debut for it. Fucking hell. His moods had always been erratic, even as he used medication to chill.

That, and running until he destroyed a pair of shoes in six weeks. Too many miles.

Not that Dylan couldn't keep up. If he wanted to. But why destroy muscle when you could lift and bulk up?

He thought about the gym. Hadn't been there in forever. Same with the old firehouse. The grapevine told him Murphy's wife was on the mend, and those volunteer shifts he'd grabbed for a while ended once Jillian was born. You stay up all night with a baby a few nights a week and you're a complete wastoid when it comes to handling a twenty-four at the station.

Hell, he couldn't manage a twelve-hour shift any more. Sleep when you can sleep. Jillian's latest bout of teething meant the handful of weeks where she'd started to sleep through the night felt like a dream.

Mike and Laura came out of the bedroom a hell of a lot happier than they'd been going in, he noticed. Jillian had dropped off to sleep, and he looked on the counter near the coffee maker. Sitting at the tiny kitchen table, sipping a cup of much-needed Joe, gave him a rare moment to just think.

Sometimes thinking was overrated. But not when you felt like you never had the time to do it.

His cell phone and car keys were in their newly designated spot, the phone plugged in to charge. Training himself to put them there would take a few weeks, but it was better than the hack he and Mike had finally devised to get his cell phone out of the heating system.

He was telling that story to Jillian's prom date some day.

Yesterday had to go down in the history of their entire relationship-his and Mike's-as one of the weirdest. And that was saying a lot, because after Jill died, Mike turned strange. Then, again, after they thought they had lost Laura. He had this hidden ball of something badass deep down in the dark reaches of himself, and while most guys deal with it by being assholes, competing for who's the bigger man, or just blowing it out through weightlifting or pickup basketball, Mike used running and meditation.

Dylan thought punching something was so much better.

He'd spent the afternoon in a haze in the Kid's Korner of the lodge as Jillian found new ways to pull his hair and tug at his heart. Toddlers wobbled on new walking feet around her, and she tilted her head, wide green eyes following the movements of the kids, a drooly grin ever at the ready for whoever looked her way. He'd become accustomed to the other parents cooing at her and then looking at him quizzically.

"She takes after her mother?" they'd say, and something in his throat would tighten. Jillian had dark blond hair and green eyes, and looked like a blend, as if genetics really had somehow taken three sets of DNA, put them in a Vitamix, and poured them out into a live newborn.

But she didn't look at all like him right now. You could see it in her shoulders and the way she tilted her head. Her expressions, too, especially when she frowned and tipped her eyes up, lips pursed. The looks was so quintessentially a Stanwyck trademark that he'd taken pictures whenever he could and sent them to his mom and dad.

They'd responded with scanned pictures of him at that age with the same exact look. Laura and Mike had gawked, and something about the look they gave him, Jillian, and then each other had made his throat tighten, too.

Home was a sanctuary. He didn't have to worry about what people thought (not that he did...much). Mike and Laura and he had a pact to raise the baby together as one unit, and they hadn't given him even a hint that Jillian's paternity meant one tiny damn. Whether he was her biological father or not, she was his heart child. Embedded forever and holding a piece of him, it was like she was his soul, raw and naked, crawling through the world.

And right now she was sitting up in her toy room, her hand clutching something she munched happily on.

Wait.

He hadn't fed her a snack.

On well-practiced feet, he moved like a lion across the room, sleek and graceful, not wanting to scare her.

A crumb-filled grin was his reward, five teeth poking out in odd syncopation. Those five teeth had cost him, Mike, and Laura plenty of sleep.

"Whatcha got there, Jelly Belly?" he asked, cooing.

"Aga da!" she pronounced, holding the fist high like a victor's.

A well-gummed teething biscuit and a long insect's wing poked out between chubby, dimpled knuckles. Oh, gross.

Eh. Wouldn't be the worst thing she'd eaten, he surmised. But after peeling her fingers back, he took the day-old (at least) biscuit out of her hand, murmuring condolences as she wailed.

"I know, I know. The teething biscuit is better after a couple of days. It's aged to a fine tone, isn't it? Like wine." He ran to the kitchen and zipped back in seconds with the box of new biscuits, handing her one.

She threw it into the ball pit.

"Wah!" she shouted, like a ninja throwing a star.

"Jillian for the Olympic softball team in 2032!" Laura said, clapping. "That was quite a throw."

The baby heard Laura and stopped, mouth open, eyes wide and rimmed with the beginnings of tears. She scowled.

"It's Dylan's twin!" Mike said, holding two cups of coffee, extending one to Dylan.

Yesterday they'd been in the bedroom or skiing, Dylan on kidwatch, and this morning had been no different. It was not that he didn't enjoy it, but looking at Laura's v-neck sweater, so like the one she'd worn for their first date, he began to feel decidedly less Daddy and more Hey, hot mama, come to daddy...

The doorbell rang. Mike startled, spilling some coffee on his hand and yelping in reaction.

The sound made the baby giggle uncontrollably.

"All you have to do is burn yourself to drag her out of a bad mood!" Dylan declared as Laura answered the door. He did a mental check. They'd all showered. Mike had given more control to Shelly (and about time...). Jillian could manage without breast milk for six hours or so.

Time to put himself at the center of this relationship again. To put all three in the same circle, really.

One side of his mouth crooked up in a smile. But he'd happily take all the credit.

He was an Evil Fucking Genius.

"Josie!" Laura cried out from the other room, the door shutting and the thump of rapid footsteps filling the hall. Mike batted at the coffee stains on his jeans and sucked the webbing of his thumb where the coffee had burned.

"Hey!" Mike said, giving Josie a ginger hug as she approached the playroom. "To what do we owe the privilege?"

"Zombies."

"Huh?"

"It would take a zombie apocalypse for me to do what I'm about to do for you."

"For...me?"

"All of you." Josie winked at Dylan and he groaned. She lifted one eyebrow and stared at him.

Mike and Laura turned and imitated her. Six eyes asked a lot of questions.

Dylan fished in his pocket and pulled out a set of keys, dangling them.

Jillian started to bounce on her ass and shouted, "Aga hbbbbb mama da!"

"These are not for you," he chided, wagging a finger toward her.

She gave him a raspberry.

"Oh, for God's sake. He's taking you to your sex cabin. I'm here to make sure your baby doesn't get taken away by wolves or eat a spider or throw the Hope Diamond in your garbage disposal."

"She is capable of any and all of those things," Mike deadpanned.

"Sex cabin?" Laura whipped her head to stare at Dylan. "You planned this?"

Josie bent down and rubbed Jillian's head. The baby looked up and reached out with a grubby finger to snag the hem of her sweater.

"Six hours! I have to get home to..."

"To what?"

"To help Alex move in."

They all froze. Great, thought Dylan. Trumped by the damn best friend. Wanting the spotlight for a moment was asking too much, it seemed. Laura's eager look a second ago faded fast as Josie dropped her bomb.

"Alex is moving in?" Laura squealed.

"Practically! He's leaving a toothbrush and a spare set of clothes at my place." Josie took a deep breath, one that seemed never to end, and let it out slowly. Dylan looked at her like she was crazy, which was accurate.

She really was.

"That's not 'moving in,' Josie," Mike said. Captain Obvious always knew exactly what to say.

"It's close!"

"Have a child with him and tell me about-"

"Shut your whore mouth, Mike!"

His booming laugh filled the room. "That is the first time I've ever been called a whore."

"You continue to joke about my uterus being used for anything other than blood storage and I'll call you worse."

Mike just lifted his eyebrows as he walked away. "Thanks for watching Jelly Belly!"

Laura closed the space between her and Dylan and took his face in her hands. "You arranged this? You went behind my back and called my best friend to come over here to watch the baby for six hours so we could go somewhere and fuck?"

When she put it that way, his plan started to feel tawdry. Cheap. Unseemly.

"Hell yes!" he said with gusto, because hey-he was a guy, after all.

"Thank you!" she whispered, kissing him hard, her tongue parting his lips, the aggression making him submit for a few moments, until he found himself and took over, leading the way and leaving her invaded. Touched. Enraptured.

When they pulled back from each other, breathless, they found a startled Josie with her hand covering the baby's eyes.

"Ix-nay on the ex-say in unt-fray of the aby-bay."

"Aba bah!" Jillian said.

"Great. Her first sentence will be Pig Latin. Why don't you teach her something more useful, like Klingon?" Dylan snapped.

Laura began tugging his hand. "Let's go. Mike! Load up the Jeep. We're about to have an adventure!"

But as Dylan passed the big picture window in their living room, he saw Mike already at the Jeep, loading a small gym bag, waving furiously at them to get in the car.

A man after Dylan's own heart.

The drive to the cabin was exceedingly short, as Mike sped there. Dylan raced inside and turned on the tap to fill the tub. Earlier that day, he had come over with the baby in tow to turn on the heat and stock the fridge. The "eco-cabin" Mike's resort had developed was really a sex sanctuary for them, and-at times-just a sleep sanctuary when one of the three reached a point of half-psychosis from sleep deprivation.

It was so much more fun to use it for sex, though.

He'd attached the swing to its harness, fingers stroking the leather, remembering the last time they'd used it, his cock growing hard at the image of Laura's wet lips open with orgasmic pleasure as they'd found new heights of sensation and exploration.

Six hours was just enough time to fuck each other silly and shower. All this deeper meaning of life crap that plagued Mike could wait.

When Dylan found himself at odds with his own sense of self, he found pounding it out-and not through his feet-was a form of salvation.

Laura uncorked a bottle of a nice white Chardonnay and poured three glasses, looking around the bright cabin.

"Why is it so warm in here?"

Dylan's smile went sly again. "Jillian and I came here earlier to prepare."

She threw herself at him in a huge embrace, drinking wine over his shoulder. "This is the best surprise I've had in ages."

"This is the first surprise you've had since the last time we were here," Mike added, his voice warm, body relaxed. Good, Dylan thought. So much better than the way he's been acting lately.

Laura pulled back, her mouth stretched into the kind of vibrant smile he loved to see, and she moved in for a kiss just as her juicy ass began to buzz.

She jumped and laughed. "Shit. My phone." The look on her face as she read the screen made Dylan's stomach fall, and his erection soften just a bit. Uh-oh.

"Josie?" This was a call, not a text. "What's wrong?" Laura's voice was guarded but resigned, and as he heard the tinny sound of Laura's friend saying words like "puked," all their shoulders began to slump.

Mike drank the rest of his wine in one long gulp. Parenthood had changed him that much.

"She puked up a what? An insect?" Laura's voice went up half an octave and she spun around to give Dylan a death glare. "A giant wing from a what?" Josie continued as Laura pulled the phone away from her ear and hissed at him. "Did you see the baby around any insects?"

Just as he was about to craft the smoothest, best PR-spun answer ever, he heard a baby wail in the background of Laura's phone. Laura listened for a second. "And she's warm, too? Insects don't give babies fevers, do they? Could she have picked up some God-awful disease from eating"-GLARE-"something as disgusting as a bug? How big was the bug? Oh my God, what if she ate a cockroach!"

Laura descended into hysterics as Mike calmly pried her fingers off the phone and said to Josie, "She'll be there in five minutes." He ended the call and slowly, deliberately pressed the Jeep's keys into Laura's hand.

"Go," he ordered. Dylan had to admire his chillness. Not cold. Just in control and considerate.

"But..." Laura's eyes were wild and a bit crazy. She looked at the wine, the swing, which now looked like a limp dick in Dylan's eyes (joining his own), and the bed, made neatly and begging for action.

"But nothing. You won't enjoy a single moment if you aren't with our sick baby. Dylan and I just need to unload the fridge so the food won't spoil. We have backpacks. It'll do us good to hike home. It's not even two miles."

Internally, Dylan groaned, but he said nothing. He was already in the doghouse for letting the baby eat an insect (or...maybe she only ate that wing...).

"I-" he blurted, guilty conscience kicking in. Apparently, he had one. "She found an old teething biscuit this morning and there was this insect wing..."

Mike rolled his eyes and crossed his arms, now joining Laura's glare. "And you didn't say anything?" You would think that years of living with Mike would give him some indication of what the guy thought, but no. He was either royally pissed and ready to rip him apart, or barely keeping it together to not laugh.

Dylan could have flipped a coin.

"I don't even know what to say!" Laura screeched as she zipped out the door and slammed it behind her. He'd never seen her run as fast as she did to the Jeep, spewing snow-covered gravel as the tires spun over ice patches until they caught and she drove off.

Mike winced at the grinding sound his poor engine made.

"Smooth. Really smooth," he said, pouring another glass of wine. Dylan watched with growing amusement as Mike downed another half a glass.

"You working on your frat-boy skills? Is beer pong next?" he asked.

Mike smiled wistfully over the top of his wine glass, then downed the rest, carefully swirling the stem between his thumb and index finger.

"No. Just...relaxing."

"Let our baby eat a bug and you're sucking down wine like it's coffee. What the fuck has happened to us?" Dylan plopped down on the bed and stared at the ceiling, the swing in his peripheral vision, taunting him.

"We're parents."

"We're boring."

"You tried. Thank you. This was a great idea." Mike handed Dylan his glass of wine, and Dylan figured when in Rome, do what Thor does.

And drink the fucking wine.

"Cockblocked by an insect." Dylan sighed.

"That's a first," Mike said, nodding. "And your lobster tails are in the fridge now."

Fuck! He'd forgotten about that. "You seriously want to stuff them in a backpack and hike home?"

"No. Let's just boil them up and eat them. We can get more some other time. Laura's not coming back." Mike's words stung.

His plan was a failure.

Chugging the rest of his glass, he eyed the final third of the bottle. "We could steam the lobsters in water and wine and have the meat with some butter. Bring the steaks home."

"Deal."

And while the rest of the afternoon did not involve sex whatsoever, it turned out to meet one of Dylan's needs.

Time to just be.

Laura

The day after the Great Insect Ingestion Disaster of 2014, as it would forever be known, Jillian's fever was long gone, and Laura had let go of her annoyance with Dylan. You couldn't catch that baby before she did anything-she was so fast! And cunning.

Just like her parents.

Washing dishes with Mike while the baby played with a set of plastic rings, Laura heard something. In the distance. Her ringtone. Josie's ringtone, actually.

Mike shook his head. "'Superfreak'? Got that right." But his tone was playful. A quick shrug and she was running down the hall on tiptoes, trying to anticipate whether Jillian would have a fearful reaction to the ring (a new development in the baby), where the phone was, and how to locate it quickly and quietly.

The mother's phone dance.

By the time she found it, it was too late. Josie left no voicemail, but the texts told the story.

Problem at the office.

We have a PR issue.

Meet me at Jeddy's.

Not a fake meeting, either.

"What does she mean, 'fake meeting'?"

Laura hadn't noticed Dylan behind her as she read through the quick messages. There were just too many men in this house! The affect in his voice was accusatory, yet joking. But not really.

"Nothing." Laura pocketed the phone and frowned. Could Josie be a bit more obvious? WTF? "What could be so important? A PR issue? As if I need more shit with the company. This is getting out of hand," she complained. Had to be convincing.

"You guys create pretend meetings so you can just hang out?"

"Of course not!"

"That's what it seems like." Damn it, Josie.

"And I suppose that folder on your computer marked 'Tax Documents 2001' is really tax forms," she shot back.

"Fuck," he muttered under his breath, stretching out the word. She'd accidentally stumbled across his porn collection a long time ago. Didn't care, but she knew the knowledge would come in handy some time. Like now.

"We don't really do a lot of fake meetings," she said. "And most of the time I bring the baby. It's just...sometimes I need to sit and have a cup of coffee with a friend without making a big deal out of it."

"Of course-"

She cut him off as two more texts came in. "But this sounds really bad. Can we talk later?"

"We're talking?" He smiled, dimples and all, and cupped her chin.

"Ha ha."

"Mike okay?"

That made her pause, even in her rush. "I don't know. He's really grappling with some deep issues. Questions about how we operate, what our relationship means, how I relate to him alone and to both of you...that kind of stuff."

"I just block that shit out when the worry bubbles up," Dylan muttered.

"What a great strategy. I'm sure that's working so well," she deadpanned. "You're just deferring all your emotions and in ten years Mike and I will pick up the pieces."

"That's the plan. Thanks in advance." The smile in his eyes made her grateful she'd paused, the joke sinking in on many levels. That they would be together in tens years was a given.

And what a wonderful, loving given it was.

These moments were what made life the chaotic, messy, loveable, astounding shambles she'd always wanted it to be. The days of being lonely and licking her wounds from guys like Ryan (Ryan who?), working in a windowless office, living life as if it were meant to be a series of transactions to get through rather than a buffet of experiences to taste and devour, were long gone.

And then-Dylan's ringtone.

Echoing down the hall.

"What's that?" The sound of something country made a tinny reverberation, as if Blake Shelton were stuck inside a tailpipe. The two followed it, and Mike appeared in the hall, watching them as they perked their ears and followed the sound. His still-shirtless chest made her mouth start to water.

"What is that?" he asked.

"Shh!" they said in unison as they got closer, the sound increasingly louder in the living room.

"Weird," Mike said. "It's like your phone is trapped somewhere."

The ringtone ended. Then-Bzzzzz.

"Call it for me, would you?" he asked Laura, who pulled her phone out. Three more messages from Josie. Hold on, she thought, and then called Dylan.

More country music stuck in a tin can.

Mike found it. Pulling a pop-up toy off one of the heating vents, he pointed down through the slotted metal. "Look."

As she and Dylan clustered around the beige-painted metal vent, they both groaned when the reflection of the glass screen glittered up at them.

"Jillian!" all three exclaimed.

"How did she get my phone down that tiny little slot?" Dylan huffed, his face twisted with incredulity.

"Pure evil," Laura answered.

"Your daughter!" Mike and Dylan said to each other.

Laura took this as her moment to exit, leaving the two grousing and making plans involving duct tape and rope to retrieve it.

What a waste of perfectly good duct tape and rope.

* * *

"Do you have the key lime pie today?" Laura asked the cute guy who seemed to have taken over the place. Madge wasn't always at Jeddy's these days, and if Mr. Hottie Hot Chef Dude was her replacement, then he was a fine upgrade on the eyes over the crotchety old institution.

"We do, and I have a new blackberry glaze to go with it, on the side if you don't like the drizzle," he added, grabbing a coffee pot and two mugs. "Your friend joining you? The brunette?"

A flush of something prickly and unfamiliar crawled over Laura's cheeks and chest. Oh, yeah. She remembered this. It was called attraction. Had he noticed her and Josie? Was he interested? How was she supposed to act? She was taken. Twice over!

"Um, you mean Josie?" she stammered.

"Is that her name? The one my grandma told me liked to defile the warlock waitress?" When he smiled there was a dimple on one side.

Ah. Not attraction. Notoriety. Stupid stupid stupid, she chided herself, mumbling, "Uh, yeah, she's coming, too."

"Two mugs, then," he said cheerfully, slamming them down with the coffee and a creamer pitcher, then moving with a muscled grace that made her eyes linger a little too long over his denim-covered ass. If Josie was going to be late, at least she had a fine view while she wasted a few minutes. Wow. She'd been out of the market just long enough to forget what it felt like to find someone other than Mike or Dylan attractive.

What did that mean?

Ruminating on it wasn't in the cards, for Josie careened into the booth, a blur of sinew, her single-digit-sized body making Laura feel big and bumbling. Not that Josie was responsible for that-it was simple comparison and all on Laura. This was her own insecurity she was slowly shaking.

One coconut shrimp at a time.

"Key lime pie?" Josie huffed, reading her mind. As if on cue, her friend poured a cup of coffee, fixed it just so, took a sip, made a frantic burned-tongue gesture, and sat with wide, expectant eyes, fanning her open mouth. She looked like an Affenpinscher with a caffeine habit.

The waiter dude happened to walk by at that moment and stopped on a dime. His sneakers actually squeaked. "Two pieces?" he asked, nodding toward the door. "We're about to have a huge crowd come in, so if you want to order now, you can get ahead of the crush."

"Two coconut shrimps, two pieces of the pie, and..." Laura looked at Josie, who shrugged.

"And?" the waiter asked.

"And that's enough," Laura added definitively, touching the rim of her mug. "The coffee's fine."

"Sounds good." He ran off, and Josie gave her a look of appraisal.

"That's it?"

Laura patted her stomach. "Not eating for two any longer." She actually wasn't nearly as ravenous now that Jillian had started solid foods, and her appetite was diminishing back to normal. "What about you?"

"Alex and I had lunch an hour ago."

"You don't have to eat with me."

"Give up coconut shrimp and key lime? You crazy?" They shared a good-natured laugh and settled into a very weird, awkward silence that stretched on. And on. And interminably on, until finally Laura broke.

"Why are we being quiet?"

"You're being quiet. I'm waiting."

"What are you waiting for?"

"For you to tell tell me why you needed to be rescued from Mike and Dylan."

"By the way, Dylan read my texts. Thanks for the fake meeting comment, you dork."

Josie snickered. "Sorry. Is the fact that he's reading your texts one of the reasons you needed a meeting? Too controlling? Men like that are total assholes. If you have to control your woman to that point, or send her hundreds of texts a day, you've got a screw loose."

Laura waved her hand dismissively and took another sip of coffee. Her shoulders began to relax. "No. He just happened to look over my shoulder at the wrong time."

"So you're here because..."

"Because I need help with my relationships."

"Pffft. Wrong person to ask!" Josie crowed, taking a long, nervous gulp from her mug. "Wrong, wrong, wrong."

"Says the woman who runs a dating service. So inspiring."

"You hired me!" Josie shot back. "No accounting for your taste."

"Speaking of which, how is business? I assume you made up the PR comment in those texts."

Josie went from joking to uncomfortable. Uh-oh. "I did, but there was an element of truth. Some online forum like Fark or someone's Tumblr made fun of us. We analyzed the inbound traffic to the website and followed it backwards. Just nasty stuff."

"Let me guess. A bunch of guys moaning about how the only good threesome involves two women and one man."

"Something like that."

"Whatever. That we can handle. It's when the gossip sites get hold of the whole 'billionaire freak' meme that we need to worry." Laura could talk a good game, and was significantly calmer about the occasional bubbles of scandal, but it still hurt. When the gossip sites ripped into the life they chose, it was still her life. Her men. Her child. The jokes she could chuckle at. The barbs, though, drew blood.

And always would.

Jillian wasn't an "abomination." Her threesome life with Dylan and Mike wasn't "unnatural." The folks who spewed intolerance came from such a wide cross section of people that she found herself studying it from a distance, because sociologically it was fascinating. Christian, Muslim, Jewish, atheistic, southern, New Englander, male, female-there were equal-opportunity haters out there, and all had an opinion.

Good Things Come in Threes soldiered on, though, gaining a steady clientele as Mike, Dylan, and Laura did everything they could to stay out of the limelight, going as far as hiring a PR specialist who had a sub-niche speciality: keeping clients out of the press. What irony.

So far, so good for the two months since they'd hired her.

And Darla was a treasure. An absolute treasure, and a bargain, from what Laura understood. They'd worked together occasionally, but their schedules never gelled well. Laura lived on Jillian time while Darla seemed to need her nights to play with her guys and their band. Josie said life was working well for her niece, and that the move had been good, which was fantastic. Laura knew how hard and radical giving up your known life for uncharted territory could be.

"I can't prevent people from finding out that you three are, in fact, freaks. Did you ever get that hip injury checked out?" Josie's eyes were filled with merry mischief.

Laura blushed. "I'm fine."

"Alex had to go into a lot of detail that involves physiology and anatomy terms I haven't heard since college when he was on the phone with Dylan that day. You guys really need to stop abusing that sex swing." The last words came out of Josie's mouth just as the hot waiter dude appeared with their shrimp and pie.

His jaw was on the floor and he stood, blinking furiously. Dark hair, gorgeous eyes, and the muscled upper body of someone who did hard work for a living. His shirt fit nice and tight against his pecs and his hair was cropped short. Forearms bulged under the strain of the serving tray, but he didn't seem to struggle with the weighit.

And he stared.

"Hello?" Josie said, half standing to help. "You're keeping us from a mouthful of your luscious stuff."

"Excuse me?" He choked, nearly sending the tray onto Josie's lap. A quick movement from Laura held it in place, the pie balanced precariously on the edge.

"Caleb, what the hell?" Good old Madge appeared, eyes clear and blazing as she jumped in, delivered the food, and tucked the empty tray under her arm. "You planning to throw the food at people now in an effort to streamline efficiency?"

"No, it's just-"

"And you!" Madge snapped at Josie. "Are you talking about balls and threesomes and did I hear a sex swing comment?"

"Yes, ma'am." Josie's face was a careful mask of restraint. If Madge weren't her boyfriend's grandfather's girlfriend (say that five times fast...) then Laura knew Josie would rip her a new one. Instead, she demonstrated remarkable tact, and it made Laura realize how much they'd changed.

Both of them.

Stunned silence from Caleb, who-in Laura's humble opinion-could sit there and look shocked and pretty all day long. Stealing a chance to study his rugged cheekbones and noting the alarm in those perplexed eyes, she noticed the similarity between him and...Madge? Wasn't a grandson helping to run the place and develop new menus? Bingo. She put it together all by herself, all while eyeing a guy whom she had no right to admire.

But hey-a girl could look as long as she didn't touch, right?

"Good." Madge cracked a wide grin and patted Josie gently on the cheek. "I'm glad to see Alex is being well taken care of."

Josie's turn to choke. Literally. The bite of pie she'd started to munch on went down the wrong pipe and she whacked herself in the chest several times as both Caleb and Madge beat a hasty retreat.

"Heimlich?"

"How about bleach?"

"Bleach? For what?"

"My brain. I don't need sex tips from Madge. Not about Alex." She whooped her way back to a normal respiration pattern, then cringed as if she'd tasted something that had gone bad.

"Seems like she and his grandfather have a healthy sex life."

"Lalalalalalalala, I can't hear you!"

"It bodes well for you, actually."

"What the hell does Madge's sex life have to do with me?"

"If his grandpa's going at it in his eighties, then when you and Alex are in your eighties, you have a sense of what to expect."

Josie froze, her eyes going huge, her breathing stopping. Leaping to her feet, Laura came to Josie's side of the booth and leaned into her face. "Josie!" she shouted with alarm. "Are you choking again? Can you breathe?"

"Why are you screaming in my face?" she gasped. "Have you lost your mind?"

"Your eyes...and you stopped breathing!"

"Because of what you said. Your fault! Not the pie!" As if to prove a point, Josie stabbed another piece and shoved it in her mouth, chewing pointedly this time and not gagging, thank God.

"What on earth did I say?" Tears threatened her nose and eyes, her face suddenly swollen and puffy, feeling too big for her bones. Knowing this feeling, she realized she was overly sensitive and on edge, in need of a friend and a pow-wow. What she hadn't expected was an edgy Josie. If the rule said only one of them could fall apart at any given time, then it was Laura's damn turn right now.

"You implied that Alex and I would still be together in fifty or sixty years!"

"Why would that make you freak out?"

"Because I only recently let him take up an enormous amount of my apartment! Nearly half!"

"Josie, a toothbrush in a drawer and some underwear is not 'nearly half.'"

"Says the woman who defines half a piece of key lime pie using the same metrics."

"Touche." At least they had their own pieces this time. "So you're still that commitment shy with Dr. Perfect? Why? He's...perfect." He really was, and Laura never thought she'd say that about any guy Josie dated. The handful of men over the years that Laura had been allowed to meet were suspiciously familiar at the time, and months later she'd catch a rerun of some reality show about cheaters and realize, oh-that's why.

Not Alex. Every time she thought about the two of them together, she smiled. Just like her and Mike and Dylan. The fit was so...perfect that there was no need to search any longer. Done. Signed, sealed, delivered.

And Josie knew it. Knew it deep in her dried-up little terrified peach pit that masqueraded as her heart. She just needed to give herself permission to let go and be with it, giving Alex a lifetime to get her to let go of the shield that was looser each day.

"We're not talking about my relationship," Josie said archly. "You're the one with problems."

Hearing it stated that bluntly didn't sit well with Laura. "Not problems. Complications."

Josie pointed her fork at Laura's head. "Don't you say it!"

"What? That it's always complicated?"

Josie groaned and threw a sugar packet at her.

"It is, though. It really is. The complication comes part and parcel with the love." Both took deep sighs and filled their mouths with blackberry drizzle and key lime perfection. Food was truly perfect with greater consistency than men. And it didn't hog the bed or leave beard shavings sprinkled all over the sink. Food didn't leave the toilet seat up or shove balled-up dirty socks between the couch cushions.

Food also couldn't fuck you silly and whisper dirty love sayings in your ear while it asked you-begged you-to share a fantasy you'd never told any other person in the world. And then give you that little naughty dream right then and there with strokes and licks and squeezes and pinches and moans that lingered in your mind for weeks.

But man, if food ever could do that, then men would be done in a second, replaced by kitchens with insemination stations.

So men better be on their toes.

"Alex is really pretty simple. As a body, I mean. But that brain of his gets in the way," Josie said in a tone that made Laura wonder if she was just a microchip implanted in a human body.

"What about his heart?"

"Even worse! He expects me to be all touchy-feely new-agey and all that shit." Eye roll.

"And you are too cool for that," Laura said in her best neutral voice.

"I thought we were past it. Hello? We watched your daughter overnight. I gave him a few inches for his toothbrush and he took a mile."

"He keeps one spare pair of underwear in your nightstand."

"Squatter."

"Now you're just being argumentative."

Josie gave her a blank look. "What does that even mean?"

"You're arguing for the sake of arguing."

"You've been my friend for nearly a decade and you're only now realizing that? Gatorade. It's what plants crave."

"What the hell does that mean?"

"Let's just rename you Princess Obvious. Of course I argue for the sake of arguing. It's in my DNA."

Laura's turn to fling a sugar packet at Josie's head. "You are the worst person to talk to when I'm having a man crisis."

"Men. Plural. You don't have a man crisis. You have men crises."

"Yeah." Laura sighed, pushing the last shrimp away. Her appetite really had diminished. "Plural."

Josie looked a bit sheepish, leaning forward and giving Laura that tilted-head kind of look that made Laura feel as if her exterior matched her interior when it came to the level of confusion she felt. Was she exuding it? Did her eyes shine with some kind of needy bat signal?

"You need to talk to someone," Josie declared.

"Like a psychologist?"

Josie frowned, considering that one. "No. More like a friend. A buddy who's been there. Done that. Has the sore body from two at once."

"Hey!"

"What? It's true."

"Like you'd know."

"Only that one time."

"Just...don't."

"Don't what?"

"Make fun of me." Burying her face in her hands, Laura almost cried. Almost. Raw and one big twinging nerve, she wanted to have the freedom to talk about her problems like a normal person. Just because she had unconventional relationships didn't mean she wasn't normal.

"I'm not making fun of you. Really." Josie's brow furrowed and she almost looked like she really cared.

"Yes, you are."

"But not in here," Josie said, pointing to her heart. "I'm just teasing. I'll stop."

"Thank you. And good attempt at actually looking sincere. Your fake sincerity has improved by leaps and bounds."

Josie stuck her tongue out at Laura in response. "You need to find another woman who's in your position." Josie poured a cup of coffee and shook the pot, listening for the telltale slosh. Nope. She set it on the edge of the table, and Laura knew Madge or Caleb would come by soon for a refill.

"No pun intended."

"No pun...? Oh. Ha."

"It's not like the city is swimming with women in my spot."

"If the dating service takes off, though, it will be..."

"I can't turn Good Things Come in Threes into my own personal pity party."

Josie seemed to mull that over as she fixed her coffee and took a sip. The light was fading outside and Laura wasn't hungry. Too much coffee earlier in the day made these extra cups just fuel a jitteriness she didn't welcome. She needed to get home soon and beat rush hour. Plus, who knew what life was like at home? Hopefully, Mike was satisfied with the extra attention she'd bestowed on him earlier, but that just meant Dylan would want more.

And then Jillian would need a nursing fest.

So many people. So many demands. So little time for Laura to just sit and think and breathe and figure out who Laura was. How did she ever hold down a full-time job before, and date guys, and have a life?

Oh. That's right.

She didn't. Have a life, that is. Or date many guys...

"What about Darla?" Josie whispered, making a skeptical face, as if weighing the quality of her own words and finding them wanting.

"Darla? Darla Darla?"

"You know another Darla currently in a threesome relationship like yours?"

That made Laura nearly spit out her mouthful of coffee. "Like mine? You can't compare some kids barely out of college who met on the side of the road with me and Dylan and Mike."

"Yes, I can. I was there, Laura. You typed some words on the internet and rubbed a genie's lamp. Poof! Insta-billionaires fawning all over you."

"It didn't exactly go like that."

"Yes, it did. It went exactly like that. So don't judge Darla's own threesome weirdness. You have more in common than you might imagine." Laura realized Josie was defending Darla, as if Laura had said something condescending. Had she? If so, she didn't mean it. It was just that comparing her relationship, where the three were committed and raising a child together, seemed so...wrong.

"I have nothing against Darla!" Laura protested, raising her palms. "Don't bite my head off. The comparison caught me by surprise."

"You two really should talk," Josie said. "Alone. Of all the people in the world right now who could empathize and help you, I think Darla's pretty much it."

"Really?"

Josie nodded. "And I'll bet she could use someone to bounce ideas off, too."

"I just...we're in such different places." Laura nearly gagged on her next words. "Darla, Trevor, and Joe are more like I imagine Jill, Mike, and Dylan were. You know. Early twenties, figuring it all out one day at a time. I met Mike and Dylan a decade later, after they'd figured out all the basic rules and..." What would life be like if the three of them had met ten years ago? What if she'd been their third instead of Jill? Would it have been difficult to be with them as they figured out their relationship with each other, and then their joint connection to a woman? Jill did her a favor, in some ways.

For the first time in her relationship with the guys, Laura felt a sense of kinship-and not competition-with the late Jill. She'd paved the way for the most important experience of Laura's life. To be fair, Laura's daughter was named after Mike and Dylan's dead partner, so it was not as if Laura didn't honor her. And yet she never felt a closeness to her memory.

All those questions about sexuality that Laura faced were just Laura's issues. The actual threesome relationship was completely different from Laura's own individual sexuality, just as Mike and Dylan were separate individuals with their own internal definitions of how to function in society and within the private sphere of home (and bed).

Big and small compromises and joys came out every day in their life together. How new, how different it must be for Darla, Trevor, and Joe.

Thank you, Jill, she thought as Josie stared at her.

"You are a million miles away," Josie declared, shoving her plate away and taking a long sip of her coffee.

"Thinking about Jill." Laura took a long drink of her coffee. Tepid now. She pushed it back, looking over the dirty dishes. Her appetite stayed away.

Josie's face softened. "She pulling up yet? Started driving? Producing grandchildren? They grow up so fast, so treasure every moment!"

Laura laughed. "Not Jillian. Jill. Mike and Dylan's old..." Old what? Lover? Girlfriend? Not wife. A woman couldn't marry two men. Whatever label Jill had was the same one Laura had.

Which was...nothing. No word could contain the expansive sense of what she was to them. "Girlfriend" and "baby mama" were the closest, and they made her want to throw up.

"Jill's closer to Darla in some ways," Josie said, nodding slowly. "You're right." The comment caught Laura completely by surprise. It was as if Josie had read her mind.

"And they're making it all up as they go along," Laura pointed out. "So it's not like me and Dylan and Mike."

"I don't think you have much choice, Laura."

"Huh?"

"If you want to talk to someone about the specifics of life with two men, Darla is it." Josie pulled out her phone and started tapping, while Madge zipped by and slid the check case onto the booth table like she was an Olympic curler. It landed smack between the two of them, curving around the coffee pot.

"And the U.S.A wins the gold!" Josie muttered without looking up.

Laura paid as usual (because, seriously, why not?), and she got up to check her buzzing phone.

Josie had texted, Call Darla, and her number.

"I know Darla's number," Laura muttered.

"Then call her! Invite her to lunch here. Do the whole girl-chat thing where you talk about how to handle two hoses and one fire hydrant."

"Josie!"

Her friend waved her hands dismissively. "Or whatever you talk about." She paused and frowned. "Do the guys cross swords? I know they're not gay, but doesn't that sometimes-"

"JOSIE!"

"Just call her." A quick hug from her friend did not melt her one bit, her body rigid with overwhelm. "Dial the number now. I want to watch you."

"Voyeur."

A strange look passed over Josie's features. Laura couldn't name it.

"Call!"

Against her better judgment, and yet needing to do something, Laura dialed the number slowly, then hesitated before pressing "Send."

This would be awkward at best.

A disaster at worst.

"Hello?" said Darla.

Laura opened her mouth to begin.

