Laura

Should have named her Renesmee.

All those baby books lied, or they committed dramatic sins of omission. Either way, nothing prepared you for motherhood. Especially not for nursing. Little Jillian performed baby acrobatics during most feedings, attached to Laura's nipple with tiny little glass-like protrusions masquerading as teeth ripping into her six, seven times a day. No one had warned her about this. None of the baby books really emphasized the fact that at some point, you would be nursing a baby with teeth like the edge of a razor. If nipples were meant to look like shredded, bloody, Chinese lanterns, then Laura had perfected the art of breastfeeding a six month old. Her daughter might as well have been named Renesmee, and Laura might as well be nibbled to death by a great white shark.

It was just like when Jillian was a tiny newborn and Laura had come to the startling realization that she was a fart hostage, trapped with this little rear end that emanated deathly biological weapons-grade methane, inches from Laura's face. And she had nowhere to go. She was this little being's source of food, and the food was what fueled those noxious gases wafting up into Laura's face, making her a fart hostage.

Thank God for her eReader. And thank a slightly lesser god for the Fifty Shades phenomenon. While Laura was no fan of that particular book, or that particular series, she had found a wide array of books that allowed her to escape into a completely different reality while she was trapped on the couch.

Sylvia Day made the bondage of motherhood tolerable. So did Melody Anne, and Lexi Blake, and Shayla Black. Sara Fawkes and Georgia Cates, and so many other authors who wove these amazing tales of women who needed to lose control in order to gain it. It was fascinating even though, in so many cases, the plot line seemed the same. She could take a book, a series like Sylvia Day's Crossfire series, or Julie Kenner's Claim Me series, or Maya Banks' Breathless Trilogy, and go off into another world. Laura found herself devouring these books, and then imagining herself in the role of the heroine.

Not like she didn't have two heroes right here, right now, at her disposal whenever she wanted them.

Somehow that made it all worse.

Loving Dylan and Mike was more than she'd ever expected. Living with them day to day was like being divinely inspired on an emotional, and psychological, and spiritual level. But the reality of a messy house, an infant with high needs, of a postpartum body that reminded her of two hundred pounds of jelly stuffed inside a giant balloon-that? That made her just reach for the eReader.

While she'd always felt insecure about her body, and had always been overweight with curves on top of curves, now, six months postpartum she still felt six months pregnant. It was as if her curves had rebelled and multiplied in her sleep, as if some sort of mitosis had taken place against her will. She felt ugly, and fat, and stretched out, and so thoroughly undeserving of the two very sculpted, lean, and exceptionally hot men who claimed to love her.

They did love her, and she knew this. It wasn't as if they were lying-it's more that they were being nice, right? They were saying all the right things that you're supposed to say after someone's given birth to your baby. But she knew. She knew they didn't find her body attractive. It must have been a chore to sleep with her. It must have involved a lot of imagination, thinking back to how she'd been when she'd met them just fifteen months ago. That body was the one that they really loved.

This body? No one could love this body. No one.

Letting her mind float off to other men and women, people far more together than she was, and finding something predictable, comfortable, and yet racy and mind expanding, was safe. The few times she'd made love with Mike and Dylan since the birth of Jillian should have been wonderful, but it was as if there were only two people there. Laura had to check herself out because she couldn't believe what she had become. She couldn't fathom that they really wanted her.

As she sat on the couch, there was one person who did want her, one-hundred-percent. Laura's love for Jillian was so deep and so intense that it guided her through those first few months. The love that the three of them shared for her was unbounded, untamed, and every day felt new.

What receded, though, what had firm boundaries around it, ever tightening, was Laura's sense of sensuality, of being something other than Jillian's mom. She figured that was normal. She figured that's what everyone went through. As the idea that she could be seductive, and attractive, and draw Mike and Dylan to her the way that she had when they met, as that faded...she hoped that they could still love her unconditionally the way that all three of them so thoroughly loved Jillian.

Her books didn't let her down. They were like her ice cream, always there, welcoming her with a smile, and never demanding anything of her. If she had to be in control, if she had to manage one more detail in her life, she was going to explode. It was easier to withdraw. It was easier to pour everything she had into Jillian, and to micromanage her baby, so that as a part of her died off, another part could blossom.

Guilt could be overwhelming, especially when Dylan placed a loving hand on her ass, or Mike came at her with a kiss that had more heat behind it than affection. From the outside, she was so all-consumed with Jillian that she just didn't have room for more than affection. It was a facade she carefully constructed, and to some extent the guys were going along with it. Every time she imagined making love she felt twin emotions that battled for domination within-and not the heady, come-fuck-me domination in her books.

Oh, no.

It was the kind of overwhelming oppression that guilt possesses. She didn't feel worthy of sensuality, so she evaded their passes. They slowly pulled back, confused but unsure of how to talk about it, and when they tried she brushed them off. Stayed up late until they fell asleep. Took extra long with Jillian in the rocking chair in her bedroom.

Waited them out.

Tears threatened to fill her tired eyes as Jillian reached up and grabbed a fistful of Laura's blonde hair. The baby giggled, mouth full of breast, and spurted milk everywhere, which made Laura laugh and cry at the same time.

Another set of emotions battling within.

Books let her feel something about anything but her life.

And that's where the love remained unconditional.

Josie

"I know you didn't invite me here for the mint cannoli or the fried pickles with guacamole-horseradish sauce," Josie announced, eyebrows so high she thought they'd be permanently wedged in her hairline. What was this all about? A summons to Jeddy's was always welcome, but usually it was Laura doing the summoning. The call from Mike had been interesting, the request to meet just him and Dylan-sans Laura-a tad odd.

The looks on their faces now confirmed it. Oddities abounded. And not like on the television show. Unless Dylan had a three-headed pig in a jar in his car and had recently learned to eat flames. Nothing would surprise her these days...

She glanced at her smart phone. "Waiting for a call?" Dylan asked as he scanned the menu. Madge had just thumbed Josie over to the guys when she came in; the new menus featured a smorgasbord of new culinary delights.

"No," she said, tearing her eyes off the menu. Coconut sweet potato soup with fried wontons sprinkled on top and a dollop of paprika sour cream? Yum. "Alex is joining us."

"Why?" they asked in unison, manly brows instantly frowning. Hoo boy. Whatever they wanted to talk about must have a testosterone edge to it. Even Mike's neck tightened.

"Because he wants to invite you to join us and act out some scenes from the book Their Virgin Princess," she cracked, returning to the menu. "Except I'm not the one who'll be wearing the butt plug in the desert." She tried to stare down Dylan, but he wouldn't make eye contact. Didn't even react to the bad joke.

Hmmm.

"What's that?" Mike asked, bewildered.

"Never mind." She looked at the dessert specials. Candy cane ice cream with chopped chocolate truffles and a local dairy's sweet cream whipped with Madagascar vanilla, drizzled with a reduced blackberry sauce? Double yum.

"You can't just drop virgin princesses and butt plugs into a conversation and not explain," Mike protested.

"Sure I can!" Josie ventured. "Especially with a menu like this to distract us." She buried her face in the specials page. Holy smokes, Madge had outdone herself.

"Want one of everything?" Dylan asked, barely holding back drool. "The homemade mac 'n cheese made with lobster and asiago," he moaned.

"Who doesn't?" a wonderfully familiar voice asked, coming up from behind her. A warm hand pressed against her shoulder and Alex's stubbly jawline caressed hers as he planted a kiss on her cheek. Alex's brown hair was in need of a haircut, curling up slightly at the nape of his neck, and he looked like he hadn't slept in a day and a half. Which was true-he hadn't. Warm, brown eyes locked with hers, affection and love pouring out of them. A woman could get used to this, Josie thought, delightedly-though actually she hadn't. Her mind and heart still marveled, unaccustomed to the fact that every single day she got her internal love cup filled to overflowing from him.

"You look like shit," Dylan said to Alex in a voice that could have just as easily been saying, "How's it going?"

"Same back at you," Josie jumped in. "Fatherhood has not aged you well." Alex shoved his ass against her hip, buying real estate in the booth. She squeezed a butt cheek through his scrubs. "You smell like blood," she commented absently.

"I'll smell like you soon enough," he said cheerfully.

Mike groaned. "Braggart."

"Just stating the facts, man."

Dylan snorted. "I remember when I had facts that often. Lately, though, facts elude us. Facts, in fact, are hard to remember."

"You mean sex," Alex said. It wasn't a question.

Laura's guys sighed. So that was what this meeting was about. Josie's protective senses went into overdrive. Laura was her bestie. This could get...complicated.

"Do I really need to know this much about your sex lives? Seriously?" Josie whined.

"Do you guys ever keep it in your pants?" a gravelly voice added. Madge, the eighty-something waitress and, it so happened, Alex's grandfather's girlfriend, skittered by. Her nurse's shoes squeaked on the faded-but clean-linoleum at the stalwart diner.

"Only when you're around, Madge," Dylan shot back. She pointed her stylus at him and winked. He slumped back in the booth and grimaced, making Josie snicker.

"That's because you couldn't handle all of me, Pretty Boy."

Alex looked green suddenly. "Uh, Madge, do you mind?" His grandfather, Ed, had Alzheimer's, though a recent med change had given Ed a much better prognosis and a better memory overall. His filter about his sex life had faded, though, and Alex couldn't handle the truth.

Especially when it turned out Madge and Ed used Dan Savage's column as a bucket list.

That they were rapidly making their way through.

Madge opened her puckered smoker's mouth to say something else to Dylan, shot Alex a sidelong glance, and then snapped her lips shut. "You want one of everything?" she asked the group. "All the new specials?"

Everyone groaned.

"What's with the menu?" Mike asked. "This is amazing."

"My grandson, Caleb," Madge answered, puffing up her chest like a silver-back gorilla after eviscerating another alpha. The effect drained a little of Josie's appetite. "He's come to Boston to help out more, and look at the difference."

"You really think we should get one of everything?" The specials page looked like it held at least fifteen different dishes. Josie would need to be hauled out in a wheelbarrow if she ate as much as she wanted.

"How about you pick for us, Madge?" Alex asked affably, his face friendly with a smile. "You know better than anyone how to please the crowd."

Her tight prune face lit up and she patted Alex on the cheek. "You're just like your grandfather. You always know how to butter up an old lady." She zipped off, clicking on her electronic order pad.

"I'd hate to know how those two use butter these days," Josie muttered.

"I'm going to be sick," Alex mumbled, picking at a napkin.

Everyone laughed. Mike and Dylan sounded sick, too.

"While we all make jokes and pretend you didn't invite us here to talk about your non-existent sex life, let's just get it out in the open. Why do you have a non-existent sex life?" Josie asked.

"Ask your best friend," Dylan muttered.

Mike shook his head, giving Dylan a look of disappointment. "It's not that simple. Something's wrong with Laura. And it goes deeper than sex."

"Like what?" Josie had just seen her a few days ago. Laura was exhausted and harried and smelled like baby shampoo and milk. Wasn't that how all new mothers were for the first year? Josie had held Jillian for twenty minutes or so here and there, letting Laura shower and go to the bathroom alone. Then again...from Laura's effusive praise and thanks-more than Josie had heard out of her own mother's mouth in twenty years-she should probably have assumed Laura was especially overwhelmed.

"All she does is sit on the couch, nurse Jillian, and read."

"What else can a breastfeeding mom do? She's attached at the nipple," Alex interjected. Madge appeared with two plates of fried pickles, a pitcher of water, and glasses for everyone.

"Coffee?"

"Yes!" they all hissed. Dylan shoved a pickle in his mouth and promptly spat it out, raking his palm across the table to grab the water pitcher. Frantic hands poured ice water and he shoved the glass to his mouth.

"Do I really have to tell a grown man who has been coming to this diner for nearly a decade that a plate of fried food straight from the kitchen is hot?" Madge said in a disgusted tone.

"Ad dow by tug id bunt," Dylan whined.

"Whatever. Your tongue will recover. Here's the dipping sauce." Madge set down two cruets. "The.Sauce.Is.Cold," she said slowly to Dylan, then rolled her eyes, marching off.

"Her compathun ith udduhwhemming," Dylan sputtered.

"Dat waskly wabbit went dataway!" Josie answered, pointing at Madge's rapidly moving form, now filling another table's coffee mugs.

Alex elbowed her. "Milk," he said to Dylan. "Some milk will help." Pushing the cream pitcher to the poor suffering guy, Alex looked at Josie and said, "Speaking of compassion..."

"It's his own fault!" She pulled the platter of fried pickles closer. "Besides, more for me."

"Ad least I don't need a fully-functioning tug these days," Dylan said after cooling it off with water and milk. "Nod in bed."

Josie pushed the platter back to the center of the table. "C'mon. That was just mean," she said, deflated.

"I know." Dylan's evil grin made her grab the plate back. No way he was winning this one.

"If you're having problems in bed," Alex said, carefully dipping one pickle chip in the sauce, holding it in his hand to cool off, "maybe Laura needs to see her gynecologist in case she's having pain or dryness issues."

Josie stuck her fingers in her ears. "Lalalalala can't hear you talking about my friend's vagina like it's a motor on a car."

"If it were, the engine would be seized," Mike said quietly.

"LALALALALALALA!"

Dylan took the mature route, surprising Josie. "Laura already went. Everything is fine. Lube isn't an issue; we bought practically a 55-gallon drum of it a few months ago."

"There's a visual," Alex said, dropping his chip.

"See? You've grossed out an OB-GYN, guys. Congratulations. That takes some effort." Josie dipped a now-cooler fried pickle into the creamy green sauce in front of her. The taste was exactly as she imagined, only a thousandfold better. Who knew you could combine avocado and horseradish and produce this?

"I never said I was grossed out," Alex protested. Josie was too involved in the savory delight assaulting her tongue to argue.

"Is this just something we have to suffer through?" Mike asked Alex. Sad puppy-dog eyes made her heart go out to him.

Her hand, on the other hand, reached greedily for another piece of pickle.

"Six months postpartum? For some women, yeah-they're still not that interested. Especially if she's exclusively breastfeeding."

"She is," sighed Mike.

"What are we talking about in terms of lack of interest here?" Alex asked.

Josie gagged audibly.

"Once a week?" Alex continued.

Dylan snorted.

"A...month?"

Mike cleared his throat. "We've had sex twice since Jillian was born."

"HOLY SWEET JESUS!" Josie shouted. Thank goodness she'd finished swallowing, because the shock of that little detail would have required Alex to perform the Heimlich if she'd still been chewing. "What on earth is wrong?"

"That's not quite true," Dylan said, turning to Mike. "There were a few blow jobs-"

"STOP!" Josie ordered, just as Madge delivered plates filled with cannoli, a crock pot of what must be the mac 'n cheese, and an array of delights.

"Blow jobs, huh?" the waitress cracked. Alex turned beet red. So cute he could blush under circumstances like this. Josie wasn't sure if he could get any sweeter.

But right now she wanted to kill him as he so dryly talked about Mike and Dylan's penises as if they were commodities. And Laura's vagina were a department store shelf.

An empty one.

"TWICE?" Josie couldn't get over that one. Sure, she'd had dry spells herself. But not while living with Thor and a guy who looked like a romance novel cover model.

"Nothing wrong with two blow jobs," Madge muttered as she walked away.

"See why we called you?" Dylan said plaintively. He reached for the ice cream sundae and stuffed a spoonful of creamy cold sweetness in his mouth, closing his eyes. Josie imagined it was the closest to sex he'd come in, well...a lot longer than she'd imagined.

"Poor Laura."

Alex looked at her like she had two heads. "Poor Laura?" He gestured to Mike and Dylan. "How about poor them?"

"Poor everyone," she conceded.

"Not poor me," Alex whispered, his hand snaking around her waist, sliding up her ribcage to-

"Hey!" Dylan snapped. "No PDAs."

"What is this? Catholic school?" Josie snuggled up against Alex's warm form. Scrubs were thin enough to show that he was pretty warm for her form, too. She patted Alex's hand. He took hers and put it on his thigh. Nice and high. Then squeezed. Twice in six months? Try six times in one week. Even that wasn't enough these days, with Alex's crazy work schedule. Mike and Dylan had every right to look so sad, but now Josie was on high alert about her best friend. Time for an intervention of some sort.

"Might as well be," Mike grunted. "We're celibate."

"And not by choice," Dylan added, now halfway through the sundae.

"What are you doing about it?" Josie demanded. "Do you give her breaks? Compliment her? Take her out for nice dinners? Give her massages?"

"Buy her a nice new sex toy?" Alex added.

Josie's turn to blush. "That doesn't work for everyone."

"Works for you!" he said. "Snaps you right out of a bad mood. That fourteen inch-"

Mike put both palms out flat in a gesture of halt! "We get it. And yes-we tried that. No go. We've sent flowers. Chocolates. Gotten extra cleaning and errand help. You name it. All she wants to do is play with the baby, nurse, and read."

The group went silent as they ate their way through two continents' worth of plates filled with amazing culinary feats.

As they picked at the remainders of the desserts, Josie had an idea. "You said she just reads all day, right?"

"Yep." Unison. The frequency with which those two answered the same word or phrase was eerie.

"What's she reading?"

Mike's face folded into an expression of consternation. "No idea."

Dylan shrugged, eyebrows coming together as he frowned, near-perfect muscles attuned and thinking, all focused on her question. He might be an arrogant ass but he was a damn attractive one. Shaking his head he looked at Mike. "Me too. I can't say."

Josie chuckled. "I think," she said, scooping the last dregs of truffle shavings out of a tall sundae glass, "you might find some answers on her eReader."

Alex crossed his arms over his chest, then groaned, removing his arms and placing a flat palm on his full stomach. "What do you mean?"

"Don't you think that knowing what she's doing for most of her waking hours could help Mike and Dylan to understand what she's feeling?"

All three men bent in, leaning toward her, as if she were divulging the secrets of the Dead Sea Scrolls.

"Seriously, guys? The woman spends eight or ten hours a day reading and living in a fantasy land in her head and you didn't even think to ask her what she's reading?"

Mike blinked rapidly, his strong, Nordic jaw set in concentration. Piercing blue eyes met hers, buried under a brow furrowed in understanding. "She is living in that little machine. And in her head. I never thought to ask what she's reading, frankly. I just ask about her and the baby."

Dylan sighed, his face so different from Mike's, dark and swarthy, yet no less concerned. He was also the scruffier of the two, with a torn t-shirt from some '80s band covering his toned body, and a face that hadn't been shaved in a good three weeks. "Beard" wasn't quite the word for the train wreck of whiskers that covered his face and neck.

"No, I didn't ask either." He ran a frustrated hand over his face. "Jesus. How could we miss that?"

"Because you're men," Josie declared.

Six eyes stared at her, gone to stone.

"It's true!"

"You're saying women are smarter than men about relationships?" Alex asked, his voice fighting to stay neutral. Her heart soared. She loved a challenge.

"Do you have a penis?"

"You know damn well I do."

"Then yes."

"You realize that you're the one who was so terrified of my monster of a mother that you-"

"HEY!" Mike growled. "This is our relationship mess we're deconstructing. Not yours. Go book a slot on Dr. Phil if you want to untangle your mess."

"We're the ones who should be on that show," Dylan grumbled.

"You're better suited for Maury," Josie said.

"Who?"

"Nevermind."

"Nice diversion," Alex cracked, elbowing her in the rib, "but let's get back to the point. Go read her eReader. See what she's been reading. Maybe it will give you some ideas and you can go from there."

"I can already guess," Dylan groaned. "Breastfeeding books and baby signs and how to make homemade baby food. Sew your own cloth diapers. How to make a Maya wrap from leftover moss and shredded placenta. Shit like that."

"It's not shit!" Mike retorted. "It's a perfectly valuable way to bond with your kid."

Dylan rolled his eyes. "Co-sleeping and breastfeeding is fine. But she's going on about sherpa fleece and buying a sewing machine to make more absorbent cloth diapers and my mind goes zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. And now she's asking about 'elimination communication.'"

"What's that?" Josie was almost afraid to ask. "Like, announcing when you have to pee?"

"OK, she's going overboard," Mike relented. He turned to Josie. "No-it's not using diapers on the baby and reading her signals when she needs to go, then holding her over the toilet."

"Laura is doing that?" Josie's jaw dropped.

"No, thank god," Dylan exclaimed. "But she's thinking about it."

"She really has thrown herself into the whole Attachment Parenting thing," Josie agreed.

"Nothing wrong with that," Alex said. "Every parent has to pick the approach that works best."

Silence. That anyone anywhere was holding a baby over a toilet every hour so it could pee was an eye opener. If Alex wanted that for their kids... Wait. What kids? She didn't want kids! Josie scrubbed her mind. She needed to focus on Laura.

"But you might want to broaden your expectations," Josie mused. "I think you're in for a surprise when you see what she's been reading."

"You know something we don't?" Dylan asked.

"No. It's just...I'm a woman."

Three balled up napkins hit her head at the same time.

Dylan

"Are they asleep?"

Mike closed the bedroom door slowly and looked at him, a finger pressed to his lips. Turning the knob slowly, he managed to close it entirely with just the faintest click. "Yes."

Finally! Josie's suggestion had been a good one, he had to grudgingly admit, but getting Laura 1) away from her eReader 2) away from both of them and 3) Jillian away from both of them all at the same time had proven to be a logistics nightmare worthy of air traffic control at LaGuardia Airport. What a mess. Ten days after their meeting with Josie and Alex at Jeddy's they finally had their chance. With Laura sound asleep, and Jillian snuggled up with her, they could take a long look at what was going on inside Laura's head.

Literally.

The eReader powered up quickly and Dylan zipped his way through the screen to find her library.

Well, now.

Josie was right, much as Dylan was loathe to admit it.

"It's like a giant online porn shop!" Mike hissed. His eyes bugged out of his head as he leaned over Dylan and held the corner of the machine.

"This one has 'fem dom' in it. What's that?"

"Beats me."

For the next ten minutes they scrolled through page after page of book covers in full HD color. Blush by Lauren Jameson. Anything He Wants by Sara Fawkes. A bunch of books by someone named Maya Banks. He suspected the book Burn had nothing to do with firefighting.

Surrender by Melody Anne. Bared to You by Sylvia Day. Release Me by Julie Kenner. They all had tasteful little objects on the covers, with pearls and cufflinks and shadowed faces, but as Mike opened one and randomly flipped through to what looked like a sex scene-

My, oh, my.

Laura had quite a little kink going on here.

In her mind.

Dylan's pants tightened as his eyes skimmed over the words. Women in bondage. Long, drawn out scenes that went on page after page. Master/sub contracts. And then...

"Their Virgin Princess! That's the book Josie was joking about at Jeddy's," Dylan pointed out. Mike had remained remarkably silent as they stood there, transfixed.

A few taps and they scanned the first few chapters. Three bodyguards for a princess in a land where three men and one woman was the norm.

"THREE?" Dylan grunted. "Do we need to make room for another razor in the house?" He snorted. "Then again, it'd be just another guy who won't be getting any."

"Shhhh," Mike whispered, entranced. Dylan could see his eyes racing across the page, eating up the words. And those were some words. You name a descriptor for male and female genitalia, it was there. And the dom in the story was-whoa.

He made Dylan feel like a wuss.

Butt plugs. Three ex-military bodyguards. A plane crash in the desert-Josie wasn't kidding! That meant she was reading these books, too. Were all women reading this stuff now that Fifty Shades of Grey and eReaders had unleashed something? This wasn't his grandmother's romance novel. Noni had always read bodice rippers, with covers that showed a gleaming man's bare chest next to a damsel whose dress was pulled down around her shoulders, his mouth pressed to the woman's neckline for a kiss.

"My stories," she called them. Noni invested a lot of money in her stories. When she had died, they'd found more than four hundred paperbacks, mostly Harlequin books, stacked neatly in grocery bags in her guest room closet.

The local nursing home residents had been thrilled to get them.

Now Dylan wondered what the hell was between those covers. This was like crack for romance lovers.

And Mike was quickly becoming addicted as he gently pulled the eReader from Dylan's hand and walked over to the couch, settling in for a good, long read.

Good and long being the operative adjectives.

Those three bodyguards knew how to please a woman.

Holy BDSM!

For the next twenty minutes Dylan was transported somewhere else.

And so was his cock, which twitched and grew, straining against his jeans. While his hand, a bottle of Laura's coconut-scented lotion, and YouPorn had held his needs at bay for a bit, he was desperate for the old sex life he, Laura and Mike had shared. Thoughts of Laura filled him, pumping through his mind as he imagined she was the princess in the book, being readied for her three (no, two...) men.

What-two wasn't enough?

By the looks of it, Laura needed hundreds of men. Pages of long, drawn out temptation and longing, then fevered denial and brutal-yet passionate, and loving-bondage and domination greeted his eyes as he drank it in. Mike sat next to him, their bodies touching, breathing even and steady as they comfortably read through the next few chapters of the book, shifting occasionally in what Dylan imagined was arousal.

Or shock.

Or, more likely-envy.

The men in these imaginary worlds got everything they wanted. Sex. Love. The woman. A forever ending that he, Mike and Laura already had.

Minus the sex.

It wasn't about the orgasm. Really-it wasn't. What he missed most was the sound of her breath hitching in that oh-so-sexy way she had, the little give that told him she was getting ready for him. How her face flushed with need when she was aroused. The wetness of her walls as he slid one finger in her, his mouth eager to taste her juices.

Everything sensual and alive and skin was missing right now. Collapsing into the goodness and animal need of a world where the bedroom made everything else fade, where the three of them could just be raw nerves and want and naked lust was...gone.

Dried up.

As if it had never happened.

There was no lack of affection in their lives. Hugs and kisses and cuddles abounded. But when he or Mike tried to turn a peck on the lips with Laura into something deeper, she went shallow. Neither wanted to push because, well...they were respectful. Nice. Honorable.

Learning that it turned out she'd been filling her head with this every day, for hours and hours, made him re-evaluate the last few months. Not in the sense that he should ever violate her boundary-if Laura didn't want sex, Laura shouldn't have to have sex. Period. End of discussion. No meant no, always.

But what did all this BDSM reading mean?

"Where did we go wrong?" he asked Mike.

Mike shook his head slowly, not taking his eyes off the screen. Running one hand through his shaggy, blonde hair, he mumbled, "I don't know, but damn, this writer can write." A long, slow sigh poured out of him, his lips pursed, face deep in a frown. He looked like a Norse god troubled by thoughts of war.

"No shit. You as worked up as I am?"

Mike looked longingly down the hallway, toward their bedroom door where Laura now slept. "Yeah."

Unable to stand it any more, Dylan stood and marched over to the kitchen, willing his erection to go down. Heel, boy, he ordered it. Reluctantly, it began to fade. Reading all that had triggered more in him than any porn ever could. The words elicited reactions and emotions far stronger than any image or video ever could.

Maybe that's why romance novels were so popular. If that was why Noni read so many...

He shook his head like a dog trying to brush off a burr. Don't think about Noni aroused. Gross.

The new espresso machine gave his hands something to do, scooping the coffee in, tamping the grounds, and then-yes! The familiar hiss of manna being brewed. Two little cups later, he brought Mike one and reclaimed his seat. Browsing through a new book, Mike took the cup in one big hand, his other cradling the eReader.

"I can't believe this is what Laura's reading!" Mike whispered.

"We need to do something about this," Dylan insisted. "It's obviously her fantasy."

"We can't engineer a plane crash on a desert island and have a suitcase full of sex toys wash ashore magically," Mike said dryly, taking a sip.

"No, but we could get Josie and Alex to babysit for a night while we get some velvet handcuffs and drip some hot wax on a blindfolded Laura!"

The air rang with Dylan's words, and...yup. Hard again. A quick glance at Mike told him he was in the same state.

"If this is what she really wants," Mike mused, "why doesn't she just ask for it? She knows we're about as open as anyone can be in the bedroom."

Dylan shook his head, then took a good, long look at Mike. "You look like hell." Hair overgrown, a scruffy beard, and a button down with a missing top button greeted his eyes.

"You're just a shorter, darker version of me." A not-so-gentle set of fingers brushed against Dylan's overgrown cheek.

"We've let ourselves go," Dylan said. Aside from quarterly meetings with the Board of Directors for his new charity, an organization designed to help families of cancer victims with services and grant money, Dylan didn't have anywhere he had to be that required cleaning himself up. When Jillian was born he'd stopped volunteering at the fire station, so now he was basically a professional dad.

And trust fund dude, a fate he and Mike had settled in to, finally. Even Mike had handed over most of the day-to-day operations of the ski resort to his management. No one really needed to look presentable for society. Other than basic hygiene, they just hadn't cared.

"We can fix that right now. A quick haircut, shave, and some decent clothes would go far. You clean up nicely when you bother," Mike said, smiling.

Dylan frowned. "Not enough. It's not like we've looked like this forever. I think we need to go further."

Mike finished his espresso and set the cup on the end table with a grace that belied his size.

"How far?"

Dylan tapped on the eReader and pulled up a page full of sex toys. "Let's start here."

"Alex was kidding when he suggested we get her a new sex toy!"

"I don't think it's a bad idea, though. Except the toys are for us to use on her. Not for her to use on her, you know? How about we read more of these stories and buy some of the...implements they use, and give Laura a taste of what her imagination is creating?" Dylan presented the idea to Mike with, he hoped, a sense of urgency and excitement that would convert him.

"Hi, honey!" Mike hissed. "Now that you spent sixteen hours breastfeeding all day and are coming to bed covered in vomit and smelling like sour milk, here we are with the Baby Jesus butt plug and a Sybian!"

"Not like that," Dylan insisted. "And what's a Sybian?"

Mike took the eReader, flipped back to a different book, and pointed. "Start reading here. I'll be back in a minute." Dylan looked up and watched Mike leave the room, his frumpled t-shirt and the shaggy blonde curls over his ears symptoms of benign neglect, and sighed.

They really had let themselves go.

But that shouldn't matter. And what the hell was a Sybian?

Ninety seconds later Dylan knew exactly what a Sybian was, and he was ready to go order one if there was any hope he could watch Laura use it. And there was that scene with the sex swing....

Where was she hiding this crazy, uninhibited side of her? Under those soft curves, that dimpled smile, those lips she bit at the moment of orgasm? The mere idea that she'd ride a machine with a dildo attached to it and like it made him nearly come in his pants right now. Flipping frantically through the eReader, he opened another book with a woman's hands bound on the front. Then one where she wore a mask and was draped in red silk. Yet another with a cuff link and pearls on it. And another...

Ropes and handcuffs and melted candle wax and dildos and dilators and butt plugs.

His very own Laura had an active, healthy, amazingly wonderful inner sex life.

Unleash the woman, for fuck's sake!

Or, he mused, perhaps what she wanted was to be leashed.

"Are you a Sybian expert now?" Mike asked as he returned from the kitchen, chomping on an energy bar.

Dylan shifted himself in a way that made Mike laugh. "Oh, you laugh, but you know exactly how I feel right now."

"Yup."

"That Sybian..."

"Yup."

"I'm thinking about ordering one."

A cocked eyebrow was Mike's calm response. "You are?"

"You in?"

"I say order one of everything from those books and see what happens." The devilish gleam in Mike's eyes was so different from his droll manner that even after ten years together, Dylan was amazed the man could surprise him.

"You realize you're talking to a guy with nearly unlimited money and zero impulse control?"

"You realize you are talking to a guy who has had sex twice and exactly one blow job in six months?" Mike's face was serious, eyes gone dark and smoky. Mischief was gone. This was a man determined.

Dylan's jaw dropped. Thank God they were in agreement. Whatever it took to unlock the passionate woman they'd met fifteen months ago and to regain the intimacy they all seemed to crave-but couldn't quite find their way to-was what they needed to do now. Something had to give.

"What are we wasting time talking for, then? Let's start clicking."

Crreak. The telltale sign of their bedroom door opening made them both freeze.

"Shit!" Dylan hissed. Mike put a finger to his lips and stopped chewing on the energy bar. Both stood there, ears cocked. The sound of footsteps, and then the baby began to babble.

Mike looked at the eReader. "It's been nearly two hours!"

"No way!"

Mike tapped and slid his fingers wildly, getting the machine back to the Home screen. "You order whatever we need later on from your phone. You have carte blanche. Get whatever you want."

An evil laugh bubbled up inside Dylan as he rubbed his hands together.

This was going to be fun.

Alex

"Are you crazy? Let Josie watch the baby overnight? That woman can't keep a houseplant alive with a growlight, fertilizer, Google, and a team of highly-trained pot farmers at her disposal." Laura's high, reedy voice could be heard from across the room, as Josie had the phone on speaker mode. Josie had insisted that Alex spend the night at her place-fortunately, Darla was at a gig for Trevor's band. Joe was still in law school, though all Darla had talked about for weeks was how he'd be home soon for winter break. For Alex, it meant a nice night together away from his roommate, John, who had returned from his medical fellowship full of talk of medical genetics and one-upmanship politics as he tried to get a coveted research spot for next year.

Alex, meanwhile was on the decidedly less ambitious family physician/obstetrician track. The more surgery he performed, the less he liked it.

"I heard that!" Josie shouted at the phone. Alex winced. Even in a bad mood, Josie would still be interested in sex, but a bad mood could ruin his chances for something a bit more risque. Like a romp outside.

"But she loves Jillian." Dylan's desperation made Alex cringe. His deep voice was a stark contrast to Laura's nervous, high voice.

"And I'll be here the entire time in case she drops the baby!" Alex added, followed by Josie's marching across the room to elbow him in the gut. "Ow!" he shouted.

"Jillian will be fine, Laura," Josie crooned. "This will give me a chance to see how I do at this whole pretending I have a maternal bone in my body thing."

"Not the best thing to say to convince a brand-new, first time mother, Josie," Alex hissed, taking the phone away from her unceremoniously.

"Overnight?" Alex asked. "That's quite an honor, Laura." He took the phone off speaker and decided to talk one-to-one. Dylan and Mike needed this night. Hell, he and Josie needed it, too. After six months of dating he was working on convincing her to consider the next step in their relationship, though he wasn't quite sure what that was. Moving in together would displace Darla, and his own lease had another six months on it, anyway. Josie had grudgingly let him keep one set of work clothes at her place these days, while he'd cleared out half his closet for her.

If she really, truly never wanted kids, then he'd have some hard reckoning ahead of him, because he most assuredly did want children. Maybe not right now, but in a few years...and so this could reveal a lot about her. An entire day and night with a six month old.

Plus, Dylan and Mike needed this. He could practically see their eyeballs floating, they were so backed up.

"Laura, I have a medical degree. I've helped birth more than two hundred fifty babies, and I'm CPR certified for infants. I even have perfect pitch for singing happy songs that soothe babies. Plus, Jillian loves my hair."

"You have perfect pitch?" Josie interjected. She looked at him with one eyebrow raised, her eyes sparkling with a look he couldn't name, but that instantly made him fall more deeply in love with her. "Is that why your voice is so melodic when you cry out my name?"

Damn it. His body hardened in all the wrong places right this moment. His brain returned to Laura, scrambling to find the thread of discussion again. Ah, yes. Baby. Watching the baby. Overnight. Helping to see how Josie would be. Giving Dylan and Mike a chance for something after six months.

And then Josie's hand snaked over his ass and gave him a squeeze as she began a slow hip curl down to the ground then back up, unbuttoning her shirt from the top down, one slllloooowww button at a time.

While licking her lips.

Brain shattered.

"Alex?" Laura's confused voice brought what little bit of cohesive thought he had back to center. "Are you and Josie really willing to do this?" Sensing a need, a desire to give this a try, and something deeper, he put his entire being into convincing her that this was going to be alright.

"Laura, we'd love to. And," he said conspiratorially, cupping his hand over the phone, "it would be a real favor to me."

"To you?"

"You know how skittish Josie is about the idea of settling down and having kids-"

Hysterical, barking laughter filled his ear. Josie moved on to her second button and he waved her away frantically even as he hardened. If more blood went south he was going to need a transfusion.

"Josie," Laura gasped, "have kids?"

"See?" he said darkly as Josie walked out of the room, tossing her shirt in his face. "That's why this would help me. Give us a day with a baby, warm her up to the idea."

Laughter halted. "You two are that serious?"

"Not yet, but..."

"But you'd like to be."

"Yes," he said, his breath escaping and elongating the ssssssss as Josie returned, now nude, carrying the biggest vibrator he'd ever seen.

It was the size of his forearm. She stuck her tongue out a la Miley Cyrus and he half expected her to reach for a foam finger and-

"So Laura? Just trust us, OK? Um, I'm getting buzzed right now," he said, nearly yelping as Josie turned the vibrator on and pressed it against his hip. That wasn't a lie.

"Oh, a patient?"

"A future mother who is out of her mind right now," he gasped into the phone, grabbing Josie's wrist. With very little effort he managed to push her against the wall and pin both wrists above her head, his hip holding her pelvis in place as he struggled not to wipe that wicked grin off her face with his-

Waaaaaaaa! A baby's cry pierced the air and Laura said, "Gotta go-talk later!" A merciful click set him free.

"You are so going to pay for that," he growled in Josie's ear as he hit "End" on the phone with a practiced thumb, then tossed the device behind him. It landed with a soft thud on the couch. His wriggling, naked girlfriend, all flesh and sinew and tight body, moaned as he tightened his grip on her wrists with one hand and used the other to slide down between her legs, finding her wet for him already.

"You want to play a game, young woman, you need to be ready to play to win."

"I'm," Josie gasped as he slid his thumb along her clit, fingers sliding down, then up, lubing her warm folds, "not younger than you."

"Then you cradle-robbing cougar, you," he said as his cock pressed against her hip, clothes suddenly a hindrance, her eyes half-lidded and face pinkened with a hazy, unfocused look that told Alex more than any words could. This was not how he'd thought the next hour of their day would go; Laura's phone call had interrupted their walk out the door to grab a lovely meal at a local Greek restaurant. A striptease and a little hand bondage, however, could replace dinner.

He could dine at the Y and have a lovely meal.

Wiggling her shoulder, Josie tried to get out of his grasp. He rather liked this, the muscled difference between his body and hers making this unanticipated encounter more masculine, more animalistic, than any they'd had before. He knew she enjoyed his dominance in the bedroom, but it had been a more genteel, modern-era dominance.

Right now he wanted to go all-out Don Draper.

After all, she had transgressed, right? Cockteasing him, interrupting his call, misbehaving and all that.

"You've been so bad," he whispered, running his tongue up the side of her neck, sucking her earlobe with his wet, warm bottom lip, then biting as she groaned. His fingers were slick with her heat and response, and he used his thumb to stroke her swollen nub in soft, unyielding circles. Her grinding against his hand was all he needed to know.

If she pushed her soft, naked body against him much longer, he'd come in his pants.

Time for no pants.

As he removed his hand from her vulva, she cried out with frustration, then leaned forward to kiss him as he deftly unbuttoned and unzipped himself. There wasn't much time-for a change their dinner plans were at a place with atmosphere, and a dinner bill that would probably equal a day's pay-a place where tables were by reservation only. No time like the present, then-especially when your girlfriend offered herself up like something out of a Penthouse fantasy letter. If she wanted to shift the power balance by sending him off kilter with her nudity as he struggled to maintain composure on the phone with Laura, two could play at the unequal game.

Before she could react to his releasing her hands, he lifted her easily into his arms, walked to the couch to grab an afghan, then carried her to the door.

"What are you-ALEX, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" she shrieked as he juggled a flailing, nude girlfriend, a front door knob, and his own sliding trousers. The blanket began to fall off his arm, and one move and the house of cards would come tumbling down.

That was fine.

As long as someone came.

"We're having sex on the porch!" he said in the same tone one might use to say, "We're getting a popsicle from the ice cream truck!"

"Are you crazy? I'm naked!" she squealed.

"Should have thought about that," he answered-squeezing her ass with more force than was needed for a turn on, knowing the added pain would help bring her to the edge-"before you started that dicktease." Six months of sleeping together had given him considerable experience in getting Josie to express her boundaries. It turned out they were as flexible as she was-in bed.

"Stop it!" she hissed.

He froze.

"If you're going to do this, you have to be naked, too!"

A deep chuckle rose out of him as he laid her gently on the porch swing he'd helped to install a few months ago. The November chill made her nipples turn to pink peaks in seconds, a fine gooseflesh beginning on her arms and thighs. God, he could stare at her body forever.

Oh, how his erection said otherwise. Now now now now.

Grabbing the afghan, Josie threw it over her naked form and a laugh burbled up. "Seriously? Now we're air fucking on my fucking porch? You got a thing for having the mailman look at your naked ass?"

What amazed him-what made him love her-was that she wasn't horrified, or angry, or offended that he'd just assumed she'd be fine with being poured onto a very public piece of furniture and be fucked outside, in broad daylight, where someone might find them.

She'd questioned whether he should be naked, too.

But hadn't questioned the premise of danger sex one.tiny.bit.

Could he love this woman any more?

"Not my naked ass," he murmured as he pulled his pants down so that his eager cock was laid bare for her. Sitting carefully, he pulled her into his lap, holding one of his hands to her mouth. She sucked on two fingers, taking her time as her tongue ran down the sides of his index and middle finger, the sensation making his abs tighten. Something had to go rigid-if his erection were any more taut it would slingshot off his body, hit the moon, and land somewhere in the Indian Ocean, tracked by NASA.

A shift of his hips, a nudge of her perfect, round ass and then he felt himself at the edge of her deep warmth, her body leaning into his as she straddled him, the afghan a warm, thick, knitted cover he draped over their bodies. She was on the pill and for the first time in six months of being together he felt a tug as that detail floated through the periphery of his mind, a hint of a life not yet lived. Cars lolled by and dog owners played across the street in the dewy, foggy late afternoon as the touch of sun wisped away into gray.

Sliding in her, he felt the cool air against his neck, her hot breath setting his ear on fire, his hands under the blanket caressing her breasts, each fitting perfectly in one of his palms with room to spare. With one foot braced against the porch floor be began to gently rock the hanging swing, his motion met with a throaty laugh from Josie, who lifted her hips up, then slid down, impaled by him and yet he was the one pinned in place by sheer lust and overwhelm.

And then she tightened.

If kegel muscle control were an Olympic event, Josie would be the US team captain, on the cover of Wheaties boxes every four years. For life. The feeling was brutal and glorious at once, as if he were being milked by a hot, wet cave of Josie's love.

"I love you," he murmured in her ear, her pants of concentration and shifting hips his only answer. When she was this close-and they both were, really-she stopped speaking, fingers digging into whatever part of him she touched. Bare breasts pressed against his clothed chest, and his pants pooled around his knees as she writhed, nude, on top of him, the curve of her shoulder under the wool blanket blending with his heated gasp, white clouds of condensation lifting away from them as if moans could take actual, tangible form.

She licked his neck, then suckled, the pull attached to a sinew and muscle trail straight to the base of his cock, like a line she discovered and played with impunity. "Oh, God," he shuddered, her own orgasm so close he could taste it.

How he wished he could.

Something to save for later.

A shattering clamp was her response, twinning with the suck of her mouth against his jugular, and all the blood flowed to his arms and legs in a great whoosh, receding back and pounding into his core with a rhythm and crescendo that became so insistent it lost definition, growing outside him, blending with the air, the trees, the sky, and with Josie's trembling form. Only she could bring him to this, in this way-sitting under a blanket, rocking lazily as passersby strolled on, unaware that their world imploded and transformed through a joining borne of connection and shared risk.

And kegels.

Verbal, linear thought eluded him as he became an expanse of skin and nerves, centered at his heart and the base of his shaft, connected by her body. So sweet. Being in her was the ultimate welcome, an invitation to join with a woman so special he couldn't imagine living without her, a love that would transcend her lifetime, lingering on in children and grandchildren imagined, in an extraordinary choice to embrace something more than either of them could be without each other.

Thrusting up, ever so incrementally, as she plummeted down on him, the micromovements managed for social respectability, controlled by structure and discovery, each push into her felt like a pilgrimage to some holy place, a chapel of love and trust where acceptance and blind need all mixed together with passion and lust to form this thrust.

And this groan.

And this gasp.

And then, just when the feel of her fingertips on his neck was like fire, as her lowered head and parted lips blended with her thighs pushing against him, at that moment when she levered him deeper in with her bearing down-it was then that his climax took over, all red and white and black and grey behind his eyes, the white-hot star of explosion and disbursement a sweaty, fevered affair that hit him not like waves but, instead, on one giant crack of decision.

All of her on him, his whole being in her, the rasp of his cheek against her neck, the scent of pussy and her soap filling the air between them-and the soft slushy sound of car tires wheeling by, mingled with horns and trains and carefree calls of owners to dogs said one, singular thing whispered through the lips of this gorgeous woman stretched over him, jellied limbs around his neck, spent nerves twitching in little residual movements:

"I love you, too, you pervert."

He chuckled and squeezed. "We both are."

Peeling herself off his chest, the afghan slipping and threatening to bare her back to the guy getting out of a cab across the street, he reached for the cloth and pulled it back up, cocooning her. "We're a perfect match."

"I could get used to you."

"After six months, you haven't broken me in yet?"

Squeeze. He was spent and fading fast, but the thrill of her enveloping him made blood rush down again. "I can just peel this off you right now and-"

The press of her lips against his caught him off guard, the heady feel of his hands and body and mouth overflowing with Josie like a second climax. Her tongue parted his lips and he drank her in, her hands buried in his hair, lips nipping at his. She planted a cute little kiss on his nose.

"How about that Greek place?"

"We probably lost the reservation."

"How about take-out Thai and we spend the night with The Determinator?"

"The what?"

She flexed her arm and made the wrist flick quickly back and forth. "The Determinator. My new toy."

"What does it determine?"

A sly grin from her. "That's what we need to explore."

The steady clomp of footsteps startled him, Josie's arms snaking about him and pulling tight against his chest to hide her naked front. Instinct kicked in and he pulled the cloth around them both, covering any hint of her nudity. While their position was a bit less dainty than might be appropriate, it was nothing close to what a full reveal under covers would expose.

"Good day," said the mailman cheerfully.

"Hi," they replied together, Alex's voice stronger, Josie's hampered by a giggle fit. Burying her face against his neck, Josie bit his collarbone, the vibration of barely repressed laughter jolting through him.

With a weak wave of his hand he tried to create a modicum of decorum, and when the guy turned the corner Alex exhaled slowly, with relief. Standing carefully, he let Josie wrap her shaking legs around his hips as he rolled them both in the afghan and guided them inside.

"You're crazy," she chided.

"I'm adventurous."

"You're awesome."

"Awesome enough to move in with?" the words came out so fast he surprised himself.

She said nothing.

Shit. And then:

"Awesome enough to babysit Jillian for a night and see how we do together in domestic harmony."

"Really?" Surprise infused his voice as a warmth spread through him. Even agreeing to such a thing was a huge leap for Josie. This tango they danced recently-he pushed, she pulled back-had become wearisome enough that he was beginning to wonder if this would define their relationship. Always surprising him, he found this sudden shift a sign that perhaps he had been hasty in judging her intransigence.

"And you can bring a toothbrush you can leave here."

Double surprise.

"Why don't you just get my name tattooed on your breast? A toothbrush? Wow." His words were sarcastic, but there was a ring of truth in it.

Josie looked down at her chest. "Not enough room," she mugged.

"Enough for me." One palm stretched out to fill it with her soft flesh. She inhaled sharply. Too soon? His cock grew-not too soon for him...

"Take it or leave it, porch sex boy."

He dumped her on the bed with a satisfying plop, her arms and legs splaying out like a daddy long legs.

"I'll take it." He stripped down quickly.

"What about dinner?" she asked, turning on her side, her hip jutting up, breasts calling out for his mouth.

His palms ran up the length of her calves, over her knees, opening her to him. "I'm coming for seconds right now..."

Mike

No amount of meditation would make his erection subside. Visualizing the Dalai Lama, Pema Chodron and Thich Nhat Hanh-nope. Imagining suffering-nope. Conjuring images of dancing teddy bears and foam fingers-OK, that helped...

The doorbell rang. Josie and Alex. All five adults had jointly decided that the best approach to the overnight would be for Jillian to stay at the home she was most accustomed to; uprooting her to Cambridge for the night might add to the potential for disaster. All of the baby items that Laura, Mike and Dylan used to manage one twenty-pound infant filled the cabin to the brim, from a bouncy seat to the high chair to the crib that the baby never actually slept in. It was currently filled with clean, folded laundry and a six-foot bunny rabbit Dylan had bought on a whim. Yesterday.

Orchestrating this night away had involved a logistical operation worthy of a five star general. Convincing Laura had been the hardest part.

"You what? You want to what? I can't leave her overnight!" she'd protested, though a flicker of interest, barely noticeable, flashed in her eyes. He had struggled for the past few days not to say anything about her reading habits. A quiet calm descended over him, his way of processing the new information. On the other hand, his libido screamed with the knowledge of what she had been reading, making his mind chaotic with questions, so many they threatened to burst from his veins.

Twenty mile runs didn't really help.

Nothing, he suspected, would help until he and Dylan had her naked and alone for nearly an entire day.

They would all have to fight the urge to sleep. Sleep had replaced sex as their preferred bedroom activity. He stopped that line of thought cold-if he kept being so pessimistic, what he thought would become what he lived. No. Absolutely not. Of course, it already had become what he lived, but he was not going to let his thoughts rule him.

Mind over matter needed to become hands over thoughts. Hands over Laura's sweet, creamy skin. Her fingers wrapping around his shaft, their lips mingled in a kiss as his palms explored her body, loving the woman who had brought him so much joy.

Not thoughts of sleep. Fuck no.

His will was stronger than his worry.

When had life become so odd? Even Dylan seemed...diminished somehow these days. Less cocky. Tired. Beaten down. They all were, and as much as he wanted to blame it on the transition to parenthood, something else accounted for it. Even the discovery of Laura's BDSM reading couldn't quite make everything add up.

Something deeper was troubling Laura, and the preparations for Josie's and Alex's arrival had helped him to understand more.

She was altered. Different. Completely consumed with Jillian and yet it was more than that, as if she were consumed precisely because she was running away from something. It was familiar to Mike, of course-he literally ran away from problems. Pounding feet on pavement took his worries and troubles away. At least for the time he was running.

Laura's form of running was the baby.

And when you were away from the distraction you used to escape your problems, they all came back in one full, enormous rush.

Were he and Dylan doing more harm than good with their crazy scheme? He hated overthinking plans, but right now his mind raced as he watched Laura talking with Josie and Alex, Jillian resting in her baby wrap on Laura's hip, reaching out to play with Alex's sleeve. Serious and frowning, Laura was explaining something about how to warm up breast milk without using a microwave while Josie's deer-in-the-headlights look visibly increased. Alex was charmed by the baby, whose hair was the exact blonde shade of her mother, Jillian's little bow lips pouting as she concentrated on accurately grabbing a button on Alex's cuff.

Mike could watch Laura forever. How could someone so beautiful and loving have found her way to them? Being given a second chance and, now, an opportunity to parent seemed more surreal than becoming a billionaire. The horrors of Jill's cancer and death seemed somehow cleansed by the baby, as if her little soul were here to wash away grief and sadness. Rich beyond his dreams, deliriously in love, and content with a family of his own making, he found himself pausing and pulling back, watching the scene not from an emotional point but, instead, with his wise mind.

Laura's nose turned up a little when she smiled. Her cheeks looked like apples when she laughed. The skin at the edges of her eyes folded in a way that conveyed compassion and empathy when she listened. Her body moved with grace and purpose, whether she was changing a diaper or talking to the woman who baked fresh bread for the farmer's market. From the blonde beauty they'd met online, to the woman timid and fearful they were making fun of her, to the broken-hearted person who'd been too upset to reveal her pregnancy, Laura had shown them so many sides of herself.

And he loved every damn one of them.

So why hide this? Bondage and domination and cravings and control while naked and steamy and full of temptation-how could she think he and Dylan wouldn't be on board? Give him a collar and some rope and every sex toy you could imagine and he'd be ready, willing, able and hot.

What made her read so much, allow her mind to feed off this, but kept her from telling the two men who were her life partners, who wanted to please her and share every intimate experience you could imagine?

Had they done something wrong?

The questions killed him, ricocheting around like errant fireworks, careening aimlessly but ready to explode on impact, far off course. And then he realized people were speaking to him.

"Helloooo!" Josie waved one arm, the other struggling to put on the baby carrier Laura was offering. "Earth to Mike!"

He ran a hand through his freshly-clipped hair. It felt good to have shorter hair, no beard, and a clean, pressed shirt. What joy the little things in life held. "Sorry. Thinking."

"Too much of that is bad for you," Laura joked, eyes panicked. Dylan was loading their overnight bags into the jeep, and he could tell from the tension in Laura's voice that she was about to-

"C'mere," Mike said, pulling her into his arms. The sobs poured out. Alex now held Jillian and deftly turned away so she wouldn't see her mother crying. Finding a blanket, he put it on the floor, and then gently set her down. As Mike soothed Laura and smoothed her hair, he realized he hadn't been this close to her, bodies touching the full line from shoulder to knee, in far, far too long. Recent hugs had been more perfunctory. Kisses had been simple pecks.

That was far too little.

No more of too little.

They deserved caresses and pats, longing looks and playful smacks, deep kisses in the kitchen, pushed up against the counter, tongues and hands exactly where they should be, holding flesh and promises of rendezvous later in the night between the sheets. He wanted frenzied quickies during naptime and slow baths in the huge Jacuzzi on the deck, the first whispers of snow in the mountains hinting at a winter wonderland, making love beneath an audience of stars in the inky sky.

Watching Alex play with the baby, who was decked out in a red and white striped outfit with hearts sprinkled randomly in the cloth, he closed his eyes as Laura reached up and wiped her eyes, laughing sheepishly. "What's wrong with me?" she asked. "I want to go away. I need to be with you and Dylan."

Josie grunted next to them, wide chocolate eyes beseeching as the tangled multi-colored cloth and brass rings of the baby sling twisted her arm behind her. "Is this really some sort of strange sex toy? Because I'm totally tied up now."

That got Laura chuckling, a genuine sound of amusement that made Mike feel better about having her pull away from him, the loss of the heat of her skin against his making him all the more determined that tonight needed to be theirs-nothing but the three of them.

"Let me unravel you," she said as she helped her friend align the contraption. Alex turned back and waggled his eyebrows at Josie in a comically overdone lascivious look that made Mike burst out laughing, his body suddenly content. More than content-right. He felt right. Everything would be just fine, he knew, if he and Dylan could get Laura out of her head space and into a more sensorial, explorative frame of mind.

With the set up she was about to discover, there was no way she could stay in her own mind.

He and Dylan had put a lot of effort into that.

Laura unraveled Josie and was poring over a four-page, single-spaced, handwritten set of notes, complete with diagrams and charts, for how to take care of Jillian for the next eighteen hours.

Josie shot Mike a look that said, Kill me now.

He shrugged. She mouthed, You owe me.

No kidding, he mouthed back.

"You guys taking mime lessons?" Dylan asked, hands full of Laura's purse and her coat.

"Done packing?" Mike asked, avoiding the silly question.

"We're ready to go!" Dylan replied.

Laura looked up, eyes wide, hands reaching for Jillian. Alex gently transferred the babbling baby to her mother. Laura's half smile vanished, her cheeks going pale, as the moment had come.

She had to trust Josie and Alex to watch the baby.

But most of all, she had to trust Mike and Dylan to go back to that time when it had just been them. To give herself a portion of a day to be Laura. Just Laura.

They wouldn't be Mommy and Daddy and Daddy and roommate and errand runner and burper and diaper changer and breastfeeder and soother.

For eighteen hours they would be Mike, Dylan and Laura.

Mike hardened at the thought.

Laura

"If you huff the baby's head any harder you'll make her go bald, Laura," Josie said as Laura sniffed Jillian's head. Inhaling deeply, Laura used the gesture to center herself. This really was ridiculous. Everyone would be fine.

Josie wrapped her arm around Laura's shoulder and squeezed. "We really will be fine. Just hand her over and go have fun with your guys. Get your groove on."

Groove? Was this the '70s? The comment made Laura laugh again, and Josie took the opportunity to slide her hands around Jillian's little striped ribcage, expertly guiding her little feet through the baby wrap and-voila! The baby rested on Josie's hip as she tightened the cloth to secure her on.

"That was perfect!" Laura gasped, genuinely impressed.

"Gah!" Jillian gurgled in agreement, bright eyes turning to Laura, then focusing on the ends of Josie's hair.

Warm fingers slipped through hers. "Let's go," Mike urged, pulling gently. With feet feeling like concrete, she lurched along next to him, feeling both heavier and lighter with each step away from her little girl. As they crossed the threshold, she willed herself not to look back, knowing the baby might cry.

Instead, it was Laura who cried as they walked to the Jeep. Dylan was standing next to it, arms outstretched toward her. As his arms enveloped her, the scent of aftershave and his musk mingled in her senses as she inhaled, throat shaky.

He smelled so good. So man.

And all hers.

A dull ache emerged deep inside, a desire for something she hadn't even thought to want in a very, very long time, emerged with such force she closed her eyes and tried to hold it back. It was too much, too fast, and too hard.

And...so was Dylan.

Her hand, as if driven by a will of its own, slid over his hip and down the front, fingers finding the outline of his straining erection against his pants. His sharp inhale pleased her. Ah, yes-this power. She'd forgotten about the thrill of arousing a man, how a simple caress could drive him to a frenzy, the promise of more and the tease of not now so intoxicating.

Knowing they could complete whatever she suggested pleased her, too.

A sharp stab of doubt hit her as he leaned in for a kiss.

Her hands found the same man she'd first touched fifteen months ago. What did his hands find when he reached for her? A very different Laura, with a body that had changed too much.

She was too much.

And just like that, the light turned off inside and she pulled back, leaving a very confused Dylan. Mike, thankfully, saved her.

"Let's go! The minutes are ticking, and we have a surprise for you, Laura," Mike said, voice a little too tight to be cheerful as he slid behind the steering wheel. His eye cut to the rear-view mirror and met Dylan's, in the back seat. They both seemed to alternate between compassion for her and ruthless efficiency. She couldn't blame them; they were probably worried she'd back out. She dutifully buckled herself into the front passenger seat, and as the Jeep peeled out of the driveway, gravel kicking up and pinging against the sides of the vehicle, all three shared a huge, deep, loud sigh of relief.

"My God, we did it!" Laura laughed. Each foot away from the cabin made her feel conflicted, yet she breathed easier. Maybe the conflicted feeling was what she thought she was supposed to feel, and not actually what she really felt. An entire day with no baby attached to her seemed unreal.

Leaving the cabin behind felt like a kind of escape, too. It wasn't that she didn't go out; she and Jillian went to stores, shopped, played at playgrounds, and took a weekly baby swimming class. But this was different. And as Mike's hand snaked across the gear shift to hold hers, she remembered that her guys were waiting with bated breath to get into bed and unleash some pent up desires, too.

When had she become "that woman," the one who wasn't interested? Every sex toy you could imagine had once lived in her bedside table, and her rich inner fantasy world had created sex positions that just plain old defied the laws of physics. She, Mike and Dylan had collectively explored about half of those-and now...nothing. She was happy to please them, but not really interested in being pleased.

Why? What had changed?

Within five minutes, Mike was pulling in to a small driveway at the edge of the ski resort. "What's this?" she asked, curious. "I thought we were going in to the city for the night."

"It's a surprise," he said in a low, suggestive voice. As the road narrowed, the brown leaves clinging to trees that should have released their burden by now, large pines appeared, tall and foreboding.

And then-a tiny cabin, the size of a turret, with a winding staircase around the outside. Made of unfinished timber, it looked like a fairy cottage, delicate and sturdy all at once, like a handcrafted home out of a fantasy movie.

"What is this?" she marveled. The cabin was two stories, but small. A wall of glass faced south, and she could see a small deck near what appeared to be the front door. On the deck sat a wooden hot tub, like something you'd see in Finland.

"A new property for the resort. We're testing out little eco-cabins, to see if we can encourage ski tourism."

The Jeep came to a halt and they piled out.

"And this is where we're staying? Boy, this sure is remote," she said, intrigued. The driveway was a good eighth of a mile, and as she scanned the full circle of the site, there wasn't any sign of civilization as far as she could see. The cabin itself almost seemed to have sprung up out of nature, Laura's view took in the timber steps, made from solid logs cut to fit, and the solar panels on the roof.

"Solar?"

"I said it was an eco-cabin," Mike reminded her. "We have electricity, running water, and a grey water recycling system."

"Is there a bathroom?"

"Yep. No worries. It has all the luxuries!" he assured her. A deck light glowed and she realized how close to winter they were. It was just barely 4pm and already dusk was settling in. They had to be back at 10am tomorrow. An image of Jillian hit her, how soft her skin was, how her chubby fists felt in Laura's hair.

"We have everything we could possibly need," Dylan added, a bit cryptically, hefting some luggage in each hand. Mike grabbed a bag as well, his other hand reaching into his front pocket. Watching him fumble and dig for the keys, Laura saw ample evidence of just how excited Mike was for this night. The two men emptied the Jeep in two trips. Laura hung back as they finished unloading, joining Mike on the front deck when they were done; Dylan remained inside. Mike's arm slid about her waist, confirming what his jeans had already hinted: this night was planned as a sexfest.

Mike gave her a look of warmth, love and teasing that made her toes tingle and-for one lovely, fleeting second-she felt transformed. All her worries and insecurities disappeared as if desiccated and blown away on the wind, carried off like dust she needn't ever worry about. The thought of making love with him made her body rev up reflexively...

But her mind quickly ground to a screeching halt. Sex was the last thing she wanted to want. As if dragging her limbs through concrete, she moved toward him, a sense of dread and angst filling her. She wasn't supposed to feel like this! Making love was what she was supposed to want, right? Stalling for time, she pretended she was still admiring the cabin. She noted there were no curtains on any windows, and why would they need them?

They were completely isolated. Only a deer or a fox would see them if they walked around nude.

Poor deer. Wouldn't want to see me naked, either, she thought, and then clamped down on the negative words. Stop it! This intrusive voice wouldn't stop cutting her down, and she wished desperately she could spend the night curled up with her eReader, even here. The only time the voice went away was when she kept her mind occupied with books. Crawling into someone else's sensual world, where the hero and heroine possessed so many faults, and love overcame all...

"Hey," Mike said gently, unlocking his knees to level himself with her, hands cradling her face. "What's going on inside that gorgeous head?"

Panic kicked in to high gear. How could she admit what she was feeling? Impossible. She didn't want him to doubt that she loved them. Or wanted them. Or needed them. But how could she say what she was really experiencing? The fissures in their relationship that this kind of revelation would bring were just too dangerous.

Better to keep it to herself.

A shaky, deep breath and she caught his eyes, making herself fake a brightness and freedom she definitely did not feel. "Just...thinking about Jillian." Not a lie. Well, not...technically.

"You can think about her tomorrow," he said in a dark, steamy voice, his lips taking hers. His hands were on her, fingers sinking in to her waist, lips owning her and then his tongue seeking to find her, all the motion so fast she felt a fire flare within, making every cell warm instantly.

As his tongue traced her teeth and his arms tightened around her, whatever train of thought she had until that moment died quickly. Melting into his arms, she was dimly aware of a light vanilla and sandalwood aroma mixing with the taste of Mike, making her wonder... Their sex life as a triad had morphed over the past year. Sometimes she slept with Mike. Sometimes Dylan. Sometimes both. No one seemed to get jealous or bitter or angry: they made it all up as they went along. Often if she was with one of them like this, the other would join in, a second set of warm hands were on her, always very welcome if not expected. A flash of memory, of Dylan's palm on the small of her back, then riding down to grasp her ass, made her smile through Mike's kiss, which seemed to ignite him. Her mind began to nag more and more insistently, urging her to note the absence of Dylan's hands on her, and finally made her break away from Mike and ask, "Dylan? What is he-?"

Smiling, Mike pushed the door to the cabin open. As she turned, she saw the answer.

Candles.

Hundreds of them. Dylan had been lighting them, encircling the interior of the round little house, a glow that warmed her further. How precious. How startling and wonderful. As dusk settled in out here on the deck, the warmth the candles cast over the interior made the cabin seem like a sanctuary.

She and Mike stepped through the door just as Dylan crossed by it, pecking a quick kiss on her as he walked past, his target the fireplace. The care they'd taken to set up this moment made her appreciate both men.

Mike stared down at her, eyes ablaze. "Some wine?"

"I'd love some," she replied, giving his arm a caress of thanks, of affection, of appreciation. She took in the rest of the interior. Sexfest, indeed. The bed was enormous-bigger than a California King-and dead center in the middle of the circular room. A cream-colored net, suspended from the ceiling, draped down over the huge, down-comforter-covered mattress, more pillows sprinkled about than an entire Bed, Bath and Beyond could even contain. Underneath the scented candles' perfume, the room smelled like the fresh cedar the cabin was made of, a scent of comfort.

Mike brought her a shining wine glass half full of a lovely rose. She gulped half down without thinking and he chuckled. Eschewing alcohol because she was nursing, she hadn't had more than a sip here and there since Jillian had been born. Drinking so much so fast would hit her hard. Loosening up couldn't hurt, right? "Same old Laura," Mike laughed. Her lack of appreciation for good wine had been a joke when they'd met, and now it was a running tease between them.

The answering laugh came out of her unbidden, her muscles relaxing, the room like something out of a fantasy, all a pale, creamy glow, with the darkened forest peeking in through the wide windows like a protective mother, tree branches embracing the tall, circular building. It really felt as if this cabin had grown out of the ground like a tree, the knots in the wood visible in the walls, the scent of cedar filling the room.

Laura sipped the rest of her glass and said nothing when Mike, after pouring a glass for Dylan, refilled hers without asking. The three stood and faced the large picture window, eyes unfocused and lost in the splendor of the view as the dusky, pink-streaked sky faded with a sepia tone.

It was the most time she'd spent just being with them since the baby had been born.

The baby. Jillian. Motherhood. For a short half hour she'd somehow pushed all thoughts of the baby aside and taken halting steps toward just being Laura again.

And it had felt good.

Reproach and guilt poured in. She batted it away. Jillian was fine. Fine. Alex and Josie could manage just fine.

Fine.

And she still felt good. She felt damn good.

Speaking of things that felt good...Dylan's arm found its way around her waist and he kissed her neck, the scent of wine and citrus mixed with his earthy, spicy aftershave. A deep inhale and another kiss, this one below her ear, and she felt her heart pick up, her body responding with a finely-tuned keening that made her feel empty, wanting him in her. The sudden rush of warmth and eagerness surprised her, making her smile, for it also pleased her.

Maybe more of the old Laura remained than just her wine cluelessness.

Maybe she really could find her way back, for one night, to the way they were.

Dylan turned her toward him, finished his glass of wine in one big swig, and with a tight power in his face that she would have thought was anger if she didn't know otherwise, reached for her hand. He pulled her toward the bed. He didn't ask.

This wasn't up for discussion.

Mike-to Laura's deep amusement-finished the rest of his wine with an audible gulp and joined them. The air in the room was suddenly cold and hot at once, the candles making the bed seem to float in the middle of the room. Acutely aware of every muscle in Dylan's hand, the way the hair at the top of his chest peeked out from the V of his shirt, how Mike's tall, lean body cast a shadow in the ever-darkening room, Laura felt transported. Loved. Wanted.

Desired.

Four hands made ready work of removing her clothes as Laura closed her eyes, so vulnerable and accustomed to the two men, yet hesitant and a bit shy. Dylan eased her heathered-lilac shirt up over her head, hands sending the shirt to the ground, then cupping her full breasts with a sense of want she could feel in her core, her body tightening and opening at the same time, ready for what he so desperately seemed to want to give. Mike's fingers pulled at the zipper at her waist, letting her skirt drop to the ground. She slid her shoes off, now in her panties and bra, hating how awkward and self-conscious she felt.

It had been so long. Her fault, entirely-Mike and Dylan had asked plenty of times for more sex, though over the last month they'd backed off, probably tired of her endless rejections.

Mind looping with all these thoughts, she couldn't just relax.

Even worse, she struggled to hide that fact. Because who gets uptight and awkward around the men you've pledged to love forever? Their bond was sacred, the three connected and forged into one soul, it seemed. If Laura had been told two years ago that she would soon meet two protectors who would love her forever and unconditionally, and would give her the greatest gift ever in baby Jillian, she would have scoffed at the sheer impossibility of such a life.

Yet here she was, now, living it. With Mike's intense eyes raking over her nearly-nude form, Dylan's hands effortlessly unclasped her bra, sending shivers down her spine as he moved the lingerie across her shoulders and let it slide, useless and unwanted, to the ground.

She froze, and it wasn't from cold. Looking at Dylan, Mike frowned and reached down, one arm going under her knees, the other under her neck and then-she was in his arms.

"Put me down!" she gasped, impressed by the feel of hard muscle against the back of her knees. You would think she weighed nothing, the way he held her, as if she were a hundred pounds lighter.

"I'm about to," he murmured in her ear, eyes closed off, making her feel unsettled. What was this? Depositing her on the bed, Mike nodded to Dylan, who appeared at the headboard with a small box, the size of a laptop computer.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

And then silk scarves appeared, the same color as the netting that surrounded her now that she was on top of the down comforter. The feel of the feather bed beneath her nude skin was like being reborn, the comfort and sensuality a balm that cut through her trepidation.

"What's this?"

"You tell us," Mike said, sitting on the bed next to her. A chill poured over her exposed skin, knees bent and thighs pulled up against her waist. One nipple stretched, lazy and languid, toward the bed spread, her body on display for her fully-clothed and-she now saw-very determined men.

"Tell you...what?" she asked, sitting up, pulling her knees to her chest. This felt wrong. Different. Not what she'd expected.

Dylan fingered a silver silk scarf, pulling it between his fingers, the action so powerful and suggestive she found herself licking her lips for no conscious reason. "Shall I be Gideon?" he asked, looking at Mike.

"Sure. And I can be Cooper."

Fuck.

They knew.

"Been reading my eReader?" she squeaked, taking a stab in the dark.

Dylan snapped the silk like a cord, making not so much a sound, but a gesture that left her confused. He didn't answer her question, but instead asked one of his own, dark hair mussed, mahogany eyes bold and in control. "Do you want a contract?"

"Contract?" Laura repeated, brain on fire.

"And a safeword?" Mike crooned.

"A what-?"

"Because Laura," Mike said, interrupting, his own hands now filled with a different silk scarf, this one bright, China red, "we're the ones who should be your book boyfriends."

"And only us," Dylan growled.

Book boyfriend? How did they know that term? How did they know what she'd been reading? Did they read her eReader and find all those erotic romances on it? Gideon? That meant they'd read Sylvia Day's BDSM books. Cooper? The extraordinary Dom? Oh, God-they'd found Their Virgin Princess-and oh, holy mother of-what was Mike pulling out of that box?

Was that a vibrating butt plug and a bottle of lube?

Uhhhh. Her mind went blank. Completely, hopelessly empty.

Both men now sat on opposite sides of her, twenty throw pillows in various hues of cream piled around them, the netting thrown back so that they lived in a little bubble. A tense, sexually-charged bubble of her own making.

"So, I can draw up a contract if you'd like," Dylan said.

"Why would I want-"

"Because, Laura." Mike cut in, his face serious. "You're getting every fantasy tonight. Right now. Here. You get to have ultimate control by handing over every shred of it to us."

Every cell in her body turned from hot to cold, her skin like a live wire.

"I don't-they're just books," she laughed, her voice tinny and utterly unconvincing. The promise of what they were offering was readable on their faces, both men hard and ready to play out what she'd only read. What they, too, had read. It made her wet to think about it, and she squirmed, trying not to be obvious. "Just something to read while I'm bored," she choked out.

"We won't make this boring," Dylan whispered in her ear, making her jolt. They were serious. This was real. What they offered her was...

Impossible.

Neither of them had shown the slightest inkling of interest in BDSM in the bedroom before. Why now? What was this?

"I, I'm sure you won't," she stumbled, face bright red with a flush of embarrassment and incredulity, breasts smashed against her knees, her panties her only clothing, "but we don't need this to be intimate," she said, her voice trailing into a hush as she gestured toward the box by Mike's hand.

"We don't need it," Mike agreed. "But you want it."

"I never said that!"

"You didn't have to."

An excited rush of embarrassment filled her. Telling her deepest desires to Mike and Dylan should be part of their relationship, right? If you can't share that central part of yourself with the person(s) you choose to spend the rest of your life with, then who can you share it with? Inhibition was normal; being mildly shy and a bit hesitant made sense, because sexual fantasy was a funny thing. Dreams and wishes didn't have to make sense. They were hers. And if they asked too much of her guys, or seemed silly or self-indulgent or-her greatest fear-were something they found unappealing, then the risk of asking and being rejected was too much.

Letting the mind wander to places where you lost all control, where a man wanted to dominate your body and completely pull your sexual strings muscle by muscle, gasp by gasp, was a kind of world that she should be able to access with a single request to her men.

So why was it so hard to look Mike in the eye right now? Or to even glance at Dylan? They offered her a willingness to give her some wonderful sex play that she'd been too...something...to request.

And now...they'd read her mind.

Or, at least, her eReader.

"Laura," Dylan said gently. "We love you. We want you. We desire you. Tonight isn't just about the sex. It's about being intimate and feeling whole with you." He took her chin in his hand and tipped her eyes up to meet his, pupils dilated and so full of heat she felt her skin tingle. "When I touch you, the connection makes me feel like a better Dylan. Stronger, more real. And when the three of us are together, we go places none of us can go as individuals."

"Let us make love to you the way you want to be loved," Mike added, stroking her back.

Bzzzz. The sound of a phone interrupted before Laura could answer. Her phone. The phone! Jillian! Something was wrong with the baby. Laura's sexual self died in half a second as Mommy Brain kicked in.

"Where's my phone?" she shrieked, the moment ruined as Mike and Dylan deflated, Dylan's disappointment registering in her mind briefly, while Mike appeared to be angry. She couldn't think about them; something might be wrong at home. Heart racing, her chest suddenly chilled with a flush of sweat, she fumbled for her discarded skirt, dropped the phone, picked it back up and answered, running for the sanctuary of the bathroom.

"What's wrong? What's wrong?" she shouted into the phone.

"Shhhhhh!" Josie hushed quietly. "You'll wake Jillian. She's right here and sound asleep."

"THEN WHY ARE YOU CALLING? WHAT HAPPENED?" Laura bellowed.

"Did I interrupt you guys?" Josie said, the sly tone in her voice making Laura want to rip her ears off and wear them on a chain around her neck.

"Why are you calling?" Laura snapped. "And no, you didn't interrupt anything," she lied. "We've only been here for what? Half an hour?"

"Shit," Josie said, "it sounds like things aren't going well there."

And with that, Laura burst into tears, sat on the toilet lid, and realized she was wearing nothing but panties.

"Aren't going well is...oh, hell, I don't know," Laura whispered through a sob.

"Oh, honey," Josie said, her voice so comforting it made Laura cry harder. "Are you guys having a hard time?"

"You told them to read my eReader?" Laura asked quietly, wiping her tears with a piece of lavender-scented tissue from the box built into the log-cabin wall.

"I...shit." Josie blew out a long sigh that gave Laura a chance to blow her own nose. "Yes, I'll own that. I did."

"Why?"

"Because Mike and Dylan told me and Alex you have only had sex twice in six months."

The hand holding the piece of tissue curled into a tight fist. "They WHAT?" she hissed. The distinct sound of a champagne cork popped in the distance, and Laura heard Dylan's muffled voice say something with urgency.

"And they said the only thing you seemed interested in were your books, so..." Josie's voice faded. A sharp inhale came through the phone. "I never realized how good a baby's head can smell," Josie said, as if naming an embarrassed confession.

Snorting, laughing, and fuming all at once, Laura felt like a vortex of too many emotions crammed into one body. What a mess. Her two amazing men were out in the living room of this gorgeous cabin, getting champagne ready, with hundreds of candles lit and an assortment of pleasure-driven sex toys purchased based on her deepest desires, and here she sat sniffling into the phone and berating her best friend, who was watching her precious baby.

Could she be any more screwed up?

"She's really OK? No problems?" Please say yes.

"Laura," Josie ventured, "don't ever tell Alex I said this, but I think I like this whole baby thing. Jillian is adorable and even when she cries-"

"She cried? Why?"

"Because she's a baby." Josie snorted. "But don't worry Alex just stripped his shirt off and latched her on."

"Ha ha." Even that cut through Laura's malaise.

"I swear the man would lactate if he could," Josie joked.

"You like the whole domestic thing?" Laura wasn't surprised. She knew Josie had it in her.

"I like the baby thing more than I want Alex to know. Yet."

"OK. Shhhh. I won't spill your secrets."

"Touche. I'm sorry."

"So why did you call?" Now Laura was flushed and mussed, confused and overwhelmed.

"We couldn't remember whether you said to use the butt cream on her rash or to just let it air out."

"You called me for that?" Laura said through gritted teeth.

"The way you gave us instructions made it seem like we'd have nuclear bombs shoved up our asses and your foot would trigger the explosion if we didn't do exactly what you said," Josie replied in a sing-songy voice.

"Is Jillian awake?"

"No. But your angry voice made her stir."

"Air first. Butt cream second."

"M'kay."

Silence. But Josie didn't hang up.

"Anything else?"

"Yes." Pause. A quiet, softer side of Josie came out in her words. "Laura, what are you doing to those guys? But most of all, to yourself, honey?" Josie didn't use words like "honey." That was the second time in one conversation. Either her niece, Darla, was rubbing off on her or Laura was in worse shape than she ever possibly realized.

More tears. "You're the one who called," she sniffed.

"And you're-what? Sitting in the bathroom talking to me?"

"How could you tell?"

"The echo."

Laura looked around the bathroom and laughed. "I don't know what I'm doing, Josie. It's not that I don't want Mike and Dylan. It's just that-" she choked on her next words, but forced them out anyhow-"what if they don't want me?"

"Why wouldn't they?" Josie whispered. "According to both of them, they're slobbering all over themselves to get you in bed, but you're not interested."

Gah. Even more tears. "Because..." Her mind rushed with excuses and reasons why she wasn't interested, and then-like a wrist flicking away a gnat-she shooed her own flimsy rationalizations away. "Because I don't know. Because I don't feel desirable."

"Maybe you should just fake it."

"Fake it?" Fake what? An orgasm? No need to do that-they were plentiful when the mood struck and she was really into sex.

"Make it 'til you fake it. Wait. No-got that backwards," Josie chuckled. "Basically, be willing to start having sex and see whether your interest catches up."

"You mean pretend I want something I don't?" Laura could hear her own voice go flat.

"I mean be willing. Show up for your own sex life. The guys are there with a fucking 20-foot billboard that says "Make Love to Us" and hard-ons the size of tree trunks, all pointed at you! Be willing to touch them and let them touch you, Laura. Just start with that. Don't overthink it."

Don't overthink it. "Easy for you to say."

"No, it's not."

"You have the libido of a seventeen year old boy."

Josie didn't argue. "I had to get over myself, though, to let Alex love me and to love him back," Josie reminded her.

"You think I'm the same way with sex? Because I am so not as fucked up in my sex life as you are in your emotional life."

"Nothing has to be 'fair and balanced,' here," Josie huffed. "This isn't Fox News."

They both laughed. "Now get off the phone and go get into a mess of six arms and legs and tongues-"

"Six tongues?"

"You know what I meant. Go get dirty, Laura. Have raunchy, awesome, mind-blowing sex with the fathers of your baby. Enjoy yourself. Alex and I have Jillian and we sure as hell won't be having any sex tonight, so go be the ones getting some for once." Click. Josie ended the call, leaving Laura no choice. Only a best friend could do that.

Leave you to your own devices at the exact moment when you just want to be an ostrich and pretend you don't need to deal with real life.

Laura loved her and hated her for it.

"Laura?" Mike called out from the living room.

Josie was right. It was time to show up. Catching a glimpse of herself in the full-length mirror on the back of the door, she gasped-and then stopped. The mental torture dissipated. This was silly.

And the whole mascara-raccoon look really didn't do it for her. Giggling (and enjoying the sound from her), she wiped her eyes, splashed some cold water on her face, and used the magic of the lavender-infused tissues to clean herself up. A deep, shaky breath or two and she opened the door, walking toward the bed, and looked up to find:

Dylan and Mike, completely naked, stretched out on the bed. Mike dangled a pair of handcuffs from one finger, while Dylan held a large champagne flute in his hand, stretched out for her to take.

"Subtle," she said, taking the drink. She downed it in one huge gulp.

"That's Taittinger-" Mike protested as Dylan interrupted him with a dark look.

Laura couldn't stop herself from laughing at the scene. Mike's long, tan, taut legs didn't even come to the end of the enormous bed, his erection standing proud, making Laura feel a prickly heat flow through her as her eyes took him in greedily. As if that weren't enough, Dylan lounged on the bed like a model in the middle of a shoot, one knee up, the other stretched out, his own massive cock at attention, as if it were the focal piece for a photograph.

In her mind, it was.

And between them, a space just right for her. Instead of climbing into the bed and over one of the guys, she started from the base and crawled up, her eyes shifting from one man to the other, their bodies and coloring so starkly different yet blazingly rich. Tall, blonde Mike and thick, muscled Dylan, with his swarthy complexion and riveting eyes. Both made her smolder, and both made her see that all her fears were baseless, her insecurities an old relic left over from a time when she hadn't felt loved enough.

No need for those thoughts any more.

Dylan's warm palm slipped under her panties, cupping her ass, and then Mike's nimble fingers made quick work of the wisp of cotton and silken cloth, leaving the three of them completely nude on the huge bed, the room hushed and warm, the candles lending an eerie, contemplative glow as Laura relaxed-really relaxed-for the first time in ages.

"What do you have planned for me?" she asked Mike, eyes flitting from him to the handcuffs he held over her as Dylan teased one nipple, the shock making her shiver.

A crooked half-smile teased his lips, making her wet and, suddenly, very wanting. "We had more than enough planned for you, but we thought we would have to pry whatever's wrong out of you." He gently set the handcuffs down on the end table, twisting his torso in that maddening way that made muscles pop out from his waistline, the effect artistic and graceful and hot.

"Pry?" Now Dylan peppered her shoulders with tiny kisses that made it hard to think. Ah, that wet, warm mouth. What he could do elsewhere...

"We know you've been so quiet, honey," Mike said, cupping her chin, as Dylan's kisses continued. "We just want you to be happy. We both feel so complete when we're with you. You light us on fire. We want to do the same for you."

She swallowed, hard, as Dylan stopped the butterfly touch and curled around her, legs pulled up, glorious cock ready for its own set of kisses-from her.

"This is when I feel most connected to the entire world, Laura. Right here. Right now. With you," Dylan added, brushing the hair off her face with little touches of love.

What should have happened next didn't. Laura expected to cry, to make a bunch of excuses, to apologize, to cringe-to deflect. But it didn't happen.

"I could sit here," she said, fingers lightly stroking Mike's shaft as he gasped, jaw tightening, struggling to listen to her, "and tell you all about why I've been so miserable." In fairness, she took her other hand as she stretched out on her back, and gave Dylan a set of finger strokes that made him inhale sharply. "Right now, though, I don't want to do that. I don't want to tie myself in knots trying to unravel the past six months and ruin what we have right here, right now."

"So," she said, letting go of Mike and turning to Dylan, the press of her lips against the tight, warm skin of his pecs so luxurious and so sensual she wished she could do it-and nothing but-forever, "let's read and talk later. We have six months of catching up to do."

Strong hands pinned her to the bed with such speed she couldn't think, her wrists pressed deeply into the mattress. "Six months, huh?" Mike asked, now looming over her, body folded on his knees, the thick thigh muscles bulging along with another very bulging muscle that glistened with need. "Which fantasy is your favorite, Laura? Because Dylan went shopping and we can do anything you want right now."

Whatever control she thought she had over both of them with her taunting touches dissipated in seconds. Holy shit. They were serious. A deep, shaking sense of profound joy filled her.

"If you're the one who is dominating, you're the one who calls all the shots," she rasped.

"No. Wrong," Dylan said, his voice hoarse with desire. "You decide everything. We have only one thing we control."

"What's that?"

"Your orgasm."

She groaned involuntarily, already squirming with a white-hot need that she'd assumed could be quelled with a mouth or a cock within a few minutes. They were going to draw this out amidst the splendor of the room, the greatest gift before them handed to the three by their friends: time. Oh, the grand joyful prospect of an entire night stretched out in infinite glory for nothing but this-pleasure and sensual pain and whatever these men did to her as the three of them explored uncharted territory in bed.

Her clit swelled with a craving to be touched and nibbled and licked and loved, the emotion so buried and unfamiliar it claimed her in full. This is what it felt like, to be in a state of wanting all the time. She'd hardly recognized it, having repressed it for so long, and yet here it was, laid bare just as she was, her eyes being covered by that red, silk scarf Mike had just played with minutes ago in his hands.

"You need to pick a safeword," Dylan whispered.

"Safeword?"

"It's something you say to stop us if-"

The giggle bubbled up inside her as someone-Mike?-adjusted the scarf. Unable to see them, her senses sharpened as she worked to know where they were in space. Dylan's voice sounded like brandy.

"I know what a safeword is. Do we really need one? You guys aren't going to-"

Bzzzzz. Except that wasn't her phone. What was that? It sounded loud.

And big. She felt the covers shift slightly, and then the bed began to vibrate a bit. Good hell.

"OK, OK, a safeword," she gasped. How big was that vibrator? Racing through the set of books she had on her eReader, she wondered which sex scenes the guys had read. The possibilities were endless. Stifling a moan of ecstasy at the thought of reliving some of what she'd read, she tried to gather herself.

"Um, Madge is my safeword."

"Madge?" She almost laughed at the incredulity in Dylan's voice.

"Yes, Madge."

"That will halt everything permanently," he mumbled. "And-yep. There went my erection. Good choice."

Mike's laugh erupted to her right as someone-she guessed him-turned the buzzing off.

"I can take care of that for you," she murmured, fumbling with her hand for him. He was just there a moment ago, and now that he wasn't talking, she could only go by touch and sound. The shuffle of skin on cloth as someone moved beside her tickled her ears; the muffled sound of lit candle wicks flickering as air moved, and the rasp of muscle against the sheets again all filled her with anticipation. Without vision she was acutely and frustratingly tensed for whatever came next.

Hopefully, it would be her.

Strong hands slid up her calves, to her thighs, and then a gentle push apart as her breath flowed in with an increased rush at the end, clit ready for the expected sensation of a finger, a mouth, of attention lovingly delivered the way she most wanted and needed it.

The warmth of a body-Mike's, she could tell, from the way his leg brushed against her knee, the pattern of skin and hair somehow ingrained in her, her mind marveling that she could know that, blindfolded-was between her now and a heated ache spread from her belly on down, body awakening. To her surprise, Dylan's lips were at her ear, teeth nipping her lobe, and he whispered, "I want your mouth."

Biting her lower lip, her core swollen with need, this was almost too much. "Of course," she said, and as her eyes rolled and she felt her body relax, layer by layer, at the same time the feel of Dylan as he moved to put his erection close to her face made a keen wave of pulses pour through her, nearly pushing her to climax by the mere thought, the hint, of what was next.

Wet, eager, and wanting, she was hardly the same woman from thirty minutes ago. And she loved it that way as the tip of Dylan's taut cock touched her mouth. Fumbling, unable to see, she pulled one hand to his shaft, but a strong palm wrapped around her wrist and stopped her.

"Tsk, tsk, tsk. Dylan, we forgot to tie her wrists," Mike said, his body catlike and stretched out, half on her and off, the massive heat from his body now covering two thirds of her as he'd stretched up from between her legs to grab her.

"Guys, you don't have to do this," she said in a sheepish tone. "It's not like I need thi-"

"You have a safeword," Mike hissed, her wrist encased in a soft coating around something metal. Click. Her shoulder adjusted, then Mike did the second arm. She was spread out on the bed and felt somewhat silly and yet more turned on than she'd ever been in her life. "Feel free to use it whenever you need. But until then, Laura, your pleasure is completely in our hands."

A wall of pure lust pounded through her veins as Mike's words sank in. Dylan's hot, pulsing cock came to her mouth at the same split second Mike's warm lips descended on her clit, the twinned tactile treasures shoving her out of her own head and back into her body, where all that mattered was her lips wrapped around Dylan's erection, the push of Mike's fingers on her wet folds, the heat of all three bodies working in concert with no interruptions, no plans, and nothing to do but this.

Hips bucking up, she found her orgasm standing ripe and ready, the tease of Mike's little laps bringing her there as she tightened, his finger sliding inside to find a wall of muscle searching for some welcome visitor to embrace.

And then...he stopped.

Dylan's gentle gliding in and out of her mouth, balanced above her chest, slowed down as she moaned from frustration, wanting more of what Mike had to offer. He wasn't kidding-he was going to draw this out and bring her to the edge, then pull back, over and over until she begged.

Maybe if she pleaded now he'd relent? It had been so, so long. Too long.

"Please," she mumbled, hips straining up.

Bzzzzz.

Oh, dear.

Warm liquid poured from a single drop that fell with exquisite perfection on the tip of her engorged clit, and then a river of lube poured down her folds, the feeling so lush she rolled her pelvis up to capture more. Everything felt more right now, without her hands or eyes, and she wondered what the buzzing and the lube meant.

The push of something hard sliding in the lube around her ass made her core tighten, kegels excited and pulsing. The three of them had never been shy in using Laura's extensive sex toy collection in bed, but whatever Mike had at her spread-out ass was big.

She pushed against it, body eager on a level that her mind hadn't quite caught up to.

"Good," Mike said, his voice thick with emotion. "You want it."

Who was this? Mike could certainly take charge in the bedroom but he seemed to...revel in exerting so much sensual control over her. Dylan wasn't exactly a wallflower, either, his hands buried in her hair, fingers lovingly massaging her scalp as he gently rode her mouth. His legs tightened and she knew that it was her body, her lips, her tongue, and the essence of her that brought him to this kind of free hedonism, the easy, open sensuality that they shared right now. It made what Mike was doing to her all the more intense as he edged whatever vibrating device he used toward her puckered hole, sending her pussy walls into spasms that weren't quite orgasms.

Unfortunately.

And then the live wire of her entire body coalesced into one pinpointed strand of pure presence and enjoyment as he breached her tight ring of muscle and-

Aahhhhhh. The feeling of fullness was so powerful that she faded to a white cloud in her mind, existing as nothing more than pure touch. A ball of nerves, a set of lungs that panted, and an ass and pussy that throbbed with short bursts of pounding blood and roaring cravings. Dylan's slow, shallow thrusts gave her tongue an opportunity to find the ring of his mushroom cap and to give it the languid, centered attention it deserved until suddenly he was gone, her hands itching to touch him, body one long bundle of need to give.

Receiving so much pleasure was hard. Harder than she'd ever imagined, and as Mike slowly inserted the vibrating device past her point of comfort she found a thick wall of soft pain heightened everything, making the pleasure achingly better. Ears perked, she could hear birds outside, the rustle of vibrant late-fall leaves floating to the forest ground, the wind whistling against tall pines.

Just as she began to undulate in waves, her hips moving in a perfect sine curve, Mike slid the device out of her, leaving an emptiness she couldn't bear.

"No! Please!" she cried out, her words silenced by the voracious press of Mike's mouth on hers. Thickly muscled arms slid under her as deft hands released her wrists from the handcuffs. Aloft in the air, she felt her self-consciousness kick in as Mike's mouth broke away and she felt herself moving through space.

"What are you doing?"

Dylan's voice whispered in her ear. "You up for some swinging?"

A cold terror shot through her. Swinging? "Swinging?" she gulped.

Mike laughed to her left. "Not that kind."

Her belly rolled in on itself and her breasts pressed against Mike's perfect chest while Dylan held her and Mike moved her feet into some sort of odd, suspended strap in what seemed like midair. It was as if all the extra flesh on both her men had been conferred unto her and she felt it again, that familiar, slightly-sickening diminution of what should have been a near-holy moment.

Dylan tensed and stopped. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing," she said airily, trying to recapture the mood.

"Time to pry." Mike's words came out as if he'd expected to say them all along.

Blinking under the silken cloth of her blindfold, Laura was at a crossroads. She could tamp down her feelings and pretend they weren't there, which was her default mode these days. Or, she could do what she'd always wanted to do in her heart-in her soul-and extend the benevolent, sensual wholeness that Mike and Dylan had brought into her life and trust that it would be there when she opened her mouth.

Slipping her right arm into some sort of leather belt thing, and then her left, she felt Dylan release her and she faltered, her core muscles struggling to find balance where, it seemed, there really was none.

Hands reached behind her neck and untied the scarf, revealing her lovers, still naked, now face-to-face with her as she found herself suspended in front of them, her full body on open display, legs split apart by the laws of physics and the designer who made what she now realized was a sex swing, attached to a special anchor in the ceiling near the fireplace.

"Eco-cabin?" she said, arching one eyebrow.

Mike had the decency to look a bit sheepish. "A perk of being a billionaire. I can build my own sex den." As the words "sex den" poured out of his mouth he went from sheepish to wolfish, the transformation so erotic and entrancing.

One of the guys had lit a romantic fire, and the glow of the flames mingled with the hundreds of candles as Laura gawked in disbelief at how this night had unfolded. Her little red nub thrummed like a lighthouse beacon, screaming for attention but it was the only part of her that seemed to maintain any sense of what she really wanted.

"A swing? Seriously, guys? I'm going to rip the roof off if you don't get me out of this," she joked. Her hands reached for her belly, eyes focused on staring anywhere but down.

"And there it is, Dylan," Mike whispered. Reaching for her, he splayed his palm over the curves of her breasts, her belly, her ass, making Laura inhale a slow, deep breath that came out shakier than she'd intended.

"Look at her, Dylan." Both men raked their eyes over her now as she was completely naked, vulnerable and left with nowhere to hide. Oh, God. It was like that high school nightmare where you go to school wearing only your socks, except right now? She wasn't even wearing those.

What the hell was wrong with her? These were her guys.

"I'm looking. She's even hotter than the day we met for the first time." Like Mike, he reached for her and began caressing her, hand tracing the swell of her hip, the curves of her waist and ribcage, the smooth flow of palm across her torso like warm honey. Melting into it was not what she thought she would do. The involuntary reaction allowed a new layer of tension to disappear, her body sinking into a little more peace, a deeper connection with these two amazing men who were looking at her like she was eye candy.

Gloriously nude Mike stood before her like a god at Asgard, his height perfectly matched to her position in the sex swing. He grasped her shoulders and looked down over her nude body, eyes lingering over each inch, the rock-hard need in his cock-and moreso in his expression-making her tighten and release with a rhythm within her own core that connected with a deeper tone in the universe, as if she were becoming less defined, more integrated, and more a part of something so much larger and more primal than herself.

"You," he said in a hoarse tone, "have always been perfect." His torso pressed against her open legs, the shaft of his cock aligning perfectly with her wet lips, swollen slit so sensitive she jolted. "You will always be perfect, and your lush body is exactly what I want."

"We," Dylan interrupted, suddenly behind her, his own rigid manhood pushing against the cleft of her ass.

"We," Mike whispered. His eyes were magnetic in the candlelight, golden skin made luminous as he consumed her completely, her skin alight with the feel of Dylan behind her, warm and eager, with Mike at the helm. Being enveloped by their bare skin on both sides was an all-too-familiar reminder of the importance of we in this moment, of the blending of three souls, hearts-

And bodies.

"This," Dylan whispered, moving his hand from the side of her breast down to her belly, "is the most amazing body in all creation. You were sensual and sexy as fuck long before you had the baby, but knowing you built an entire baby, and that you nurture that baby from here"-he touched her breasts-"is the sexiest damn thing I can imagine, and all you do, honey, is make me want you more and more with each day that we spend together."

He was a thick wall of hot muscle behind her, her shoulder blades pushing against his pecs as his arms wrapped around her and roamed over her breasts and belly, joy and wanting obvious in the way he relished each line, every bend and turn of her skin. "Not being able to have you ride me every single day is torture," he added in a murmur that made her shiver. "We want you, Laura. The whole you. Every damn day. And we need to show you that and love you enough that you believe it."

"I do!" she cried out as Mike nuzzled her neck. "Of course I believe it!" God, it had been so long since she'd had this much flesh on her, surrounding her, wrapping her in complete abandon. The swing made her feel naughty, like a wilder Laura she wanted to explore. Whatever else Mike and Dylan had in that magic box of devices, she'd love to find out-but later.

Right now she wanted to make love to Mike and Dylan and let loose. It was high time, and the old Laura, the woman she had been before the baby, came roaring back, fast and hard.

And really in need of a good fuck.

Arching her back, she let go of all her inhibitions and lifted her pelvis as high as she could, leaning back against Dylan for leverage. His chin brushed against her neck and she swore she could feel his smile. His cock-that she most definitely felt, nudging against her ass. Would they be up for a quickie after all that build-up? Was it fair to ask them to-

"Ready?" Mike asked, hands cupping her face, his lips coming in for a kiss.

"For what?" she asked, starting to tremble.

"Me." Centering his thick pole in front of her wetness, he slowly entered her as Dylan held her in the swing, then began to rock her forward and back, inch by inch.

"Aren't you," she gasped, "supposed to hang this swing in front of a,"-gasp-"door?"

"I am the door," Dylan hissed, now placing his rigid cap right at the base of her tight ring. Mike filled her, the slow thrusts and the gentle rocking motion of the swing making her clit feel like it would burst if she didn't come right this very instant.

Bzzzz.

Cold metal and lube licked against her hot mons in random starburst of explosions as Mike stroked her red nub with a small, bullet-shaped silver vibrator. Gripping his shoulders, she screamed in extraordinary pleasure, imbued with the relief of knowing she could be as loud as she liked, and tightened, releasing just as Dylan slowly, steadily entered her ass, the fullness slow and sensual, the feeling unlike anything they'd shared before.

Breasts molded against Mike's bare chest, his face intense and jaw tight, the languid strokes of the vibrator brought her to a gasping mess in seconds, the push of a massive orgasm making her pussy and ass push out, then pull in, long and tight, luring Dylan's cock deeper in her, adding to the sense of an enormity within her that was now connected to everything else.

Simple touches, like the push of Dylan's flexing thighs against the bottom of her glutes, how his lightly-stubbled cheek grazed through her hair, the mingling of her breath and the feel of his gasps against her closed eyelids-all made time stand still, made love seem stronger than she'd ever imagined, blended with her sense of self and purpose as rays of pure pleasure radiated down her body, making her mind leap into the unknown and trust that what they shared would transcend all.

And then Dylan's groan and Mike's own grunt as both tightened, the thin line of skin separating them becoming something otherworldly within, like a second clit as Mike thrust a little faster into her, Dylan touching some spot in her so deep she had no words, and then Mike took the vibrator and pressed it against the thin sliver of skin and she bucked against him, kinetic force turning her into a pendulum that swung between their throbbing shafts, each plunging into her as the buzz of the metal bullet made her climax roar up and claim her.

"Harder!" she called out, Mike bowing his head down and gritting his teeth, neck muscles standing out as he stayed with her movement, Dylan behind her and rock hard, the only sound he made now a grunting keening of animalistic desire.

The wave hit all three at the same time, Laura babbling in some language she didn't know she knew, the words nonsense as the vortex of pain and pleasure and entirety slammed into her, making a burst of color appear behind her opened eyes, as if she were transported to a different dimension, secured to reality by their joined bodies.

"Ah, God!" Dylan shouted from behind, driving deep and fast into her in a way that should hurt but that instead felt like a homecoming, her muscles expanding to accommodate him, her body shocked by the ferocious need and wanton drilling-yet perfectly happy and eager for more. Mike arced his back, hips pointed in between her spread legs, the sum total of their combined movements mere inches and yet the thrusts of two cocks inside her felt like miles of friction.

"Oh, Laura," Mike rasped, his voice coming out through parted lips, eyes unfocused now as he came, the luscious slide of his rod in and out of her made slick by his orgasm. At that same moment, her abs tightened into a ball, then a long, twisting knot inside her, as if every muscle from pussy to upper back coordinated in a fluid motion, rolled in and up, body then letting go in a microburst.

Waves of pleasure poured out like huge ripples, carrying whatever remained of consciousness out in emanating circles, love driving her to come again and again, over and over, too many orgasms to count all blending into complete acceptance, complete love, complete ecstasy.

Complete abandon.

Dylan's body loosened behind her, his arms now stretched around her shoulders in embrace, and Mike leaned against her body, still in her. Without their tight control the threesome swayed, listing forward and back as Laura felt her own core muscles adjusting to the rhythmic motion.

"Sex den, huh?" she whispered in Mike's ear. He looked up, hair tousled, eyes so deeply pleased she felt like a better version of herself simply from being looked at that way.

"You like it?"

Her calf began to cramp, and a stretchy piece of leather cut into her ass. Shifting, she tried to get comfortable, but to no avail. "I do, but-"

"Let me help you," Dylan said, moving quickly. Between the two men she was soon down from her perch, under the soft covers, and the three nestled in bed, bodies aglow from the fireplace and candles.

A quick glance at the clock told Laura they'd only been here for a mere two hours. "Two hours!" she whispered to herself.

"Two hours what?" Dylan murmured into her right breast.

"We've only been here for two hours!" she marveled. Desire rushed back into her. Bring it on. Sexapalooza.

"Then we have plenty of time for more," Mike mumbled.

"More what?" Laura's body shook with the muscle memory of what they'd just done. And yet, she found herself warming to the idea of more. Already?

"More sex. But first," he yawned, Dylan copying him within seconds, "let's nap."

"Nap?" she asked, incredulous. "We get an entire night together, alone, and have mind-blowing sex and you want to nap? Why are you so tired? Jillian's been sleeping through the night."

"We were up late the past few nights," Dylan said. Yawn. "Reading your eReader."

"Jus' a lil' nap," Mike muttered and then...out.

Gaping, she turned to Dylan to find his eyes closed, too.

You have got to be kidding me. She was on fire now, one big walking bundle of turned-on nerve endings, and they wanted to sleep?

Peeling Dylan off her, she climbed out of bed and wandered to the kitchen. A cup of water and a shot of espresso later, she surveyed the scene.

Two hot, naked men? Check.

Romantic cabin? Check.

Alcohol, good food, and coffee? Check.

Baby well cared for? Check.

More time for more sex? Check.

Light snores from the bed made her chuckle, and then, out of the corner of her eye, she saw it.

The sex box. Stepping carefully across the room, quiet so as not to make a sound, she lifted it and took it to the couch.

If they could snoop on her eReader, she could snoop through their box of sex toys.

Opening the lid carefully, she couldn't believe what she saw before her. The breadth. The depth. The-why did that...thing...have six attachments? And who knew you could get a dildo carved out of that?

The footstool she'd placed the box on shifted, as if it were on gliders. How odd. She moved the sex toy box off the ottoman and placed it on the couch. This was no ordinary ottoman. Tracing the edge of the top of the fake leather, she realized there was a lid. When she lifted it off, she found-

A Sybian?

A sly look at the bed, then the "ottoman," then the bed.

Oh, guys.

You have no idea what you've unleashed.

THE END

