Chapter One

FIVE YEARS AGO...

It was just like in the movies. When you least expect it he walks into the scene and turns your world upside down.

I first met Bryan in my driveway one summer day when I was seventeen. I'd heard of him; my older brother Nate had roomed with him through most of college and into business school. But I'd never met Bryan myself. He grew up near Buffalo and went home for school breaks. Then, the summer after I'd graduated from high school, Bryan stayed with us for a few weeks to help run Mystic Landing, the gift shop my parents ran in the center of town.

My parents rarely vacationed and hardly ever took time off. My mother had spent most of my high school years recuperating from a devastating car accident that had required multiple surgeries and countless physical therapy sessions. She was finally herself again and to celebrate, my mom's sister had convinced my parents to spend a few weeks at her lake house in Maine. Nate and I would watch the store while they relaxed by cool blue waters and underneath crystal skies.

They packed up, hopped in the car and drove north, and hours later, I met the man who'd become my first love. From the moment he arrived, I was a done deal. I swung open the front door, ran to the car, and gave Nate a huge hug. Then Bryan got out of the passenger side, wearing a white tee-shirt and worn jeans, which is near about the sexiest thing a man can wear. When he slung his duffel bag on his shoulder his shirt rose up, revealing a sliver of his firm and flat stomach. I tried to look elsewhere because otherwise I'd only think about the way his blue jeans hung just so on his hips, and where the cut lines of his abdomen led to.

So I checked out his arms instead. I've always thought one of the reasons some men work so hard on their arms is because of what women think when they encounter nicely sculpted ones. You picture the man above you. You imagine running your hands up and down those arms as he moves in you.

But he wasn't just a beautiful body. He was the whole package. He had a trace of stubble on his boyish face, and the softest-looking dark brown hair I'd ever seen. His eyes drew me in, those forest green eyes with flecks of gold. Eyes you could gaze into, eyes that invited long simmering looks as they saw inside you.

Nate introduced us, and Bryan put his bag down and gave me a sturdy hug, rather than a handshake. I was wearing one of my own necklace designs, a silver chain strung with a lone heart pendant in midnight blue. His chest pressed into the pendant, and I could easily have let my thoughts run away right there.

Then he spoke to me. "I feel like I know you already. Nate says you're a huge movie fan. That when you're not making necklaces you're at the local theater. I've always said there's nothing better than skipping class for a matinee." Then the grin came, the lopsided smile I'd fall hard for.

"Matinee and popcorn. Doesn't get any better than that," I said, and I was sure the words came out all bumpy and clunky, out of sync with what I was saying silently - How did my brother have such a ridiculously good-looking best friend?

The three of us hung out that night, ordered pizza, and lounged on old plastic chairs on the deck, under the stars. I listened as they talked about school, and what was next for them both on the work front. Nate planned to look for a job in the technology industry at the end of the summer, and Bryan had scored a gig in Manhattan that started in a month. They weren't college boys anymore since they both had MBAs, but they weren't working men yet either. They were in this sort of in-between time.

I was in an in-between time too. Only I was five years younger, so I figured I should get out of the way of their guy talk.

"I better go to sleep. Since I've got the Mystic Landing morning shift and all," I said, and then went to my room and pulled on a pair of loose shorts and a gray tank top with a pink Hello Kitty across the chest. I brushed my teeth, washed my face, and walked back down the hall to my bedroom when I bumped into Bryan.

"Sorry," he said, then glanced at my tank top, and lingered with his eyes a little longer than he should. I didn't mind, but when he realized what he was doing, he looked up. "You like Hello Kitty?"

"Uh, yeah," I said, thrown off by his remark.

"That's really cute." His lips quirked up.

"Really?" I couldn't tell if he was putting me on.

He nodded. "Yeah. Definitely. Hello Kitty is totally adorable."

"Wow. Nate never told me his best friend was such a huge fan of cartoon cats."

"I'm personally a bigger fan of Bucky from the comic Get Fuzzy."

"I love that crazy Siamese."

"I defy anyone who doesn't find cats amusing to read that comic."

"That is an awesome challenge. Let's make posters and start a campaign."

"I'm so on it."

"I'll even break out my Get Fuzzy tee-shirt when we start planning a march to the capital."

"Generally speaking, I'm good with all cartoon cats, especially when cute girls wear them."

Then he walked off. That was all he said, and I was left alone in the hall, my mind buzzing, my skin tingling. I didn't fall asleep right away. I replayed our conversation. We'd hit it off, right? I wasn't imagining it. There was something in that kind of instant repartee, wasn't there? Especially when I thought of that last moment - cute girls, cute girls, cute girls.

Chapter Two

The next morning I probably spent more time in front of the mirror adjusting my hair and touching up my lip gloss than I usually did. Then I walked into town and stopped at the local cafe for my usual.

After I left, I was surprised to find Bryan waiting outside Mystic Landing. He had a cup of coffee in his hand, and the ends of his dark hair were still wet. I was near enough to breathe in that clean, freshly showered scent. "I'm a morning person too. Hope you don't mind if I share the morning shift with you. Nate'll sleep past noon anyway."

"Not at all," I said as I hunted for the keys in my purse.

He tipped his forehead to my drink. "Must have just missed you at the cafe. Coffee, too?"

I shook my head. "Caramel macchiato. Only frou-frou drinks for this girl." Then, I leaned in closer to him and dropped my voice to a faux whisper. "I even got an extra shot of caramel."

He pretended as if I'd just the most scandalous thing in the world. "So decadent."

"And you?" I asked, because I had a theory that you could tell a lot about a guy by his coffee drink. Any guy who ordered soy, chai, or more foam was going to be high-maintenance. If a fellow asked for the water to be extra hot, he was destined to be cold and emotionless because the water at any coffee shop is already scalding; if you needed it hotter, you had no feelings. When boys wanted herbal tea, I'd run the other way because that meant they'd be far too interested in yoga, new-age crystals and feng-shui'ing my life. I had no problem with those things, but their collective by-product was often not enough showering, and I was a big fan of the just-showered look and smell.

Then there was the man who ordered just coffee. Simple, straightforward, knows what he wants.

Bryan tapped the top of the plastic lid on his cup. "Coffee. Just coffee, nothing more. I like my coffee the way -"

I held up a hand. "I don't want to hear one of those customary guy jokes. I like my coffee the way I like my women - hot, strong, with cream."

He narrowed his eyes at me. "I wasn't going to say that."

"Oh. Sorry. How do you like your coffee then?" I turned away and slid the key into the lock.

He lowered his voice, and spoke in a dark and smoky kind of whisper. "The way they drink it in Paris. Black."

It was a good thing my back was to him. Because something about the way he said Paris sent shivers up my spine. It was as if his voice was caressing my back. "Have you been?" I asked, because it had been my dream to go to Paris. To wander in and out of boutiques and shops and see all the necklaces and bracelets and jewelry. To be inspired by the designs.

To fall in love, by the river, under the lamplight.

"Only once. But the company I'm starting to work for has offices there, so I'm hoping go back," he said. As I opened the door, I thought: take me with you, take me with you, take me with you.

We worked the morning shift together that first day, and we clicked with the customers. He'd chat up a pair of vacationing sisters about a coffee table picture book, then hand off to me, and then I'd do the same with a couple considering a serving plate. We had a sort of instant rhythm and sense of how to make a store like this work.

"We're like a tag team," he said after I rang up another sale, and I smiled in agreement.

Nate arrived in the early afternoon to take over. As I grabbed my purse from behind the counter, Bryan placed a hand on my arm. "Matinee and popcorn?"

My stomach flipped. I nodded a yes, mumbled a goodbye to my brother, and left the store with his best friend. We walked the few blocks to the six-screen cinema, picked a Will Ferrell comedy, and opted to share a medium popcorn. We went the next day to see a thriller, then the next for a sci-fi picture, and after that we saw a silly film with talking animals in it, laughing the whole time. When the movie ended, I told him it reminded me of a film I'd seen a few years back with my mom, then proceeded to rattle off how it compared to every other talking animal flick, as if I were a too-serious film critic opining needlessly. "But the pig in Babe did set the standard for linguistically-capable animals on screen."

"You've pretty much seen every movie, haven't you?" he asked.

"I wouldn't say every movie."

"But most?"

I shrugged. "I see a lot of movies."

"Why? I mean, besides the obvious. That movies are fun."

"Isn't that a good enough reason? Just for entertainment?"

"Totally. So that's the reason?"

"Sure," I said, but I was smiling the kind of smile that said there was more to it.

"All right, Kat Harper. What's the story?" He motioned with his hand for me to spill the beans. "Tell me where your love of movies comes from."

"I think it's because of what movies have always meant to my family. All these big events in my life were marked by movies. When Nate was in eighth grade and won the election for class president, we all went to see the re-release of Raiders of the Lost Ark, because it was this great action adventure, and I gripped the armrest when Harrison Ford raced against the boulder. The time I was picked to design the cover of the junior high yearbook we went to see Ocean's Eleven. That's just how we celebrated things. I even remember when my grandmother died. We went to the memorial service. I was twelve and I read a poem at the service, and then we decided that we should see Elf. Which probably sounds like a weird thing to do after a funeral."

Bryan listened intently. "No, it doesn't. Not at all."

"It was really the perfect movie to see, because I think we all just needed to not be sad every second, you know?"

"It actually makes perfect sense," he said. I looked at him and the honesty in his face and his eyes. He understood. He got it. He got me. I kept going.

"But I guess it all started with my mom. She's a huge romantic comedy fan, so she started showing me all the great ones. Sleepless in Seattle. Love, Actually. Notting Hill. You've Got Mail."

"And do you still love romantic comedies?"

"I make jewelry. I drink caramel machiattos. I wear Hello Kitty to bed. Of course I love romantic comedies," I said with a smile as we neared my house. But I didn't just love them. I wanted to live within them. I wanted a love like in the movies.

Bryan cleared his throat. "I think there's a romantic-comedy we haven't seen at the theater. Do you want to go again tomorrow?"

"Yes," I said, and I'm sure it came out all breathy sounding.

We saw the movie the next day, and it was the kind where you long for the hero and heroine to kiss, and when they do, near the final frame, you feel this tingling in your body, and you want to be kissed too. I stole a glance at Bryan only to find he was stealing a glance at me.

"Hi," he whispered in that voice he'd used when he talked about Paris.

"Hi."

He reached a hand towards me, slowly, his eyes on me the whole time, as if he were asking if it was okay. I nodded a yes. He ran his fingers through my dark brown hair, then his mouth met mine, and we kissed until the credits rolled, slow and sweet kisses. His lips were the softest I'd ever felt, and his kisses were of the epic kind, the kind that made you believe that movie kisses weren't just for actors or for stories, that they could be for you, and they could go on and on, like a slow and sexy love song that melted you from the inside out.

When he pulled away, he leaned his forehead against mine. "Kat, I've wanted to do that since I first met you in the driveway the other day."

"You have?"

"Yes. You were so pretty, and then you were everything else."

My heart skipped ten thousand beats. He was a movie kiss, he was the name above the title. He was the one you wanted the heroine to wind up with so badly that your heart ached for her when they weren't together, then soared when they finally were.

"I think you're pretty cool too," I said.

"But we probably shouldn't tell Nate. You know, since I'm his buddy and you're his little sister. Not to mention the age thing."

"Yeah, you're right."

So it was our summer secret.

Chapter Three

Any girl who says she doesn't keep a list of best kisses ever is lying. She may not have a pen-and-paper list, but she knows in her head who rocked her world and made her more than weak in the knees. Bryan was my butterflies-in-the-belly, my soft-and-hungry-and-neverending kisses. He was all the kisses I'd ever want. Because he was kind, and he was witty, and he always wanted to know more about me, and maybe that's why he kissed like a dream - he was my dream guy.

One summer night Bryan and I went to the water and stretched out on a blanket as the waves rolled in. As I ran my hands over his chest and his stomach, he made this noise, like a low growl and a sigh all in one, and I wanted to pull his perfect body to mine and move against him.

"We can't do more than kiss," he said as my fingers explored the underside of his tee-shirt while the midnight waves rolled along the beach, then back out to the ocean.

"Why?"

"Because. Because I'm your brother's friend. Because I'm older than you."

"You're only five years older," I pointed out.

"I know. But you're seventeen."

"So? I'm old enough to know what I want."

"I know, and I want it too. But it's wrong."

"Would it be wrong then when I'm eighteen?"

I looped my hands around his back and wriggled my hips closer. From the feel of him against me, I doubted it would be wrong. I was sure it would only be right.

"Kat."

"Would it be wrong when I'm eighteen?" I repeated, bringing my lips to his, and running my fingers across his smooth, strong back. He shuddered under my touch, and I felt powerful. I felt wanted. I felt like the girl who was becoming irresistible to the boy.

"No."

"So then..." I let my voice trail off. He was leaving for New York in a week to start his job. I was starting school a month later. Nervous hope clanged inside me. "I'm going to be in New York soon too. I'm going to NYU."

"I know, and you're going to love it. But my job is going to take me out of town a lot," he said, and my heart sank. I wanted to be more than his summer love. Summer romances, by definition, are bittersweet. They have an expiration date. "Don't be sad, Kat. I'm totally falling for you, and I don't want to take advantage of you. I like you that much."

That made me smile and feel better about the possibility of an us, even though it seemed like grasping at the edge of a cloud.

A few days later, we were at the movies again, and I kept thinking about what he'd said about falling for me. I was falling for him too, and then some. Age difference or not, brother's best friend or not, I wanted him to know. I wanted to put it out there, obstacles be damned. After the credits rolled, and the lights came up, and we were the only ones still in the theater except for an usher cleaning the front rows, I looked in his green eyes, took a breath, and said, "I'm falling for you too."

He smiled, the kind that only spelled happiness, and pressed his forehead to mine. "Kat, will you come visit me in New York next month?"

I was a pinwheel of colors. I was the winner at the carnival. The boy I wanted wanted me. "Of course."

And so we made plans. I'd take the train in on weekends to visit him, and we'd do all those things young couples do in New York. Walk through the Village holding hands, kiss by the fountain at Lincoln Center, bring a picnic to Central Park and find the most secluded spot. Then, when I turned eighteen at the end of the summer, we'd do more. We'd do everything. He would be my first, and there was no question I'd waited for the right guy.

We went to a restaurant in Little Italy the first weekend, and he touched my legs under the red-checked tablecloth the whole time, sending me into the most heated state. When we left, I pulled him against me and we made out in front of a closed hardware store next door, not caring who was walking past us.

Another time, we spent the afternoon in the Impressionist galleries at the Metropolitan Museum, where I showed him my favorite Monet, one of haystacks in the snow. He said he liked the way the artist crafted shadows in the sun. Then, Bryan pointed at the folds on a dress in a Renoir and mused that they seemed like diamonds. I looked at him, at the way his green eyes studied the painting, and it all seemed too good to be true - here I was with someone who was gorgeous, and funny, and who actually liked looking at art - but yet, it was true.

The next weekend he said he'd found the perfect store for me, and he brought me to a cobblestoned block in the Village and held open the door to a tiny little Japanese manga shop. I gave him a quizzical look. I wasn't into manga.

"Just go in. You'll see."

After I passed the shelves of comics, I saw the most fantastic display. A wall full of Hello Kitty jewelry - bracelets and rings and hair clips and necklaces and keychains and every adornment imaginable with the cat.

Bryan was smiling, as if he'd brought me to buried treasure. "I thought you might get a kick out of it." A nervous grin came next. "But then again, you make such amazing stuff this might all seem silly to you."

I placed my hand on his arm. "I love it. No matter what I make, I will always love Hello Kitty. It's a life-long kind of thing we have going on."

"Good. Pick anything you like."

I studied the displays, checking out a rhinestone necklace, a white and pink pendant, a silver and black chain. Then rings in all shapes and sizes. I showed him a cute, sparkly ring. "I do love this ring."

I moved over to the necklaces. Bryan shifted closer and slipped his hand onto the small of my back, touching me underneath my tee-shirt. I closed my eyes because it felt so good I wanted to purr. The slightest touch from him was intoxicating.

"One more week until your birthday," he whispered.

I leaned into him, savoring the feel of his body against me. That we were in a public place barely crossed my mind. All I could think of was him.

The girl behind the counter cleared her throat. I opened my eyes and managed to choose a sparkly number, with pink stones for the cat's ears. It was kitschy and that's what made it so adorable.

"Wait for me outside," Bryan said.

I did as instructed and a minute later, he left the store, dropped a tiny white bag into his wallet, and then fastened the chain around my neck. "It's just a little necklace, but I wanted you to have something from me. Something you liked," he said, and he sounded so sweet and nervous too.

"I love it, Bryan. I totally love it."

"You do?"

"Yes."

Then, his hands were in my hair, and he kissed my neck, my earlobe, my eyelids. I sighed and swayed closer. I was floating, I was flying, I was in Manhattan with the man I'd fallen in mad, crazy love with.

"Why aren't we just in your apartment right now?" I whispered.

"Because if we are, I will not be able to resist you."

"You're not doing a good job resisting me right now."

"I know. Can you even imagine what it'll be like if it's just you and me?"

"Yes," I said softly. "I can imagine. I think about it all the time. I'm so crazy about you. I want to be with you in every way."

"Me too. Let's go walk around NYU. You're going to be there in just a few weeks." He held my hand and squeezed my fingers when he said that, his touch a visceral reminder that we'd be together then. We wandered around the campus for the next hour, and with each building, dorm and classroom that we managed to find open in August, I grew more excited about college.

"I can't believe I'm going to be here soon. It's going to be amazing." We walked along the outside of one of the dorms. "Did you love it here?"

"Yes. I loved it. College is everything they say it is."

"What do you mean?"

"That it's the time when you find yourself. When you figure out what you want. And when you have a ton of fun."

"I can't wait to start. I know I'm going to love it."

"You are," Bryan said, but there was something sad in his tone.

I looked at him. "Hey. You okay?"

"Totally."

"Because you sounded..."

"I'm fine."

But he grew quieter as we checked out the campus bookstore, and a cafe where I said I would probably do all my homework, and the library, which was speckled with students for the summer session. His mind was elsewhere, and he didn't tell me where he'd gone.

At the station on Sunday night, I thanked him again for the necklace.

"You should always wear it," he said before I caught the last train to Mystic. His voice was wistful, and when he kissed me goodbye, the moment had become melancholy. I didn't feel like a girl who was returning in a week for her eighteenth birthday. I felt like a girl being sent off with only a Hello Kitty necklace to remember him by.

When I called a few days later to confirm our weekend plans, his voice was different. Strained and distant.

"I don't think you should come in," he said.

Something didn't compute. We'd been planning this weekend for more than a month. "Why? Did something come up at work?" My shoulders started to tighten with worry.

"No. It's just...I don't think we should."

"Should what?"

There were so many ways to answer the question, but the scariest one was the one he said next.

"I don't think we should be together."

I looked at my phone briefly as if it were a radio, mistakenly tuned to a channel I could no longer understand. I brought the phone to my ear and said the only thing I could think of. The thing I was clinging to. "But I'm totally in love with you, Bryan. One hundred percent and then some. And I want to be with you."

Then I waited, and I waited, and I waited.

Words didn't come.

The silence choked me. It was as if hands were on my neck, gripping me.

How could I have misread him so badly? He'd said he was falling for me. Where else do you fall but in love?

Then he spoke, and his words were sharp glass. "I have to go."

Breaking the clasp in a single, fierce pull, I ripped off the necklace, then tossed it into the trash, stuffing it at the bottom of the can.

That was the last time I spoke to him.

Even now, five years later, those words rang through me. I could hear them, the pause before he spoke, the shape of each and every syllable. I have to go.

That's exactly what he did. He left.

