Chapter One

Five Years Ago

I'm not going to say it was love at first sight when I met her. I don't believe in that. I don't think anyone should. Because love isn't about falling for someone's looks. Though she had that. Believe me, she had that. She was beautiful in every single way, from her dark, wavy hair to her gorgeous brown eyes, to the soft curves of her body. But that's not why I fell so hard for her that summer.

She took my breath away for reasons that had nothing to do with her looks. It was the coffee, the movies, the conversations, the popcorn, the walks through the small town, the nights on the beach with the waves rolling in, the way I could hold her hand and feel as if the world had simply melted away and we were all that was left. So, there was no love-at-first-sight. That would come later, and if it happened first it would take away all the reasons that stayed with me for the next five years.

But when I stepped out of the car that fateful day and set eyes on Kat Harper, it was more like possibility at first sight.

I saw possibilities unfolding, unfurling before me, and I felt the start of something. I knew it from the way my heart thrummed against my chest, and my mind whirred with thoughts of the next two weeks at her house.

Only, it wasn't going to be just the two of us.

More like the three of us.

Kat and me. And her brother Nate.

Yeah, that was kind of the problem. You're not supposed to fall for your best friend's little sister.

But really, I had no choice.

* * *

Bruce Springsteen rattled through the stereo system of Nate's car as we turned onto the exit ramp, listening to The Boss as the sun beat down hard through the windshield. "Man, we need to enjoy these last few weeks of freedom," Nate said. He'd been my roommate throughout most of college at NYU and then during the MBA program. "The Boss would want us to."

"You act like we're in chains. We just have jobs. You know. A J-O-B. That thing you have to get when you finish business school," I joked.

"You do. I don't."

"You have one more interview. You're going to get the gig," I said since he'd been talking to a tech company and was this close to landing a coveted junior position.

"If I get another interview. And I know I'm lucky to even be in the running. But, c'mon, this is the last time we're really free," he pointed out as he slowed at the light.

"Hate to break it to you, but if you were thinking about having two weeks to party, we should have gone to Mexico or something. Not your parents' house to run their store."

Nate laughed. "Okay fine. You got me on that."

"Sounds like they could use a break though," I said, as he turned down the street.

Nate glanced at me, hands on the wheel, a serious look in his eyes. "Yeah, they definitely can. I appreciate you helping my sister and me out. My mom hasn't had any time off since the car accident," he said. His mom had endured multiple surgeries and physical therapy after a car crash two years ago, Nate had told me. She was finally doing better, and to celebrate her recovery, she and her husband were taking a few weeks off at a lake house in Maine. They ran a little gift shop in the tourist town so our role as newly minted MBA-ers was to make sure the operations at their shop, Mystic Landing, ran smoothly. "It's least I can do seeing as how they paid for college and all with that store," Nat said. "And Mystic Landing will be the bank for Kat to go to NYU too."

Nate had told me plenty about her in the years I'd known him. Well, to the degree that any guy talks about his sister - I knew she loved movies, was whip smart, and liked to make jewelry.

"She's following in our footsteps going to the same school," I said.

"You can warn her about all the professors and classes she needs to avoid."

"That's what I want to do. Spend the next two weeks telling your sister what to do and not do in college," I said dryly.

"Just keep your paws off her," he joked. "That's all I ask."

I held up my hands in surrender. "I've got no plans whatsoever to hit on your sister, but you should know the same applies to you and you need to stay away from Jess."

Nate scoffed. "Your sister is what? Fifteen? And a freshman in high school in California?"

I nodded. My parents lived in sunny Los Angeles, having moved there from the frozen tundra of Buffalo with my younger sister after I left for college. "Yup. But I'm already issuing the official sister warning," I said, and I think we were both joking, but not joking at the same time.

"From the shit my dad told me about Kat he was having to beat boys off with a stick her last year of high school," Nate said, shaking his head, maybe in frustration, maybe in some perverse sort of admiration.

I wanted to say I'm not surprised. Hell, I'd seen Kat's picture on Facebook and on his phone. But I'd never given her a second thought. But when we pulled into the driveway and cut the engine, about the only thing I could think about was her.

She flung open the door to the house, and my heart stopped in my throat.

No. Fucking. Way.

It was not okay for Nate to have a sister this beautiful.

There should be rules against this.

Sisters like her should be forbidden.

Her pictures didn't do her justice. Nothing could do her justice. She was the kind of pretty that would erase every other woman in the world.

She ran across the front lawn and launched herself at Nate, while I tried to collect myself, and reorganize my thoughts.

"I missed you, you big knucklehead," she said, wrapping him in a huge hug.

"Don't worry. You'll have plenty of time to get sick of me," he said, hugging her back. "You having a good summer before college starts?

"The best," she said, then turned to me as I popped open the passenger side door to the car.

Remember what I said about love at first sight? I'm not going back on my word. It wasn't love. But there was a moment when we locked eyes and just looked at each other. I swear I could feel time slow down in those seconds, to become nothing more than the heady possibility of two people who maybe, possibly, just might feel some kind of spark. She gave me this look, her dark brown eyes meeting mine, then trying not to look at me, and the thought that she could potentially feel some kind of attraction too nearly knocked me out. I was trying not to be too obvious about checking her out in her purple tee-shirt, jean shorts and flip flops. She had that Ivory Soap feel to her her, the kind of girl who didn't need makeup, who could wake up in the morning and look gorgeous from the second she rolled out of bed. Her eyes sparkled and she radiated happiness with a smile that could light up a room.

Or in this case, a driveway.

"Bryan, this is my sister Kat."

I set down my duffel bag and extended a hand, quickly realizing she wasn't a handshake kind of girl, so I wrapped her in a friendly hug. Nothing inappropriate, but damn did she feel good, even down to the metal of her necklace pendant that pressed into my chest. Warm and snug, she smelled like oranges and sunshine. I pulled back before my mind started drifting to tawdrier shores. "I feel like I know you already. Nate says you're a huge movie fan," I said, trying to keep the conversation on friendly topics. Topics that would remind me how I knew her - through her brother. "That when you're not making necklaces you're at the local theater. I've always said there's nothing better than skipping class for a matinee."

She flashed a smile at me. "Matinee and popcorn. Doesn't get any better than that."

"But what kind of popcorn?" I wasn't ready to let go of the moment. "Regular? Buttered or kettle corn?"

She rolled her eyes, parked her hands on her hips. "Is that some kind of trick question?"

I arched an eyebrow. She was playful. Kill me now. My kryptonite was a woman who liked to banter. "Maybe it is."

"Obviously. The answer is kettle corn."

We were only discussing popcorn. I knew that. Still, I felt like Hugh Grant in Love, Actually when he meets the woman he falls for on his first day of work, and knows, just knows, that he's a goner.

I'd be fighting a losing battle resisting her. Just like he did.

Chapter Two

She's your best friend's sister.

She's heading to college. You're out of college.

You're starting a job in three weeks.

But honestly, only one of those three reasons was truly compelling because the age difference between us was mostly insignificant. So she couldn't drink? So what? She was out of high school and on her way to university. Even the job part wasn't a real issue.

But there's just an unwritten code. You don't mess with his sister unless you're prepared to marry her.

Right?

Because if you break her heart, you're the ass who broke your buddy's sister's heart.

I tried to shake away the thought as we finished our pizza on the deck later that night, chatting about movies.

"What's your favorite movie?" She asked.

"Office Space. Hands down. Best movie ever," I said, smacking my palm on the table in emphasis. "I can watch that over and over."

"Yeah, we're going to need to talk about your TPS reports," Kat said, quoting the boss character from the film.

"That's just a straight shooter with upper management written all over him," I said, tossing her another line, and she laughed too, flashing me a smile that was damn near addictive. Her smile was like a gage on a thermometer; it made the heat rise in me.

"Okay, those are good. And that movie is a classic. But best ever? For me, it's a total toss-up between Raiders of the Lost Ark and Shakespeare in Love," she said.

I was about to ask why when Nate stood up. "I'll get us more beer," he said, then looked at Kat and wagged a finger. "But none for you."

She held up both hands and laughed. "I haven't even touched the stuff. I'll have a Diet Coke though."

"Keep it that way."

"I'm going to switch to water or something. Or if you have another Diet Coke that'd be fine," I said.

"Lightweight," Nate muttered jokingly.

"Copycat," Kat added.

"Fine, you caught me on both accounts," I said, as crickets chirped and the warm night air surrounded us. Why did it have to be a perfect summer night? Everything was colluding to make me fall for her. Like a damn conspiracy.

Once Nate was inside, I turned my focus back to Kat, trying my best to ignore how hot she looked with the moonlight playing on her face, from her pretty lips to the bare skin on her shoulders since she wore a tank top. Sister, I kept telling myself. She's his sister. I decided to focus on my own sister to keep my mind clean. "My sister Jess is into movies too. She's kind of a walking encyclopedia of Hollywood. She lives in L.A now so she can tell you pretty much anything about any celebrity."

"So she's a star watcher," Kat said, stretching her legs out on the lounge chair on the deck.

Look away. Look in her eyes, not at her legs. "She totally has stars in her eyes."

"Is she an actress?"

I shook my head. "No. She's actually an amazing scientist."

"What is she? Like a researcher?"

"She's actually only fifteen," I said, quickly explaining myself. "She just started high school. But she's super focused, and good at school." What the hell? I was sitting here babbling about my kid sister with the most beautiful girl I'd ever met? I wanted to kick myself in the forehead. "I think she already knows she wants to be a doctor."

"So you're twenty-three and she's fifteen," Kat said, talking like a detective assembling clues.

"Go ahead. Say it."

She laughed. "Okay, let's just call a spade a space. She's an oops baby right?"

"She has to be, don't you think?" I said as if it were the most scandalous thing in the world.

"Eight years is a lot. Nate and I are only five years apart."

"Does that make you an oops baby?"

"I don't know. I don't want to think about it because I'm pretty sure my parents never had sex. Parents just shouldn't do that. Have sex," she said, slowing down to punctuate that word, and it was a straight shot to my bloodstream. The way she said it, that word traveled through me, and I sure as hell wasn't thinking about parents doing it. Not in the least. I'd been trying to shift gears to safe subjects. But with one joke, and then one word, I was right back in her orbit. Hearing it on her pretty lips was yet another step in making me forget all the reasons why I should stay away from her.

Then I reminded myself. There was not going to be any sex, not at all. There would absolutely positively not be any sex. I had control. I had restraint. I wasn't going to jump Nate's sister.

But a kiss? My brain started whirring with possibility.

After Nate returned, Kat yawned and passed on the Diet Coke. "I better go to sleep. Since I've got the Mystic Landing morning shift and all. You guys can stay out here and have your guy talk without me. No one needs the little sister around."

I was about to open my mouth to protest and say I did, I definitely did, but she was already gone.

* * *

A little while later, Nate and I went back into the house.

"I'm beat," he said, running his hand through his dark hair, then retreated to his room. The sound of his door shutting echoed through the house, and the hall was strangely quiet for a few seconds as I headed to the guest bedroom, wondering if Kat was asleep. Look, I wasn't thinking of slinking into her bedroom. It was the first night I was in her house. Even if it was the fiftieth night I wouldn't do that. Sneaking into her bedroom would be the height of tacky.

But I'd be lying if I said I wasn't happy when I bumped into her in the hall.

She wore loose shorts and a gray tank top with a pink Hello Kitty across the chest, and I wasn't checking out the illustration so much as I was lingering on what it covered up. More than I should. When I realized what I was doing - staring at her br**sts, at their lush curves, and the barest bit of skin showing - I snapped my gaze up. Then I was looking her in the eyes, those gorgeous brown eyes, so pure and such a rich shade.

It was as if I had no choice in the matter. The wagons were circling me, and I was nearly toppled.

She was breaking down all my defenses and she didn't even know it. Everything about her was alluring, down to the fact that she wore a cartoon cat to bed. It was cute, it was retro, it was girly all at once. It also reminded me of my own favorite comic.

"You like Hello Kitty?"

"Uh, yeah," she said, as if she were thrown off by my question.

"That's really cute," I said, trying to hold back a smile.

"Really?"

"Yeah. Definitely. Hello Kitty is totally adorable."

"Wow. Nate never told me his best friend was such a huge fan of cartoon cats," she said playfully.

"I'm personally a bigger fan of Bucky from the comic Get Fuzzy."

"I love that crazy Siamese," she said, and I wanted to ask her out right then and there. She liked Office Space, she knew the characters in my favorite comic strip, and she was completely unaware of her effect on me.

"I defy anyone who doesn't find cats amusing to read that comic."

"That is an awesome challenge. Let's make posters and start a campaign. I'll even break out my Get Fuzzy tee-shirt when we start planning a march to the capital," she said, smiling brightly again, easily picking up the back and forth vibe of our late-night chatter in the hallway. Maybe that's why I said the next thing. Because I wanted her to know. I wanted her to have an inkling that she was already working her way into my heart.

"Generally speaking, I'm good with all cartoon cats," I said, then paused, taking a beat before I said the next thing. "Especially when cute girls wear them."

Her lips quirked up briefly, and before I did what I truly wanted to do - kiss her, ask her out, tell her that even though I'd only known her for twelve hours, was there a chance she was feeling some kind of spark too - I swiveled around and walked off.

I wanted to do all of those things.

So much. Too much.

Chapter Three

Kat

I blow dried my hair the next morning.

I rarely blow dried my hair in the summer.

But I wanted to look good in case I ran into Bryan again in the hall. Or anywhere really. Evidently, I was going to have to make sure I looked good all the time since he was staying in my house for two weeks. But I was up to that challenge, because hello - hot and sweet guy staying in my house for two weeks.

Lucky me.

As I applied lip gloss, I asked myself once again how it was possible I'd never known that Nate had such a good-looking best friend? They'd been buddies all through college but it had never once occurred to me that the Bryan my brother had mentioned was gorgeous, with hair I wanted to run my fingers through, and eyes I could barely look away from - a forest green with gold flecks.

The house was quiet when I left for the store, and I wondered momentarily if Bryan was still sleeping. Or if he was an early riser and was out for a morning jog. He looked the type. The guy didn't have an ounce of fat on him, and his arms had the perfect amount of tone to them. Muscled and trim, and with that boyish smile, he was so easy on eyes.

As I walked to the store, I realized his looks weren't the only reason I wanted to make sure I had a good hair day. He was so easy to talk to, and we had an instant repartee from the second he'd hugged me in the driveway. I didn't want to read too much into our connection since he was Nate's friend, even though I couldn't help but hope that he sensed a spark too when we'd been talking about movies out on the deck last night, or even when I bumped into him in the hall.

I popped into my favorite cafe, picturing walking into this shop with him, ordering a coffee drink on a first date. Would be take me out for coffee if he asked me out? No, that was silly. He knew I was fond of movies, and he seemed like the type of guy who truly listened to a girl, the kind who would arrange a date to be exactly what she wanted. We'd go to the movies, and he'd hold my hand at some point as the storyline unfolded on screen.

I smiled at that image. Then I promptly reprimanded myself for thinking of him that way. Even if we had an ease of conversation, even if he was handsome, even if we liked the same things, getting involved with him would be trouble for my heart. I was starting college in the fall, and he was starting the real world. There would simply be no us.

Better to erase those ideas now.

That was easier said then done though because my stomach flipped when I spotted him waiting outside Mystic Landing. He had a cup of coffee in his hand, and the ends of his dark hair were still wet. Soon, I was near enough to breathe in that clean, freshly showered scent.

"Hi there."

"I'm a morning person too," he offered with a sheepish little shrug. "Hope you don't mind if I share the morning shift with you. Nate'll sleep past noon anyway."

"Not at all," I said as I hunted for the keys in my purse, as if that action would mask the butterflies racing inside me from knowing I'd get to spend the next several hours with him.

* * *

Bryan

I was slated for the afternoon shift with Nate, but hell if I was sticking to the schedule. I figured one of two things would happen the more time I spent with her. I'd learn she was annoying, a pain in the ass, or silly, and all of those would be great because I could get her out of my system.

Case closed, problem solved.

Or I'd discover the opposite. I'd learn that she was just as sweet and funny and smart as I'd already known her to be, and I'd fall harder.

I'd be screwed.

But for some reason, I didn't stop. I walked right into the fire because I was dying to know all the things about her, down to what kind of coffee she drank. I gestured to her drink. "Must have just missed you at the cafe. Coffee, too?"

"Caramel macchiato. Only frou-frou drinks for this girl." Then, she inched closer, and she was so near to me I could smell her shampoo, some kind of tropical rainforest scent that made me want to thread my fingers in her hair, back her up against the wall, and kiss her. Right then, right there Forget everything else but the feel of her lips. She dropped her voice to a whisper, like we were co-conspirators. "I even got an extra shot of caramel."

She was playful and flirty, and I wasn't going to miss the chance to keep up that kind of volley. I pretended the added caramel was the height of scandal. "So decadent."

"And you?"

I tapped the lid on top of my cup. "Coffee. Just coffee, nothing more. I like my coffee the way -"

She narrowed her eyes and waved off my remark. "I don't want to hear one of those customary guy jokes. I like my coffee the way I like my women - hot, strong, with cream."

My jaw dropped. I couldn't believe she thought I'd say something so crass. All my crass thoughts were locked up safely in the far corner of my head. I'd be saving them for another time. "I wasn't going to say that."

"Oh. Sorry. How do you like your coffee then?" She said as she unlocked the door to the store.

Maybe it was because she wasn't looking at me then. Maybe I felt the start of a what-the-hell attitude toward her. Maybe it was because I had a crazy hunch she was the kind of person who had a thing for romantic places that made me answer her in a low whisper, "The way they drink it in Paris. Black."

She tensed briefly, or maybe she shivered. I wasn't going to read anything into her reactions; all I knew was that I was damn glad I was a morning person, and was here with her.

"It's my dream to go there. I want to visit all the boutiques and shops and see all the gorgeous jewelry. I want to be inspired by the designs."

"There is little as inspiring as Paris," I said, and I could picture being there with her, letting time slow down all around us. Just like I'd pictured having coffee with her at the cafe around the corner, now I was picturing kissing her in Paris, because she was the kind of girl who should be kissed by the river.

"Have you been to Paris?" she asked, and her voice sounded wistful.

"Only once. But I'm fluent enough from taking French in school, and the company I'm starting to work for has offices there, so I'm hoping go back," I said as we walked into the store together, and she began straightening up the shelves, unlocking the register, and readying the store to open.

"I want to work for your company. So I can go to Paris too," she said with a wink. Her brown eyes sparkled, like we had another secret.

"I'll go ahead and book a flight. We'll sneak away."

She stopped in her tracks behind the counter, then looked at me, her eyes meeting mine. Had I crossed the line? Shit. I thought I knew her, but the most I knew was how I felt when I was with her. I didn't even know if she had a boyfriend, if I should be flirting with her like this.

"Let's do it. Let's go to Paris. We won't tell a soul," she said in a whisper, her lips punctuating that last word with a beautiful O.

"Wander around the city. No one will know where we are," I said, and it was like a slow dance, and with each step we were somehow swaying closer to admitting what was happening.

"Get lost in Montmartre on a cobblestoned, hilly street."

"Where someone is playing old jazzy music on a phonograph and it floats out the window."

"And then we'd -" she said, but I didn't get to hear what we'd do next because our Paris reverie was broken by the sound of the bell jingling above the door. The first customers strolled in.

Kat and I immediately segued out of our wanderlust and into business. We stayed like that all through the morning shift, and maybe it was because of our conversation, or maybe it was because we both knew there was this unmistakeable vibe in the air, but everything between us clicked.

We were good together with customers. I talked to a pair of sisters visiting from Missouri who wanted a picture table book of the nautical old sea towns along the Connecticut coast. A little later, she chatted with an older couple who debated which serving plate to buy - the white one with yellow painted flowers, or the green one that was just the right size for asparagus, the woman said.

"How often do you find a plate that's the perfect fit for asparagus?" I chimed in with a smile.

"Hardly ever," the woman said in a cheerful tone. "And that's why we'll take it."

When they left, I turned to Kat. "We're like a tag team."

"We absolutely are if you can keep doling out those vegetable serving tips," she teased.

When Nate arrived for the afternoon shift, Kat gave him a rundown of the morning business and crowd. "That all sounds great. Mom and dad will be happy. What are you guys going to do now?"

"I think I might go see a movie," Kat said. "I know, big shock there."

He rolled his eyes. "Of course. Movie junkie here. Are you going to go to the movies too?" Nate asked me, and I knew he wasn't giving me permission to take out his sister. It wasn't as if I'd said, "Nate, I'm totally falling for Kat and I want to know if it's okay if we sit in a darkened theater for two hours," but it was as close as I was going to get to some kind of tacit yes. Eventually, I'd say something, I told myself. Just not yet. There wasn't anything to tell him anyway. Once there was something to say, I'd say it. For now, we were two friends going to the movies. Nothing more.

At the local cinema, we perused the list of movies and both picked a Will Ferrell comedy, then she turned to me. "I'm going to be totally honest here. I kind of have a thing for silly humor. Stupid humor. All that stuff. I know it probably doesn't go with the whole I-want-to-go-to-Paris and be inspired by the designs, but sue me. I think Will Ferrell is a comedic genius."

Straight shot to my heart.

"Kat, I don't know how to tell you this," I said in a mock serious tone. "So I guess I'm just going to be blunt. Will Ferrell is a comedic genius, and the fact that you have recognized this cosmic truth means the kettle corn is on me too."

Her lips curved up and I was pretty sure she could get me to do anything with her smile.

"Lucky me," she said.

"No," I corrected, feeling bold as we were surrounded by the smell of fake butter and the snapping of kernels. "Lucky me."

When the lights went down in the theater, we shared the popcorn, and yes, there were a few moments when my fingers brushed hers and vice versa. Those moments were enough to make me entirely forget the scenes unfolding on the screen because all I was thinking about was how my blood was racing faster, and my skin was heating up from a sliver of a touch.

By the time we left the cinema, the movie was swiss cheese to me. Full of so many holes, that I was faking my way through our post-mortem discussion. I remembered bits and pieces of it; the film was a goddamn slapstick comedy, not a twist turny thriller, but still. My memory of it was comprised of a few good chuckles, and the moments when I wanted to hold her hand to know if this was or wasn't a one-way street. I craved the feel of her fingers sliding through mine, simply because it would be a confirmation that this wasn't all in my head, that I wasn't imagining there was something more to the way she seemed to flirt back and to sneak in little glances now and then. All the reasons why I wasn't supposed to fall for her were gone.

At some point that afternoon, I stopped thinking about Nate. Sure, in the back of mind there was that little nagging ball of guilt, a reminder that I'd need to man up and tell my friend I was having very unfriendly feelings toward his sister. But I found it far too easy to ignore that worry because so very much of my brain was occupied with thoughts of Kat, what she liked, how well we got along, how she laughed at my jokes, how she teased me right back, and how I was going to have to find ways to spend more time with her.

I'd become that guy falling hard for a girl.

That's who I was that week, counting down the hours until our shared morning shift ended, and we went to the theater. It was our routine, our habit, right down to the popcorn, and the seats in the second row from the back. We worked our way through the marquee, seeing a thriller the next day, then catching a sci-fi picture, and after that we saw a movie with talking animals in it, starring a chipmunk as the lead character.

Kat laughed the whole time, and so did I. The fact that this girl had such a wild sense of humor was another chink in my armor.

When the final credits rolled, she stroked her chin and spoke in a deeper voice, adopting the persona of a pretentious movie critic doing a review show. "You know, Bob, this has shades of that talking raccoon movie that audiences fell in love with years ago. Do you recall John The Chattering Raccoon? It had similar themes, wouldn't you say?"

I nodded as if she were intensely seriously. "Absolutely, Sally. Though I do have to say I feel John brought a bit more pathos to the lead role than the chipmunk did in this picture. A touch more empathy, do you think?"

She pretended to consider my question, staring thoughtfully at the ceiling, then returning her focus to me. "Might that have been because John had such a nice mask around his eyes?

Then she cracked up, a deep belly laugh where she placed her hands on her stomach as she laughed, and I couldn't help myself. It was too fun to be with her. "You can't deny the makeup people in John the Chattering Racoon did an excellent job," I said because I wanted another laugh, and I got one.

We returned to our normal voices as we stood up and made our way out of the theater. "You've pretty much seen every movie, haven't you?" I asked.

"I've seen a lot of movies."

"Why? I mean, besides the obvious. That movies are fun. Why are you such a fan of movies? Don't get me wrong. I love them too. But your love is intense."

"Isn't that a good enough reason? Just for entertainment?"

"Totally. So that's the reason?"

"Sure," she said with a little shrug that seemed to suggest there was more to it.

"All right, Kat Harper. What's the story?" I asked as we walked down the street, the afternoon sun warming us. I wanted to know everything about her. I wanted to understand her. "Tell me where your love of movies comes from. I mean, where does it truly come from?"

She took a deep breath. "I do love movies for pure entertainment value. But I also love them because they kind of represent family to me, if you know what I mean?"

"Tell me. Why do they represent family to you?"

"All these big events in my life were marked by movies," she said, as we walked past a local art gallery where a guy had set up an easel outside and was painting a vast open sky. "When Nate was in eighth grade and won the election for class president," she began, and my gut twisted the slightest bit from the mention of her brother, but I pushed the feeling aside to listen to her story, "We all went to see the re-release of Raiders of the Lost Ark, because it was this great action adventure, and I gripped the armrest when Harrison Ford raced against the boulder. The time I was picked to design the cover of the junior high yearbook we went to see Ocean's Eleven. That's just how we celebrated things. I even remember when my grandmother died. We went to the memorial service. I was twelve and I read a poem at the service, and then we decided that we should see Elf. Which probably sounds like a weird thing to do after a funeral," she said, lowering her voice a bit as if that was hard to say.

I reached for her arm, resting my hand against it briefly before I pulled away. "No, it doesn't. Not at all."

"It was really the perfect movie to see, because I think we all just needed to not be sad every second, you know?"

"It actually makes perfect sense," I said, and she stopped walking and looked me in the eyes. This time, there was no flirting, no wink and a nod. Just a truly earnest and caring look in her deep brown eyes, as if she were grateful that I'd understood her.

"But I guess it all started with my mom. She's a huge romantic comedy fan, so she started showing me all the great ones. Sleepless in Seattle. Love, Actually. Notting Hill. You've Got Mail," she said and we resumed our pace. I wasn't even sure where we were headed - to her house, to the beach, down the street. But I didn't care. I was with her, and I didn't want the afternoon to end.

"And do you still love romantic comedies?"

"I make jewelry. I drink caramel machiattos. I wear Hello Kitty to bed. Of course I love romantic comedies," she said, and the second she spoke those last few words, I knew I had to seize the moment. To somehow turn these afternoons at the theater into the possibility of a real date. I'd deal with the barriers. I'd find a way to tell her brother. I knew I was treading in dangerous waters, but I was too far gone to swim back to shore.

I cleared my throat. "I think there's a romantic-comedy we haven't seen at the theater. Do you want to go again tomorrow?"

"I have to take care of some things for school in the morning, so I won't be working. Can you do the store solo and I can meet you at the theater?"

"I would love that."

"Me too."

Chapter Four

I couldn't sleep that night. I lay awake staring at the ceiling. The door was shut to the guest room I was staying in, and I was literally practicing the words out loud.

"Hey, Nate. So, buddy, listen. I kind of have a thing for your sister."

Then I'd try to imagine his response, but I came up short. Sure, there was part of me that feared the worst, the No Way in Hell answer. I had to be upfront though and tell him. Besides, he was my closest friend. I wasn't some jerk asking to date her. I was the guy he'd roomed with. But I couldn't be in the same house with him, call him a friend, and willingly head into the cinema with his sister tomorrow knowing I wasn't taking her as Nate's sister. I was taking her as the woman I wanted to date.

I breathed in deeply, picturing the air filling my lungs, giving me the confidence I needed to do the right thing

When Nate burst into the store the next day for the afternoon shift, I was ready. He was grinning from ear to ear, holding up his hands in victory.

"What is it?"

"I got the final interview!" He said, then punched the air.

"That's awesome, dude. I'm psyched for you," I said and clapped him on the back. "When is it?"

"In two weeks. At the advertising technology firm I've been talking to."

"You're gonna nail it. I can feel it," I said, tapping my chest.

"I better. I do not want to be one of those jobless MBAers."

"You're not. You'll be a working stiff like me any day now."

He walked behind the counter to get ready to take over for the afternoon. I gulped. This was the moment. I needed to tell him now. "So I'm heading out to - "

"-How was business today? Everything go okay?" he asked, cutting me off from saying the movies. Then he held up a hand and shook his head. "Wait. Don't tell me. If it was bad I don't want to know. Actually, just tell me everything was great because that's all I want to hear for the next two weeks. No bad news. I only want good happy news that'll keep me in a good happy mood til I nail this job. Okay?"

"Um, sure," I said tentatively.

"That means whenever I come in and ask how business was, all I want to hear is the word great."

"Okay," I said with a laugh. "It was great."

"Nothing to bring me down. Got that?"

The weight in my stomach both lifted and grew heavier. I wanted to tell him. I should have told him. But he needed not to know. I didn't want to be the reason he didn't get the job he wanted.

Besides, Kat and I were grown-ups. We could handle going to the movies.

* * *

Kat

Kiss Her Now.

I wanted to shout it at the screen. Instead, I said it under my breath as the scene played out in the film. After a missed email, and a missed text, and a missed phone call, the hero and heroine were still on unsure footing. I was damn near ready to walk up to screen, grab the back of his head, and the back of her head and press their lips together.

Except for the little bitty fact that they were only two-dimensional actors on a screen. But I needed them to kiss so badly. I practically wanted to chant it. I could feel their need for a kiss deep in my bones, and all throughout my body.

At last, the hero pushed the button on the elevator, rode up to her floor, marched down the hall, took that deep breath, and knocked hard on the door. When she opened it, her eyes lit up. At last, he'd come to tell her how he felt.

"I'm so crazy for you, and if I don't kiss you now I'm going to regret it for the rest of my life," he said.

"I don't believe in regret. I believe in kisses," she said and the moment their lips made contact, champagne tingles raced through my body, from my cheeks, down to my chest and all the way to my toes, making me feel bubbly and buzzy. My stomach flipped, and my skin felt hot. I stole a glance at Bryan, wishing for what they were having on the screen. Wishing for it with him. He was already looking at me and his eyes were searching mine, as if he was checking to see if I was having the same reaction.

"Hi," he whispered in that low and husky voice he used sometimes just with me.

"Hi."

We weren't alone, but the theater wasn't crowded. The nearest patrons were many rows ahead, and that made me feel as if we were all alone in the back. But honestly, even if we'd been surrounded by crowds, I wouldn't have waited. I couldn't wait. I wanted so badly to be kissed by him.

He reached his hand toward me first, and I watched the whole time as if it were happening in slow motion as his fingers slid through mine. My shoulders rose and fell as he made contact, and there it was. The moment that we became more than friends. He kept his eyes on me, and at some point I nodded, as if I were telling him I wanted more, that he had all the permission he'd ever need to do what the hero had done to the heroine on screen. Kiss her deeply and passionately.

With his other hand, he laced his fingers through my dark hair, and I gasped lightly at the feel of his touch. So soft, so warm. So inviting. Then he dropped his mouth to me, his lips brushing gently across mine, and I wanted nothing more than for this kiss to last for the longest time. It was my movie kiss, it was the heroine falling into the hero's arms, it was the world around me ceasing to exist, and all that mattered was this softness, this sweetness, the feel of his lips and his tongue dancing with mine.

I knew then, without a shadow of a doubt, that not only had I never been kissed like this, but that I never would be kissed like this by anyone else. This was the benchmark, the gold standard. Nothing would ever compare.

Maybe that's a crazy thing to think after one kiss from one guy. Or maybe the heart knows best, and my heart and my body wanted him. We had that kind of synch, that kind of connection, as if were meant to kiss each other.

Always.

We couldn't stop. We kissed all through the final scene, and on through the credits, and during that awkward moment when everyone else shuffled past us. Finally, when the lights rose, he pulled apart.

"Wow," he said, breathing hard.

"Wow indeed."

He brushed a strand of hair from my cheek, then rested his forehead against mine. He gripped my hand tighter, as if he were making a very important point. "Kat, I've wanted to do that since I first met you in the driveway the other day."

"You have?" I ask, and butterflies took flight inside me. Sure, he'd just kissed me like I was his air, but still you want to hear it. I wanted to hear everything from him. I'd fallen so far for him, and I needed him to be there to catch me.

"Yes. You were so pretty, and then you were everything else. I have loved spending time with you. I have loved going to the movies with you and working together in the store and talking about Paris, and everything else."

My heart soared. "I thought you were pretty hot too when I met you. And I've loved all those things too."

He wiggled his eyebrows. "You thought I was hot?"

I rolled my eyes. "I'm sitting here in the movie theater making out with you. This is a surprise that I thought you were hot?"

"What can I say? I like hearing it from a beautiful woman," he said.

I blushed, and he ran his thumb over my cheek. "That's adorable that you blushed."

"Stop," I said playfully, and he silenced my protest with a quick kiss. This one didn't last more than five seconds but it felt like the promise of so much more. More kisses, more moments, more than this one.

"But listen, Kat," he started and I froze, my eyes going wide with fear because sentences that start with but listen don't end well. "Hey, it's okay. I was just going to say I don't think we should mention this to Nate. He's so focused on the job interview right now, and this would only worry him, and I don't want to do that."

"I can keep secrets," I said, and this felt like exactly the kind of secret I'd like keeping. One that made me feel special, and beautiful, and wanted by this gorgeous man who'd strolled into my life unexpectedly. I never imagined I'd have fallen for my brother's best friend, but there it was, happening and I couldn't do a thing to stop it.

* * *

Bryan

The waves lapped the shore with that calming rhythm of the ocean's nighttime low tide - a slow sort of whoosh, then the moon pulled the water back out to sea. It was the perfect soundtrack for midnight kissing, and I swear I couldn't get enough of her.

Maybe it's because I knew I wouldn't go any further. Not now at least. Not yet. Kisses were all I'd allow at this point. Not that I didn't want to do everything with her because I did. Every. Single. Thing.

But if anything more were to happen between us, things would need to be on the up and up. I didn't want to be sneaking around I wanted her to be mine officially. For now though, I was more than thrilled to have her stretched out next to me on a blanket on the sand, and I was glad Nate was busy most evenings, from job prep to the occasional date with a woman who worked at the cafe next to the store. I pulled Kat closer, kissing her harder and deeper, and she responded by roping her arms around my neck and wriggling her sexy little body closer.

Dangerously close. She slid a leg between mine, and I want to yank her under me, pull her hard on top of me. Anything. Especially when she started exploring. She ran her hands over my chest, then down to my stomach, and I groaned, both happy and frustrated. I loved how she touched me, but I couldn't risk going further.

"We have to be careful, Kat," I said as she reached beneath my T-shirt, spreading her hand across my stomach, her fingers inching closer to the waistband of my jeans. "We can't do more than kiss."

"Why?" she asked, in a borderline pout.

"Because. Because I'm your brother's friend. Because I'm older than you."

"You're only five years older."

"I know. But still," I said, reaching for her hands, hating stopping her, but knowing I had to.

"I'm old enough to know what I want."

"I know, and I want it too. But we need to slow down."

She ran her fingers through my hair, and she buried her face in the crook of my neck, kissing my jawline, then buzzing her lips up to my ear, trying to break down my control. "Do you really want to slow down?" she whispered sexily.

No. God no. I want to slide your body under mine and bring you the most intense pleasure.

"No, but we need to," I said, and she silenced me again with another kiss, all while running her free hand over my back, making me shudder. She was so potent to me. One hit and all I wanted was more.

"What about in a few months when I'm in New York? Would we still have to slow down then?"

It didn't take me long to consider her question. I'd been thinking about it for the last few days we'd been together. We had a chance, an opportunity to make a go of something. She'd be in school in New York, and I'd be working in New York. Maybe it was crazy to keep this up, but it seemed crazier to let her go.

"No," I admitted.

If a grin could be both wicked and innocent, she mastered it right then with the look on her beautiful face from my answer.

"Will we see each other when I go to NYU?"

"Of course we'll see each other, even though my job is going to take me out of town a lot," I told her, and she looked crestfallen. I pulled her back to me, wanting to reassure her, to let her know how much she'd made a mark on me. "Don't be sad, Kat. I'm totally falling for you, and I don't want to take advantage of you. I like you that much. I like you so much it scares me."

"Don't be scared. I don't bite," she said, then nibbled on my collarbone, making me laugh, and making me want to find a way to make this work. I wanted to be sure she was ready for more though, especially since she hadn't used the falling word yet. She hadn't returned my "I'm falling for you."

I tried not to let that bother me, wanting to give her space and time to say it, if she felt. God, I hoped she felt it.

We kept on like that for the next few days. We went to the beach at night, we worked together during the day, she even showed me a sketch for a necklace she wanted to make. My time at her house was nearing its end, and we were both aware we'd have to figure out what would happen next. At the end of the week, we were at the theater again, the place where we'd first kissed and first admitted we had feelings for each other. After the credits rolled, she grasped my hand tighter, and looked me in the eyes. "Remember what you said the other night?"

"When you were telling me about a new necklace design?" I said playfully.

"No." She swatted me lightly on the arm.

"When we discussed the merits of raccoons on film?"

She shook her head. "Not that either."

I rested my index finger on my chin. "Hmmm, could it be the night we talked about all the places we want to see in Paris when we go there someday?"

"Not that either. But I definitely want to go to Paris with you."

"And I want to go with you too," I said, squeezing her hand. "So what's the thing I'm supposed to remember from the other night?"

"When you said you were falling for me," she said in a sweet whisper.

I nodded, my heart beating furiously fast.

She kept her eyes on me, holding my gaze as she spoke. "I'm falling for you too."

I knew I couldn't let this end.

Chapter Five

It was only fitting that Bruce Springsteen was playing on the sound system at the bar. He was always singing about doing the right thing, and manning up, and that's what I was going to do right this second.

Finally.

I ripped off the Band-aid, and went for it, looking Nate straight in the eyes. "So listen, I kind of fell for your sister this summer and I'd really love your permission to keep going out with her."

Nate's jaw dropped, and my heart beat faster. Oh shit. He was going to kill me. He cocked his arm and started to swing. But instead, he just clapped me on the shoulder.

"Dude, you honestly think I didn't notice?" Nate said, then took another drink of his beer. We were at a bar in the city celebrating his new job.

Now it was my turn to be surprised. "You noticed?"

He rolled his eyes. "You couldn't keep your eyes off her whenever she walked in the room. You were always going to the movies with her. Working the morning shift. You two are so perfect for each other it kind of makes me sick, but hey, better you than any other guy."

I wiped my hand across my forehead. "Whew. I thought you were going to be pissed."

"I'm only slightly pissed that you didn't tell me when you were at my house this summer. But at least you're saying something now and I appreciate it."

"Well, thanks for not wanting to strangle me," I said and took a swallow of my drink.

"Just don't break her heart. That's all I ask. Or I will kill you," he said, and by the tone of his voice I knew he was serious.

"I promise. I won't break her heart."

* * *

After I started my job in August, she visited me in the city and we became part of the fabric of New York, wandering through the Metropolitan Museum, kissing by the fountain at Lincoln Center, meandering in and out of Manhattan's neighborhoods, touching and holding hands. I wanted more, so much more, and so did she, but we'd agreed to wait til she moved into the city, and was ready to start college.

As we strolled along a tree-lined street in the Village one weekend I told her I had a surprise for her.

She arched an eyebrow, but her eyes sparkled. "What kind of surprise?"

"If I tell you it won't be a surprise, now will it? We're almost there."

"Oh!" She said, and stopped in her tracks. "I forgot to tell you. I have exciting news for you."

"What is it?"

"There's a little boutique owner in Mystic who likes my necklaces. She said she wants me to join her at an upcoming festival in town and try selling some at a booth," she said, and she was bouncing on her feet.

"How could you forget to tell me that? That's huge, Kat. I'm so happy for you," I said and pulled her in close for a hug. "You haven't even started school yet and you're already on your way to being a star."

"I'm hardly a star," she said, then planted a quick kiss on my lips. "But it's a start."

I reached for her hand. "It's the start of an amazing career you're going to have," I said and soon we reached a tiny little Japanese manga shop. I'd stumbled upon this shop when I went to NYU, and it was perfect for Kat. "This is your surprise."

She arched an eyebrow. "You want me to become a comic book fan?"

"I'm not trying to convert you to comic books. Just go in. You'll see."

Once inside, she was the proverbial kid in the candy store, wide-eyed and slack-jawed when she saw the display of Hello Kitty jewelry, bracelets and necklaces. Fine, it was bling. Bright, shiny, Hello Kitty bling, but Kat loved the kitschiness of it.

I smiled the whole time as I watched her take it all in. Seeing her happy was like a drug. I'd do whatever I could to get this reaction from my girl. "I thought you might get a kick out of it. But, you make such amazing stuff this might all seem silly to you. Especially now that you're being recruited for your necklaces."

She reached for me, wrapped her hand around my arm. "I love it. No matter what I make, I will always love Hello Kitty. It's a life-long kind of thing we have going on."

"Good. Pick anything you like." Fine, it wasn't Tiffany's. I wasn't some loaded hedge fund manager bringing her into a swank jewelry store and promising diamonds. But this was Kat's Tiffany's, and judging from the way her brown eyes seemed to twinkle, it was as if I'd brought her to Aladdin's cave and she was discovering gems and rubies. I ran my hand along her lower back, unable to resist touching her. She sighed and inched closer to me as she checked out necklaces and rings. She held up a ring that she liked, showing it to me.

"Cute," I murmured as I brushed my lips against her neck. I slipped my hand under the back of her shirt, tracing her soft skin. "You feel so good," I whispered.

"You're distracting me," she said, but she moved closer too, and I was damn near ready to tug her into my arms, thread my fingers through her hair, and kiss her deeply right in the store.

The woman behind the counter cleared her throat, and that was my cue to keep it PG. Kat picked out a sparkly necklace with pink stones for the cat's ears.

"Wait for me outside," I told her, then went to the register to pay for the gifts.

A minute later I left the store, tucking a tiny white bag into my wallet. I'd save the gift in the bag for the next time I saw her. I asked Kat to turn around. She lifted up her hair, and I kissed her lightly on her neck, savoring that sweet sexy moment when she shivered under my touch. "I could do this all day," I said, as I fastened the necklace.

"Put jewelry on me?" She teased.

"No. Kiss you," I said, then dropped my mouth to her neck once more, kissing my way up to her ear, as she pressed her body against me. "I love kissing you. I'm so crazy for you. And I know this is just a little necklace, but I wanted you to have something from me. Something you liked."

She turned around, looping her arms around my neck. "I love it, Bryan. I totally love it."

That word burrowed into my heart, and I wanted to say it, to tell her all that I felt for her. But I kept it inside for longer, wanting to take things slow with her. She had the world ahead of her, and I didn't want to rush a thing.

"Let's go walk around NYU. You're going to be there in just a few weeks."

We wandered over to campus, and as she peered in the buildings, checking out dorms and classrooms, she had the most excited look in her eyes. "I can't believe I'm going to be here soon. It's going to be amazing. Did you love it here?"

"Absolutely. Every second of it," I said. "College is everything they say it is."

"What do you mean?"

"That it's the time when you find yourself. When you figure out what you want. And when you have a ton of fun."

"I can't wait to start."

As we reached the campus bookstore, my phone chimed with an email. I slid my finger across the screen.

"I'll be right back. I need to see what my boss wants. I'll meet you in the store," I said to Kat. I clicked open the email and the subject line read Paris. I read the rest of the note. "Looks like there might be an opening soon in our Paris office. You're fluent, right? Let's talk Monday about this."

Equal parts excitement and surprise raced through me. My boss had mentioned working abroad, but it had never occurred to me it might happen so quickly. Nor had it occurred to me I might be separated from Kat by an ocean. I wanted to stay, but I wanted to go.

When I found her in the bookstore, she asked if everything was okay.

"Yeah, it's great actually," I said because I did want this. I did want the opportunity to learn and grow in my career that was just starting. "I might be going to Paris soon. To work."

"That's amazing," she said, and threw her arms around me.

"You'll have to come visit me," I said to see how she'd respond, even though it wasn't fair to ask her to do that. She wouldn't want to anyway, would she?

She pulled back to look at me, a wide smile on her gorgeous face. "You know I'd be there in a heartbeat to see you."

And maybe that's when it hit me. At that moment, everything came to a screeching halt with her words. I knew staying together was going to be a problem. I hated myself for knowing this. I hated myself for what I had to do. But I had no choice. This was the only way, and I did it for her.

I kissed her hard that night when I put her on the train back to Mystic, wishing it didn't feel like it might be the last time.

I didn't want it to be the last time. Not at all. But I knew it had to be.

Three days later I broke up with her.

Chapter Six

Five years later

Bryan

As we walked along the Santa Monica promenade, the sun shining brightly overhead, my sister brought the camera to her eyes and snapped several quick shots.

"Get anyone good?" I asked when she lowered the camera.

"Oh, you didn't notice? That was Lucien Drone," she said, pointing casually at the man she'd just photographed. I glanced behind us and saw a squat, balding guy walking the other way. "The short dude?"

She nodded.

"Why you'd take his picture? Never even heard of him."

"He used to be on a TV show that was popular in the 80s. Furs and Fiends. He was the skeezy pimp."

"Gotta say, I'm glad I never saw that show."

"I don't even think this picture is worth anything," she said, tapping her camera. "No one, not even the worst celebrity rags want his shot unless they're doing a where are the has-beens now. So maybe I'll try to sell it for coffee change."

"How do you have time for college and taking pictures of celebrities?" I asked as we neared the restaurant where we were headed for lunch. I was in Los Angeles for business for my company Made Here that I'd started a few years ago. But I had time in between meetings to hang out with Jess. I hadn't seen her in several months. She'd just started her sophomore year of college.

"Bryan," she said and mimed juggling. "I'm like you. I learned from the best. When you want something, you go after it, and you juggle everything."

"You want to take pictures of celebrities? That's what you're going after?"

"No. Dork. I want to put myself through college like you did. But speaking of going after things," she said, and stopped walking to cross her arms and stare hard at me. "Are you still pining after Kat?"

"What are you talking about?" I asked with a laugh, the kind that said she'd caught me red-handed.

"The girl you told me you fell for five years ago?"

"No. Of course I'm not pining for her," I said, adding in a scoff for good measure.

She poked me in the chest.

"I don't even know what she's up to," I said, looking the other way.

"She's making necklaces now. My Favorite Mistakes, she calls them. I don't even like jewelry but those are seriously nice necklaces."

I turned back to Jess, impressed that she knew. "You track her too?"

She pointed her finger at me and smiled widely. "Aha! So you are still thinking of Kat. I knew it."

"Fine. You caught me." I held up my hands. There was no point denying it. Breaking up with Kat was my biggest regret. Hands down, bar none. I thought my reasons were good, but nothing had come close to the idiocy of what I'd done when I left her. If I could turn back time, I would do everything over again from that moment I gave her the necklace.

"You are a world class idiot," Jess continued, pushing her sunglasses higher on her head. "You've spent five years missing her. You need to find her. You need to find a way to reconnect with her. See if she hates you. Ask Nate even. Or does he want to kill you still for breaking her heart?"

"No. He was pretty pissed at first, but he moved on and we're still friends." My sister knew everything about Kat. I couldn't keep it all inside, and Jess was the only person I felt comfortable talking to about it. I spilled the beans to her after I went to Paris with an empty ache in my heart, one that hadn't faded over those five years.

"She's in New York," Jess said pointedly. "I looked her up before I saw you this morning. She's building her business. There has to be a way you can try to win her back. After all, that's what the hero in a movie would do."

Movies. I knew someone who loved movies. I only hoped I could find the same happy ending with Kat that Hollywood gives you.

Then I remembered the mentorship program at the NYU business school. Maybe I could get into that, and find my way back to her.

I gestured to the restaurant. "Let's have lunch and plot a way back to the heroine's heart."

Jess flashed me a bright smile. "Now you're talking."

