Prologue

Mairi

I kept my mouth shut, eyes squeezed tight as I concentrated on not breathing even as my face was smashed against the glass bowl of the overflowing sink. If Farah Jenkins didn't let me up soon, I'd probably be the first girl in history to die of drowning in a high school sink.

Farah pushed me down harder. My throat was on fire now, and as the pressure inside me built higher and higher, I knew it was only a matter of seconds before I---

Aah! Even as Farah kept her painful grip on my hair as she finally let me up, I didn't mind, too busy gulping in oxygen. I tried to struggle out of her hold, but it wasn't easy since Farah's goons in skirts also had a hold on me, their fingers clamped around my wrists. I tried getting out of their death grips, but it was impossible. Jesus, these girls were strong. What did they freaking do during glee practice anyway? Bench press while working on their duets?

"Look at me, you little whore!"

I did as she asked. She didn't really give me a choice as she yanked my head back. Our gazes met through the mirror. Farah looked absolutely perfect, not a single strawberry blond strand out of place. Her goons looked as impossibly good, their makeup giving their skins a glossy feel.

In contrast, I looked like a drowned rat, the anemic type, my pale skin turning even whiter under the bright fluorescent bulbs of the school's toilet.

"Do you really think Stavros would want someone like you?"

And someone like me meant...what? Someone who actually ate enough to weigh more than my backpack?

I wanted to ask for clarification, but by then she had dunked my head back into the overflowing sink. This time, she pushed too hard, cracking my head against the side of the sink. When she pulled me up, we all saw the tiny gash of red on my forehead.

"Shit, Farah! That's going to leave evidence!" Mary Anne, Farah's best friend, immediately let go of my wrist, leaping away from me at the sight.

Farah looked a little queasy herself, but she still didn't release me like the others. She saw my gaze straying towards the wall clock, which told me there were still ten long minutes to go before the end of lunch break.

A mix of resentment and fear twisted her face into something terrible before her fingers suddenly dug deep. I wondered if this time she intended to carve out her name on my scalp.

"Are you thinking of running away and asking Stavros for help?" she screamed at my face. "Do you think he'll listen to a gold digger like you?"

I was not a gold digger. I just knew I was meant to be the wife of a hot Greek billionaire. That was all. But I couldn't afford to say that, not with Farah's twisted face too close for comfort. I'd rather pass out than waste my first kiss on her.

Farah was still screaming. "If you think I'm going to just stand aside and let you leech off Stavros, then you're crazy. You'll never have him, you lying, cock-sucking, money-grabbing---"

She spewed out more insults, sounding more like a ghetto baby than our high school's Glee Club president. My mind began to drift away, distancing itself from reality. Now would probably be the right time for me to get mad, but I just couldn't. I was raised by two of the kindest and most intellectual beings on earth. If someone did something shitty to me, my first instinct would be to create a petition against the injustice of that act in Change.org.

For today's incident, the petition would surely be something like "Say No to Psycho Prom Princesses."

"In a minute, everyone in this town will know you for the slut that you are. Because I've got your f**king diary posted on Wattpad, you whore, and soon everyone will know that even your f**king aunts are whores---"

Something inside me shut down at her words. "Take that back."

Farah snarled, "Never!"

"I'm serious, Farah." All I could suddenly think about was strangling her just so she'd shut up. "Take that back."

"And if I don't? What are you going to do? Get your slutty aunts---"

I snapped.

When the teachers finally managed to drag me away from Farah, all I could think of was - So this was how it felt like to get mad.

"Your aunts have been notified, Ms. Tanner." Principal Childress' voice was cold enough to rival the air-conditioning in her office. She was a gray-haired bespectacled woman in her fifties, someone who had been single throughout her life. She could have been just like my aunts, really, except for a huge difference: my aunts hadn't let their personalities dry out like their still-intact hymens even after all these years.

I thought about asking Principal Childress if I could temporarily leave and borrow a fresh change of gym clothes from the clinic. Stealing a look at her face, which was lined with disapproval, I decided risking hypothermia was the safer option. At least I still had a chance to live.

"...your eye gets better."

Her words made my eyelids twitch, which was followed by a jolt of pain. Farah's surprisingly hard right hook would leave me sporting a panda look for a while, but I still got the better deal. At least I wasn't two-fifths bald.

"...explain what that blog was about?"

It took me more than a moment to realize Principal Childress was talking to me. "Err, sorry, Principal Childress. What was that again?"

She snapped, "I asked if you could explain what that blog of yours is about."

I shook my head hurriedly, intent on clearing things up. "It's not my blog. Everything published there was extracted without permission from my diary, which Farah Jenkins stole---"

"Ms. Tanner, you misunderstand. I am not asking about how those entries appeared online. What I am most concerned about is the content. What little I've read of it is frankly disturbing." Her voice stiff with disapproval, she continued, "It appears as if your aunts have poisoned your mind from the very start---"

My mind had shut down after the word 'poison'. So my aunts didn't lull me to sleep with regular fairytales from good old Grimm and Andersen. Instead, they had shared with me the most wonderful stories by romance authors who wrote extraordinary love stories about ordinary women falling in love with not-so-ordinary men. How the heck could that be considered poison?

"...making you believe that you must set your sights on an individual of Greek descent---"

My head was literally whirling. I couldn't believe how petty this talk was turning out to be. So little girls were allowed to dream about Prince Charming but not about Greek billionaires?

Before she could confuse me even more, I blurted out, "I'm afraid I don't get you at all, Principal Childress. What exactly are you implying? My aunts didn't tell me the normal bedtime stories, yes, but they didn't mean any harm when they told me those stories. They were good stories about couples finding true love---"

"It is not a good story when it inspires a woman to look for a rich benefactor!" Principal Childress shot to her feet, a look of affronted disbelief on her face. "It is not a good story when adults use it as a way of encouraging a child to whore herself---"

I shot to my feet too, and this time I knew exactly what was causing me to shake once more. "It wasn't like that!"

"Then what was that first entry you wrote about? You started it with a tip on how to target Greek billionaires---"

"There's nothing wrong about those stories, about my aunts, and there's nothing wrong about wanting to marry a Greek billionaire!"

Both of us froze.

"You are appalling," she spat.

I couldn't answer. Oh dear God, I had shouted! I was still appalled myself, unable to believe how I had become totally violent in a few hours. First, I got into a freaking fist fight and now I was involved in a shouting match with my Principal Childress.

This was wrong, but...I couldn't help it. She made me so mad! Trying to get a grip on my emotions, I said unevenly, "I was orphaned when I was eight. My aunts were career women and suddenly they had an eight year old to take care of. I was insatiable for bedtime stories because it was my way of clinging to my parents' memories, and they knew that. When they ran out of stories, they just switched to simplifying Harlequin romances. Surely you can understand that? Surely you don't see anything wrong?" I looked at her pleadingly. "You know those books---"

"No. I'm sorry. I do not know those books because I don't read anything that's sold in Walmart."

I gaped at her answer. "But---"

She shut me up with a glare, pointing at me like she was branding me a witch in the Salem Trials. "You have more or less admitted that your aunts had raised you to believe it is fine to use the holy sacrament of matrimony as a stepping stone for improving your financial and social status in life."

Was she basically saying I was a gold-digger?

"Holy Angels is a well-respected Catholic school, Ms. Tanner. If you wish to remain enrolled here, then tomorrow you must admit that the entries you have written in your blog---"

"But it isn't my blog!"

Principal Childress ignored that. "---are based on false and malicious beliefs."

My head started to hurt, enough to have me close my eyes. If I understood her perfectly, she was basically asking me to call my aunts liars and turn my back on my happy childhood.

"Well?" Principal Childress demanded.

I opened my eyes and gave her the answer she asked for.

Fuck you.

"You're only eating salad?" Aunt Norah asked that night as she hung her lab coat on the back of the chair before taking the seat at the head of the table. She had on her trademark pearl necklace, and matched with her silk sheath dress, Aunt Norah looked more like a socialite than a doctor on call.

I adjusted the dark glasses on my nose. "I'm on a diet."

Aunt Vilma took the seat across from me. She was also dressed in her typical power suit, pink, form-fitting, and covering her from head to toe. She had once told me that "looking sexy while kicking ass" was her way of discouraging the big boys in courtrooms from messing with her.

When Aunt Norah asked me about what new movie we could watch over the weekend, I began to relax. My appetite gradually came back and I happily moved on to the next course, a creamy mushroom soup that was my aunt's only masterpiece in the kitchen.

As Aunt Vilma took another helping of Caesar salad, she asked in a disarmingly casual voice, "And what about school, Mairi? Do you think we've given you ample time to have the guts to tell us what really happened?"

Pweh! That was the sound of my last spoonful of soup spitting out of my mouth, but even after that horrifying display I still kept on choking.

I heard Aunt Norah snapping, "Couldn't you have been more subtle than that?"

"I gave her more than five minutes," Aunt Vilma retorted in the same tone. "In my experience, when a person doesn't talk in five minutes, it means she never will."

Aunt Norah started pounding me on the back. "She's not one of your defendants! She's your niece!"

"I know," Aunt Vilma said as she also started pounding me on the back. "That's why I gave her seven minutes!"

"Oh for God's sake!"

"What?"

"STOP!" I didn't mean to scream, but if I let them continue arguing I'd likely end up black and blue. With a little wince, I inched away from their hands. "I'm, umm, okay now." Not. I suddenly felt like I had let an elephant massage my back with its hooves.

Aunt Norah's gaze widened when she saw me wince again. "Oh, dear. I'm sorry. We didn't realize---"

"Are you okay?" Aunt Vilma cut her off, concern lining her voice.

She tried reaching for me but I quickly pushed my chair a few inches back again. "I'm okay now," I said hastily. Seeing them still gazing at me worriedly, knowing what I had to tell them, I decided to play it safe and moved my chair farther away until its back hit the wall.

To my aunts' credit, they didn't lose their tempers or even thought I was to blame.

"Does your expulsion have to do something with your shiner?" Aunt Vilma asked.

I was stunned. "You know?"

Aunt Vilma sighed. "Honey, it's only in the movies that people can get away hiding the fact they've gotten punched with sunglasses."

Before I could answer that, dishonestly but defensively and purely out of pride, Aunt Norah said gently, "Your principal stated in her fax that you're no longer eligible for admission in their school. I called to know the exact reason but she says it's classified."

So Principal Childress had kept her side of the agreement, I thought with cold satisfaction. After flipping the bird at the old witch the way she deserved to, I had told Principal Childress she could expel me and I wouldn't contest it - but only if she didn't breathe a single word of her stupid accusations to my aunts or anyone else. If she did, then I was going to have Aunt Vilma sue her for discrimination and slander - and we both knew who would win that case.

"Do you have anything to say about that, Mairi?"

I shrugged, keeping my sunglasses on because it was easier to lie that way. "I got into a fight with another girl in school. A really violent fight. So they expelled me."

"That's it?" Aunt Norah sounded doubtful.

"Yup." I slowly resumed eating, just to convince them I was totally okay with what happened.

"Just tell it to me straight," Aunt Vilma pleaded. "It's not because you're pregnant, is it?"

I spit out another spoonful again.

Aunt Norah added uneasily, "Or on drugs?"

My spoon dropped to my plate. "Aunt Norah! Aunt Vilma!" Were they seriously asking me those questions?

"Well, you can't blame us! We didn't raise you to be a hooligan," Aunt Norah answered defensively.

Silence.

And then Aunt Vilma coughed, and when she did I had to cough, too.

Aunt Norah's gaze narrowed.

I'm not going to laugh. This is not the time for laughter. Oh my God, Aunt Vilma is so unfair! Why are her shoulders shaking?

Aunt Norah burst out, "Oh, for God's sake! My old-fashioned English is not the main point here."

Aunt Vilma lost it and I started to giggle. "Hooligan, Aunt Vi. Did you hear her say it?"

Aunt Vilma chortled, "I so did!"

It was a reprieve, a temporary one, and we all knew and allowed it. Maybe later tonight, when it was time for us to settle down with our own copies of our group bedtime story, we would talk about it again.

But for now, we were going to enjoy some harmless, adorable bit of normalcy.

Aunt Vilma and Aunt Norah were still trading insults and I stayed in my seat, enjoying my dinner as I listened to them one-up each other with the wittiest barbs. How, I wondered sadly, could those narrow-minded idiots ever think that these two wonderful women were whores and gold diggers?

They had made me believe in true love in the form of Greek billionaires.

Was that so wrong?

"Are you okay, Mairi?"

I started, realizing that both my aunts had ill-concealed looks of worry in their gazes. The sight of it made my stomach queasy because I didn't like seeing them like that. I wanted them to be happy - to stay happy because that was what they had succeeded in making me feel all these years, even if I had lost my parents too early.

Forcing a smile, I lied, "I was just wondering what book we'd be reading tonight."

"Lynne Graham's new one of course," Aunt Vilma replied promptly.

"Oh, please. Not another one. Can we please switch to Sharon Kendrick for tonight?"

"Betty Neels would be good," I piped in, just for the fun of it. I personally loved the author's books, but my aunts found her work too "sweet".

"There isn't even a Greek billionaire in any of her books," Aunt Vilma countered with a sniff. "She only writes about doctors and she's not even part of Harlequin's Medical Romance."

"Plus, those men are too nice for my liking," Aunt Norah grumbled. "They never act like jerks!"

Closing my eyes with a genuine smile this time, I let my mind drift once more while listening with half an ear to my aunts passionately enumerating the many reasons why they just weren't the kind of women to fall in love with handsome, wealthy, and intelligent Dutch surgeons.

One day, I thought hazily. One day I was going to prove everyone wrong about my aunts. One day, I'd show the whole world that it was perfectly fine to dream about falling in love with a Greek billionaire because it could and would come true if you wanted it badly enough.

And I wanted it. Badly.

Lesson 1

To catch a Greek billionaire, you must first find a way to get in his line of sight.

She said: Find a way to stand beside him (model, actress, lottery winner)...or behind him (nanny, secretary, or just bump into him).

He said: You are making it too complicated, matakia mou. It is this simple - do you want to be on top or under me?

8 Years Later

Mairi's heart started beating like crazy as the ornate gates of the Grecian Academy for Young Ladies finally opened. This was what she had been waiting for all her life - her very first possible encounter with Greek billionaires.

She opened her mouth to talk about how excited she was about today, felt her friends' knowing gazes on her, and instead decided to shut up. She was not going to take the bait. She was a mature twenty-something woman with good self-control. She would totally show them she could act like an adult if she wanted to.

Mandy and Velvet crowded around her. They were her closest friends, the only ones whom Mairi knew right from the start that she could trust with her secret. Of course, being trustworthy did not mean they were above teasing her about it. They were not.

"Come on," Mandy teased. She was a slim dark-haired woman with a practical streak that bordered on obsessive, a trait that served her well when teaching Economics. But as a friend to a dreamer like Mairi? Not fun were the first words that came to mind.

"Look at all those sports cars and limousines driving our way," Velvet whispered enticingly. Tall and auburn-haired, she looked more like an exotic model than the Chemistry teacher with the rather acerbic wit that she was. "One of them could be the man you've been dreaming of meeting all your life. Isn't this something worth celebrating?"

Don't take the bait, don't take---

"Come on, Mair. You know you want to say it. What if the first man who steps out of the car is tall, dark, and handsome with the most spectacular Greek accent---"

Her eyes glazed over as Mairi started to fantasize about how her first encounter with her future Greek billionaire husband would play out. A happy-crazy grin flitted over her lips as she exclaimed excitedly without thinking, "Yay me!"

Mandy and Velvet burst into laughter.

Oh, drat. She had taken the bait. Again!

Clutching her sides, Mandy gasped, "You are way too cute!"

Velvet waved imaginary pom-poms in the air. "Yay for Mairi finally getting to meet her first Greek billionaire!"

"Ha-ha. I know you guys are just making fun of me," Mairi grumbled even though she couldn't help sighing dreamily. She was that happy. And excited. And nervous. Today was the day she had been waiting for most of her life. The thought of meeting him was more than enough to have her silently gasping for breath.

Mandy snapped her fingers in front of Mairi's face. "Your head's in the clouds again!"

She answered almost proudly, "Yes."

Velvet groaned. "You are the silliest gold digger I've ever met!"

Mairi didn't bother answering, being used to Velvet's rather twisted sense of humor. The worse her insults were, the more deeply she cared about that person.

"How do I look?" Mairi nervously smoothed out non-existent creases on the ankle length skirt of her daisy yellow dress. It was loose and high-waisted, just the way she needed it to hide her dreadfully generous curves.

"Sexy enough to eat." Velvet snickered.

The answer had her gasping. "Velvet!"

"Oh, hush! Greek guys are very passionate. You should know that by now. So if you're serious about nabbing yourself a Greek billionaire, you should be ready to let go of more than a few of your sexual inhibitions."

Mairi couldn't help but snort. "Like I'm going to take an advice from another virgin."

"At least I already had my first kiss," Mandy retorted.

She opened and closed her mouth. Mandy had a point, darn it.

"Sssh," Velvet suddenly said under her breath. "Mairi's bitchy supervisor is heading this way."

Following Velvet's gaze, Mairi realized with a sinking heart that Charity Fallon, the English rose who headed the school's language department, was indeed walking towards her. What had she done this time, Mairi wondered uneasily. In the almost seven weeks that she had been teaching in GAYL, there wasn't ever a day that the older woman hadn't found something to sweetly berate her for.

Rose Thorn, the school's headmistress, suddenly rushed past them, calling out, "Places, everyone!"

Mairi caught sight of Charity freezing at Rose's words. Since she was one of the department heads, Charity was supposed to be in the frontlines and yet here she was, almost at the very back.

Rose clapped her hands twice. "Music!" On cue, the live orchestra inside the school started playing Beethoven in the background.

Charity recovered and hurriedly squeezed herself in between Mairi and Velvet.

Velvet leaned back far enough for Charity not to see her and rolled her eyes at Mairi as she mouthed, 'I hate this little shit'.

Mairi choked. She was not going to laugh. Oh Greek gods, wherever you are, please do not let her laugh.

Around her, the silence had deepened while blank and professional expressions settled on the other teachers' faces. Rose had divided the faculty into two groups, with the academic staff lined on one side while the extracurricular and administrative staff was at the opposite side. Each of them occupied every step of the majestic staircase leading to the school's entrance.

To an outsider, they probably looked like stage cast members doing their best to set up a la-di-dah party scene. Unfortunately, the reason was a lot more mundane than that.

Today was Parent Teacher Consultation Day, and in GAYL it meant having to prove to parents that the school's six-digit tuition charges were not for nothing.

"Are you nervous?" Charity whispered to Mairi.

She had to think really hard how to answer that one. The right answer should be no, but Charity sounded like she would rather hear Mairi say 'yes'.

Don't say yes. Velvet shook her head with a warning glare. She was always after Mairi to be more assertive.

But Mairi still heard herself saying, "A little?" She just couldn't make herself start a fight - even if it was warranted.

"Awww." Charity sounded terribly sad, but there was a gleam of unholy glee in her eyes.

Behind Charity, Velvet made a circular motion next to her ear. Psycho, her friend mouthed.

Mairi choked.

"Oh! Are you okay?"

"I'm, umm---"

Charity shut her down sweetly. "I hope you're not coming down with anything, Mairi."

Darn it. Charity's oxymoron ways were just too confusing. She said weakly, "I'm not?" At Charity's scowl, Mairi said hastily, "I mean, I might be?"

"Aww." This time, Charity smiled.

The sight of it just made her head hurt worse. Charity's smile had always been like this, half-friendly and half-nasty. Mairi had tried several times to replicate it without any success, tempting her to write to the Guinness Book of Records to report the phenomenon. And if Guinness didn't want it, well, there was always Ripley's.

"I know this is your first PTC so I totally understand if you're nervous."

Oh, how sweet. Charity seemed honestly concerned about her this time. Mairi began, "I'm actually---"

Again, the other woman cut her off with a pretty smile. "That's why I thought you should stick to taking care of the girls in Class E and I'll take care of those in Class A. I'm just concerned you won't be able to cope with it. Class A parents can be so demanding."

Velvet was exhaling loudly. Sucker, she mouthed when Mairi looked at her.

Mairi sighed. Drat it, Velvet was right. She had played the sucker. Again.

There she was, thinking Charity had finally discovered her nice streak. But instead all Charity cared about was making herself look good in the parents' eyes. Class A girls had the highest marks in English while most of the students in Class E, which Mairi had taken over when another teacher quit mid-semester, had some of the lowest grades in their year.

Charity gave Mairi another one of her unique smiles, but this time she wasn't as dazzled. "You understand, don't you?"

Mairi squared her shoulders. "Well, I---"

"As you should know, most Greek parents prefer their children to be taught English by the British. And especially when they come with degrees from schools like Cambridge, where I took my masters---" With every word that came out of Charity's mouth, her British accent became more and more obvious. It was really weird, the way the other teacher only sounded like Queen Elizabeth when she mentioned she was from Cambridge or that she needed to-mah-toes in her omelet.

Mandy was frowning hard at the ground. Mairi knew that look. It meant her friend was this close to laughing her head off. Behind Charity, Velvet was already doubled over, having long perfected the art of noiseless laughter.

Charity patted her sleekly styled hair, which curled becomingly against the expansive cle**age her strapless dress exposed. "Don't take it personally, though. It's just that they prefer their daughters to learn from those who really speak English."

Mairi could only blink. What the heck did that even mean? That American English was some kind of fake version of English?

"So..." Charity looked at her expectantly. "We're all agreed then?"

Before Mairi could answer, Rose twisted around to frown at all of them as she hissed from the bottom of the stairs, "They're coming!" She made the students' parents sound like a huge wave of zombies out to get them.

And so they came, indeed walking as slowly as a blushing bride who was about to go down the aisle. Since her Aunt Vilma was Hollywood's favorite divorce lawyer, Mairi had been exposed early to the rich and famous. But even after all these years, she still couldn't get over the air of privilege and entitlement these people had. They walked, talked, and acted like the rest of humanity was lucky to breathe the same air they did.

Rose greeted the first batch of parents and guardians with courteous charm, her soft but well-modulated voice setting the tone for the rest of the day.

Don't look at them in the eye for too long.

Don't call them by their first names - even if they invite you to.

Don't let them know their daughter is not the most beautiful, smartest, and kindest person on earth.

Jaw aching with the effort to remain smiling, Mairi greeted every parent and guardian that came her way, relying on Rose's script to make sure she didn't inadvertently become anyone's worst enemy. After all, the Greeks were notoriously good at holding grudges.

But as morning turned to noon her hopes started to fade. And when the lady attendants started to close the school's doors, the last of Mairi's hopes crumbled to dust.

She had followed all the rules, darn it. She had gone over every "bedtime story" Aunt Norah and Aunt Vilma had told her when she was a kid and she applied what she could. Against all odds, Mairi had managed to make her way to Greece, obtain employment in one of the finest international schools in the country, and with it Mairi had conquered Step 1.

She had successfully placed herself in a Greek billionaire's line of sight.

So where was he?

By the time lunch break came around, Mairi was more than ready to have some time off and get away from all the noise. Who would have thought PTC would be this horrible? Nothing - not even after listening to the older teachers' countless horror stories about it - had prepared her for the sheer torture of having to tactfully explain red marks to Greece's creme de la creme.

"I don't understand how she flunked her English test," a parent had protested earlier. "I see my baby reading all the time!"

That's great. I see that too, but text messages don't count! That was what she wanted to say but couldn't. Instead, Mairi had summoned one of the canned responses from Rose's script, murmuring her agreement and telling the mother she believed that her daughter's turn to shine might come next term.

The memory of the episode made Mairi shake her head tiredly and she hurried to one of the balconies on the third floor, needing a breath of fresh air to help relieve her stress. Throwing its doors open, she slipped out and closed her eyes with a sigh, soaking in the rays of the Greek sun and savoring the way the weather's now familiar warmth relaxed her.

From below, a sea breeze blew close, making her hair whip against her back. She inhaled the scent of the sea with another sigh before opening her eyes. The view beyond the school's walls beckoned and she leaned forward happily, settling her elbows on the marbled top of the balustrade.

Situated on top of a towering cliff, GAYL boasted of idyllic views of a tropical paradise, a sight Mairi knew she would never grow weary of. It was located right in the center of Oneroi, which translated to 'dreams' in English. That literally made Mairi a resident of a place called the Island of Dreams, and it was aptly named with its turquoise waters and white powder-fine sandy beaches, along with the emerald hills in the south and the glittery resort town up north.

The sound of lapping waves was like a lullaby, and Mairi let out a big yawn.

"Ms. Yay?"

She immediately snapped to attention, feeling guilty for being caught yawning as she turned around. Mairi sighed with relief when she saw that it was one of her Class E students and not Charity. The other woman had a tendency to snoop around in hopes of catching one of her teachers violating any of Rose's gazillion rules.

"Hello, Diana," Mairi said cheerfully, gesturing for the younger girl to join her on one of the rattan benches nearby.

After a moment's hesitation, Diana came forward and lowered herself on the padded bench. Dark haired and doe-eyed, the young girl was like the huntress goddess come to life, only this time Diana's vibrant loveliness hid a very shy nature.

But shy really wasn't the right word to describe Diana, Mairi thought with a pang. If she had to be honest, Mairi would have described the fifteen year old as insecure. It was a painful sight, seeing how someone as pretty, smart, and wealthy as Diana Leventis could be so lacking in self-esteem.

Since she had started teaching in GAYL, Mairi had made it her personal goal to make Diana more confident. Hoping to make the girl more comfortable, Mairi said with mock severity, "You must stop calling me that, you know."

The younger girl visibly relaxed at the light-hearted subject, even saying teasingly, "But Ms. Yay---"

Mairi groaned. "You girls are bullies! Will you never let me forget about that? I was just really happy to start teaching in Greece!"

Diana's profile became visibly less tense even as she remained seated with a straight back. "I don't think anyone of us will forget it, Miss."

The fond look on the girl's face made Mairi wince. She knew Diana was recalling every embarrassing second of that incident.

Diana started to giggle. "Oh, Miss. I can remember every moment---"

"Please don't." But it was useless since Mairi's brain had also started to recall the incident - every embarrassing second of it.

It had been her first day to teach in GAYL and Rose had made a huge deal out of it, taking the time to introduce Mairi to the entire student body during the morning ceremony. Rose had boasted about Mairi being the author of a bestselling phrasebook on Amazon and raved about her fluency in several languages as well as her ability to read hieroglyphics.

"And so without further ado, I present to you Ms. Mairi Tanner, the most eloquent individual you would probably ever meet in your life."

Rose had then gestured for her to ascend to the stage and she had done so with quaking knees, her underarms perspiring at the sight of over a thousand students gazing at her expectantly.

A microphone had then been thrust into her hands.

Rose had nodded at her encouragingly.

Stage fright kicked in, followed by mental block, and as the silence extended, Mairi whispered weakly in the microphone, "Yay me?"

It took over a second for the students to recover from their shock before they all laughed good-naturedly and gave her a standing ovation. She had been nicknamed Ms. Yay after that.

Wincing at the memory, Mairi smacked her own forehead. "That was seriously the most embarrassing moment of my life."

Diana giggled even more.

"It's not that funny," Mairi grumbled.

"It is. But in a good way, Ms. Yay."

"Hmph," was all she said, which for some reason made Diana laugh harder.

When the girl's laughter died down, Mairi asked very casually, "Has your family arrived?" From what little Diana had confided to her in the past, Mairi had pieced enough of the girl's history to realize that Diana felt terribly neglected by her widowed mother.

Diana shook her head, her silky ebony hair swaying against her school jacket as she did. "Mother is too busy for something like this." She spoke with perfect English - too perfectly, in her opinion. It was strange, but Mairi had a feeling that getting Diana to say 'yeah' rather than 'yes' would be one of her biggest accomplishments in her teaching career.

"And your brother?" she prompted. Not much was written about Diana's only sibling, Damen Leventis, but then again he was a Greek billionaire who owned one of the largest media empires in the world. If he wanted the paparazzi to shut up about him, then it would.

Mairi had briefly toyed with the idea about Diana's brother being the one she was meant to live happily ever after with, but the more she got to know her student, the more Mairi was convinced that the Greek billionaire might be too cold and stuck-up for her liking. Her brother had to be the world's most heartless individual if he didn't appreciate how sweet Diana was.

Diana said unhappily, "My brother might not come even though he promised. He may suddenly be busy, too."

"I'm sure that's not the case," Mairi lied even though she secretly feared the same. Velvet would warn her against giving students false hope, but she couldn't help it. For Mairi, it wasn't false. There was always hope. It was that simple.

At Diana's noncommittal shrug, she suggested, "He could be caught in traffic."

"My brother does not like to ride in cars much. He'll probably sail or fly here."

"Then maybe his, umm, yacht or private jet's caught in traffic?"

Diana choked.

She protested half-indignantly, "That could happen, right? Haven't you ever watched The Jetsons---" At Diana's blank look, Mairi realized the girl was too young to know about the rather old school animation series. "Never mind."

Diana shook her head. "You are so funny, Ms. Yay."

"Seriously, stop that. You know Ms. Thorn doesn't like it when students give teachers nicknames."

Diana said shyly, "I really like you, Ms. Tanner. You are so optimistic."

Mairi gave her student a mock scowl. "And you are so going to get an F on your next test. You totally said that like you meant to say I'm naive!"

"If the shoe fits," Diana retorted, a grin tugging at her lips.

Her eyes narrowed. "Oh, so that's how it's going to be? You're not even going to take it back?"

"Ms. Tanner, I like you being, umm, optimistic. It is better than being sad or cynical."

"Exactly," a voice behind them said.

Mairi twisted around, surprised at the unexpected intrusion of a dark Greek-sounding voice.

"You made it!" Diana was on her feet in an instant, lovely face glowing as she threw her arms around---

Oxygen was suddenly trapped somewhere between her diaphragm and throat - all Mairi knew was that she couldn't breathe.

Coal black hair, silvery gray eyes, and a face so beautiful it was as if Michelangelo had descended from the heavens just to carve this being to perfection.

Gorgeous wasn't enough to describe him. He was also the sexiest and most devastatingly sophisticated man Mairi had ever seen, her mouth drying at the way his exquisite midnight blue suit emphasized every inch of his lean muscular hardness. She liked how he was built more like a kickboxer than a wrestler. It made her imagine how he'd be lethally sexy even when he was kicking ass.

All in all, he was everything she had ever dreamed her Greek billionaire would be and the realization made her fingers curl tightly against her skirt. She was doing her best not to fling her arms around him and demand that he kiss her so she could know right this very moment if he was...the one.

Over the top of Diana's head, their eyes met.

Oh. My.

Mairi blinked several times, trying to make sense of what she was seeing. Her madly beating heart threatened to pop right out of her chest, which didn't help with her light-headedness at seeing this Greek god, but she did her best to think logically. Surely she hadn't read that right? Surely Diana's brother couldn't be looking at her as if---

Hello. Look at me. I want to f**k you.

He smiled slowly, and it was like a seductive gift being unwrapped for Mairi's benefit. With that sensual smile, the message in those piercing gray eyes became even more demanding.

I WANT TO FUCK YOU.

Oh, oh, oh my.

Her Greek billionaire was so...bad.

Lesson 2

To catch a Greek billionaire, you must make him want to catch you.

He said: My love, if memory doesn't fail me, I had no choice but to catch you since you were about to fall flat on your face.

She said: Note to editor - please delete his comment. I'll think of something else for this part.

Damen Leventis had finally found the next woman he wanted to warm his bed.

He didn't know her name, didn't know anything about her, but it didn't matter. She intrigued him - everything about this woman fascinated Damen ever since he had unintentionally walked in on her conversation with his sister.

Having found them by using the GPS he had installed in Diana's bracelet, Damen had been about to announce his presence when the woman's earnestly spoken words arrested him. And like his sister, the woman's views had completely delighted him.

Traffic in the skies and seas. Officers sky-gliding and jetskiing to monitor movement.

And when he had seen her -

Perfection.

Her face was bare of makeup, her dark brown hair held neatly back with a simple lace band. She wore a loose yellow dress, and he had a feeling it was meant to hide her bountiful curves. It was a stupid idea, and Damen was determined to make her realize that her body was beautiful just the way it was the moment he had her all to himself.

Even as he embraced Diana, Damen kept his gaze on the woman, letting her know without any doubt that it would be his absolute pleasure to teach her the wonders of sinning with him - and only with him.

As Diana's brother released her with softly murmured words in Greek, his intensely heated gaze refocused on Mairi, causing a flurry of heat to rush through her body. It centered on her most private part, making her flustered as she tried to press her thighs close together under her dress.

Satisfaction coursed through Damen at the pinkness coloring the woman's cheeks. Did she know what she was doing right this very moment? Did she know how those little glances of hers, the way she blushed, the way her body trembled - did she know that all of it was communicating her response to his command?

Mairi finally managed to tear her gaze off Damen Leventis. She had no choice. If she didn't, she would die from lack of oxygen. She pressed her thighs tightly together. Oh dear. She was too...wet. This sort of thing happened all the time to her favorite heroines the first time they had met their Greek billionaires, but Mairi hadn't expected the very same thing to happen to her.

So this...was a good thing. Right?

When both Leventis siblings reached her, Mairi tried not to stiffen when Diana's brother chose to stand next to her. His nearness made her body react even more strongly to his presence, and she prayed to all the Greek gods who were awake that her panties would not end up leaking. She was too wet. Impossibly so. Was this really happening?

Diana was all smiles now. "Damen, here is someone I am excited for you to meet. She is my English teacher, Ms. Yay."

One dark brow lifted at the words, and Mairi cringed.

"Ms. Yay?" His tone was lazily amused, his gaze still scorching hot. But when Diana giggled, his gaze immediately snapped towards his sister.

Oh.

Mairi's heart contracted at the look in Damen Leventis' eyes. He cared about his sister. Whatever had made Diana insecure, it wasn't because of Damen. It was clear that he loved his sister and that he didn't care if the whole world knew it.

When he looked back at Mairi, she gave him a sunny smile. All she could think about was at least Diana had someone in her corner when she was at home. Even if Diana's mother did turn out to be as bad as the young girl had let on, at least she had her brother.

We have to talk about her issues later, Mairi thought, momentarily forgetting all about the sexual tension between her and Damen as her mind focused on Diana. Her brother had to be informed about---

"Ms. Yay?"

Oh drat! She had zoned out in the middle of their conversation. "I'm sorry," she stammered. "I was thinking about your brother---"

Diana's eyes widened.

Mairi let out a silent gasp of horror when she realized how her words could be misunderstood.

Without missing a beat, Damen murmured, "I'm immensely flattered---"

"It's not like you think!" Mairi could feel herself reddening even more as Damen Leventis' gaze settled back on her. "I was thinking about Diana and her excellent progress in school and how I could best sum everything up."

The sincerity in the woman's voice gave him pause. She really did care about his sister, Damen realized with surprise. And that, he thought, could be a...complication. She had all the makings of becoming the diversion Damen needed after the nasty falling-out he had with his ex-mistress.

But once he tired of her - and Damen knew he would tire of her eventually - would ending their arrangement affect Damen's relationship with his sister?

He glanced at his sister. "Why do you call her Ms. Yay?" He asked the question lightly, not wanting both women to know he was using it to gauge how close the two of them were to each other.

"Well..." Diana's gaze was impish as she sought Mairi's.

Mairi slowly ran a finger horizontally across her neck as Diana spoke, hinting of the girl's impending doom and likely murder if she continued this story.

Damen Leventis' gaze suddenly swung back towards Mairi and she quickly let her arms fall to her sides. Then she looked at him innocently.

His lips thinned, but amusement shone in his gaze.

Oh drat! He was doing his best not to laugh at her! Worse, he had probably seen Mairi threaten his sister's life. Drat, drat, drat. Should she be grateful the man wasn't reporting her to Social Services at this point?

"I think it's better if Ms. Ya---I mean Ms. Tanner tell you about it instead," Diana finally answered with impressive diplomacy. "Anyway, her real name is Mairi Tanner, Damen. And Ms. Tanner, I'm so pleased that you can finally meet my brother Damen Leventis."

A smile curving on his lips briefly melted the cold perfection of his face. A jolt of awareness shot through Mairi's body, reminding her explicitly that while this man had the polished perfection of a sculpture, he was anything but inanimate. Damen Leventis was one live hot-blooded male, and just the way he looked at Mairi was more than enough to make her feel like hyperventilating.

Mairi offered her hand per the headmistress' dos and don'ts - never let the rich patrons offer their hands first.

Damen took it, savoring the softness, letting his fingers drift on the back of her hand in a caress.

Mairi gasped at the intimacy of the man's touch and immediately snatched her hand away.

"It's a pleasure to meet you, Ms. Tanner," Damen purred, and his words served to disconcert her even more, exactly the way he planned. He liked seeing how he affected Diana's deliciously curvy teacher. The way she blushed and gazed at him with shy fascination was too f**king sexy by half, and it made his c**k swell under his pants.

"It's a pleasure to meet you as well, sir." Mairi's voice sounded even more strained to her ears this time, with her senses all in a riot. She struggled to keep calm, telling herself that she wasn't 100% sure yet that Damen Leventis really was the one she was meant to fall in love with. For all she knew, all this was simply the typical knee-jerk reaction a woman had when meeting her first Greek billionaire.

Damen was talking again. "---so I apologize if I accidentally eavesdropped on your conversation earlier."

When he paused as if waiting for her to answer, Mairi could only smile weakly, her mind still scrambling to recall exactly what she had said earlier. The words 'Greek god' had occurred to her several times at the sight of him, but she hadn't mentioned that out loud --- right?

Damen continued, "Like Diana, I find your, err, positive outlook of life quite remarkable."

Mairi looked at him suspiciously. The Leventis siblings appeared to have a really big chip on their shoulders when it came to optimism. They made it sound like a dirty word.

"She's the nicest girl you'll ever meet, Damen," Diana added.

"Diana!" Mairi could have groaned in frustration. The way her student described her, it sounded like she had SUCKER written all over her.

"A nice girl, mm?"

Everything that could quiver in her body did quiver at the way he said the words. It was as if he was subtly challenging her to prove to him that she wasn't always a nice girl - with him. And oh, oh dear! That gaze of his! Mairi's eyes flitted towards Diana in panic, but the younger girl appeared entirely unaware that her own brother was doing his best to seduce her with his eyes - and it was working!

Her mind shut down, panic setting in completely. What if Damen Leventis was the one? What if he was not the one? Oh God, she was so confused! She needed a moment to herself, needed a moment to think, preferably with a drier pair of panties.

Mairi looked down, pretending to check the time on her watch. She squeaked out, "Gosh, look at the time. I need to get back to the conference---"

"Perfect," Damen agreed smoothly. Something was suddenly wrong. He felt his beautiful quarry deliberately trying to shut him out. No woman had ever tried to shut him out before, and that this woman was doing so made Damen cynically wonder if it was simply a ploy to make him more interested in her.

He nodded to Diana, his voice commanding as he said, "Lead the way, Diana. I would like to speak with your teacher in private."

The word 'private' made Mairi's head shoot up. "I don't think---"

Diana made a face. "Don't bully her."

"I do not bully," Damen answered in a cool voice. "Now go ahead and lead us."

Mairi looked at Diana, begging the girl not to leave her alone with Damen. But all the girl did was shrug and say apologetically, "I'm sorry, Ms. Yay. He's the boss, you know."

Mairi would have believed her student was sincerely apologetic if not for the mischievous grin on Diana's face. If she wasn't mistaken, Diana had the look of someone who was trying to play matchmaker. That would have been cool - later. Right now? With Mairi in full panic mode?

"Traitor," Mairi muttered under her breath as Diana left her alone with her brother.

"Pardon?"

Mairi cleared her throat. "I, umm, said, 'till later' to your sister." She started walking as briskly as she could, following Diana to the stairs. Unfortunately, it was ridiculously easy for Damen Leventis' long-legged strides to keep pace with her.

"Are you trying to run away from me, Ms. Tanner?" Dark amusement underlined his voice.

She blinked rapidly at him as if utterly confused. "Who? Me? Why would I?"

He smirked.

Drat. That was such a sexy look on Damen Leventis. She had to look away or she'd start to drool.

"I hope you are not mad with my sister, Ms. Tanner."

"I'm not." She meant it.

"If I were to be truthful, I am amazed at her transformation. When I overheard her talking to you - she is never like that at home, Ms. Tanner."

Damen's voice was sincere, even humbled, and her panic receded a little at the sound of it. She started to answer, but by then they had to start weaving their way through the scores of parents crowding the hall leading to the conference room. Almost everyone they walked past was keen to greet Damen, with the men either exuberant or deferential while the women were blatantly appreciative.

It enthralled and repelled her at the same time, with a good amount of jealousy mixed in, the way the women's eyes, tipped with heavy fake lashes, blatantly ogled every inch of Damen Leventis' body.

She honestly wanted to do the same thing. Damen was worth staring at, after all, but her inhibitions kept her from doing so.

Diana turned at the corner of the hallway and they followed suit. More people called out to Damen, who only nodded in acknowledgment, his expression aloof. It unnerved Mairi, the way even the wealthiest-looking people around them appeared almost obsequious as they courted his attention...which was still solely focused on her.

"She is doing well in school, Ms. Tanner? Please be honest with me."

Mairi relaxed at the realization that they were still talking about Diana, which was a completely safe subject and unlikely to make her imagine more lustful thoughts about the hot, hot, hot man walking next to her. "Diana is doing better and better each day, Mr. Leventis. It takes your sister longer than usual to...relax and be herself but when she does, I've seen for myself that she is a well-adjusted child."

She paused, trying to choose her next words with care, mindful of how the majority of the headmistress' dos and don'ts dealt with never acknowledging the school's patrons are less than perfect.

"Your sister looks up to you, Mr. Leventis. I was happy to see that you two appear to have a close relationship. As long as you continue giving her the time and attention she needs, she will be fine."

Mairi waited, hoping Diana's brother would give in and talk more about Diana's situation at home. But all he eventually did was nod and murmur noncommittally, "I will always do my best to support my sister."

Oh well. Maybe she really was the only person who always took the first bait offered.

Changing the subject to prevent any awkwardness between them, Mairi started talking about how Diana was doing in her class.

Damen listened intently but had to cough once or twice, mainly to cover the unexpected chuckle that threatened to escape him. Mairi Tanner was acting like a proud mother hen, and it was even more amusing considering how her freshly scrubbed looks didn't make her look much older than his sister.

Looking at her, all Damen could wonder was if she would still be able to maintain that innocent smile when he finally had her in his bed and made her come with his mouth.

When she stopped talking, Damen asked abruptly, "Is there anything else I should know? Any subjects she has difficulty handling?"

"You would have to ask the other professors about that, Mr. Leventis, but as far as I know she is doing very well across the board." Mairi did her very best not to sound boastful, but honestly - she wanted to boast. Diana was one of the Class E girls, and Mairi liked to think she had played a hand in helping Diana find her academic footing in school.

Mairi's Ms. Sunshine look on her face only made Damen's c**k ache even more painfully.

Striving to keep his tone level even though all he wanted was to growl at Mairi to get down on her knees and have his c**k in her mouth, Damen asked, "Then there is nothing else to discuss?"

"Nothing---"

"Good. We can concentrate on us then." This time, Damen did not bother to conceal the strength of his desire. "I want you in my bed, Ms. Tanner."

Mairi stumbled, but he was quick to catch her, his hand cupping her elbow.

With both of them bent halfway down, Damen moved closer, enough for his softly voiced words to caress her ear. "May I make love to you tonight?"

He expected her to pretend surprise, indignation, or maybe play coy - the last being the most unattractive but still not enough to dissuade him from taking her. He already wanted this woman too much to give up right now, even if she turned out to be a gold digger like everyone else.

But instead, she looked at him with wonder on her face.

Damen stilled.

Mairi's head was whirling. Had she heard him correctly? Had he really said he wanted to love her tonight? Was this it then? Was he wondering if she was the one for him as well?

"You feel it too?" she whispered.

For a moment, Damen was perplexed as to why Mairi had to question his lust for her. Was it not enough for her that he was doing his best not to undress her with his gaze? Seeing her still looking at him like he was f**king Superman with a huge dick, Damen finally decided just to go along with it.

Maybe she wasn't as innocent as he had thought. Maybe this was one of her little tricks, meant to make Damen desire her even more.

He said huskily, "I f**king feel it hard."

She shivered.

Ah, f**k. It may really be one of her tricks. Only the most experienced woman could have guessed how that little shiver would make Damen struggle for self-control, trying his damnedest not to pre-ejaculate like a damn teenager.

"Tonight then?" he whispered as he slowly helped her up.

She swallowed.

Damen's nostrils flared. "When you swallow like that, Ms. Tanner..."

His harsh tone confused her. "Wh-what's wrong?"

"You make me imagine how you would look like, swallowing my cum, your mouth loving my cock."

Never had anyone said such words to her. Never had she thought she would meet a man who could say something like that with a serious face and not make her run the other way, thinking she had just come across a maniac. And never, oh dear, never did she think a man she had just met, saying such words to her, would make Mairi feel like she was drowning in need.

For a man's body.

For him.

For the Greek billionaire she had always dreamt to meet, fall in love with, and live happily ever after with.

There was a very soft look on Mairi's beautiful face. It was a look that mesmerized and made Damen wary at the same time. Conscious of how they were attracting a lot of attention, he stepped back to put some distance between them and said carefully, "Ms. Tanner?"

"I love you." The words just came out and then she turned around and floated away.

For the first time in his life, Damen Leventis was left gaping and speechless.

Had he just heard her say---

And then he saw where she was heading. "Ms. Tanner, wait!"

She looked at him over her shoulder with a still-vague look on her face. "Huh?" She turned around but it was too late.

Bam.

Lesson 3

To catch a Greek billionaire, he must first be made aware of how desirable you are.

She said: Being desirable means being your own woman, being true to yourself---

He said: Again, you overcomplicate things. The f**k of the matter is---

She said: The FUCK of the matter?

He said: Yes. The f**k of the matter is, you had me by the balls when I realized other men found you desirable...and worse - that they could steal you away from me.

There really are birds. Mairi dizzily counted them as she swayed a little on her feet, mind rattled by the impact of hitting the heavy metal doors of the conference room on her way in.

Are you okay? That sounded like Diana.

I'm calling a doctor. That seemed to be Damen Leventis, and he did not sound happy.

Everyone, please settle down. Everything is all right. That was definitely Rose Thorn, and she did not sound happy either.

The voices reached her like distant echoes. Mairi couldn't really pay attention to them. She was still counting the number of chirping yellow birds flying around her head.

"Ms. Tanner, are you okay?" Snap. Snap.

Her gaze gradually cleared. The first thing she saw was Damen. A smile curved on her lips. "Hi." Her voice sounded a little drunk even to her ears, but Mairi couldn't help it. She felt like she had just been woken up by her prince - oh, wait, no, she had been woken up by the Greek billionaire of her dreams.

Velvet and Mandy were both on their knees next to Mairi, and they exchanged looks at their friend's faraway tone. Mandy looked at Rose Thorn, who was frowning suspiciously while Velvet stole a look at Charity, who was scowling.

If Rose Thorn found out about Mairi's little secret "dream', she would be fired. And if Charity found out about Mairi's interest in the Greek billionaire, the bitch would likely create a situation to have Mairi fired.

One way or another, if they didn't do anything now, Mairi was totally screwed.

They made a snap decision.

"Up you go, Mairi," Mandy said briskly, pulling her friend up and not-so-subtly pushing Damen Leventis away.

"We'll take care of her, Ms. Thorn. Please don't worry about her," Velvet was saying at the same time, using her h*ps to push Charity out of the picture. But unlike Mandy, she did not bother trying to be subtle about it.

Before anyone could react, Mandy and Velvet had quickly gotten their friend past the crowd and inside the closest washroom. By the time they were inside, Mairi had started to recover from her little bump. She also started to remember what she had let slip.

A long moan escaped her. "Oh my God."

Velvet jumped at the sound, which was eerily close to how a dying person probably sounded like. "What is it?"

Mairi was completely pale now. "I...I..."

Mandy was tempted to shake her friend. "What?"

She squeezed her eyes shut. "I...umm...said I love him?"

SILENCE.

And then---

Laughter.

The kind that had her friends doubling over, bodies shaking, clutching their sides, the sound of their loud laughter bouncing off the walls.

Completely recovered now, Mairi scowled. "Way to be supportive, you guys."

Velvet managed to get her mirth under control long enough to say, "Yay you!" She and Mandy burst into a fresh round of laughter.

Mairi gritted her teeth. "This is not a laughing matter! What if I scared him away? What if he thinks I'm a psycho? What if...what if he doesn't want me anymore?" She ended up wailing the last words.

Damen Leventis was the Greek billionaire she had been waiting forever for. She was sure of it. Fate, instinct, a message from the Greek gods - Mairi just knew.

The problem was - did he really know that she was the one for him, too?

STOP MOPING AROUND.

Mairi stared grumpily at Mandy's text message. Easier said than done, she thought. How could she not mope around when Damen Leventis had been MIA for an hour now? Maybe she really had scared him off.

"Kalimera."

Mairi started, cheeks flushed with guilt as she realized there were people sitting across her and she hadn't even noticed. The first one she noticed was Katya, a statuesque and perky brunette who was also one of her favorite students from Class E. Seated next to Katya was yet another tall, dark, and handsome Greek with wickedly gleaming green eyes.

Her mind automatically went through her mental database of Greek billionaires, and in the next second she identified the man as Ioniko Vlahos. He was in his late twenties, better known as one of the most famous playboys in the continent, and another heir to a shipping fortune.

Also just as automatically, her mind compared him to Damen Leventis, who was older since he was already in his mid-thirties. And a lot sexier and gorgeous too, Mairi thought wistfully. There was something about Damen, with the way he spoke and looked at her---

"She's always like that."

Katya's words, spoken fondly, had Mairi crashing back down to earth. Oh dear God! She had zoned out again! If Rose had caught her this time, she would be lucky if she still had a job the next day.

Ioniko was smiling devilishly. "Is she now?"

Mairi flushed. "I'm sorry. I'm just really, really sorry."

"It's fine. I understand you were in an accident earlier?"

"Umm, yes." She offered her hand. "I'm Katya's English teacher, Ms. Tanner."

"A pleasure." But instead of shaking her hand, Ioniko brought it to his lips instead.

Mairi quickly withdrew her hand with a gasp.

Katya was frowning. "Ioniko!" She spoke to him rapidly in Greek.

A frown slowly formed on her brother's forehead as well. When he looked at Mairi, his face was impassive as he said, "I apologize for being too forward. It will not happen again."

"I told him stuff like that is not allowed in school or you'd get fired," Katya assured her. She turned to her brother with an unhappy look. "I'm just sorry I didn't warn him earlier, Ms. Tanner. And please don't take him seriously. He flirts with women all the time."

Ioniko said mildly, "You have it the other way around, darling. Women flirt with me all the time. I flirt only with the ones I like."

Mairi coughed at the innuendo. Deciding it was time to change the subject, she said quickly, "Mr. Vlahos, Katya is one of the top students in my class - or rather, in her entire year actually."

Ioniko raised a brow. "It must be because of you. Her English used to be appalling."

"It is," Katya agreed cheerfully. "English was terribly boring when I was in the other teacher's class last year."

Mairi cringed at the indirect reference to Charity. "Sssh!"

Katya shrugged. "It's true, though."

She half-begged, half-scolded, "Katya, please. You're going to get me in trouble."

"But it's bad to lie. And I really mean it! When Ms. Fal---"

"Fall is glorious in Greece, isn't it?" Mairi cut her student off desperately. Charity Fallon was only seated one desk away, and she had no intentions of getting in a fight with the other woman for no good reason.

Both brother and sister looked at her as if questioning her sanity. After all, Greece was not a four-season country.

Ignoring their looks, Mairi took Katya's packet out of the drawer and handed it to Ioniko. "Please sign the release form, then you can take everything home with you, Mr. Vlahos."

"Thank you." Ioniko signed it swiftly, but upon returning the form he suddenly caught hold of her wrist.

Mairi tried to very subtly tug her wrist away, but he was not letting go. A tingling started at the base of her spine, and she turned her head around, heart thumping against her chest.

Her eyes locked with Damen Leventis unerringly, almost as if she instinctively knew where to find him. His gaze was unreadable, his face a mask of indifference.

But for some reason, Mairi was a hundred percent certain her Greek billionaire was anything but indifferent.

Warm fingers squeezed her wrist, and she quickly pulled her gaze away from Damen, gulping when she saw that Ioniko Vlahos was looking at her with a sensual glitter in his eyes. Butterfly wings fluttered faintly in her stomach, but this time Mairi was almost sure it was only because Ioniko was a gorgeous Greek billionaire - the stuff her dreams were made of.

But he was not the one.

This time, Mairi determinedly pulled her hand away, leaving Katya's brother no choice but to let her go. "They say you speak German?"

It startled her, hearing Ioniko speak the words in the very language he was asking about. She automatically answered in the same language. "Yes."

Ioniko smiled. "That's perfect."

She asked warily, "Perfect?"

His little sister's teacher was without a doubt one of a kind. She had an innocence to her that almost made him think of her as his little sister. Almost - but not quite. Those magnificent br**sts of hers, something which was sadly lacking in virtually every woman in his circle nowadays - they were abundant enough to make a grown man weep, and certainly those br**sts made it impossible for Ioniko to think of Ms. Mairi Tanner as anything other than the next woman he wanted to taste.

It was a pity that she was an innocent, but that would not stop him from doing his best to seduce her. He wanted her, plain and simple, and he always got what he wanted.

And so he said frankly, "It's perfect because this way I will not set tongues wagging when I ask you out."

Mairi sputtered.

His lips twitched. It was Ioniko's first time to have a woman speechless in such an unattractive way after being asked out by him. "And so, my darling little Mairi, are you free to join me for dinner tonight?"

She still did not answer.

Ioniko leaned back against his chair. "Please do not pretend to be surprised, Ms. Tanner. You should know with just one look that I found you enthralling from the very start."

Mairi slowly shook her head, having a hard time understanding that something like this was happening. Oh, no, no, no. She squared her shoulders with a frown. Actually, she was not going to let this happen. In all the bedtime stories her aunts told her, a love triangle always ended up breaking everyone's hearts and she so did not want that in her own love story.

When Mairi Tanner looked at him, Ioniko was startled to see a fierce look in her lovely eyes. It was almost as if she was preparing herself for a battle, and yet all he had done was ask her out.

And then she spoke in German, her voice earnest.

"Mr. Vlahos, you are a very handsome man."

Ioniko did his best not to reveal his astonishment. He had expected her to say anything but that.

"But I have to decline because---" Mairi paused. "I...I..." Velvet would tell her to lie now. Mandy, being practical, would probably tell her the same thing. But...it just wasn't in her nature to do that.

Ioniko asked sardonically, "Because what, Ms. Tanner?" He refused to acknowledge how crushing his disappointment was, realizing that Mairi Tanner might just be like other women, playing hard to get because they were angling for a better offer.

She smiled and it took Ioniko by surprise, the way the sight of that awkward smile hit him hard, like a f**king arrow aimed straight at his heart.

Mairi mumbled, "Because I think I might have found the man I'm meant to live happily ever after with."

Lesson 4

To catch a Greek billionaire you must get to know him first.

She said: Find out who he really is - learn who the man is behind the billion-dollar image.

He said: What a beautiful liar you are, matakia mou. You are only ashamed to admit the truth.

She said: I am NOT a liar!

He said: Fine then, my love. You are whitewashing it. You got to know me by using an autograph book.

Goddamn ass**le was stealing his woman right under his nose.

While Mairi had been locked away in the washroom, Damen had moved swiftly, issuing instructions left and right to clear his schedule for the remainder of the week. It had been a very long time since he had wanted a woman this much and he was not letting another moment go to waste. The sooner he had Mairi in his bed the better and if he had his way, Damen would not let her leave it until the end of the week.

And yet when Damen strode back into the conference room, it was to see Mairi flirting with Ioniko Vlahos.

Years of rigidly controlling his emotions allowed Damen to maintain an implacable expression on his face even though he was violently inclined to thrash the other man to an inch of his life.

One...two...three...how many f**king minutes did they need to talk about a girl's grades in English? Damen's blood boiled at the thought that maybe, just f**king maybe the two were no longer talking about the girl's grades.

And to think she had f**king said she loved him.

The memory made Damen clench his fists. He wanted to laugh at himself, at his f**king stupidity for thinking that there was a girl in this age who was still innocent and without any designs on his fortune. He was a billionaire. Of course women would do everything - pretend to be anything - to snare his interest.

Even though he had told himself he would not look anymore, Damen couldn't help it, his gaze straying to Mairi once again.

Fuck.

They were f**king holding hands now - in a school that was supposed to f**king discourage fraternizing between faculty and patrons. What the hell did that mean? Was she ready to throw away her career and settle for being Ioniko Vlahos' mistress?

Fuck.

Damen strode to his sister, anger stamped on his features. Diana looked at him worriedly when he reached her side. "I have to go, sweetheart."

"Damen..." Diana stopped, realizing how hard it was to say what she wanted to say. She knew her brother very well, enough to see what the others didn't see. Ms. Yay, for better or for worse, had captured his interest.

And more often than not, it meant heartbreak for the women who did.

Damen made an effort to smile at his sister. "What is it?"

She sighed. "I know you like her, Damen."

He stiffened.

"If you're not going to treat her right, then can you please just forget about her?"

His smile became cold. "Do not worry about her, Diana. I have a feeling that your sweet little Ms. Yay is a lot tougher than you think." And a much better actress than they gave her credit for.

Mairi barely had time to breathe when she received a request to go to the headmistress' office. Hurriedly sliding her feet into her bedroom slippers, she walked as quickly as she could to get to the other building. It was already a quarter past eleven in the evening, with the faculty dinner lasting a lot longer than she had anticipated.

All she wanted to do right now was sleep and maybe dream about Damen Leventis. But since she was in GAYL, a request from Rose really meant it was an order that had to be obeyed - and right away, too.

She knocked softly on the door. "Ms. Thorn?"

"Come in, Mairi."

Inside, Mairi saw Rose seated behind her desk, already dressed in her sleeping gown. "I know you're tired dear, but you have a phone call from home and I imagine you'd like to take it."

Mairi's heart jumped at Rose's words. A phone call from home? And neither Aunt Vilma nor Aunt Norah thought about calling her directly on her mobile? Immediately, her mind jumped to the worst conclusions and her voice was a little shaky as she thanked Rose. "I-I'll take it."

Rose gestured to the sitting area to their right. "You may take the call there, Mairi. I do hope nothing untoward has happened."

Mairi lowered herself on one of the armrest chairs and took the receiver. "Hello?" Her heart was pounding so hard she could barely hear herself over it. Oh God, she hoped---

"Hello, Ms. Tanner."

"You." She didn't know if she wanted to laugh, cry, or scream at Damen Leventis for nearly giving her a heart attack.

Damen asked silkily, "Did you think it would be Ioniko Vlahos?"

The question startled her --- until she realized what those words implied. "I---" Conscious of Rose's presence on the other side of the room, Mairi said carefully but sincerely, "I am so glad to hear from you, Auntie."

She was not alone then, Damen thought as he poured himself a shot of whiskey. "What are your plans for tomorrow?"

"N-nothing?"

"Then there shouldn't be any problem if we meet?"

He wanted to meet up with her. He couldn't get enough of her. He must feel the same way about her. It was the logical conclusion - right? Mairi said breathlessly, "None."

"What time?"

"After class?"

"Fine. Where?"

She asked, "May I, umm, have Cousin Agatha's email address so I can check her flight details?"

He gave her his email address. "Email me your number so I can call you."

"Yes." She was doing her very best not to sound dreamy but it was hard, even with Rose's eagle-eyed stare focused on her back.

"Later then...and Mairi?"

"Yes?"

"Your voice sounds lovely over the phone. It makes me imagine just how lovelier it would sound when you start screaming my name in bed."

Mairi was red-faced by the time she put the phone down.

Rose was frowning with concern. "Is everything okay at home?"

"Umm...yes. I'm...just worried because my cousin - it's, umm, her first time to fly long-distance alone."

"Oh. Well, I'm sure she'll be all right as long as she takes the necessary precautions."

Damen's phone beeped less than five minutes later. In a few seconds, he had dialed Mairi's number and when she answered with barely-hidden excitement, something inside him relaxed.

Whatever it was Mairi felt for Ioniko Vlahos, it clearly had not mitigated her desire for him - and it was a desire Damen was determined to fan until it became an obsession.

"So," he purred. "Where should we meet tomorrow?"

She collapsed on her bed, Damen's voice alone enough to make her shiver. She named the place, a dirt road that led to nearby public beaches but was rarely used. "I can be there around four-thirty."

He frowned, disliking the idea of having to wait nearly an entire day to see Mairi again. "That is too long."

"I know," she agreed morosely. "I'm already missing you too much---" Mairi stopped speaking, realizing what she had once again let slip.

Damen's low sexy chuckle traveled down the line like the most sensual touch, making her swallow audibly.

The sound of Mairi swallowing nearly made him groan. Just like that - just that f**king sound and it was more than enough to have Damen hard as a rock.

"Tomorrow won't come soon enough for me either," he grated out.

Mairi bit back a sigh at the words. He really did feel the same way she did. The thought had her happily snuggling under the covers.

Damen came to his feet, checking his watch as he did. There was still enough time to have a drink downstairs. It would be a good way to pass the time and perhaps finish some of his work, too. But before he could say a word, Mairi had spoken again.

"Damen?"

She sounded incredibly shy using his name. Even though he knew now it could just be an act, it still made his c**k swell. "Yes?"

"Tell me more about yourself." Mairi waited for Damen to speak, but when the silence continued she said hesitantly, "Damen?"

He cleared his throat. Had he f**king heard her correctly? Did she really say something as impossibly juvenile as that? What kind of game was she playing, wanting him to act like an inexperienced boy on his first phone call with a girl?

Why wasn't he speaking? Perhaps he was too busy and was just too nice enough to tell her the truth? Wincing at the realization that could very well be true, Mairi mumbled quickly, "I'm sorry. You must be really busy and tired---"

"No, of course not." Damen was just as swift in his negation, lowering himself back on the couch positioned next to the hotel suite's scenic windows. She was probably f**king playing with him, making him think that if he did not humor her now she would immediately move on to her other Greek boyfriend.

No f**king way would he let that happen. Mairi Tanner was his until he tired of her.

"Are you sure?"

"Of course." He reached for the shot glass he had recently filled and downed it in one gulp. "What do you want to talk about?"

"Well...I just really want to know more about you."

Know more about him in what way, Damen wondered cynically. Know more in the sense that she wanted the password to his safe? Exact figures of his current net worth? How many homes he owned?

"Ask me anything and I will do my best to answer you."

Her eyes widened. "Anything?"

"Anything."

"Then...what's your favorite color?"

Damen stared at the phone. Did she just f**king ask him what his favorite color was?

"Damen? Are you there?"

Fuck, f**k, f**k. He wanted to laugh out loud but managed to rein in his amusement. He had no f**king idea what game Mairi Tanner was playing, but right now it didn't matter. All Damen knew was that she kept surprising him, and her unpredictable ways just made him want her more and more.

Clearing his throat, he managed to answer with a straight face, "Black."

"Oh."

He raised a brow. "You sound disappointed."

"Oh, no, no---"

"Mairi?"

She stopped, the sudden curtness of Damen's voice scaring her more than a little bit. "Yeah?"

"Never lie to me and I promise you that I will not hold anything against you, whatever you tell me."

She sighed.

Damen was beginning to wonder if he just happened to be sexually infatuated with a woman with serious mood swings. His words were meant to be a warning. He already had enough of women lying to him, and he had wanted Mairi to know that. And yet, while Damen had expected her to perhaps be overwhelmed or even offended, Mairi had instead sighed like he had recited a f**king poem for her.

"Are you all right?" he asked finally.

"I'm, umm, yes. I'm sorry." She sighed again, unable to help it. When Damen had spoken those words, he had reminded her so strongly about the Greek billionaires she used to read about that goosebumps had formed all over her skin.

Damen decided to let those sighs go. He had a feeling he would simply drive himself crazy if he tried figuring it out. "Do you have any other questions?"

"Umm, yes." She bit her lip. "But...it's somewhat personal so if you don't want to answer, it's okay."

The words made Damen tense. He was absolutely sure it would have something to do with his parents' scandal. He poured himself another shot.

And then---

"Who was your first crush?"

Surprise had Damen spitting out his whiskey. What the hell? It was like she was reading her questions straight out of an autograph book. What would she want to know next - what he dreamt of becoming when he grew up? What his motto in life was?

"Are you okay?" she asked worriedly.

"Are you seriously asking me that?"

"I told you it was going to be personal."

Damen didn't know whether to groan or roll his eyes. "Are you truly like this, Mairi Tanner? Or is this all a show to make me more intrigued? Because you already have my f**king attention and I want you so damn bad I'm tempted to go over there and be damned with the consequences."

But instead of a straight answer, all he got was a heartfelt sigh.

God, did this woman drive him crazy! And damned if these crazy ways of hers did not make Damen want her even more.

Her gaze drifted towards the wall clock and Mairi gasped, not realizing how late it was. "I have to go," she said glumly.

And now she was being the first to put the phone down - yet another deed no other woman had been able to do to him. It was like she knew all the right buttons to push, making him feel f**king unsure of where his place in her life was - and he did not f**king like it. Not one damn bit.

"Mairi?"

"Yes?" Her heart started beating madly.

"Once you meet with me tomorrow, there is no turning back. You will be mine - and only mine until I let you go. If you are thinking of playing around, don't. I'm not the kind of man you would want to cross."

Another sigh.

This time, Damen ignored it. "Do you understand what I'm saying?"

Oh dear - he was such an alpha. Just like the Greek billionaires in her bedtime stories, only this time he was real and so, so, so much better than she could ever dream of.

She said tremulously, "I understand, Damen."

"And you will be mine?"

Mairi answered simply, "I was meant to be yours."

She sighed.

He wanted to groan. Fuck, f**k, f**k. Those words just made sure he needed a long cold shower to see him through the night.

Lesson 5

To catch a Greek billionaire, you must be prepared to give him your most precious gift.

She said: And that is your love.

He said: And that is your virginity

(Note to editor: Matter to be decided before the last round of edits)

"Ms. Mairi Tanner?" A uniformed chauffeur came out of nowhere, a bland expression on his weathered face as he said Mairi's name.

"That's me." His tone was deferential, his posture so absolutely correct that Mairi felt like she was talking to a king who had gone undercover. Even his uniform seemed more expensive than her own outfit, which she had bought from a beach bazaar the past month.

"If you could follow me, Ms. Tanner?"

She certainly could, and she did her best to not cause too much noise as she followed the older man to the limousine parked at the far end of the road.

Mairi had texted Damen several times this morning, stressing the importance of not being caught by anyone because she couldn't afford to lose her job. Maybe when they were married, she mused. But for now it was better to play it safe.

The chauffeur opened the door for her. "Ms. Tanner?"

She had barely taken one step inside before hard arms pulled her forward, the strength in those muscular arms making Mairi feel like she was no heavier than a tiny bird, even though she knew she was more like an ostrich than a swan.

There wasn't even time to breathe, to say hello, or to think about what was going to happen next.

Damen Leventis simply kissed her like she had always been his.

Honestly - she liked it that way.

It made her feel like all the time she had been dreaming of belonging to him, her Greek billionaire had also been dreaming about possessing her.

Damen had expected Mairi to protest, to perhaps pretend she was offended, frightened, or stunned at the fierceness of his need for her. But instead she became completely willing in his arms, her lips parting willingly even as she kissed him back with seemingly untutored passion.

He cupped her face, deepening his kiss as he did. His tongue pushed in, tasting her and becoming addicted to the sweetness of her in an instant. She whimpered against his lips, as if begging for a reprieve but that only made Damen kiss her harder. There was no f**king reprieve - not this time...not when his body was aching almost violently in his need to take her.

She gasped for breath when he finally released her mouth, and then she gasped again when his lips moved down, followed by his hands. As he nuzzled her neck, his hands cupped her br**sts, fondling and kneading them like they were made for his touch.

Mairi arched her neck, her ability to speak or think blown away by the force of Damen's passion. The simplest kiss, the briefest touch - all of it was more than enough to set her body on fire. And now, with his hands delving into the cups of her bra, his fingers gripping her bare br**sts - the sensations it evoked were beyond anything she could imagine.

She had read about this so many times. She knew everything that could happen between a man and a woman, but the knowledge hadn't prepared her for the reality. Oh, it so did not.

There was nothing as sexy as the harsh breathing sounds Damen made as he impatiently threw her blouse to the floor and tore her bra away, nothing as thrilling as the way his gaze devoured every inch of her, making Mairi feel like she wasn't the too-curvy nerd she had always felt she was all her life.

Oh, and nothing - there was just nothing that could compare to the sheer pleasure she felt when he whispered to her, "You're the hottest little thing I've ever seen in my life."

Mairi shuddered.

Oh, oh, dear - she really was falling hard and fast for Damen Leventis.

Damen groaned at the way Mairi's br**sts quivered when her body started to tremble. He snatched her back to his lap, his c**k rising demandingly against his pants as Mairi automatically straddled him. He gritted out, "I'm not going to f**k you here. You deserve better than this - but at least let me make you come now." It was the only way to stay sane until they reached the secluded villa he had booked for the rest of the week.

She swallowed.

He groaned again. "Dio, Mairi, didn't I warn you not to swallow like that? You make me want to f**k your beautiful mouth."

She was halfway to swallowing again when she realized what she was doing. "I can't help it," Mairi admitted nervously. Between her legs, Damen's c**k felt too long, too hard, and just too impossibly large to fit inside her. It made her move restlessly but she stopped when Damen growled.

"Stop moving!"

She froze, her thighs automatically pressing together, causing her mound to rub against his cock.

"Fuck." He was too f**king close now. "Tell me I can make you come now." His voice was rough and commanding, and she loved it.

Mairi whispered, "Yes."

The word was barely out of her mouth when Damen moved with incredible speed. The next thing she knew, she was on her back with her skirt unzipped and he was pulling it down her legs.

Oh. My. God.

This was really happening.

It was really happening.

Damen was working on her silk panties now, pulling it down just as swiftly. But instead of throwing it on the floor, he stuffed it inside his pants pocket.

He caught her confused frown as her panties disappeared into his pocket. "It's mine now."

Her eyes widened, as if she had never heard someone say something like that to her. She looked so innocent he almost believed her. But then he remembered how she was with Ioniko Vlahos and he pushed the thought away. She was simply playacting. If anything, he was likely the first of her dozens of lovers to even take the time to explain his plans with her underwear.

Mairi whimpered, trying to close her legs when Damen's gaze centered on the core of her womanhood. "Please don't stare," she begged.

She sounded extremely embarrassed. Maybe none of her past lovers had ever gone down on her, Damen thought with a frown. "Relax, darling," he said gently, running a calming hand against the silky softness of her leg. He bent down, his chest pressing down on her br**sts as he took her lips, kissing her luxuriously until he felt her relaxing.

Releasing her lips once more, Damen kissed his way down, making her giggle when he bit her neck playfully and then making her sigh when he cupped her br**sts. A moan escaped Mairi's lips as Damen took one nipple into his mouth.

Every cell of Mairi's body centered in that one spot as Damen continued sucking, slowly at first before he sucked on her nipple harder, the sounds he made making her arch her body. She wanted more of it - she wanted everything he could give and she started feeling restless, needing to get closer to him. Her arms started to move almost involuntarily. She started stroking his back, loving its golden smooth hardness before eventually moving up to touch his beautiful thick hair.

When Damen moved to her other nipple, this time surprising her by clamping the tip between his teeth, Mairi let out a little shriek of pleasure. Her fingers sank into his hair and then she was gripping him hard, arching her body closer to his mouth.

"Please," she begged. She knew what she wanted but she just couldn't find the words to say it.

Thankfully, Damen seemed to understand her. She moaned in protest when he released her nipple but she started to tense when, after placing one gentle kiss on each of her br**sts, Damen was again moving down, his lips making her body shake as it moved past her belly.

"No!" Instinctively, Mairi tried to clamp her legs together. She just wasn't ready for that kind of kiss yet.

But Damen, being the alpha Greek billionaire she had wanted him to be and was, laughed, the sound dark and triumphant. "Remember what you said, Mairi?" he purred as he pushed her legs wide open, her strength a puny match when pitted against his.

"If you meet me today, you would be mine - and that means following my every word. Do you remember that?"

"Yes." The word was pried out of her in a little whimper. Mairi closed her eyes, her head tossing restlessly from side to side as she felt her body go up in flames under his gaze.

She felt Damen bending down again, and Mairi bit her lip hard as his breath fanned the folds of her womanhood. "Ready, darling?" he whispered.

"Ye----aaah!" There was no warning whatsoever. Suddenly, his tongue was there, licking and then thrusting inside, completely possessing Mairi.

She clutched his shoulders. "Damen...Damen...Damen..." His tongue didn't stop thrusting in and out of her. Mairi's legs started to tremble, falling wide open, but still he didn't stop.

"Damen!"

It was the most beautiful sound he had ever heard. Understanding the need threading Mairi's voice and knowing that he alone could satiate it, Damen didn't stop f**king her pu**y with his tongue even as he reached for her clit. Twist, pinch, press----

"DAMEN!" She screamed as she shattered, little sobs coming out of her mouth as her legs twisted around his neck, her h*ps moving up to keep his tongue in her pu**y. He dug his hands under her bottom and covered her with his mouth, lapping up every drop of her come.

When she opened her eyes, feeling like she was still floating, Mairi found herself cradled in Damen's lap, his silvery gray gaze all sensual heat as he studied her.

"Hi."

Damen's lips twitched, the dreamy tone of her 'hi' now familiar. He returned solemnly, "Hi." He caressed her cheek with his knuckles. "You were amazingly passionate."

She wrinkled her nose. "That sounds like a nice way of saying I was so..." Mairi blushed. "...horny."

"And that," he deadpanned.

She gasped.

Damen smiled. "But your passion did blow me away. I liked it. A lot."

She could only smile back at him, totally dazzled.

"But you know..."

She tensed a little at the way his voice dropped a notch. "You know...what?"

Damen moved forward, his lips touching her ears as he said, "That was just a taste. You know that, don't you? I still have to f**k you, Mairi - and I'm going to do it the second I have you alone in my room."

Lesson 6

To catch a Greek billionaire is in many ways no different from catching any man you fancy.

She said: What I mean is, the way to a man's heart is through his stomach.

He said: Says the girl who told me she loved me after I fed her a 300-gram steak.

(Note to editor: Please edit 300 to 150. Please. I mean it.)

"It's okay to admit you're hungry." For all intents and purposes, Damen shouldn't give a damn about whether the woman he was dating was on a diet or not. Most of the time, they were on a diet but wouldn't admit to it since in their twisted little brains, admitting to dieting was equivalent to admitting they were overweight.

But this was Mairi, and her stomach had growled repeatedly even after she finished her soup and salad in record time.

She shook her head, red-faced. This would teach her not to skip a meal before meeting with a man she very well knew was determined to take her to bed. She couldn't make herself meet Damen's gaze at the moment, instead letting her eyes roam around the elegant decor of the villa's dining room.

Damen told her he had rented it for the week, and in the same sentence he had also told her that he expected her to sleep there - in his bed - every night for the rest of his stay in Oneroi.

Growl.

She winced.

Damen said gently, "Mairi---"

She forced herself to look at Damen, pasting a bright smile on her face. "I didn't hear anything." She peered up at the waiter, whom Damen had solemnly vowed to her knew how to keep his mouth shut. "Did you hear anything?"

The waiter, a man who looked to be in his late teens, tugged at his bowtie uneasily. "Err..."

Mairi looked at Damen with a triumphant smile. "See? He didn't hear anything either."

He shook his head. "Enough, darling. You will eat and you shall eat now. If you do not want to order for yourself then I shall order for you." He spoke to the waiter, giving the orders in a decisive tone.

When the waiter left them on their own, her shoulders slumped. "Sorry."

"There's nothing wrong about taking pleasure in food."

"It is when I'm eating more than you are," she told him seriously.

He barked out in laughter.

"Aren't you going to join me? Please?"

"After."

She frowned. "After what?"

"After I make love to you. I am usually ravenous after I have sex."

At his unexpected words, Mairi nearly dropped the glass of water she had lifted to her lips. "Oh."

The waiter came back half an hour later, and he looked a lot more relaxed when Mairi didn't make any further attempt to get him to choose between her and the famous and powerful Greek billionaire seated on the other side of the table.

Mairi's mouth started to water as the waiter set dish after dish of the most delicious creations in front of her. Oh, oh dear. It was food p**n at its worst and she was in danger of salivating.

"Would it make it easier for you if I leave you to your meal and do a little work?"

She totally had no pride left by the time the waiter lifted the silver tray with a flourish and revealed a huge slab of steak, its wonderful scent making her swallow several times. Looking up at Damen, she said baldly, "It would be a huge help."

Damen was still smiling when he reached the study where he had temporarily set up office. He made the necessary phone calls, delegating as was necessary and enforcing his command in situations where only his ruthlessness could save the day.

"Your mother called again, Mr. Leventis," Bart, his secretary, said awkwardly when Damen asked if he had anything else to say.

Damen bit back a curse. "What does she want?"

"I believe she wants to set a date for the meeting between your family and the Kokinos."

"All right," he said finally. "Set a date anytime next week. We might as well get this over with. Anything else?"

"Not anymore, sir."

"Good. I am taking as much time off as possible this week, so do your best to keep everything under your control. Let everyone know that I will not be pleased if I were disturbed."

Bart gulped. "Yes, sir."

After the call, Damen checked the time, decided forty-five minutes was more than enough for Mairi to enjoy her meal, and made his way back to the dining room.

The food had been cleared away and Mairi was nowhere in sight. Frowning, he went to the bedrooms and still didn't find any sign of her. "Mairi?"

"I'm here."

The voice came from downstairs and he quickly made his way towards it, eventually finding Mairi in the villa's patio, which was designed like an oasis in a desert. It had sand-colored walls, ocean-tiled floors, and an all-glass ceiling.

As for Mairi, she was right in the middle of it, seemingly busy preparing --- Damen walked closer. He raised a surprised brow. "You are preparing coffee?"

"Just the way Greeks like you want it." Mairi was nervous, proud, and excited at the same time as she handed him a cup of steaming coffee, its aroma exquisite enough to have Damen nod in approval.

He took a sip.

And then he took another, a longer one this time. "How did you know how to prepare this kind of coffee?" Damen sounded impressed.

Mairi coughed. She couldn't exactly let him know she had always dreamt of being a Greek billionaire's wife and had prepared her entire life for such a role. Maybe after, when they were deliriously in love with each other, but right now?

Crossing her fingers behind her back, she said vaguely, "The Internet?" And then she let out a little shriek as Damen unexpectedly pulled her close. He kissed her, his lips tasting like coffee and passion and her toes totally curled as he pulled her harder against his body.

When Damen released Mairi, her gaze was still a little bemused. And when he smiled down at her, she smiled back dazedly. "Hi."

He laughed. "Somehow I knew you would say that." Not wanting to let her go completely, Damen kept an arm around her waist while lowering the cup on the table. Afterwards, he swept her up in his arms.

She gasped. "Damen!"

He mock-gasped in return. "Mairi."

She swallowed.

He slowly shook his head.

Mairi blinked at the disapproving twist of Damen's lips. "What did I do?"

"You swallowed," he said seriously. "And this time I can't let that one go. This time, you will swallow something else."

She was still choking by the time he had carried her all the way up to the master's bedroom on the second floor. And instead of gently laying her down on the bed, Damen surprised her once more by tossing her in the middle of it instead. She laughed as she bounced on it and she shrieked and giggled when he came diving after her.

This playful side of Damen Leventis was not something she had expected to see, but she loved it. She loved it so much because she had a really good feeling that Damen did not reveal this side of him to just anyone.

Again, he made swift work of her clothes but this time Mairi did her best to undress him as well. Her fingers fumbled a lot of times but by the time he had her completely bare, she had at least succeeded in getting his shirt off.

He started to take off his belt and pants, but she shook her head. "Let me."

She had a cute look of perseverance on her face, looking at his lower half like it was a Sudoku puzzle for her to solve. It was a very sexy look, dammit, and it took extraordinary control for Damen to let go and allow Mairi to take over.

When she finally managed to wrestle his pants off, she immediately tossed it off the bed. She looked back at Damen, but her smile faded at the sight of his burgeoning c**k under his boxers.

Oh dear.

She had somehow managed to forget that he was not exactly lacking in size.

"Mairi?" She was paler than usual for some reason.

She managed a weak smile. "That...umm..." Her gaze went back to his boxers, which was stretched tautly across his h*ps and thighs. "You're...umm..."

"Say what you want to say, Mairi."

"Well..." She coughed delicately before mumbling in Latin.

He demanded, "What do you mean you're a virgin?"

She cried out, "How can you speak Latin?"

Damen stared hard at Mairi, wondering what the f**k it meant if she was indeed a virgin like she had just said she was. From thinking he had everything planned and under his control, Damen suddenly felt like he didn't know a goddamn thing. If Mairi was a virgin, if she was not a gold digger...

Just because she was untouched did not mean she was entirely innocent, a snide voice intruded in his mind. Mairi could just be a lot smarter than most other women, biding her time and making sure she offered her virginity to the man who could offer the highest possible bid.

Mairi covered herself when Damen only continued to look at her, his gaze cold.

The hurt on her face made Damen curse silently. "I'm sorry," he said roughly, pulling her into his arms. When Mairi remained stiff against him, Damen found himself pressing a kiss to her hair - a first for him, actually, since he did not do tender gestures as a rule.

Slowly, she relaxed against Damen. "I thought you'd be pleased I was a virgin," she admitted, determined to be honest even though she was more than a little confused and hurt. In all the stories she had read, the Greek billionaire hero was supposed to be happy about his woman being a virgin. So why was Damen Leventis different?

Damen could not believe Mairi had said such words. It was as if she truly was admitting that she had deliberately kept herself pure, waiting until a man wealthy enough for her tastes would take it - for the right price.

Could she be that calculating?

But then - hadn't his mother been just as calculating?

"I am pleased." He paused and when he resumed speaking, his voice had hardened. "But it will only make me more possessive towards you, Mairi. Do you understand what that means?"

Her heart beat madly. Yes, she knew. It meant he was basically telling her he loved her, but like the Greek billionaires in her favorite stories, he just had some weird hang-up from his past he needed to get over. And when he did, he would realize he was in love with her---

The truth dawned on her.

Oh dear.

He would realize he was in love with her, just like she was just realizing now she had fallen in love with him...at first sight.

When she didn't answer, he looked down at her and demanded, "Mairi?"

She smiled up at Damen, still a little overwhelmed at the realization that insta-love was indeed real. It shouldn't be real. It didn't make sense. But it had happened, just like it did in her favorite books, and it had happened to her.

His gaze narrowed. "Why aren't you saying anything?"

She swallowed.

Damen stiffened. "You know what I told you about---"

Deliberately, she swallowed again.

This time, his voice came out harsh. "Do you f**king know how you're pushing me so close to my limits? That I'm this close to---"

Mairi cupped his face.

And then she swallowed again.

Fuck it. Fuck everything. Fuck all the sensible thoughts in his head.

In a few seconds, he had his boxers off and Mairi was on her knees, looking down at his cock, which was jutting proudly and demanding her attention.

"Have you ever done this before?"

She shook her head.

Her answer had him nearly pre-ejaculating. His voice a little hoarse now, he said, "We'll take it slow and easy then."

"But I want to please you."

"You will," he promised, and nearly jerked off the bed as she suddenly held his c**k in her hands.

"I've read a lot about this, though," Mairi confessed as she started to stroke him while her other hand caressed his balls.

As she became more confident with her hold, her strokes becoming bolder, fingers tightening around his cock, Damen gritted out, "I can say that you're reading the right books."

She couldn't help smiling at his words.

He caught her smile, which somehow made her touch even more erotic. "Was it the Kama Sutra?"

Mairi shook her head. "Nothing like that. It was...fiction."

He raised a brow. "Let me guess. Fifty Shades?"

She shook her head again, her smile becoming even more secretive and a hell of a lot sexier. "Nothing like that."

Before he could make another guess, she had taken a deep breath and then slowly but determinedly took his c**k into her mouth.

Fuck.

So f**king good.

The best f**king blowjob of his life.

"You're too good at this," he groaned, his fingers digging into her hair.

She did not answer, her mouth working his c**k like a pro even though he knew she wasn't. But she was good - all raw talent, and Damen could only imagine how much better Mairi would be under his own tutelage.

He looked down and their eyes met.

She smiled at him, and the sight of her beautiful pink lips curving around his c**k made his entire body shudder. And then she was sucking him hard, her teeth scraping deliciously against the rigid throbbing veins, her tongue licking the slit on the head of his cock---

"Enough," he said harshly, feeling like he was about to explode.

Mairi gasped when he suddenly pulled out of her mouth, the popping sound making her blink and then blush because it was too intimate and erotic. She caught sight of Damen's face, the glitter of desire in his eyes making her gasp.

"Damen!" She couldn't help whispering his name.

Damen's fingers were shaking as he took out one of the condoms from the bedside drawer. She said his name again, this time in a moan, and the sound of it caused him to struggle with sheathing himself.

In a moment, he was back with her on the bed, with Damen's powerful form on top of hers. His hand slipped between their bodies, teasing her already wet folds. It surprised her, how wet she had gotten just by loving his c**k with her mouth. She whimpered when his one - two - fingers penetrated her pu**y.

The foreign sensation of fullness between her legs made her moan and sigh, her body tossing and turning under him.

Every little wriggle Mairi did only inflamed his senses. Unable to help it, he dipped down to take her nipple into his mouth, sucking hard and matching the rhythm of his fingers. He kept the thrusts steady, deepening his possession with every instance he dipped his fingers back into her warmth, making sure to prepare her for the entry of his cock.

"Damen."

The way she moaned his name told him she was finally ready and he reluctantly released her nipple as he straightened over her. He pulled his fingers out of her, making her cry out.

"I'll give you something better in a second," he promised hoarsely as he held his c**k and guided it towards the moist entry of her core. Damen rubbed the head of his c**k against the folds, pushing it in slowly, inch by inch.

Her next moan was his cue and without any warning he slid inside, pushing his c**k deep inside Mairi until he felt her barrier giving in. She was indescribably tight, the sensation like nothing he had ever experienced. Beads of sweat dotted his forehead as he leaned heavily on his arms, making sure he did not push harder into her while Mairi's body adjusted to having him inside her.

There were no words to perfectly describe the way it felt to have Damen inside her, his c**k pulsing like a force of its own between her legs. She could feel him trembling on top of her, doing his best not to move.

"How do you feel?" His voice was tight.

Mairi bit her lip and instead of answering, she tried moving her h*ps under him slowly. Damen automatically adjusted, his c**k withdrawing then slipping back in a few inches.

She gasped.

He stiffened. "Does it hurt?"

Mairi shook her head. "No." She lifted her head, looking at him with eyes cloudy with need for him. "It was..." Her voice was filled with wonder as her hands slowly moved to clutch his shoulders. "It felt wonderful."

Her words giving him encouragement, Damen tried moving again, this time withdrawing halfway before sinking back in leisurely. As he did, her inner muscles tightened around his c**k like a seductive vise and Damen groaned as a wave of lust washed over his body.

Mairi's legs wrapped around his hips. "Damen?"

"Yes," he growled, knowing what Mairi needed. He began to move then, using slow but steady strokes at the beginning. When she began to whimper, her nails digging into his back, Damen moved faster, h*ps pumping hard as his c**k plowed into her again and again, like a honey pot he could never stop dipping into.

Her moist warmth enveloped his c**k in a pool of pleasure, intensifying his craving for her delectable body. Gripping her hair, he pulled her head up so their lips could meet. He kissed her, tongue thrusting in the same time his c**k pistoned back into her pu**y.

She moaned against Damen's lips, her arms curling around his neck. She held on to him as he rammed into her, her body molding to him as it strained to take more and more of his cock. Every thrust sent her reeling and gasping, his engorged c**k making her feel so unbelievably filled by him that everything in the world but Damen simply melted away.

Her head fell against the pillows when he released her mouth and as he thrust harder and faster into her, Mairi could only whisper his name again and again.

The sounds were pitched higher now, more like keening, and it told Damen that Mairi's orgasm was fast approaching. Cupping her bu**ocks with one hand, he lifted her up so she could meet his thrusts head on.

"Look at me," he commanded.

Dizzy with pleasure, Mairi took more than a moment before she could do as he said. His beautiful face was taut with desire and a deep unquenchable passion glittered in his gaze.

"I want to see your face as I make you cl**ax." He started flicking her clitoris and he was immediately gifted with Mairi's involuntary shudder just as a moan erupted from her.

Oh, those fingers of his were creating such havoc on her senses. Her h*ps started to shake and so did her legs, and it was all she could do not to lose control and just fly.

"Do you understand what I need you to do, Mairi?"

"Yes." She sobbed the word out, mindless with need, her h*ps moving up instinctively now to meet his every thrust.

"Then do it. Give it to me!" He pinched her clitoris as he sank the entire length of his c**k into her, pushing as hard as he could that it was almost as if he had brushed against her very womb.

Mairi screamed, her gaze locked with his as a form of pleasure so dazzling took over her entire world. Her body trembled violently at the strength of her orgasm, and moments later she dimly heard Damen shout. His body jerked above her as he came, and his thrusts took on a feral quality, triggering a second wave of pleasure inside her.

Euphoria, heavy and satisfying, settled on him as the last of his come spilled into the condom sheathing his cock. Damen pulled out carefully and a dark primitive sense of triumph filled him when he saw the faint marks of blood on Mairi's inner thighs. She had been a virgin, and now she was his, with her body knowing only his touch and no other man's. And if Damen had his way, it would stay like that until their passion ran its course.

He looked down at Mairi, whose eyes had drifted shut, her face peaceful as she slowly slipped into an exhausted slumber. He touched her lips and she sighed. "I love you," Mairi mumbled without opening her eyes.

Damen snatched his fingers away, the tender light in his eyes dying at her words.

Even in her sleep, she still lied.

Love did not exist, and the sooner he could make her realize that she would never fool him into believing it, the better it would be for both of them.

Lesson 7

To catch a Greek billionaire, you must be prepared to fight for him.

He said: With other women you mean?

She said: No, with their mothers.

Mairi woke in Damen's arms, her body cushioned against his na**d chest while they were both snuggled under the covers. When their eyes met, she opened her mouth to speak, but he beat her to it.

"Hi."

She choked on her laughter. "Hi."

He answered with a devastating smile but didn't say anything else, content to simply gaze at her as he stroked her hair and caressed her cheek, his fingers occasionally drifting down to draw lazy shapes on the upper swell of her br**sts.

She said slowly, "I love you, you know."

He nodded. "I know."

Mairi tried not to roll her eyes. Sometimes, he really was too much like the Greek billionaires she read about, the way he kept himself in a state of denial about his feelings for her. She was about to ask him if someone had hurt him in the past, but something interrupted her.

Damen's fingers stilled.

And then---

There it was again.

Her stomach - growling.

"I'm going to call for room service."

She caught his arm just before he could start dialing. "There's no need," Mairi told him. "I can prepare something for myself as long as the kitchen's fully stocked."

"It is."

She beamed. "Good." She gently pulled away from Damen. "Would you like me to prepare something for you, too? Maybe a sandwich or salad?"

"Sandwich, I suppose." He looked at her blandly even as his eyes gleamed wickedly. "I developed an appetite after f**king---"

Mairi nearly stumbled out of the bed in her haste to get away. "I'll go get the sandwich now." Dirty talk while making love, she could handle. But dirty talk when they were not making love still easily made her blush.

Slipping into Damen's shirt after asking for his permission, Mairi rushed downstairs and found the entire floor empty. After playing with several light switches, she finally found the right combination that would light her way to the kitchen.

The doorbell for the main entrance started to ring by the time she finished slicing some bread and cheese. Walking towards it, she tiptoed to look through the peephole and saw a glamorous older woman waiting impatiently outside. She recognized the face immediately. Unlike her son, Esther Leventis was frequently photographed for the society pages.

Mairi's fingers hovered over the doorknob - should she open the door herself or get Damen to do it? But what if Esther found out that Mairi had made her wait?

The doorbell rang again, making Mairi jump. Oh drat. Here goes nothing, Mairi thought, taking several deep breaths before reaching out to open the door and then hiding immediately behind it. She tried her best to flatten herself against the wall as she heard the sharp clicking of stilettos on the marbled floor.

"Damen?" The voice had a very strong Greek accent with an imperious tone to it. This was a woman who sounded like she was better suited dressed in Spandex and leather than silks and furs.

The door swung shut, leaving her completely exposed. Shiiii---

Esther Leventis spun around at the sound and immediately saw the young woman positioned against the wall like a scarecrow. In seconds, she zeroed in on several key facts about the stranger in her son's villa.

She looked exactly the type to attract Damen, she was obviously young, gauche, and innocent, and most importantly, the fact that she was wearing a man's shirt meant she had just come from Damen's bed.

Slut, Esther thought with a lift of her chin.

Mairi felt like shrinking to nothing at the way Damen's mother gazed at her. She opened her mouth to say something in her defense, but what could she say? Greek mothers were either terribly protective or possessive of their sons. Either way, things just did not look good for her.

"Where is my son?"

"I'll call him right now---"

Esther raised a hand, stopping Mairi in her tracks. "I appreciate the offer, but no, your assistance is unnecessary. You may go now. I assure you that I have much to talk about with my son regarding his betrothal. He will not have much time for you."

The woman still did not move.

She raised a brow, demanding impatiently, "Well?"

Mairi couldn't get any part of her body to work. Her lips felt numb, her heart was crushed, and her mind had totally snapped. Had Esther Leventis said...betrothal?

"Mother?" Damen appeared at the foot of the stairs, a stunned look on his gorgeous face. Dressed only in cotton slacks and nothing else, he looked like he had just stepped off an ad for a beach resort.

He also had a raging hard on, patently made obvious by the thinness of his slacks.

Esther's lips tightened at the sight and turned her head away. "Go and change into something proper."

Ignoring his mother completely, he strode to Mairi, who was alarmingly pale and vulnerable. "Mairi? Are you okay?" He tipped her face up, and something inside of him twisted painfully at the sight of the unshed tears in her eyes. What the hell had Esther told her to make her want to cry?

Mairi forced a smile. "I'm fine. I think I better dress first." She didn't wait for his answer and simply walked towards the stairs, keeping her back straight. She gave Esther a respectful nod, but the older woman didn't even spare her a glance. Then again, Mairi didn't expect her to - not if what she said was true.

Betrothal?

Surely it couldn't be. Or maybe it was - but not anymore and Damen would tell his mother now that he would have to break it off. Mairi had reached the second flight of stairs when she heard it - Esther's raised voice and Damen's biting tone.

She stilled, torn between minding her own business - like she should - and risking getting caught eavesdropping to find out the truth - like she also should.

"Don't talk about her like that!"

Mairi made an about face. She was definitely not minding her own business. That was just another term for being selfish and ignorant of other people's needs anyway. She was just being her caring self by wanting to play mediator between mother and son if their argument escalated.

Tiptoeing her way down the staircase, Mairi peeked from behind the midsection post of the balustrade and saw that Damen and Esther had already moved out of the hallway. She ran down the rest of the stairs and she only heard the muted sounds of their voices by the time she reached Damen's study.

She pressed her ear to the door.

Esther released a scoffing laugh. "You are seriously reprimanding me for the way I treated your slut?"

A thousand ways to counter her words raced in Damen's mind. It never failed to amaze and disgust him the way Esther could act like a self-righteous bitch when everyone in Greek society knew the truth about her.

But at the end of it all, Esther was his mother and honor and duty both demanded that he treated her with respect, or at the very least civility. However, although he could not and would not publicly disavow her, that did not mean he would follow the same rule in private.

He was the sole reason their fortune was still intact even after the scandal Esther and his father were embroiled in. It would not do her any good to forget that.

Esther began to feel unnerved at the way her son continued to stare at her so coldly. Why oh why couldn't he be as biddable and as easily manipulated as his sister? Her life would have been so much more different if he was.

When Damen still did not say anything, she said defensively, "You cannot blame me for thinking she's your slut! She's here, alone in a man's home and wearing your clothes. What do you think the Kokinis would say if the paparazzi manage to take a photo of the two of you and it's printed for the world to see?"

"I will say this one last time, Mother. You are not to call or think of her as a slut. If you do, then you will regret the consequences."

Fury made her grip the handles of her designer handbag tightly, the only thing she could do to keep herself from giving Damen a much deserved slap the way she had been able to when he was young. But of course she could not do that anymore. It wasn't just because he was a grown man. Damen also happened to control the purse strings, and in her world, that man was god.

"Why did you come here?"

"The Kokinis want to meet tonight instead of next week."

"No."

Esther swallowed. "I have already accepted the invitation and told them you are eager to meet with them as well." She tried not to flinch when Damen cursed. "It will be the height of discourtesy if you cancel at such late notice---"

Damen laughed bitterly. "You dare lecture me on manners?"

Esther colored at the pointed barb. Pretending she did not hear his words, she continued, "The Kokinis want to set a date for the wedding and I agree. The girl has waited long enough - she would be a laughingstock if you keep her dangling."

"She is only twenty."

"But you have been her betrothed since she was fifteen."

Lesson 8

To catch a Greek billionaire, you must learn how to forgive.

She said: Because a Greek billionaire does not always a smart man make.

He said: You are too harsh. Haven't you heard of challenges making victories all the sweeter?

She said: Just consider all Greek billionaires' wives diabetic then.

"What happened, Mair?" Mandy asked quietly as they settled at their usual table in the faculty cafeteria for lunch.

She shook her head, keeping her smile cheerful. "I had my fling with the Greek billionaire, that's all."

That was definitely not all, Velvet thought. Mairi looked so fragile right now she was seriously scared her friend would shatter at the mere mention of that person's name.

"Maybe you should take the day off and say you're sick so you can get some rest," Mandy suggested.

Velvet nodded. "You already look terrible anyway." Mandy kicked her under the table and she quickly corrected herself, "I mean, you've been working hard lately so maybe the stress has finally caught up with you and..." She trailed off lamely. Bedside manners were not her forte.

Mairi tried to up her cheer factor by another notch. "Seriously guys, I'm okay." And she was - or she would be. She had to be. She needed to move on because last night made it so painfully clear.

Damen Leventis was not the man she was supposed to live happily ever after with.

The rest of the day proceeded in a tediously slow manner, with every second ticking by a slow kind of torture. She did her best to keep busy, but there were only so many triple checks on students' book reports she could do before the words started to swim before her eyes.

She tried to forget, too, but that one was even more difficult. It was as if she was fated to hear the words over and over. Damen Leventis had been betrothed for years - and he had taken Mairi's virginity even when he already belonged to someone else.

Not a single Greek billionaire in her favorite stories was that much of a bastard.

Her phone buzzed and she fumbled in her haste to get to it, her silly heart still stupidly yearning to hear from Damen. Maybe...maybe he had realized he was wrong, had gotten out of the betrothal, and now he wanted her back?

She opened the message.

Oh drat. It was just a reminder that her payment for this month's usage was due.

Mairi wanted to throw her phone away after reading it.

Afternoon skies darkened into the evening, but she still didn't hear from him.

"Thank you for taking me out again, but this time you are going to let me pay or I swear I won't hang out with you anymore." It had been almost two weeks since she had made Her Greatest Mistake and Mairi was only starting to move on. Mandy and Velvet helped a lot, as did her work and more recently, she even had Ioniko Vlahos helping to keep her occupied.

They were enjoying a meal in his yacht again - the only "safe" and "private" place Ioniko could vouch for as Mairi was adamant about not being seen in public fraternizing with a school patron. It was a beautiful yacht, sleek and white on the outside, luxurious and decorated in plush purple on the inside.

Today, they had decided to enjoy coffee on the deck, lounging in the sun chairs while enjoying the cool breeze fanning their skins.

Ioniko studied the woman next to him intently. She was even lovelier and a hell of a lot sexier than he remembered. She also still had the most amazing br**sts, rounded and pert without being too heavy. Even though Mairi liked to dress in loose tops, they were simply too abundant for their size to be properly hidden.

Mairi coughed.

Ioniko grinned as he met her gaze, knowing why she had called his attention.

"You can look at my face, you know," she said dryly.

"Ditto," he answered.

"Huh?"

"You look at me, but you do not really see me."

She tried to make sense of it but couldn't. "Umm...huh?"

Ioniko suddenly leaned forward, surprising her. Before Mairi could move back, he had already cupped her chin, another arm pulling her closer and closer until she was almost completely out of her chair.

Mairi pressed her lips together tightly. One tiny mistake and they would be...

"Not going to speak?" he whispered wickedly.

She couldn't even shake her head. All she could do was glare. If she shook her head, they would be...

"Now," he breathed, "Do you see me?"

Her eyes widened.

And yes, right now, she did see him.

Ioniko was dressed in nothing but black board shorts, leaving the rest of his na**d and beautifully sculpted body exposed for anyone to admire. He had an equally gorgeous face and the always-present wicked gleam in his green eyes only made him more attractive.

He might only be a few years older than her, but there was no mistaking the wealth of experience he possessed as well as the raw strength and power contained in his lean muscular form.

Here was another tall, dark, and handsome Greek billionaire - and somehow she had failed to appreciate the fact.

Ioniko slowly released her and Mairi collapsed back into her chair. "I am a patient man," he murmured. "But I do not plan to wait forever. I will make my move eventually."

"You make this sound like a chess game and you're off to capture a pawn." She reached for her coffee, thinking a little caffeine could help keep her senses alert.

"It is a game - all this is a game but you are no pawn. You're the sexiest queen I've ever seen and I've wanted to f**k you since forever."

Because Ioniko had always been on his best behavior during their past meetings - and now Mairi knew he had just been biding his time - the words were a complete shock to her, making her hands shake and causing her to accidentally spill scalding hot coffee on her bare legs.

"Ow!"

Ioniko reacted with lightning speed, scooping Mairi up in his arms and taking her to the whirlpool bath nearby. He placed her inside gently and turned the taps on. In seconds, cold water blasted the reddening skin on her thighs.

Tears stung her eyes, but Mairi did her best to blink them away. If she had found the strength not to cry over Her Greatest Mistake, then she was not going to cry over this either.

"You can cry, you know," Ioniko said quietly.

She shook her head furiously.

She looked like an adorable kid doing her best to pretend she was an adult, and somehow that only made Ioniko want to take her in his arms and promise her that he would protect her against all the evils in the world.

Ioniko could not think of any other woman that would make him feel this...nice or this protective. But then, most other women were made of sterner stuff than Mairi. There was just something stubbornly fragile about her - even though he knew the words did not make sense. It was as if every time she spoke, every time she looked at him or did something - it was as if Mairi was telling the world she had her rose-colored glasses on and she was never going to take them off.

Mairi breathed a sigh of relief when the pain started to recede.

"Good job," he said approvingly.

She grinned. "Yay me!" He laughed - and the sound of it made her suspicious. She said with a sinking heart, "You know, don't you?"

"It was a very cute story."

Mairi made a face. "Suuuuuuure it is - if I weren't 24 and a teacher to boot!"

Laughing, he carefully scooped her out of the tub. "I'll have the crew dry your dress. But for now, change into something else. There's brand new stuff in the guest bedroom."

Mairi was still smiling when she changed into a fresh bikini before covering herself up with an oversized black terry robe. Ioniko was as big a flirt as his sister had let on, but he was a nice flirt. She could see them being friends, just not---

She pushed the thought away. She was not going down that road. She would get over Her Greatest Mistake and when she did, she could start again. This time, she would be more careful as she searched for the Greek billionaire she was meant to live happily ever after with.

A few more minutes passed before she finally made her way out to the deck. "Ioniko?" She climbed up the short flight of stairs that led to the VIP living room. She turned - and instead of Ioniko, she found another Greek billionaire.

"You?"

Damen Leventis stood in the center of the room, a dominating force dressed in an expensive suit, dangerous tension vibrating from his profile. He took off the dark shades hiding his gaze and Mairi gulped at the sight of his silvery gray eyes, which were blazing with fury.

He crossed his arms over his chest.

"Yes. Me."

Jealousy of the most vicious sort made him inhale sharply, struggling to stay in control as he watched Mairi ascend the last step and come inside the room. He hated the fact that she had on another man's robe and was in another man's yacht, and he f**king hated hearing another man's name on her lips.

"How did you get here?"

"I granted him entry to board." Ioniko suddenly appeared on the other doorway, which connected the VIP room to the main deck. For long moments, he had managed to keep himself still behind the tinted glass door, waiting and watching to see how Mairi would react to Damen Leventis' presence.

The flash of emotion in her eyes upon seeing the other man told Ioniko everything he needed to know.

She cared for Leventis.

That was more than enough to make Ioniko move. He wanted Mairi and he was never one to back off a challenge. She might have feelings for Leventis now, but there was no saying it could not change.

Mairi shook her head in confusion. "Are you friends?" A light bulb clicked inside her brain and she stumbled back, her eyes suddenly wide with fear. "Oh my God---"

Damen tensed at the fear darkening Mairi's gaze. "What is it? Did this bastard hurt you?"

"Fuck you, Leventis. It's obvious that you were the one who hurt her." Ioniko started towards Mairi but stopped when she took another step back. Perplexed and concerned by the apprehension on her face, he asked, "Mairi?"

Her head went from Ioniko to Damen and back again. Maybe other women would consider this scenario a dream come true, but not her. This was way out of her comfort zone. When they took a step towards her simultaneously, she shrieked. They froze.

"What the hell's wrong?" Damen demanded.

"You two are the ones wrong! I don't do this, okay?"

"This?" Ioniko echoed.

She gestured to them wildly. "You two. Me. No way."

One, two, three seconds passed before Ioniko and Damen exchanged dawning looks of understanding.

And then slowly, they started to laugh.

Oh drat.

So they weren't thinking of having a menage with her?

"No," Damen said blandly, correctly interpreting the reason why Mairi was suddenly cringing and unable to meet his gaze - or Vlahos' for that matter. "We are not the kind of men who share our women."

"Which means you have to choose, Mairi - me...or Leventis?" Ioniko crossed his arms over his chest, and side by side he and Damen looked like Greek warriors waiting for a slave to choose whom she wanted to belong to.

She shook her head. "I don't want or need to choose."

"Bullshit."

Mairi's head snapped up at Damen's furious reply.

"Why did you run away that night?" he demanded. "Do you know how worried I was when I couldn't find you? I thought something had happened to you!"

"Something did happen," she cried out. "You have a betrothed!"

Damen froze.

"Your mother told me and I heard you two talk and you didn't say a thing to deny it. You have been betrothed since she was fifteen and you took my virginity even though another girl's been wearing your ring!" She waited for him to speak, but of course he didn't and she said bitterly, "Now you know why I left."

The defeat in her stance made Damen flinch because it was not like Mairi to be like that. He had known her for over a day, but even in that short span of time he f**king knew Mairi was like a goddamn sun that kept shining.

"I want you in my life, Mairi."

The words stunned her, and even though she didn't want to admit it, the words made hope unfurl its leaves and start to blossom inside her again. "You do?" Mairi whispered.

"I know it sounds f**king crazy, but there's something about you that I can't get enough of. I never stopped thinking about you these past two weeks. I wanted to fix things but you didn't take my calls---"

"You called once!"

"You didn't let me visit---"

"You tried once!"

"You didn't reply---"

"You texted me once!"

"Those were all things I have never done for any other woman but you!" he snapped, his hand slashing the air in an expansive gesture of frustration. "Do you think it's easy for me to do any of those when all my life it's always been the other way around?" He looked at Ioniko with contempt. "And I still f**king want you, even if you are here with him."

Ioniko said evenly, "I trust Mairi's judgment. I'm sure she'll eventually see that she will be happier in my bed than in yours."

"You will never touch her!" Damen spat.

"Careful with your tone, Leventis. I can easily order you off my yacht."

Realizing in a panic that the two were close to coming to blows, she protested, "Stop!" Their gazes swung back to her, barely suppressed rage evident in their tense forms.

Swallowing, she looked at Ioniko first. "I'm so sorry I got you involved in this."

Ioniko breathed hard at the words. "And I am sorry that you are choosing this bastard over me." She started to speak, but he shook his head. "You did nothing wrong - and it is not over between us. Don't think I'm giving you up. I am simply respecting your decision - for now. But know this, Mairi - he does not deserve you."

"And you do?" Damen asked coldly.

"At least I do not lie about being unattached." Ioniko smiled mirthlessly. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I think it is best that I leave the two of you to work out your differences."

The door swung shut behind Ioniko's back silently, leaving Mairi and Damen staring at each other.

Everything she had ruthlessly buried in the deepest recesses of her memories suddenly came back in a rush, and she nearly fainted at the way her heart was close to bursting with happiness. Damen Leventis wanted her in his life. Her Greek billionaire had missed her, had not been able to stop thinking about her - had chosen her.

Lesson 9

To catch a Greek billionaire, you must be prepared to be hurt.

He said: That makes you sound like a masochist.

She said: Good thing you're very much a sadist. We're the perfect pair.

(He said: Note to editor - make sure this book is rated for mature readers. I do not want my daughter to read this and start having ideas.)

"Please don't tell me we ran out of gas." Mairi was the first one to break the silence that had developed between her and Damen the moment they were aboard his sailboat, which he had anchored next to Ioniko's yacht.

She had been terribly impressed to see Damen in action behind the steering wheel, but now, with the winds dying down and the engine suddenly shutting down in the middle of the Mediterranean, Mairi was starting to feel faint. She had watched a lot of movies that took place in marooned and lost ships and none of them had happy endings.

"Damen?"

He shook his head. "I simply ran out of patience. I'm too hungry for you." He extended his hand.

Her eyes widened. "Now?"

Damen's face became shuttered. "Does it feel too soon?"

"I...no..."

"Did you perhaps forget about my touch and how it felt to be in my arms after spending time with Vlahos?"

Before she could answer, Damen had her trapped between his body and the wall. "Damen---"

The rest of what she wanted to say was swallowed by his hard and possessive kiss. All her emotional defenses were shattered by that kiss, the heat and passion that she could only feel in Damen's arms coming back to her with a vengeance.

With a little cry, she curled her arms around his neck and surrendered herself to Damen's kiss, her tongue moving as insistently as his, needing more of his taste, wanting more of his dominance.

"Did he make you feel like this when he kissed you?" Damen growled against her lips, jealousy driving him crazy. Mairi was his but he still had this insane urge to storm back into Vlahos' yacht and beat the other man for even thinking about Mairi.

She shook her head, whispering, "We never kissed."

He looked at her intensely. "You do not have to lie."

She said with a tremulous smile, "I'm not. I couldn't even think of kissing another man but you---"

"Mairi." It was all he could groan before he was kissing her again. He knew her words were true and it blew him away, the way she really did seem to want him and only him even though she could have another man - another f**king billionaire - to take care of her.

"I need to have you now, Mairi."

Mairi said simply, "Yes."

She closed her eyes as Damen lifted her in his arms and brought her to the bedroom below deck, savoring the feel of having him embrace her again. She only opened her eyes when she felt herself being lowered on the bed. The room was decorated in darker shades of brown and gray, its appeal a mix of masculine and utilitarian.

Damen was swiftly removing his clothes and then sheathing his already erect c**k before joining her in bed. "We'll burn them," he muttered as he also made short work of her robe and bikini.

Her eyes widened. "But they're new---"

"Doesn't f**king matter. I don't ever want to see you wearing clothes bought by another man. You're mine Mairi, and I'm the only one who has the right to cover and uncover your body."

She wanted to tease him at how possessive he sounded but there wasn't any time, with Damen hungrily kissing her again. Her arms and legs wrapped around him as she kissed him back, loving the familiar feel of his hardness pressing down on her body.

Mairi moaned when he started kissing her neck, her shoulders, and her br**sts. He paused to smile devilishly at her, and she smiled back in dazed pleasure. But that smile soon turned into another moan when he cradled one breast and started sucking its nipple.

"Damen!"

He bit her nipple.

"DAMEN!" She couldn't help but scream his name now, and she screamed it again and again as he moved further down, this time worshiping her body by tonguing her pu**y.

"Please," she sobbed as he moved up a little and started licking her clitoris.

"Please what?" he growled.

"Please!" It was all she could say as she writhed in an agony of pleasure and desire, the quick lashes of his tongue against her cl*t making her head twist on the pillow and her eyes roll back.

He rose to his knees and she whimpered when he started to push her legs open wider and wider.

"Damen?"

In answer, he penetrated her with one forceful push, his c**k driving in like a sword finding its home.

She screamed.

"Yes," he grated out, loving the way Mairi's pants and whimpers filled the room. He moved his h*ps quick and hard, driving his c**k further and further in until he felt its head brushing against the wall of her womb.

"Oh, oh, Damen! Oh!"

There was nothing like being possessed by such an alpha male lover, and combined with the fact that Damen was the Greek billionaire she had been waiting for - she could only scream and hold on to him for dear life as he pounded away.

Each thrust of his c**k made her sob harder and louder. "Please, please..."

"Promise me you won't ever leave me again!"

She sobbed, "I promise!"

"Promise this pu**y will only be for my c**k to take!"

"I promise!"

He reached for her clit. "And f**king promise me that it's only my name you'll ever be screaming---"

"I promise, DAMEN!" He pinched her cl*t hard and Mairi's orgasm burst out of nowhere, making her scream again, pleasure whipping every part of her body so hard there was nothing for her to do but to shudder and ride the waves out.

Damen hadn't stopped moving, his h*ps jerking even faster, his c**k pummeling her pu**y. As the waves of Mairi's pleasures softened, Damen's own release reached its peak and he came with a guttural growl. His hands clutched each cheek of her bu**ocks as he ground his c**k into her.

She stirred from her sleep, and Damen's arms tightened around her instinctively.

"I need to check the time," she said drowsily.

His arms tightened even more. "I'll check it for you. You're not allowed to leave my side.

The next time she woke up, still not knowing exactly what time it was, she wanted to pee. She tried to wriggle out of his arms but Damen woke instantly.

"Need to go to the bathroom," she whispered.

"I'll go with you."

"Damen!"

"I'm not letting you out of my sight anymore."

After Damen had parked the sailboat in its private dock, he served both of them dinner in bed. He had been adamant about not letting Mairi out of his bed, going as far as locking her in the bedroom while he was preparing dinner, which she found more amusing than worrying.

"You're so crazy possessive now," she teased him as she fed him grapes after helping herself to the pasta and chicken he had heated in the microwave.

Damen shrugged. "It is who I am." He was leaning against the bed's headboard, hands clasped behind his head and looking like an indolent prince waiting to be entertained.

Gazing at him, she blurted out, "You're so pretty."

He choked. "You could not even use the word 'handsome'?"

She smiled sheepishly. "Sorry. I was just speaking my thoughts out loud. I didn't mean you're effeminate or anything. I mean pretty, like with Gollum calling his ring 'my precious'?" Mairi perked up as an idea occurred to her. "Now that we're going to be official, I think we should have special names for each other."

Damen had a hard time keeping up with her. First there was Gollum, and then something about an official and now they needed special names? She was the most delightfully scatterbrained teacher he had ever met, and damn if he did not find it sexy as hell.

Mairi was looking at him expectantly.

"Err...ladies first?"

She grinned. "Okay." She raised herself on her knees, bringing a sheet with her to cover her br**sts.

He shook his head, pulling the sheet away.

"But..."

"Mine," he reminded her simply.

Mairi blushed and the pinkness spread all over her body. Unable to help it, Damen leaned forward and suckled her nipple.

"Oh..."

Fuck. That moan of hers never failed to turn him on. He dragged her to his lap, making sure she was in a straddling position before he thrust up the same time he pulled her down.

"Damen!" She clutched his shoulders hard as the unexpected penetration rendered her speechless.

"Now...what were we talking about?" he asked hoarsely as she started riding his cock.

"Uhh..." It was impossible to think, not with the way his c**k was filling her. All she wanted was to continue impaling herself on Damen's cock, again and again until he made her come the way only he could.

"Something about special names?"

She breathed a sigh of relief. "Oh, yes...I want us...to have special names. I don't want...something ordinary like baby or sweetheart. I want something ours alone."

"You first then." He was having a more difficult time speaking, with her br**sts jiggling in his face and tempting him beyond belief.

"I want to call you..." She stopped moving as she tried to clear the sexual haze in her mind.

She had stopped moving?

"Fuck that." Damen held her by the nape and kissed her. "Fuck now, talk later. Got it?"

In answer, she fell against his chest, clinging to his neck as she rode him like she had been born on a saddle.

"You're sure calling in sick will not get you in trouble?" Damen asked the next day as he lifted her off the beach lounge chair, settled himself on it, and then settled Mairi on his lap.

She snuggled against him immediately, and he liked the fact that this time she no longer cared that she was completely na**d in his arms - in broad daylight and while he was fully clothed.

They had gone out sailing again before mooring themselves near what Mairi thought was a deserted island but was actually one of the undeveloped properties he had recently bought. This close to his property, he was able to ensure their safety and privacy. Mairi losing her inhibitions with him was one thing, but having the world feast their eyes on her na**d nubile body was another. No way in hell would he ever allow another man to see what was his.

"My friends will cover for me and besides, it's my first time to call in sick." As she lay against his chest, she absent-mindedly played with his nipple, pinching it occasionally.

Damen's chuckle vibrated against his cheek. "That's going to get you into trouble if you continue doing it, sweetheart."

The term of endearment made her sit up. "Special names!"

He loved the way her face lit up every time she had one of her...rare...ideas. That was the best way to put it since "rare" sounded better than "insane".

She looked at him seriously. "I think I'm going to call you..."

He raised a brow, knowing that whatever she decided on it would definitely be...rare.

"Dreamboat."

Yes, definitely rare and it was definitely hard to keep a straight face as he coughed and said, "That's...err...interesting."

She beamed. "At least it's something of ours." Mairi nodded encouragingly at him. "What about you? What do you want to call me?"

He didn't hesitate. "Matakia mou."

Mairi burst into laughter. "Maybe I should call you Gollum instead." But even as she teased him, she couldn't help but feel cherished. Because those words, translated to English, meant 'my precious'.

"We're agreed then? You will move in this weekend?" Damen asked as his limousine slowed down to a stop on the very same road Mairi had chosen to meet with him the first time. The cloak-and-dagger stuff she insisted on frustrated Damen but for now, he knew he should not push his luck.

It was already a miracle he had somehow persuaded her to come back into his life. Damen would not dare do anything else that could make her leave him again. If she wanted to walk back to school from here, then so she would. However, Mairi did not have to know that he would also have an entire security team tailing her to make sure she reached her destination in one piece.

She bit her lip. "Are you sure Diana won't mind?" Greek girls could still be terribly conservative and she didn't want anything to ruin her friendship with the young girl as much as possible.

"She will understand. This is normal for Greek men."

Mairi glanced at him in astonishment. "Really? I thought it would be the opposite?"

Her words puzzled Damen. "In what way should it be opposite? Do you think it is better that I live in your home?"

"No, no. I mean, it's not normal for a couple to move in together before marrying, right? Not that I'm saying we're going to get married soon but---" Mairi stopped, belatedly noticing the way Damen had suddenly whitened.

Fuck, f**k, f**k.

How could they have---

FUCK! This was not f**king happening. This could not be f**king happening.

"Damen? What's wrong?" Mairi reached out to touch his face, but he caught her wrist and shook his head. She let her arm fall back down, trying not to feel hurt.

He asked carefully, "What exactly do you think we are now, Mairi?"

She frowned at the question, unable to see the point of it. "Are you worried about the labels?" she asked finally. "We don't have to be girlfriend or boyfriend. We can just be...an item." That was the best she could come up with.

"An item...that will eventually lead to marriage?"

She colored, but not wanting to lie she said, "Eventually, yes."

"But how can that be when I am still engaged to the Kokanis heiress?"

The words made Mairi's vision blur. "What do you mean you're still engaged?" she whispered.

The pain in her voice made him flinch. Goddamn it! He had promised himself he would not hurt her, but why the hell did things always get f**ked up between them?

"Mairi, I didn't lie to you this time. When we were in Vlahos' yacht, I told you I wanted you in my life."

"Yes."

"But did I say I was going to break it off with her?"

"No, but..." She looked at him blankly. "How else will you have me back in your life if you still belong to her?"

"I don't belong---"

She shouted, "How?"

This time, he was the one who tried to reach out to her. And this time, she was the one to push him away.

"How?" she sobbed out. She had a feeling she already knew, but she needed to hear him say it.

Damen said bleakly, "I wanted you back in my life as my mistress."

She walked alone. She had always walked alone on this street, which was the shortest and most isolated path leading back to the school. But somehow, none of those times had felt as empty and lonely like how she was feeling now.

In her mind, she could still hear Damen demanding that she listen to him - that she let him explain.

"You don't understand," Damen had said.

She shook her head. "No. It's you who don't understand. I love you---"

"For God's sake, Mairi! You've known me for what - three f**king days? And now you're telling me you f**king love me? Do you know how f**king crazy that sounds?"

Yes, she knew. She had always known it sounded crazy. But she had grown up believing that someone like Damen Leventis would walk into her life, make her fall in love with him, and then they'd live happily ever after.

Maybe it was crazy. But was it so f**king wrong? Was she so wrong to believe that the kind of fairytales she believed in, the ones that had Greek billionaires in it instead of Prince Charming - was she so f**king wrong to want to believe that those fairy tales could also come true?

She hadn't bothered explaining after that.

She had simply left.

And now---

Velvet and Mandy were waiting for her by the gates. She didn't know how they knew she was coming and couldn't make herself ask. All she knew was that she had reached the end of her tether.

"Mairi?"

The sound of her name, spoken by someone who cared - who really cared for her - was all it took to have her breaking down.

Mairi sobbed, falling to the ground on her knees, unable to stop the harsh heavy sobs that shook her body.

It hurt. It hurt. It hurt so much because she had believed in the fairytale. And the fairytale did happen. She had met her Greek billionaire and had fallen in love with him. But what she didn't count on was what could happen if the same Greek billionaire did not want to live happily ever after with her.

The End

