Chapter One

To trust a Greek billionaire, one must not put any stock on what the media says.

She said: Well, not unless it's CNN.

He said: And you think CNN would be interested in who I'm dating?

She said: Everyone is interested in who you're dating. Don't pretend you don't know it. (Liar).

He said: Clearly, she does not trust me still.

"Cheers to the soon-to-be-married couple!" This was followed by a smattering of applause as the hundreds of guests alternately clapped and raised their champagne flutes for a toast. It was a dazzling affair, as expected for an event attended by Greece's rich and famous.

A date had been finally selected for the Leventis-Kokinos nuptials, a wedding that would unite two of the most powerful families in Greece. It had thousands of Greek lasses' hearts breaking, for Damen Leventis had been their pin-up crush since the moment his handsome face, albeit often unsmiling, started showing up on the society pages.

As the noise receded, the silver-haired debonair-looking gentleman on stage spoke on the microphone again. "And now, I present to you once more my lovely granddaughter, who has a surprise to share with all of you."

The young woman who ascended the stage was lovely and olive-skinned, dressed in a bronze high-waisted silk gown. A reserved smile was on her lips, but her eyes were unreadable. She looked at the taller man behind her grandfather, who immediately claimed his position by her side. He, too, had an unreadable gaze as they looked at each other.

"I know this is very much presumptuous of me, but I would like to present to you, in front of our families and friends, a small token of my deep happiness and the honor and privilege I feel for being your future wife."

The crowd had completely fallen silent at her words, and on cue, one of the trusted stewards of the Kokinos clan came forward. He handed Alina a small jewelry box, which she in turn opened and presented to her fiance.

It was a simple platinum ring, beautiful and indubitably expensive. It was also a symbol of the Kokinos' claim over him, portending the future in which he would be offering his name to a woman...who was not Mairi Tanner.

The name alone ignited memories, all of them something he was not inclined to revisit.

After a moment's hesitation, not at all perceptible except to several people in the room, namely his family and his intended's, Damen Leventis took out the ring and put it on his finger.

With this, he would be permanently cutting ties with the young school teacher he desired...still.

****

The school's library was nearly empty, unsurprisingly so for it was a Sunday morning and all of the students of the Grecian Academy for Young Ladies were spending the last day of their weekend outside. It was a wonderfully sunny morning, best spent frolicking on the beach or perhaps enjoying a cup of strong Greek coffee in one of the quaintly charming tavernes.

"You really don't need to be stuck in here with me," Mairi insisted. Keeping her gaze on the spines of the books she was scanning, she added, "You don't have to worry about me killing myself either. I'm over him."

When neither of her friends answered, Mairi lifted her head and caught Mandy and Velvet exchanging looks. Sure she is, their looks said.

"Shut up," she grumbled.

"We didn't even say a word," Velvet said innocently.

"You didn't have to," she continued in a grumpy tone.

"Look, we're just really concerned," Mandy said soothingly. "It's been two weeks - he never called you, never sent a text message or email, and he's still engaged. We need to accept things as they are. He's a cheating bastard, end of story. Let's move on from there."

Mandy always made things sound so...easy, Mairi thought morosely. If only she could really do as her friend suggested. She would seriously trade half of her life for it. Anything must be better than this gaping emptiness inside her. But Mairi was also afraid if the emptiness had an end to it, then she'd start hurting - and never stop hurting.

"Mairi, oh my God, look!"

Velvet's excited voice snapped her out of her thoughts and she unthinkingly hurried to her friend's side. "What is-" She made a face when she realized what Velvet was pointing to - the newest Harlequin titles were on the shelves now.

Heart squeezing, she managed to lift her chin and said snippily, "I don't read those now."

"Are you suuuuuuuuuure?" Velvet teased.

Mairi put her hands behind her back, just to be sure the temptation wouldn't get to her. "Yes."

"But, Mairi...there's the newest one by Julia James..."

Oh, Mandy and her horribly good memory, Mairi thought even as she kept her gaze straight ahead, never dipping down to where the books were.

"...and look, a Greek billionaire novel by Lynne Graham!"

She still wasn't going to look, Mairi told herself. So her favorite Harlequin author had written another Greek billionaire romance. Big deal. It wasn't-

Velvet wagged the book in front of Mairi.

Her control broke. "Oh, fine, if you insist!" Mairi grabbed the book. It really was about another Greek billionaire by Lynne Graham, she mused wonderingly as she started to walk back towards the counter, where she could check the book out. If she read this, she could pretend she was the heroine and-

"Another Harlequin novel?" The librarian, Carrie, teased.

"Yeah." She was red-faced with embarrassment even though she knew no one in school except for her friends were aware of what went on between Mairi and her own Greek billionaire.

As she waited for Carrie to input the book's details in her library account, her gaze strayed around the newspapers and magazines on display next to the counter. There was one already half open, showing a full-page spread of what seemed like a party-

Her heart stuttered to a stop when she realized what she was looking at. Slowly, she walked towards the newspaper stand, feeling like she was walking the Green Mile as she did.

Mairi picked up the newspaper.

"That's one of our student's brothers," Carrie said helpfully from behind. "Two-thirds of Greece's female population is heartbroken now because he's finally picked a date for the wedding. The remaining one-third can't confess to being sad since they're all married."

The photo wasn't grainy at all like most other black-and-white newspaper photos. The Leventis money at work, she thought dully as her eyes glossed past Damen's face, not wanting to really look at him.

The caption was direct to the point. Kokinos heiress, presenting Damen Leventis with his own engagement ring, possibly starting a new tradition in Greek high society.

Memories burned her mind, of herself in the arms of the man who now belonged to another woman - who had always belonged to another woman, even when he had taken her virginity.

She returned the newspaper to its stand, taking her time because with the way her hands were shaking, she might end up dropping it - or tearing it into pieces.

"I don't think I'm going to borrow that after all, Carrie," she heard herself saying faintly.

"Oh? Why not?"

"I think...I'm in the mood for some Stephen King instead. Or maybe some Romeo and Juliet. Anything where somebody dies please."

Chapter Two

To trust a Greek billionaire, one must remember that he is the type to always go after you.

She said: And most times, it's to remind a girl that she's "lucky" to have them.

He said: I am a changed man now, matakia mou. These days, I am willing to wait until you admit it is so.

Damen nodded his thanks to the principal before walking past her, doing his best to keep his stride at a regular pace even though his heart was beating a little faster. He told himself it was just his imagination, but he knew it wasn't.

No one looking at him would know he was uneasy. Everyone would have thought he was cool and collected, no different from how he typically appeared on TV or print.

He was also dressed exquisitely, his Italian suit handmade and somehow making him sexier than a guy in swimming trunks. There was just something about a man capable of carrying a ten-thousand-dollar suit without any difficulty that was infinitely appealing, breathlessly so if the gasps of the teachers and students who spotted him were anything to go by.

Again, he relied on his GPS to search for his sister, and it took him out of the school building and into an old but picturesque stone path that led to a greenhouse. As he came closer, its glass walls revealed its occupants, which were Diana and...

****

"You don't say...yay anymore."

Mairi glanced up, startled, and then she was tempted to look away again when she realized it was Damen's younger sister talking to her. Diana strongly resembled Damen in looks - strong enough that it made her remember what she had been trying for so many sleepless nights to forget.

The dark-haired girl had an uncertain smile on her face, forcing Mairi to muster a smile of her own. Diana's shyness came from having an unsupportive mother, and having met Esther Leventis herself, Mairi could certainly relate.

"You mean I say it less than a hundred times a day?" She wanted to sound lighthearted, but her voice cracked at the end.

"Something like that."

Diana was still at the entrance of the greenhouse, hovering, and Mairi waved at her to come in. A feeling of deja vu struck her, but she pushed it aside.

Her student came to her side, quietly gazing as Mairi continued to arrange the newly transplanted roses. The head gardener had used a small portion of the monthly budget to replace old and broken pots with beautiful clay ones, and Mairi had volunteered to take over the arrangement.

These days, she liked volunteering for anything. It helped take her mind off things, never mind if it also added permanent dark circles under her eyes.

"Are you homesick?" Diana asked. She missed the old Ms. Yay, the one that kept them laughing, deliberately or accidentally. But nowadays, the older woman appeared sadder, weaker, and thinner - like someone wilting away.

"Yes," Mairi lied.

There was a small noise behind them, the glass doors sliding open once more. Thinking it was the head gardener, Mairi turned, a proud smile on her face because she truly thought she did a good job with the arrangement.

But it was not the head gardener.

Rather, it was the guy messing with her head.

Damen Leventis walked towards them with an air of arrogance and icy hauteur. He looked more gorgeous than she had allowed herself to recall, more masculine, more sophisticated - more everything than she wanted him to be.

It made her extra conscious of how less she was, compared to the old her. Mairi was also underdressed compared to him, in an oversized baseball shirt and an old pair of flannel pants.

From now on, I'm going to do gardening in Chanel and Louboutin heels, Mairi told herself even as she felt herself getting paler and paler the closer Damen got to them.

Finally, he stopped at his sister's side. His lips curved into a warm smile as he bent down to receive Diana's kiss on his cheek, her face glowing with surprised pleasure.

"What brings you here?" Diana asked excitedly.

He smiled briefly before turning to Mairi. It was the only time he allowed himself to fully take in how she was, and the sight of her was like a punch to the stomach.

It wasn't because she was more beautiful or sexier. If anything, she had become a paler version of herself. But what stunned Damen was how much he had missed her.

And he did, more than he thought possible. He looked at her and he wanted to kiss her, wanted to take her into his arms and lose himself in her scent, her touch, her passion.

He wanted so many things, but the moment their gazes met, another feeling struck him. Guilt. The hot and shameful kind, making Damen feel defensive and causing him to sound chillingly polite as he said, "Ms. Tanner."

He was speaking to her as if nothing had happened. It made her feel cheap and stupid. How could he speak to her like that? She opened her mouth to try and do the same, be polite and not let his sister and student know that they had a past.

But no words came out.

Because at that moment, she saw the ring around his finger, gleaming under the strong and powerful lights of the greenhouse.

When she had gotten back to her room from the library that night, the first thing Mairi had done was research about the party the couple had thrown. She had been hoping for a simple article, but with just one search she had gotten the worst results - official video coverage of the event, posted on the Leventis Incorporated's website.

She had watched with eyes blinded with tears and a heart that kept bleeding as Alina Kokinos had offered a ring to Damen.

"...a small token of my deep happiness and the honor and privilege I feel for being your future wife."

But it had hurt even worse when Damen had taken the ring and worn it, saying amidst thunderous applause, "I am honored by your token and will treasure it always."

A small pain-filled cry escaped her, the memory like a knife stab to the heart.

She tried to speak, but no words came out because there really wasn't anything to say. He did not think of her as someone worthy of marrying, of loving - of respecting.

He saw the way Mairi's eyes teared up, and he understood - he goddamn understood each and every feeling in the hundreds of emotions that misted her gaze.

"Mairi-"

She spun away and walked out as quickly as she could. She knew by doing so she was giving herself away, but she just couldn't be in the same room he was in and not die. She wished it was an exaggeration, but it was not.

He made herself feel like the worst kind of character in a novel - the girl who would never be the heroine because she was not the kind that any hero could ever love.

As her teacher left in a hurry, the look on her face was horribly easy to read. A gasp came out of Diana's mouth, and when her brother started after Ms. Yay, Diana cried out, "No!"

Damen stilled.

Running in front of him, she burst out furiously, "How could you?" She couldn't recall being this angry with her brother. Throughout the years, she had seen him coldly break women's hearts, dozens of them, and she had thought the women were stupid for falling for him in the first place.

But now that it was someone she knew - someone Diana liked, respected, and cared for - she finally had an inkling of what those women had gone through and could empathize with them.

When Damen didn't answer but instead tried to move past her again, she blocked his way, protesting, "No!"

"This is none of your business-"

"She's my teacher!"

"She's my lover!"

Diana shut up, stunned not by the words but by the tone of possessiveness that underscored it. Even so, she could not get Ms. Yay's face out of her mind.

"Don't go after her. I'll go talk to her instead. You don't deserve-"

He cut her off flatly. "I may not deserve her, but I will still go after her." For a moment, he wasn't speaking to Diana as a brother, but as a man whose hold over his woman was being threatened - a man who would do anything to keep his woman in his possession.

"I'll warn you just this once, Diana. Do not interfere. This is our business alone, not yours."

Chapter Three

To trust a Greek billionaire, one must remember that he does not ever mean to hurt you. He only thinks he's always right.

She said: Always.

He said: You will not get an argument from me about that.

Mairi stopped moving only when her ill-exercised limbs were no longer able to work and her chest was heaving too hard for her to breathe properly.

She looked around, realizing a second later that she had run blindly to the back of the school, with the beach near enough that she could smell the salt in the air.

Hearing the lightest footsteps, Mairi assumed it was Diana looking for her and as she turned around, she tried to think of what to say that would not make her look like the fool she really was.

But again, Damen ended up surprising her.

"You!" She backed away immediately at the look of resolve on Damen's face. Why was he here? Why had he come after her? What did he want?

So many questions she wanted to ask but didn't. If she did, Mairi knew it would make her look like she still cared.

He took a step forward, and she backed up a step, too.

Damen stilled. "I'm not playing this game with you."

"Good." And then she turned around and started to run again.

What the f**k-

He gave her one, two, three seconds, but when it was clear she really did intend to run away like a child, he swore under his breath and went after her.

"Stop!"

"No!"

"Stop!"

"NO!"

They had covered about ten meters of distance by then, and he did not care to cover another ten. Stopping, Damen said hardly, "If you do not stop running away from me, I shall let the school know about us."

Mairi forced herself to stop, blanching at the threat. Spinning around to face him, she hissed, "Bastard!"

Damen stalked towards her. Everything inside her told Mairi to run away again, but she didn't, gritting her teeth as she fought against her fears. She didn't really even understand what was making her so terrified right now. All she knew was that if he came closer-

Three feet.

She couldn't think.

Two feet.

Oh God, if he came near her-

One foot away now-

Oh.

Mairi choked on an unexpected sob.

This was what she had been unconsciously afraid of, Mairi realized. That she would break down in his presence - again.

"Mairi-" He reached out for her but stopped when she raised a trembling hand, doing it in a way that made it seem like she saw him as someone who could harm her.

His arm fell to his side, his chest constricting. He wanted to shake her, to shout that this was him, Damen - the man whose bed she belonged to. He would never hurt her, dammit. Never!

But of course that would be a lie.

"Tell me," he said hoarsely.

Her stricken gaze lifted up to meet his.

"Tell me where you're coming from, dammit. How could you think I'd ever believe that you've fallen in love with me in the span of a day-"

Damen stopped speaking when a strange sound came from Mairi's lips. An instant later, he realized she was close to being hysterical, her tears mingling with her laughter.

"Oh God, tell you?" She repeated his words with a choked, tear-stained laugh. "You wouldn't believe me if I did."

"I won't believe you because it's not true." He wanted to force Mairi to see the truth in his words, but instead of shaming her into confessing that it was all a lie or a game to her, Mairi only sobbed harder.

"Tell you," she repeated again. "Tell you where I'm coming from, you say. Fine - I'll tell you." Wiping the tears from her gaze, Mairi said, "I was young when my parents died and my mom's older sisters took me in. They were both career-driven and childless and they didn't know what to do with me. But because they loved me, they tried their best. And because I was used to being lulled to sleep with bedtime stories, they gave me that - only, their version of bedtime stories were found in drugstore paperbacks, where the heroes were almost always Greek billionaires and the girls were ordinary and nice and simple. Girls like me," she said bitterly, "-and guys like you, in other words."

When Mairi looked at Damen, her face was ravaged with tears but her eyes were completely clear - completely transparent. "That's why I fell in love with you so quickly. I thought you were like those guys from the books, but...you're not. You're not."

The way she looked at him stung. The way she spoke about him hurt. Again, he felt himself becoming defensive and he snapped, "Of course I'm not like them - I'm goddamn real and they're not!"

But she only shook her head.

"Do you know how crazy you sound?" he demanded, furious at the way she was still looking at him and furious at the way she made him feel wrong for not believing in her bat-crazy story.

"If you think I'm-"

"I don't care what you think! It's the truth! I'm a crazy girl for taking one look at you and thinking that you're the Greek billionaire I've been waiting for my whole life. I take one look at you and forget about the other Greek billionaire I met. I took one look at you and I fell in love with you! I'm that kind of crazy girl so please-" Her voice broke.

Her head dropped. "Please," she choked out. "Please just leave me alone and let me cure myself out of my insanity."

The words destroyed him. As she cried in front of him, Damen tried to think of a way to make it better again for her - for him - for them. There was something to fix - but what? He wished he goddamn knew what exactly was wrong between them so he could do something.

"It doesn't have to be this way," he gritted out. He ached to hold her, to have her back in his arms, but he knew he would kill any remaining pride in her if he did. The way she looked at him told Damen that she would give in if he did touch her - and if she did, she would hate herself for it.

"It has to be," she whispered, still not looking at him. "You're right, Damen. I know you're right. I'm crazy for falling in love with you just like that, and believe me - believe me when I tell you that I'm doing my best to stop." She stopped, needing a moment to just breathe through the suffocating pain inside her.

Right now, all she could think of was how Damen was so close but she could never hold him now, could never touch him or kiss him because he had never been hers.

Oh God, oh God, he had taken her to his bed, had made her bleed with his c**k inside her but all the time he had not been hers.

A great racking sob shook her body and she felt faint, nearly light-headed with the pain. "Please, Damen," Mairi whispered. "I have no pride left. I'll beg if I have to. Please...please leave me alone."

Chapter Four

To trust a Greek billionaire, one must remember that their pride will make them more willing to listen to their rival than the woman they love.

She said (with a gasp): Is this true?

He said (with a tight-lipped look): The editor must have misinterpreted my Greek.

He said: Note to editor - I told you to reword this and make it sound more reasonable and less emotional, dammit!

Damen was half-slouched on the luxurious leather couch next to the thirty-foot-tall windows of the gentlemen's club he belonged to. It was an old and old-fashioned establishment, with membership "inherited" rather than purchased. In keeping with tradition, women - with absolutely no exceptions - were forbidden entry. All those employed by the club were also men.

With the mood he was in, it was the best place for Damen to be.

As Damen drank the rest of his whiskey, the alert waiter standing behind him immediately came forward to pour him another shot the moment he set the glass on the table.

Nodding his thanks, he gazed at the blurry reflection that the cubes of ice inside the glass created. It was not his image he saw, though. All he saw right now - all he saw during the past few days was her.

If he closed his eyes, all he could see was her shining face with its sweet dreamy expression - the one she had every time he surprised her with a kiss. He vividly remembered the way she said 'hi' in a breathless daze after each surprising kiss, like he was kissing her for the very first time and she was blown away by it.

Whenever she looked at him like that, whenever she said 'hi' like that, he felt like a teenager who had scored his first kiss, too - the sweetest and hottest kiss of his life.

A shadow fell over him, and by the time he looked up Ioniko Vlahos had taken the other leather armchair across him. A new glass was immediately placed before the other man, followed by a shot of vodka. The club's waiters were not only trained to be courteous and quick to serve, but they were also expected to memorize each and every preference of the club's esteemed members, from their choice of liquor to their favorite brand of cigar.

"Trouble in paradise this early?" Ioniko asked mockingly and was rewarded with a darkened expression on the other man's face.

"Fuck you."

"I would rather f**k-"

Damen's fist slammed into the table. "Don't," he bit out. "Or I swear to God, I'll thrash you-"

Ioniko's laugh cut him off. "Do you think that scares me?"

"Mairi is mine, Vlahos. Don't make the mistake of forgetting it."

He looked at Damen Leventis, whose face was inscrutable. His instincts told him that something had gone wrong between Leventis and Mairi, thus giving him the chance that he had long been waiting for.

With every second that passed and Vlahos still hadn't spoken, Damen became tenser and tenser. "She's mine." Damen felt like he needed to repeat the words.

After a beat, Ioniko only raised a brow as he questioned, "Is she?"

It was clearly meant to goad Damen into a temper, and his teeth clamped together at the effort it took him not to rise to the bait.

"Don't forget that I, too, have a sister studying in the school she teaches. When you ask the right questions, you get the right answers, Leventis. And I do know what to ask." Ioniko leaned forward, wanting the other man to see the determination and ruthlessness in his eyes.

"Mairi is no longer yours and this time, I will not take no for an answer."

****

"Aren't you going to answer your phone?" Mandy finally demanded in exasperation, her ears already on fire after hearing her friend's phone ring nonstop during the past hour. It had been a tiring day for the entire faculty, with the requisite meeting with the school board and the interview-slash-interrogation that came with it emotionally draining.

It was only eight in the evening but all Mandy wanted to do was sleep - and she would, right after she figured out how to silence Mairi's incessantly ringing phone.

The ringing stopped.

Just as Mandy started to sigh with relief, the ringing started again. "Mairi! Answer it!"

"No."

Mandy blinked at the curt tone, which surprised her enough to make her sit up on the bed. She gazed at Mairi worriedly, who was lying on her back, her eyes on the ceiling. "Are you okay?"

The ringing stopped then resumed again for another series.

"Dammit!" Velvet, whose bed was next to the windows, jumped to her feet and stalked to Mairi's bed. She grabbed the phone from the bedside table.

Mairi whitened. "Don't-"

Velvet's jaw dropped. "Damen Leventis is calling you?"

"Yes," she managed to say, fighting back the urge to cover her ears and make Velvet take the words back. The name alone had her swallowing convulsively as she tried to stop the hurtful memories from once again attacking her mind.

"You don't want to speak to him?"

She shook her head.

"Really don't want to speak to him?"

She nodded.

"Okay." And then to her shock, Velvet answered the phone. "Hello?"

It took a moment for Mairi to recover. "Velvet!"

"Oh? You're looking for Mairi? Well, she's not here. She's dead and you f**king killed her by being the world's greatest ass**le. So, Mr. World's Greatest Asshole, don't ever call her again!"

She was still gaping by the time Velvet returned the phone on the bedside table with a satisfied look on her face.

"Velvet..." Her voice trailed off. Mairi didn't know what to say.

Velvet gave her a dry look. "You're supposed to thank me."

Mairi flushed. Sometimes, it just wasn't good to have really smart friends.

"Thank you."

Padding back to her bed, Velvet said over her shoulder, "Even though you don't sound like it - you're welcome." She switched her night light off, plunging the bedroom into darkness.

The softest sound reached Velvet, and she knew that Mandy also knew it was Mairi, doing her best not to cry.

Shit. She hated men. She really hated them. They were all jerks - how could they be anything but jerks when they had the gall to hurt someone as sweet and, well, childish and gullible as Mairi?

"You cry too much," she said gruffly and heard Mandy groan. She knew that it meant Mandy was very close to killing her for being her usual tough-girl self.

Mairi didn't answer.

Velvet wanted to punch someone. The silence was even more awful, somehow making Mairi's pain more intense, like a wound that bled so much they could smell the metallic scent of blood emanating from it.

Should she give Mairi stupid false words of hope just to make her feel better? She wanted to. But she didn't. She couldn't. Men like Damen Leventis were just...

"Mairi, he's not worth crying over."

It took her friend so long to answer that by the time she did, Velvet was halfway asleep.

"I know, Velvet," Mairi whispered, closing her eyes, and when she did all she could see was him. "I know, but I just can't stop."

Chapter Five

To trust a Greek billionaire, you must remember that he also gets hurt and because he's hurt, he may want to hurt you, too.

She said: I mean emotionally.

He said (groaning): Can't you let readers think that it's a macho thing instead? You make me sound so soft, matakia mou.

She said: But you are! I just want to-

He said: Note to editor - Please consult me privately about this. This is not good for my image.

Had Ioniko made his move yet?

It was a question that had been bothering him for three nights now, increasingly so since Mairi had not yet returned any of his calls or messages. Frustration, edginess, and impatience created a furor inside him, making Damen unable to concentrate on the millions of things that demanded his time.

Someone knocked on his door. "Enter," Damen rapped out abruptly, his temper igniting for no reason at the intrusion. He had a very short fuse these days, and he knew it was only a matter of time before something had to give.

Bart nervously came inside his employer's office. He was in his early twenties, a little heavy-set and dorky-looking. Thousands of individuals had applied for the job as the billionaire's PA-slash-secretary, many of them with more impressive work experience and better academic credentials than him. And yet Bart had beaten all of them, simply because he had been the only one with the courage - which his mother termed as stupidity at the time - to tell the billionaire that he had miscomputed a certain account and had provided the correct formula for it.

The memory was something Bart desperately clung to now as he made his way further inside. Mr. Leventis is a fair man, he reminded himself. He will not fire me for what I'm about to say.

"Bart?"

It was softly voiced, but Damen's voice still had him jumping nervously.

"S-sir?"

Damen leaned back in his chair, which was custom-designed and handcrafted as was all the other furniture in his spectacularly designed office. It was a symbol of his success, but he took no pleasure in it. At present, all it reminded him was what he did not have - and what Ioniko might already have.

The thought was ruthlessly squashed, but its effect lingered and his tone was positively biting when he refocused on his secretary. "Say what you have to say or leave the office, Bart."

Swallowing, Bart said, "Your mother, ah, learned of your plans to reward Ms. Diana with her own car and has canceled your purchase."

In seconds, he was across the hall and inside his mother's office, not bothering to knock. His mother was in the middle of a meeting, but he didn't f**king care. Without taking his gaze off Esther Leventis, he said, "Out."

Everyone scrambled to do his bidding, leaving the office empty except for mother and son. "How melodramatic," Esther said disdainfully, "-especially since I assume this is about your ill-advised idea for Diana's gift?"

"You had no right to do that, Mother."

"I have every right," she snapped. "I'm her mother and she is yet under aged. If I say a gift is inappropriate, then it is so!"

"She is about to turn seventeen - most young wealthy Greek girls her age have their first cars at the age of fifteen - and that's two years ago!"

"I do not need my daughter to be like other Greek girls. I do not need my daughter to have any silly ideas about being independent and following silly dreams or marrying for true love."

"You want her to grow up without knowing her own mind?" Damen wanted to say more, but honor kept him from giving his mother a real piece of his mind.

"At least I can make sure that she will not follow in your footsteps and give a foreigner upstart the time of day!" The moment the words slipped out, Esther knew immediately that she had said the wrong thing.

Even though she knew it was too late, she was not the type to give up so easily and she began, "Damen-"

"Do not say another word, Mother." He tried to keep a lid on his temper but after everything that had happened, it was impossible. "You dare say such words about her after what you and Father have done with your lives?"

Color suffused her cheeks. She despised the fact that only Damen, her own flesh and blood, was able to say such things to her face. And because he was her son and he had been there throughout that dark part of her life, she was not able to lie or deny the truth.

She knew the better thing to do was not to say another word, but again affronted pride got the better of her and she demanded shrewishly, "Why do you care what I say about her? She is a nobody - a nobody! And you are engaged to the Kokinos heiress! What would their family say if they learned you are crazy over a lowly teacher-"

"At least I can say she was a virgin when I had her, Mother."

Sheer shock at the indirect barb had Esther stiffening. But a second later she recovered, completely losing her mind. "You ungrateful son, how dare you speak to me like that?"

She started screaming and cursing him.

"Do you think that stupid girl will still have you? You took another woman's ring in national TV! You slept with her-" Esther tossed him a contemptuous look. "If you are to be believed, you took her innocence even when you had already promised your name to another woman! And you dare speak to me like you are unlike me?"

Her cackle was pure poison. "Oh, my dear boy, you are exactly like me - the way you callously use other people and discard them when they are unneeded. The only difference is that I've accepted it and you have not."

Damen was lost in the darkness after Esther's words.

Unbidden, a memory flitted through his mind, of him when he was still a little boy, learning the truth about his parents' marriage from a former nanny - and a bitter ex-lover.

He had dropped his toys at the sight of his nanny holding her suitcase. His nannies were always nice, but they also always left, no matter how hard he tried to be a good little boy for them.

"You're going?" Damen was doing his best not to cry and beg for Bella to stay with him. It was getting lonelier in the house, with Diana hidden away in the nursery by her own nanny, a strict hook-nosed woman who seemed to dislike Damen at first sight.

Bella nodded. "Yes, unfortunately. I've fulfilled my duties apparently. But before I go, Little Damen, I want you to know a secret that no one will ever tell you until it's too late and people will start laughing at you."

His nanny used to be a pretty and fun-loving woman. Or at least he had thought she was, but the twisted look on her face had Damen terrified of her instead, feeling like he was talking to someone who only looked like a person he used to know.

"Your parents don't love each other, so stop acting all happy and thinking you have the perfect little family. Open your eyes, you little piece of privileged shit. All your parents care about are themselves - not you or Diana. Do you really think they're sorry for missing all those award ceremonies in your school or your recitals?"

Instinct had Damen covering his ears, but the older woman only laughed as she forcibly pulled his hands down. "You need to hear this, Damen. It's for your own good. Remember when I told you that your parents were just too busy working for you and that's why they didn't come to give you a hug at night? Your mother's too busy working, yeah, but she doesn't give a damn about you. The first time I came to this house, her first words were, 'Make him believe I love him, but keep him away from me. Do that and you'll be set for life.' And your father? Oh, your father barely remembers you exist. During the daytime he f**ks me and all the other women in this household, sometimes more than once."

Bella saw his lips wobbling, and somehow that seemed to enrage her even more. She sneered, "Your parents don't love each other! Get that through your thick head! She was in love with her driver but her parents caught them f**king and forced her to marry your father. Oh, and he was forced, too. I bet nobody told you that your father's gambling debts were the reason that made him propose marriage-"

"STOP IT!" he had shouted, knowing he was close to throwing up if Bella kept talking and saying bad things about his parents.

"You don't believe me? Go to your father's room. The code to his room is 1213. Go on, open it and you'll see it for yourself."

"Why are you doing this to me? What did I do to make you hate me?"

The words had made Bella whiten, as if she was only realizing the magnitude of what she had done. "Damen-"

But it was too late.

He had gone.

He had seen.

And he no longer believed in anything except himself.

When he came back to the present, he realized he was at the helipad, the engine of his copter already running and the pilot waiting for instructions.

"To Diana's school."

As the copter took off, he called Diana on her mobile and when she answered in a wary voice, he said in the same tone, "I need you to find a way to have Mairi meet me privately."

"No! I don't know what you've done to her, but she hasn't been herself-"

His voice was unstable but determined as he interrupted Diana, saying, "I f**ked up."

Everything else Diana had to say became useless at those words.

"She told me..." The words felt like a lie. The past made the words seem like a lie, but Damen refused to listen to the sly voice inside his head. This time he chose to believe.

"Diana, she told me she...loved me...and I want to believe she does."

Tears struck her eyes when the full impact of her brother's words sank in. Why had she ever thought she would be the only one messed up by their parents' dysfunctional marriage?

How could she have never realized that their parents had made Damen stop believing in love and happy endings? That he only believed in happy endings he had to pay for, either with his fame, fortune, or even sex?

"Damen..."

Desperation, pure and simple, made Damen speak again, insistently, without any pride left. If Diana refused, if Ioniko Vlahos made his move before Damen did - he did not know what he would do.

"I need to see her, Diana, so please help me."

****

I don't know who else to turn to, Ms. Yay. I don't want to be expelled. My mother will never forgive me.

"How could she be so stupid?" Mairi muttered to herself even as she hurriedly tied her robe together, slid her feet into her bedroom slippers, and made her way out of the school. It was completely dark outside, which in this case was a good thing since even teachers had to abide by the curfew.

Mairi was careful to avoid being seen in the light, walking in the shadows as she quickly made her way to the back gates of the school. The walls at the back were about eight feet tall - fairly easy to climb over but understandably scary to climb down from. It was the latter Diana Leventis needed help with, having snuck outside school to meet her secret boyfriend.

She shook her head at the thought. Who could that secret boyfriend be? The younger girl must love him so much to risk the wrath of her terrifying mother - or even him.

When she reached her designated meeting place with Diana, she sent Diana a text message. I'm here.

A few seconds later, crackling sounds broke the silence in the air and she whirled around, wondering if Diana had been able to jump down on her own after all.

But it wasn't Diana.

She started to run, but this time Damen was prepared and in seconds he had pushed her down, trapping Mairi between his hard body and the ground. When he saw her preparing to scream, he immediately covered her mouth with his palm.

"Scream and you'll get kicked out of this school."

Realizing that he had a point, she bit him instead.

Damen hissed in pain above her, but he still didn't let go, didn't even move an inch to give her a fighting chance of escaping.

It felt surreal to be this close to him again, surreal and painfully nostalgic to have his hard body touch hers in this kind of position. She was tempted to cry, but she strove not to. She would rather poke her eyes out than waste her tears on a lying, cheating bastard like Damen Leventis again.

The softness of Mairi's ripe figure made him remember X-rated versions of the past, and he gritted his teeth in an effort to clamp down on his arousal. It was not the right time to feel like this - yet.

Meeting her dark brown eyes, he said, "I just need you to listen to me - one last time. And if after this, you still want me to go, then..." It went against everything he believed in to say the next words but he forced them out.

"If you still want me to go, then I will."

She stilled, gazing at him unblinkingly, but she did not say a thing.

He decided to take that as a yes and took a deep breath. Making a speech in front of millions of people, in front of royalty and world leaders - all of it was a piece of cake compared to this.

Those talks had not promised anything he wanted more than life itself. But this conversation - no, this revelation of his - if it did not work, Damen felt like what he'd lose was worth more than his life.

Gazing at Mairi's sweet beautiful face, seeing the way her dark brown eyes were filled with misery she was doing her best to conceal and the way her lips were trembling in an effort to control the tears-

After so many years of only believing in himself, of thinking that he could only trust himself, Damen decided to take a leap of faith. He decided to believe that, against all odds Mairi Tanner - a girl whose company he enjoyed for only several days - was indeed in love with him.

And because she was, he owed it to her to do this much.

"Mairi."

His voice was unsteady, so unlike the Greek billionaire she once knew and fell in love with.

"You told me where you were coming from and...I hurt you by not believing you were in love with me." Damen waited her to correct him - to tell him with her naive but adorable honesty that she was still in love with Damen.

But she did not.

His heart hammered with fear that he was too late, that Ioniko Vlahos had indeed made his move already and there was no one for him to go back to.

Forcing himself to go on even as hopelessness and despair threatened to make Damen falter, he said, "This time, I want to tell you where I'm coming from...and if you understand why I did what I did then I want you..."

She had told herself she would not let herself believe in anything he said. She had told herself she would not let herself weaken, but the moment she saw that haunted look on Damen's face, she knew it was no use denying the truth - she still loved him.

"What, Damen?" she whispered shakily. "What do you want me to do?"

Damen closed his eyes. "I want...I'm begging you to teach me to believe that you love me."

Chapter Six

To trust a Greek billionaire, you must remember that doing so is a risk in itself.

"So I'm writing a book," Mairi lied one week later over the phone to her aunts.

"Oooooooh," Aunt Norah exclaimed, her tone impressed.

"What's it about?" Aunt Vilma asked.

"Well, a romance, sort of like my own Harlequin," Mairi said vaguely, crossing her fingers as she did. "And I'm stuck with my plot. Coz you see, there's this girl, and her, err, Greek billionaire doesn't believe in love. He's got issues-"

"You're on the right track," Aunt Vilma said approvingly.

"They always do," Aunt Norah added knowingly.

"-and well, bottom line, he doesn't believe in love. So when she said she was in love with him, he didn't believe her at first. But in the end, he's willing to try."

"It's getting exciting," Aunt Norah remarked.

"I'm glad you think so. Because here's where I'm stuck - Da - the guy, I mean, he wants to take things slowly between them. He wants to give love a try, but he wants to keep himself protected and he doesn't want her hurt either."

Aunt Vilma exclaimed crossly, "Oh, for the love of God, just tell us what the catch is!"

"He thinks they should continue dating other people while they explore their feelings for each other."

Silence.

Mairi asked nervously, "Bad idea?"

They spoke at the same time.

"It's a great idea," Aunt Vilma raved. "What a unique but beautiful twist, darling! I don't think I've ever seen a Greek billionaire that stupid-"

Mairi winced at the word.

"-in all the Harlequin novels we've read."

Aunt Norah added musingly, "I think she should say 'yes'. It would make an interesting story."

"I'm glad you think it's interesting, but do you think this kind of, umm, twist will lead to a happily ever after?"

"Oh, but of course darling. As long as they love each other, there will always be a happy ending. Silly you for asking something that simple."

When she put the phone down ten minutes later, Mairi squared her shoulders as she switched her car's engine off and got out of the car. The tribe has spoken, she told herself as she made her way to the restaurant and provided her name to the maitre d'. She was going to-

"Mairi Tanner?"

Blinking at the sound of her name, she backtracked slowly, blushing as she realized she had totally walked past the man she was supposed to be watching out for.

Dark red shirt, dark jeans, and matching red loafers. A perfect match of the description provided by the guy she had been exchanging text messages with earlier - the guy she was supposed to have a blind date with.

He was of medium height, with dark blond hair and twinkling gray eyes. Totally harmless-looking and cute in a boy-next-door kind of way.

He was also looking at her like he knew she had not recognized him at all.

She began awkwardly, "I am so sorry-"

He waved the apology away with a friendly grin. "It's cool. You looked like you were seriously thinking about something. I'm JB, by the way."

Mairi took the hand he offered and shook it shyly. "Mairi." She did her best not to blush as he let go of her hand a second later than he should and at the way he took his time looking at her, not hiding how appreciative he was of her looks.

Then again, she had done her best for today's date. She had dressed her hair up, applied some nice makeup, and even bought a new cotton dress that showed off her slim arms and hugged her every curve.

As they took their seats and gave their orders, Mairi tried to keep her mind focused on JB and not the Greek billionaire who was also on a date...with his fiancee.

The thought caused a pang but she shook it away. Happy ending, she reminded herself. As long as they loved each other, they would have their happy ending.

****

Two f**king hours, Damen thought, his nerves frayed, his temper at a boiling point as he observed from the private confines of his car the couple inside the restaurant.

Mairi looked like she was having a grand time. On the other hand, her date - whoever the f**k that man was - looked like he was having even more fun, the way his gaze constantly alternated between Mairi's beautiful smiling lips and her cle**age, of which an ample amount was displayed by her sexy-as-hell dress.

Damen knew exactly what the man was thinking simply because in that kind of dress, he, too, couldn't help thinking the same thing. That man was imagining how it would be like to have those strawberry-pink lips wrapped around his c**k and how her lovely abundant br**sts would taste in return.

He checked his phone.

Still no text message.

They had agreed that they would not question each other while they spent time with others. It had sounded logical and reasonable in his mind when he had made his suggestion about taking it slowly and not making any commitment to each other.

But right now, it was beginning to feel like the stupidest idea he'd had in years.

Inside the restaurant, the guy suddenly leaned forward and touched the corner of Mairi's mouth, making her blush. Damen's fist slammed against the door of his car.

Fucking jerk had probably made some lame excuse about having seen something on her face.

"Take me to the back exit," he ordered his chauffeur. Enough was enough. He didn't care if he was being unfair, didn't care that if it was the other way around, he would think Mairi unreasonable for stopping his fiancee from touching his face.

If he saw that guy touch her one more time, Damen was sure he'd be committing murder. It was no exaggeration.

As the driver brought the limousine around, Damen sent a curt message to Mairi, knowing exactly what to say to get her moving.

****

Don't panic. I need to talk to you as soon as possible.

Those words had Mairi panicking of course. Oh my God, what could make someone like Damen Leventis type those words? Don't panic? Did that mean there was something she should be panicking about? Was that something causing him to be secretly panicky about but just didn't want to look less than manly in her eyes?

She almost jumped out of her chair in her haste, surprising JB. "I'm sorry, but I, umm, need to make an emergency call. Is that okay?"

JB's gaze was concerned as he nodded. "Sure, don't worry about me. Anything I can do?"

"I'll let you know." She was already backing away as she answered him. "Thank you so much for understanding. I'll be back as soon as I can." She spun around and hurried to the ladies' room, not bothering to wait for his answer.

The ladies' room was completely dark when she opened the door. It was strange, but she did not have time to think about it. She switched the light on even as she fumbled to get her phone out of her purse.

"Got you!" she exclaimed when her fingers came into contact with the familiar shape of her iPhone. She looked up and screamed.

Or at least she tried to.

Damen was there in front of her, and the moment she had opened her mouth, he kissed her. In the next second, he had swept her up in his arms, causing her phone and purse to clatter to the floor.

When he let her up for air, she demanded breathlessly, "What are you doing here?"

It was a question he was not ready or able to answer for now, and so Damen did the next best thing and that was to kiss her again, to both their satisfaction.

The door started to open and he moved fast, locking them inside one of the small cubicles and kicking her stuff - Mairi winced at this - inside with them by the time someone entered the room.

As they were in one of most expensive restaurants in town, everything was pristine and luxurious, the dark rose marbled walls shiny and scrubbed clean, with the cubicle's thick and heavy door made of varnished wood.

When Damen pushed her against the door, Mairi's legs still wrapped around his waist, the impact barely made a sound.

Motioning her to keep quiet with a finger to his lips, he inched her dress up to her waist. When his hand went to the edge of her panties, Mairi recovered from her shock and shook her head wildly.

What the hell was he thinking? JB - her date - was still outside, waiting for her! Did he think-

Damen yanked on her panties, tearing it apart instantly.

She moaned silently in shock, embarrassment, and excitement.

After stuffing it inside his pocket, he wasted no time dipping his fingers into her heat and was immediately rewarded with her beautiful honeyed wetness.

A gasp escaped her.

Outside, a woman asked a bit nervously, "Hello?"

Answer her, Damen mouthed with a wicked grin even as he started thrusting his fingers in and out of her.

"Hello?" the woman called out again, sounding even more nervous this time.

"S-sorry," Mairi managed to croak out. "I'm having, umm, period cramps." Damen chose to tease her cl*t then, forcing out another unexpected gasp from her.

She glared at Damen, but soon she was whimpering silently again as a completely unabashed Damen used his thumb to continue playing with her cl*t while his other fingers maintained its exquisitely rough pace.

Outside, the woman said, "Oh, I'm sorry! Is there anything I can do?"

"N-nothing..." Damen, the wicked man, had withdrawn his fingers and was licking them dry now. The look on his face, as if he was savoring her taste, made her shudder in pleasure, and her head fell back, slamming against the door.

Damen's eyes widened in concern even as she yelped in startled pain.

"Are you really sure you're okay?"

Damen's gaze was asking the same thing.

"S-sorry...I'm really okay, I just need some time to wait for the cramps to go away." She kept her gaze on Damen as she spoke, wanting him to see that she meant the words.

"Oh, well...if you're really sure..."

Mairi started to answer the woman, but then she saw Damen unzipping himself. By the time he had released his fully erect cock, she had completely forgotten her train of thought.

It had been so, so long, she thought. The way she hungered for his touch, it didn't seem believable that she had lived for so many years without knowing it.

But now that she did, now that she knew what she was missing, Mairi admitted to herself that there was no going back. His touch was an unforgettable memory that would turn into a nightmare if there ever came a time they'd part and she wouldn't be able to experience pleasure in Damen's arms again.

"Miss?"

Shit! She had forgotten to speak.

She opened her mouth-

Swiiish.

There was that unmistakable sound of wetness as Damen slid his c**k home.

"Oh my God!" The woman outside had heard it, too, and worse, she recognized it for what it was. The door slammed shut a second later.

"Oh my God!" It was Mairi's turn to moan the words out even as her eyes rolled back at Damen's thrusts, which had instantly become wild and forceful now that they were alone.

"She's going to tell management about us!" Mairi knew she should sound more worried and concerned, but most of her mind was focused on the scorching-hot pleasure she felt every time Damen's c**k sank back into her.

"Then we better make it quick, don't you think?" Damen panted in answer. And with that, he gripped the curves of her butt tightly and began f**king her raw and hard, so much so that the door started to groan every time her back slammed against it.

"Damen!"

"Did you even think about me while you were flirting with your date?"

"Y-you saw us?"

"I didn't just f**king see you," he snarled, jealousy making him cruel and possessive as he tightened his hold on her butt, grinding his c**k into her.

She screamed.

"I saw him, too - saw your date trying to eat you alive with his eyes."

She gasped, "It wasn't-"

"It was exactly like that," he growled. Without warning, he let her slide down to her feet, flipped her around, and pumped his c**k back into her.

"Aah!" Her hands slammed against the door as her back curved down, her legs spreading open to accommodate his cock.

"He wanted to f**k you. And you know that, don't you?" Damen rasped the question against the tender skin of her nape. Not waiting for her answer, he bent down and bit her shoulder.

"Damen!" His bite hurt, but somehow that made the pleasure more intense. She could no longer stop herself from screaming as he pounded into her again and again, forcing her to press her face flat against the door.

With each thrust, her sobs became louder, her body became tenser, and her heart swelled and swelled because each thrust told her a new truth.

Damen was jealous. Damen wanted her to be his. Damen cared.

Someone knocked on the main door.

Mairi tensed.

Uncaring of the intruder, Damen chose that exact time for his fingers to join his cock, teasing her cl*t into stimulating her orgasm as he shoved his c**k into Mairi's heat as hard as he could.

She screamed and he groaned with her, their come mixing together, his seed so abundant it overflowed, leaking out of her pu**y and dripping down her legs.

"Oh Lord." The woman outside - a different one, probably the manager, Mairi thought dazedly - was clearly embarrassed. Mairi was, too, but one look at Damen's face told her that he was not.

She tried to get out of his arms quickly, but he didn't let her, instead taking his time to wipe her dry and re-arrange her clothes.

Damen was the first one to step outside.

The manager recognized him in a flash. "Mr. Leventis!"

He acknowledged it with a cool nod. "I need you to go out and redirect everyone. Tell them this bathroom isn't functional. And after, I'd appreciate it if you completely forget about this." He raised a brow.

"Understood, sir," the manager answered nervously.

When the woman left, he opened the door and, taking Mairi's hand, he guided her out. "Mairi?"

She had listened to Damen's exchange with the restaurant manager and had known that the other person assumed it was Alina Kokinos standing inside the cubicle. The knowledge had hurt, but when she looked into Damen's eyes, the pain eased.

In his eyes, she saw that he was worried about her, that he cared about her, that he needed her.

The twists don't matter, she whispered silently to herself. In the end, if they loved each other, they would have their happy ending. She had to believe that.

When Mairi still didn't speak, fear and tension had his body stiffening. He asked tautly, "Mairi?"

Swallowing, she made herself answer. "I'm okay. Thank you for...protecting my identity."

He relaxed after a beat, seeing that she was not mad at him. Just looking at her made him want to touch her - not sexually, but just to keep them connected.

His heart clenched. Was this how love felt? The real kind?

Mairi's lips parted in wonder as she watched Damen slowly lift one hand up and caress her cheek. She wanted to kiss his fingers, and after a moment's hesitation, she turned her face to the side and did it.

He stilled, the kiss startling him. More than that, it felt like a healing touch, which was strange since he had not even known he was...wounded.

Closing his eyes, with her lips pressed against his palm, her fingers stroking his cheek, Damen could almost make himself believe that Mairi Tanner was indeed in love with him.

Chapter Seven

To trust a Greek billionaire, one must accept that their breed also has a tendency to go through denial.

He said: Breed, eh? You make us sound like dogs who have a hard time accepting who their master is.

She said: Now that you've said it...but really, really gorgeous-looking dogs, though.

"You look pleased with yourself." His friend, Stavros Manolis, remarked in a low aside as they sat next to each other on the front row, which was reserved for VIP guests of the celebrity tennis match both their companies were sponsoring.

Everywhere around them, people were in a frenzy, unable to bear the sheer excitement and joy of seeing two gorgeous and eligible Greek billionaires in one place.

After shaking each other's hands and exchanging grins, Damen answered simply, "Life has been good, yes."

Stavros smirked. "Come on, Damen. I've known you for years so there's no point with this bullshit. Which lovely woman has caught your eye?"

The words stunned him, but not because Stavros had easily guessed it was a woman making him feel this way. "Why do you think you need to ask?"

"Because, my friend, I have always known you do not feel a thing for Alina Kokinos."

When Damen did not answer, Stavros raised a brow. In a low murmur, "Everyone knows it is not a love match, Damen - even Alina. I doubt she expects you to be faithful to her."

Damen knew Stavros was probably right, but it did not sit well with him. The world might not expect him to be faithful to Alina, but the world would recognize her as his wife - not Mairi.

"Stavros," he said slowly, "Why aren't you still married?"

Stavros tried to laugh the question off. "What is this? Pre-wedding jitters?"

Damen forced a smile. "Perhaps."

They did not speak for a while after that, the match finally commencing with Greece's national anthem playing. The usual ceremonies followed suit, and both of them fell into their roles with ease, alternating between charm and aloofness. The crowds had to be charmed, but lines had to be drawn, too. It was a tedious routine, but it was necessary because there were very few people that billionaires like them could truly trust.

Almost an hour had passed by the time they completed their duties and yet, he had not forgotten his conversation with his friend. He looked at Stavros to ask him again, but this time he didn't have to.

Stavros answered quietly, "It is because I believe I may have met the right girl and I was forced to let her go."

Looking at his friend, Damen knew that Stavros had lost himself in the past.

When Stavros spoke again, however, it was for Damen's sake. "By asking me this, Damen, I think you may have found the right girl, too."

"Since I am presently engaged," he said with forced lightness, "I certainly hope so."

Stavros shook his head. "You know what I mean, Damen. So if you think you've met her - don't f**k it up like I did."

The words stayed on his mind even well after the celebrity match between the two popular tennis pros had ended and he and Stavros parted ways.

When he was with Mairi, he could not remember being any happier. But even after all this time, Damen was still unable to make himself completely believe she really was in love with him. Or, as Stavros put it, that she really was the one.

And while he could not make up his mind, how long would Mairi be willing to wait?

It was a question he didn't want to have the answer to. It also made him think of Mairi, and suddenly all Damen wanted was to hear her voice. When she talked to him, even about the silliest of things, he was at ease.

Dialing her number, Damen waited for Mairi to answer the phone. She normally answered after one or two rings, but this time it took him two calls before she picked up the phone.

"Hello?"

He could barely understand her, the crackling noise over the line distorting her voice.

Frowning, Damen demanded, "Mairi? Where are you?"

She answered, but this time her voice was totally incomprehensible.

With a frown, he ended the call and sent her an SMS. Where are you? What are you doing? Call me the moment you can.

Mairi: So demanding...I love it. 3

The words made him smile, but when over half an hour had passed and she still had not called, he became edgy and tense. His mind conjured all sorts of scenarios, none of them pleasant. Dammit, if something happened to Mairi-

Gritting his teeth, Damen called the head of his security. "Get another team set up. I want them following Mairi Tanner 24/7 undercover."

Another half hour had passed before his phone rang again. He was in his office by then, and he answered it right away, demanding, "Where the hell are you?"

"Hello to you, too," she answered teasingly.

Damen was not in the mood to be teased, though. He had been pacing restlessly in his office, waiting for her call. "Answer me, Mairi." At the back of his mind was the worry that the moment he turned his back on her, someone would make Mairi open her eyes and realize the truth. That she-

"I love you," she said very sweetly over the phone.

His chest constricted. How could she say it so easily even though he had never returned the words?

With a sigh, he said, "I'm sorry for being an angry, grumpy jerk. I was just worried."

"It's okay," Mairi said soothingly, secretly touched by his admission that he was worrying about her.

"You still haven't answered me."

"It's because I'm not at my destination yet."

"Which is...where?" He got a giggle as an answer, something that would normally irritate him but with Mairi it came out as adorable instead.

Smiling to herself, excited at how Damen would react, Mairi said, "Your home. See you there!"

Mairi ended the call.

For three seconds, he was just stunned.

She was on her way to his home?

The truth hit him.

Oh f**k!

Why now?

****

Mairi hummed to herself as she Dougie-danced her way to the back door exit of his apartment, which he gave her a key to. Sometimes, she was bothered by their arrangement, but whenever she was, Mairi only had to remind herself of Damen's own words.

It was purely a business arrangement between him and Alina Kokinos, so there was nothing to be guilty about.

Sometimes, the words rang true. Other times, it didn't.

Either way, when his words were not enough, Mairi had one last resort, made of just three words.

I love him.

She recited the words as she reached for the knob, which turned easily in her fingers, stunning Mairi. Damen was here already?

The apartment was brightly lit, making her heart jump in excitement. He really was here! He had learned that she was on his way to surprise him and so he decided to surprise her in return. How sweet was that? Didn't that mean he loved her?

She climbed the stairs quietly, wondering if she would stumble across him first or if it would be the other way around. Tiptoeing to the first door on the second floor, Mairi opened the door slowly-

"Damen?"

The voice so shocked her that she lost control of the door, and it swung open completely. Mairi stumbled inside.

Esther Leventis gazed at her in angry shock. The older woman was the first to recover and she snapped, "Why are you here? Who let you in?"

Her first instinct was to run away and let Damen deal with the fallout. But the instinct soon passed, thankfully, and Mairi managed to stand her ground. "Good evening, Mrs. Leventis."

"If you don't leave this very moment, I'm going to call security!"

"I'm afraid that won't do any good," she said apologetically even as she winced at the evil look that Damen's mother threw her way. "Damen himself gave me a key."

Something had changed about the woman, Esther realized, incensed at the way the younger girl was having such an easy time handling herself in her presence. The little upstart had grown a spine, but if she thought that was enough to put her on the same level as Esther, the slut was in for a nasty surprise.

"I'm giving you one last warning, you slut. I know who you are - I've done my research. If I catch one more whiff of you sniffing around my son, I'll have you expelled from that school." She snapped her fingers. "Just like that."

Chapter Eight

To trust a Greek billionaire, one must remember they communicate best through sex.

She said: You seriously want to say that?

He said: You seriously must ask?

"Mairi?" Damen roared the moment he got to his apartment. He had not caught sight of his mother's car anywhere, but even so he was still worried. What he and Mairi had was still fragile and so easily broken. If Esther messed things up between them, there would be hell to pay.

When there wasn't any sign of Mairi in the living room, he bounded up the stairs, taking it four steps at a time with his long-legged stride. "Mairi?"

He shouted her name over and over as he checked each room. His chest tightened with anxiety more and more with every empty room. By the time he had reached his bedroom, he had lost all hope.

It was dark. There was no sign of life.

Shit.

She was gone.

He leaned heavily against the doorway, hope completely gone. What was he going to do now? What the f**k was he going to do now?

The question had him gasping for breath. It reminded him of the time he had been forced to see the truth by Bella, the time when he had literally come across his father cheating on his mother, in their own bedroom.

What are you doing, Papa?

GO AWAY, DAMN YOU! BELLA, I'LL KILL YOU FOR THIS!

And just when he had thought at that time that it couldn't get any worse, his mother arrived. The first thing she had heard as she came into their home's vast foyer were his father's screams, Bella shouting back, and it was incredibly easy for Esther Leventis to put one and one together.

"SURPRISE!" Mairi jumped out from her hiding place, crouched down on the floor behind the bed.

Damen jerked.

Mairi's smile vanished as she took in Damen's appearance. He was completely white, looking like someone had just died on him. "Damen?" she whispered.

In two angry strides, he had gotten across the room and started shaking her. "What the hell did you think you were doing?" he roared at her face.

She felt herself shrinking at the sight of his rage. "Surprising...you?"

Damen shook her harder. "I thought you were gone!" He glared and scowled at her even as his heart kept beating faster, his mind still unable to comprehend that it had been a false alarm.

Looking down at her confused face, Damen bit out, "I thought you had left me!"

Understanding dawned. "You knew she was here?"

He nodded curtly. "Did she do anything to you? Did she say anything that hurt you or made you worry?" He couldn't get the questions out fast enough. He needed to make sure Esther had left no damage. He couldn't have Mairi gone again from his life. Not now and not ever.

Blinking back sudden tears at the worry darkening his face, Mairi shook her head and smoothed the hair away from his forehead. "It's alright, Damen. It's alright. She tried to make me go away, but she didn't succeed."

He stiffened. "What do you mean 'tried'?"

Mairi haltingly explained Esther's threat.

Damn his interfering mother! "I won't let that happen," he promised Mairi fiercely. "So don't-"

"Damen." She said his name quietly, gently, needing him to look at her and really listen to her. She cupped his face, using her touch to help him relax.

"Damen, relax. There's nothing to worry about." She smiled up at him tremulously, her love for Damen burning brightly in her eyes.

The sight of it made Damen catch his breath. "Mairi-"

"It's okay. I'm okay. I dealt with your mother."

He asked hoarsely, "How?"

Mairi evaded his gaze. "Well..."

"Mairi, say it."

"I...umm...warned her that if she really does have me kicked out, I'm going to embrace my life as a mistress, live off you like a leech, and turn you into a sex slave because what she doesn't know is that you're secretly a masochistic sub who likes being chained and whipped by...umm...me?"

For a moment, all Damen could do was stare. His innocent quirky Mairi had said...that?

Esther Leventis was acknowledged as one of the most powerful women in Greece, and yet his beautiful girl had successfully intimidated her into retreating with a mind-boggling lie.

Mairi fidgeted at Damen's look. "But I had to say something really scary," she protested defensively. She was about to explain some more but ended up shrieking instead when Damen picked her up and spun her around, his laughter hoarse.

When he stopped spinning her around, she clutched his shoulders helplessly as she looked down at him, dazed by the beautiful gleam in his gaze. "Damen?"

There was hope in her eyes. He knew what she was waiting, hoping, and praying he would say but he just couldn't. Not yet. Just not yet.

So instead of answering, he took her lips with a kiss.

Pain blossomed inside her like a rose filled with thorns, but after a heartbeat Mairi just decided to let it all go and focus on what she did have. Damen Leventis cared for her. At least he didn't think she was some business arrangement to tolerate.

She just had to wait, just had to be patient, and sooner or later he would know the truth.

He loved her, too, had loved her from the start and always would.

With a sigh, she curled her arms around his neck and kissed him back.

In seconds, they were hastily undressing each other, a gasp torn out of her as Damen backed her towards his bed the moment they were both naked.

He kissed her mouth one last time before moving down, lips hungrily leaving a trail of passionate kisses down her neck, the valley between her br**sts, and then moving sideways so he could suck on her ni**les one at a time.

She moaned and arched against his hold. "Be gentle," she gasped when he bit too hard.

"I can't," he rasped out as he released her nipple with a loud wet pop. "I want you too much." He didn't wait for her answer and went on sucking her ni**les again.

Just when she thought she couldn't take it any longer, Damen finally ceased his torture and moved further down, his lips kissing her belly and then the skin above her-

"So soft," Damen purred in surprised pleasure as he took in her beautifully shaved pu**y.

"Part of the...surprise," Mairi managed to gasp before her body went up in flames as Damen's tongue slowly lined her inner folds.

His fingers curled into his hair, gripping the locks hard. "Damen, please!" Her body started to writhe under his hot wet mouth, tears of pleasure striking her eyes as his tongue suddenly slipped between the folds.

"Oh, don't, please, oh...don't stop!" More wanton words slipped past Mairi's lips as Damen continued to f**k her with his deliciously talented tongue.

Her h*ps were moving frantically now, a sign that she was close to coming. Damen inched up, bracing himself on his arms. "Ready, sweetheart?"

She looked up at him, the look in her eyes making him swallow. "Always."

The word had him groaning and in the next second, he claimed her body with his cock, his strokes, long, steady and leisurely, taking his time to torture her with a very slow pace.

"Damen," she wailed, her body twisting under him, her legs snaking around his waist, willing him to go deeper, harder, and faster. "Please, Damen, please..."

But he refused to heed her wishes, wanting to drive her wilder with need.

She pulled him down to her, arms tightening around his neck. "Damen, pleeeeeaaaase!" Instinct had her vaginal muscles flexing and constricting around his cock.

"Shit!" The tightening muscles squeezed his c**k in the loveliest way, taking him by surprise. His control snapped.

"Daaaaaaamen!" His movements were frenzied. There was no pace, no rhythm, just sex at its rawest. It wasn't making love. It was f**king, and she wanted more of it. She would always want more of this and would never get enough of it.

"More," she begged.

"Then tell me how much you want my cock," he growled.

"So much," she sobbed as she tried to squeeze his c**k with her muscles again.

"FUCK!" One hand went to her hair and another went under her butt, using both to anchor him to her body as he f**ked her as hard as he could, the slapping sounds their bodies made rebounding inside the huge bedroom.

The sounds were earthy and lustful, and hearing it only made Damen want to f**k Mairi more and more.

Mine, he thought as he drove his c**k into her so deeply he could feel the head of his c**k brushing against her womb.

MINE! It was his last thought just as she cried out, the strength of her orgasm taking him beyond the edge. With a loud groan of his own, he came, his body arching powerfully as he pumped his seed into her already-drenched pu**y.

They stayed linked together as their bodies relaxed in a blissfully sated state, Damen only taking the time to roll onto his back so that she would be lying on top of him.

He gazed up at her, beyond content to just look at the dreamy expression on Mairi's lovely face.

Much, much later her eyes slowly drifted open.

He smiled, knowing what she was going to say before she even said it.

"Hi."

His chuckle made his chest vibrate under her, tickling her ni**les into coming to life once more. "Hello," he answered, the lazy smile curving on his lips so beautiful it had her toes curling.

Although she was already sleepy, she forced herself halfway up, bracing her hands against his hard chest. She wanted to look at him, really look at him because...

A sigh tumbled past her lips.

Gosh, he really was at his most gorgeous when he had just had sex.

Damen frowned, mostly to cover his embarrassment at the way Mairi was looking at him. "Stop staring at me like that," he grumbled.

She giggled.

It was an extremely cute sound, making him sigh himself.

"Damen?"

"Mm?" He lifted his gaze back to her.

Chapter Nine

To trust a Greek billionaire, one must remember he can say very cruel things.

She said: Hmph.

He said: Err, did you say you'd like to watch a romantic comedy tonight? I think I'd like it, too.

"...and so for Teachers' Day, the much coveted spot for the opening speech shall go to none other than Ms. Tanner!"

Mairi's jaw dropped at Ms. Thorn's announcement, unable to believe that she had indeed been chosen to formally start the festivities for Teachers' Day with a speech. How could it be? She was one of the newest teachers in school. It just didn't make sense.

Ms. Thorn beamed at her. "I can see you're confused, but actually most of us are not." She turned to the students with a wink. "Right, girls?"

The students cheered wildly in response, sending a fiery blush to Mairi's cheeks. When Ms. Thorn motioned for her to go on stage, she did so immediately, knowing the principal liked it when teachers made even the simplest of speech when given awards of any kind.

With a nod of approval and a congratulatory smile, Ms. Thorn stepped aside for Mairi to take over the microphone on the podium. Swallowing, Mairi tested it by tapping the speaker. It echoed in response.

She cleared her throat loudly and mouthed sorry when the microphone unexpectedly picked it up, the sound bruising hundreds of ears in the process.

"Sorry," she croaked out and wanted to kill herself again because this time she sounded like a newly-turned-human Pinocchio in need of vocal surgery.

Seeing everyone staring at her expectantly, Mairi tried to think madly of something to say but none came except for-

Carefully avoiding Charity's gaze, she said weakly, "Yay me?"

The entire crowd laughed. Well, the entire crowd except Charity, that was. Her supervisor had long reprimanded her about using the expression, saying that it was very unprofessional of her.

When she returned to her seat, Ms. Thorn resumed making announcements. Her tone was quite excited as she revealed this year's sponsors and donations. "We are up by a million dollars this year, mainly due to our two VIP guests." She beamed. "First is Ioniko Vlahos-"

Mairi clapped her hands with the rest, but not as strongly because it felt like she was betraying Damen somehow.

"And secondly, Mr. Damen Leventis and his fiancee Alina Kokinos."

Mairi paled the same time a few pairs of eyes went her way. Velvet and Mandy, who were concerned, Diana, who was anxious, and Charity, who was smug and knowing because she had seen something she wasn't supposed to see a few weeks ago and she was only biding her time, waiting for the right chance to reveal the ace she had up her sleeve.

Conscious of several people's gazes, Mairi slowly lifted her hands up again to clap with the rest of the crowd. With each clap, it was as if she was breaking her heart into two, over and over.

When lunch break came that day, Mairi quickly hid herself deep in the school's gardens, her back against the trunk of a large old oak, knees tucked under her chin.

She wasn't in the mood to answer the questions that her friends would surely ask. How could she answer those anyway?

Mairi played with her phone, waiting for it to ring. Anytime now, it would ring, she told herself. Damen had changed completely. He was different now. He might not realize he had fallen in love with her yet, but he cared for her and Mairi believed him when he told her he never wanted to hurt her.

The minutes ticked by, the silence becoming more painful.

When her phone finally rang, she couldn't answer it fast enough.

But it was not Damen.

"Mairi? It is Ioniko."

"Oh."

"You are disappointed?" Ioniko asked gently.

His gentleness undid her. She tried to speak but couldn't. She was too busy holding back tears.

"I have just spoken to Katya. My sister told me you now know about this weekend?"

Clearing her tear-clogged throat, Mairi said tremulously, "Y-yes. I know that you're one of our guests. We'd be honored-"

"Mairi, small talk is wasted on me. You know that. I called because I wanted to be sure you are fine with what would happen?" He paused. "Will you be able to bear seeing them together in person?"

This time, she just broke down.

The sound of Mairi's tears made Ioniko's fingers clench around his phone. "Mairi-" But he was cut off by a beep. He knew it meant another incoming call, and Ioniko would bet his entire bank balance that it was Damen.

"Go on," he told her. "Answer it. You can call me after - if you need to. I am always here for you."

She squeezed her eyes shut, wishing it was effective to ward off the pain of knowing Damen should have been the first one to call her, not Ioniko.

"Thank you," she choked out.

"It is nothing. Now, no more delays. Answer the call."

And so she did.

"Mairi?" Damen's voice came out controlled.

The more worried he was, the colder his tone became, but Mairi did not know this. All she knew was that he had called her too late, and he didn't sound like he cared.

When she didn't answer, Damen's heart dropped to his stomach. She already knew. He had a feeling the announcement would be made today, but he had delayed calling, not knowing what to say.

I did not have any reason to make Alina refuse the invitation.

It was the truth, but it sounded incredibly lame and more suited as a reasonable lie.

The silence lengthened, becoming tense and awkward.

He gritted out, "Mairi, speak to me, please."

But she didn't and even now, Damen could not figure out what to say. He tried to come up with something else to talk about. "Were you talking to someone before I called?"

This one, Mairi gained a little pleasure in answering, never mind if it was not fair. "Yes," she whispered. "I was talking to Ioniko."

Damen stiffened. "And?"

"He asked me...if I was okay with what would happen tomorrow." She then asked bitterly, "Are you having second thoughts about asking the same thing?"

Damen knew now was the right time to explain, but he just couldn't get past the fact that she had been talking to Ioniko Vlahos. It was his worst fears realized, and as the fear mingled with pain, he said with unconscious sharpness, "What did you tell him?"

"Nothing."

He snapped, "You didn't tell him about us?"

She snapped back, "Is there an us?"

Damen cursed. "What does that even mean? Don't f**king play games-"

The sheer unfairness of Damen's words had her crying out, "You're the one who's playing games! Why didn't you call me sooner?"

She had the right to ask him that, he knew. But guilt was still not an emotion he was used to feeling, and so was jealousy. Together, the two was a dangerous combination, effectively messing with his head.

"Mairi-"

"Cut the bull and answer me!"

His temper heated up, and he growled, "You are not my fiancee to have a right to make me answer your question!" The moment he said the words, Damen knew they were completely the wrong thing to say.

Her skin took on a sick pallor at his words. She thought he had changed. She had really believed he had.

"I wish I was in love with Ioniko instead," she whispered, just to hurt him as much as he was hurting her.

The words were like a gunshot directly aimed at his heart. It made every cell in his being burn with fierce possessiveness and jealousy. A part of him knew that things had probably escalated out of their control. They were hurt and had both said things they didn't mean.

He wanted to be fair and take it all back, but he couldn't because in his mind he still heard her saying that she wished she was in love with Ioniko instead.

"If you want to be with Ioniko, I'm not stopping you." He should stop here and now, but he was hurting too goddamn much to stop just like that. "I just hope he's willing to settle for my leftovers."

Chapter Ten

To trust a Greek billionaire, you must not give up on them on the first try, or the second, or the third...

She said: Get ready to be hurt a lot of times.

He said (wincing): Think of it this way. We get a lot of practice begging, too. The next book can be The Art of Groveling.

He still hadn't called.

It was the uppermost thought on her mind as she showered and changed into a cerulean wraparound dress. As she applied her makeup, she told herself that it was because he hadn't yet figured how to apologize to her without losing face. Greek billionaires were terribly arrogant, after all. She couldn't even think of a single Harlequin title that had a humble Greek billionaire in it.

Also, Mairi thought stalwartly as she worked her hair into a chignon, humble was good on paper but in real life? It was so not sexy.

So all in all, this was good and healthy for their rela-

Her thoughts stuttered to a stop, and she mentally scrambled for the right word to describe what they had.

Lover and cheater.

Mistress and benefactor.

Slut and client.

Mairi ran to the sink to throw up.

Two hours later, she was hurrying towards the auditorium, face scrubbed clean of tear-ravaged makeup and dressed instead in an elegant but simple cotton candy pink sheath dress.

Velvet and Mandy were already in their seats when Mairi joined them. "Where's the pretty dress we bought yesterday?" Velvet asked, surprised.

"Wardrobe malfunction," Mairi lied, thinking that should cover the fact that she had thrown up all over it because of sheer nervousness...and heartbreak.

"Oh...and your makeup?" Mandy asked.

"Umm...application malfunction?" She pretended she didn't notice her friends throwing her suspicious looks after that.

Finally, Velvet cleared her throat. "Okay. Yay you for all the mishaps then."

Even Mairi had to crack a smile at that.

Mandy gave her a quick hug. "Break a leg, okay? And chin up. I have no idea what you're going through again to say all those silly lies, but I'm certain it has to do with your Greek billionaire. Whatever it is, remember we're here for you."

She did her best to remember that, especially since the award ceremony had started and the usual red carpet had been rolled out for the VIP guests.

"Ladies and gentlemen, a warm round of applause for the first of our guests of honor, Mr. Ioniko Vlahos."

Ioniko walked down the red carpet in a swift pace, looking absolutely gorgeous and sexy in a black three-piece suit and a crimson necktie. He looked at her only for the briefest moment, his eyes warm. And then he was walking past her and ascending the stage to take his place on the VIP row.

"Thank you, dear students and teachers. And now, another round of applause for our next guests of honor, Mr. Damen Leventis and his lovely fiancee, Ms. Alina Kokinos."

Hearing the words spoken in her presence hurt a lot more than she had expected.

She closed her eyes, unable to bear the sight of them together. There was a heightened sense of excitement in the crowd at the sight of them, and she squeezed her eyes shut more tightly when she began to hear them talk about how Damen and the Kokinos heiress looked so good together-

Oh.

He was walking past her now. She knew it was so, without even looking, because she knew his scent.

He was walking past her now, another woman by his side. His fiancee. His side. A place she might never have.

Mairi literally found herself swaying on her feet, but her friends helped her stay upright as they kept their arms around Mairi's waist like three bosom buddies.

Mr. Damen Leventis and his lovely fiancee, Ms. Alina Kokinos...

The names and words became louder and louder with every echo in her mind. She wanted to cover her ears and stop herself from hearing it, but she knew it was impossible.

Mandy suddenly squeezed her hand. "Ms. Thorn just called your name."

Mairi forced her eyes to open and tried to think past her erratic heartbeat and the gnawing pain inside her. Ms. Thorn had the crowd applauding her now, and she knew she had to move. And she would, just as soon as she remembered how to do it.

"You don't have to do this," Velvet muttered under her breath, her heart breaking at the blank look on Mairi's face. It was as if she had just realized that fairy tales were just...fairy tales, and they were never meant to happen in real life.

"I'm okay," Mairi whispered to them, not wanting her friends to worry about her. She didn't want to look at them after that, knowing that seeing their concern might cause her to break down.

Damen schooled his face into an expressionless mask as he observed Mairi's ascent to the stage. She looked too pale, he thought, his chest tightening at the sight of her makeup-less face.

It made him want to reach out to her-

At the other end of the row of seats, Damen heard Ioniko greet Mairi warmly and he turned sharply to look at them, quickly enough to catch sight of Mairi giving Ioniko a grateful smile in return.

The gratitude hit him like a ton of bricks, jealous rage creating an inferno of bitter feelings inside Damen. It hurt, it f**king did not make him feel good to see that smile on her face.

She was supposed to smile like that at him only.

As she walked past Ioniko and towards his direction, Damen waited for Mairi to look at him. But when it was clear she would not, he heard himself saying to Alina, "Have I told you how beautiful you look today?"

Mairi stumbled on her way to the podium, having heard Damen's words.

Damen paled. Shit. He had meant to hurt her for being too close to Vlahos, for wanting him - Damen - to be more like Vlahos, like he was not enough for her, the way he had never been enough for his parents to love.

But the way she scrambled to right herself, her body posture tense and defensive, told Damen that she would rather stumble again than have him help her now.

He shoved his hands deep inside his trouser pockets, the only way he could stop himself from reaching out to Mairi. He watched her from behind, feeling so goddamn proud at the way she was able to keep moving even after what he had stupidly done.

I'm sorry, Damen thought achingly.

He had promised never to hurt her again, but what they had - what he had made her agree to - it just wasn't going to work. Had he really been such an idiot to think it would be different for them?

He had to make a choice.

He had to choose now, before Mairi chose someone else over him.

Mairi did her best as she read her speech, and if her voice shook once or twice for no reason at all, well - there wasn't anything she could do about that. She just hoped the crowd thought she was nervous and not...heartbroken.

The speech was short and simple, and she worked on keeping her voice clear and inflectionless as she began thanking the people who had to be thanked.

"And lastly, our school's Teachers' Day presentation would not be the special occasion that it is this year if not for the generosity of our guests of honor, who have gifted us with financial sponsorship and their precious time."

Conscious of Ms. Thorn's strict rules about etiquette, Mairi took a deep breath, unaware that the microphone had picked it up again and created a sound like a tornado throughout the auditorium.

The crowd laughed.

She...wished she could laugh with them.

Mairi forced herself to look at Ioniko first. "And so on behalf of the faculty, administration, and students making up the Grecian Academy for Young Ladies, we would like to express our deepest gratitude to our guests of honor, Mr. Ioniko Vlahos-"

Ioniko raised his hand in a small wave, a simple act that had the entire student body giggling.

She turned to the only couple on the stage, her gaze blinded with tears. "-and the soon-to-be-wedded couple, Mr. Damen Leventis a-and Ms. Alina Kokinos."

Her fingers curled around her speech, crushing it in her hand the same way Damen crushed her heart as he helped his fiancee out of her chair like she was a precious jewel so they could acknowledge the crowd with smiles and a brief wave.

Mairi mumbled the rest of her speech. She didn't care if the crowd thought she was speaking Cantonese now. All she knew was that she had to get as far away from Damen as possible.

As she walked back to her seat, the ugly hateful truth that she had tried to be blind to finally made itself undeniably clear.

The problem had never been her love or making Damen believe in it.

The problem had always been whether Damen could believe in love. Because if he could believe in love, then he would never have made her go through this. If he understood how love could hurt and kill, he would never have forced her to see him and his fiancee together.

The rest of the presentation proceeded in an efficiently speedy manner, as was typical of any event organized by GAYL's terrifying principal. The highest award went to an old history professor about to retire, and Mrs. Bettany became teary-eyed when Ms. Thorn presented her not only with a framed certificate but also a prize check amounting to $50,000, sponsored by this year's guests of honor.

Mairi thought her ordeal was about to end, but it was not. It was only about to get worse, she realized as she dimly heard Ms. Thorn invite the guests of honor to make a brief speech themselves.

"Mr. Leventis? Ms. Kokinos? Would you like to go first?" Ms. Thorn sent them an encouraging smile.

Cold sweat bathed Damen's body under his suit. He had an awful feeling that something bad was about to happen.

"Would you like me to take care of this on my own?" he asked, hoping she would indeed say yes. But she did not.

Alina shook her head. "It's fine."

Left with no choice, Damen tried not to look visibly reluctant as he offered Alina his hand and guided her to the podium, his hand on the small of her back. He knew that such a simple gesture would hurt Mairi even more, and his gaze searched hers, needing to let her know that it did not and should not mean anything because he did not care about Alina in any way.

It took less than a second for Damen to spot Mairi in the crowd, and he sucked his breath in at the glassy look on her face.

Shit.

Shit, shit, shit.

She looked like he was killing her again and again, and the most painful thing about it was that it might just be true. If the roles had been reversed, Damen knew he would not be as stoic. If he ever saw another man holding Mairi in any way, he knew would very well lose it and start a fistfight.

As he and Alina reached the podium, Ms. Thorn moved close to the microphone and asked charmingly, "How about a kiss between the lovely couple? I am certain I speak for many students in saying we think you had the loveliest engagement party. The two of you make such a beautiful couple and we'd love to celebrate your engagement with you two today."

Chapter Eleven

To trust a Greek billionaire, one must be prepared for competition.

She said: Like, a lot. You don't know what I have to go through-

He said: Says the woman who had not one, not two, but three f**king Greek billionaires after her.

A f**king kiss? Ioniko's face hardened in disbelief. He had heard that the indomitable Rose Thorn was good at charming people and getting money out of their pockets, and now he knew it was true.

No wonder there was such a huge media presence today, Ioniko thought in disgust. She had planned this all along, and since it was rare to catch Damen and Alina together, much less sharing a kiss, a photo of it would surely put GAYL on the map.

He looked at the couple, who were clearly taken aback by the request as well.

And then he looked at her.

Mairi was completely white, and even this far away he could see the stricken look on her face.

Ioniko's gaze returned to Leventis, the ass**le who had caused Mairi to look like that. He was smiling, talking easily, trying to cajole Ms. Thorn out of the request, but the other woman was just as ruthless, making it impossible for Damen to refuse lest he wanted the crowd to think he disliked kissing his fiancee.

When he turned to Mairi again, he cursed under his breath. She looked like she was near to collapsing.

Fuck this.

He did not like playing the knight in shining armor, but something about Mairi made him want to pretend he was good.

Without a word, he stalked off the stage and headed towards Mairi's direction.

****

Stavros Manolis looked up at the imposing entrance of the Grecian Academy For Young Ladies.

After so many years, he had finally found her.

This was the best lead he had in ages, and instincts told him that this time he might really see her again.

Mairi Tanner.

He owed her so many things, not the very least his apology for ruining her life without even knowing it.

Inside, he was greeted by name by one of the usherettes. The woman was well-trained, welcoming him without hesitation even though Stavros knew she was surely shocked and curious about what a bachelor billionaire was doing in a Teachers' Day presentation at a school where none of his family members studied.

Nyssa unclipped the CB radio from her pants to let Ms. Thorn know about the unexpected presence of yet another Greek billionaire. What was it with today, Nyssa wondered, that GAYL was practically bursting with hot rich guys?

And Stavros Manolis? The man was notorious for his workaholic ways, rarely being photographed for the society pages because he was that reclusive. The only events he attended were those sponsored by his company. They were very strictly monitored ones, leaving no chances for the paparazzi to interview him.

Stavros waited patiently for the usherette to speak with her superior. When she turned back to him, her welcoming smile was something he expected. Because he was who he was, doors would always open. Always.

"Ms. Thorn would like to invite you to the VIP row, Mr. Manolis."

"It would be an honor." He knew how this worked. He had come here without an invitation. This was what the school required in exchange.

As the usherette escorted him inside the auditorium, he was surprised to see a couple of familiar faces on stage. There was Ioniko Vlahos and, even more surprising, Damen Leventis and his rather insipid fiancee Alina Kokinos.

Damen was engaged in a lighthearted banter with a woman Stavros assumed to be the principal. As he listened absently to their exchange, Stavros knew his friend was fighting a losing battle. It was just a simple kiss between an engaged couple; it would be the height of rudeness to his fiancee if he continued refusing.

He asked the usherette quietly, "I believe you have a Ms. Mairi Tanner working here?"

"Oh, yes. She was our presenter for the opening speech. Would you like to meet her after the ceremony?"

"That would be ideal." Stavros paused, considering his options. "If you could point out where she's seated for now though?"

The woman stopped next to the front row seats. "There she is, Mr. Manolis."

Stavros slowly followed her gaze.

It was her.

It really was her.

And she looked...she looked exactly like how she looked that day she had been expelled for being labeled a gold digger because of him.

****

"My fiancee is a shy person, Ms. Thorn..."

"Oh, we are not asking for a passionate kiss, Mr. Leventis. I am very much aware of the tender age of my students. This is all in the spirit of celebrating your engagement, you understand. Just a small sweet kiss between a loving couple would be more than enough, wouldn't you say so, girls?"

The students cheered their agreement.

Mairi listened sickly to the word play between Damen and Ms. Thorn, knowing that in the end the latter would win.

It would only be a matter of time.

And if they did kiss...

And if she saw them kiss...

She wanted to be sick.

****

Ms. Thorn was not going to give this up.

Damen knew she was not being a bitch about this, knew she was simply being her usual calculating self and saw no harm in asking for something that should be simple for any engaged couple to do. It was not her fault that she did not know how much he had f**ked up and that by kissing his fiancee, he would be hurting another - the woman most special to him.

The thought of hurting Mairi again had his face hardening. No. Never. He had hurt her enough. He prepared himself to be rude, and damn what happened afterwards, but Alina, for once in her life, beat him to speaking.

"He is very protective of me," Alina was suddenly saying. "I'm much younger than he is. He doesn't like people to think he's taking advantage of my age." She smiled up at Damen even as her gaze remained unreadable and guarded. "What he needs to realize is that I am not to be protected."

She took his face in her hands and tiptoed, her lips touching his.

Damen stilled.

In his mind, and he did not know if he had imagined it or not, he heard it so clearly - Mairi catching her breath, Mairi's tears splattering on the floor, Mairi giving up on him.

No!

When Alina released him from her hold, he immediately turned to look at Mairi.

She was not crying. She did not seem like she was holding her breath. But she did look like she had finally given up waiting for him.

No.

And then he saw it -

Ioniko, coming from the side of the stage, walking purposely towards Mairi.

And further away from him but nearer to Mairi, Damen saw Stavros Manolis gazing at Mairi as well. He didn't know and understand why Manolis was looking at Mairi like that, but if there was one thing he knew, it was that Manolis appeared to be his rival as well.

A part of him told Damen to just let it go. Mairi Tanner would have all the Greek billionaires she could ever want. Maybe reading all those books had done her good. Even if they weren't meant to be, at least she would be well taken care of.

The noble part of him told Damen to let it go, to let Mairi move on.

But the selfish and honest part of him told Damen that if he did let her go, it would mean forever. If he gave up on her, it would be for the rest of their lives. He would never have the chance to call Mairi his again, never be able to taste her lips or feel her body welcome him-

No.

He looked at Alina. "I'm sorry. It won't work between us." His words were caught by the microphone. He removed her ring from his finger.

Alina didn't speak, staring at him with wide-eyed shock.

"I'm sorry," he said again before jumping off the stage to go after the woman that had taught his heart to beat for someone else.

****

Mairi could not think of a single thing that was more painful than seeing the man she loved receive the kiss of the woman who owned him and would one day have his name and bear him children.

It did not just hurt. It burned, like acid on her skin, a raging infection that almost drove Mairi to her knees.

Another woman's lips was covering the lips of the man she loved - the man she had waited for all her life.

"No," she whispered, closing her eyes, praying to God that it was a nightmare she could wake up from. But when she opened her eyes, Damen was still on stage and Alina Kokinos was still kissing him.

She fell back in her seat, knowing that it was a sight she could never forget, not even if she lived to be a hundred years old. She would always remember this, and she would always grieve because that one kiss had sliced her heart and broken it into a thousand pieces.

Mairi's eyes fluttered close as she wheezed for breath as discreetly as she could. She was having a panic attack. Or maybe this was shock. She didn't know anymore. All she knew was that she couldn't breathe past the pain.

"Mairi?" That was Velvet.

"Mairi!" That was Mandy.

"Mairi?" That was...Ioniko?

"Mairi?" That was...a voice from the past, one familiar and unfamiliar at the same time.

And then chaos, everyone around her gasping, followed by a thousand clicking sounds as she heard a voice she didn't think she'd hear anymore say her name.

"Mairi?"

Damen.

Her eyes opened.

She whispered brokenly, "Damen?"

Hearing her say his name like that broke him apart. If he had the chance to offer his life and the lives he would live after it in exchange for wiping the slate clean with Mairi, he would have. If it meant sentencing himself to an eternity in hell just so Mairi would never know the pain he had caused her time and time again, he would have.

In two single strides, Damen had her in his arms. She was still limp and unmoving.

His lips touched her hair. "I'm sorry," he gritted out, his arms tightening around her. He tipped her chin up, needing her to see the truth in his eyes.

"Mairi, I love you."

The words caused a wave of shock to go through the entire crowd.

Ioniko stopped moving towards them, his expression becoming hooded.

Stavros also stilled. Something inside him reacted to those words from Damen Leventis, and that something felt emptier and emptier as he took in the way Damen was looking at Mairi. His once very self-sufficient friend - a man who once did not believe in love - was looking at Mairi like he had started to believe because he had found it in the woman in his arms.

The paparazzi had finally caught on. Question after question was fired at them, and soon Damen and Mairi found themselves inside the tight circle made by his security team.

Everything was a blur, and Mairi could only look at Damen but not see him.

"Mairi, please," he said hoarsely. "Say something."

She shook her head. "I don't know what to say."

He fought for control even as everything inside him went crazy with fear that he was too late, that he had hurt her too much and now she just wanted to be free of him.

"Mairi, I'm sorry for being an ass. I can say a thousand more words, but they all boil down to the same thing. I f**ked up and I just need one more chance to atone for all the times I hurt you."

She still didn't say anything.

"I've broken the engagement, Mairi. I knew - when I looked at you after she..."

And she spoke then, only to whisper in the same broken almost-singsong voice, "You kissed her."

"No," he denied fiercely. "I didn't kiss her. She kissed me and-" Damen's hands shook as he cupped her tender face. "Mairi, you taught me to love because I saw how much you loved me. And if I've lost your trust and love because I messed up too many times, I'm sorry. But I'm not giving up. I'm going to do the same thing and teach you to believe in my love this time."

He waited and waited, his heart cracking open with every second that passed without a word leaving Mairi's lips. And just when he was about to lose hope, he felt it, her hands going to his heart.

"Damen." Still broken, but not as weak, not as pained.

He covered her hand with his, pressing it close against his heart. "You're in there now, matakia mou. And no matter what happens, you'll always be there because it's yours. All my heart is yours."

Crying now, Mairi slowly took his other hand and brought it to her own heart. "This will always be yours, too. No matter how much it hurts to love you, Damen, it will always be yours."

Chapter Twelve

To trust a Greek billionaire, you must let him realize some things on his own.

He said: Like how much I love you?

She said: No, dreamboat-

He said (with a groan): Stop calling me that.

She said: But it's cute!

After making sure Mairi was deeply asleep, Damen carefully extracted himself from her, not wanting her to wake up because she was obviously exhausted.

It was only when he was in the privacy of his study did he call Bart. "Tell me everything."

"Our stocks are down by five percent and it's expected to drop another five by tomorrow. Your mother has issued a press statement about not being in favor of your decision to break the engagement, and Mr. Kokinos has asked for an emergency board meeting tomorrow."

He listened calmly, nothing in Bart's reports taking him by surprise. He had known it would happen this way the moment he chose to follow his heart.

His colleagues would never understand why he had to choose a woman who brought nothing to marriage over a woman who could make him the most powerful man on earth. If the merger between the Kokinos and Leventis had pushed through, it would have put him in control of nearly a third of the world's shipping industry. But now that he might have made an enemy out of Kokinos, the other party could take offense and merge with another family with the sole purpose of demolishing Damen's business empire in mind.

"Sir?" Bart asked nervously, waiting for orders to be rapped out.

"We'll attend tomorrow's board meeting as well but let no one know about it. As for the stocks, keep monitoring them and issue a press statement - the standard 'no comment', but add that it is not my wish or Ms. Tanner's to court publicity for publicity's sake." It would be a clear dig at his mother, and he wanted it to be seen that way.

"Understood, sir."

"Good. Keep me posted." He ended the call but did not leave the office right away. It would be a rocky climb from here on, but he was not worried for himself.

When he returned to the bedroom, Mairi was already awake, iPad in her hand. She looked up when she heard him enter. "Hi."

It sounded exactly like the way she said 'hi' to him before - breathless, dazed, whimsical, and in love.

He would cherish that sound forever.

In moments, he was on the bed, Mairi on his lap, and he was kissing her hungrily. When he released her, she looked even more dazed.

"Hi?"

He laughed.

Mairi caressed his face. "Is this really happening?" she whispered.

He kissed her again, more demandingly, more passionately. "There. Still have doubts?" Before she could answer, he said, "Please say yes."

Mairi giggled.

Smiling, he touched her nose. "I love you."

She blinked back tears at the unexpected words. He had said it before, but she had been afraid he had only said it on an impulse. "I love you, too," she whispered, her voice cracking at the end.

And because she couldn't help it, she raised herself on her knees and began raining kisses all over his face. "I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you..."

Damen was laughing by the time she stopped. He told her solemnly, "Never change, Mairi. Promise me that?"

She nodded. "Never." Shyly, she bent down and initiated the kiss between them for the first time.

He responded with reassuring ardor, and with a sigh she let herself go, kissing him the way she had so badly wanted to kiss him all the nights they had been apart.

Damen allowed her complete control, his body tensing in anticipation as she broke their kiss to move on to his chest, kissing his bare skin as her soft fingers played with his own ni**les.

"Ah." Her tongue was playing with his nipple, something that never used to arouse him but now had his c**k springing to life.

It was a small struggle to get him out of his drawstring pants. His c**k had to be guided out like an exotic and powerful animal - but when he was free, she found herself gulping a little, still not used to Damen's immense cock.

She stroked it gently, fascinated at the way it pulsed, jerked, and stretched with every little move she made.

Bending down, she licked the drops of pr**cum wetting its head, eliciting a groan from Damen.

"More?" she whispered teasingly, looking up at him.

In answer he raised his h*ps up, his c**k bumping against her lips. She laughed but obediently followed his silent command, opening her mouth as widely as she could to take as much of his c**k in.

She almost gagged at the beginning but Damen was stroking her hair and her back, guiding her bit by bit until her throat relaxed and allowed the entire length of his c**k in.

His head fell against the bed's majestic headboard as Mairi's mouth worked sensual magic on his cock. She licked, bit, and sucked like a pro and though he did his best to keep himself from exploding, he knew it was only a matter of time now.

"Mairi, darling, you have to stop."

She reluctantly released his c**k and the way it slid out of her mouth was arousing too, making him groan.

"Why?" Mairi asked like a petulant child.

He groaned again, the way she was speaking making him want to just grab her by the hair and guide her head back to his aching cock.

"Next time. I need you. NOW." He did not wait for her to agree. He simply lifted her up and impaled her with his c**k in the next second.

A scream of pleasure was startled out of her.

"Daaaa-men." Her moan ended in a silent whimper as he clutched her h*ps and began pistoning his c**k into her, in, out, in, out, each thrust deeper and harder than the last.

She raked her nails across his back and gasped - they were the only things she could do to let him know how much he was pleasing her.

Wanting to sink deeper into her, he lifted her up again without leaving her warmth and flipped their positions, Mairi bouncing onto her back as he rose to his knees. Spreading her legs open, he withdrew his c**k and sank back in, the new position allowing Damen to penetrate her in the deepest and rawest way possible.

"Damen..."

"I love you." He panted the words out with each thrust.

She gazed up at him with eyes clouded with love and desire. "I love you. Always. No reason. No limits. I just do."

They were the sweetest words and his body reacted powerfully to them, driving him to a cl**ax. Damen swiftly stroked her clit, urging her to get to the same place he was, needing them to fall together.

"Ready, Mairi?"

"Y-yes..." The way she thrashed under him, her hands digging into the hard tight skin of his butt, was an answer in itself.

"Then let go." He drove into her one last time.

She moaned, her nails sinking so deep into his butt that she knew it was sure to leave marks. She couldn't help it, the pleasure he gave her was so incredibly strong it stopped every part of her mind and body from functioning.

The pleasure just took over, and Mairi knew, by the way Damen groaned above her, his beautiful big and sexy body arching in cl**ax, that it was the same for him.

His come filled her, pulsing and hot, and she welcomed it, liking the fact that it would mean she would smell like him and be a part of him.

She closed her eyes. I love you.

Not a moment later, Damen's head lowered and his lips touched her shoulder. It was as if he had heard her and with his kiss, he was saying I love you in return.

January 2014

Once upon a time, there was an ordinary girl who grew up listening to bedtime stories where there were no knights in shining armor or Prince Charming. Instead, it had Greek billionaires and this little girl dreamt she'd one day have Her Own Greek Billionaire to live happily ever after with.

When this little girl grew up, she found what she was looking for. He loved her, too, but the whole world did not approve.

This is my story.

I mean your story.

I mean, Mairi Tanner's story.

