Chapter One

If anyone had told Sebastian Romanov that today would be the day he fell in love, he would have dismissed them completely. And if he'd had any inkling of how hard he would fall, he would have had them shot for the lack of warning.

He didn't believe in love, in any of its stages: at first sight, over a series of dates, or people who'd been friends for years suddenly snogging each other at the local pub.

Sebastian believed in facts, figures, and results.

Fact: His annoying cousin, Alexander, was moping around, and kept calling him.

Fact: Sebastian had Alexander's calls blocked.

Fact: Alexander had resorted to popping up everywhere Sebastian had the unfortunate luck to be at the time.

Figures: This had been going on for six weeks, which was five and a half weeks too many.

Result: Sebastian had boarded a jet and flown to the States to collect a woman, in order to not to kill his cousin and land himself in jail.

Or so he had convinced himself.

Never would he admit to anyone that this entire scheme was the result of the fact he actually owed it to his cousin to meddle in the poor bloke's relationship due to (also a fact) all the years Alexander had been forced to do his uncle's (and Sebastian's father) dirty work.

The soles of his shoes crunched on the salt and sand coating the formerly icy sidewalks of Holland Springs. Christmas decorations adorned nearly every storefront, bright red and green attracting the last minute shopper.

"Aren't you Christian Romanov?" a woman dared to ask.

Slicing his gaze her way, he raised a brow. "No."

She tossed long blond hair over one shoulder, her brown eyes assessing. Knowing. The smell of freshly cut lawn, coconut, and sea breezes drifted to him. Summer. She smelled of summertime.

"But you look just like him." She matched her stride to his, the heels of her boots tapping out a rhythm.

Jaw clenching, he bit out, "Coincidence."

"If you say so."

An escape route appeared and adrenaline flowed through him, but he kept his steps measured. "I do."

He made a sharp right. The echo of her boots went silent and he shoved his hands in his coat pocket, surveying the area. The little side street was blessedly devoid of people.

Exhaustion hit him hard, and he mulled over taking a breather on a convenient bench. Just as he leaned in the direction of resting for a minute or two hundred, tastefully twinkling white lights caught his eye.

Crossing the street, he felt the beginnings of a smile on his face when seasonally decorated cupcakes activated his sweet tooth. Pausing, he glanced up at the name, The Sweet Spot. Pink and brown dots surrounded the curly letters, underneath was a name, Daisy Barnes, and a phone number.

He didn't have time for this. There was a woman to be found, a company to run into the ground, and a father to commit to the worst and slowest imaginable death possible.

Really, what more could be expected of him during the holiday season?

Sugary candy canes placed in the center of cupcakes topped with green icing made him pause once more. All glittery red and white under a spotlight. Just sitting there, waiting to be eaten. He'd never been one to deny his culinary cravings. There were very few things in life that he gave himself permission to enjoy. Sweets were at the top of his list.

"Only a quick pop-in and I'm done," he muttered to himself. A few more steps and he pushed open the door. Bells jingled. Bing Crosby crooned in the background. Customers sat at tables with Menorahs, Christmas trees, and Kwanza candles as centerpieces, drinking and eating various desserts.

There was a line at the register, so he queued up for his turn. He shoved his hands into his coat pockets, palming his phone. Any minute now, he expected a text from his driver or one of his bodyguards for the location of Rose Holland.

He turned his attention towards the display of sweets, mentally sorting out the ones that he wanted to buy.

"Now you know those eclairs aren't good for your diabetes. What will your wife think of you sneaking these?" a melodic voice asked, her voice teasing. "She'll come in here and fuss at me for enabling you."

That was well done of her, Sebastian thought. It was good business to take care of one's customers.

"Wouldn't want that to happen," the elderly gentleman in front of him said.

"Then how about something healthier, like a pretzel, with some low-fat, sugar-free yogurt on the side?"

"Sound disgusting," the man said and Sebastian nodded in agreement. It sounded horrid.

"It's yummy," she insisted. "I tried it myself first."

"Then your taste buds are on the fritz," the man grumbled.

The woman laughed, full and hearty, and as melodic as her voice.

That laugh made him look up and over the man's shoulder. Had he known it would become the moment of moments, he would have turned around and never darkened this street or town again instead.

But he didn't know. So he looked. And what Sebastian saw made him freeze.

Forget moving-he couldn't speak or even hear anything, his heart pounded too loudly in his ears.

She smiled, hazel eyes shining and orange hair bright under the lights.

Everything inside of him came alive. His palms were sweaty, his knees all weak, and he felt the earth move beneath him.

The man in front of him paid for his purchases and walked away. Now all of her attention was on him.

"Can I help you?"

A sort of croak emanated. From him.

Her smile fell as her head tilted to one side, and he was gutted. It was his mission to make her smile again. Finding Rose Holland was rapidly sinking to the bottom of his to-do list because of that smile.

That smile was beautiful, sweet, kind, and lovely, so very lovely. He was in love with that smile-that face. Everything. Oh, holy hell and kill him now.

"Are you okay?" she asked, and he blinked. Apparently, she felt nothing he did. She hadn't felt the connection or the earth tilt on its axis. It was just another day, another customer for her. "Would you like for me to call your brother? I don't think he and Zoe have left town just yet."

That she knew exactly who he was made it worse. Heat rising to his face, he took a breath and drawled, "Not necessary. However, may I speak to the owner?" Hopefully, Daisy Barnes would take this woman's place and spare him any more embarrassment.

Lush lips twisted a little. "I am the owner."

"You're Daisy Barnes?" he barked, accusation and disbelief in his tone. Oh, bloody great.

Those lips of hers flattened a little, and then her smile returned. No, not the same smile. This was a hurry-up-and-state-your-business-and-get-out smile.

His heart pinched and he fought the urge to rub his chest in that very spot.

"For the last twenty-four years I have been." She nodded a little, and then said, "You're Sebastian Romanov. We're practically related, you know."

Stupefied, he could only reply, "We are?" in an even sharper tone. Shut it, he mentally told himself. He was totally mucking this up.

Daisy, bless her, kept her smile in place. "Your brother married my first cousin. Zoe's dad is my uncle. That makes us cousins by marriage."

Cousins by marriage? "It most certainly does not," he snapped. No way in hell he wanted to be related to the woman who made him all sweaty, shaky, and gutted.

Hazel eyes widened, and her face paled a little in obvious embarrassment. "What can I get you before you leave?"

He couldn't blame her wanting him out of her store, and he couldn't help but admire how she stood up to him. He couldn't help but notice it only upped his love-struck state. There was no way he could stay here any longer, not in her shop at least.

So, he blurted the first thing that came to mind, "I'm looking for Rose Holland."

A dark brow lifted and she tucked a strand of orange hair behind her ear. "Have you tried her store?"

"I'm not an idiot," he said. The hell he wasn't. No greater idiot had ever existed before him.

She crossed her slender arms over a rather ample chest, tantalizing him with a glimpse of lace and creamy swells of flesh, and then she frowned when she caught him noticing. "Anything else?"

Yes, dear God, for this entire conversation to be over. "Your best cupcake." He swallowed. "Please."

A confident smile graced her lips. "They're all my best."

Cheeky, he thought, all bemused and bewitched. "I'll take the lot-all of them."

"All-" she glanced at her case, brows furrowing. "-thirty five?"

Yes. "Don't be ridiculous." He lifted his chin, falling back on what he did best-intimidate and hold at bay.

"I'm only ridiculous every other Tuesday."

"Today is Tuesday," he pointed out.

She smiled wickedly, and he nearly swooned like a school girl at a One Direction concert.

"Exactly."

This most perfect of all women had to stop, because if she didn't, he'd most likely end up on bent knee, proposing marriage and babies. Two things he'd always told himself that he never wanted and never deserved.

"I'll take a dozen," he said, pulling his wallet out. He'd simply pay for his purchases, leave, and eat his cupcakes in private while nursing his embarrassment.

"What flavors?"

Instead of answering like a decent human being, he smacked his credit card on the counter and snapped, "It doesn't bloody matter."

Taking a step back, she grabbed a container and marched to the display. He half expected her to toss each one in and shut the lid so hard that the cupcakes would be a smashed mess by the time he opened it again, but she didn't.

Instead, she began to hum as she carefully selected and placed each cupcake in a green box, closing the lid carefully and tying a silver bow around it. Her head was bent as she worked, her back to him. He couldn't stop staring at the exposed nape of her neck. Her bright orange hair was caught up in a bun, two chopsticks-one green and one red-holding it in place.

While she worked so efficiently, oblivious to him, erotic thoughts appeared out of nowhere-all over that smooth expanse of skin. Thoughts transformed into mental images of him kissing the nape of her neck, while he slowly moved inside of her. Of her hair, tumbling around her shoulders before sliding across his thighs while she put that lush mouth of hers on his body.

He swallowed, willing the images away and instead filled his head with to-do lists.

Fly to Holland Springs.

Search for Rose Holland.

Find Ms. Holland and convince her to fly to England for the holidays.

Daisy whirled around, placing the green box on the counter. "Anything else?"

Come back to Holland Springs, find Daisy Barnes again, and convince her to fly anywhere with him.

Ha! Voicing that particular addition to his to-do list was not something he could afford. Ever. Not even if she were amenable to the idea. Most certainly, she would not be amenable due greatly in part to the top-notch conversation he'd been having with her up to this point.

Honestly, the best thing he could do at this moment would be to cut his losses and leave.

"Ms. Barnes, I truly apologize for insulting you and taking up your time," he said, and then grabbed his credit card and the box of cupcakes. He gave Daisy a stiff nod, ignoring the most treacherous part of him that now beat out her name, and walked out of her shop.

Daisy stared after him, jaw on the floor. "What in the world?" she whispered. He'd been unresponsive, rude, insulting, and then completely apologetic. There was no mistaking the look in his beautiful blue eyes.

Sebastian disappeared around the corner, green box under his arm.

"He didn't pay for anything," she said as reality hit her. She checked the register to make sure she wasn't mistaken. "Cheese and crackers! He didn't pay for a darn thing."

Hurrying around the counter, she shoved the door to her store open and ran up the sidewalk, cold December air finding its way through the thin cardigan she wore.

A hard body rammed into her or she rammed into it. Either way, she was falling, until a large hand jerked her up and steadied her.

"Mr. Romanov said to give you this." The enormous man held out a fifty-dollar bill.

She gaped at the money, and then at him. "That's too much."

"Mr. Romanov said keep the rest for your trouble."

Then the man, who had to be Sebastian's bodyguard, let her go, still holding out the money. She took it and slipped it in her back pocket. "Tell him thank you."

"Da."

"Wait!" she cried as he turned to go.

"Da?"

She wet her lips. "Why is Sebastian looking for Rose Holland?" Please let him be here for something good, not to do something horrible to Rose, she thought, because she would have no choice but to tell the police or CIA.

A wide grin split the man's face. "He wants his cousin to stop pestering him."

"Alexander Romanov." The man had a weird obsession with her cheesecakes, before he'd left town suddenly. Rose was almost as bad. Anyone with eyes could see the two of them were sweet on each other.

"Yes."

"How does my friend Rose fit in with his plan?" she said, stressing the word friend. A gust of wind made her shiver and she crossed her arms over her chest.

"Mr. Romanov will take her to his cousin."

"Take her-take her, or ask her to go?" Her lips had to be turning blue. She was not a fan of the cold at all, but none of that mattered. She had to make sure Rose was safe. The poor girl had been through enough.

"Ask," he said, staring at her with admiration or irritation, she wasn't sure.

She stomped her feet, not out of exasperation, but rather to warm up. "And if she says no, then what?"

The man looked her over, making her feel about two feet tall with his size. "We leave, without her."

"Promise," she asked, her teeth beginning to chatter.

"Yes, we promise. I'm not a monster, Ms. Barnes," Sebastian said from behind her and she turned to face him.

"I didn't say you were, but-"

"If Ms. Holland doesn't want to go, then she and her daughter stay here, in Holland Springs," he said.

"Oh." She shivered again and his icy blue eyes narrowed. "But-"

"If you don't get your arse inside, then I won't be held responsible for tossing you over my shoulder, without your permission, and hauling you to your store myself," he growled. "That I promise as well."

She tipped her chin, refusing to be intimidated by him. It wasn't like she was going to stand out here all day, just as long as she needed to. "All you need to promise is that you're not here to hurt Rose or her daughter."

His eyes narrowed even more and his mouth thinned. "I promise."

"And you promise if she says no, that you'll leave, without her?"

He turned his head for a moment, then gazed back at her. "If you're so damned worried, I'd be happy to ask her in front of you, in public. Perhaps right here on this corner."

Weighing his words in her mind, she thought of all the positives, of all the things she did know about him. He was a public figure, a viscount, not some underworld mob boss, and his twin brother lived in Holland Springs with her cousin. This wasn't some stranger, and he had no reason to lie to her.

Plus, he'd ended up paying for the cupcakes. Evil didn't pay full-price, and then some for cupcakes, did it?

"You promise to do that, then go through with it, and I won't call the cops on you," she said softly.

"Or the CIA," she added quickly.

He smiled, all the way to his eyes, and she felt something warm grow inside of her, finding its way around and making her all soft. Something that had never happened when she'd been around his brother who was his twin, for goodness sake, so it couldn't be just his looks.

Although, his looks were very pleasing to her eye. Pale blond hair, all slicked back, crystal blue eyes, full lips and to-die-for cheekbones.

Then that gorgeous smile turned into a smirk and she stepped back. "I promise," he said and took her hand. He shook it, like they'd just conducted a business transaction, and let it go, but not before a thrill of something ran up her arm. "Off you go before I make good on my promise to haul you back inside."

Just as she opened her mouth to protest, another gust of wind blew right through her sweater and jeans. Sebastian stood there, with his bodyguard, neither of them bothered at all by the sudden drop in temperature, which meant that neither of them would leave before she did.

"Fine," she said, her teeth chattering. "Merry Christmas to y'all."

She practically ran back to her store, and spent the next hour drinking hot chocolate while chatting with her customers, until they all left. Not quite convinced Rose was completely safe, Daisy stayed open later than usual to keep an eye on things.

At four-thirty Rose Holland, along with her daughter, walked inside Daisy's store and pop rocks began to zing around Daisy's stomach.

Rose asked for her usual while Daisy contemplated the best way to tell her Sebastian was looking for her. But she didn't want to make Rose worry, when she had nothing to worry about. And what if he'd already left town? She'd look stupid for getting Rose all worked up over nothing. Plus, he'd promised, and from what she knew of him, what she'd read of him (yes, she was unabashedly nosy about Sebastian Romanov, the twin brother of her cousin's husband, and his title and his world and his, well, everything.) and what she'd heard of him, his word was everything.

Still...she had to do something.

Mind churning, Daisy wiped down all her counters and tables, swept the floors, and turned her sign from open to closed. "Stay as long as you like," she said, then she shuffled to the back of her store, emptied the dustpan, and hung up the broom. "Don't be stupid, Daisy. Tell the woman."

The bell on her door rang and she heard Rose call out her good-bye.

"Oh, crap." Daisy turned sharply, slipping on the floor and falling. She caught herself on her hands. She scrambled to her feet, snagged her cell phone, and raced outside.

A black Mercedes idled by the curb. Rose stood at the corner, her back to Daisy, while Sebastian stood facing her, as the two of them talked.

"Brilliant." Sebastian clapped his hands and rubbed them together. "Let's go."

Daisy skidded to a halt, clutching her phone so hard that her knuckles hurt.

"Where are we going?" she heard Rose ask.

Rose didn't sound afraid or coerced. She sounded excited. Daisy relaxed her grip on her phone and slid it into her back pocket.

He gently tweaked Rose's daughter on the nose and said, "To jolly old England, of course."

She'd worried for nothing. Sebastian had kept his word, like he said he would. Like she'd known in her heart and brain he would.

He was not a monster.

His eyes met hers over Rose's head. Daisy smiled sheepishly at him. He simply stared at her, then turned his attention to the woman in his arms and guided her into the waiting car.

Suddenly, for some reason Daisy couldn't explain, she wished it was her in his arms.

Chapter Two

For the second time in a month, Sebastian stood just outside The Sweet Shop, contemplating the desserts in the display window, or so he told himself.

Actually, he wanted to see Daisy again.

Pushing open the door, he walked inside. The shop was empty. Daisy stood, with her back to him, humming while she worked behind the counter.

"Excuse me," he said and she whirled around, her eyes widening.

That same feeling hit him again. His palms grew sweaty, his knees weak and the earth tilted on its axis. Oh hell. It hadn't been a fluke. "What in the world are you doing here?"

She sounded less than pleased to see him, and he seriously considered cutting his losses and leaving. Again. "I'd like to order more cupcakes."

Her brows rose. "Will you pay before you walk out of my store this time?"

He nodded.

"Did you help Rose and Alexander get back together?" she asked.

"They seem happy." He shoved his hands in his pockets. "Alexander's stop pestering me."

She cocked her head to one side. "Why was your cousin pestering you?"

"I assumed it was because he was lonely and missed Rose."

"Do you miss him pestering you?"

Yes. He pulled a face. "You really don't expect me to answer that, do you?"

"Not if you don't want to." She winked at him, and dusted off her hands, then moved to a nearby sink to wash them, returning with a smile. "So, how many do you want, Viscount?" she asked, her full lips twitching. "One bwa-ha-ha, or two bwa-ha-ha?"

"Ah-" Sebastian began, flustered. Daisy sighed, her face flushing a little. "Sorry, that wasn't very nice of me, and you probably have no idea what I'm talking about. So, how about one on the house to make up for it?"

Her apology sounded sincere, something he rarely encountered. So when it did make an appearance..."How about two...bwa-ha-ha?" Things like that happened. Although a part of him wanted to say-See, I can be humorous, too. As for her Sesame Street reference, his brother had guest starred on the show. Though Sebastian would never admit it, he had watched everything Christian had ever been in.

"Oh." She blinked, pretty eyes going round. "Two...it is." Licking her lips, she glanced down and picked out the two he'd been coveting the most, then placed them on a green and silver plate. "Something to drink: coffee, hot chocolate, water, mil-"

"Water."

She handed the plate to him. "Most people want coffee or milk."

Biting into the Christmas confection sent thrills of pleasure streaking through his taste buds. "Not most people," he said around the first cupcake. What did one need with coffee or milk? Neither, in his opinion, served to enhance the flavor. Give him a roomful of sweets and an unlimited supply of water.

The bells on the door rang.

"Excuse me, but I have another customer."

He raised a questioning brow and concentrated on not dropping a crumb. Not only because he was fastidious by nature, but this manna from Heaven couldn't be wasted. When Daisy returned, he practically had his nose against the glass, searching for the next candidate.

"Berry Lemon is a customer favorite," she said. "Or Red Velvet Dream." The bells rang again. "Hold that thought, I'll be right back."

He straightened, watching Daisy as she handed an older gentleman a white box tied up with a green and silver bow. The man waved good-bye, and then went on his way, paying no mind to Sebastian or the two rather large Russian bodyguards standing on each side of her door.

"Where were we?" She smiled and he scooted closer to bask in the warmth of that smile. "Make a decision?"

"I'd like the two you recommended."

In no time at all, she'd given him what he'd wanted. He walked to the closest table and sat down, centering the plate in front of him. To his eternal surprise, she sat down at the table for two, directly across from him. She placed a glass of iced water beside his plate.

"Who are you looking for this time?" she asked.

You. "No one."

"Are you up to something again?" she finally asked, her gaze assessing. It felt as though she could see through him, as though she could see through the mask he constantly wore in public. Outside his inner circle, he wasn't exactly known for being the most gregarious bloke.

"World domination," he said. Not a total lie.

Sighing, she placed her chin in her hand. "Can't help you there."

"Why are you sitting with me?" he asked, and then wanted to kick himself.

"I like people."

"So do I."

She dipped her head to hide a smile, but he'd caught it and wanted her to do it again. "You kinda have a funny way of showing it." She glanced at the watch on her wrist. "It's almost lunch time. Can I fix you something, or...I know! Want to help me fix lunch? After the first of the year, I'll be offering cooking class. You can be my test subject."

If her cooking was anything like her sweets, he'd never leave Holland Springs without her. "Expanding your horizons?"

Rising to her feet, she shrugged. "Thinking ahead. Can't ever tell what will happen in business."

Smart woman. "What does helping you 'fix lunch' involve?" he asked, standing and following her to the back.

"You'll have to take off your coat and put on an apron." Her hips swayed as she walked, enticing him to quicken his pace. "Maybe even a hair net."

"A hair net?" He practically growled the question.

She laughed. "I'm teasing."

He stopped when she turned to face him, her br**sts brushing his coat. Desire burned through him, making his clothes too tight and his skin scorching hot. "And the apron?" he asked, his voice deeper than usual to his ears.

Her full lips parted. He wanted to kiss her, to taste her lips and nibble at them. Sweet or tart, he had to know. Dipping his head, he closed his eyes and-

"That's non-negotiable," Daisy squeaked, sidestepping him, completely unable to stop looking at his gorgeous face.

His eyes opened, blue as the sky in winter. "Wasn't aware this was a contract in the making."

Heart pounding, lust raging, and knees wobbling, she fanned herself. "It's hot back here, isn't it?" She almost kissed him! Well, he almost kissed her, and she'd almost let him. What in the world was she thinking?

"If you can't take the heat..."

Narrowing her eyes at him, she said, "Did you just try to make another joke?"

"Perhaps," he said, his gaze roaming around her kitchen. Assessing and weighing everything he found it seemed.

"Are you allergic to anything, besides people and good manners?" She almost smacked her hand over her mouth.

A smile quirked his lips. He unbuttoned his coat and shrugged out of it, hanging it on a hook beside hers. "No."

"And your bodyguards?" Two men stood like sentinels on either side of her front door. Whether they scared off any day-before-New-Year's-Eve customers remained to be seen.

"They won't be joining us."

Grabbing two aprons, she handed one to him and tied the other around her waist. What a contrast between the faded apron and fine suit he wore. Oh my mercy, she thought, he still had on his suit jacket. "You might want to take off that, too. Maybe roll up your sleeves."

"Plan on getting down and dirty, darling?" he asked in that accented voice of his, once again removing more clothes and bringing back the raging lust and wobbly knees.

She washed her hands and dried them. "Uh...no." That really wasn't a question he needed to be asking her, mostly because it should be a statement of fact. God help her if he ever took off all his clothes in front of her. She was liable to burst into flames and go all gooey inside, like a roasted marshmallow. "Wash your hands, too, please."

Wordlessly, she began sorting the supplies they would need. Something simple and hearty would be good. Maybe turkey with avocado slices. There was yesterday's chicken rice soup that could be reheated, enough remained of it for the two of them to share.

Sebastian moved closer, standing behind her. "What shall I do first?"

Grabbing a breast of turkey, she plopped it down in front of her. "Cut this into thick slices, please."

His arms came around her, settling on each side of the cutting board. "Show me how thick...please." He selected a knife from the stand and held it out to her.

"Like this." Taking the knife, she sliced through the meat. Just as she began to set the knife down, his large hand covered hers.

"Again...please," he murmured in her ear. He had to stop with those pleases. Those pleases with that voice...a total recipe for her undoing. "I want to make sure it's perfect for you."

Muscle memory kept her from totally losing her composure as his skin, hot and smooth, caressed hers. They moved together, the knife an extension of them. "Almost an inch thick, that way it's still juicy and tender when you bite into it."

"Hmm." His lips brushed the lobe of her ear. "And the avocado? I'm rather afraid I need more guidance before tackling that on my own. Please."

Could she hire him as permanent help? They could prepare everything like this, hand to hand, back to front, his voice in her ear and his mouth on her skin. Yeah, her lady parts were all for that.

Her lady parts were out of their mind.

Flexing her fingers under his, she dropped the knife. "You'll manage." She ducked under his arm and almost ran to the freezer. Nothing she needed was in there, except the cold air. A cold shower would be better, but she would work with what she had.

What a day this had turned into. She leaned against the door.

Four years to the day, her mother's passing still made her heart ache. Still served to remind her that she was alone. Then he had walked in again, all beautiful and cold. And practically giddy over her desserts this time

She couldn't help but smile and tease him.

Sometimes, there were people you met and BAM!-instant connection (even if it did take a second meeting). Not love at first sight or this is my soul mate. Just...this person makes me feel something other than loneliness. Or sorry for myself. Based on what she'd read about Sebastian on the internet, he was more alone than she was.

An estranged brother, an indifferent cousin, and a seriously evil father in the hospital. Not to mention his mother. However, Sebastian wasn't exactly a saint. He maneuvered, bought, and sold companies like they were part of a Monopoly set. Then there were the rumors of the Russian Mafia connection, and of his family's English title being bought from the rightful heirs.

Don't even get her started about all the women he'd been rumored to have been with-socialites, princesses, and models. All accused him of being scorching hot in the bedroom and cold as Antarctica everywhere else. His response to it all-absolutely nothing. He neither denied nor confirmed.

It was almost gentlemanly.

She blinked. Maybe she should stop reading those gossip sites. Who knew if any of it was true?

"All done, Daisy," he called out. He sounded happy, maybe even a little proud, while she felt lower than low dwelling on his personal life. One he wasn't choosing to share with her or anyone else.

"I'm getting the soup." Hurrying to the refrigerator, she searched the second shelf and found the plastic container. Prying off the lid, she placed the container in the microwave, set the time, and pressed start.

Her thoughts drifted back to the scorching hot in the bedroom comments. Now that she could believe. She sighed. But really, she couldn't be too hard on herself for thinking about him like that. Going without sex for two months straight tended to make a woman a little grouchy. Oh, who was she kidding? She was horny as all get out and taking things into her own hands sucked.

Tracing the collar of her cardigan, she let her mind go to all sorts of dirty places involving one viscount, a tub of warm chocolate, and her. She could spread it on his-

"Your thoughts," Sebastian said, appearing out of nowhere and making her jump.

"My what?" Heat rising to her cheeks, she concentrated on the countdown currently underway and thanked God that only fifteen seconds remained. With ten seconds remaining, she looked up.

He edged closer. "I brought my work with me." Holding out a plate filled with slices of cheese, bread, turkey, and avocado, he bit the side of his lip. "So...your thoughts."

I think I should strip you naked and have my way with you. The microwave dinged. "Uh...ah." She bent her head, studying the plate. "Great job." She meant it. He'd cut almost every piece as thick as she had shown him. Looking up, she smiled at him. "You're very handy with a knife, practically a natural."

Something gleamed in his pale blue eyes. "Thank you." He set the plate down. "I'll get bowls for the soup, shall I?"

"You go turn my sign to 'closed' while I bring everything else to the table where we were sitting."

"What about your customers?"

"It's usually slow on the day leading to New Year's Eve for in-house customers. I doubt anyone's shopping for dessert right now. Besides, all my pick-up orders have already been, well, picked up."

He inclined his head and headed to the front. She made quick work of gathering everything they needed and placed it on a large tray. As she entered the room, he waited for her by the table, her chair pulled out.

Just as she set the tray down, he leaned over and whispered, "I got over my allergy of good manners."

She bit back a smile and sat down. "I might have found mine again, too."

He piled a thick piece of bread with turkey, avocados, and cheese. A charming smile appeared on his face, making her stare at him in wonder. "Shall I call you Daisy instead of Ms. Barnes? I thought if are to break bread together-"

"Breaking bread together? Aren't you old-fashioned?" She wiggled her brows. "I lik-"

That charming smile disappeared, replaced by nothing. Absolutely nothing. He didn't smile, he didn't do anything, but kept his handsome face blank. "My apologies. Lunch. I wanted us to be on a first name basis before we ate." It was then Daisy realized that she had embarrassed him.

She placed her hand over his. "I was going to say that I liked the sound of breaking bread together, especially during this time of year. It's nice...Sebastian."

Unfortunately, her explanation didn't work, because he ate the rest of his meal in silence. She stayed quiet as well, but she couldn't help but notice that his gaze kept straying to her display of desserts, of all things.

Gah!

Why couldn't he stare at her boobs like a normal guy? She ate the last bite of her sandwich, washed it down with water, and then leaned back in her chair. "Guess I better clean up and re-open my store."

"Allow me."

Openly watching him as he cleared their dishes, she tried to think of something to say before he left. Something nice. Something friendly. Something-

Sebastian beat her to the punch. "May I take your picture to remember this day?"

"Oh-okay." She stood, and then moved to stand in front of the tiny Christmas tree she'd placed in the corner at the first of the month. Grabbing the Santa Hat from the top of the tree, she pulled it over her head. "How's this? It'll hide the I-was-out-of-my-mind orange."

Nodding, a corner of his mouth kicked up. "Very enterprising." Holding up his phone, he snapped a couple of pictures.

She felt a little silly standing there, so she plopped the Santa hat on his head and giggled at the sight. He looked so serious with his suit, then so silly with the hat. She wasn't surprised he'd put his jacket back on. His overcoat lay neatly over a nearby chair. "My turn to take a picture."

"I really don't think-" he glanced up at the ceiling, "-is that mistletoe?"

"Yeah, but I put it in the corner so no one would feel obligated to kiss."

His eyes dropped to her lips. "I don't feel obligated."

"Neither do I." She inched closer, carefully placing her palms on his chest. Dear God, his chest. Even though the layers, it felt broad and muscular. "Oh my mercy," she whispered.

"Indeed." He dipped his head and this time when his eyes closed, she didn't pull away. She didn't speak, she didn't think. Instead, she rose on her toes, grabbed the lapels of his jacket, and kissed him. And kissed him some more.

"Sebastian," she murmured against his lips.

"Bastian," he corrected. "I prefer Bastian, Daisy."

"Bastian," she whispered. A better name. Something a girl who was sweet on him would call him between kisses. Like she was doing now.

The kiss deepened, his hands threading in her hair, pulling at the chopsticks that held her bun in place. They hit the floor with a clatter, and then her back hit the wall.

She gasped.

He slid his tongue inside, flicking it at vulnerable spots she didn't know existed. Or maybe they had and were waiting on him to find them.

Her hair fell, glides of silk over her sensitive skin. His fingers gently touched the sides of her neck. A sensuous path that had her thighs trembling.

Further down his fingers went, hands cupping her shoulders, skimming down her arms, dipping to her chest, and then covering her br**sts.

"Perfect," he groaned.

She sucked his tongue deeper and he squeezed, making her ni**les hard and wanting. Hooking a leg around his waist, she jerked him against her, the delicious weight of him making her moan into his mouth. His hand found her thigh, gripping it tight as she ground against him.

Suddenly, he pulled away, his pale eyes unfocused, and then sharpening to their normal frost. "Christ," he swore. "I hadn't intended for this to happen." His grip eased and she lowered her leg. She let go of his lapels as he let go of her breast.

A smile threatened to curve her lips, but she didn't want to give him the wrong impression. She didn't want him to think she was laughing at him. Instead, she stroked the side of his cheek. His jaw clenched and she did it again, wanting to ease his tension.

"Please don't apologize," she whispered.

"I wasn't." His chin tipped up, full lips thinning. He held up his cell phone. "I have to go."

Cold washed over and through her. There was no reason she should be embarrassed, but she was. "Alright."

He strode to the chair and shrugged into his overcoat, then cast a look at her over his shoulder. "Damn it," he muttered and started for her again, long strides eating up the distance.

Heart swelling and desire rising, she met him halfway and wrapped her arms around his neck. Words weren't needed in this moment.

His hands settled on the sides of her face. "Daisy." A statement or a question, she wasn't sure.

She blinked up at him, this time allowing herself to smile at him. "Yes?"

For a minute, his mask slipped and longing shone in his eyes. "Happy New Year's in advanced, love."

"Happy New Year's, Bastian." She licked her dry lips. "I hope you find whatever it is you're looking for while you're here." I hope you come back to my store tomorrow, because I'll be waiting.

He searched her face, as if weighing her words for sincerity. "I already have."

"Good."

Lowering his head to hers, he breathed deeply and then pressed a kiss to her forehead. "Thank you, darling."

Her eyes closed. He held her or rather she held him, their bodies pressed tight once more,so tight that she actually felt his cell phone vibrate against her stomach.

Finally, she opened her eyes and looked up at him. Pale blue greeted her. He smiled. An honest-to-goodness smile. His cell phone vibrated again. Her amazing response, "Don't you need to answer that?"

The mask returned, hard and cold, and she wanted to kick herself. Why couldn't she have kept her mouth shut and enjoyed the moment?

His hands dropped and he fished his cell phone out of his pocket, reading the screen. Without another word, he pivoted and walked out her front door. Enormous, burly bodyguards followed close behind, their matching black coats swirling around them as they disappeared from her sight.

"Oh my mercy," she whispered, legs going shaky as she stumbled to a chair and plopped down in it.

Her door jerked open again. Sebastian was back. Her heart jumped up and down in her chest as he drew closer. Wordlessly, he held out his hand and she took it.

He pulled her to him and said, "If I could spend New Year's with you, I would. I want you to know that."

"What's stopping you?" she asked, her knees shaking. This wasn't what she expected him to say. Honestly, she didn't know what she expected him to say.

He dipped his head, forehead resting on hers. "Because I don't deserve to." Then he kissed her. Softly. Sweetly-so achingly sweet. Breaking their kiss, he turned away from her and left, for good this time, leaving her standing there, staring at empty space.

Chapter Three

Music blared, lights danced, and the drinks flowed freely at Poor Boys, Holland Springs most popular (and only) country music bar.

Daisy sat with her two closest friends, Haven Crawford and Isabella Edwards, at a high table, waiting on another round of drinks.

"Found anyone yet?" Haven asked. She twirled a long lock of pink hair around her finger.

Isabella made a face. "You really expect us to go through with it?"

Haven snorted. "Either it's one of these jokers or each other."

Daisy raised a hand. "I vote each other."

"Oh come on! It's New Year's Eve. We have to find someone to kiss," Haven said. "It's a like a rule."

For a moment, the image of Sebastian Romanov filled her head, all tall and lean, with his serious eyes and sexy mouth.

"Oooh, who are you thinking about, Daisy?" Isabella asked.

"Uh, no one." She'd never told her friends about that really strange encounter with Sebastian. Or the fact she'd had dreams about the man. Erotic dreams that involved him, her, and a bowl of warm chocolate.

"Sure you're not," Haven said with a little laugh.

Searching for a way out of revealing all, Daisy grinned as a familiar face caught her attention. She waved enthusiastically at her cousin, Heath Ambrose. He waved back, and then ambled up to the bar.

"Let's talk about you instead, Haven. Heath could be the one kissing you at-"

Haven shook her head, her silver eyes narrowing. "Not happening. Ever."

Isabella placed a comforting hand over Haven's. "It wouldn't bother me if you did."

"Seriously, Haven. Bella and Heath never dated. They kissed once, like in tenth grade or something. So, you're in the clear," Daisy pointed out.

"Exactly," Isabella said. "And since I actually have date tonight-"

"Who hasn't bothered to show up." Haven tapped her phone's screen. "He's got fifteen minutes, lady."

Isabella made a tsking noise. "Stop trying to change the subject. Besides, Peter's on his way. He'll be here in five minutes. So..."

The waitress dropped off their drinks, and Daisy picked up her bottle of beer, tipping it in Haven's direction. "Looks like it's just you and me, baby girl."

But Haven wasn't paying her any mind. She was too busy burning holes in the back of Heath's shirt.

"Go ask him," Daisy said, giving her friend's shoulder a little shove. "You know you want to." She motioned for Heath to come to their table.

Heath raised a glass in their direction and they all raised theirs right back. Well, everyone but Haven raised their glass. She turned up her nose and rolled her eyes.

"He has such an ego," she griped as Heath started in their direction.

Daisy and Isabella exchanged glances, and then they both said, "Hello pot."

Haven made a face, huffing as Heath joined him. "Don't you have other things to do, like knitting a brain for the empty space between your ears?"

Heath smiled, slow and easy. "Knitting club's on Wednesday nights, after church service. You interested in coming, baby doll?"

Haven flicked her eyes over him. "There's nothing I'm interested in." Then she stood, grabbed her phone, and walked away.

Heath sucked in some air through his teeth. "Ouch."

Isabella gave him a sympathetic smile. "You know you shouldn't have called her baby doll."

"Yeah, I know it." He shrugged. "But I figured I'd give her an actual reason to be rude to me."

Daisy had no idea why Haven had a problem with Heath. Heath was a down-to-earth, nice guy, and she wasn't just saying that because he was her cousin. He hadn't let his fame as a major league catcher go to his head. Every chance he got, he came home and helped his parents on their farm. He volunteered at the Boys and Girls Club, funded a camp for kids whose parents couldn't afford to send them, and a whole bunch of other projects.

Thing was-Heath was like that growing up too. Sure, he'd been a little cocky at times about his abilities, but Haven could hardly complain about that. The woman was practically a genius, who had no problem showing off her intelligence to anyone and everyone. She had been class valedictorian and had graduated from Duke with a degree in economics. Yet she had chosen to come home to run her grandparents' Bed and Breakfast when their failing health had prevented them from keeping it up properly.

Not something anyone had expected from the girl who'd proclaimed Holland Springs wasn't big enough for her. Maybe being around Heath forced Haven to eat crow, more often than she already did.

"Eight minutes to kissy face time," Isabella announced, her face lighting up as her fiance, Peter, joined them. "You're here."

Peter leaned down to kiss her friend on the forehead, and then he flashed a smile at Heath. "Aren't you a little young to be out past eleven?"

"Shouldn't you be in bed, old man?" Heath asked, with a shit-eating grin.

"Only if Isabella is with me," Peter said. He held out his hand to Isabella. She took it, kissing Daisy on the cheek before she stood.

Heath's jaw clenched and he muttered something intelligible under his breath. Maybe Heath wasn't over Isabella like she'd thought he was.

"Don't be alone at midnight," her friend called out as she and her fiance disappeared into the crowd.

Daisy nodded and then sighed thickly. "Awesome. I'm stuck with my cousin, on New Year's Eve, and the ball's getting ready to drop."

Heath punched her lightly on the shoulder. "It's not that bad. We can toast and hug, but I think someone else might want to get in on that."

"What?" Daisy's brow furrowed.

"Hi, honey," a man said from behind.

"Glen," she squeaked, turning around in her chair. "What are you doing here?" She wasn't sure if she were happy or sad about seeing him. They'd broken up right after Thanksgiving, and the only time they talked was to arrange for their dog, Cici, to have visitation.

Heath grabbed his bottle of beer. "I'll take that as my cue to leave."

Daisy managed a faint good-bye. "I thought you didn't like coming to places like this."

Glen leaned down, his chocolate eyes all seductive. "It's taken me some time, but I've come to the conclusion that wherever you are, is where I want to be. Even-" he made a face of disgust and she recoiled a little, "places like this. Besides, it's not like you come here that often." Actually she did. She, Haven, and Isabella had a weekly girls' night out here, but apparently, that had escaped Glen's notice.

"I think we owe it to ourselves to give our relationship one more try," he added.

She looked at him skeptically, and he took her hand, kissing it softly. "I missed you, Daisy. Haven't you missed me at all?"

Actually, she had. No matter his faults, she'd genuinely missed him. He'd been one of her best friends growing up, and she didn't want to let go of that.

"Yes."

"Give me another chance, honey. It's almost a new year. Let me show you the new me."

Caving, she stood and let Glen wrap his arms around her as the crowd began the final countdown. "Okay."

Smiling, he lowered his mouth to hers right as the bar went crazy.

***

The smell of bacon frying woke Daisy. She sat up in bed and glanced around, just as Glen, wearing nothing but a pair of boxer briefs, walked into the room. He smiled at her, and her stomach dropped.

All at once, everything came back to her: the kiss, her drinking waaay more than she should have, the drive to her house, their clothes all tangled around them, his hands on her br**sts, and the room spinning...then nothing.

"Did we spend the night together?" she asked. "I mean, did we have sex?"

He sat down beside her on the bed, taking her hand in his. "Well, one of us did." He traced her lips with a finger. "I've missed these lips, and what they can do."

"So...I-you...were the only one-"

Letting go of her hand, he held his own up. "Hey, I'm not turning down a blow job."

"But you didn't return the favor?"

"You fell asleep," he said and her stomach roiled. He'd used her and she'd let him. "Don't pout. I guess I could return the favor now."

Warning bells sounded in her head at the words guess and favor. Loving one another this way shouldn't be about favors. It should be mutual. "Way to make me feel all special, Glen."

"I shouldn't have to make you feel special."

Her reply died on her lips when he pushed her back on the bed and tore the sheet away. Who was this guy? Glen had always been a weird mix of timid and always-on-top missionary-style type of guy. Or maybe she didn't inspire no-holds-barred sex. Maybe all that came to mind with her was quiet, reasonable, and placid sex. Nothing to share with your girlfriends or have to take a couple of aspirin in the morning, because you were amazingly sore from the attention.

Apparently, only Haven had nights like that. Isabella was saving herself for marriage. So that left Daisy firmly in the middle and firmly on the boring side.

Gah.

His kissed a path down her stomach, ever closer to where she began to throb, and all feelings of unease and self-doubt began to dissolve like sugar in hot tea.

"You've never wanted to do this before," she said, breathless.

"First time for everything," he said, breath hot against her hipbone.

The timer dinged.

He shot up from bed and she sputtered a protest, "No-wait...where are you going?"

"The cinnamon rolls. I have to get them, or they'll burn." He kissed her on the forehead and looked into her eyes. She could have sworn she saw relief in them, but maybe that was just her own insecurities. "Don't be mad. I made breakfast for you." He practically ran from the room.

Anticipation turned to ash.

"I'd rather have something else right now," she called after him, grabbing a pillowcase and biting it. This was dumb. She never should have let him come home with her. She should have stayed the hell away and taken Haven's advice by finding a guy to kiss at midnight who wasn't her ex. She tossed the defenseless pillow to the side.

But she was weak. And he was Glen. Her first everything.

A few minutes later, Glen walked into her bedroom again. This time he had a tray, loaded with plates and glasses of orange juice and water. A small rose bloom sat in a vase. It was nice he remembered she loved roses.

He set it across her lap and smiled like a little kid who'd finally tied his shoes all by himself. "Here you go."

"Thank you." She picked up a fork and looked at her plate.

"Eggs over-easy and bacon extra crisp, just like you like it."

Oh God. She didn't have the heart to tell him that the eggs weren't done at all, or that the bacon was burnt. This was the first time he'd ever attempted to cook for her, and for someone who cooked for others all the time, it was the sweetest thing ever.

"Thanks for fixing me breakfast." She leaned over and kissed him. No matter what, she'd choke down the bacon, and she could swallow the eggs whole, without actually having to taste them.

"I know last night happened a bit fast for us, but it's not like we don't know each other.

"Yeah" she said noncommittally. "Very true."

"The timing's perfect though, with my lease running out."

She blinked at him. "Your lease?"

"Yep. So, when do you want me to move in, roomie?" Glen asked as she took her first bite of eggs.

Daisy gave him a faint smile, chewing slowly and carefully. If she thought really hard, she could vaguely remember a conversation about his lease being up and needing a place to stay.

"Take your time. I don't have to be out of my apartment until tomorrow."

This time she dropped her fork.

*** *** ***

Flowers. He could send flowers.

Sebastian shook his head. "Too overdone."

He clicked on the Bulgari website, searching their inventory of bracelets, rings and-ah, ha!-chopsticks. They were made of jade, decorated with platinum filigree and diamond accents. Perfect for her hair. The green would contrast nicely against the bright orange.

"Exclusively made for Bulgari by Sam Max. One pair only. Call for details." He twisted his lips. "Don't mind if I do." Just as he picked up the phone to call, the door to his study opened and his cousin walked in.

"Bad time?" Alexander Romanov asked. As usual, his clothes were the very latest trend. At times Sebastian thought it a little much, but his version of being trendy was wearing a plaid tie instead of a striped one.

Closing his laptop and setting his phone down, Sebastian blew out an annoyed breath. "Yes."

"Fantastic." Alexander sat down in the nearest club chair and crossed a leg over his ankle. "We need to talk."

"What could we possibly have to talk about?"

"No idea," Alexander said cheerfully. "Rose was the one to tell me to come here in the first place."

Sebastian leaned back in his office chair, steepling his hands together. "And you did as you were bid."

Alexander shrugged. "I rather fancy having Rose and our daughter in my life."

Trust Alexander not to be put out in the least by his insult. Very few things could ruffle the man, and try as he might, Sebastian wasn't one of them. However, that didn't mean he wouldn't stop trying to get under his cousin's skin. "Obviously you've come to thank me."

"There is that." A smile played on Alexander's lips. "Thank you. I'm grateful for the lie you told to get her here."

"I didn't tell a lie."

"You let her to believe you were Christian."

"I thought it was the only way," Sebastian said lightly. I'm not a monster. The words echoed in his mind. All lies, he'd told Daisy. Truth be told-he would have kidnapped the woman and her daughter, in order to bring them here. But he'd made a promise to a certain baker, and despite the monster that lived inside of him, his word was everything.

Alexander gave him a skeptical look. "It would have been easier for you to have sent someone to Rose's place, and encouraged her to come here."

They both knew what encouraged meant, and it wasn't the definition one would see in Webster's Dictionary. "Perhaps I've decided to turn over a new leaf."

"Perhaps the Queen will step aside and let Prince Charles rule."

Sebastian forced his hands to his lap. No need to let his cousin see him agitated. The man wouldn't stop if he did. "You're welcome."

His cousin rose to his feet, seemed to think the better of it, and sat down again. "Out with it."

Sebastian pressed the tips of his fingers against mouth. Maybe Alexander could give him a little insider knowledge about Daisy, without Sebastian ever having to admit who he needed insider information about.

"There's this woman," Sebastian began.

A smile kicked up the corners of Alexander's mouth. "Isn't there always?"

Sebastian flattened his lips. "If you don't mind..."

Alexander waved a hand. "Go on, go on."

"This woman...let's call her Petunia."

"You can't be serious. That's a dreadful name. Might as well name the woman Shrub."

Suppressing an eye roll, Sebastian continued, "Anyway, Petunia lives in Holland Springs, and I should like to send her something. Flowers are out of the question-"

"Obviously," Alexander snorted.

"And I'm afraid jewelry might be a little too much, too soon." He'd buy the chopsticks anyway and save them for later. "Maybe chocolates or the like...wasn't there some confectionary shop that you couldn't stop going on about when you were moping over Rose?"

His cousin's green eyes fixed on him, and Sebastian knew a moment of dread. "The Sweet Spot. Daisy Barnes owns it. Why?"

"Thought it best to shop local, of course."

"And you thought it best to know about the owner."

"One can't do business with just anyone," Sebastian agreed. This would be easier than he thought.

"Especially when you're attracted to said owner."

"Exactly."

Alexander smirked and raised his brows.

Dammit. "No. I...ah." Sebastian clamped his mouth shut. No way around it. He'd been caught.

His cousin leaned forward. "Let me help you out, mate. You met the beauteous Daisy, and yes, I noticed-I am a man-and it was like lightning struck the poor sod otherwise known as Sebastian Romanov. The earth moved and yet, your Daisy felt nothing. You responded in the usual way, with arrogant comebacks and demands, completely ruining any chance of ever wooing said lady."

Sebastian stared at him in horror. "How did you-"

"You're not the only one with spies," Alexander said, smirk still firmly in place. "Or the ability to remotely activate mobile phones whenever the mood strikes and listen in. Never know what one might hear. And you're you, for God's sake."

"Fine. I want to know more about Daisy Barnes."

"Very good, Sebastian," Alexander crooned, as if he were talking to his daughter and not a grown man of twenty-six. "Now the rest, or I can't help you."

Bastard. Sebastian crossed him arms and then smiled. "I'm in love with Daisy Barnes."

Alexander blinked and his mouth dropped open. "You're sure Daisy Barnes isn't a metaphor for money or her business that you want to buy and turn into some kind of cupcake empire?"

"Positive."

"Then I'm truly sorry to say your Daisy belongs to another."

The world that had shifted under his feet blew itself to pieces. "She's married?" He didn't recall seeing a ring, but maybe in her line of work, rings were a hazard.

"No. Back with her ex. According to Rose, Glen moved in with Daisy a couple weeks ago."

So this was what heartbreak felt like. He rubbed at the spot in the center of his chest. "Oh, that's good."

This time Alexander stood and moved to the door. "Normally I'd give you hell, but it looks like you're already there."

Sebastian could only nod his head and stare, at nothing really. His cousin and the contents of the room had all become vague shapes.

"Best thing about Daisy Barnes is her friendly nature. I ordered a few cheesecakes online from her last week, and we-including Rose-managed to exchange emails, which is how she found out about the ex."

The last thing Sebastian wanted to hear about was cheesecakes and Alexander's email exchanges with Daisy-his vision sharpened, and he fixed his gaze on his cousin. "She personally responds to emails?"

"She did for us." Alexander stroked his chin. "You know, I was never a fan of getting back together with an ex, because usually there's a reason why an ex is your ex in the first place."

"Your point?"

"I've shown you the open window, mate. Send an email through it." With that, his cousin strode out the door.

Chapter Four

"One cupcake again, Jules?" Daisy stared at the order for a moment, then rechecked the on-line form. One red velvet cupcake to be sent to a Mr. Jules Westmoreland in Surrey, England. One cupcake a week. Just like every order he'd made for the last three months. This was getting ridiculous, not to mention she felt guilty as heck that she'd let it go on as long as she had.

She tapped out a tune on her keyboard with the tips of her fingers.

So far, she'd shipped each one via FedEx per his request at the tune of over a hundred and fifty bucks just for shipping. It would be cheaper for him if he'd just order all four at once, and she really should let Jules know.

Brow scrunching, she began to type:

Dear Jules,

How is your dad doing? Has he stopped being a difficult patient yet? When my mother was convalescing at home, there were days I wanted to pull my hair out, because she was so darn stubborn and didn't want my help. If you have to, leave the room for a minute, or hire someone to help him.

Be strong!

I also wanted to let you know that you could save a lot of money by ordering and having me ship all four cupcakes (baked however you want and whatever flavor icing you want) at once. Please don't mistake my email as a complaint-I truly want to do what's best for my customers (and my friends, no matter how recently made) and that includes pointing out where they could save some money.

Let me know if you'd like to change your order.

Smiles,

Daisy

Mr. Westmoreland's response came faster than she expected. Heck, it was almost nine at night and there was a five-hour time difference.

Daisy,

He remains the same-arrogant, bad-tempered and non-cooperative-and that's on his good days. Thanks for asking.

How goes negotiations with the insurance company? Still insisting the procedures weren't covered?

I rather like the arrangement we have, but if you feel it would be best to change, I suppose I could order four a week (and run the ten extra miles it would require to eat them).

Make it so.

Your servant,

Jules

She let her head fall against her palm. That's not what she meant at all. And had he really just quote Captain Picard from Star Trek? She laughed.

J.

Let me know how everything works out. You know you can email me anytime if you need to!

Ugh. Not going there with the insurance. At this rate, I'll have to sell the house and move in with my best friend, then Glen and I'll never be able to afford to get married. :}

BTW, I didn't mean you had to order four cupcakes every week, you goose! I meant you could order all four at the beginning of the month, and I would mail all of them to you at the same time, then all you would have to do is follow my instructions for keeping them fresh.

So sorry for the misunderstanding. I apologize.

Ten points deducted from Hufflepuff.

D.

Daisy,

Clearly, our email exchanges aren't quite getting our points across.

May I invite you to chat? We're using the same email provider.

Jules

Her stomach flipped. She sat back against her bed, her laptop sliding to one side before she righted it, and took a deep breath. What was the harm? They'd been emailing back and forth for months now about personal stuff.

Sure.

Jules: Daisy?

Daisy: I'm here. Look, I feel really bad that you only order one cupcake at a time and pay so much for shipping, when you could order four at once, maybe at the beginning of the month, and I could ship with directions on how to keep them fresh.

Jules: You are lovely to think of me like this, but you lose absolutely no money with the arrangement we have.

Daisy: True, but I can't, in good conscience, let you keep doing that without knowing all your options. And I feel guilty that I hadn't thought of it before now. 

Jules: Again, you are a lovely person to think so, but I'd be rather sad if I didn't receive my weekly update from you regarding my order and my well-being, my father's well-being, what episode of Downton Abbey I'm up to now, or debate the merits of a female Dr. Who. However, if you feel it's for the best, we can only exchange emails once a month.

If she and Jules condensed their exchanges to once a month, it wouldn't be that much of... Suddenly, she got a funny feeling in her stomach.

She would miss talking to Jules each week, she realized.

Ridiculous, maybe, but true. Sometimes it seemed like she talked to Jules more than she did Glen, but then, Jules listened to her. Glen mostly grunted and crashed, claiming he was tired.

Jules: Daisy...? I apologize if I've overstepped.

Daisy: NO! We can change your order to save money, but, um, we can still talk each week, if you want.

Jules: I'd like that. And Daisy...

Daisy: Yes?

Jules: You have no idea how much your weekly emails (and cupcakes) have helped. Thank you.

Warmth spread through her, down to the tips of her toes. It was nice to be appreciated, for someone to acknowledge the little things. Glen wouldn't notice if she walked through the house wearing nothing but do-me-now red lipstick.

Daisy: They mean a lot to me, too, Jules.

Jules: Would it be odd if I chatted you up more often? The American version of chatting, not English, that is. Glen has nothing to worry about. In fact, he's welcome to join in again.

Jules was so thoughtful, so not Glen.

She smiled at the computer screen, and then guilt pricked at her, quick and sharp, though there was nothing inappropriate about her relationship with Jules. Heck, Glen had talked to Jules, several times. They'd given each other a hard time over sports. Something about football versus rugby.

Daisy: Let me think about it.

Jules: Of course. Good night.

Daisy: Night.

Taking a deep breath, she cleared her thoughts. If she and Glen were going to work out, she had to stop comparing Jules to him. It wasn't fair of her to do so, and if she didn't stop, then she'd have no choice but to stop talking to Jules. As much as she hated the whole "owed it to him" saying, she did think Glen deserved a second chance. Years of friendship before it turning into more had been the total basis for trying to work things out.

She set her laptop to one side and jumped out of bed to fix herself a little snack, padding across her bedroom and into the hallway, the wooden floor creaking as she went. Along the way, she paused in the living room to check to see if Glen's truck was in the drive.

Pushing the sheer curtains aside, she peeked through the window. The space beside her Honda was empty.

Where was Glen?

She frowned.

He hadn't texted or called to let her know he'd be late. Something he'd been doing a lot lately, and had been blaming on his extra work duties. But honestly, how much of an extra workload could a high school history teacher/assistant football coach have in the off-season?

Maybe it had been a mistake to get back together with him, or to allow him to move in with her, since his lease had been up and they were planning to get engaged someday anyway...or so he had implied. Maybe she'd just been too darn lonely to say no.

But this was Glen. Her Glen. Someone she'd known since seventh grade.

Walking to the kitchen, she shook her head and muttered, "I love Glen and he loves me. There's no reason at all to think that he broke up with me right before the holidays so he wouldn't have to buy me a gift and then got back together once his lease had been up."

Cici's claws tapped on the floor as she ran up to Daisy, wagging her little stump of a tail and banishing Daisy's less than charitable thoughts of her now on-again boyfriend.

Daisy knelt on the floor to pet her sweet puppy, if she could call a five-year-old, fifty-two pound dog of indeterminable origins a puppy, but Cici was having none of that and decided she'd rather be a lapdog, tackling her.

Laughing, Daisy fell on her butt, wet sloppy kisses covering her face. "Need a little attention, do you?" Gosh, she loved this dog. Three years ago, when she and Glen had first found Cici at the shelter, an instant connection had been made. They had taken one look at that dog's blue and brown eyes and fallen in love.

The back door swung open. Glen walked in, a smile on his face when Cici bounded over to him.

Wasn't there a saying about dogs being a good judge of people?

Slowly, she rose to her feet, dusting off her pajama bottoms. "I was getting worried about you. I made you an extra plate, and I can heat it up if you're ready."

The smile faded from Glen's face. "It's not want I want."

"But you don't know what I cooked tonight," she said.

He held out his hands, palms up. "I mean, this isn't what I want. You're not what I want."

A ball of what felt like dough that'd been left out in the open for too long hit the bottom of her stomach. "It isn't? I'm not?" she croaked.

"Oh Lazy-Daisy-" Her eye twitched at his juvenile nickname. She'd always hated when he'd call her by it. "Not really. I've been thinking and I'm not in love with you anymore. Well, I love you, but more like a friend. There's no spark, no life to our relationship, and I'm bored. Gina told me to give you another chance, so I did, but it's not working."

"Who's Gina?" she asked, anger merging with furious to make one ticked off baker.

"She's the new guidance counselor at work," he said slowly, as if speaking to a small child. "I told you all about her."

Crossing her arms, she pursed her lips. "No, you didn't."

"Like you listen to anything I say," he scoffed. "You're too busy baking and talking to some guy in England."

Blood rushed to her face, heating it. How dare he turn this on her? "Excuse me? I own a bakery, and Jules is a customer."

Glen smirked. "You talk to all of your customers that often?"

In fact, there were some she talked to every day and knew everything about, including when their next doctor appointments were and who had hemorrhoids. So sue her if she had a lot of senior citizens for customers. "Don't make what Jules and I have into something dirty."

Petting Cici, he motioned for the dog to go to bed. She went happily and Daisy wished she could join her.

"I didn't."

"Yes, you did." She swallowed and briefly closed her eyes. "Did you cheat on me, Glen?"

"Only in my heart, with Gina. We really love each other. It's a mature love, with a woman who has less baggage than you. I can't handle your baggage."

Gaping at his answer, she fought back the tears of anger and frustration. Any love she felt for him was gone, and for it to have left so easily meant it hadn't really been there in the first place. At least, not this time. "You're my baggage, you asshat!"

He cocked his head to one side, a move that she normally thought was endearing, but now it made her want to smack him. "Don't be mad, honey. A clean break is what's best for both of us."

Pressing her fingers to her temples, she tried to process their conversation. This Glen wasn't the Glen she loved in high school, or the Glen that had been there for her when her momma had died. No, this Glen was unrecognizable. They'd grown apart while growing up.

Hurt raked through her. How could he do this? How could he have led her on? Oh, she knew how, because she had let him.

"Get out of my house."

He blinked at her. "Right this minute?"

"You said it yourself-a clean break is what's best for both of us. So why draw it out, Glen? Get your crap and leave," she said, proud that her voice didn't waver. No matter what, she would be strong.

"Fine," he snapped, marching out of the room.

While he packed, she paced the kitchen and began to pull out the items she needed to bake...something. By the time she had out everything but the milk and butter, Glen was back, one large suitcase in each hand and Cici on his heels.

"Where am I supposed to go?" he asked.

She set the whisk in her hand down on the counter, more for his safety than hers. "Try Gina's. I'm sure she could counsel you on what to do next."

He glanced away from her. "She still lives with her ex."

Daisy snorted. "You both are idiots."

"Yeah, well, you suck in bed," Glen snapped.

"That's entirely your fault, since you're the only guy I've ever slept with," she replied sweetly. "Maybe Gina will teach you something new, since I'm the only woman you've ever slept with." A fact that had thrilled Daisy to no end. Maybe she could hold on to that memory of him.

"You're not the only woman," he mumbled, his cheeks heating.

"What?" She could barely choke out the word.

"Gina and I, after we broke up...we-"

"She's the reason why we haven't had sex in the past two and a half months?"

His gaze flew to hers. "You've been counting the days?"

She stared back at him, more stupefied than ever. "Just get out, Glen."

"God, you're a bitch when you want to be." He turned and Cici followed, wagging her tail. It was at that moment Daisy noticed the leash.

"Not Cici," Daisy cried, trying to grab the leash, but Glen simply blocked her body with his and her hands fell helplessly to her sides.

"She likes me better, and you know it," Glen said.

Daisy did know it, but it still hurt for him to say the words. "But she's our dog."

"Not anymore," he said. "Let's go, Cici." The dog only whined once and then followed Glen out the door, her little stump of a tail wagging happily.

Daisy managed to keep it together. She didn't utter a sound as the door shut, or as she heard the car start up and back down her driveway. But as soon as she heard him hit the gas, she sank to the floor in a crumpled heap and cried her eyes out.

Why hadn't she stood up to him? Why hadn't she refused to let Cici go?

Because Glen would more than likely grow tired of caring for Cici, like he had before, and he'd call Daisy to come get her, the rational part of her brain reminded her. All Daisy would have to do is be patient.

"I can be patient and strong," Daisy whispered.

Refusing to cry any more tears over that asshat, she scrubbed her tears away and stood, marching to her bedroom. She grabbed her laptop and plopped down on the bed, messaging the first person that came to mind.

This time, it wasn't Isabella, her best friend since first grade. It wasn't Haven, who'd been her other best friend since ninth grade.

Daisy: Jules! I need you. Please!

Oh God. Why had she done that? Feeling foolish, she moved the mouse to delete and-

Jules: I'm here, darling.

Her hands froze for a moment, and then she began to type. Her hands shook so much that her sentences ran together in places, but she didn't care. She had to get everything out.

Daisy: Glen just broke up with me. I told him to get out. He took my dogandhesinolvewithanother woman. Hecheated on me withsomewoman named Gina! He doesn't love me except as a FRIEND. Cici left me too. He took my DOG with him.

Jules: I'll hunt the bastard down, cut off his testicles, and make him eat them.

She half laugh-half sobbed at his reply.

Jules: I'm not joking, love. Say the word and it shall be done.

Daisy: Thank you, but I'd rather you stay out of jail. I could use a shoulder to cry on though.

Jules: I can be there by seven AM your time.

Daisy: Six fifty-five. Tell the pilot to fly faster.

Jules: If you give me a minute, I'll arrange it. What are your favorite breakfast foods?

Daisy: Everything is my favorite food. I love to eat.

Jules: I'd love to feed you. Honestly, I only want you to feel better.

Daisy: You don't have time to listen. It's late and I have to talk things out. I'll-

Jules: Time is all I really have, and it's all yours. I guess you can say that my time belongs to you.

From that point on, she shared everything that had ever mattered to her with Jules. Her dad's death in Afghanistan when she was barely three, her mother's death from cancer four years ago, the insurance bills that still cropped up every so often she had to pay, and how damn alone she'd felt afterwards, even with her best friends, Isabella, Haven, and Glen being there for her every step of the way. Which was why his betrayal hurt so bad. Glen had been her best friend. Her everything that Isabella and Haven couldn't be.

Daisy: The worst part is that I think Glen was right. We really did love each other as friends...only friends don't do that, you know. They don't betray you like that.

Jules: Do you want to salvage your friendship with Glen?

Daisy thought she'd need time to think it over-time to weigh the pros and cons, but she didn't. Her fingers did the deciding for her.

Daisy: HELL NO!

Jules: Then it's settled. Concentrate on making new friends.

Daisy: Like you?

Jules: I thought we were already were friends.

Daisy: The very best.

The sky started to lighten, and she blinked her sleepy eyes. They felt dry, scratchy, and raw, just like the rest of her.

Daisy: Are you almost here? I don't think I can stay awake any longer and you have to be exhausted.

Jules: Don't fall asleep on me now. My shoulder is ready for you. Ah, there is your driveway.

She smiled.

The sound of tires rolling over gravel made her blink. She was hearing things. She glanced at the clock. 6:55 on the dot.

Daisy: lol. My mind is playing tricks on me. I swear it sounded like a car just drove up. I have to go to bed now. Besides, isn't your virtual shoulder wet from all my virtual tears?

Jules: I changed clothes. Are you quite sure you don't need me?

Daisy: I did need you and you were there for me. You even kept me from chewing a hole in my cheek. It's a bad habit of mine.

Jules: I'd say so. You really need to work on not doing that when you're upset.

Daisy: I'll do my best.  Now I really need to sleep. Thank you, Jules, for everything. Talk to you tomorrow?

Jules: Of course. My time belongs to you. Night, love.

Daisy: Night. 

She closed her laptop and let her head fall to her pillow.

Later that afternoon, she opened the front door and a bouquet of flowers, in every color imaginable, awaited her. Beside it was a large cooler. She opened it and found containers of food, along with a handwritten note.

Daisy,

I hope you enjoy this traditional English breakfast, and the flowers. Any time you need me, say the word and I'll be there-virtually or in real life.

Yours,

Jules

PS: This cost a lot more to have delivered than a single cupcake, and it was no hardship. So stop feeling guilty.

PPS: Glen's a wanker.

PPPS: Talk to you tomorrow-I need sleep!

PPPPS: You can text me anytime. I'll be able to answer you more quickly.

He'd given her his number. She clutched the note to her chest and smiled dreamily, while wondering if she'd ever get to meet him.

Chapter Five

"You're mad, you know that, right?" the voice on the phone barked.

Sebastian hit send on the email he'd just finished composing, and replied, "If by mad, you mean genius, then yes." He ended the call just as his other phone buzzed and smiled.

Daisy: My date sucked last night.

Jules: But you went on one and that's the first step to getting back in the game, as the kids say.

Daisy: Ugh. I'd rather be on the sidelines. He was all handsy and committed too many fouls.

Sebastian fought the rising tide of jealous, and lost. He didn't want another man's hands on her, another man's mouth kissing her, or worse, another man's arms around her, comforting her or encouraging her while knowing all the very mundane things about her that Sebastian would give away his entire inheritance to be privy to.

Jules: Shall I take care of this miscreant?

Daisy: lol. No, I took care of him. How are things going with Kate?

Jules: They're not.

The door to his office burst open, and Liam Stewart strode in, his dark eyes narrowing. Liam was Sebastian's oldest friend. They'd met their first year at Eton, and there was no one else he trusted more.

"It's wrong and you know it. Hanging up on me won't change the fact that the deal you made with Javenesky is so incredibly wrong and shady. He's a rumored arms' dealer." The door closed with a slam behind him. "Put down the damn mobile phone, Sebastian, and listen to me," he snapped, stopping just short of the massive desk that sat in front of a wall of windows.

"My last name is Romanov. Everything my family does is wrong and shady," Sebastian pointed out. By making a deal with some even shadier underworld types, he would seal the fate of Romanov Industries. Once the public knew, his father would be humiliated and then the business would have to be sold, piece by piece, and he would be done. He would have peace. "And I'll put down my mobile when I'm bloody well ready."

Daisy: Breaking up with her? That's so sad.

He was a little sad but he'd tried, because Daisy had been the one to encourage him to date in the first place. Perhaps he hadn't tried as hard as he could have, with Daisy constantly on his mind and in his computer and phone, but he'd tried to be a good boyfriend to Kate, only being one required time he didn't have. Romanov Industries came first-as did Daisy. They were in a dead heat.

The best thing he could say he'd done for Kate was not to have slept with her. If he had, their breakup would have been more disastrous than it already was. He knew Kate was in love with him and would have been willing, but he couldn't take advantage of that love to satisfy his base needs.

Daisy: But I bet it will be less confusing for you.

Jules: ?

Daisy: Every woman in England is named Kate. What do you do when you can't find each other out in public? If you yell Kate, a million women answer you. ;)

He made a noise, a cross between a snort and a grunt.

Jules: Don't quit your day job, darling.

Daisy: I am funny. You said so last night.

Liam exhaled. "This scheme of yours will get you fired."

"Perhaps that's what I want to happen," Sebastian muttered as his fingers flew over the keys.

Jules: I was drunk.

Daisy: Tea makes you drunk? What in the world did you add, besides honey and lemon?

He inwardly grinned. She knew exactly how he took his tea, and that he liked to drink it right before bed.

Jules: Fine. You were uproariously hilarious.

Daisy: Knew it. 

"Perhaps when it does, you'll get yourself sorted out," Liam murmured and Sebastian stopped typing.

"What are you implying?"

Leaning against Sebastian's desk, his best friend ran a hand through his dark hair and worked at his tie. "Ordinarily, I classify you as not in the "he's not a tosser group", but this... It's going to hurt the wrong people."

"The only person it will hurt is Vladimir, and since he's off in Morocco with his latest mistress, I'll try not to get all-"

The door to his office swung open, and Ivan, his head of security walked in, grimmer than usual. "It's been reported that your father's yacht has exploded."

Sebastian wasn't surprised, not with the enemies Vladimir had made over the years. "I'm sure he'll purchase a new one straightaway."

Ivan shook his head, and Sebastian suddenly felt queasy.

"Nyet. Mr. Romanov and his friend were on it at the time."

Sebastian's vision blurred and there was a foreign pressure on his shoulder, squeezing him tight. He couldn't breathe. There wasn't enough air in the room and his tie was strangling him. He shot to his feet, his desk chair toppling to the floor with a loud bang against the marble, and clawed at the collar of his shirt.

"Bastian," he heard Liam say.

An image of his father lifting him and Christian high in the air came to mind. The day was cold and sunny. Their mother had suggested an outing at the park. Vladimir had smiled at the three of them, his eyes bright blue and kind, as they ate their lunch. Contentment had flowed through his little body as they ran, trying to hoist a kite made of construction paper and straws into the sky.

"Papa," he whispered, small child and grown man at the same time.

"Mr. Romanov?"

The image faded. "Christ," he swore and pushed Liam away. He didn't need his comfort. He didn't want his comfort. "Take what you need, Ivan, and find out who's responsible so they can be properly dealt with by the authorities."

Ivan nodded. He knew exactly what Sebastian meant, and Sebastian was the only authority his head of security and personal bodyguard would obey.

He clenched his jaw and turned to face the window. God, he hated the view and the office, but he couldn't leave. He was trapped by years of training, years of discipline by his father.

So, although he wanted to go with Ivan, he didn't. He couldn't. Hadn't his father drilled the keep-your-nose clean mantra into his head for years? Sebastian, the Golden Child. The heir to the throne of the Romanov Empire. The one to make it above board in all things. Totally legitimate and legal.

Until now. Until Sebastian's carefully laid plans had been thwarted by someone who hated his father more than he did.

"I know you and Vladimir weren't on the best of terms, but still, bloody hell, I'm sorry," Liam said softly from behind.

"I'm sorry, too," Sebastian bit out and pivoted to face his friend. "I'm sorry I didn't blow up the bastard myself." Then he walked out of his office, down the hall, and made his way outside, into the dreary English afternoon.

***

Two weeks later

Daisy: Did you get the cupcakes I sent?

Jules: I did. Thank you.

Daisy: You're welcome. You know...if you need a shoulder to cry on, I have one available. Or just lean on, since men don't cry. But if you do, that's okay. I won't tell.

Jules: I'll sort it all out on my own, but thank you.

Daisy: You're welcome. So...how's the weather?

Jules: Dreary, like my soul.

Daisy sent Jules an image of two people hugging. Ever since his father had passed away in his sleep, Jules had been noticeably quieter, not that she expected him to be chatty over e-mails and texts, but he was subdued, and there was nothing she could do about it, other than send him cupcakes and be there for him, in whatever way he needed her.

He sent her back a heart, and her heart danced in her chest, making it feel lighter than it had in days. Last week, after making no progress at all with the insurance company for the most recent and most expensive bill she'd ever been required to pay, she finally put her house up for sale. Her realtor had already secured a showing for this afternoon. Too bad the woman couldn't have waited for a Monday, so Daisy could at least have the distraction of work.

Jules: What are you up to today?

Daisy glanced around Holland Springs Meadows before sitting down on a bench under a leafy green tree. Flags were placed on the graves of the fallen, including her dad's, in honor of their service.

Daisy: Visiting my parents.

Jules: Does it ever get easier?

Tears blurred her vision, and the screen of her phone became unreadable.

Daisy: Not as fast as I'd like, but with friends like you, Haven, and Bella, it doesn't get any harder.

Jules: Is there's hope for me?

Daisy: Always.

One month later

Jules: I miss him, and I hate it. It's like he's all around me, and I can't purge him fast enough.

Daisy: Take deep breaths. You don't have to do it all at once.

Jules: So it's okay for me to feel this way?

Daisy: As long as you're feeling something, I think so.

Jules: What if I told you I was glad he was dead?

Daisy: Then I'd listen.

Jules: And?

Daisy: And what?

Jules: Obviously, that makes me a monster.

Daisy: No, it makes you human.

Jules: Thank you.

Daisy: What about your mom? Where does she fit in all this?

Jules: She practically danced on his grave. We don't speak much.

Daisy: Maybe when all of this is over and everyone's feelings have had a chance to settle, you'll be able to speak to her a lot more.

Jules: Doubtful. Tell me something about your day. Something to make me smile and forget.

Daisy: This morning I put salt instead of sugar in my blueberry pie. It was disgusting. One of my customers ate an entire slice before telling me. She didn't want to hurt my feelings. So I made her two whole pies, the right way, and sent them home with her.

Jules: God, I wish I could hold you right now...please disregard if I've overstepped my bounds.

Daisy: I'll book a flight and you can hold me by tonight.

Jules: Save your money. I'm not fit for company, and the place I'm stuck in doesn't help.

Daisy: Then go somewhere that has good memories for you.

Jules: I don't have a place like that.

Daisy: Then make one. I'll mail your cupcakes there.

Three months later

Jules: Finally sold the house I'd shared with my father, and bought a new one in a village called Cheam. The house is all brick, with ivy growing up the front. There's a heart-shaped door knocker on the front door. The kitchen made me think of you-shiny appliances and lots of counter space. The garden in the back is nice. There's a place where you can dine al fresco. I think you would love it.

Daisy: Send me pictures and I can pretend I'm there with you, cooking for us in your kitchen and eating outside while the birds sing and the breeze blows.

Jules: Do you think other people text like this?

Daisy: Who cares what other people do?

Jules: I care about what you think.

Daisy: Me too.

Jules: Do you have a Bucket List?

Daisy: I do. First thing on it: Go to England

Jules: I'm flattered.

Daisy: Um...I wrote it three years before I met you. Sorry. What's your first one?

Jules: Ouch! A place to call home, with the woman who loves me waiting inside.

Daisy: That's a very nice first.

Jules: Wishful thinking is always very nice.

Five months later

Daisy: Someone bought my house, for more than I hoped to get.

Jules: This makes you happy, yes? You can pay off that one last pesky insurance bill.

Daisy: I've never lived anywhere else. I feel like I've sold a piece of my heart.

Jules: Maybe the new owner will rent it out to you.

Daisy: I don't want to rent it. Sending a check every month would remind me of what I've lost.

Jules: So what now?

Daisy: I found an apartment. It's in town.

Jules: You can make happy memories there.

Daisy: Come stay with me, and you can be a part of them. Promise I won't bite, and I'm not insane.

Jules: I'd love to, but I'm still not fit for company. In fact, I won't be around for a month or two, if not longer.

Daisy: What are you up to, Jules? I'm worried for you.

Jules: Very bad things. Don't worry. It's hard to kill a monster.

Daisy: You're not a monster. Stop beating yourself up.

Jules: I think it's best if we don't talk for a while.

Daisy: Although that's not what I want, I'll respect your wishes. Please find someone to talk to. I think you're having a harder time with your dad's death than you think.

Jules: Good-bye, Daisy.

Sebastian strolled down a dark street in West End, without his bodyguards in tow. Not the smartest idea he'd ever had.

Lately, however, whatever had seemed smart was immediately discarded in favor of really bad ideas. Or in this case, really bad parts of the city. On a foggy (what else?) night.

Honestly, he didn't care. He'd been living life like his twin used to live: carelessly and selfishly. His affairs were public, his partying endless, and his behavior extremely rude.

So much so, that his closest friends had stopped going out with him. Hell, all but Liam had stopped answering his calls. Even Kate avoided him, and she'd known him for as long as Liam had. Though he was sure their very public breakup had something to do with it.

Not that he cared anymore. He didn't care about anyone or anything. Well, that wasn't entirely true.

Try as he might, he could not put one woman out of his mind. Daisy filled his waking hours, sober or not. She filled his dreams. Her name was constantly on his lips, no matter whose lips were on him.

This, of course, made him the worst sort of ass. It made him a user. It made him his father.

Pausing in front of a darkened shop, he exhaled and wondered for the first time if what he was doing made any sense. How was being this way getting back at Vladimir if he was becoming exactly like him? Or at the very least, a pale imitation of the man.

There were some things Vladimir had done that Sebastian would never lower himself to do. Some things he would never use his power, position, or strength to do to another human being.

All at once, he heard a smack and then a woman screamed. His first instinct was to call 999 for help, and stay firmly put in order help the police. His second instinct was to take matters into his own hands.

Another scream and he took off, running as fast as he could. He just could make out the blurred shapes of two people, one noticeably bigger than the other. The fog cleared and Sebastian was practically on top of them.

The woman shoved at the man. "Get off."

"Change your mind yet?" The man raised his arm, one hand a beefy fist ready to strike.

Without thinking, Sebastian stepped forward, grabbed the man's wrist, and spun him around. He jerked the man's arm up and pressed it against his back. "Better keep your hands to yourself."

"This doesn't concern you."

Sebastian shook his head. "Ah, but it does. It concerns every man when a woman's being abused."

"She hit me first," the man whined. "And she owes me money."

Cold fury rose inside of Sebastian. Vladimir used to make the same excuse whenever he would lay a hand on Sebastian and Christian's mother. She made me do it. She hit me first. Always, his father blamed the victim. They had it coming.

"That's a lie," the woman spat. She turned pleading eyes on Sebastian. "He sold me to one of his mates. I can't go through that again, but I've a little one at home, and she needs to eat."

"You were willing enough, until this guy showed up," the man said.

Sebastian tightened his grip and turned the man's hand at a rather painful angle-something Sebastian knew from firsthand experience. The man let out a scream when the wrist bone on the right cracked. "Okay, okay. I'll stay away from her. Just let me go."

"You're lying," Sebastian said coldly and then turned to the woman standing beside him. Her face was battered and bruised, her clothes torn on her skinny body, and her hair stringy, but she didn't have the look of a junkie, not that it mattered to him. He would help her and her child (if she really had one), regardless.

The man struggled against him, landing a blow to the side of Sebastian head. His ear rung and his vision blurred, but he'd had suffered worse. Far worse. These were like love taps compared to what his father and his father's former bodyguards had done to him.

Sebastian smiled. "Hit me again." Or else wasn't said or unsaid. The statement was there.

"What?"

"Hit me again," he repeated.

The man's eyes widened. "You're insane. Who the hell smiles after getting punched in the head?"

"I do." Sebastian turned his attention to the woman, still standing there. Trembling in fear and cold. "What's your name, love?" he asked softly. He didn't want to scare her.

"Molly B-"

"Don't need a surname." Sebastian smiled gently. "Now, would you'd be so kind as to grab my mobile from my left coat pocket, go to my contacts, and call Ivan?"

Molly hesitated. "You'd trust me to not run off with it?"

No, he didn't. "Let me help you, Molly. Call Ivan and he'll come round with a car. We'll go pick up your little one and take you both to a very safe place where no one can hurt you."

Molly stretched out her hand. It shook. "How do I know you won't hurt me more than Frank has?"

"You don't." He looked at Frank, who stared back at him like he was the very Devil. "Whatever you decide, I'll take care of this one. Won't I, big boy?" Then he applied more pressure and finished breaking the rest of Frank's wrist bones.

Two days later, Sebastian stood outside the back entrance of the safe house, with the director. She was a no-nonsense woman who he had complete confidence in and used the money he sent every month wisely. The former mansion could house up to thirty women and children. It wasn't the only one he supported. There were twenty more like it throughout Scotland, Ireland, and England.

Helping these women and their children wasn't something he bragged about, and not because he was a humble man either. He wasn't. It was shameful that these houses had to exist in the first place, but they were needed. And so, he had provided them.

"Molly's fitting in very nicely here, Mr. Romanov. Her little one's already playing with the others."

"Excellent." He turned to leave.

"She asked for your name," the director said.

He wasn't surprised. Molly had asked him on the limo ride over, right before she put her hand on his crotch and offered to pay him back. He'd let her down gently, moving her hand away. She'd collapsed against him, crying, and he'd let her, offering his handkerchief when she was done.

"What did you tell her?" he asked, already knowing the answer. She'd say nothing at all, of course.

"That names weren't important around here, only deeds."

"We've need of a director for a new house in Glasgow. Know anyone?" he asked.

The director didn't blink. A breeze blew a lock of platinum hair over the scarred side of her face. Her ex-husband had taken a razor to her, and since owning a gun hadn't been an option, the restraining order had become just as shredded as her face when he'd broken into her flat.

A nosy neighbor had saved her, and brought her to Childers, where his father had been a patient at the time. Sebastian heard the story, and had paid for her to be moved to a nicer place, with private medical care.

She'd healed, written him a thank you note, and he'd responded by offering her a job, but not before doing a thorough background check on her.

"I might have someone in mind. Unfortunately," she said.

He watched as the director went inside, using a code that even he didn't know, and locked the door behind her.

Suddenly, he realized that he was tired. That he was lonely, and he wanted his old life back. It was time for him to quit feeling sorry for himself and move forward.

Two days later

Jules: I'm back.

Daisy: Better?

Jules: Getting there.

Daisy: I missed you. Did you meet someone?

Jules: Would it have mattered if I had?

Daisy: Yes, and it only took a week of not talking being able to you everyday to realize it.

Sebastian's fingers froze over the keyboard. It was time to end the charade. He was in too deep and was dragging her after him. But the place he was in right now, the place he'd most likely forever be, was no place for her. He had to end things. Make up an excuse, tell her that he had in fact met someone, or lie, like he'd been doing all along.

Only he couldn't, because he loved Daisy.

But he wasn't all sorted out, yet.

Jules: Give me time, darling, and I'll be all yours.

Daisy: My time belongs to you.

Oh yeah, he was done for, and completely confident he could find a way to reveal the truth to her and make their virtual relationship a reality.

Chapter Six

One month later

Sebastian sat at his desk, going over the fine print of the Xeron-Chang Contract, when Liam walked in his office.

"You're fired," Liam said, crossing his arms over his chest. "Happy now?"

Actually, Sebastian thought he'd be elated at the outcome, but he felt as though someone had punched him in the gut and the groin. Simultaneously.

Fact: He had planned for this, by making shady deals with even shadier characters on project guaranteed to lose money.

Fact: He'd wanted this to happen. The total embarrassment of his father had been his ultimate goal.

Fact: His father had been killed, most likely murdered, so that goal was no longer attainable.

Result: Well, Liam had given it to him.

None of that signified, however. He could repair the damage, and convince the right people to see thing his way once more. "I can't be fired," Sebastian said, glancing at the paper in his hand.

"Sebastian."

He forced himself to look at the man standing to his right. "Yes?"

Liam stared at him, worry and concern shining in his dark eyes. "You've been voted out. Five ayes, one no, and an abstain."

The voice of his dead father slithered inside his head. You are nothing without me. You are nothing without Romanov Industries. I made you.

Steeling himself, he cleared his throat. "I assume you were the abstain?"

"Actually, I voted aye." Liam's dark brows drew together. "You really can't expect me to let you continue down this path of self-destruction. You can't punish everyone else for your father's crimes."

So Liam knew. "Shall I collect my things and be off?"

Liam held up a hand. "I made a motion that you be allowed stay on, and the Board agreed." He canted his head to one side. "In a completely limited role, of course, as a consultant and point man for the-"

"How magnanimous," he couldn't help but saying.

"It's very magnanimous, you pompous ass," Liam snapped. "I put my reputation on the line for you." Shoving his hands into his pockets, his best friend began to pace the room. "They think you're a loose cannon, like your father, in regards to your personal life, and this little 'Oh I'm back and will be so very good, sir' act is just that to them-an act. No one trusts you."

Not even you, Liam? he wanted to ask, but he didn't want to know the answer. "What do you propose?"

"You could actually start properly dating a woman, perhaps let it lead to an engagement, sort out things with your brother-"

"You want me to lie?"

Liam stopped in front of Sebastian's desk, placing his hands on the top and leaning forward. "Don't pretend to have grown a conscience in the past two minutes."

Sebastian shot to his feet, getting right in his best mate's face. "I am not Vladimir Romanov, and you, of all people, should know that," he growled. He slammed his fist against the desk, but the only reaction he got out of Liam was a mocking smile.

Sebastian's phone buzzed, but he didn't answer it.

Liam's gaze went right to where Sebastian's phone set on his desk, and that mocking smile turned into a smirk. "Oh, what a tangled web we-"

"Shut it," he muttered, straightening. He smoothed back his hair and readjusted his tie.

Palms up, Liam stepped back. "Seriously, get back together with Kate. Hell, fill her in on the entire scheme. Make it look like you give a damn about anything and anyone who isn't you. Make them think you want this job. Be the exact opposite of your father and make your family want to be around you."

Sebastian wanted to defend himself, and say that he wasn't a cold bastard like his father, but since his father's death, he had actually become one. Most of his friends, like Liam, had overlooked it for the most part, since he'd seen the light. He owed them his gratitude, and an apology.

"I'd rather try to repair things with Christian than re-open an old wound with Kate," he said, already deciding he would leave right after work and board the company jet to fly to the States, to the very town where the woman he adored from afar lived and waited on him. No, not him. Jules.

Liam nodded. "There's the Sebastian I know."

"Too bad my family doesn't know him." Sebastian smiled wryly.

"You're not a bad man, Sebastian, to those of us that know you.

"Don't you think my family-my twin brother of all people-should know that?"

"You've only let them see glimpses of the real you," Liam reminded him.

Sebastian raised his brows. "Ah, but did they bother looking?"

*** *** ***

Plopping down in her office chair, Daisy tossed the certified letter she'd just received onto her desk. "Stupid insurance company."

Dealing with them was going to be the death of her, and she only had a month to decide whether or not to go through with arbitration.

Yeah, because money was suddenly going to start growing on trees and she could just go outside and pluck off a few hundred grand to pay for everything.

Her lawyer had been the one to recommended arbitration and to get it over with as soon as possible.

She pushed the letters from the insurance company and her lawyer to the side and frowned. It seemed like every time she thought she was free, something else rose up to bite her on the rear.

It had turned out that the final six months of her mother's life spent at the best hospice insurance could buy hadn't been covered after all. A clerical error was to blame, and now she-once again-had to pay up.

What was she going to do?

All of her money was in her business and she had just hired some part-time help that would start as soon The Sweet Spot was up and running in its new location.

She and Isabella had decided to join forces and open a bakery/bookstore in the town. Unfortunately, the only building they could afford to rent was in the middle of major renovations. On the bright side, they'd signed a lease in time for the renovations to include a state-of-the-art workspace for Daisy.

Every time she saw the design, she wanted to swoon and tell Jules, but she hadn't yet. She had wanted to surprise him with her new adventure into expanding her business.

Only now she wanted to go back and not agree to anything at all, which made her the worst business partner and best friend on earth.

Isabella swept into her office.

And there was the best business partner and best friend on earth, Daisy thought glumly.

Dressed in dark jeans and a lime green sweater, Bella radiated happiness as she brushed a strand of caramel-colored hair behind her ear. "Hi-oh, no. Did Glen text you again?"

A little laugh escaped Daisy. "Not since the last one, where he said he'd changed his mind and was really in love with Nina now and not Gina. Gosh, that man has a thing for rhyming." Every so often, she would get a random text from Glen, saying that he missed her, that he'd been wrong and they needed to work things out. She had deleted every last one, and would then call Bella or Haven to tell them.

And Jules. She shared everything with Jules.

"Oh good. I'd hate to go all medieval on him."

Daisy rolled her eyes. "What happened to turn the other cheek, preacher's daughter?" Although she wanted to thank God Isabella didn't have a clue what was going on. Not exactly the best business move, but what could Daisy tell her that wouldn't send her best friend into a panic?

"I'm going for the smite thy best friend's no good, rat bastard of an ex-boyfriend that keeps bothering her with texts months after the break-up type of thing. After all, that's exactly what Jesus would do."

A giggle escaped the confines of her mouth. Rising to her feet, Daisy walked around her desk and gave Isabella a hug. "I'm fine. Want a taste of the menu I've made for Christian and Zoe?"

The unmistakable sound of a hammer being wielded made Daisy and her best friend wince. Maybe she had moved in too soon. Renovations on the historic building seemed to be taking forever, mostly because almost everything the owner did had to be approved by the town's historical society. The plans alone had taken almost a year. Thank God for their General Contractor.

"Only four more weeks of construction, D, four more weeks," Isabella said.

"At least they leave by six PM."

"You're a sweetheart for putting up with it." Isabelle picked up a bite-sized cucumber sandwich and popped it in her mouth. "I could eat this entire plate." She reached for another one, but Daisy smacked her hand.

"I said a taste, you glutton." Daisy took the plate and placed it back in the fridge, then turned to face her friend. "What brings you by?"

"Can you keep a secret?" Isabella asked, tawny eyes shining. "Peter and I are going to elope this weekend instead of waiting until October to get married. I hope you're not mad. I mean, you are-were-supposed to be my maid of honor and all. Haven's not speaking to me over this, but I hope you won't take it so hard."

Having that honor taken away was the last thing that concerned Daisy. She had a really bad feeling about this, but it wouldn't do any good to share that with Isabella. Daisy knew without a doubt she wouldn't be able to change her stubborn best friend's mind.

"Haven is Haven. She'll be back to her old self soon. As for me-I'm excited for you." She smiled at her best friend. "When y'all come back, I'll throw you the biggest party Holland Springs has ever seen."

Laughing, Isabella raced around the island and gave Daisy a tight hug, then released her. "That's sweet, but we all know that our resident movie star's wedding is going to blow all our minds."

Thinking about what the wedding planner had shared with her, Daisy nodded. "Fireworks and one of the big name pop acts and that's only for the rehearsal dinner. The ceremony itself will be insanely over-the-top."

"You'll be famous, once all those celebrities taste your amazing food." Isabella tilted her head to one side, studying Daisy until she flushed. "Anything I can do to help you with the insurance stuff?"

Eyes rounding, Daisy said, "Who told you?"

"Please." Isabella waved a hand in the air. "That stupid letter has been on your desk for days, and you drove all the way to Wilson last week. On a Thursday-that's restocking day and you never veer from schedule."

Exhaling, the tightness in her chest eased a little. "My lawyer is confident we can work something out that's manageable for me."

"I'm sure catering the Wedding of the Century doesn't hurt things either."

Well, it wouldn't not hurt things. "Exactly. Now if you'll excuse me, Mrs. Peter H. Mitchell-to-be, I have celebrity clients to impress." Daisy glanced at the clock on her oven. "Unusually late clients. Christian and Zoe are always on time. Maybe I should text-"

Her phone vibrated and Isabella snagged it from the island, then handed it to her with a wink. "Must have known you were talking about her."

Zoe: Unexpected visitor. We'll be thirty minutes late.  Is that okay?

Daisy: See you in thirty.  Or we can reschedule. I'm flexible.

Well, this week Daisy was, because she didn't have any clients scheduled. In fact, she had lightened her workload considerably since she'd agreed to go into business with Isabella. Something that now made her panic.

Zoe: We'll be there in thirty. Thank you. Xo

"Late, right?" Isabella got a paper plate from one of the cabinets and loaded it up. "This will make a great lunch."

"Nature of the beast." Realizing what she was implying, Daisy hastily added, "Not that Zoe's a bridezilla. She's the exact opposite. Aunt Leah, however..."

"No need to explain, I've been a passenger on that crazy train before," Isabella said around a sandwich as she headed to the door. "Best thing ever when Zoe and my brother decided not to get married. Although, I wouldn't have minded having Zoe as my sister-in-law, but her mom..."

"Aunt Leah's not all bad," Daisy protested weakly, but she knew the truth. The woman was exacting, demanding, and opinionated. Something Daisy had a hard time stomaching. However, Aunt Leah had been Daisy's mother's best friend growing up and had married Daisy's uncle. Family had to stick with family. "She's...herself."

"And so are you, which she should be thankful for. Wish me luck and say hello to Jules for me."

"I will. Good luck!" Furrowing her brows, Daisy filled up a glass pitcher with ice and water, and then set it on the island. "Wait, what for?"

"Peter and I are heading to his grandparents' place up in Martha's Vineyard for an engagement party. Supposedly, the President has been invited," she said, clearly teasing. Peter and Isabella had been engaged for three months. His family owned a national baseball team, not to mention the ears of politicians.

Daisy grinned. She liked Peter, for the most part. His twenty-two-year-old widowed stepmother, not so much. That tart was always giving Peter looks, and sometimes, she thought Peter gave them right back. It was a sore subject for Isabella, so Daisy and Haven had agreed to stop bringing it up and instead concentrate on being happy for their best friend.

"Look at you, Miss High Society. Sure you'll be able to mingle with the commoners when you get back?" she asked, wiggling her brows.

"Whatever. See you in a few days." Isabella blew her a kiss. "Are we still on for dinner, before the silent auction?"

"Yep."

After Isabella left, Daisy moved to her desk again and sat down. Her email notification pinged and she enlarged the tab.

Grin transforming into a full on smile, she opened the email from her Englishman.

Daisy,

I won't be able to place my usual order. I'm out of town on business. Actually, it's family stuff. Bloody, boring family business stuff. I hope to have all this behind me within the next two weeks, so that you and I can concentrate on other things.

How are things with you? Everything sorted with your mother's latest bill, yet? Sure I can't order ONE BILLION CUPCAKES to solve all of your problems, and then we can run off together into the sunset?

Yours,

Jules

She grabbed her phone and began to text him.

Daisy: I don't think they make enough sunscreen to protect our skin if we did that. ;)

Jules: Har, har. Sorry about the lack of order this week and the next.

Daisy: You think I only talk to you for your business?

Jules: Sometimes. ;)

Daisy: Fine, then in order for me to continue talking to you, you have to order ONE BILLION of them.

Jules: I really could, you know.

Daisy: You and Dr. Evil.

Jules: A fair comparison. Can you see my pinky finger held just so? Perhaps I'll get my mini-me to take a selfie.

Daisy: Are we really ready for pictures? Gosh, after nine months, we might be moving too quickly. ;)

She was halfway joking. In all this time, she'd never seen him, not even on Facebook. Not that that was odd. Most guys she knew didn't have an account, or either used it sparingly. Heck she barely had time for her personal page and devoted most of her time to The Sweet Spot's page.

Jules: It wouldn't do my or your imagination justice. I already know you're a glorious creature.

She twisted her lips. He'd totally sidestepped that one.

Daisy: Ha! Flatterer. Send me your celebrity look-alike instead. Then I'll send you mine.

For a few minutes, Jules didn't reply and she wondered if she'd said something wrong. Maybe he didn't like being compared to a guy with a really bad past. Or-

Jules: How about him?

She opened the attachment and laughed.

Daisy: You're hilarious. I can't be lusting after my cousin's husband.

Jules: What about his twin brother? She's not married to him, is she?

Daisy: Seriously? His twin brother's nice looking enough, I guess.

Jules: Which means you think he's handsome.

Daisy: Does not!

Jules: Daisy.

Daisy: Okay, so I find him, and not his twin brother, who's married to my cousin, attractive. Sue me. I swear, Jules, if you ever tell anyone, I'll strangle you through the screen.

Jules: Just attractive? Be honest.

Daisy: Fine. I think he's hot. Happy?

Jules: You have no idea. Where's my picture?

Daisy: I don't think I look like anyone famous...

Jules: If pictures make you uncomfortable, that's okay. I can wait.

Daisy: You're sweet, and yes, I'd rather wait. What if what we look like doesn't do it for each other?

Jules: What if they did?

Daisy: I'm a chicken. Anyway, I'm sorry that you have bloody boring family business stuff. Sure I can't send some cupcakes to where you'll be going?

Jules: Like I said, I can wait. And I'm positive. But seriously, Daisy, is there anything that can be done?

Daisy: Don't worry. It will all work out for the best.

After typing out their goodbyes, she leaned back in her office chair. The smile evaporated from her face as she closed her eyes.

"What am I going to do?" she whispered.

Chapter Seven

"Consider hiring a butler," Sebastian said as he stepped inside his twin's home and followed Christian down the hall. "I had to wait an inordinate amount of time for you to answer the door."

His brother stopped mid-stride and turned to face him. "Do you actually mean the things that come out of your mouth?"

He didn't in fact, but a lifetime of habits was hard to break. A lifetime of being on the defensive and striking first lay like a minefield between Sebastian and his goal.

At the moment, his goal was to be reinstated as President so life could resume as normal, with work that defined who he was. Or so he reminded himself before he had boarded one of Romanov Industries jets last night. Again, during his brief stay in New York City while he drank alone and stared out at the skyline, wishing he had Daisy with him, sharing the view. And yet again on the limo ride over and then a fourth time before knocking on his brother's front door and waiting.

Affecting a bored tone, he said, "Merely trying to help."

"Next time, try starting out with, 'Hullo, Christian.' or 'A'right mate?' Things of that nature." Christian moved to the living room and sat down. "You know, but for the occasional text, I haven't heard from you since our father's timely death. Thought you'd forgotten about me."

Never. Despite Vladimir's best effort to teach Sebastian that he ought not miss Christian, or to even think about his twin. Their father was truly the most evil man to have roamed the planet.

"Missed me, have you?" Sebastian asked, glancing around. The room was quite cozy and warm, with pictures of family members everywhere. Surprisingly enough, several included him, though they weren't recent. In fact, they were of when he and Christian had been little, two or three years old at the most.

"Like a toothache," his brother said in a cheerful tone that set Sebastian's teeth on edge.

Sebastian wandered to the fireplace, picked up a pirate-themed PEZ dispenser, and examined it. How long would his brother go on collecting these? With a shake of his head, he replaced the candy dispenser.

"See anything you like?"

"Only if I were eight and female." Oh, that was bleeding brilliant. Here to make nice and he not only complained about time frames, but insults his brother's wife in the process.

Sebastian thrust his hands into his coat pockets and palmed the gift he'd brought for Christian in one of them. He really should apologize to his brother.

As he was about to do just that, Christian shot him two fingers. "Sod off, Sebastian."

"Wit at its finest," he snapped, falling into their normal routine of bickering. "You are bloody brilliant."

Christian tapped his fingers on his thigh, a sign he was irritated as hell. "Why are you here?"

Sebastian smirked. Some things, like irritating one's little brother, actually came naturally to him. "Wanted to make sure the in-laws hadn't carted you off to the middle of nowhere and left you for dead...y'all."

"You sound like a blithering idiot."

"I was pretending to be you," Sebastian murmured. Casually, he placed an arm on the mantle and leaned against it, letting the Pez dispenser slide off his palm and onto the mantle.

"English, successful, handsome, and adored by millions? Don't kid yourself, because right now you're batting one for four," Christian shot back, sounding more American than ever. "I've read the London papers. The Board voted you out as President, because of-and I quote-your unpredictable behavior and unsettling financial schemes were making shareholders nervous. So you're here to make nice with me, look like a bloke who wants to sort out things with his family, all the while hoping the Board votes you back in. Predictable."

"Are you suggesting I be more like you? Perhaps a quickie Vegas wedding to make them forget my unpredictable behavior and unsettling financial schemes?" Sebastian mocked.

"Couldn't hurt."

Sebastian rubbed his chin. "Have you anyone in mind? Liam suggested Kate, but we all know that's not going to happen. Ever," he said. "Maybe a relative of your wife's is in desperate financial trouble." Give me the excuse I need, he silently commanded, though I don't deserve it.

"Holy shit!" His brother's pale blue eyes widened. "You're serious?"

"Quite." He wouldn't be here if he weren't.

"You're mad."

Before he could reply, his brother's wife, Zoe, rushed into the room. Coins jingled on the hem of her skirt. "I'm ready to go." Brows furrowing, she glanced from Christian to Sebastian, then back at Christian again. "Ah..."

"Can't tell us apart, love?" Christian asked as he rose to his feet and crossed the room, pressing a kiss to her cheek. "I'm wounded."

"Poor thing." She stood on tiptoe and kissed him back.

Feeling a bit awkward standing there, Sebastian adjusted his cufflinks. Though truth be told, he was massively happy for his brother.

After being the black sheep of the family for as long as their father was alive, Christian deserved someone who loved him unconditionally. Something Sebastian had failed to do. Weren't brothers supposed to support each other? He hadn't a clue, because once their mother left, Vladimir did everything in his power to pit Christian and Sebastian against each other. Successfully.

It was, in Sebastian's opinion, shameful.

Another woman walked in the room, dressed the opposite of his brother's wife in a conservative dress with sensible heels.

"Oh my word, Christian, you didn't tell us that your brother was visiting." She smiled and held out her hand, palm dropping. "Leah Ambrose, mother of the bride."

Staring at the woman, he raised his brows. "Charmed."

"Oh, I'm so sorry." Leah let her hand fall and curtsied. "I'm Leah Ambrose, mother of the bride, Your Grace."

"Stand up, Momma." Zoe rushed forward and tugged on her mother's arm. "He's a 'my lord', not a 'Your Grace', and you don't have to curtsy."

His sister-in-law was correct, of course. Earl's were never addressed as Your Grace. Sebastian wished he were never addressed that way at all, and not because the newness of being an earl hadn't worn off. The whole damn title was tainted, because of his father's unstoppable greed.

"Thought it was a lovely 'Welcome to America' gesture," Sebastian said, shifting his weight to one side. "Better than the one I received earlier."

Christian made a face.

"Did you say mother of the bride?" Sebastian asked, fully realizing what Leah had said.

Leah moved to Christian, patting his shoulder and flashing a proud smile. "My son-in-law is giving my daughter the wedding she deserves. Finally."

"Momma," Zoe said with an edge to her voice.

"All I'm saying-"

"Stop saying anything."

"Is that the way to talk to your mother in front of royalty?"

Zoe groaned, covering her eyes with a hand and peering through the slits between her fingers. "He's not royalty."

It had to be a trick of the light, because his brother practically had help me written all over his face and his eyes were pleading for Sebastian to do the rescuing.

"I assume my lack of invitation was an oversight." Sebastian plucked an imaginary bit of lint off his coat sleeve as the two women quit arguing.

"Well, you know what they say about assumptions," Christian said.

Sebastian's heart sank a little, not that he should really care about a stupid piece of stationary, but he did. Enormously. "I see."

His mother-in-law gasped. "You are certainly invited to their wedding," she cried, placing a dramatic hand on her chest.

At least Zoe's mother seemed to be on his side. "I don't need an invitation, Mrs. Ambrose."

"Call me Leah."

"Leah, I'd consider it an honor to assist in any capacity." He sliced his gaze at Christian, whose help-me face had given way to what-the-hell-are-you-about face. "But I'd like to propose something along the lines of best man."

"You can shove your proposition up your arse," Christian growled. "Sit in the audience, on my side, if you like, but I'll be damned if you make a mockery of-"

"I'll donate five million pounds to your Back to School organization. Surely there are loads of unfortunates around the world that could use B.T.S's services."

"You can't buy your way into being the best man," Zoe said, her disdain apparent.

"The hell he can't." Christian strode to him and thrust out his hand. "Welcome aboard, best man." A mischievous gleam entered his brother's eyes as they shook hands. "As such, it's your job to take care of the things I don't have the inclination to endure, like the menu for the reception."

"Seriously, Christian?" Zoe crossed her arms. "That's so not funny."

"You were my favorite son-in-law," Leah said, adopting the same pose.

"I'm your only one."

"For God's sake, hire a French chef and be done with it." There. That should help.

Two pairs of eyes glared at Sebastian, one green and the other blue. "I'm not firing Daisy Barnes," his sister-in-law said.

"Daisy the baker, owns The Sweet Spot?" he asked, the words slipping out before he could stop them. The trio blinked at him. "Makes dreadful cupcakes." When lightening didn't strike him for that very awful lie, he relaxed a little.

"Actually, it's Daisy the caterer." A speculative look entered his brother's eyes. "When did you sample her cupcakes?"

Sebastian's memories of his only two face-to-face meetings with Daisy washed over him, drowning him in her taste and scent. He cleared his throat. "Last year, at Christmas time. Anything else?"

Christian grunted, completely and transparently unconvinced.

"I agree with my daughter, especially with the latest round of insurance bills that girl has to pay." Leah patted her hair and smoothed out her wrinkle-free dress. "Bless her heart-I don't know how she'll manage to keep the business Kaye started. Stubborn little thing won't take any money to help."

"Anyway, the two of you," Zoe pointed to him and Christian, "can discuss other things while we're gone. We're supposed to be at her place in fifteen minutes."

A plan unfolded in his mind. Maybe he could help out Daisy with her insurance bills and she could help him out in return by posing as his fiancee while he worked out how best to tell her who he was. "Actually, I'll take care of it."

Christian stopped him in the hallway, while the women were chatting about bridesmaids' dresses. "What's in that head of yours?"

"What do you think?"

His brother's jaw clenched. "Daisy's family. You can't just go in there and proposition her. She won't take your offer anyway. Zoe and I tried to give her money, but she wouldn't take it. Daisy actually thinks she'll find a way out."

That's because Daisy had pride and determination. Only Jules knew her weaknesses. Only Jules knew she was actually worried. He could read through her texts and emails.

Sebastian adjusted his cufflinks, bowing his head a little so his brother couldn't read his face and discover all his secrets. Christian had a knack for that. "She's not my family. As for the other-I can and I shall." Then he brushed past his brother, headed out the door, and got into the waiting limo.

Chapter Eight

Nothing could have prepared Daisy for the sight of him walking into her office. She blinked a couple of time to make sure she wasn't seeing things, or wishing that it were him and not his brother.

"Sebastian?" Her heart thankfully waited until after she said his name to leap in her throat. He was here! He was back!

His chin ticked up as he drawled, "I'm here to sample the menu in lieu of the bride and groom, and make sure it's up to their standards."

He was a jerk! Her heart tumbled back to her chest, and then further to her toes. "Don't get too excited," she said with a little twist to her lips.

Pale blue eyes narrowed. "There's nothing exciting about food."

"Obviously, you've been eating the wrong food."

"Doubtful." He unbuttoned his coat slowly, one dark button at a time. The very non-sexual act made her hot all over. Wearing a dark grey three-piece suit with a black shirt and tie underneath, there wasn't a strand of short blond hair out of place. "Take care of this, will you?"

An annoyed-as-hell simmer replaced the hot flash. What was wrong with him and what was wrong with her? The last time they'd been in the same room, things had been easy. They'd been sweet and vulnerable. Now all she wanted to do was kick him.

"You can hang it there." She pointed at the coat rack hanging on the wall behind him. "Sorry, it's the servants' day off, Your Majesty."

"Yanks and their obsession with royalty," he complained as he hung up his coat and strode back to her. "Fifteen minutes ago, the bride's mother curtsied and addressed me as 'Your Grace'."

"Is that supposed to impress me, Your Lordship?" she snapped. Horrified at her tone, she turned around and faced the window. Normally, she wasn't this snappy, mean, or downright ugly. Sure, she liked to tease and had teased him before, but now she sounded like a harpy and he sounded like a jerk.

His footsteps echoed lightly as he walked around her apartment. "Most people would be entirely impressed," he said, his voice in her ear and she shivered. "But not you. And that impresses me."

Daisy didn't want to impress him. She wanted the other Sebastian back, the one she'd met at Christmas. Lifting her chin, she whirled around.

Eyes the color of a winter sky threaded with drops of blue greeted her. His face was handsome as ever. Hollywood to die for handsome with sexy, full lips that made a woman sigh. Those perfectly sexy lips had made her sigh the first time he had come into her place and eaten cupcakes. Well, actually it had been the kiss he'd given her that had made her sigh.

Heat crept up her neck and she forced her thoughts back to business. "Are you ready to sample the menu?" she asked.

"In a moment." Stepping back, he glanced around her office/bakery/apartment. "Do you live here?"

"Yes." The studio apartment had been a godsend when she had to sell the house she'd grown up in last year. The kitchen could be bigger, but it suited her needs for the time being. "Until the renovations downstairs are finished, I conduct business and cook in my apartment."

He glanced up at the ceiling. "Nice lighting." Four skylights broke up the monotony of the very white drywall. "Very nice lighting." He nodded at the queen-sized bed along the far wall. "Shall I sit there and let you serve me?"

An image formed in her mind. One of her walking across the hardwood floors with a tray of desserts. Only when she reached him and offered her goodies, he threw the tray across the room and tackled her to the bed.

Oh my mercy. She had to stop. "So...." She scooted around him and moved to the island in her kitchen. "What do you want to sample first?"

He didn't answer her. Instead he circled her desk, reminding her of a Great White she'd seen on Shark Week. "Is this the final bill?"

Her mouth fell open as he picked up the letters from the insurance company and her lawyer. "That's none of your business."

"Give me a minute." He read over the documents and then set them down. "Your lawyer's wrong."

"And you got your law degree where?"

"Don't have to be a solicitor to know this won't be in your favor, love," he said casually, as if he called women love all the time. As he'd called her in the past. "The business will have to be sold. Insurance companies don't work for free."

Bristling at his know-it-all attitude, she picked up a sponge and began cleaning the already spotless countertop of the island. "I didn't say they did."

Joining her, he selected a shrimp and avocado roll and ate it. "From which culinary school did you learn your craft?"

"I don't need a fancy diploma to know what tastes good." Shaking her head, she took a deep breath and tossed the sponge back into the sink.

She'd walked right into that one. Before her mother had succumbed to stomach cancer, Daisy had dreamed of going to culinary school. But money had been tight and being an only child, she couldn't just leave her mother, not even with all the help and support she'd received from her dad's side of the family.

"Of course you don't."

Instead of responding, she popped an avocado roll in her mouth and chewed until even the rice was pulverized. He snagged another piece of sushi, and then another, finishing off her lunch.

Now what was she supposed to eat? Now what was she supposed to say? Everything both of them said came out wrong. Well, at least for her it came out wrong. Who knew what he thought.

Crossing her arms, she frowned while he just looked at her.

And looked.

Sebastian was gobsmacked.

There was no other explanation for why he'd stood for so long in the entrance of Daisy's apartment, simply drinking her in and saying nothing at all.

It was why he still stared at her.

"Are you okay?" she asked, petal-pink lips moving in the most fascinating of ways.

Do you have any inkling at all who you are to me? Do you know I'm dying inside to touch you, to kiss you, and to assure you I'll do everything in my power to make sure you never have to sell anything ever again just to get by? He wanted to say all of that, and much more, but he couldn't, else he'd forfeit his right to ever talk to her again, even as Jules.

His gaze settled on her hair and he blinked. "What happened to the bright orange?" And why hadn't she told Jules? Perhaps it was because he was a man, he reminded himself.

"Got tired of it," she said with a smile, and then her smile turned into a grin. "You didn't recognize me, huh? That's why you stood there with your mouth hanging open."

Damn, he'd become rather fond of the orange. He'd dreamed of her with orange hair. Of it sliding over his skin as she kissed him. "You fancy this color better?"

Tentatively, she brushed a strand of hair behind a delicate ear. It reminded him of a seashell, perfectly formed. Although, he had never wanted to nibble on seashells. "This is my real color, well mostly."

"Mostly?"

"At the bottom, it's all different colors," she said, her hazel eyes never leaving his. There was a connection between them, she had to feel it. He felt it; it had never left. "Pink, purple, green, and blue, but I'm a brunette."

And how gorgeous you are, no matter the color.

"Darling," he began without thinking.

"My name is Daisy," she said, firmly. "Use it."

"Of course, I apologize," he murmured, his arms aching to hold her.

She gave him an odd look, and he wanted to leave. He was acting like a bumbling, bemused boy.

"Well, now that we got my change in hair color out of the way, would you like to try what I fixed for Zoe and Christian?"

"Of course," he said, following her to the island in the middle of her kitchen.

She made him a plate, placing bits of this and that on it.

He ate without speaking. The fact that he was in her presence was enough for him. Well, almost. He was a man after all, and he wanted her. He wanted to touch and kiss her, but he couldn't walk into her apartment and say that, now could he?

"Everyone around here loves chicken salad, and the fruit compote-it's my great aunt Pearl's recipe," she said, describing the food. God, he missed her voice. It sounded as pleasing as ever. She stopped talking and looked at him expectantly.

Nod, he told his head. Fortunately, it listened.

"You haven't been listening to a thing I said, have you?" She poured a glass of water for him.

"Not really," he admitted, taking a quick sip. He was parched, he realized. Most likely from nerves. Oh, if his mates could see him now. Anxious over a woman who barely knew he existed in the world.

Her eyes widened, and her cheeks pinkened. "Oh, okay. Um, so what did you think?"

"Honestly?"

"Yes."

"This menu seems a tad boring. You'll need to dazzle the guests at my brother's wedding."

"So you don't like anything?" she asked, staring at him in obvious disbelief.

Oh God, he'd hurt her feelings. He'd rather slit his own throat than hurt her. "Well, I-"

She pasted on a smile, much like the one she'd given him before. "Zoe said she wanted traditional southern, and that's what I made, but if you think the people who come won't like it, then I can try something different."

Ah, hell. There had to be a way he could fix this. He glimpsed a plate of sweets and his mouth began to water. "The cupcakes with the light brown icing look promising," he said, trying to repair the damage.

Wordlessly, she slid the plate in front of him.

He picked up a cupcake and bit into it. Salty and sweet with a hint of savory hit his tongue, and he nearly moaned his appreciation. Sublime. Her cupcakes were sublime in every way. So was she.

"Look, you can't expect to impress people with such simple fare, though if you fed them these, they'd fall at your feet and worship you." He blinked at the expression on her face. "What did I say wrong now?"

"Are you kidding me?" Her nose had scrunched up on one side and her brows had crashed together. "I think it's time for you to leave, and please tell Zoe to come in person next time."

"No," he said around the last bite, and then wiped his hand on a cloth napkin decorated with green and silver squares. He might as well make a go of it, even knowing he had less of chance with her than with the Board. At least they were willing to reconsider restoring his position as President.

She crossed her arms over her chest. "Excuse me?"

"I have a proposition for you."

"If it involves you taking a really long walk off a really short pier into shark-infested waters, count me in," she said sweetly.

He fought back a grin. "Bloodthirsty little American."

"Ever consider it's people like you that made us bloodthirsty?"

"Hardly." He brushed an errant crumb off a cuff link. "People adore me." Well, people who weren't his brother, his cousin, his mother...or her, apparently. Actually, she adored him when he was conversing with her as Jules.

Jaw working, she looked nearly ready to bludgeon him to death. "You're demented."

"Possibly, and in light of what I'm about to propose, certifiably." Taking another drink of water, he looked straight into Daisy's eyes. "I'll pay off your insurance bill if you agree to pretend to be my fiancee for a period of no longer than three months. Then we shall part as friends, with goals met."

It was perfect, really. He could have the best of both worlds this way, until he found a way to tell her the truth.

Hazel eyes rounded. "Who told you about the bills in the first place? You didn't seem that shocked when you read the letter."

"Your Aunt Leah, of course," he said, grateful the chatty woman had provided him with an airtight alibi.

Daisy crossed her arms over her chest. "Of course she did," she grumbled.

"Think about it: all you'd have to do is pose as my fiancee for three months, and in return I'll pay off your insurance bills."

"What do you get out of it?"

You, he thought, I get to spend time with you. "My position as President of Romanov Industries. I'm here to make nice with the brother, acquire a fiancee, etcetera, so they will vote me back in. I won't bore you with the details."

Rounded eyes narrowed. "Try anyway."

Clever girl. One should always know the specifics, and as he recalled that blustery winter day where she made him promise not to do anything to hurt Rose, she always wanted specifics. "My vice president, Liam Stewart, suggested fabricating a relationship to make me look more...stable. Quite Machiavellian of him, yes?"

"I guess." She shrugged. "But why?"

Because he'd become reckless after his father's death by making shady deals with shady people, acting out of character in his personal life by making it public fodder, and worst of all, had for a brief period set out to destroy Romanov Industries from the inside. And he hadn't told anyone, not even the person that meant the most to him.

So much for the very untouchable golden child of Vladimir Romanov.

"I haven't been myself for a while, and it wasn't good for Romanov's bottom line. We have shareholders to answer to, you know. So, I'm out, until I've proven myself to be different or rather the same.

"Whatever. Sometimes, I'm not sure who they want me to be. Hell, I'm not sure who I want to be," he added in a murmur, gazing off into the distance.

She stroked the sleeve of his suit jacket, bringing his attention back to her. "Bless your heart. I'm sorry about your dad, by the way. Zoe said he'd died in a boating accident a few months ago."

Her softly spoken words touched him while at the same time made him feel vulnerable. Without a computer or phone between them, he was awkward, something he'd never been in his life. He shifted his weight from one leg to the other. "Anyway, that's what the Board wants, so that's what they'll get."

"So I'm a means to an end," she said softly.

No, you are so much more. "As am I. This is mutually beneficial, lo-er Daisy. I need your help with this bloody family business, so be quick about it. I have appointments to keep."

Chapter Nine

God, were all British men like him? Daisy thought. Arrogant one minute-nervous the next.

No, not all of them, she reminded herself. Jules was charming and funny...and nice. Christian and his cousin, Alexander, were both devoted to their wives, and actually carried on conversations without insults.

So it couldn't be a family trait.

It had to be because Sebastian had lost his ever-loving mind. Sure she felt bad for him, because he was obviously still suffering over losing his dad in a horrible explosion. She'd felt that way when her momma had died, but at least she had her family and friends to help her get through it.

Still... fake engagement, and she should hurry up, because he had an appointment? She had no idea if this was the way he normally conducted business, but if it were, no wonder the Board voted him out.

"Time's a-wasting," he said..

"Go sodder yourself, Your Royal Pain in my Buttliness," Daisy snapped.

"It's bugger. Impossible to do to oneself, by the way, but I'd be happy to demonstrate the technique on you," he said in his English accent that simultaneously annoyed and made her knees weak.

"Part of your fake fiancee package deal?"

His chin dropped and his eyes grew dark. "If you wish."

"I don't wish." Liar, liar, a little voice in her head mocked. Whatever his temperament, her body sure liked him, but no matter what, she wouldn't act on it, because what kind of woman was into a man like Sebastian Romanov?

"We are agreed then." He reached for the last cupcake. "Excellent."

Making a noise that was a cross between a snort and a grunt, she transferred the food he hadn't eaten to plastic containers and stored them in her refrigerator. "I didn't say yes."

There was no way she'd say yes. Then again, maybe she should. After all, the insurance bill was hanging around her neck like an anchor, pulling her down and drowning her. However, making a deal with a man like Sebastian Romanov-aristocratic, arrogant and aggravating as all get out-was akin to dealing with the devil, but his money would solve so much.

Sighing as she closed the refrigerator door, she turned to face him and jumped. "Don't sneak up on me like that."

Tapping on his very expensive watch, he said, "I need an answer."

"Right this second?" she asked, stalling for time. She needed time to think, time to hash it out with someone who was reasonable and circumspect...and Jules. She needed to talk to Jules about it. Isabella and Haven, too. Wait, she couldn't. Bella was out of town and Haven would freak out.

"What are you so worried about?" he asked, pulling her from her thoughts. "I'm not asking you to commit a crime."

"Just fraud."

He rolled his eyes. "For God's sake, it's not fraud. It's to be paid for services rendered."

"By lying."

"It wouldn't be lying per se. For all intents and purposes, we'd actually be engaged for the duration." She opened her mouth to speak, but he held up a finger. "To sweeten the pot, I'm willing to pay any and all future insurance bills."

"If I were to agree, what would being your fiancee require?" she asked, trying to get all her ducks in a row, so when she talked to Jules, he could help her do a pros and cons list. Or tell her to run far, far away.

A confident smile kicked up the corners of his mouth, as if he already had the ring on her finger. "Not much. Be my date at events, and actually go on dates to non-business events, royal get togethers and the like. You know, the usual things couples in love would do with each other."

Royal get-togethers? Her mind swam at the possibilities while her stomach did flips. No way she'd fit in his life.

"But you're an earl and I'm not," she said faintly.

"The title isn't bestowed upon women." He grinned. "You've been keeping tabs on me."

Maybe just a little. "Um, your brother lives here and we're practically related, remember?"

"Not until you reminded me," he said with a frown. "Thank you."

What was so off-putting about being related to her? "Look, I don't think I'm what you need. You're like the twenty-first century version of Downton Abbey and I'm a generation removed from the Dukes of Hazzard."

Confusion filled his icy blue eyes. "The what and what?"

"Oh, forget it." Jules would have totally gotten her comparison, and as soon as Sebastian left, she would fire off an email to Jules about this entire conversation instead of waiting until their usual time.

Placing a hand on Sebastian's suit jacket, she tried to explain herself further. "What I'm saying is-we go together like peanut butter and-I don't know-fish sticks."

"I don't eat peanut butter." Edging closer to her, his suit jacket brushed against her br**sts. Dear God, he smelled good.

"Don't you think people will see right through us?"

His chin lowered a fraction. "I think they'll like what they see-aristocracy falling madly and completely in love with a commoner. Look at William and Catherine. The press adores them, as do members of the Board."

"What about sex?" she blurted, her cheeks heating and her hand falling away. "I mean, you don't expect sex. I mean, you're not paying me for sex. I don't have sex for money. Sex is free with me." She couldn't stop saying 'sex' and there was no one around to duct-tape her mouth shut. "But we're not a real couple, so our sex would be fake sex."

His arms came around her then.

She took a step back, hitting the cold front of the fridge. Bracing a palm along each side of her, he dipped his head. Her heart sped up until it beat so hard and fast that she had to take in great gulps of air.

"I prefer the real thing, don't you?" he asked.

"Yes," she said, her voice sounding nothing like it usually did. Her gaze fell to his lips, full and totally kissable when they weren't stretched into a thin line. In fact, right now they were parted and oh so dangerously close. Tempting. "But not with you. I mean, I don't know you," she murmured.

"You could get to know me," he said and her eyes rounded, but she didn't move.

Time seemed to stand still. His lips seemed to draw closer and his eyes became all slumberous. Heat spread through her, languorous waves that made her want to touch him, to see if he felt it too.

"I don't think that's a very good idea," she said. Her br**sts ached. They felt heavy and she wanted his hands on her. Oh God, she was a hussy. A slave to her lust, all over a man she'd only met twice before, yet wanted to jump as soon as she'd seen him. All three times.

"Then it's a very good thing I'm of the same opinion." He stood, letting his hands fall away. "I'll transfer half of the amount you require to your account within the hour. The rest will be transferred upon the ending of our engagement. Afterwards, you will notify me should more bills suddenly appear and I'll make them go away."

Make them go away? God, it must be nice to have that kind of power and freedom. "Now what do we do?" she asked, slipping past him. Her skin felt overheated. She poured herself a glass of water and drank greedily.

Tilting his head to one side, he let his eyes roam her body. Her ni**les tightened and desire pooled in her belly, spreading low between her thighs.

"We pretend to fall in love. I'll be by Wednesday for your answer, and to sample your next menu offering. Think tropical." With that, he strode to her door and grabbed his coat along the way.

"And Daisy," he asked, pausing at the door.

"Yes?"

"I would have kissed you, if you'd asked me."

She wanted to wipe away the smug smile that appeared on his face. "Guess you'll never be kissing me then, because I will never ask you."

For a moment, his smile fell. She blinked and it was back, maybe her imagination had wished it had fallen. "Never say never." Then he opened the door and left, letting the door close softly behind him.

"Oh God, oh God, oh God," she chanted, rushing to her phone. Forget emailing Jules. She had to talk to him now.

***

Sebastian glanced at his phone as it buzzed and climbed inside the limo.

Daisy: Are you there? Do you have a minute or five million?

Jules: All my time belongs to you.

Daisy: You're not a Duke or something, are you?

He grunted. Oh, he was something all right, but Jules would only answer her Duke question.

Jules: Not for at least thirty more years.

His mother's father was bound to live for at least that many years, and Vladimir had made the Duke of Everham sign a binding contract that his title and the estates would go to him upon his death. Only Vladimir was dead and Westmoreland was still kicking.

Rather poetic justice, Sebastian thought.

Daisy: Good.

Jules: Why?

The text bubble had the ... in it while she typed.

Daisy: I met someone.

Jules: Should I be jealous?

Daisy: No, kittenpartybasketbagel

He made a face. What the hell was that?

Jules: What the hell was that?

Daisy: Ugh. Autocorrect. Can I call you? It would be easier.

Oh hell no. She'd hear his voice, recognize him, accuse him of being a liar (rightly so), and never speak to him again. There was no way he could let that happen.

Jules: Sorry, darling, but I'm actually in a meeting.

His driver opened his door, and he got out, heading inside a chain restaurant on the outskirts of town. Some meeting he was having.

Daisy: OMG. I'm so sorry.

He smiled. Now that he'd heard her voice again, he could actually hear her saying the words.

Jules: No worries.

Daisy: Talk to you later?

Jules: Of course. I'll text you ASAP.

Daisy: Jules?

He sighed. Whenever she typed his name like that, she had something serious to ask or tell him.

Jules: Yes?

Daisy: I like it when you call me darling or love. Just wanted you to know.

He frowned. Yet, Sebastian wasn't allowed to call her anything but her given name. Why should he? Sebastian didn't know Daisy, not like Jules did. But he was also Jules, so he did in fact know her as well as Jules did.

"Oh good God," he muttered. He was becoming jealous of himself.

Jules: Laters, darling.

He took extreme satisfaction typing that last word out before pocketing his phone. Sebastian Romanov might be on the outs with the sexy little caterer, but Jules Westmoreland sure as hell wasn't, and he would use that to his advantage.

***

"Still no butler," Sebastian said with a frown as his brother greeted him at the door.

Christian raised his brows. "Your powers of observation are truly frightening." He gestured for Sebastian to come inside. "Now that you're back, maybe you can help me with something."

Sebastian followed his brother into the living room. "Diffusing the situation between your bride and her mother not enough?"

Turning to face Sebastian, Christian gave him a look. "You only helped, because it served your purpose."

Removing his coat, he draped it over a large, flowered chair by the fireplace and sat down. "And?"

"So don't pretend you did me any favors."

"But I did do you a favor."

His brother's mouth opened and shut. Taking a deep breath, Christian moved to stand beside the fireplace mantle. "Doing me a favor was still self-serving."

Why did it bloody matter what the purpose was or who it served? "You say that like it's a bad thing."

Christian rubbed the back of his neck. "Good to know some things don't change." He picked up the Owl Whistle Pez Dispenser and held up to the light. "Don't suppose you'd care to share how this suddenly appeared in my collection?"

"That's your predicament-magically appearing candy dispensers? How incredibly wonderful that's your only pressing problem in life." His brother peered at him, identical blue eyes growing frosty as a winter morning in St. Petersburg as Sebastian's insult hit its mark. "Truly fascinating."

An evil grin lit Christian's face. "It was you."

Indeed, but claiming ownership didn't signify in the greater scheme of things. Sebastian loosened his tie. "Any Russian Standard in your cupboard?"

"Oh no. You're not getting out of this." Christian carefully placed the dispenser back on the mantle and clapped his hands, briskly rubbing them together. "I thought Vlad had destroyed my entire collection, right after Francesca left him. Thank you for returning it to me."

Sebastian remembered the day well, though he chose to keep the memory locked away, but his damned brother had a way of making him remember all those things best left in the past.

All of twelve, Sebastian hadn't shown a lick of emotion when Lady Francesca had tearfully kissed and hugged her sons good-bye. He hadn't hugged her back, merely stood there in his Eton uniform and had told her to take an umbrella for the storm on its way.

Utter drivel he'd spouted. As for the events that had eventually followed...

"Jesus," Christian said, pulling Sebastian out of his bitter memories. "Can't you be human for once?" He slammed his fist on the mantle. Crystal fairies clinked together and Pez dispensers toppled over. "Stop pretending nothing bothers you."

"I'm not pretending." He couldn't to let anything bother him. Hell, he'd been trained from birth to be the perfect, non-temperamental golden child.

"Fuck it." Slashing his hand in the air, his brother's jaw clenched. "Are congratulations in order for you and Daisy?"

"They will be." Sebastian would fly to New York City tomorrow just for the hell of it. Just to make anyone who was tailing him think that he was shopping for jewelry. Only he didn't need to shop for a ring. He'd already purchased it, before he'd left England, with Daisy in mind.

"I can't believe you went through with it and talked her into your mad plan as well." Christian shook his head. "God help Daisy Barnes, and God help you if you hurt her."

"She's an adult, fully aware of the lack of emotions I possess." Gazing into the fireplace, he said, "It's a business transaction, nothing more."

"Good to know Vladimir Romanov's legacy lives."

"What makes you so bloody different? You married Zoe to improve your image," he snapped, without thinking. Well, that wasn't entirely true. His twin had fallen in love with Zoe and married her-in Vegas of all places.

Though they'd gotten off to a dreadful start, with Christian and Sebastian's father's interference in the marriage, his brother and Zoe had gotten through it.

And because his brother was so enamored with his wife, he was giving her a real wedding, with all the pomp and ceremony she could ever want.

Firelight and disgust highlighted Christian's face. "I should kick your arse out, but-and it pains me greatly to say it-you are more than welcome to sleep in our guest room."

It might have pained his brother to say it, but it shocked the hell out of Sebastian to hear it. "Thank you, and I apologize for my thoughtless words. It's been a rather trying few months."

His brother gave him a look, as if he had expected him to say something different, which in the past would have been the truth. Finally, he said, "I'm going to bed." Christian strode out of the room and down a hallway.

Sebastian heard a door opening, and then laughter as the door closed.

Sinking back in the chair, he crossed one leg at the ankle and rubbed the back of his neck. He supposed he could have admitted that he had given his brother the candy dispenser, but then he'd have to explain how it wasn't actually Christian's, but his-the one that hadn't been tossed out with the rubbish.

Both of them used to collect the silly dispensers, but Sebastian hadn't been the one to anger their father enough to ransack a room and throw away everything he held dear.

In any other circumstances, twins should have found solace in one another, bulwarks against the madness of Vladimir and his schemes. Unfortunately for both of them, that hadn't happened.

At least he had Romanov Industries. Or he used to have Romanov Industries.

The floor creaked and he glanced up.

His brother's wife stood in front of him, with a small smile on her face. "Thank you for giving his owl whistle back. It's the only one I hadn't been able to find."

Damn, his twin was a lucky bloke. "Something the two of you do for fun?"

"I know you care about your brother."

Perceptive woman, but he wasn't inclined to agree with her out in the open. "I'm here to make nice so I can be President of Romanov Industries."

"So you say." Zoe's eyes were dark, darker than Daisy's, but their hair color and build were nearly identical.

"How exactly are you related to Daisy Barnes? She said your dad's her uncle."

She blinked at his change in subject. "My dad and her mother are...were brother and sister. Aunt Kaye died of stomach cancer a few years back. I'm surprised you haven't done a background check on her yet."

Trust Christian to spill all Sebastian's secrets to his wife, but he couldn't really blame him. Pulling out his iPhone, he waved it at Zoe. "Waiting and ready to be read," he said dismissively, and then slipped it back in his pocket. There was no reason for a background check on a woman he already knew everything about. Besides, he wanted to be left alone at his pity-party for one. "Riveting information, I'm sure."

A thick sigh left Zoe. "Well, good night."

"Night," he said, but she didn't leave. For God's sake, what would he have to say to get her to leave him in peace? "Yes?"

"Would you have donated the money if Christian had said no?"

He already donated money to B.T.S., but no one knew and he intended for it to stay that way. "It's worthwhile organization, despite being headed by him."

"That's not an answer." Shaking her head, she sighed again. How in the hell did his brother put up with her sighs? "I hope it's worth it, in the end, when you're all alone."

"Thank you for that very heart-warming platitude." Rising to his feet, he nodded. "I'll be off to bed."

"Night," she said as he left the room.

He grabbed his overnight bag and climbed the stairs. Opening the door to the guest room, he went inside and placed his bag on the dresser, then pulled out his phone and texted Liam.

Staying at Christian's. Daisy has all but agreed.

Liam's response was swift and to the point, something Sebastian had admired about his friend for years.

Excellent news. Pictures?

Of course. Paparazzi would go mad for even a hint that he was seeing someone.

Will have to you in 15. Send to usual contacts.

By morning, the London papers would have him and Daisy linked together. Hell, he wouldn't be surprised if they weren't calling for an engagement before the weekend. Perhaps he should consider heading it off, or would it be better to play it close to the vest? Shouting his love and adoration for Daisy would be a dead giveaway of the farce, mostly due to the fact that he did not shout his love and adoration for anything.

Quickly, he made a mental list of all the events Daisy could attend as his fiancee. Taking her home with him was absolutely necessary. Maybe there, on his own turf, he could confess all to her.

Rolling his shoulders, he attempted to relieve the pent-up tension. What he wouldn't give for a round with his bodyguard, Ivan. The man didn't care in the least what title Sebastian held and tried to beat the shit out of him every time they sparred.

Tapping his fingers against his thigh, he glanced up and then at his phone, noting the time. He had several hours before he had to be back at the airport. Although, he could have left earlier and slept on his jet. Then again, he wouldn't have been photographed driving to his brother's home.

Still, the tension was driving him mad.

He canted his head side to side, rolled his shoulder again, and then gave up. Tension wasn't the worst of his problems, not by a long shot.

His phone buzzed.

Daisy: Jules, are you around? Can I call you?

Jules: No, I'm in the...

Where the hell could he be that didn't allow chatting on the phone?

Jules: the library, reading about the history on the house I bought in Cheam.

Daisy: Oh, fun! I love the library. Sure Google is easier, but there's something about holding the real thing in your hands.

He couldn't agree more. He'd rather be holding her than this phone in his hands as they talked.

Daisy: Wow. Your library is open late!

Oh hell. He'd forgotten about the time difference between them.

Jules: It's near a university-students and the like use it.

Daisy: That's nice. Okay, so you swear to keep a secret and an open mind?

Jules: Yes.

Daisy: I had a guy proposition me today, and I need your advice.

Jules: What?!

Daisy: Not like that!

Jules: What did Isabella and Haven say?

Daisy: I didn't tell them. Bella's gone out of town for the next couple of days and needs to concentrate of engagement stuff. Haven would freak out, and that's not helpful.

This ought to be interesting.

Jules: Go on.

Daisy: Funny thing...So, you know that picture you sent me of your celebrity look-alike?

He did remember, and he remembered her response as well. She thought he was hot. Him. Sebastian Romanov, and not his brother.

Daisy: Well, his twin brother showed up out of nowhere, all weird and stuck up about my hair color and my food, and then proceeded to ask me to be his fake fiancee so he can get his company back. He said he'd pay me for it.

Well, that certainly was one way of looking at their meeting.

Jules: Did you tell him to get the hell out?

Daisy: No.

Jules: Why not?

Daisy: He'll pay off my mother's insurance bills and any future bills if I do, but...

Jules: But what?

Daisy: I'd have to lie to everyone about our relationship. I don't know if I can do it. I'd feel like a prostitute or something.

Jules: Are you exchanging sex for money?

Daisy: Seriously, Jules?

Jules: Sorry, but if all this bloke wants is for you to pretend to be his fiancee and nothing more for money that would make your problems go away...honestly, I fail to see how this is a problem.

Yeah, he was a selfish bastard, but dammit, he wanted to help her. He wanted her. This was his only chance to accomplish both goals.

Daisy: So you think it's okay? You won't think less of me for agreeing? I mean, there will most likely be pictures and it might show us all lovey-dovey or something.

Jules: Yes, I do. No, I won't. And unless you're madly attracted to the bloke, I've nothing to worry about, do I?

Nothing appeared for a while, but the ... while she typed, erased, and retyped. He blinked and the fine hair on his neck stood. Was she really that attracted to him?

Daisy: Beyond his looks and body, I don't think there's anything inside of Sebastian Romanov that could keep my interest. I'd rather have you, Jules. Any day.

He supposed he should be happy that she was choosing him over him, but he wasn't. He wanted her to like him as Sebastian, too.

Jules: I was never worried.

Daisy: So what should I do to get the upper hand? He strikes me as the type who likes to be in charge of EVERYTHING.

"Oh, I do, darling," he laughed.

Jules: Maybe flirt with him a little, tease him, and stroke his ego (and only his ego).

Daisy: But that's what I do to you, or at least try to do. *blush*

His heart beat wildly in his chest. Did she now?

Jules: Did you do that to him?

Daisy: No, he was too busy ordering me to make a decision because he had more important people to see. *eye roll*

Jules: Try it, see how he responds. If it doesn't work, then we'll regroup and try a different tact so you feel comfortable.

Daisy: All right. I'll try it your way. Night, Jules.

Jules: Good night, darling.

Letting the phone fall to the bed, he scrubbed a hand over his face. He was bloody tired of this charade already and he'd been here less than a day. However, once he got back from New York, nothing would stop him from charming the hell out of Daisy Barnes.

Chapter Ten

Daisy sat outside on a wrought iron and wood bench, eating her lunch. The sun shone cheerfully in the sky and the unseasonably warm weather should have made her happy.

Key words: should have

Only Jules's advice had her all irritated. She didn't want to flirt with Sebastian, or tease him, or any of the things she did with Jules. It felt wrong, but her stupid body got all happy about it. Even her brain got in on the action last night, and made her have a dream about the arrogant earl.

He'd kissed her everywhere she'd always wanted to be kissed. He'd turned her over and made her hold on to the frame of the bed while he whispered how beautiful she was, how out of control she made him feel.

If only she'd never kissed him under the mistletoe. If only she didn't know how nice he could be when he wanted. If only she knew what to believe about him.

If, if, if.

She took a savage bite out of her defenseless sandwich, rolling her head side to side to ease the tension in her neck.

Her phone vibrated, and her heart leapt into her throat.

"Jules," she murmured as she picked it up.

I'm on my way. Be there -S

She frowned. Of course it was him and not Jules. Just her luck. Zoe must have given him her cell phone number. According to the card that had come with the huge flower bouquet he'd sent her, he'd been in New York City, conducting business.

Thanks for the heads up, Your Lordship. ~D

After replying to Sebastian, she sent a quick text to Jules. I already suck at this. One text and I've gone all harpy on him.

Jules: Everyone gets a mulligan. Try again. Remember-if you agree, then all your bills are gone.

"Stupid insurance bills," she muttered, but Jules was right. Sebastian Romanov was a gift from Heaven. Or at least his money was.

"Stupid what?"

Her eyes snapped open, mortified to find her ex, Glen, and his new girlfriend, Nina, staring at her with twin expressions of look-at-the- single-and-talking-to-herself-crazy woman.

"Nothing." She set her lunch to the side and took a drink of water, before standing and brushing off her skirt. "How are y'all doing?"

A little dog with beady eyes stuck his head out of Nina's purse and Daisy stifled a scream.

"Don't scare Jelly Belly," Nina admonished, stroking the brown rat on the head.

"Sorry I wasn't expecting that-it, er, him?"

Jelly Belly growled at Daisy.

Nina frowned. "She's a girl. Can't you see the diamond collar?"

"Oh, yeah. Sorry. Where's Cici?"

Glen wouldn't meet her eyes. "She's, um...now don't get mad."

"What did you do with my dog?"

"I gave her to my mother."

Daisy's mouth dropped open. "You what?"

Nina patted Daisy's arm. "Jelly-Belly and Cici couldn't get along, so Glen thought his mother would love the company, since she's all by herself."

I'm all by myself, Daisy wanted to shout, but didn't. Pride made her keep that thought to herself. Instead, she jerked away from Nina and fixed her eyes on Glen. "How could you do something like that, without talking to me first?"

Glen gave her a tight smile. "Well, you're welcome to go over to there and take Cici from her."

"Oh right. You want me to take some little old lady's dog from her and say what?" Daisy threw her hands in the air. There was no way she could go to Glen's mother and take Cici away. Cici loved that woman more than Daisy and Glen combined, and she was by herself. Her son only visited her on Sundays, after church, so he could get some home cooking.

Still, it hurt.

Tears pricked at the back of her eyes and her throat grew tight. "God, you're an ass."

"Now Glen, I thought you said Daisy was fine with us giving Cici to your momma," Nina said and Daisy blinked, tears thankfully staying at bay.

"Glen says lots of things," Daisy said before Glen could lie to the poor woman even more.

Nina shook her head, her brow furrowing. "Now Daisy, that's hardly productive. Maybe we can all get together for dinner one night and work it out."

"I don't think that's such a great idea, sweetie," Glen said.

"Yeah, I agree with Glen."

Instead of looking disappointed, Nina smiled. "That's a step in the right direction, you two. Maybe one day we can all be friends and do something together again. Glen really misses your friendship, sugar."

Eyes widening, Daisy took a step back, wishing for someone to come save her. She should just save herself and leave, but she had a feeling they would follow her inside. "Soooo, what brings you out here today?"

Glen and Nina looked at each other and grinned, then back at Daisy. Nina's arm shot out and punched her. Well, not punched her, but the woman came pretty darn close as she wiggled her fingers at Daisy.

"We're engaged!"

"Engaged?" Daisy's gaze slid from the ginormous diamond ring to Glen's face. His brown eyes crinkled as he smiled at her. This was almost too surreal.

Glen was supposed to have married her. Glen supposedly couldn't afford to get married for at least five more years. Seems like Glen had lied about a lot, more than she ever suspected.

And finding out hurt more than she ever expected.

Unable to take his smile, she forced her attention to the woman beside him.

Nina nodded, taking the dog out of her purse and kissing it on the head. "Jelly Belly will be the flower girl."

"You'll be the best, most precious flower girl ever," Nina added in high-pitched baby voice.

"Don't look so shocked." Glen wrapped an arm around Nina. "We couldn't wait to share the news with you."

"You two walked down here just to tell me, your ex-girlfriend, that y'all are engaged?" Of all the nerve. Who did that?

"Don't pout, Lazy-Daisy," Glen said with a laugh and she ground her teeth together. "We want to hire you to cater our wedding reception-June twelfth, by the way. So mark your calendar."

Oh, she wanted to mark something all right.

"I told my Nina-Bina that if Holland Springs only caterer was good enough for a Hollywood movie star, then she was perfect for us," he added.

Was that ass-backward compliment supposed to make her jump up and down for joy? Did it really matter? This was more business for her. Money was money, even from name-rhyming used-to-be boyfriends who had promised forever, especially since she hadn't agreed to Sebastian's offer.

Swallowing her pride, she said, "I'll be-"

"Darling, I cannot allow you to over-extend yourself like that," Sebastian said as joined the threesome. "Sorry for my tardiness, love, but my meeting with the Prime Minister-never mind-boring business stuff that shouldn't have too much of an effect on the American economy." He gave her a kiss on the cheek. "Full disclosure-I planned a holiday in France, at the Chateau le Camarguais, for us."

"It was to be a surprise," he added. "Forgive me?"

Her draw dropped open and somehow she managed to close it. Then she realized everyone was looking at her, awaiting her response. "Sure," she croaked, and then cleared her throat.

"How romantic," Nina breathed, unable to take her eyes off Sebastian. Not that Daisy could blame the woman. Wearing a dark blue, three-piece suit and a smile, Sebastian looked dashing and charming. "And very French sounding. Oui, oui!"

"What a marvelously entertaining woman you are," Sebastian said, reducing Nina to a giggling mess. "I suspect you and your fiance communicate for hours by merely gazing into one another's eyes. Adoringly, of course. Brain empty of every rational thought. Or any thought for that matter."

"Can someone tell me what's going on here?" Glen asked. "I thought you were getting married to Zoe Ambrose for the third or fourth time."

"That would be my brother, Christian. He's giving his wife the wedding she always wanted. Something a man who adores his wife should do. A man that would never dally with another woman, or take her dog."

Daisy's gaze flew to Sebastian. How did he know about that?

Glen shifted his stance to one side. "Didn't mean to-"

"Ah, but you did."

"Everyone around here knows Daisy needs the money to pay the insurance company. Thought I'd help her out."

Her cheeks grew hot, even as her body turned cold. "Gee, thanks, Glen." Wavering between punching her ex in the throat and making him a groom's cake in the shape of the middle finger, she glanced longingly at the door.

Sebastian moved closer to her ex. "Thought you'd pop down to Daisy's shop and give her some charity? Flash some diamonds and make her work for it?" Leaning in to Glen, he said, "Feel like a real man now, yeah?

Somewhere between one and thirty seconds ago, her arrogant earl had turned into a London wanna-be brawler. Something she read about once in a romance novel. Okay, so she'd read that baby until it had become dog-eared.

Glen sputtered, "Ah...no. I mean yes... Shit."

"I suggest you leave," Sebastian growled and Jelly Belly whined, shaking her tail. The dog looked as though she wanted Sebastian to pet her. "And your little rat, too."

Nina let out a horrified gasp. "Why I never!"

"Now you have," Sebastian snapped.

Yeah, this was not going to end well. Grabbing Sebastian's arm, Daisy said, "Let's get you something to eat." She shot Nina and Glen an apologetic smile. "Hungry always equals grumpy, you know."

The couple hurried away, giving them both odd looks over their shoulders.

Good riddance, Sebastian thought. He turned his attention to Daisy. "I am not hungry."

She tilted her head to one side. "How did you know Glen was my ex? And how did you know he took my dog?"

Oh hell. Think, dammit, think. "Your conversation carried."

Glancing down, she wiggled a foot. "That's not embarrassing at all."

He gently hooked a finger under her chin and applied a bit of pressure so she'd look at him. Her hazel eyes were shiny and there was a tell-tale blush on her cheeks. "Never be embarrassed with me."

"But I don't know you," she said softly, her lashes fluttering down.

"Like I said before, get to know me," he said, his thumb stroking the line of her jaw. She trembled and so did he. Unable to help himself, he dipped his head and brushed his lips over hers. Her hands came between them, pressing on his chest.

"I can't," she said.

"You can." He kissed her again. "One more kiss, Daisy."

Mouth trembling, she kissed him back. Soft, chaste, and so sweet that he melted inside, even as she melted in his arms. If only they were inside right now.

Deepening the kiss, he teased her mouth open and slid his tongue inside. She gasped and he slanted his head, fitting his lips more firmly to hers as his hands came up to cup her face. She tasted of honey and mint. She tasted exactly how he'd dreamed she would, and yet no dream could ever do justice to the taste of Daisy.

Her fingers curled into him, pulling tight on his suit jacket. "Sebastian, please," she whispered again his lips. "Please, stop. I can't do this."

He was going too fast for her, and they were in public. "Get to know me, Daisy." Pressing a kiss to the corner of her mouth, he smiled. "I promise I'm not that bad, once you get past all the prickly stuff."

She pushed him back and looked up at him, the tips of her fingers pressed to her mouth. Her br**sts rose and fell rapidly. She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand.

"Don't kiss me again," she choked out, her eyes swimming with tears. Tears that he knew he'd somehow caused.

"Why the hell not?" he snapped, close to his breaking point. Jesus Christ, he hated this. He'd kissed her with a passion borne of late night chats and constant emails. Of shared nightmares and midnight confessions. Of dreams and wants that each had sworn to only to share with the other.

He'd kissed her like he loved her, like he knew her, because he did.

Yet she felt none of it.

"Because there's someone else I'm saving my kisses for," she whispered, and ran inside.

Chapter Eleven

Sebastian started after her, then froze as a crew of constructions workers came through the door, cutting on the radio and resuming their work. The sounds of music, hammer, and saws filled his ears, but it still felt as if every eye were on him.

He stood there a good five minutes before it hit him-Daisy was saving her kisses for Jules, for him.

Victory roared and just as swiftly, his rational side reminded him that to Daisy, he was Sebastian, and she didn't want his kisses. Thank you very much.

However, he was a Romanov, and Romanovs went after what they wanted. And he wanted Daisy. "For God's sake," he muttered, then dashed up the stairs and into her flat where he found her bent over a portable table.

She was sketching. It looked to be a wedding cake and she was quite brilliant at it. Hell, he wanted to eat it. Then again, he had the most annoying sweet tooth and she made the most spectacular desserts.

The tip of her pencil broke. "You would," she muttered, then glanced up. "Can I help you?"

"I'm sorry for kissing you, without your permission," he said.

"You're forgiven; just don't do it again."

He supposed he should be thankful that she didn't make him promise not to kiss her again, because he had every intention of doing so. "Is that for my brother's wedding?"

"No."

Studying her design, he said, "You could bring out the-"

"Do I give you pointers on world domination?"

"Moonshine could be the official drink, to pay tribute to your family."

Hazel eyes crinkled at the corner. "So you do know who the Dukes of Hazzard County are."

She couldn't stay mad at him. A point her favor, and in his since he was the beneficiary of her benevolence.

"Boredom struck last night. I bought the series, as one does."

Her head dipped as she sketched, adding more flowers to the second tier. "I'm surprised you didn't hire the actors to come to your house."

"Don't be ridiculous," he snapped, and then clamped his jaw shut.

She glanced up at him. "I was teasing you, Sebastian."

Like Jules had told her to do. "Noted." Placing his hands behind his back, he wandered around her flat. "May I ask you a question?"

"Only if it isn't an insult."

"Rather narrow parameters you've given me."

Sighing, she placed her pencil to the side. "Just ask."

"Have you made up your mind, or did our impromptu kiss persuade you not to take my offer?"

She smiled, small and tight. "I'm surprised you didn't ask who the other man was, then again, you don't concern yourself with stuff like that, do you? You probably expect me to break up with him and be with you, because it's on your to-do list."

Ordinarily, yes, but this was no ordinary circumstance. Everything was on the line. "Okay, who's the other man, and when can I meet him?"

Her face paled, and then turned red. "His name is Jules, and you can't, because he doesn't live around here."

He kept his expression neutral, despite never being happier at being categorized as the other man. "Sure you're not making him up?"

She straightened. "No."

"No, you're not sure?"

One cheek hallowed. Oh yeah, he'd ticked her off. She was chewing on the inside of her mouth. A bad habit he'd once told her to stop. "He's real."

"But I can't meet him?"

"I told you he doesn't live around here."

"That's not a problem for me. I own a jet."

She chewed harder and he inwardly winced. She really needed to stop. "Did you ever think that maybe I didn't enjoy kissing you?"

"No."

Her mouth fell open. "God, you're conceited."

Guilty. "I'm right, aren't I?" He took a step closer to her. "You enjoyed every minute of our kiss. In fact, I'd bet you'd like to do it again."

She shook her head. "I would not," she said faintly, but the lie was loud in her tone.

He smiled, confident as he'd ever been. "Say yes, Daisy."

"I'm not kissing you again."

"Say yes to this." He dug a box out of his pocket and opened it. Her eyes widened at the pink diamond inside. "Pretend to be mine while you really get to know me. Who knows, maybe next time, you'll be the one to kiss me." He set the box down on the counter and strolled out of her flat, without waiting for an answer.

He was barely in his car before Daisy texted him. Well, not him, Jules. He frowned.

Daisy: I really need someone to talk to. Can I call you?

It was time to let doubt enter their relationship.

Jules: Actually, no. I'm rather busy at moment.

Daisy: Oh. Sorry, I thought you'd be home from work by now.

Jules: I'm out with some friends. New club in Mayfair.

Daisy: Oh. Okay. Well, I'll talk to you later.

Jules: Probably not tonight. How about I text you when I have a moment?

Daisy: Sure. Have fun.

Jules: Thanks. Bye!

Hating himself, Sebastian threw his phone in the passenger seat beside him, and started up the Mercedes.

He was taking a big risk by doing this, the biggest he'd ever taken. In the end, he could be without Romanov Industries and Daisy-if he ever manned up and revealed his deception.

Chapter Twelve

At precisely nine o'clock the next morning, Sebastian parked his Mercedes beside Daisy's Honda. He got out and walked along the tree-lined path. A few minutes later, he caught sight of her, sitting beside a headstone, flowers in her lap, and her head bent.

He paused, not wanting to intrude upon her prayers or private thoughts. Perhaps he'd been too hasty in coming. Only he knew that she visited her parents' graves once a month, on the fifteenth, which was today

The wind picked up, sending a few petals from the bouquet in his hand floating.

Daisy lifted her head, her eyes meeting his. An O formed on her mouth, and then a little smile. She waved at him.

Still feeling like an intruder, he shuffled over and kneeled beside her. "Good morning," he said softly, and then read the inscription on the headstone. Words like Beloved Mother and Beloved Father jumped out at him, as well as the dates. God, her parents had been young and so had she.

His heart constricted for her.

"Morning," she said. The wind gently blew, her scent of vanilla and honey reaching him. "How did you know I was here?"

Damn it, he was tired of lying, but the end justified the means. She needed him. "Zoe informed me that you'd be here this morning instead of your flat right as I was leaving."

"Oh." Her lips trembled.

He handed her the bouquet. "These are for your parents."

"Thank you." She took the bouquet and placed it beside hers in the urn situated between the two headstones. Her shoulders shook a little and he reached for her hand, lacing his fingers through hers.

"I'm sorry about your parents."

"Thank you," she said again, her voice whisper-thin now. "After all these years, I shouldn't feel like crying. I know my parents are in Heaven, happy and with each other. I know this, but...I'm tired of being alone, Sebastian."

As was he. He could be surrounded by business colleagues, friends, or extended family, yet still feel so damn alone that it left an acrid taste in his mouth.

He swallowed. "I know this might not mean much, but right now, at this moment, you're not alone. I'm...I'm here for you."

She turned and gazed up at him, tears threatening to spill over black lashes. Today her sweater was dark blue and she wore even darker jeans, with little black flats on her feet. The chopsticks in her hair were black as well. Such a somber sight she was and that manage to break off a little piece of his heart.

"Even if I told you that I think this whole fake fiancee thing is a bad idea?"

"Yes," he said, surprising himself. He'd leave this instant if she wanted.

"Really?" she asked, tears now falling down her cheeks.

Her shoulders shook harder and he pulled her into his arms, stroking her back as she cried without a sound. "Truly," he whispered in her hair and he meant it.

Funny how his own father's death was still fresh in his mind, yet he didn't feel a tenth of the sorrow she did. Most likely, he never would. As for his mother... She'd made her choice-money over her own sons. Something he hadn't shared with Daisy.

"Don't worry," she sniffed, capturing his attention once more. "I won't tell anyone that you're really a sweetheart."

Lips thinning, he shook his head. He was the exact opposite of a sweetheart. Everything he did was for his own gain, his greater purpose. Except when it came to Daisy. His very awful, drawn-out lie to her didn't count.

"No one would believe you."

"But I'd know the truth," she replied, as if that was all that mattered.

And in that moment, her knowledge of the truth was all that mattered to him.

***

He followed her to town, parking on the street in front of her flat, and met her at the entrance of the building. She smiled at him, and he took it for a positive sign.

"I really need an answer, Daisy. I don't have much time, and if you're not agreeable, then I'll need to find someone else, which isn't a problem for me, but you'll still have the same medical bills looming over you." He swallowed the boulder in his throat. His threat was empty. There wasn't a clock running down in the background. The Board didn't care how quickly he got his life back together. Romanov Industries most likely ran just as well without him, or it had before he'd mucked things up by making a deal with just-this-side-of-legal companies.

"I don't know," she said, her shoulders slumping.

"After this morning, I would have thought your answer would be yes."

Her jaw worked. "You only showed up so I'd agree?"

Reeling from her accusation, he quickly said, "No, of course not. I wanted to be there for you."

She crossed her arms. Gone was the woman who'd cried in his arms and told him that she believed the best about him. In her place was a woman who didn't trust him. "Why?"

"Because...because-" He ran a hand through his hair, and then pulled at his tie. "-I thought you needed me."

Her jaw softened, but only a little. "I did need someone."

Jules, he thought savagely. She wanted bloody Jules, and not him, even after the brush off he'd given her. "I'd like to take you out for dinner tonight, around six."

She shook her head. "No."

"Yes."

"I have other plans, with my friend, Isabella."

He shrugged. "Invite Bella along, or does she know about this Jules?"

Daisy's eyes narrowed and his heart began to beat faster. He had to stop doing that. "How did you know she goes by Bella? Never mind, I'm sure Zoe told you. She sure is chatty about me."

She had no idea, he thought grimly. "Well?"

"Yes, she knows about Jules, but not...everything. Besides, Bella is never going to believe that I've fallen for you. We've been friends since first grade-nothing gets past her. Nothing." A small smile curved her sexy lips. "So you might want to sit this one out."

A challenge-he loved this. "I'll make you a deal, one that you can't refuse, and more than likely will end up in your favor. Interested?" He knew she loved a challenge just as much as he did, maybe more.

"I'm listening."

"If I can convince Bella that I'm madly in love with you, then you agree to pose as my fiancee for the next three months. Bills, present and future, all paid off, etcetera, etcetera."

"And if you don't?"

"Then I'll pay you the money anyway and look for someone else."

Her brow furrowed. "Why would you give me the money anyway?"

Because I'd do anything for you, you daft woman. "For your trouble," he said lightly. "But there is one condition."

"I knew it," she grumbled. "Go on then. Give me your condition."

He smiled, slowly. "You have to play along."

"Fine," she said with a toss of her head. "But you can meet us at Jack's Fine Italian Dining. No need to drive together."

"Shall we kiss on it?" he asked, leaning closer. "You know, to make it official."

Her lashes fluttered and she licked her bottom lip. She took a step closer to him, her eyes trained on his mouth. Oh yeah, she was thinking about their last kiss, and she was thinking of kissing him now, too.

Suddenly, she stuck out her hand and he took it, rubbing his thumb over her skin. He let it slide down to her wrist, where her pulse was beating wildly. Slowly, giving her time to deny him, he raised her hand to his lips and kissed it, dragging his mouth over her skin and savoring the taste and feel.

"I didn't say you could kiss me," she gasped, yanking her hand out of his grasp.

He glanced down at her and smirked. Daisy's ni**les were hard against her sweater, and it wasn't from the cold. The day was temperate. Perfect, really, even if it had started off with a rather solemn visit.

"Ah, but you didn't stop me either."

Her mouth opened and closed a couple of times, before she glared at him.

"All you have to do is say the word, and I won't do it again, except for tonight. See you this evening." Without waiting for her answer, he turned, got into his car, and drove away. A quick glance into his rearview mirror let him know that she still stood there, staring after him.

Chapter Thirteen

"Explain to me again how you're suddenly dating Sebastian Romanov," Isabella said, tawny eyes narrowed. Oh yeah, her best friend's you're-so-full-of-it detector was on high alert.

No telling what Haven would have said-if she'd been able to join them.

Bella tapped the table. "I'm waiting."

"I'll start at the beginning-when a guy likes a girl, he generally asks her out to get to know her better. Those events are called dates. And sometimes, when two people fall in love after all those dates, they lead to other things like..." Daisy paused, unable to get out the word engagement.

Her phone vibrated and she grabbed it, thankful for the interruption.

"Who's that?"

"Text from the earl," Daisy said.

Sorry, I'm running late -S

Oh, I hadn't noticed. ~D

>:-S

Good. He didn't need to know that she'd checked the entrance to the restaurant at least a thousand times since she'd arrived, or that her heart had sped up each time she thought he was the one opening the door.

Isabella tilted her head, her nose scrunching up on one side. "I go out of town for two days and suddenly you're in love?"

"Y-yes." The blush that heated her cheeks most likely gave credence to her words. Daisy grabbed the nearest roll from the breadbasket, turning in over and over in her hands. "I, we...he-"

"That's the best news ever," Isabella squealed, making Daisy drop the poor roll she'd been tearing apart.

"It is?" Daisy asked, nonplussed by her friend's reaction. She'd thought Isabella would call her out on it.

"Gosh, yes." Her best friend took a quick sip of water. "The only man you talk to is virtual, and who knows if he's anything like you say he is."

"I haven't talked to Jules since yesterday. He's acting a little strange."

"Girl, who cares? You have a real live man that wants to be with you."

"Well, I care, for one. I don't-"

Isabella waved a hand in the air, effectively cutting Daisy off. "I'm going to be honest with you, okay? The whole Jules thing is a little sketchy. I mean, I'm sure he's a really nice person and all, but you've never seen him, never talked to him in person... What if he's really some teenager or a fifty-year-old perv who got a hold of a woman while she was vulnerable?"

All of that and more had occurred to Daisy, but Jules was Jules. He didn't talk like a teenager and she hoped like hell he wasn't a fifty-year-old perv. But wouldn't a perv ask her about what she was wearing? He never did that. "I'm not stupid, Bella."

"No, but you're like me, inclined to believe the good about people. Then when Glen broke up with you, you were vulnerable. Who says he didn't take advantage of that?"

Daisy shook her head. "You know, it would have been really nice for you to have told me all of that nine months ago."

Isabella grabbed her hand. "I'm sorry, honey, and you're probably right, but I thought Jules was what you needed at the time. And now..."

"Now I don't need him because there's a real live man who's interested in me," Daisy mumbled.

"Exactly." Isabelle beamed, giving Daisy's hand a little squeeze before she let go. "I'm freaking thrilled for you."

"As am I," Sebastian said as he slipped in the booth to sit beside Daisy. He caught her hand and turned it to kiss her palm. "Missed you, darling."

Of course he took the opportunity to kiss her. She hadn't told him no and, per their deal, she wasn't supposed to tell him no, because they had to look like a couple in love. Gah! But he hadn't said that she could do her darndest to trip him up.

Too bad Haven was out of town this week, having gone to a wedding in Alaska, of all places. The town she would be staying in still had dial-up internet and no cell phone towers, only satellite connection or something like that

"What did you miss about me the most, sweetheart?" She batted her lashes at him and raised her wine glass to her lips, taking a sip.

"Listening to you hum whilst you bake."

Daisy almost spit the wine all over his fancy suit. Instead, she forced the liquid down and smiled. How in the heck did he know that about her?

Isabella's eyes widened and she smacked the table. "Isn't it crazy how she always does that? And if it's something she really likes she breaks into-"

"Song," he finished.

God, she was really going to have a talk with her cousin.

Shaking her head, Isabella laughed. "But the words are so, so wrong."

"At least she's in tune."

"Lucky you," Isabella said with a wry smile, and then she turned to Daisy. "Have you shown him your Harry Potter collection?"

Daisy shot Isabella a look. Was nothing sacred? "Not yet." Slicing Sebastian a glance, she tipped up her chin, daring him to make fun of her.

He rubbed his chin. "So that was Hedwig on your desk."

Daisy blinked. He knew who Hedwig was? "Um, yes."

"You're totally outed, sweetie." Isabella laughed. "One time she made me drive two hours just to get a limited edition-who was it again-Hagar?"

"Hagrid." Not that her best friend actually listened. Oh no.

"Assertive and persuasive, eh?" Sebastian chuckled. "Tell me more about this trip."

Frowning at the two of them as they shared stories about her, Daisy pulled her hand from his grasp. Great.

Sebastian's smile turned from nice to positively sinful. Of course, Isabella noticed. Her cheeks got all red and she did that little hair flippy thing that men liked.

Jealousy, that evil bitch, tried to nudge Daisy into throwing the bread basket at her best friend. Wait, she didn't give a rat's tail about Sebastian's flirting. He could flirt with everyone that caught his eyes and it didn't matter to her. What mattered was finding out why Jules had blown her off.

Giving herself a mental shake, she took several breaths, and then dug into her pasta. Let Sebastian convince Isabella he was in love, without her help, because it didn't seem like he needed it. She'd just sit here and watch the-

Sebastian turned to her, his eyes blue as the summer sky instead of their usual frosty lake. So blue, they were, and growing darker by the second. His gaze dipped lower, to her br**sts. Her ni**les responded, tightening to hard points.

"Isn't that right, love?"

At that moment, she'd agree to anything he said. "Uh-huh."

He turned away, breaking the spell she'd been under. Oh God, she'd just said he was right. She was so going to have a talk with her libido.

"If you'll excuse me, I have an important call to make." He kissed her cheek and, despite everything, her body got all happy and tingly from it. "Although I don't know how I'll survive without you near me." Sliding his gaze to Isabella, he grinned. "I've become quite used to having her at my side."

Isabella sighed dreamily while Daisy forced herself not to puke up what she had eaten. He made her sound like his favorite pet.

As soon as Sebastian was out of earshot, her best friend grabbed her hand. "I totally approve of this relationship."

Of course she did. "You don't think I'm being too impulsive?"

Isabella snorted. "In less than twenty-four hours, I'm heading to the Bahamas to elope, without having told anyone but you and Haven. What do you think?"

A little feeling of disloyalty snaked through Daisy. "My lips are sealed."

"Who knows-maybe I'll come back from my honeymoon and you'll be engaged. Then we get to plan your wedding of the century." Isabella lifted her glass in the air. "Here's to true love."

Here's to true lies, Daisy thought glumly. The only thing Sebastian loved was Romanov Industries, not that that mattered to her. Nothing he did mattered to her.

Except, he'd saved her from embarrassment with Glen. He'd sat with her by her parents' grave and held her. No one had been around to witness that. The street had been virtually deserted when Glen and Nina had shown up, and the cemetery wasn't exactly a town hotspot.

And Sebastian had sounded completely sincere when she'd asked him about why he'd done it.

They clinked their glasses together and Daisy fought the urge to spill her guts.

Her phone vibrated. She fully expected another text from Sebastian, but it was a reminder to get her tail down to the library. "Cheese and crackers!"

"What?"

"The hors d'oeuvres are already there and ready to go. The library wanted something simple since only twenty-five guests RSVP'd." Grabbing her purse and slipping on her jacket, she slid out of the booth. She reached into her wallet and pulled out enough money to cover her tab, placing it on the table. "But I promised to help hand out the listing of items as people arrived."

"I'm in charge of the money." Isabella followed her to the door. "One of the volunteers had to cancel, so I'll get to be with you."

"Yay!" Flashing a genuine smile, Daisy texted Sebastian as she waited for Isabella to put on a coat.

Headed to library ~D

Which one? -S

Only one ~D

Figures -S

The cold March afternoon air went straight thru the gap in Daisy's coat. She quickly buttoned it, and then turned to her best friend. "Wanna walk with me?"

"Not in these shoes," Isabella said, sticking out her leg. She wore leather booties with heels at least three inches tall. "It's a ten minute walk to the library and that's nine too many. Besides, I have to run over to my parents' house to get my cell phone. I can drop you off."

"Nah, it's in the opposite direction."

"See you in a bit," Isabella called out, before sliding in her car.

After waving good-bye, Daisy set off in the direction of the library. Streetlights flickered on and the wind blew. Wishing she'd driven her Honda, she shoved her hands in her pockets and quickened her pace.

Her phone vibrated just as she entered the library. She checked the screen as she hung up her coat.

Safe?-S

A strange feeling passed over her. Why did he care if she were safe? She hadn't had anyone worry about her safety or lack thereof for over a year, besides Jules. Glen had always assumed she'd get where she was going to in one piece.

The only other person who'd ever worried about her was her momma. Which was why she was here tonight to help raise money for the library to buy more bookmobiles to service the rural parts of the county.

Those bookmobiles had been her mom's only way to escape from the pain while she convalesced at home. Every Wednesday, just like clockwork, the bookmobile would show up at their house.

She glanced at her phone again.

Yes ~D

See you soon -S

The new head librarian rushed to her, and Daisy smiled. "Hi, I'm Daisy Barnes. Sorry, I haven't had a chance to introduce myse-"

The woman shoved a stack of pamphlets into Daisy's hands and dragged her by the arm to the entrance. "We can do introductions later. Right now, I need for you to stand here, look pretty, and...well, if you don't mind, get that earl of yours to bid on something."

"My what?"

The woman gave her a look. "Please, everyone is talking about y'all."

"Everyone?" Daisy repeated, her voice weak. Apparently, the new librarian wasn't that new. "But-"

"And don't get me started about him leaving your place the other day, after an extended period of time. Or the bouquet of flowers he had delivered. Looks like romance runs in the family with those Romanov boys."

Daisy blinked. "Ah, well, menus and stuff."

"Showtime." The woman smiled, talking through her teeth as the group of patrons walked inside. "Don't forget to ask him to bid."

Well, wasn't that special. Everyone already thought they were a couple. It was too perfect. It was too much of a lie. Closing her eyes, she let her head fall back against the glass wall behind her.

"Daisy," the librarian hissed.

Her eyes snapped open and she took a deep breath. Time to focus on something that she could make a positive impact on.

***

Her earl showed up right before the presentation started.

Automatically smiling, she handed him the last pamphlet just as he leaned in to kiss her. She turned her head so it would land on her cheek, but somehow he ended up brushing his lips over hers. Her knees went as wobbly as a Jell-O mold.

Dang it.

"Are you feeling quite well?" he asked, brushing back a stray piece of hair. "You look a bit flushed, love."

It seemed as though every person in the building stared at the two of them. This might actually work in her favor. There was no way he'd ever cause a scene in front of anyone, especially since the town's only newspaper reporter was here with his camera.

Swallowing, she looked into his eyes. "You won the bet," she whispered. "But I can't go through with it."

His eyes flashed, hot and bright like a flame. His fingers tightened, then loosened but didn't let go. "We had an agreement."

She lowered her gaze, staring at her flats and wishing she were anywhere but here. "I know, but I can't... I can't lie to the people I love." Like Jules. She was betraying Jules with her lusty thoughts for a man she hardly knew. A man she had to pretend to like and love. A man she really wanted to hold and kiss her. Kiss her hand, her lips...every part of her.

"Let's go to your place and talk," Sebastian said softly.

"No," she said with a shake of her head. "I promised I'd be here to help raise money for the bookmobiles."

"Afterwards then."

"Fine."

"Look at me before everyone gets the wrong impression." Slowly, she met his furious gaze and swallowed. He smiled, a baring of teeth that made her stomach drop. She'd really made him mad, and it was all her fault. "Are you allowed to sit?

"Yes," she breathed.

He walked away, tugging her along. She almost ran to keep up with his long strides, sitting beside him in the second row. He let go of her fingers, only to place a possessive hand on her thigh.

Sebastian kept a neutral, if not bored, expression on his face, but inside he seethed. Promises. She had a bloody promise to keep to the damn library? What about to him? He'd taken up her challenge and convinced her best friend that he was a man in love, that he thought her to be adorable and fun to be around.

Things he thought constantly about her. Until now.

"Sebastian, let go of my leg," Daisy said in his ear, lips brushing against the lobe and sending waves of torturous pleasure down his neck. "I need to give a speech."

He allowed his hand to fall away, but he could still feel the firm shape of her thigh under his palm. Daisy scooted by, the scent of honey and vanilla hitting him.

How pretty she looked, all soft and feminine, in her usual cardigan and swingy skirt. She wore her long hair in a loose bun, but the chopsticks holding it in place were a vibrant blue instead of this morning's black.

She walked to the front of the room and began to speak, telling the audience why she valued the bookmobiles' services so much. She spoke of her mother's battle with cancer and how books had helped them both get through the not-so-good days. There wasn't a dry eye in the room (except for his) by the time she finished.

His anger flowed out of him, like a ship sailing on the tide. Of course, this actually meant something to her. It served a greater purpose than his position on the board or even her insurance bills. She was truly one of those people that cared about others and tried to make the smallest of differences.

With a smile, she gestured to her table. "So tonight, I hope you'll be generous when you bid on a year's supply of cupcakes, personally baked and delivered by me once a month."

"Two million," he called out.

"I'm sorry, but you'll have to-"

"Three."

"Like you got three million dollars sitting in the bank, Noah," someone called out and the crowd laughed.

Craning his neck, Sebastian found the arse who dared to bid against him. Some dark-haired bloke wearing a navy shirt who'd crossed his arms over his chest and smirked.

In that moment, Sebastian didn't care if the man had any money or not. "Four," he said as faced the front once more. He wasn't about to let some other man eat her cupcakes.

"All yours, Romanov," the man said with a low laugh. "Must be some damn good cupcakes."

A murmur rippled through the crowd.

Daisy's hazel eyes narrowed, her hands fisting on her hips. "It's supposed to be silent, you two."

"Quite so, darling." Pulling out his phone, Sebastian texted Daisy his offer and winked when he was done.

She glanced down, and then held her phone out for the other woman to read. The tall redhead didn't waste any time as she yelled, "Sold."

The town's online reporter took Sebastian's picture, and then gave him a thumbs-up. Brilliant. The Board would be pleased once they got wind of it, and he knew without a doubt they were keeping tabs on him.

"Let's have a round of applause for the Earl of Spenserfield's generous donation."

"What can I say, except, I adore her cupcakes." Rising to his feet, he collected a stunned Daisy and headed out the door. "Darling, a word."

"I can't leave. I have things to do. Hors d'oeuvres to replenish." Once outside and away from nosy stares, she tried to pull out of his embrace, but he wouldn't let her. "My purse and coat-"

He kissed her protesting mouth, his hands cupping her shoulders.

She melted against him, her arms winding around his neck as she pressed closer. The feel of her curvaceous body against his threatened to break through his armor of self-control. Every intention of not initiating their next kiss completely flew out the window. Hell, those intentions flew so hard and swift that they shattered the glass.

"Say no. Tell me to stop, and I will." He dug his fingers into her skin and she whimpered, then slipped her tongue inside of his mouth. Their tongue slid against each other, hot and wet.

"I can't say no," she whispered against his lips. "I can't tell you to stop."

Some cruel part of him had to ask, "What about Jules?"

Leaning back in his arms, she shivered, hazel eyes glazed with passion. For him. "What did you say?"

"Jules, the man you sworn to be saving your kisses for," he said, cursing himself for even bringing Jules up. But here he was again-jealous.

"Screw you, Sebastian Romanov," she spat, her eyes blazing as she shoved him away from her.

The cold March wind brushed the exposed skin of his neck, but he was too damn heated from their kiss. She shivered again, and he felt like an ass for not doing something about it the first time. Hell, he was an ass for everything he'd just said to her.

"I'm sorry." Taking off his coat, he draped it around her. "If you will excuse me, I'll be on my way back to England." He turned to walk away.

"Wait," she cried out and he stopped. "Why did you pay so much for my cupcakes?"

Examining his motives or even explaining them to anyone was unthinkable, but this was Daisy. She deserved the truth, or at least as much as he could give her, and now that he'd messed everything up, he'd go back to being Jules Westmoreland, apologize for being an ass, and love her from afar while making excuse after excuse about why he couldn't ever meet her in person.

"I bid on the blasted cupcakes, because this event was important to you." He rubbed the back of his neck. "Because you were crying and talking about your mum."

Her pretty eyes searched his face. "Really?"

"Truly."

"I'll do it."

"Do what?" he asked, hoping against hope she really did mean what she said.

"I'll be your fiancee," she said.

Screw Jules Westmoreland. "Would you take the chance on getting to know me?" He was taking a big risk by saying this, by purposefully not answering her texts for the past day and a half. He'd been in agony over it, but he was, at heart, a risk-taker. She blinked up at him, and he could practically see her mind working. She was weighing and assessing him. Weighing and assessing what Isabella had said tonight about Jules not being who he said he was, while he, Sebastian, was in the flesh.

Yes, he'd eavesdropped and he'd do it again if he thought it would help him.

"I think I'd like that," she said slowly.

Victory was his. "Have a good night, Daisy."

"What about your coat?" she asked.

"I'll pop down to your flat tomorrow to retrieve it."

"Night, Sebastian," she said.

"I prefer Bastian, remember?"

"Yes." She smiled, and his heart turned over in his chest. "Night, Bastian."

The urge to kiss her again came upon him so quickly that he took a step towards her. A deep breath sustained his self-control. "See you tomorrow."

Pivoting, he nearly sprinted to his car and got in, driving away, but he couldn't help but glance up at his rearview mirror.

Daisy still stood where he'd left, beneath a halo of light, his coat wrapped around her.

Chapter Fourteen

Lifting the collar of his coat, Daisy buried her nose in the fabric. It smelled so good. So him.

She was so in trouble.

Sighing, she turned to head back inside the library. Just as she pushed open the first set of door, Isabella barreled into her. Daisy grabbed her, Sebastian's coat sliding to the floor. They knelt at the same time, her best friend handing her the coat.

"Late for your flight?" Daisy asked with a smile. Then she got a good look at Isabella and gasped. Her tawny eyes were rimmed in red and her face was all splotchy. "What happened?"

Fat tears rolled down Isabella's cheeks. "He l-left me for that woman. I got a text message with their Vegas Wedding picture. The coward." She sniffed and looked up at the ceiling, then back at Daisy. "You and Haven were so right about him. I'm so stupid."

Heart breaking for her best friend, Daisy helped Isabella to her feet and wrapped her arms around her. She stroked her hair. "You're not stupid and it's not your fault the rat bastard left you."

"They're all rat bastards. Every last one of them," Isabella said, her voice shaky. "Not Sebastian, of course. I'm sure you two are perfect for each other."

The door opened and Daisy turned her head. Isabella's older brother walked in. All tall, dark-haired and devastatingly handsome, but without the swagger of someone who needed the world to acknowledge it. Growing up, Daisy had a huge crush on him, but he'd only had eyes for Summer Holland.

Daisy had a sneaking suspicion he still only had eyes for Summer.

Her best friend began to sob as her brother caught her up in a hug. "D-don't l-lecture m-me, Gab-briel," Isabella managed to say.

"Thought you might need a ride home when this was over," Gabriel said, his voice low and soothing. "But there's something you should know."

If that womanzing asshat had gotten that woman he'd run off with pregnant, Daisy would hunt him down herself.

"I'm not sure how to say it-"

Her best friend gripped his coat. "Spit it out, Gabe."

"It's all over the news. Everyone knows." He hugged Isabella tighter. "Sorry, honey."

Daisy caught Gabriel's eye. "Take Bella home. I'll cover for her."

"Thank you," Isabella sniffed, stepping out of her brother's embrace.

"Maybe you should go on a vacation, Bella. Maybe to the Bahamas or someplace where people won't bother you." Daisy raised her brows, trying to convey her thoughts while keeping her own tears at bay. "I'll hold down the fort while you go."

"I think you're right." Isabella dashed a hand over her eyes, glancing up at her brother and then at Daisy. "And you know what else?"

Daisy gave her a watery smile. She hated to see anyone cry alone, especially her best friend. "What?"

Isabella grabbed her hand, squeezing it so hard that Daisy almost gasped in pain. "I love you, Daisy Starr Barnes.

Daisy watched her friend leave, waving as Gabriel's truck pulled out of the parking lot. By the time she returned to the fundraiser, people had already eaten, bid on the items they had wanted, and were putting on their coats.

Smiles and laughter were a good indicator tonight had gone well. Heading to the long table of now empty food platters, she cleaned and packed up her supplies.

"Thanks for all of your help, Daisy," the new librarian called out as she hefted the first bag. "Be sure to tell Isabella not to worry either. Poor girl, migraine hitting her at the worst possible time."

"You're welcome, and I will." Daisy wanted to smack herself as the woman ducked into an office. She still hadn't gotten her name.

Daisy nodded, and then made two trips to her car before wishing everyone who was left a good night. Twenty minutes later, she was in her favorite pjs and relaxing in bed while checking her email.

One in particular caught her attention-mostly because it sounded like one of those foreign you've-won-the-lottery emails.

My dearest Daisy,

It has come to my attention that you have become acquainted with my beloved son. I do hope that you treat him well.

If you find it in your heart, and have the time-

"Give me a break," she muttered at the screen.

Fuming, she drilled her fingers on the laptop and wondered if she should bother to tell Sebastian. The woman wanted information, that Daisy knew for sure. However, the part about her beloved son...Yeah, a little over the top, and Daisy wasn't responding to some poser looking for dirt, not that she had any. But there was the urge to email this Francesca, Countess of Spenserfield and tell her off for pretending to be somebody's momma.

Daisy turned and stared at the wall, taking in all the pictures she had of her family. Tons were of her and her mom, at all stages of life and cancer. There weren't that many of her dad, who had been killed in Iraq during the first Gulf War, when she'd been a toddler. Some were of her extended family in Holland Springs and down in Georgia. At any given time, she had more relatives in federal prison than out.

What would they think of her agreement? She snorted softly. They'd be all for it.

Her email notification dinged again. This time it was from Jules. Her heart began to beat like crazy in her chest and her palms grew damp. She licked her dry lips and then clicked on the email.

Daisy,

I happened to see some pictures of you and Sebastian Romanov at dinner. The two of you look great together. Happy, even.

It's led me to believe that what you and I need is a real relationship, with real people. As much as I enjoy talking to you, darling, this isn't ever going to work. My schedule, etc. makes it impossible for me to come to the States, and let's face it, you don't have the finances to come here for an extended amount of time.

"Who are you and what have you done to my Jules?" she whispered brokenly.

So let's not gently tug at the Band-Aid. Let's just rip it off, and each go our own way. It's for the best.

I love you too much for you not to live in the real world.

Yours,

Jules

"No," she cried at the screen and reached for her phone. She texted Jules. She called Jules. She left message after message, begging and pleading with him to call her back.

"Please, Jules," she sobbed, as her heart broke into a million pieces. This was worse than her breakup with Glen. This was worse than anything she'd ever felt except for her mother's death. Or maybe it was worse, because Jules was out there living his life, while she had to stay here. Alone.

"Please, please, please. I need you. Don't leave me like this. Who else can I talk to? Who else will listen to me? It's not fair you made this decision without me. DAMMIT JULES, call me back."

There was only one person who was responsible for this entire mess, and only one person that could fix it-Sebastian Romanov.

Come tomorrow, he'd explain everything to Jules.

Or else.

***

"I swear to God, Sebastian, if you pull out a handkerchief to wipe off anything, I'll beat your arse," Christian threatened as they walked inside the local pub.

Dropping the silk material while easing his hand out of his pocket, Sebastian smirked. "I was merely ascertaining where to best keep my wallet so it doesn't get nicked."

Christian rolled his eyes. "Could you stop with the Masterpiece Theater talk? You're twenty-seven."

"What does my age have to do with the perpetual lowering of the standards of elocution?" There was nothing in the world he liked doing more than goad his twin, especially when he was in a foul mood. Breaking up with Daisy had put him in said foul mood.

"Seriously?"

Nodding, Sebastian put his hands behind his back and tried to look as though he was having fun. But he wasn't and they'd just arrived. He was miserable as hell over the email he'd sent, and the first of her texts and voice mails had only begun to show up.

"Oh my giddy aunt," Christian groaned. "Stay here and I'll get us a couple of pints." He headed to the bar.

Sebastian shifted to his right, stepping in something sticky and most likely vile. He grimaced and took in the place. Country music blared on an old jukebox. A band set up their instruments on the stage. Bras and jock straps hung from the ceiling.

His foot tapped to the beat of the music. The band was quite good and the pub was crowded. It seemed as though the entire population of Holland Spring's over-eighteen crowd was in attendance. Except her. He couldn't stop thinking about Daisy.

"Here, and remember what I said about the hanky." Christian thrust a bottle at him, the cap off.

"This where you get up to regularly?" Sebastian surreptitiously wiped the top off on his coat and followed his brother to an empty table. No one seemed to care that a world-famous actor was among them. Perhaps that's why Christian loved living in Holland Springs so much, aside from his wife.

Setting his beer down, Christian studied him. "I'm surprised you didn't have something sarcastic to say along the lines of Zoe allowing me out of the house."

Sebastian gave his brother a look. "Hardly."

"Good to hear-"

"Romanov men aren't allowed to do anything. We just do," Sebastian said in all seriousness. And the thing he would do tomorrow-make Daisy his fiancee so that they could get to know one another in the real world by putting that damned ring on her finger.

"Just when I thought there was hope." Christian grabbed his beer and raised it. "Cheers."

Sebastian copied him, and then asked, "Is this the only pub around?"

With a heavy sigh, Christian set the bottle down and nodded at someone behind Sebastian. "Yes, and I'm sorry it doesn't meet your high standards."

His brother knew nothing of his standards. Sure, this place wouldn't be his first choice, but Sebastian's favorite pub wasn't exactly a five-star dining establishment.

For the next ten minutes, neither did anything other than drink and look around the bar.

This wasn't awkward at all, Sebastian thought grimly. He held up his bottle of beer. "What is this?" It was surprisingly good. Actually, it was better than good. He'd like to take home a keg of it.

"Homebrew. Company's called Two Bugs Brewing." His brother grinned. "The blokes that make it want to start up a micro-brewery, and I'm thinking of investing. They've already a massive following."

Finally, a topic that interested him and one he could contribute to, even help out his brother. "You'll need a copy of their profit margin, marketing campaign, distribution-"

"Thank you."

Sebastian took another drink and set the bottle down. Undeterred by his brother's thank you, he started again, "A background check is needed as well as a look into their finances. One can't be too careful these days."

"Is there ever a time you can talk about anything other than business?" His brother shook his head. "Your conversations with Daisy must be scintillating, poor girl. 'What's the profit margin of your catering business? Have you considered this brand of flour instead of brand x? There's a two percent savings with that one.'"

No, his conversations with Daisy were anything but business. "Why did you bring me here, Christian?"

"To help you out with your little problem, of course." His brother's eyebrows rose. "Should there be another reason?"

Yes. "No. However, I appreciate you sacrifice. You wife's company is surely preferred to mine." His eyes kept straying to the door. Maybe if he willed Daisy to walk through she would. Maybe if he texted her. He slipped his hand into his pocket, palming his phone. Maybe he should leave her the hell alone tonight. Jules had broken her heart after all.

"Damnable pride," Christian said, capturing Sebastian's attention. "I don't know what I was thinking."

Sebastian let go of his cell and frowned. "For once you were thinking instead of doing, that's what."

"Which gets us nowhere." Christian slapped some money on the table. "I'd hoped-ah, bugger it. Ready to go?"

Before Sebastian could answer, his brother had already turned and walked away. He hated this, this wall between them that couldn't be scaled with conversations about anything. He didn't know what to do or what to say to make things better.

And why should he?

Christian didn't need him. His brother had a wife and a family that cared for him. There was no way Sebastian could compete with that, not with their history, and as his brother constantly reminded him-Vladimir Romanov's legacy lived on in Sebastian.

Jaw and fists clenching, he followed his brother out of the pub. Then he got in his car, and made himself listen to every last one of Daisy's voicemails to Jules.

Repeatedly.

Chapter Fifteen

As soon as Sebastian woke up the next day, he went straight to Daisy's. He wasn't quite sure what he'd say or do to make her feel better, but he had to do something.

She wasn't expecting him exactly, but he had said he'd be back to get his coat and there was still the business of securing his position with Romanov Industries.

Unfortunately, the more time he spent here, the less inclined he was to worry about it, and that worried him. Never before had he purposefully put business at the bottom of his everyday to-do list. Normally, it ranked up there, at the very top. Or it had, until he'd met Daisy.

She resided at the top, everything else second and third, and in some cases falling off his list completely.

Today was no different. Today he had to fix things for her.

Just as he raised a hand to knock, the door was jerked open and there stood Daisy, eyes puffy and mouth thin.

"You," she growled. "Why don't you come inside so we can have a little talk?"

She knew. Oh bloody hell, she knew. "Okay." With a tight smile, she moved out of his way and he stepped inside. The door slammed shut behind him.

"How could you?" she cried, marching up to him and shoving a finger in his chest. "I hadn't agreed to anything yet."

Wait, she didn't know. He blinked, encircling her wrist with his hand and keeping it against him. "What?"

"There are pictures of us, everywhere. I looked on the Internet. Jules saw, and he-he-" She bit her bottom lip and looked away. Tears fell from the corner of her eyes.

"And he what?"

"He broke up with me," she said, her voice cracking.

"I'm sorry," he said, and he was. He hated hurting her.

Her fingers tightened in his shirt, pulling on it. "He was nice about it, and said I needed to have a relationship in real life. Is there something wrong with me, Sebastian? Am I so horrible that I can't even keep a virtual boyfriend?"

With his free hand, he smoothed her hair as best he could. It was pulled on top of her head, in a rubber band instead of her usual chopsticks. "No. He's the ass**le. Not you. You were honest with him, and he took the easy way out. Maybe it's for the best."

Guilt scraped over his body, leaving him raw.

You did this, a voice in his mind whispered. You made her cry.

And I can make her feel better, he swore. I'll make her forget all about Jules, if it's the last damn thing I do.

"Bella would agree with you," she sniffed.

"Why don't you come have dinner with me, at Christian's house? The entire family will be there and we can announce the engagement." Forward. Always moving towards his goal.

She shrugged. "I guess that would get my mind off of Jules."

At least she hadn't said no. Still...He let go of her wrist and stroked her cheek. "Would you wear my ring?" She didn't flinch. She didn't lean in. In fact, she did nothing at all. Her hazel eyes were dull.

"Sure."

Feeling lower than anything that had every stuck to the bottom of a rubbish pile, he murmured, "I'll wait outside by the car while you change."

***

Daisy watched as Sebastian strode around his car, his body tall and lean. His strides were purposeful and sexy. He was powerful and compelling.

While she was helpless and weepy, eyes all puffy and rimmed in red. Makeup had helped a little. The shiny ring on her hand had helped her a little, too. She wouldn't apologize about that either; it was pretty and sparkly. Two things that always made her feel better. He opened her door and smiled, "Shall we, darling?"

Darling. Jules called her darling all of the time. "Don't call me-"

"Sorry, force of habit," Sebastian said with a smile and gently pushed the hair out of her eyes. "That's better. I can see your pretty face now."

"You think I'm pretty?"

He gave her a look, but she didn't care. She needed compliments from a man. She needed to be assured that she was pretty, smart, and fun to be around. That she didn't drive men away, especially the ones she loved.

"Isn't it obvious what I think about you?" he answered as they walked up the steps of the front porch.

"Not really," she answered.

He stopped at the door and looked at her. The lights by the door highlighted his handsome face. "Ask me."

She let out a shaky breath. "What do you think about me?"

Sebastian cupped her face, tipping it up. "I think you're sexy, beautiful, kind, and smart. Any man, including Jules Westmoreland, who's not willing to do anything short of murder to be with you, doesn't deserve you."

"Oh." That hadn't been the compliment she'd craved. Oh no. It was much, much better and really, really unexpected. "Thank you."

"You're welcome."

Rising on her toes, she licked her lips and waited for him to kiss her. She wanted him to kiss her. He was close enough for her to kiss. All she had to do was lean forward and-

The door opened right as his hands fell away.

Zoe stood there, her gaze going from Daisy to Sebastian and then back to Daisy. "Hope you like pasta."

"I love pasta," Daisy said, as she stepped inside, keeping her strides all casual. Dear God, she hoped her cousin hadn't seen anything. Or worse, Aunt Leah was here and thought she saw something.

Sebastian followed, not saying a word.

Her cousin stopped in the dining room. The table was set for four, and Daisy breathed out a silent sigh of relief. All she really could handle tonight was Zoe and Christian, not the entire Ambrose clan.

"Y'all got here at just the right time," Zoe said as Christian brought in glasses and a bottle of wine.

"This ought to be great fun," he said with a wink at her and his wife.

She felt nothing, absolutely nothing, while looking at him. Sneaking a glance over her shoulder, she smiled up at Sebastian. He didn't smile back, but her heart rate went into overdrive.

"Shall I pour?" Sebastian held out his hand to take the bottle of wine from his brother.

Christian offered the bottle, only to take it back at the last minute. "Before I do, I want to know what we're celebrating."

"Well, I'm sure the two of you will understand, more than anyone," Daisy began.

Zoe shook her head, giving Daisy a sympathetic smile. "We already know. Everything."

"Oh." Daisy waved a hand in the air, making sure her ring caught the light. Zoe's eyes grew wide. "Yay for fake engagements."

"Very nice ring," Christian said with a glance at his wife. Zoe gave him a secret smile that made Daisy jealous. Why couldn't she have that? Oh wait, she had had that, and the guy broke up with her. Over the Internet.

Christian cleared his throat when no one said anything else. "Shall we sit?"

Sebastian pulled out her chair and she sat down. He sat beside her and, after blessing the food, he began to eat. His table manners were beautiful, like him. Everything he did was gorgeous, from the way he ate to the way he drank from his wineglass.

Only he was so silent, so serious.

She wanted to muss his hair and make him laugh. Make him unserious. And oh dear God, was she turning into one of those women? Broody equals sexy challenge?

Sebastian glanced her way, sexy blue eyes slowly raking over her. No, he wasn't a challenge. She knew he was attracted to her. Hadn't he kissed her often enough in the past few days to prove it?

"Did you know I brought Sebastian to the dark side, without cookies," she said, and the table went silent. "He, um, bought The Dukes of Hazzard County series and watched it."

Christian nodded, and then raised his glass of wine. "Bastian's always been a pop culture buff. Star Trek's his weakness. Regularly quotes Picard like a good Trekkie.".

Like Jules. Ugh. She had to stop thinking of Jules, but she couldn't. She couldn't stop thinking of Sebastian either. So she focused on the man that was real, and in the seat beside her. "You are? It is? You do?"

He chewed and chewed, until there couldn't possibly be any more food in his mouth, before answering. "Yes." Then he twirled another forkful of pasta in a spoon and resumed eating.

"Oh."

"Loads. Of. Fun." Christian finished the rest of the bottle and Zoe shot Daisy an apologetic smile.

"Would you like some dessert?"

Just as Daisy was about to answer, she happened to glance down at Sebastian's free hand. It was practically balled into a fist. He was uncomfortable, but she wasn't sure why. Maybe he and Christian were still on the outs.

"No, I'm a little tired. Today was one of those days, you know?" Not a lie. She'd spent all night tossing and turning, trying to figure out where she'd went wrong with Jules.

Zoe's smile turned sympathetic, and then she turned to Sebastian. "Why don't you go ahead and take Daisy home?"

Daisy scraped back her chair. "At least let me help with the dishes first."

"I got them," Zoe said with a wave of her hand and began to rise. "You two go on."

Christian shot to his feet. "Sit, love. I'll take care of this."

"But you cooked," she protested, her eyes on her husband's face.

He leaned down and kissed her. "And you're sleepy." His gazed dipped to Zoe's stomach and Daisy barely suppressed a gasp. Her cousin hadn't had anything to drink, other than water. Instead she grinned, happy as anything for them.

"I was up late last night writing," Zoe said, sitting back down again. The unmistakable glow of a pregnant woman shone on her face.

"A baby," she whispered to herself. Daisy had always wanted one or two of her own. Growing up as an only child had only reinforced her someday fantasy of a husband and kids. Being alone all the time was overrated in her opinion.

"What?" Sebastian asked.

Not wanting to give Zoe and Christian's secret away before they were ready, she shook her head. "Cupcakes. I baked some today. You can have them for dessert."

"Let's go," he said, and after saying good night to Zoe and Christian, they headed back to her apartment.

Driving around her building to the parking lot in the back, Sebastian parked his car and "Hang on a minute and I'll walk you inside."

He opened his door and then opened hers, helping her out.

"You didn't seem to have fun tonight," she said as they walked across the parking lot.

He spun the keys to his car around his pointer finger. "I'm not known for my hilarity."

"And things are still tense with Christian."

"They are."

"I thought you were trying to change that."

"I am."

"You're one heck of a poker player, aren't you?" she asked with a teasing smile.

He rubbed the back of his neck, and then opened the door that led to the stairs to her apartment. "Sorry."

"Don't be. I don't expect you to all chatty with me. Er, the American version, that is," she said, heated blush rising.

"What do you know of any other version?"

"Plenty."

"Give me an example, then."

At the top of the landing, after unlocking the door, she turned to face him and rose on the tips of her toes, wrapping her arms around his neck. "Sure you don't want to come inside?"

A war played out on his face, and she hoped to God that she'd be the winner. "Is this what you thinking chatting is?"

"To an Englishman it is."

"And what do you know of Englishmen?"

"Enough to know I'd like this particular Englishman to spend the night." She pulled on the back of his neck, but he wouldn't budge.

"I think it's best if I went back to Christian's." His hand came up, stroking the side of her face, and she leaned into his touch.

"Stay with me," she whispered, pressing a kiss to his throat. She felt him tremble. Peering up at him, his face was a mixture of panic and desire.

"I know what you think you need, Daisy, but you'd regret it in the morning, and the last thing I ever want to see in your eyes is regret."

Kissing his chin, she said, "Let me be the one to decide."

"I-"

Nipping his bottom lip, pulled it into her mouth and sucked. He groaned, his hands coming up to cup the back of her head. "This is wrong," he said, but he opened the door to her apartment anyway and pulled her though with him.

The light on the table she kept in the foyer gave off just the right amount of light for her to see him. She kicked the door closed.

"I'm going to kiss you."

"Only a kiss," he murmured, dipping his head. "Nothing more."

Their lips met, a slow pass of soft, warm flesh against one another. Her heart sped up, fast as hummingbird wings. Her hand slid down to press against his chest and she smiled. His heart beat faster than hers.

She teased the seam of his lips open, sliding her tongue inside to touch his. To taste him, like he had done to her so long ago. Slow, wet glides and soft nips of lips and teeth. Her body responded of its own accord, arching against him.

His fingers tightened in her hair, his free hand gliding down her back to cup her bottom. "That's enough," he said, his voice hoarse. Shaky.

"Just a little bit longer," she coaxed and he slanted his mouth over hers, searching and wanting, and making her feel exactly how she wanted: desired, beautiful, and sexy.

Then his kisses turned light, concentrating on the corners of her mouth and the sides of her neck, causing shivers to race up and down her spine. Sebastian would stop soon, she knew this. She also knew she didn't want him to stop.

Fumbling with the belt of her wrap dress, she undid the knot and shrugged out of the material, until she stood in nothing but heels and lacy panties. Normally she wore a bra, but tonight she hadn't and for that she was grateful.

"Stay."

Sebastian pulled away as soon as her dressed pooled around the hand that still cupped her bum. He refused to look any lower than her gorgeous face.

"Stay," she said again.

Hating and cursing himself, he replied, "I can't."

Her face paled a little. "Are you worried about the contract we have, because this has nothing to do with it."

He rubbed the back of his neck. "No."

Glancing away from him, her cheeks heated, "At the risk of sounding desperate, I want you to stay with me tonight." Then she looked at him, eyes all dark and vulnerable, mouth trembling. "I need you."

Jules! I need you! God he wanted to help her, because she needed him as Sebastian. He wanted to stay, but the deception remained.

"My heart's broken, Bastian," she said, stepping closer to him. "Make me feel better."

Still he didn't look down. "You want to use me for sex?"

A bittersweet smile curved her lips. "Isn't that every man's fantasy?"

He shook his head. "I don't want you to use me just for sex. I want you to-" He wanted her to love him, like he did her. This was killing him. He wanted her in the worst way possible, because she made him feel something and forget who he was all at once.

"To what?" She took his hand and placed it in the middle of her chest, just where her br**sts curved. If he moved even the smallest of distances to the right or left, he would touch her bare skin there, feel her bare nipple as it hardened against his palm.

He swallowed, desire rushing through him and knocking down every good intention of leaving her the hell alone tonight. "I want to make love to you, like you deserve." He'd had fantasies about seducing her, with wine and candlelight. With charming conversations and witty sparring.

But that wasn't him. He was blunt and no-nonsense. The worst kind of lover in his opinion.

Her mouth formed a little O. "Make love?" She made the words sound foreign. Maybe her relationship with Glen had been worse than he'd thought.

Running his knuckles across her cheek, he said, "Haven't you ever been made love to? Did Glen ever touch you, kiss you and hold you like you were the most precious, sexiest creature ever made? That every part of him was meant to pleasure you, to make you forget everything, but the two of you together...joined in the most intimate of ways."

A pink tongue darted out, licking her lip. "No," she whispered.

"Ask me to do all of that, and I'll stay the night."

A heartbeat of hesitation and-"Make love to me, Bastian."

He crushed her to him, lifting her up by her thighs as she wrapped her arms around him. He navigated his way to her bed and placed in her in the middle of it, settling his body on top of hers. He braced his elbows on either side of her as he simply gazed at the woman he loved and took in every little detail. The way her hair curled at the ends, the way her eyes were green and brown with tiny flecks of gold, the way her lips parted...the tiny freckle on her cheek. Her perfect for him br**sts with pink ni**les, the hour-glass curve of her waist, and the plump thighs that gave way to shapely legs.

His fantasy brought life by a deception he'd perpetrated, but he right now, at this moment, he refused to feel guilty.

"Why are you looking me like that?" she asked, starting up at him.

Because he would never get this moment back-the first time they made love. Maybe the only time. "Because you're beautiful."

Smiling, she ran her fingers down the side of his face. "So are you."

He couldn't help but smile back. He couldn't help but kiss her, soft and sweet at first, then fastening his mouth to hers, he became hungry, greedy. He tasted, took and gave. He felt her hands on his shirt, her fingers undoing the buttons and a gasp of surprise.

"Tattoos?"

"Yes."

"More in other places?" she asked between kisses.

He bit the soft flesh of her ear lobe. "Yes."

"Show me later?"

"Of course."

She pushed his shirt off his shoulders, and he undid his cuff-links one awkward hand at a time. His trousers were next to go, then his boxers, socks, and shoes. She wiggled out of her panties.

"Keep the shoes on," he ordered gently, and she blinked at him.

"Okay."

Not until they were touching, hip to hip, chest to chest, legs entwined with one another, did either of them speak.

"I have a confession," she said, not meeting his eyes.

"And that is?"

She began chewing on the inside of her cheek. "I suck in bed."

He nodded, nibbling on her bottom lip. "Men like that, I hear. As for me, I'm an enormous fan of sucking. "

Laughing, she lightly punched him in the shoulder. "That's not what I meant." Her laughter faded. "Glen said I sucked and he had another woman to compare me to."

"Did he suck in bed?" Sebastian asked lightly, though inside he wished he had cut off Glen's testicles and fed them to him.

"I don't know. He's the only guy I've ever been with," she said softly. "He didn't like to go places, so I thought that sucked."

He furrowed his brow. "Go what places?" God, this was hard, hearing about how much of an arse her ex-boyfriend had been. Hell, he was hard and trying to have a conversation was incredibly difficult. He wasn't a slave to lust, but his erection kept brushing at her dark curls. Her ni**les scraped at his chest and her hips cradled him perfectly. A dainty foot brushed at his ankle and he took a sustaining breath.

Her lashes flicked. "Down."

Though he caught her meaning, he played dumb and kissed her br**sts. "Here?" He teased the tip of one nipple. "Why would any man not want to suck and nibble on these very perfect pair of br**sts?"

She moaned, "Not there. Lower."

He kissed the underside of her br**sts, satiny skin scented in vanilla and honey. She tasted divine. Making a wet trail with his tongue, he navigated his way down her stomach, over to her hip, where he scraped his teeth and made her squirm.

Parted her delicate flesh with his thumbs, he blew lightly. She was swollen and pink. Wet. Hot. "This low enough?"

"Please."

"Don't ever beg me, Daisy," he growled. "This isn't a chore."

"Then do it."

"Do what?" He kissed a plump thigh. "Wash up the dishes?"

"No."

Another kiss, and then a teasing tip of his tongue to her very swollen clitoris. "Help you bake a cake?"

"Bastian, pl-now," she said, her body flushing and knees shaking. "Lick me."

"Here?" He nibbled a path up her neglected thigh and tongued a letter S there. "What about here?" Another lick. Oh so close this time to where she was parted-pink and wet for him. "I need very specific directions, love."

"Between where your thumbs are," she cried, her cheeks pinker than he'd ever seen as she watched him.

Giving her a wicked grin, he licked her slowly, leisurely. Savoring the tangy sweetness as she shook and moaned. He used his lips, tongue, and teeth to pleasure her.

"Bastian," she whimpered. "I don't know what to do with my hands."

"Put them on me, pull my hair...clutch at my shoulder." Another lick and she moaned his name again. He loved that sound. He loved her. "Nothing is wrong between us."

He placed his tongue against her clit and massaged it, then worked a single finger inside of her. Her inner muscles tried to push him out, but he was a patient man and he waited for more of her arousal to coat his finger. However, that didn't mean he couldn't help things along.

He sucked her swollen clit into his mouth and her hips jerked against him. This time when he pushed, his finger went deep and he groaned. Her thighs widened and her knees bent. He placed her legs on his shoulders.

Glancing up, he watched her eyes widen. "What are you-"

"Trust me. You'll like it this way," he said. "Be as loud or as quiet as you want." Then he lowered his mouth and started at the beginning.

She screamed and tugged on his hair as she shook. "Oh God...I'm going to-"

And she did, long and loudly. Music to his ears and his heart. He was pleasuring her, this woman he loved. He was giving her everything she needed, and she needed him.

"Inside me," she panted. "I need you inside me." Grabbing a condom from the drawer of the nightstand, she practically threw it at him. He opened the foil and rolled it on.

"You're pierced there?"

Peering at her, he grinned wickedly. "It appears so."

"I thought I felt something."

He grabbed the base of his erection and rubbed it against her. She fell back, her back arching and her thigh widening to accommodate him. "Ready?"

"Yes." She tugged at his shoulder, urging him on. Slowly, he entered her, the blunt head of him stretching her. She made a little noise, her face contorting slightly. "You're very big."

He kissed her nose. "And you're very tight." A quick roll of his hips and he was seated halfway inside. "Am I hurting you?"

Eyes glazed with passion blinked up at him. "Feels too good."

"No such thing." He withdrew a little and then thrust inside. Hard. She grabbed his shoulder and dug her nails into the skin. He hissed in pleasure. So much pleasure. So much everything.

Nothing had ever felt so good, and he didn't think it was only the physical aspect of it. No, he knew it was the emotional aspect. He was making love to Daisy.

She whispered his name, sex words, and how much she loved what he was doing. But not him. She didn't love him. She didn't know him.

It would have to suffice.

Instead of dwelling on what she didn't feel, he concentrated on what he could make her feel. He concentrated on her, on every sigh, every moan, and every flutter her lashes made. He rocked inside of her, rolling his hips... withdrawing and reentering with measured thrusts.

"Do you like this?" he asked. "Or this?"

"That." Her eyes went wide. "Oh God. I love that."

He lowered his head to the pillow, just beside hers, and breathed her in, his body at her command. And it felt so damn good to do it. It felt so damn good to feel her sweat slick skin sliding against his, her pants against his shoulder and her hands on his body. She stroked his back, grabbed his shoulders, and wrapped her legs around his waist, high heeled shoes scraping his ass.

"I think I have to come again," she said, bewilderment in her tone. "I'm sorry."

He lifted his head for a moment, keeping his body moving exactly how she wanted. "Then come. I can wait."

The beginnings of a sweet smile began to grace her lips, then he slipped his hand between them and rubbed her where she was wet and swollen.

Her mouth opened wide on a gasp. His name on her lips.

That was all he needed, his orgasm taking over, making him lose control, not caring about tempo or thrust. Just the nearly mindless pumping of his hips that had him shouting her name.

***

Daisy came back down to earth, like a feather floating on the breeze. She was boneless, sore, and satisfied. Unable to stop, she pressed kisses to her lover's neck and jaw. He smiled against her skin and rolled off her.

He hadn't been kidding when he said he wanted to make love to her, to focus on her pleasure...her everything. She'd never felt so loved. It was a little strange, if she had to be honest, because she knew Glen had loved her and she'd loved him, yet sex had never felt like this.

Sebastian did everything she liked, asked questions, and expected answers.

And the way he'd looked at her, the way he touched her...if she didn't know any better, she would have thought that he was sweet on her. Maybe even more than sweet...maybe-his fingers brushed hers and she felt him curl his hand over hers.

She smiled and closed her eyes, laying there beside him for what seemed like hours. It didn't matter that he didn't talk. Heck, she didn't feel like talking.

"Would you like to be held now or shall I dispose of the condom, first?" he asked and she turned her attention to him, his lickable tattooed chest and hard abs slowly rising and falling, while he stared up at the ceiling.

Pulling her hand away, she switched on the light beside the bed. "Uh."

"Or I can leave if you like." He sounded like he was ready to leave. He sounded like he'd lied to her about the whole heart-stopping, panty-melting let me make love to you speech.

Oh God. The realization of what she'd done hit her, making her body actually ache. She'd just slept with a man that she didn't know, the day after she'd been dumped, and oh yeah, he was paying her to be with him.

"Daisy?"

"You can do whatever," she said, trying to sound cool and calm while inside she raged and wanted to crawl into a hole for being so dumb. For being so unlike herself.

He turned to look at her, his face unreadable. "I think I've said something wrong, but I'm not sure what."

"It wasn't what you said; it was how you said it." She blew out a breath. "Okay, so it was what you said, too." She covered her eyes with a hand and waited for him to get up, but the bed didn't move. She peeked through her fingers. He still lay there, sexy as anything, staring at her.

"My confession: I suck at the what-to-do-after-sex part," he said solemnly. "If you would explain your preferences, I'd gladly put them in action."

Suddenly, all the doubt, all the anger, and all the self-loathing melted away, like a bowl of sorbet sitting in the summertime sun. "Well, it was nice when you held my hand." Immediately, he grabbed her hand again, and she smiled. "I bet you want to use my bathroom."

With a nod, he let go of her hand and rose from the bed.

Daisy had the pleasure of watching walk across her apartment, his stride purposeful, the large tattoo of his last name on his back rippling as he stretched along the way.

She sighed.

A minute later, he walked back to her, his body lickable no matter which way he was facing. And dear God, was he built. Everywhere. The piercing didn't hurt things at all. He paused at the foot of the bed. "Now what?"

In answer, she held her arms open. He practically jumped on the bed and gathered her to him as he asked, "Like this?"

"Perfect." She kissed him and rested her head on his chest, tracing the outline of a star tattoo. "Why don't you have one here?" She lightly touched the space over his heart.

"Out of respect," came his cryptic answer.

"Do your tattoos mean anything?" There were stars, skulls, knives, and words written in languages she couldn't read, beautiful but deadly looking.

His pale eyes found hers. "They mean I survived."

Chapter Sixteen

Sensing the need to change the subject, Daisy held up her hand and examined the ring Sebastian had given her. "This is very pretty."

"I'm glad you like it. Actually, I bought it with you in mind. The chocolate diamonds around the pink one in the center reminded me of bits of frosting."

"You did?" Astonished, she turned the ring this way and that way, examining it from every angle. "They do?"

"Yes," he softly, almost as though he was confessing a big secret.

"It's perfect for me."

Kissing her cheek, he began lightly rubbing her shoulder. "May I take you to London tomorrow, to meet my friends and... others?"

By others she knew he meant press and the ever ominous sounding Board of Romanov Industries. "I'd love to, but I don't have a passport."

"I'll take care of that, and every other expense." He exhaled. "I'll need you to stay for a couple of weeks.

Despite going to England being number one on her bucket list and his offer of paying for everything, she hesitated. "I still have my business to run."

"Can you reschedule?"

Honestly, she didn't have any clients for the next three weeks. "March is a slow month for me," she admitted.

"Can you pack everything you need tomorrow, while I take care of your passport, and be ready by six PM? We'll take off at seven." He rolled her under him and she was astonished to find him hard. "I know how we can spend the duration of the flight."

"I'm scared of flying," she whispered, even as her body responded to the slow caresses he'd started giving it.

His hand drifted lower, to between her thighs, and he slid a finger inside of her. She sucked in air. "I'll take very good care of you," he murmured, dipping his head to her chest. Using his teeth, he tugged on a nipple, and then swirled his tongue around it. "Say yes."

Another finger joined in, his thumb pressing on her clitoris and he sucked her nipple deep inside his hot mouth. "Yes."

***

Daisy woke to Sebastian gently shaking her shoulder. "We're starting our descent."

She blinked up at him, then yawned and rubbed her eyes. "What time is it?" Instead of him taking very good care of her, she'd ended up taking a sleeping pill and crashed on his couch about thirty minutes into the flight. The last thing she remembered talking about was the Church of St. Clemmons.

"Four-thirty AM your time. Nine-thirty mine," he said with a rueful grin. "Sorry."

"That's okay." The plane bounced, and then slowed as it taxied on the runway. Pressing her nose against the closest window, she took in the sight of Heathrow Airport. "It seems like I just got on the plane."

"While for me, it was endless torture of you humming in your sleep," he said and she turned to face him, giving him a come-on look

"Humming in my sleep?" she asked. "You're so full of it."

"Don't believe me, eh?" He unbuckled his seatbelt and joined her on the sofa. "I videoed you with my mobile." His thumb glided over the screen of his cell.

Her mouth fell open. There she lay, alternately mumbling and humming in her sleep. "That's so wrong."

"Agreed," he said and she lightly punched him in the shoulder as he pocketed his cell. "Watch it. Very fragile equipment could be damaged."

"Oops." Splaying her fingers, she admired her pretty ring. "Sorry, I'll be more careful with your jewelry."

Taking her hand, he kissed the tip of each finger. "I meant these."

"Oh," she breathed, so charmed by him that she couldn't think of anything else to say.

"Come here, beautiful," he said with a smile. She scrambled to him, throwing her arms around his neck.

"You're not worried about me messing up your suit?"

"There's enough starch in this to withstand even your pawing," he said dryly, and then pressed a kiss onto the top of her head.

She narrowed her eyes. "Better watch it. Or else."

A familiar, smug look came over him, one she called his I'm-the-earl-and-you-must-quiver-before-me look. Only she quivered for entirely different reasons. "Else what?"

"No. More. Cupcakes. For. You."

"Cruel, Miss Barnes. Doing away with my daily cupcake ration is in violation of the Geneva Conventions."

She arched a brow. "Seriously?"

"I am always serious, darling," he said with a frown, but his eyes twinkled as he lifted her from his lap and stood. "Ah, the limo is here. Customs first though."

"Oh. I have something to tell you," she said. "Someone claiming to be your mother has been emailing me and wanting to know-"

He grabbed her wrist, squeezing. "What did you say?"

"Nothing." Daisy stepped into him, tracing the pattern of his tie with the fingers of her free hand. His grip lessened, but the look on his face chilled her. "I blocked her as spam, but I thought you'd want to know."

"I'll have your email account monitored." He pulled his cell from his pocket.

"No."

Thumb frozen over the screen, he blinked at her. "Sorry?"

"Emails are private, unless you'd let me monitor yours," she said, letting her arm fall and pulling her wrist out of his grasp. She grabbed her purse as the plane came to a stop.

"Out of the question," he snapped before nodding at the flight attendant to open the door to the plane.

They descended the stairs, and with every step, Sebastian's stance became more rigid. When he paused at the bottom to offer her his hand, she almost stumbled at what she saw. Face tight, eyes like glaciers and a little sneer in his upper lip.

"Are you okay?" she asked softly, then slipped her hand in his, or tried to. He directed her fingers to his elbow, like they were at a fancy party.

He paused. "Look, in Holland Springs, I was more...relaxed than usual."

Her mouth dropped open slightly. He'd been relaxed? "Is that why you won't hold my hand?"

"We're not in nursery school, darling," he said as custom officers came to them, with their equipment and questions.

Hurt rose inside of her, swift and deep. What did nursery school have to do with hand holding? And where had the man whose lap she'd sat in on the plane gone? The man who had said that Jules Westmoreland-wait a minute...How did he know Jules' last name?

Her diamond flashed along with the unmistakable click of cameras, pulling her out of her thoughts.

Oh, yeah, the man she'd slept with was her fake fiance. Emphasis on the word fake.

He'd placed her hand directly in the line of sight for the paparazzi watching them. She couldn't forget that. No matter how amazing the sex, how charming or sweet he could be to her, (and apparently only in private or back home), this relationship of theirs wouldn't last.

They didn't speak again, until they were in the limo, and that was only to inform her where they would be going first-his house in Mayfair on Berkley Square. Then his phone rang and for the next three minutes, she listened with half an ear to his conversation, then directed her attention to what was outside her window.

The limo practically flew past pastures, then streets, houses, and shops. A traffic snarl and his sudden silence had her fiddling with her engagement ring.

"Daisy," he began. "I'm sorry I hurt your feelings, but-"

She held up a hand, then lowered it and took a deep breath. "You can't apologize then qualify it with a 'but'. It makes it meaningless."

"I rarely apologize."

Tilting her head to one side, she frowned. "Is that supposed to make me feel special?"

His lips thinned before he went straight back to work on his phone. She sighed and lurched forward, then back against the leather seat when the limo took a left. She heard a sharp crack and part of her bun went all loose.

"Dang it," she said as she tried to fix her hair. Unfortunately, she came back with half a chopstick. The light green ones were her lucky pair. She pulled out the other one and tucked them in her purse. Guess they weren't so lucky anymore.

Sebastian cleared his throat and she glanced up at him. He held his hand over his phone. "Sorry, but could you keep it down? I'm on a very important conference call."

Her phone vibrated in her coat pocket and she fished for it, snagging it with the tips of her fingers. Better to answer that than him, because she did not have very nice things to say.

Isabella: Sunny in the tropics.  How are things with S?

Her frown gave way to a real smile. Isabella had added a picture of herself posing by the pool with a couple of hot lifeguards.

Daisy: Fine. Making friends, I see. ;)

Isabella: Yep, from yesterday. Ack! Why are you up?

Daisy: I'm in London with the earl of crap apologies. Why are you up?

Isabella: Getting ready for bed. Don't judge. Plane leaves early tomorrow. Also, London??? Crap apologies???

Daisy: Not even. Did you ever mention Jules's last name to Sebastian?

Isabella: No.

Daisy: K. Maybe Zoe did. Anyway, be safe. Will email you all the details later. K?

Isabella: Fine. *pouts* Better be some juicy ones! Xoxo

Daisy: Night. Xoxo

"At least someone is making you smile," Sebastian said and Daisy jerked her head up.

"How did you know Jules' last name was Westmoreland?" she asked.

Before he could answer, the limo came to a stop. A doorman rushed over and opened the car door. Guess she'd have to ask him again later. She shivered in the cold morning, glancing up at the imposing building. "Is this your house?"

He placed one foot out of the limo, and then paused. "No, I'm headed to work. Henshaw will see you to Number Forty-Eight."

"You're just leaving me alone? In a place I've never been before? Without friends or family? Or-"

"Christ, Daisy. Calm down. You're in London, not some third world country." He got out of the car and bent down slightly. "See you for dinner tonight." His cold eyes travelled over her. "Consider something different than what you'd usually wear."

The door shut, while her mouth dropped open. "I'm totally cutting you off from cupcakes and me," she finally managed, watching through the tinted glass as he walked away.

That was not well done of him.

Sebastian pressed the button for the top floor and waited, mentally berating himself. Would it have hurt to see her home himself? Or even to have spent the day with her, showing her around London?

She'd talked non-stop about all the places she wanted to go before falling asleep mid-sentence. Tourist traps, the lot of them. However, he could have taken the time with her, playing the part of fantastically in love man while actually being a fantastically in love man.

However, there was work to be done. The multiple phone calls he'd received had reminded him of that. It was familiar. Purposeful. Nothing had changed there.

Romanov Industries still needed him, even if he had been voted out. He was still the go-to guy. Years of grooming by his father had seen to that.

Perfection, drive, and a firm dedication to the family business were top priorities. Little time spent pursuing anything else, unless it benefitted Romanov.

So polo matches and football teams were turned from great fun into business deals. Though he did love to win, and win often he did. Consideration, of course, was always given to the Princes. Never play better than Royalty does, even if you're on the same team.

The lift doors opened and he stepped out. "Ah, there you are, Mr. Romanov," his secretary said, blackberry in hand.

Striding towards his office, he nodded at his office staff. "Cancel my six o'clock meeting with Meldinski. Reschedule for tomorrow at nine," Sebastian said as they entered his office. The first thing he had done after his father had passed was to move Romanov Industries to this block of Berkley Square. All ten thousand square feet of fully staffed modern and classic office space.

"Very good, sir. I'll leave you to your tea." His secretary quit the room.

A butler brought in a tray of tea and scones, placing it on a table near the window. Routine. Efficiency. Thank God for it.

Though as he bit into one, he couldn't help but compare it to Daisy's sweets. Maybe he could get her to try making some for him.

He made a noise. Doubtful, since he'd royally mucked things up. The butler would sooner tap dance his way out of Sebastian's office.

Perhaps he should offer an olive branch. He pulled his mobile out of his pocket.

You may take a nap in any bedroom you choose -S Especially his, he wanted to add, but didn't.

Less than a minute later came her reply: That's so generous of you ~D

Yep, he was an ass, and he had to think of an explanation for how he knew Jules's last name. He was pretty damn sure she wouldn't go for his Zoe told me, and he suspected she'd already quizzed Isabella about it.

Pocketing his phone, he exhaled.

A discreet knock on his office door and it opened. His best mate, Liam Stewart, strode in with a grim look on his face.

"Sebastian."

"Hullo, Liam."

"Cancel whatever plans you have for the next day and a half, we've meetings with Liang Technologies and need to prepare."

Successful negotiations with the Hong Kong based company would greatly improve his standings with the Board. "Of course." Guilt pricked at him like sharp needles of a cactus. He would have to find something for Daisy to do while he closed this deal. "Is Verity in the country?"

Liam shook his head. "Left this morning. Why?"

Sebastian set down his cup of tea. "Thought she could spend time with Daisy, maybe give her a tour of all the tourist traps."

"I forgot about your fiancee." Liam poured himself a cup of tea, adding sugar and a lemon. "Have her taken to The Hall, or the dowager's house. Your mother would be thrilled to meet-"

"Meet my mother? You can't be serious."

"Do you want to be President again or not?"

Sebastian clenched his jaw. "My mother has been emailing Daisy, which made my fiancee uncomfortable." That was putting it mildly. She'd seemed genuinely upset and had handled his asinine response with her usual finesse and sweetness, until he'd refused to hold her hand. Something so simple, yet he'd been so furious he didn't trust himself to touch her again.

"Shall I have her email monitored?"

It was on the tip of his tongue to say yes, but he couldn't. He wouldn't violate Daisy privacy or ignore her wishes. "No need. She sent the woman to spam." A smile kicked up the corners of his mouth. "Imagine, Lady Francesca, eldest daughter of the Duke of Everham, denied entry into an inbox."

"Then it's settled." Liam grinned, his dark eyes crinkling at the corners. "When do I get to meet this Daisy of yours?"

Daisy of yours? Sebastian picked up his cup of tea again. He liked the sound of it. His Daisy. "Shall we get everyone together at G.R.'s to celebrate my engagement and successful negations?"

"Positive visualization-I like it." Liam finished his tea and set it down on the tray. He straightened his tie. "Let me pop down to my office, get the paperwork we need on my end, and meet you in conference room three in about fifteen minutes."

Sebastian moved to his desk, clicked on Outlook, and began to read his emails. "See you then." Liam exited the room, the door closing with a soft click.

Ten minutes had passed before he remembered he needed to inform Daisy of his plans. God, she was going to be furious with him, possibly hurt. Although she was already mad enough at him not to even care if she didn't see him for a couple of days.

Still...

Change of plans. You'll need to find something to do today, tonight, and most of tomorrow. Dinner with my friends has been moved to Wednesday night at seven thirty. I have business meetings that cannot be missed. Shall I arrange a tour for you?-S

There. He'd informed her of his plans and now she could make her own, with any help from him she needed.

Chapter Seventeen

Daisy stared at Sebastian's latest text. Was he serious? He was going to leave her alone for the next two days? To do what? Oh yeah, take a tour he would arrange for her.

Bless his heart.

No thank you. Have fun at your playdate. Tell the other dictators I said hi and you suck. ~D

Crap. Not he sucked, which he did, but the other guys. Not you suck, btw. They suck. ~D

>:-S

Whether or not he meant to be funny, she wasn't sure.

The maid showed her to one of the six guestrooms in the five-story mansion. Another servant, dressed in a dark suit, brought up her suitcases and set them on a low dresser.

"Shall I unpack for you, ma'am?" the maid asked with a smile.

Daisy returned her smile. "No, thank you. But could you tell me what's the best way to tour London?"

"Sorry, but I wouldn't know, ma'am."

"Thanks anyway," Daisy said as the maid left the room.

Sighing, Daisy padded to one of several windows overlooking a green square with several huge trees, heavy with green leaves. Men, women, and families walked around. A few gathered in small clusters in the shade of the trees.

Maybe she could join them.

The nap she thought she had to have was replaced by the thrill of being in a foreign land, doing foreign things, and loving every minute of it.

"Conquer the bucket list," she sang.

After taking care of her most pressing needs, she grabbed her coat and purse, and headed downstairs. Just as she opened the front door, the bodyguard she'd met in Holland Springs intercepted her.

"Where are you going?" he asked, his accent thick. Russian, she'd bet.

She smiled. "To the park across the street, and then who knows?"

"I have to know." Leather creaked as he crossed his arms.

Her smile faded. "I can't just explore and see where the day takes me?"

"No."

"Oh." She tried again. "But-"

"Mr. Romanov would fire me, if I let you go...exploring."

Well, she didn't want to get the man fired and she understood that here things would be different. Like Sebastian had been. But understanding and actually experiencing were two very different things. "Okay. Well, I guess I'll figure out my itinerary and give it to you." So much for spontaneity.

He nodded once. "And clear it with Mr. Romanov."

Clear it? Like she had to have his approval? She opened her mouth to argue again.

"Mr. Romanov values your safety above his own. He left me here with you, instead of Boris."

"You're better than Boris?"

"Da. I trained Boris."

Though she knew she shouldn't be swayed by that, she felt the tiniest bit of anger and resentment slip away. "Then shouldn't he be just as good as you?"

His jaw worked. "I'm still the teacher and he's still the student."

Well, she couldn't argue with that logic. "It would have been nice to have been told all this ahead of time."

"Da. Make your plans, Countess."

"I'm not a countess." She never would be.

"You will be." His mouth twitched. A smile maybe? "I'll take you where you want to go. Mr. Romanov left a credit card for you to use."

"Okay." Her heart felt heavy as she jogged back up the stairs and walked inside her room. Pulling out her phone, one that Sebastian had equipped with a new sim card, she began searching for and saving all the places she wanted to see.

Ten minutes later, she'd made her list and texted it to Sebastian, since she didn't have his email address.

Have fun -S

I will. Your bodyguard's a riot. ~D

I don't pay Ivan to be funny. I pay him to keep you safe -S

You paid me to be your fiancee, which meant spending time with you, not your bodyguard. ~D

And why are we still ending our texts with our initials? I know it's you. You know it's me. ~ D

>:-S

Setting her purse on the dresser, she removed her wallet and stuck it, along with her phone, into her coat pocket. Determined to make the most of her trip, she marched to the door, down the hallway and the stairs, calling out Ivan's name when she reached the bottom floor.

The enormous bodyguard appeared, sunglasses on, weapon concealed, and leather coat creaking. "Where to first, Countess?"

"The Tower," she said as he opened her door. "I want to see if they have any vacancies."

***

It was nearly midnight when Sebastian arrived home. He trudged up the stairs, rubbing the back of his neck. For the time being, everything was going according to plan. Liang Technology wanted to do business with Romanov Industries. The details merely had to be worked out. But the devil usually cropped up in those, so he had to be wary and hire his own translators to make sure the agreement would be profitable for both companies.

He blinked, his jaw cracking on a yawn. He needed to sleep and check on Daisy. The report from Ivan said they'd visited the Palace today and the Tower. Though he hadn't needed one from his bodyguard.

Oh no.

Daisy had texted him at every opportunity, usually with a picture attached. His favorite was of The Tower, her standing beside it and holding a sign that read, Vacancy. Earls Only.

God love her.

A grin kicked up the corners of his mouth as he made his way down the hall to his room. Perhaps he could find a way to have breakfast with her in the morning.

The soft glow of light from one of his guestroom caught his attention and he strode to the door. Knocking softly, it swung open.

"Daisy?" he called out, then stepped inside and found her asleep in bed, arms and legs sprawled. Black lashes fanned her cheeks and all her gorgeous hair confined in a fat braid, bright colors weaving in and out.

An odd pang hit him. He'd missed her, he realized. He'd truly missed spending the day with her. Tomorrow evening he would make it up to her, and then spend the rest of her stay making it up to her.

Only he had to get through these negotiations first. He rubbed the back of his neck. There was always something interfering with his best-laid plans. He flicked his gaze to her sleeping form, highlighted by moonlight. Or by someone.

Leaning down, he pulled the covers up to her shoulders, turned off the bedside lamp, and tucked an errant curl behind her ear. "Good night," he whispered.

Daisy made a small noise, her eyes blinking sleepily. "Sebastian?"

Now was his chance. He could apologize properly. "I'm sorry for being such an arse to you. You didn't deserve it and I hope you'll find a way to forgive me," he murmured.

"Hmpf. You only want my cupcakes. Off with your head," she said with a frown on her full lips.

He bit the inside of his cheek to stop himself from laughing. "I'll try again later, my queen of hearts."

She turned over with a huff, presenting him with the back of her head. Though he wanted to kiss her, he refrained. Instead he stood and shoved his hands in his pockets. With a great sigh, he left her room.

***

"You're who again?" Daisy asked, unable not to stare at the woman she'd been summoned to meet in the first floor reception room.

Sweeping off her hat, the tall woman with hair the color of coffee beans smiled. "I'm Kate von Lichtenstein, a close friend of the Romanovs, and I've come to take you shopping."

Dear God, she'd been right. Every woman in England had been named Kate.

"Sebastian sent you to help me pick out a new wardrobe?" Daisy asked. Was she supposed to start dressing like this chick? Not that she would mind, really. Kate's dress was gorgeous and...Daisy peered more closely at her. Kate looked really familiar.

Unfortunately, Daisy's mind blanked when she tried to place her face. Mostly because she'd just woken up thirty minutes ago, after a restless night of sleep, and hadn't eaten breakfast yet. She hadn't seen Sebastian this morning either. Guess he wasn't ready to apologize to her again when she wasn't half-asleep, or explain himself.

Earlier, Ivan had informed her that Mr. Romanov had come home at midnight, then left again at five. His normal hours. There was nothing normal about working a body to death. And for the first time since they'd arrived, a big part of her had felt sorry for him. Romanov Industries was all he had left of his family.

"Not precisely." Kate's gaze skittered and her smile fell away.

Now this was interesting. "Would Sebastian be happy if I went with you?"

Kate's shoulders dropped a little. "Not precisely."

Even more interesting. Maybe Kate could give her some tips about what to wear to dinner tonight. And right now, the last thing she wanted to do was to make Sebastian happy. Although she wasn't setting out to make him unhappy. Heck, she wasn't even that mad at him anymore. He'd apologized and this was his life. She was only his fake fiancee.

"Perhaps this wasn't such a great idea, after all," Kate said.

Grabbing Kate's hand, she gave it a little squeeze. "We're totally going shopping. Right after I eat breakfast."

Daisy and Kate made their way down High Street, window shopping, until Kate found the perfect shop and pulled Daisy inside.

"Champagne, please," Kate called out to the sales clerk, and then she turned to Daisy "Let me see your ring."

"It's a pink and chocolate diamond," Daisy said, not really knowing how much she should share about her engagement, as she held it out for Kate's inspection. "Sebastian said he thought I'd like it, because the diamonds around the middle looked like bits of frosting."

Kate's assessing gaze found hers. "Did he now?"

"Yes."

"Lovely."

Daisy let her hand fall. She adjusted one of her chopsticks and looked around the shop. She blinked, twice. "Kate," she loudly whispered. "Where are the price tags?"

"The future Countess of Spenserfield has no need to concern herself with price tags," Kate informed her. She passed her a glass of champagne and held up her glass. "Cheers."

Belatedly remembering the black American Express card Sebastian had left for her, Daisy smashed her lips together. Yep, she was fitting right in.

Awesome.

Lifting her glass to Kate, she copied her, and then drank the entire thing.

"Would you like another?" Kate asked, jade-colored eyes wide.

Daisy hiccupped. "No."

"Why do you call him Sebastian instead of his nickname?"

"You get right to the point, don't you?" Daisy smiled. "Sebastian must love having you for a friend."

Kate seemed to flinch when Daisy had said love, but she wasn't really sure. "Bastian loves many things, but none of them include me." She grabbed a dress off the rack and held it up to Daisy. "This would be perfect for your first dinner out together."

"You think I should wear this tonight?" Daisy wasn't sure. The dress was a little old fashioned, the pattern heavy and not at all her style. The most it had going for it was that it looked elegant, but she didn't want to embarrass Sebastian or herself.

"Bastian would love it on you."

"Are you sure? I don't want to wear the wrong thing, but this dress is-"

Kate made a noise of dismissal. "Trust me." Smiling, she took a sip of champagne. "Now, tell me all about how the two of you met."

Daisy panicked. She and Sebastian hadn't really been over this. Why hadn't they been over this? "We met Christmas before last, when he came to town to see Rose Holland."

Kate's brows shot up. "The two of you started dating, then?" she asked sharply.

"No."

"But you said-"

"You asked how we met, not when we started dating," Daisy pointed out.

Kate blinked, her cheeks coloring little. "So I did."

"We ah...the next time I saw him, he...We fell in love, just like that." Daisy snapped her fingers. "Next thing I know, he's proposing and I said yes."

"Sebastian Romanov spontaneously proposed to you?"

"Yes," she said, trying to sound convincing. Lying had never been something she'd been good at doing. "It was very romantic."

"Romantic?" Kate's jade-colored eyes narrowed. "Are you quite sure we're talking about the same man?"

"Y-yes," Daisy said, starting for the counter with the dress. Ivan waited near the register, and she breathed a sigh of relief.

"Countess?" His gaze swept the area before settling on Daisy.

"After I pay for this, I'll be ready to go back home," she said, walking faster. A light pressure on her arm made her pause.

"I'm sorry, Daisy. I'm being rather horrid to you, all in the name of protecting my friend," Kate said. "Please don't go. Let's spend the rest of the day getting to know one another, and perhaps in the future, the two of us could be good friends as well."

In the not-so-distant future, Daisy and Sebastian would no longer be engaged. Would Kate want to be her good friend after that? She didn't want to be rude, but she was pretty sure that one of two things would happen as the day wore on:

One: She would snap at Kate, because she was grumpy and tired, and not in the mood for twenty questions.

Two: She would discover that Kate was in love with Sebastian, which he obviously didn't return, since he hadn't asked Kate to be his fiancee. Or worse, he didn't know Kate loved him. Then she'd feel lower than low for lying about everything.

"Look, I'm not in the best mood right now. I'm tired and grumpy. How about you come to dinner with us, instead?" Daisy gave the woman a gentle smile. "I'll text you when I find out the place and time."

Kate considered her offer for a moment. "You're going to G.R.'s-Sebastian personally knows the man. Text me the time when you get a chance." Leaning in, Kate bussed Daisy cheek. "So very nice to meet you."

Sebastian knew G.R., too? Wasn't this a small world.

A wave of dread washed over Daisy. Something wasn't right. Sebastian needed to explain how he knew Jules's last name.

She could ask Kate, but she was afraid of the answers she'd get. Instead, she waved good-bye and watched Kate leave the store.

By tonight, after dinner-she could give him that long-, Sebastian had better be ready to tell her everything.

Fishing her phone out of her purse, she wavered on contacting Jules, then...

I miss you.

***

Sebastian's other phone buzzed and he picked it up, reading the text Daisy had sent to Jules. Closing his eyes, he leaned back his chair and pinched the bridge of his nose.

She missed him.

Even after the email Jules had sent her, even after the night she'd shared with him, Daisy still wanted Jules. How in the hell could he compete with an online version of himself?

She thought him to be stiff, formal, arrogant, and unyielding. He was those things, but those few adjectives weren't the entire sum of his parts. There was so much more to his personality he was dying to show her, but fear held him back. The fear she'd discover he was a fraud and would think he'd been playing with her emotions all along.

He guessed it was time to pay the piper, and tell her the truth. She deserved the truth. She deserved the best of everything, even if the best didn't include him anymore.

Texting his driver, he made his way to the parking garage underneath the building, slipped inside his car and nearly fell into the backseat, after Boris closed the door behind him. He was exhausted, mentally and physically.

Tonight he would wine and dine Daisy, introduce her to his best mate, his friends, and G.R. Later when she was happy, rested, and hopefully comfortable, he would tell her the truth.

Decision made, he headed home, heart heavy.

Yet as he strode inside, anticipation flowed through him. The earth tilted on its axis, his palms grew damp, and his breathing became erratic. Daisy glided down the stairs in a lovely coat that hid her dress from him, but not her shapely legs. Her hair was styled in an elegant up-do.

Yet, she felt nothing for him. Only Jules.

She smiled, her pretty eyes crinkling at the corners, and he stopped thinking about her feelings for Jules. Hell, he stopped thinking at all.

"Hi," she said, coming to a stop a couple of feet in front of him. "You look nice."

His heart skipped a beat. "Thank you." Then he noticed the three-inch heels she wore and his gut clinched. "I brought you something." He procured the rectangular box from his suit jacket and held it out. "Wear them tonight."

Annoyance flashed in those hazel eyes. "Yes, milord." She dropped him a curtsy and took the box. "May I open it now, or should I wait for you to count to three first?"

He deserved that, he supposed, for his high-handedness. "You may open it whenever you like." Of course, that was so much better.

She placed a hand over her heart. "Thank you for giving me permission."

Rocking back on his heels, he clenched his jaw. This was not how he envisioned tonight. "Daisy-"

"I'm sorry," she said, still holding on the box from Bulgari. "You came bearing gifts of apology and I'm went all grumpy cat on you."

He almost laughed, but would she believe Sebastian knew anything about that damn cat? Not likely. "What in God's name is 'grumpy cat'?"

"Hold this." After giving him back the unopened box, she whipped out her phone, thumbs flying over the screen. "Take a look."

Their fingers brushed as they traded phone for box. Briefly their eyes met, sparks of want in her gaze. "Now will you open my gift for you?" he asked, his voice hoarse.

"Yes."

At that moment, he wished he'd asked an entirely different question that could elicit that exact response. Something along the lines of-Do you want to skip dinner and head straightaway to bed, with me?

He turned his attention to her phone. While he perused pictures of the especially unhappy looking cat, she opened the box. "Honestly, I fail to see what this cat has to be so grumpy about. He has his picture taken on a daily basis, inside mind you, and seems to be well-fed."

"These are beautiful," she breathed, paying no mind at his failed attempt at humor. "I didn't think you noticed I'd broken my lucky pair."

How could he not notice everything about her? "I'm quite good at multi-tasking."

"Will you put them in?" Turning, she waited for him, but all he could do was stare in horror at her hair. All the colors were gone, stripped from the ends. "Do you like my new 'do'?"

"It's very pretty." His hands shook as he carefully placed the diamond and jade chopsticks in her elegant bun. "Done," he said and she whirled around, her eyes dancing in excitement.

"Why didn't you tell me we were going to G.R.'s restaurant?"

Why had she changed her hair color? "I didn't think it was important," he said as they walked arm in arm to the waiting car. Had she got it in her head that he didn't like her hair? All over his consider wearing something different remark. If she had, he was going to shave his head in mourning.

"Not important? It's G.R.!" she said, getting in the car. "He's world famous."

"If I had known you were such a fan, then I would have arranged for a private dinner for the two of you," he said dryly as he joined her. The door closed behind him and the car merged into traffic. "Instead you'll have to settle for me and a few of my friends. Maybe I can get G.R. to make an appearance."

"I don't want dinner with G.R., I want cooking classes." She unbuttoned her coat and placed her hands in her lap, fingers clutching at a small purse.

"You're already a fantastic cook, Daisy."

Smiling at him, she fiddled with the beading on her purse. "Thank you, but I want to be even better. I love learning new techniques and dishes. Once I get them down, I try to put my own spin on it. But sometimes, you can't improve perfection."

He gazed at her, taking in her smile, her beautiful face, her sexy body, and every inch of perfection that was Daisy Barnes. "Indeed you cannot."

They both grew quiet and he was content just to ride with her, breath in the scent of vanilla and honey that she hadn't changed, unlike her hair. He frowned. Maybe he could persuade her to change it back.

He heard a distinctive click, then another. Slicing his gaze to her, he found Daisy opening and closing the purse in her hands. She stared straight ahead, her brow wrinkled. The closer they got to the restaurant, the faster the purse clicked open and shut.

"Daisy," he began.

"Sorry, I'll stop. I know it's annoying, but-"

"You're not annoying me." Holding out his hand, he said, "Take my hand."

She looked from his hand to his face, then back at his hand again. Her hazel gaze returned to his face, pretty eyes widening.

"Please."

Slowly, her fingers laced his and he pulled her hand to his mouth, brushing the knuckles with his lips. He let their joined hands settle in his lap and she scooted closer to him. The purse remained closed the rest of the way.

***

Dinner was exactly what Sebastian expected-his closest mates joking and laughing, giving him an extraordinarily hard time about the engagement.

However, Daisy wasn't anything like he expected-she remained by his side, quiet and thoughtful. Speaking only when spoken to and in almost a subservient manner, like everyone there was her better. Sure his mates consisted of aristocracy and business moguls, but they were a relaxed, down-to-earth group. He was the only outlier, but supposed every circle of friends had one.

"Are you okay?" he asked softly as the majority of their group ambled over to the bar. Only his closest mate, Liam, and Kate Von Lichtenstein remained. Sebastian really wasn't sure who'd invited her.

Daisy's fork froze halfway to her mouth. "Fine. The food is delicious." Then she set her fork down on the side of her plate, her hand hovering for a minute before she placed it in her lap.

"I thought the food was delicious."

"It is."

"Then why aren't you eating?"

Kate and Liam laughed at a picture on his cell phone, and then toasted one another. Really, what was she doing here and with Liam of all people? It didn't make sense. Besides, Liam was engaged, though his fiancee was on a photo shoot in Spain or Italy at the moment, and completely faithful to the woman. And Kate wasn't one to go after men who were already taken.

He narrowed his eyes at the pair.

A soft intake of breath. "Because...I don't know."

"Oh my goodness, Liam, the ring is gorgeous. Bigger than your fiancee, really. What did Verity's parents say when you two broke the news?" Kate gushed in her usual way. "I'm dying to know."

Liam laughed. "They were pleased. And Verity said to remind you that you are the only woman allowed to accompany me about town while she's away."

Snatching Liam's phone, Kate grinned. "Let me text your soon-to-be bride and assure her that I will keep a keen eye on her soon-to-be groom."

Ah, so Liam had invited her, with Verity's blessing. Sebastian relaxed. Now that made sense. He grinned at Kate. "Tell Verity you are keeping all the birds away from Liam, with your intimidating scowl."

Kate winked at Sebastian.

Sebastian winked back.

Daisy drew in a shuddering breath.

All through dinner, it seemed he couldn't keep his eyes off Kate, the woman that had supposedly given her great fashion advice and wanted to be great friends.

Daisy pleated the napkin in her lap, and then moved on to her dress. An overwhelming urge to stand up and walk out came over her, but she remained firmly seated, even when Sebastian joined Liam and Kate.

Sebastian's blond head bent close to Kate's dark one. They made a beautiful couple, so striking and fashionable...and English! While she sat there, like some poor cousin, all alone and feeling sorry for herself, in a dress that itched and hair that felt like it had been shellacked to her head. The sales clerk at the dress shop had recommended the hair salon.

If only Jules-she struck that thought from her brain. Jules no longer existed. She would have to deal with that fact. He hadn't answered her last text, and thankfully, she'd stopped herself from texting him thirty more times.

With that last thought, she excused herself and headed to the bathroom, intent on texting Isabella. Mercifully, it was mostly empty in the powder room. She sat in a plush chair and began to open her purse.

"There you are, Daisy," Kate said, sailing through the leather and gold studded door, all smiles, as if she hadn't been flirting with Sebastian. "I haven't been able to get a word with you."

Maybe that's because you've been too busy flirting with my fiance, Daisy thought grimly. Not that she should care. She and Sebastian were pretend, no matter the very real feelings he'd stirred inside of her when he'd put-okay, so those thoughts were off limits too.

"That's okay." Kate took the seat beside her. "What did Sebastian think of tonight's ensemble?"

"He said my hair looked pretty." His compliment had sounded strained, like he hadn't meant it.

Daisy glanced at Kate, at her perfectly coiffed hair and perfectly tailored outfit that looked nothing like the one she'd picked out for Daisy. Kate was all High Street fashion while Daisy was evening strip-mall formalwear. Maybe the woman had tricked her and had been secretly making fun of her by dressing her in some overdone, itchy material meant for a woman three times her age.

"Is that all?"

"Yes."

Kate frowned. "The outfit was perfect for him."

"Then maybe he should have worn it."

The dark-haired woman laughed. "Well, at least one outfit in your arsenal is guaranteed to stun him. I think you should wear the mint green Valentino to tomorrow evening's gala. It was in the slew of dresses I had sent over as an apology."

Daisy wouldn't touch anything in her "arsenal". Mint green Valentino or not. Sebastian's favorite color or not. "I'll keep that in mind."

"Have I done something dreadful?" Kate's brows drew together and there was concern in her pale green eyes. Eyes that the Valentino dress matched perfectly. Eyes that matched Sebastian's favorite color perfectly.

Daisy's stomach dropped to her manicured toes. "Who are you to Sebastian?" she asked bluntly.

"Merely a family friend, like I told you," Kate insisted, but her gaze skittered away, like before.

"And?"

"We grew up together, our fathers were business associates and... Daisy, I think you might get the wrong impression if I tell you the rest."

"You're still in love with him," Daisy said, hoping against hope she was wrong. Hoping against hope that her memory hadn't just kicked in and she was imaging that she had seen pictures of Sebastian and Kate together, arm and arm.

Kate's porcelain complexion pinkened. "It doesn't matter how I feel anymore, because he's in love with you now."

Oh God. Sebastian wasn't in love with her at all, but she couldn't tell Kate that, could she? Daisy jumped to her feet, all at once embarrassed and angry. "Maybe it would be better if we don't hang out anymore." Mostly because Daisy would feel like a fraud the entire time.

"Wait!" Kate cried out, standing and rushing over to her. "I completely respect your boundaries and I'll stay away, but I want you to know...no, I need you to understand that I wanted to help you this evening and your entire stay, with your clothes and everything I could think of, because he does mean something to me. I enjoyed spending time with you as well, and I can see why he loves you."

Frozen to the spot, Daisy stared at the woman. Something along the lines of "Ah...uh..." came from her mouth.

"Right, then. Please treat him well. He works too hard. Make him have a little fun. He needs some fun in his life." Kate hugged her, and then left the room.

She gazed around the ornate bathroom, at the burgundy walls infused with gold veins, and the large mirrors with ornate black frames. Her reflection stared back, eyes wide and face pale. She didn't recognize the woman in the mirror.

The vision wavered.

She wanted to go home.

Chapter Eighteen

"Are you mental?" Liam asked, his dark eyes scanning the room.

Sebastian made a face. "It was your brilliant plan, remember?"

"Not Daisy. She's lovely, beautiful, and charming."

Of course she was, Sebastian thought, but he wasn't too keen on his friend noticing. "Then who?"

His friend slashed a hand through the air. "Her."

"Her who?" Sebastian signaled for the server to bring the check.

Liam set down his drink. "Kate, your ex-girlfriend. Did you honestly think it was a good idea to have the woman who wanted to marry you in the same room, dining at the same table, as the woman who is supposedly marrying you?"

"Hang on a minute, "Sebastian said, leaning forward. "I thought you invited Kate?"

"What gave you that impression?"

"You did."

"I did?"

"Yes, you did."

"How did I give you that impression?"

Good God, they were quickly becoming the X Factor's Ant and Dec. Sebastian took a deep breath and tried again. "The texts from Verity about Kate accompanying you around town."

Shaking his head, Liam gave him a wry smile. "According to Kate, your fiancee invited her to dinner, with your expressed approval. They went shopping together this afternoon."

"Oh, f**k me." Practically leaping to his feet, Sebastian strode off in the direction Daisy had gone.

She met him halfway, her face pale. "I want to go home."

"Of course," he murmured, taking her by the arm. "Did someone-" Jesus, he was a coward and an idiot for not warning her, for not blurting out the truth before now.-"say something to hurt your feelings?"

A slight hesitation and his heart sank. "No. I'm just tired, is all. Some of us aren't used to jetting around the world."

Relieved, he grinned. There was his Daisy. "Let me pay the check and we'll be on our way."

***

The car ride to his home was as quiet as earlier in the evening, only this time tension invaded the space, thick and suffocating like a wet blanket.

It seemed as though she tolerated his presence, because as soon as they arrived and the doorman let them in, she'd nearly ran to her bedroom. He had no idea what he'd done wrong and no idea how to repair things.

Maybe he should wait until tomorrow to tell her about Jules.

After showering, he brushed his teeth and pulled on a pair of pajama pants. For a full ten minutes, he paced his room. There was no way he would wait until tomorrow to talk to her. Best to sort things out now.

He strode to the door and headed down the hall. Her room was only a few feet away. Light shone from her doorway. He knocked once and stepped inside.

"Daisy, I-"

She let out a squeal, clutching the dress she had worn to her chest, but that didn't obstruct his view of her bare bum or thighs or the dangerous curves of her waist. The mirror behind her had seen to that.

"What do you want?" she asked.

He stepped in the room and shut the door behind him, never taking his eyes off her reflection. Then he noticed her hair and forgot why he'd come to talk to her. A riot of curls in every shade imaginable fell to halfway down her back.

"Your hair," he said, closing the distance between them and cupping her bare shoulders. Sliding his hands down her shoulders and around her back, he slipped his fingers in long strands. "You didn't cut it."

"Why would I?"

"Because of what I said about your wardrobe yesterday."

Her chin tipped up. "My hair isn't a part of my wardrobe." She looked away, her shoulders falling, and he suddenly realized how fatigued she must actually be.

"I'm sorry to have bothered you," he said softly, letting hands fall away.

He stepped back, taking in her barely concealed body and the engagement ring on her finger. She was his. The very primal part of him wanted to dominate her, wanted to take her against the mirror, until she screamed his name. But the very civilized part of him won out and he pivoted, moving to the door.

"Why didn't you ask Kate to marry you, instead of this fake fiancee stuff with me? It's obvious the two of you belong together."

That stopped him cold. He turned to face her again. The dress still clutched tight to her front. "If we belonged together, I would be with Kate, already married and not enduring this fake fiancee stuff, as you so eloquently put it, with you," he snapped, then immediately regretted. He held up his hands. "I didn't mean it like that."

Hazel eyes rimmed with lavender regarded him. "Yes, you did."

"You're absolutely right."

Hurt flared in her eyes. "I am?"

Taking a step towards her, he nodded. "If Kate and I belonged together, I would be with her and married. But we're not. Because we don't belong together."

Daisy stepped back, inching closer the mirror. "She still loves you."

Even as it came out of his mouth, he knew how bad it sounded, how vulnerable it made him, but it had to be said, "But I don't love Kate. I don't want to be with her and she knows this. I'd rather be with you, my fiancee, however fake. I'd rather touch you, kiss you and be inside of you. I'd rather listen to you hum and talk in your sleep." For the rest of his life.

Her lips parted, gaze raking over his chest. Yeah, she liked what she saw. Once more, he flicked his eyes over the mirror, taking in her nude reflection. And so did she. Her eyes darkened and his body responded, his dick growing hard. She was remembering what had happened between them, as did he.

He remembered every minute detail, down to the way her lashes flutter when she orgasmed.

"Then why did you flirt with her and not me?" she asked, her voice accusing.

Flirting? Now this was interesting. "I wasn't flirting."

She nodded emphatically, sending those colorful curls he loved to touch flying. "Yes, you were. You laughed and smiled with her. And smiled...and was nice."

"I laughed and smiled with my mates as well."

"It's not the same and you know it."

Actually he hadn't a clue, until now. "Were you jealous, darling?" He smiled and her eyes went wide.

"No," she said, but he didn't believe her.

"You were." He closed the distance between them again, stopping a few inches shy of touching her. Heat radiated from her body, the dress she still clutched the only physical barrier between them. "Shall I smile and laugh with you, even when you're not speaking to me?"

"I was nervous."

"I know. You looked beautiful tonight."

She made a face. "I was dressed like the Queen tonight."

"I like vintage," he insisted, then gave her a wicked smile and raked his eyes over her. "Au naturel is more to my taste."

She let go of the dress. It fell to the floor, landing on his bare feet. He made himself keep his eyes on her face.

"What about my shoes?" she asked.

"Lovely."

"You didn't look."

"Saw them earlier." He dipped his head, brushing his lips across hers. She shivered, her hard ni**les and soft br**sts brushing against his chest as he embraced her.

"I hate this," she whispered and he froze. She slid her arms around his back, stroking the lines of his tattoos. "Not this, not you...it's...I can't sleep with you and not have it affect me."

At her confession, he kissed her cheek. "I'm not that bloke, you know. The one they sometimes still show on the telly and the Internet-a spoiled aristocrat sleeping around, partying like there's no tomorrow, punching out his father, and doing his level best to take down a corporate empire. I won't leave you for no reason." Like Jules had.

As if she were reading his thoughts, she asked, "How did you know about Jules's last name? You never answered me in the car. "

He opened his mouth to tell the truth, but the monster that lived inside spoke for him, "I did a background check on you, your family, your friends-virtual and real life-before asking you to pose as my fiancee."

Petal-pink lips made an O shape, and then a glimmer of anger shone in her eyes. Suddenly it faded. "I guess that's reasonable, but I wished you would have told me sooner."

"I'm sorry."

"So you know every humiliating thing about me." She sniffed, her hands falling to hang listlessly her sides. "I must look like a total-"

"You looked strong to me. Determined. Unwilling to let anyone or anything keep you down." He cupped her shoulders, letting his hands slide her arms and encircle her wrists. "Tell me what to do to make this right. To make you comfortable and have this affect you in a way that makes you happy."

She looked up at him, with so much emotion in her gaze that he wondered if he'd done irreparable damage. Damn his selfish ass, tomorrow he would fly her back to Holland Springs, give her all of the money they'd agreed to, and take the consequences like a real man.

"Take me sightseeing."

He blinked. That was the last thing he expected her to say. "Sightseeing?"

"Oh yeah, all the places I missed, like the Harry Potter train ride... I want to do it all. With you," she said, a mischievous grin curving her lips. "Then take me to a pub, so I can eat fish and chips and drink a pint of ale. Oh, and buy me a t-shirt, with the Union Jack on it."

A t-shirt? Oh, his giddy aunt. He swallowed. "Is that all?"

"Not by a long shot," she whispered against his lips as he released her wrists. "I want to go to the house where they film Downton Abbey."

"Clearly, you're fatigued and in desperate need of copious amounts of sleep," he said, before she could add to her list. Though her list charmed him, as did she.

She rubbed against him, her very hot body doing things to his that had him groaning and wrapping his arms around him. "You know when you're so tired that you can't go to sleep without some help?"

Right now he knew nothing, but the way she felt in his arms and beneath his palms. Satiny skin and a plump bum. He cupped her there, pressing her against his dick and creating a friction that set his teeth on edge. "Shall I be your sleep-aide, like the other night?"

Her lips found his throat and kissed him. "Yes."

Sliding his hands from around her bum to her thighs, he lifted and carried her to the bed. He set her on the edge, letting his hands coast down her legs, to her feet, then he placed them on his shoulders. Like this, she was open and pink, completely vulnerable to his touch. Christ, he wanted her. And she wanted him.

But not yet.

"Your shoes are fantastic," he said, peering up at her.

She looked down at him, her cheeks flushing. "Technically they're your shoes, since the sales clerk suggested I open an account at Louboutin's, the one on Mount Street."

"Hope you bought the lot."

"Might have, with your preference for me to leave them on during sex," she said, wiggling her feet and smiling cheekily. She knew him so well. Her shoes sparkled with crystals. "These are the best shoes evah. Isabella will be so jealous."

He might have to buy the entire store, if those shoes made her that damned happy. Of course, they made him happy. High heels made every man happy, or they should in his opinion. "What else did you buy?"

"If you don't stop talking, Sebastian, I'll make you take me to Stonehenge," she threatened.

Tilting his head to one side, he gave her a smug smile. "Pretty sure you're the one at my mercy, right now."

Her eyes glittered. She trailed a hand down her chest, lightly cupping her breast. She pinched a hard, pink nipple. He licked his lips and his erection became rock hard.

"Looks like you're at my mercy, too."

"Mutual imprisonment? I think not." He leaned forward and wrapped his arms around her thighs, effectively pinning her to the spot. So very trusting, she was...and vulnerable. "Not when I have you like this. Completely vulnerable to my mouth." He kissed her and her hips jerked. "My tongue." He traced a path to her clitoris and circled it, smiling when she smacked her palms on the bed and gasped his name

"Shall I tell you what to do with your hands?" he said, and then softly blew hot air against her clit.

"They're holding me uh-up," she said, her voice rising.

He licked her again. "Fast learner, darling. Impressive."

"Lots of sight-seeing," she panted, her br**sts lightly bouncing.

Undeterred by her second warning, he continued his leisurely explorations. "Stratford-on-Avon is very popular," he said, and then sucked her clit into his mouth. She grabbed his hair, pulling and tugging as he ate her, as he feasted and gave her what she needed. Every lick, every nibble serving her. He served her, kneeling on the floor between her thighs and concentrating on bringing her to orgasm.

"Bastian...ung...I'm going...oh my," she said, her voice beautifully breathless.

Another graze of his teeth over her swollen flesh and she screamed, her fingers nearly ripping his hair out. He winced a little, but didn't stop. Instead, he watched her as she came apart, as her sexy body flushed and goose bumps dotted the landscape of her skin. Her lashes fluttered, eyes closing and luscious mouth parting.

When she finally subsided, he laid his cheek against her thigh. She unwound her fingers from his hair.

"Sorry about that," she said, and then smiled sheepishly. "Might need to tie me up from now on."

"Really?" He raised a brow, but that sexy woman didn't look away.

Sheepish gave way to seductress. "Mmm-hmm. I think I would like it."

Unhooking his arms from her legs, he stood and leaned in to her. "You'd only like it?"

She nipped at his jaw. "I might love it if you do it-one day. Need to ease into stuff like that." Flopping back on the bed, she scooted to the middle.

"Naughty Daisy." His hard-on screamed for relief. But he didn't deserve to be inside of her, not tonight. Tonight was only about her. On second thought, if she wanted to have sex, he would have no choice but to concede to her demands.

He gazed down at her face. Sleepy eyes glowing with satisfaction blinked at him. "You're a great sleep-aid, but further testing is needed to be sure."

"Shall I get other participants?" he teased.

She pouted, full lips so kissable that he couldn't help himself. For long, torturous minutes, he kissed and stroked her body, while her hands explored his. He growled when she found his erection and squeezed.

"What about you?" she asked.

"What about me?" He kissed the corner of her mouth, then worked his way to her ear and took the lobe between his teeth.

She arched her neck and turned her head. "You need sleep, too."

God, he was going to hate himself in the next few minutes. "Today was a long day for me," he said, trying to ignore her hand that had moved from the outside of his pajama bottoms to the inside. She rubbed his piercing with her thumb and he bit his lip to keep from moaning.

"Naughty Sebastian," she said, and then laughed a little. "I want this inside of me."

Hell, yes. Then he remembered what he didn't come prepared for... Oh shit and kill him now.

"But not tonight. I'm too sleepy," she said on a yawn, then gave him a little smile and let go of him, her hand falling to the bed. "And satisfied."

Grimacing, he stood, painfully aroused. "See you in the morning," he said as she rolled on her side, and slipped off her heels. Desire hit him hard again, all those curves and bare skin so close, yet he didn't have permission to touch her. He crossed the room and opened her door.

"Don't forget to wear your sightseeing suit," she called out.

He paused. "I don't bloody have a sightseeing suit."

"Mmm-hmm." She yawned again. "Whatever you say, your suitliness."

Ignoring her, he shut the door behind him and padded to his room. He scrubbed his hand over his face and walked inside. He glanced down at his erection and exhaled. Guess he'd have to take matters into his own hands.

Chapter Nineteen

"Wake up, sleepyhead," Daisy sang, lightly tapping her very own Sleeping Beauty on the nose. "Daylight's a-wasting."

Drowsy blue eyes blinked up at her. "Good God, you're one of those people." He turned and buried his face in the pillow, giving her an unobstructed view of the tattoos she wanted to trace with her tongue.

Later, she reminded herself. First, she had to make him pay. Although what did it say about her that she had to blackmail him into spending time with her? Then again, no one had blackmailed him into giving her an orgasm that had made her see another universe full of stars that outshone the sun.

She smiled. Yep, she'd lost her mind and then found it reading some poetry.

"C'mon, Sebastian. You promised."

"What time is it?" he asked, his voice muffled.

Unable to stop herself, she traced the large R on his upper back with the tip of her finger and he growled. She laughed. "Six AM. I let you sleep in."

"Jesus Christ, woman, go back to bed," he groaned.

"Are all world domination plotters this whiny in the morning? Need your cup of special world domination beverage to get you going first?"

"Shut it, Daisy."

Her smile grew wider as she traced another tattoo on his back. "Bless your heart. Maybe if I fed you first, you wouldn't be so ornery."

"Ha! I plan to be ornery all-hang on," he said, turning over. His gaze landed on the nightstand. A tray loaded with plates of biscuits, grits, bacon, sausage, fruit, and muffins sat on it. "Did you make all that?"

"Well, I had to pass the time somehow. I've been up since three," she said, leaning over to grab the tray as he sat up. She placed it over his lap and smiled. "Hope you like it."

He dug in, then seemed to remember his manners and asked, "Have you eaten?"

She nodded. "I always eat while I cook. It's why I have to exercise every day. Else, I'd end up looking like my Aunt Jeannie."

"I approve of your methods," he said around a mouthful of biscuit and ran an appreciative eye over her. He swallowed. "Am I off cupcake rationing?"

She had baked four dozen cupcakes this morning. "Depends on you."

He lifted his brows. "Fine. I'll make arrangements for this Saturday and-"

"No."

One brow went higher than the other. "Sorry?"

"I don't want the earl's tour or even Sebastian Romanov's tour. I want the real deal tour, for tourists. In fact, I found a walking tour for us that we do at our own pace." She grabbed her phone from the nightstand and scrolled through it. "We're doing the infamous Wizard Tour this morning, right after you call in sick to work."

His chin dipped. "You're quite serious, aren't you?"

"I'm quite pleased," she said, imitating his accent. And he looked less than pleased. He looked a little scared. "It won't be that bad mingling with the commoners, Your Lordship."

"That's not the problem." He speared some helpless strawberries. "I've never called in sick to work, much less lied about it."

"There's a first time for everything," she said cheerfully. "Besides, it's not like you've never lied before." She wriggled her fingers at him, engagement ring prominently displayed. "But if you can't say you're sick, then say I made you take me."

Sebastian burst out laughing. "Made me?"

Pouting, she batted her lashes at him. "Call in sick for me?"

He stopped laughing. "Put those away," he ordered, pointing the fork at her lips.

"Fine." She picked up the tray, grabbed his fork, and set all of it on the nightstand, then crawled into his lap and straddled him. "Is this better?"

"Marginally," he said, but his hands settled on her hips.

She leaned forward, brushing her lips over his. "Bastian?"

"Mmm?"

Another brush over his lips and she tugged the lower one into her mouth, sucking on it. Her heart sped up and her panties grew damp. This was a very dangerous game she was playing. Well, in that she might decide to spend the day with him in bed, instead of wandering the streets of London.

His hands tightened and he grew hard between her legs. She pressed against him, acutely aware of how empty she felt and how she wanted him to fill her. To stretch her and make it so she could feel him for days later. Her sex throbbed and pulsated with need, but she could be strong. She could make him wait.

"Take. Me. Please," she whispered.

"Oh yeah," he growled.

Putty in her hands. "Great!" She sat up, scrambled off the bed, and smiled. "I'll take the tray with me and finish cleaning up the mess I made in your kitchen."

Stunned didn't begin to describe the look on his face. "You're going to leave me, like this?" Gesturing to his lap, his erection tenting the thin sheets.

Pretending not to notice his current state, she shook her head and grabbed the tray. "Of course not."

"Fantastic." He lunged at her.

She danced out of his reach, the plates sliding together with dull thuds. "I'll be happy to wait for you to get dressed first. Seriously, Sebastian, we'd be mugged if you went outside looking like that." By horny women salivating over him.

"At least allow me to go by the office before we begin,"-snagging her phone from the bed, he read from the screen-"this magical journey around London. Be sure to have your broom at the ready." He ran a hand down his face. "Why do you insist on torturing me?"

She glared at him. "Spending time with me shouldn't be torture." Whirling around, she marched to the door. "And it's not going to work."

"What's not going to work?"

"Making me mad so I won't want spend the day with you." She opened the door with her foot. "I think you need to have some fun. Lots of it, for the entire time I'm here."

"You think I need to have fun?" he asked.

Casting a glance over her shoulder, she said, "Yes and Kate agreed."

"The two of you talked about me?" His blue eyes widened.

"Nothing too personal," she fibbed.

"What did she say exactly?"

Daisy swallowed. She had to tell him the truth. "That she still cared about you and it was the reason she was trying to help me fit in with your friends and dress the part."

"Really?" he asked, his gaze assessing and maybe even hopeful.

Daisy's heart pinched. All that talk about him not loving Kate anymore, she realized, might be just that. Talk. "Yes. She thinks you work too much and need to have fun."

"Well, she would know better than anyone." He jumped up from bed and strode to the bathroom. "The office first, then we'll go."

Daisy left his room, trudging along the hallway. She should be happy that he agreed. She should be happy that he was going to spend the day with her.

But she wasn't.

Because all she could think about was the look on his face when he learned about Kate's concern for him. Worse than that, she didn't want to think about how much it hurt her heart to see it.

***

Sebastian ran a critical eye over Daisy as they waited for his driver. She wore one of her usual cardigans and a pair of dark jeans with hot pink flats that matched the chopsticks in her hair. Lovely, but not very practical for springtime English weather.

"Would you stop staring at me?" she asked, her brow wrinkling.

"I'm not staring." She gave him a look. "Okay, so I am-er, was staring. I'm actually concerned about how warm you'll be. Did you pack any jumpers?"

"I haven't worn one of those since I was eight," she said. "And if you think I'll be too cold wearing jeans, then what in the world would make you think a dress could keep me warm?"

"A jumper is a sweater," he said on a grin.

"Really?" Her face flushed. "Ooooh, so that's what Ron's mother made Harry. All this time I thought the woman had made him a dress for school."

"Are you serious?"

She shrugged. "Foreign country, foreign-to-me customs. Plus, the book is fantasy. People can wear whatever they want in those."

Yeah, and his fantasy would be to see her wearing nothing but the jewels that belonged to the future Countess of Spenserfield. "Didn't you see the films? That explained what a jumper was."

"No, I'm a purist. Usually when books become movies, they-" her eyes narrowed. "How would you know what was in the movies?"

Because his brother had been in the first two, as an extra, and he'd always made a point to watch every film Christian had been in, no matter how small the roll. However, watching the rest of the films had been completely voluntary. "I might be a fan."

She grinned. "Uh-huh. Bet you know lots of trivia and where everything was filmed around here, more than the website's tour."

Her bet would be correct. He grimaced. Time to change the subject. "When I'm done at the office we can pop down to High Street and find a coat for you."

"Do you mean coat coat or coat as in a pot holder?"

"A coat's a coat, Daisy."

"Sure it is." She winked at him, buoying his general outlook for the day.

He looked forward to spending time with her, all day, every day she was here. Time was fleeting, only two weeks here and then... He didn't know what exactly. Go back to Holland Springs with her or stay here, without her?

His phone vibrated in his pocket. Pulling it out, he glanced at it. Liam. Something had to be wrong. "I need to take this. Do you mind?"

"Go right ahead and bully all the world leaders you want, but can you start with the guy in North Korea, first?"

"I'll get right on that," he said, answering the call and walking a few feet away. "What's the problem?"

"Seems those pesky pictures of your brother and his night of revelry have resurfaced, this time with irrefutable proof it's him and not you," Liam said. "Someone posted the YouTube video of you speaking at Drayton's Charity event on the night in question."

Son of a bitch. Christian had finally made headway with his reputation, with everything he'd worked so hard for, and had been forgiven by those who had accused him of remaining the cocked-up, playboy who only cared about himself. "I'll have James issue another statement-"

"Do you really think the Board need be reminded of this incident?"

Jesus Christ, could his situation get any worse? No good deed ever went unpunished. "Of course I don't, but hanging my brother out to dry isn't an option."

Liam let out a harsh breath. "Figure out what's more important to you-Romanov Industries or your family."

His family? "Which side-my mother's, who loathes my very sight, or my father's, who given the choice between murdering me or inviting me to dinner, would choose blowing my f**king head off every time?" All because he'd cut ties with them. Bloody Russian Mafia.

"Your call, mate," Liam said calmly. He hadn't become Vice President of Romanov Industries by staying in the dark, no matter how embarrassing it was for Sebastian's best mate to learn all his family's dark sins.

"I'll let you know." He ended their call, jaw clenching. There was nothing he'd like more to do than smash his damn phone against the wall, or go a few rounds with Ivan.

"Your driver's here, Sebastian," Daisy said, placing a hand on his arm. Concern was plainly written on her face. "What do you want to do?"

He wanted to disappear again, to hide out in a place no one would ever accuse him of going. But he couldn't. He had his brother to look out for, a sister-in-law, and his damnable cousin, Alexander.

And now he had Daisy to protect, for the rest of her life. She'd never know, of course, but he would do it. Perhaps he should have explained that bit of his family's business dealings to her. Briefly, he closed his eyes and slid the phone back into his pocket. "Honestly, I don't know."

"We don't have to go sightseeing," she said. "I'll go by myself, or take Ivan the Terrible with me."

Trust her to lighten his mood, no matter what. "You really shouldn't call him that."

"But it's his pro-wrestling name."

"Former pro-wrestling name."

She grinned. "He still wrestles on his days off."

"Forget about the driver, darling." Her face fell and he caressed her cheek. "We're walking."

Her enchanting smile returned as he grabbed an umbrella and her hand. "Yay! Does this mean you're open to wearing matching Union Jack t-shirts?"

"No." He opened the door, gesturing for her to go first. "And don't even think about pouting or batting your lashes at me."

"Matching hats?"

Oh, Good God. "No."

She gave him a sidelong glance. "Matching jumpers?"

"Daisy."

"Where's your sense of adventure?"

They stepped out onto the street and he breathed deeply, then checked behind him. Boris and Ivan followed at a discreet distance. "With my sense of humor."

"Looks like I got my work cut out, then." She tugged on his hand. "Hurry up, I want to hear the song about the lemons at the church."

He stopped, right in the middle of the sidewalk, and took her in his arms. "Daisy, there's no rush."

"But I agreed to a half day." She tilted her head to one side, her brows drawing together. "And you didn't call in sick."

"I'm not calling in at all." He dipped his head, kissing her softly. Looking into her hazel eyes, he said, "Today...my time belongs to you."

"That's such a nice English saying," she whispered.

"It's not an-" He clamped his jaw shut before he could finish his sentence. He'd nearly mucked up their day. Tell her, the very standup part of him said. Later, the monster inside of him roared.

"It's a very lovely saying," he agreed as they linked arms.

***

Daisy gazed wide-eyed and a little terrified at the London Eye. She wanted to experience everything of London, but that Ferris wheel made her knees shake.

"Last stop," Sebastian said, sliding his phone in his pocket.

She opened her mouth to tell him that she really, really didn't want to go on The Eye, but he stopped her with an engaging smile and hands held up in surrender.

"I know you didn't want the earl's tour of London or even the Sebastian Romanov's tour, but I couldn't help it. I've arranged a private capsule for us to have Afternoon Tea. They had one for couples in love, but I thought it a bit much," he said, looking so pleased with himself she didn't have the heart to tell him no. He held out his hand. "Shall we?"

Lacing her fingers through his, she smiled and then began to pray-silently-for courage and not to pass out. "How long is the ride?"

"Thirty minutes."

Her vision swam as they bypassed a line of tourist waiting in line for tickets. She almost stumbled. "That long?"

"Seems rather short to me."

It would seem like a million years to her. Heights terrified her. Planes were necessary evils and only by taking something before she got on, so she could fall asleep, helped her not panic.

They entered the capsule and a spread fit for the Queen's Afternoon Tea greeted them. In the middle of the room, a long table was covered with a white cloth. Plates of sandwiches, desserts, and a delicate tea service sat on top of that and in the center was a huge bouquet of flowers. All her favorites.

She should enjoy this. She wanted to enjoy this. Come hell or high altitudes, she would enjoy this.

"What about Boris and Ivan? Don't they want some tea and crumpets? Or is vodka and caviar more their thing?" she asked, trying to joke around. "Is there vodka for us?"

"I had entertained the thought of Champagne, but thought you'd like this more. In any case, Boris is in the capsule behind us and Ivan is in the one in front of us." Sebastian wiggled his brows. "It's only the two of us. I declined being attended by servers or a host."

Oh goody. He'd be the only one to see her lose her ever-loving mind.

The door closed behind them. Her heart sped up. She wanted to drop to the floor and crawl to the nearest chair. She turned to face the stunning view of the city.

Sebastian joined her. "Just wait until we get to the top."

The Ferris wheel began to move. "Oh God," she croaked, her arm shooting out to find the wall...something to keep her upright. Finding nothing, she sort of half-crumpled, half-slid to the floor and pressed her fingertips to her eyes, breathing deeply.

"Daisy." She felt Sebastian sit beside her. "Are you all right?"

"No," she said on a sniff and looked up at him. Compassion on his face. "I'm scared of heights, but I didn't want to ruin your surprise."

"You should have told me anyway." He stroked her hair, taking out the chopsticks and placing them on the floor. "I'm not too fond of confined spaces, really. This capsule was pushing it."

"You're not? It is?" She searched his face. "Why not?"

Soft compassion melted away, leaving nothing behind. His pale eyes were hard and his mouth drawn tight. For long minutes, he said nothing, then, "My father's favorite punishment was to lock me in a cupboard under the servants' stairs for hours at a time."

Bile rose in her throat. Locked him up, for hours at a time? "Favorite?" She didn't want to know this. She didn't have a right to know this.

"Achieving perfection comes at a high price."

"There's no such thing as perfection, not really." Reasonable people knew this. His father should have known this. His father should have been put in jail.

"The punishment must fit the crime, or in my case, receiving a B instead of an A. Or playing a joke on him. Vladimir was a remarkably inventive man when it came to punishments," he continued, as if he hadn't heard her. More likely, he didn't believe her. "And God help you if you showed the slightest hint of weakness when it was meted out."

"What about your brother?"

"Christian had it much worse."

Worse? "Oh, I-"

"After our mother left us, Vladimir ignored him. It was as though Christian didn't exist. Given the choice, I'd think he would have picked the cupboard, because in some f**ked-up way, it meant Vladimir actually cared." He was matter-of-fact while saying this, like he was relaying the evening news to her.

Tears pricked at her eyes and gathered in her throat. She slowly reached out to touch his face, the rough stubble of his five o'clock shadow tickling the tips of her fingers. "I'm sorry he hurt you and your brother. His job was to protect. People with power should always choose to protect the ones without it."

"I'm nothing like my father," he said fiercely. "Nothing."

"You don't have to convince me," she insisted, turning his face to hers. "You're one of the most compassionate people I know." Tears escaped, slipping down her cheek.

"Don't cry, Daisy." He wiped away her tears with the pad of his thumb. "It's in the past."

She tried to take a deep breath, but it ended up being shallow and shaky. "I don't think it is."

"Perhaps you're right." He leaned into her touch, his eyes closing. "Vladimir f**ked me up good, huh?"

She didn't know what to say to that. Instead, she sat there with him, never taking her eyes off his face as she caressed him. Finally his eyes opened, blue eyes glittering with an emotion she couldn't define. Or maybe she was too scared to name.

He smiled tightly, and then kissed her forehead. "You did it."

"Did what?" she asked as he gently grabbed her wrist and pulled them both to their feet.

He tipped his head toward the glass. "Made it to the top."

"I did? Oh my God, I did!" Refusing to look at the view, she threw herself against him and hugged him tight, mostly because she still hadn't gotten over her fear of heights.

"You're not letting go of me for the entirety of the ride, are you?" he asked, amusement lacing his words.

She shook her head, his wool sweater prickly against her cheek. "Nope."

Chapter Twenty

After her last sightseeing tour stop fail, Daisy had insisted Sebastian to take her to a local pub. He, of course, wanted to go home. But she couldn't trust herself to go home with him, not without sleeping with him, and her desire for Sebastian was getting worse by the second.

The way he'd helped her in their private capsule hadn't helped at all. Neither had his confession of some of his most secret fears. Or when he'd held her the entire time while they rode The Eye and didn't take Afternoon Tea. She still felt guilty about wasting all that food and his money.

The cab they shared bumped down a narrow road. "How far away is this pub?"

Another bump and he slammed into her. "Where's your sense of adventure?"

"You really don't want to eat another one of my cupcakes ever again, do you?"

He placed his hand on her thigh and leaned closer, his sweater-covered chest brushing against her br**sts. "I could eat your cupcakes for hours, for days on end, and always come back for more."

Oh my mercy. Heat pooled low in her belly and she managed a weak laugh. "Sweet talking me won't help you."

He wriggled his brows and grinned. "But it doesn't hurt things either."

The cab stopped, saving her from answering as Sebastian got out to pay the driver. Why he didn't pay the man while they were in the car made no sense to her, but who was she to judge? She stepped out of the cab and made her way to the entrance of the-oh Dear Lord-she gaped at the name. "The Cock and Beaver?" The rooster painted on the wooden sign was practically straddling the poor beaver. "He wants me to order food from here?"

"My favorite place," Sebastian said from behind her.

"I won't be able to tell anyone I ate here." She busted out laughing, tears forming in her eyes.

"What's so funny?"

"Translations."

"We speak the same language." He opened the door for her and held it. "A cock's a c**k and a beaver's a beaver."

"Oh my mercy," she giggled, then dug her phone out of her purse and took of picture of the sign, sending a text to Isabella and Haven. Hopefully, Haven would have cell service soon. She would love this. "When in Rome, I'll eat at the Cock and Beaver."

"Really, Daisy, I don't understand why the name is so amusing."

She bit back another smile. "I'll explain it to you when you're drunk."

The pub wasn't too crowded and it fulfilled the hyped-up vision she'd had of an English pub. Low ceilings stained with smoke from a huge fireplace, exposed wooded beams and an ancient bar. There was a dartboard off to the side, with a chalk scoreboard. A couple played at the moment, drinking beer and giving each other kisses after each throw.

"Shall I order, while you find a table or would you rather sit at the bar?"

She pointed to an empty table in a shadowy corner of the bar. "I want to people watch."

"Today's her day," she heard him mutter.

After practically running over to the table, she sat in a chair that faced the room and pulled one up for Sebastian beside her.

"Two pints-one for the lovely countess," the server said with a smile.

"What countess?" More honest-to-goodness titled people? "What does she look like?" She searched the room, thinking she'd see a woman wearing a crown and a ball gown, as one did in a bar in the middle of nowhere, but the only person who stuck out was Ivan, wearing a grim expression as he surveyed the room.

"Maybe you should hold off on ordering another one until you've eaten something." Setting the drinks down, the server gave her a this-woman-is-clearly-already-drunk look. "Sebastian said to tell you he had to take a call and would return in a bit. Fish and chips should be right up."

Oh, the server meant her. Daisy grinned sheepishly, her shoulders rising. "Thanks. Can't wait."

"Cheers."

Before Daisy could further make a fool of herself, Sebastian appeared and sat down beside her. "Does my pub meet with your approval?"

"As in you own it or this is my most favorite place ever and I like to come here all of the time?"

"The latter."

She took a drink of her ale as their food arrived. "Couldn't say it, could you?"

"No."

"Want to invite Boris and Ivan to join us?" The two had been following them all day, mostly at a discreet distance, but she wasn't dumb. Sebastian lived a life that required security. Maybe it wouldn't be too weird not to have large men with guns following her around when she and Sebastian went their separate ways.

Her heart pinched. She didn't want to think about separate ways.

"No drinking on the job." He toasted her, smiling so bright that she couldn't see anything but him. "To more days like this."

"Ten more at least," she said, lightly hitting her glass against his. She had to be wary of that smile, of his actions-like surprising her with a hat, a jumper, and a t-shirt with the Union Jack on it. "Then it's back home for me," she reminded him, really herself. This was not permanent.

"Right. Can't forget that." He looked off into the distance, his smile disappearing into his drink.

With a heavy heart, she dug into her food, eating fish and fries that tasted so good she wanted two more orders of it. Sebastian ate his as well, but kept quiet.

On her second glass of ale, music began to play and a woman picked up a microphone, singing along. A nearby television displayed the words and highlighted them.

She halfway rose out of her chair. "Do you ever Karaoke?"

"No."

She sat back down again. "Oh." Something on his sweater glittered and she peered closer. "You're wearing the flag pin I got you."

He flushed. "Guilty."

She wiggled her eyebrows. "We match, like a real couple and everything." Her heart soared and a smile curved the corners of her lips.

"You're quite pissed, aren't you?"

"No, I'm not." She frowned. "Why would I be mad at you for wearing my pin?"

"Pissed means drunk, darling."

"Oh...You really are sweet," she sighed. "And nice."

"I'm not sweet or nice." His voice lowered. "And if you weren't drunk, I'd take you home and shag you senseless to prove it."

Blood pounded in her ears. Desire unfurled, winding through her body and making itself at home. She throbbed. She ached. She wanted him. Her ni**les grew hard, her br**sts heavy and sensitive against her lace bra. "I'm not drunk, Sebastian."

He leaned into her, nibbling on her neck. "I'm not too sure about that." His large hand covered her breast, gently squeezing.

Shutting her eyes, she moaned. His fingers slipped up and under her sweater, finding her nipple with ease. He tweaked the hard nub and her breath hitched. "Someone might see."

"Too dark." He pinched her nipple again, sending sparks of pleasure right to where she throbbed and pulsated for him.

"Please," she panted. Although she wasn't sure if it was a plea for more or for him to stop.

His palm ground against her clit and she wished she didn't have on jean or panties. "I have a place nearby."

She whimpered, and he covered her mouth with his, tongue tasting and exploring. She grabbed his bicep and thigh, letting that hand go up to where he was hard for her. "How far away?"

"Fifteen minutes."

Jumping to her feet, she grabbed her purse and phone. "Pay the bill and let's go."

***

They made it in twelve minutes.

She kissed him as he unlocked the door, as they tried to run up the stairs and into his bedroom. Finally, Sebastian grabbed her by her thighs and lifted her up, lurching down the hall. Muscle memory his guide.

He flipped on the lights, slammed the door shut, and set her on her feet. She kissed him again, plunging her tongue in his mouth until he moaned.

Sebastian ripped her sweater open, buttons popping and pinging as they hit priceless artwork and vases. He kissed his way down her neck, to her chest, and took the tip of a lace-covered breast into his mouth. She moaned his name, her hands going to the edge of his sweater and tugging.

"I want this off," she demanded.

"Whatever you want." He stopped kissing her long enough to get their clothes out of the way. Then he cupped her face and kissed her deeply.

She brought his face down to hers, with one hand on the back of his neck. "I want you," she said, biting his lip.

"To do what?" he growled, shoving his hand between her thighs. She was hot, wet, and swollen. He eased a finger inside of her, then another. "This?"

"Yes..ung...yes." Moaning, she moved against him, hard ni**les scraping his chest and hips rolling. In her next breath, he'd grabbed a condom from his pants pocket and dropped to the floor, pulling her on top of him. "Ride me."

"I haven't been in this position before," she whispered and he tore open the foil of the condom and rolled it on.

Glen was an idiot. He should be shot, castrated, and hung out to dry, and Sebastian was more than happy to do all three to the man. Determined not to let his shock or inner thoughts at her confession show, he leaned up to kiss her. "Rise up on your knees, darling."

Biting her lip, she did as he instructed. He grabbed the base of his dick. "Now sit."

"Like this?" The tip of him went inside her, where she was hot, tight, and wet.

"Yes," he hissed.

Encouraged, she took all of him, bottoming out on his groin. He grabbed her hips, helping her move. Faster and faster, he urged her to ride him. Damn, but she was a quick learner.

"I needed this," he said on a groan. "I needed to be inside of you."

"Me too," she whispered. Leaning forward, she balanced her hands on his chest and rode him hard. Breasts bouncing, ni**les tight points, and hair falling out of its bun.

"There...like that." Grabbing a thick lock, he wrapped it around his wrist and tugged her forward, grinding his body against hers. She came, blindingly fast and screaming his name.

Another desperate thrust into her tight, hot flesh, and he joined her. "Jesus Christ," he muttered as she stopped moving upon him. Her chest heaved and his rose in time as well. He swiped a hand over his face, opened his eyes, and smiled up at her. "What did you think?"

"I think woman-on-top is a new favorite of mine."

He wondered what else she hadn't tried, and made a mental note to ask her that later. "Shall we adjourn to the bed?"

Giggling, she fell against him, her face fitting perfectly in the crook of his neck. "I vote aye."

"The ayes have it." Somehow, he managed to get them both to their feet, make use of the loo, and return to find her lying on her back in the middle of his bed, black lashes resting against her cheeks. She was right where she belonged.

The mattress dipped a little under his weight as he joined her.

"I like your house," she said, eyes opening. "Well, what I saw of it."

"Thank you. I'll give you the grand tour tomorrow. How would you like to live here for the rest of your visit?"

She raised her head, resting it in the palm of her hand. "What about work?"

"Telecommuting is better for the environment."

"Better for you, too," she said. "But what about all the parties and-"

"Parties are overrated and the paparazzi can find us anywhere. So goals will still be met."

"That's...good." She blinked up at him, a little frown forming on her full lips.

"It is. I think you'll like it better here. More freedom to pop down to wherever you like."

Her gorgeous smile returned, bright enough to rival the sun. "Thank you for thinking of me then."

"Where are we?" she asked.

"Near Surrey, in a village called Cheam."

For a moment, she didn't say a word. That's right, darling, put it all together. "You'd rather have a vacation here than anywhere else in the world?"

Here was home, the place he'd bought with her in mind, in order to make happy memories. And now she was here, lounging in his bed. Cheeks flushed and eyes sparkling as if it were their wedding night. As if they were in love. Oh, how he loved her.

"Yes, but if you don't want to stay-"

She placed a finger over his mouth. "I'm where I want to be."

He kissed her finger and she drew it away. "Tomorrow we'll explore the village, the park, and take you to The Mansion. Heard they filmed an episode of Downton there last year."

"You are so sweet!" She gave him a quick kiss and started to rise from the bed. "I'm going to sleep right now. You should, too."

Laughing, he caught her by the waist and pulled the sheets over their heads. "I think you're more excited about that, than spending time with me."

Light from the chandelier filtered through the white sheets, casting her in a hazy glow as she lay down beside him.

"Everything's changed between us," she said softly.

He slid his hand up and down her arm. "For the good, I hope."

"I hope so, too," she said, burying her face into his neck. "Or we made a really big mistake."

"Glen royally screwed you over, yeah?"

She nodded, her lips on his throat. "Jules hurt me, too."

"How about you let me make it up to you?"

A thick sigh left her, and her soft body seemed to melt into his. "How about we forget Jules and Glen ever happened to me?"

"If you wish," he said, kissing the top of her head.

She lifted her head, looking down on him. "You know so much about me, but I hardly know anything about you."

"Ask me anything."

"Tell me what happened to Kate."

He should have known she'd want to know about his former relationship with Kate. "I don't think you want to know the answer to that," he said slowly.

"Tell me anyway."

So tenacious. One of the things he admired about her. "Business came first."

"And she left you?"

"No. I broke things off with her." He still remembered their talk, her face, and the relief he'd felt. Then the guilt that had followed for being relieved. "It wasn't her fault I couldn't change my ways."

Her brow furrowed. "You mean wouldn't change your ways."

"Old habits are hard to break, but I guess if I had really loved her, then I would have freed myself from them," he said, increasingly uncomfortable with the direction of their conversation. He knew his shortcomings. He knew he was an almost exact replica of Vladimir Romanov, not in temperament perhaps, but in nearly everything else that counted for something.

She snorted. "You think love makes someone change? You can't change for someone else, not permanently anyway. Those habits will creep right back up and bite you in the arse." She grinned for a moment, and then her expression turned serious. "Either change, because you want to change, or don't bother."

"I wouldn't change anything about you," she added in a heated whisper, her words a warm caress of air upon his skin. "You're real and honest, and say exactly what you mean."

Stunned, his hands froze on her back. The people closest to him always wanted something different from him. For him to be someone he wasn't, someone more to their liking and his feelings be damned, not that he hadn't earned their disappointment on some level.

Soon she would join them, when he finally confessed the truth, but not tonight. Maybe not even tomorrow, or the next day.

"Well, there is one thing I'd change about you," she said.

His heart sank. "Do enlighten me," he said, keeping the disappointment out of his voice.

She threw the covers off them and straddled his lap. All wicked curves, sexy br**sts, and delicious pink ni**les. The curls of her sex were damp against his skin. "Your favorite pub."

A bark of laughter escaped him. "What's wrong with the Cock and Beaver?"

"Seriously? It's two substitution words for very naughty parts of the anatomy. I mean, every time I said the name, I expected someone to yell, 'That's what she said.'"

"Explain."

A fine blush covered her face, travelling lower over her chest. "Well, c**k is a cock."

"A rooster?" he asked, knowing full well what she meant. "What's so naughty about a barnyard animal?"

"Nothing." Rolling her eyes, she shook her head. "It's a c**k cock."

He had to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from laughing. "Ah, then touch that very naughty part of my anatomy."

Lifting her thighs, her hand slipped down and gently grabbed his dick. "Here."

Briefly he closed his eyes as he grew hard again, and then peered at her through his lashes. "So that's a cock? Who knew?"

"I can't believe it." She punched him in the chest and he made an unf sound. "You knew the entire time."

"I'm an excellent guesser." The tip of her thumb rubbed his piercing and he groaned low in his throat. "What about the beaver?"

"Obviously, it's, well, you know," she said, that blush of hers becoming redder by the second.

He rose up on his elbows, very aware that she had begun to stroke his cock. His hips lifted to meet each down stroke. "If you can't use your words, darling, then use your hand. Your less occupied hand."

Her head turned to the side as her hand inched toward where he wanted to be again. "I can't. I know I should be able to, but I can't. I'm embarrassed."

"Don't be." He cupped the side of her face. "Look at me. Between us, everything is shameless."

She turned her head, lips brushing his palm. "Why would anyone want to change a man who says things like that?"

"What you do to me." He pulled her down to him, finding her mouth easily. It opened eagerly under his, their tongues slipping and sliding against the other, as if she couldn't get enough of him. She kissed him endlessly, taking his breath and making it her own. Taking his heart, his soul...his everything.

All of him belonged only to her. Forever.

Rolling her under him, he drove himself inside of her and she gasped his name. The initial clasp of her inner muscles as she tried to accommodate his size was nearly his undoing. She was so damned hot, tight, and wet he couldn't speak. Couldn't tell her how bloody good she felt. How perfect she was in his arms. How he was falling in love with her even more.

It should have scared the hell out of him.

But it didn't. It spurred him on, the sound of her sexy moans filling his ears. Her hands gripping him to her, fusing their bodies and sending him closer to the edge.

Daisy wrapped her legs around his lean hips. She couldn't get past the sensation of Sebastian inside of her, thick, long, and pierced. She couldn't get past the sensation that it felt like nothing was between them. Flames of desire licked at every nerve ending, burning her. Sebastian's hips rolled, the muscles of his back gathering and flexing under her palms.

"Oh," she moaned. Her back arched, and he was there, tongue licking a hot path up her throat.

"Christ...I've never felt anything so good." He drove into her hard, unrelenting, as he laced their fingers together. Stretching her arms above her head, he moved in firm, hard strokes. Not sex, not making love...more than that, and yet all of that.

She shivered, desire and unadulterated lust twining.

Suddenly, he pulled out of her, kneeled between her legs and gave her sex a long, luscious lick, his tongue firm against her sensitized clit. "I could eat you for hours," he murmured and she flushed hot. "Make you come on my tongue and my fingers, over and over until you couldn't take it. Then I'd thrust inside of you, make you come on my cock. I'd come inside you, yeah? Fill you up, until it ran down your thighs. You'd be mine. "

"No."

He tilted his head to the side, mouth thinning like he wanted to argue. "No?"

"You'd belong to me... and I'd belong to you."

"All yours." His handsome face turned harsh, his eyes glittering as he crawled up her body. "All mine."

Large hands parted her thighs and he thrust deep, jolting her. He set a hard pace, one that she strained to keep up with, until he cupped her bottom and lifted her to meet him. She flung her arms out, hands searching for purchase and finding the headboard. Her fingers curved around the largest of the spindles.

Rain poured, hitting the windowpanes. Thunder rumbled. Elements outside mirroring their lovemaking.

For long moments he kept her on knife's edge, her orgasm at his fingertips. Their bodies became slick, their breathing harsh, and kisses sweetly fierce. His thumb passed over her clit, a sweeping caress that made her hips jerk and her ni**les tighten to hard, needy points.

"Like that?"

Another caress, and then firm, circular motions that made stars spark behind her closed lids. "Yes." He thrust deep and her eyes opened. "Ung...More."

"Whatever my lady wants," he murmured, and then did something with his fingers that made her sob his name. So close. She was so close that she wanted to scream.

"Please," she whispered, desperate for this sweet torture to end. Desperate for her climax that only he could give her. He was ruining her. Ruining her for any man that wasn't him. "Please."

He ground his palm against her and her body bucked, pleasure tearing through her and carving out a path that only Sebastian could ever travel.

It was too much.

It wasn't enough.

A low growl left him. His fingers dug painfully into her left hip as he surged deep, emptying himself inside of her as her sex clenched around him. His sky blue eyes widened as her name seemed to be ripped from his throat.

He slumped over her, keeping most of his weight on his arms and off her. She pressed kisses to his face and throat, lightly tracing the tattoos on his shoulders with the tips of her fingers.

His head lifted and he smiled at her, blond hair all mussed just the way she liked it. "About work tomorrow."

She wrinkled her nose and drew her brows together. After that, he was thinking of work? "What about it?" she asked warily.

"I'm taking a holiday," he said and kissed the tip of her nose. "For a fortnight at least. You can extend your holiday here for a few extra days, yeah?"

"Fortnight? Translation, please."

That sexy smile of his widened. "My little American. Two weeks."

"Thank you, my earl of the enormous cock."

He grinned. "Now that's better than all the other ignoble titles you've given me."

"You like all the titles I've given you. No one else dares."

"Daring women are very sexy."

"So are the men who dare to be with those daring women."

"Quite. In any event...Was I too rough?" The concern lacing his voice made her heart flip. There he went being all protective on her.

"You were perfect." She'd be sore as all get out in a couple of hours.

He pulled out of her, rolling to the side and propping his head up with his hand. "There is a guest room, but I'd rather you sleep with me. The choice, however, is yours."

Shifting to hug him, she winced and froze in place as evidence of what they'd done slipped down her inner thighs. "Sebastian?" Her voice sounded odd to her ears.

He smiled at her, running his free hand down her side. "Yes?"

"We forgot to use protection." She gulped and his smile fell. "But you don't have to worry about getting anything from me."

"You're perfectly safe with me," he said, but it didn't make her feel that much better at all. "Why do you still look so upset? Crisis averted."

"I'm not on the pill," she whispered, feeling about as smart as a stump.

Chapter Twenty-One

Sebastian couldn't speak for a moment. He'd never done anything so spectacularly stupid in his life.

"Oh," came his brilliant answer. "Are you joking?"

"No," she whispered, her face pale. "I stopped taking birth control pills when I was twenty, after I was hospitalized with several blood clots in my legs. I'd been having severe pain in them for days, like I could barely walk, and my ankles were swollen twice their normal size.

"The doctor diagnosed me with Venous Thromboembolism. It's a rare-yay me-side effect of the pill. Glen and I weren't willing to risk a blood clot forming in my heart or lungs, or brain. We used condoms from then on," she added.

"What do you want to do?" he asked. The room spun and he blinked. Dear God, he felt dizzy. "I can take you to a clinic and get the morning after pill."

"I can't." She visibly swallowed. "It's a concentrated dose of what's in birth control pills. I'm sorry."

"What about later...once you found out?" He told himself he would support her decision, whatever it may be, but he'd never been faced with this before, so...who really knew how'd he react?

"I wouldn't choose to have an abortion, Sebastian." She gave him a tentative smile, but it didn't reach her pretty eyes. "It's... okay if you don't want to be a dad. My momma raised me without one, so I'd be fine...I think."

That little I think was telling. Daisy no more wanted to raise a child alone than any other woman did, given the choice. And by God he would give her the choice of having him in their lives, should it come to that.

He cupped the side of her face. "If you are, then I'd want to be involved. I'd be there for the two of you. You wouldn't be alone."

The tears came then, hard and ugly. This was the last thing she needed. He knew that. She'd been under so much stress and pressure from trying to do it all that she'd finally reached her breaking point.

She curled into a little ball, crying harder, until he simply gathered her up in his arms and walked to the bathroom. He turned on the hot water in the shower and stepped inside, sinking to the floor and holding her until she stopped.

"We'll get through this." Tightening his arms around her, he exhaled. "Together.

"Promise?" she sniffed.

"I swear it."

She relaxed in his arms, his words calming her more than the heat and steam ever could. He only hoped he could live up to her expectations.

***

Daisy was late.

She placed her hand over her stomach, and then smoothed the material of her long-sleeved shirt down. Then she did it again. And again.

Sebastian hadn't touched her sexually in days, but she wasn't so sure that was a bad thing. In the meantime, he'd taken her everywhere, showing her the sights and keeping her going non-stop until she'd pass out his bed when they would finally get home.

She knew, like her, he was waiting for when she could take a pregnancy test. Even though she was as regular as rain, she'd given herself a week to account for stress.

Today was day eight.

"If you don't want people speculating on why you're doing that, then you might want to stop," Sebastian murmured, his head dipping as he smiled.

They stood in the family planning aisle of the drugstore. Condoms, lube, and every other contraceptive device known to man and woman were on the same aisle as pregnancy tests and ovulations kits.

"Don't you think when we buy-" she jerked her head in the direction of the pregnancy tests, "-people will figure it out on their own?

His lips flattened for a brief moment. "True, but it doesn't mean we have to help them along."

Edging closer to him, she chewed on the inside of her cheek. "How long would you want this to be a secret?"

Frosty blue eyes met hers. "For as long as possible."

Her blood turned to ice and her hand shook as she reached for the first brand she recognized. "I thought...you promised you'd-"

His big hand fit over hers and squeezed lightly. The ice in her veins thawed. Slowly, like a glacier melting in the spring. "Despite our rather public engagement, I value my privacy, and I'd rather you not be stressed by the extra attention you'd received if...you needn't be."

"I'm scared," she admitted.

"That you are...um...?"

Good grief. Neither of them could actually say the word pregnant. Maybe neither of them wanted the situation to be real, or maybe neither of them could handle if it became real.

Nodding, she chewed on the inside of her cheek. "And how I'll feel if I'm not."

He grabbed a second test and they began to walk down the aisle. "Let's get this over with, shall we?"

After paying for their purchases, they walked next door to the village's grocery store. Every so often, she'd hear the distinct click of a camera.

"Do you have your list?" Sebastian asked casually. Cheerfully. As if their entire future wasn't in her purse and possibly her uterus.

Perplexed by his sudden mood swing, she asked, "Why are you so happy now?"

He raised his brows and inclined his head slightly to the right. Another click. The doors to the grocery store opened as a woman, pushing a buggy with a small child in the front, darted through. The little boy babbled about something and the mother, replied with a, "Wait 'til we get home, Oliver, and then we'll play."

Daisy's heart rate kicked up. That could be her. Shopping. Alone and talking to her child, without actually understanding anything he was saying. She broke out in a cold sweat and her knees went all wobbly.

Somehow, she made it inside without falling flat on her face. The cool air and Sebastian's breezy attitude were actually calming her down. By the time they were done and headed back outside to his car, she was smiling and joking with him.

"Just because you're on vacation doesn't mean I am," she reminded him, taking the little pot of African Violets from the buggy. "I still have your brother's wedding to cater, which means more recipes to try out while I'm here."

He maneuvered the buggy to the cart return. "There is a God."

"Of course there is. Which reminds me, you made me forget to say my prayers last night, because I was too exhausted to even remember my name." They'd climbed eleventy-billion steps at the ruins of an old keep built on the edge of a cliff. Sebastian had held her hand or arm the entire time, cautioning her against slipping.

"I'm not helpless," she had joked.

Sliding his gaze to her stomach, and then back at her face, he had replied, "But I am."

Don't think about that. Be in this moment.

He gave her a funny look. "Seriously?"

She placed a hand on her hip. "My best friend is the daughter of a preacher. What do you think?"

"That she need never to meet mine."

She blinked. "Why?"

The corner of Sebastian's mouth lifted. "In his spare time, Liam travels the world, challenging theists on their beliefs."

Isabella's spare time consisted of mission trips to third world countries, running faith-based food pantries and volunteering at women's shelters. "Ye-ah, I think you're right."

"I think this is a topic best left to professionals," he said with a wink. "Religion's not really my thing either."

"Whatever." Frowning, she got in the car, watching as he jogged to the other side. "I wasn't planning on converting you," she muttered to the interior as he joined her. "Except to putting the steering wheel on the right side."

He closed the door, fastened his seatbelt and started the engine. "It is on the right side."

"Not for me." She gripped the door as he merged into traffic. "I feel all discombobulated."

"Hold on to your knickers." Laughing, he raced the car through the streets, making her stomach drop. She glared at him, but it was short-lived.

Sebastian's house was a short drive from the center of town, or rather the village. It was a beautiful place, all charming shops and sidewalks lines with trees. They even had to drive over a bridge that crossed a river with large rocks and a mill with a water wheel that was still in use. In short, so far, her trip had lived up to every fantasy and Internet image she'd ever seen.

She sighed as they went through the opening in the tall brick wall surrounding his property and pulled onto the semi-circle gravel drive. The newly installed iron gates closed behind them, leaving behind the outside world and prying eyes.

Three stories of brick with ivy creeping up the sides, back and front, greeted them, with lots of big windows. There was a kitchen garden in the backyard, filled with every herb imaginable. Flowers beds were everywhere. Bees, butterflies, and hummingbird flitted and buzzed from flower to flower. Trees ancient and graceful bent toward the house, with shady bases perfect for reading.

It was charming.

Sebastian parked the car beside the old stable turned garage, and then raised her hand to his lips. "You look exhausted. Let me take care of the groceries."

"Do all earls bring in their own groceries?"

He smiled, devilishly handsome. "This earl does."

Another sigh.

He was charming.

She was in love, and possibly pregnant.

Oh God. She was in trouble.

Glancing down at the boxes in her purse, she took a depth breath. In about three minutes, she'd find out just how much trouble.

***

Sebastian finished putting up the groceries in record time. Unfortunately.

He needed to find something else for them to do, because if he didn't, he'd end up making love to her again.

And he couldn't do that right now, not until they knew.

"I'm going to, uh...I'm-" Her face turned as red as the roses that bloomed in the garden. "I'll be back."

One look at her retreating form and he sagged against the door to his art studio. He was terrified, not only of possibly becoming father but of the lie that still was between them. The lie he still hadn't fessed up to.

After today, he told himself. Let them get through today and he would reveal all. He would confess, move Heaven and earth, and if he had to, walk five hundred miles on his knees to beg her forgiveness.

He heard the toilet flush, the sound of water running, and the door swinging open. His stomach knotted tight, like a hangman's noose. He lurched towards the stairs and she met him halfway, her cheeks still bright flags of color.

"Do you mind if we have a movie marathon today, instead of going everywhere?" Daisy asked. "I'd like to finish your grand tour of the house, too." She'd changed into her signature swingy skirt and form-fitting cardigan. The ring he'd given to her caught his eye. Today, her chopsticks were the exact color of the pink diamond in the middle. He knew this, because he'd had that pair made to match it.

"As long as you don't mind if I watch whatever you pick through my eyelids," he said lightly. God, he would need to be at home if the results were positive.

He followed her up the stairs to the third floor. She entered the theater first.

"I think I could live in your kitchen forever," Daisy said as he sat down beside her on a large sofa big enough for two grown men to stretch out on together. She curled her legs to the side and picked up his iPad.

"You only want me for my bun warmers?" He thumped his chest and let out a mock groan of pain, deciding that humor was the only way he could calm them down. "That hurts, darling."

"Bless your heart." She glanced down at his iPad, pressed the home button, and frowned. "Speaking of buns."

"Sorry?"

Handing him his iPad, she narrowed her eyes. "Why don't you read this, your royal ogleness?"

"My what?" He glanced at the screen to find a recent image of the two of them, only he'd been captured checking out her ass. The article was filled with questions and quasi-facts. Apparently, the two of them were playing house and a close friend of Sebastian's told the Internet magazine-in complete anonymity, of course-that Daisy was set on having the new heir of Spenserfield.

He ignored that part and whistled. "Check out the bum on that bird."

"That bird's bum is mine, and you're the perv checking me out!"

"Admit it-you liked it."

Her lips twitched. Yeah, she'd liked it. "Hmpf. Check out the next page," she said.

He swiped the screen. An image of her eyeing his arse loaded. As were the comments. After reading a few, he shutdown the machine. One should never read comments.

She turned to him. "Time's up. I left my phone in your car. Be right back. I want to be able to call Isabella and Haven if I need to, that is... if you don't mind."

"I don't," he murmured. Who would he call? His brother? His cousin? Liam?

"I'll be back in a minute and I'll get the sticks. We can look at the...results together." She hurried to the door. "And then make plans. Or not."

He frowned, listening to her light footsteps as she ran down the two flights of stairs and out the front door. After the first night, they'd taken to using the side entrance to the house, which was a shame because the front door had been what sold the place for him. The heart-shaped knocker something he'd thought Daisy would fanc-he jumped to his feet.

"Shit, shit, shit," he chanted, running downstairs. Please don't let me be too late.

He yanked open the door and there Daisy stood, a sort of blank look on her face. "Does every house in England have heart-shaped door knockers?"

Wordlessly, he shook his head.

"When did you buy this house?" she asked, her voice thin.

"Last spring. A very good friend said I needed to have a happy place," he said slowly. "So I bought this house with her in mind."

She opened her mouth, and then shut it. Her pretty eyes became shiny with tears.

"Talk to me, darling. Shout at me...I don't care, but bloody hell, don't stay quiet," he said, reaching out to touch her.

She stumbled back, shaking her head. "Why? Of all the people in the world you could have messed with, why me? What did I ever do to you?"

"It's not like that. I care about you." He took a step towards her.

"You only care about yourself," she spat.

He recoiled. Hadn't he said nearly the same words to his father after learning about Vladimir's deception? About his plans for a future Sebastian had no say in. Hadn't he done the very same thing to Daisy?

"You used me, and you lied to me the entire time." She struck her fist against her thigh. "You made me lie to the people I love, over and over again. I had to lie to strangers, to some poor woman, who for some unknown reason, is still in love with you."

"No, I take that back. I know why she loves you, because you're this charming, tortured man who women think they can bring out the best in. You're the hero in every romance novel I've read. A tortured soul who only needs the love of a good woman to save him. Ha! You're a liar, and the only thing you want is whatever suits you at the time. I refuse to do that anymore and I sure as hell refuse to save you," she added.

He stood there, unable to defend himself from the truth. Unable to do anything more than agree with her. "You're right."

"I know I'm right."

"And I would do it again, Daisy."

She fisted her hands on her hips. "Excuse me?"

He took a step towards her. "I'd lie, steal, and cheat to be with you. I'd pretend to be another man if it meant you'd give me one second of your time. If it meant I could show you another side of me, the one that I'm bloody terrified to show anyone but you."

"You'd really do this to me again? Are you really that obsessed with me?"

"Hell yes," he shouted. "I wanted you, I needed to have you, and by God, I got you. And. I. Would. Do. It. Again."

"You-you-"

Another step and another, until he'd successfully backed her into the corner by the front door. "Let me put it another way, so you can understand the extreme depths of my obsession with you: I saw, I came inside of you-" He gently touched her belly and her hand caught him by the wrist, fingers tightening around it as his hand travelled lower, lower still to cup her through her skirt, "-and I conquered."

"Conquered," Daisy choked out. "You conquered me?"

No. You conquered me. But he was furious, he was a man, and he was a Romanov by God. It wasn't done to admit she held his heart in her hands, not when she could crush it at any moment. He moved his hand away and let his arms hang down at his side, fists clenching and heart pounding. "Yes."

The world closed in around Daisy, shrinking and compressing her into a tight knot of raw nerves. How could she have been so stupid? Everything, the entire truth, had been right in front of her. His convenient knowledge of her likes and dislikes, where her parents were buried...everything. Would a background check have told him all that?

And now! Now she could be pregnant with his child and tied to him forever.

Brushing past him, she swiped at her eyes and marched off in the opposite direction of the house.

"Where are you going?"

"Does it matter?" she called out over her shoulder.

"What about the results?"

"I can't handle anything else right now." She started walking, and then paused. "Please give me some time to think."

His face softened. "My time belongs to you."

Biting the inside of her cheek so hard that fresh tears welled up, she took off in a run.

"Christ. Don't run, Daisy," he said, his voice practically in her ear. "You could slip on the wet grass."

Her rain boots squeaked and she slowed to a jog. "Fine."

"I'll leave you alone, if you promise to be careful," he said. The scent of him, all male, all expensive cologne and all... Sebastian seemed to wrap around her. She couldn't help but breathe him in. She couldn't help that she was still wet between her thighs from his blatant act of possession. From his reminder of the last time they'd made love.

"I promise." Then she slowed even more, until she was walking.

Hearing the solid crunch of boots, she turned around again, ready to blast Sebastian for not leaving her alone. "Oh, it's you."

Ivan smiled grimly. "Mr. Romanov said I must go with you."

"Of course you must." Frowning, she shoved her hands in her pocket and walked faster, splashing through puddles of water. She slowed down again when her boots slipped on a rock. On and on she walked, phone clenched in her hand, and mind on everything and nothing.

Here she was in a foreign land, unable to trust the man she thought she loved. Here she was in a foreign land, possibly pregnant by a man who'd admitted he was obsessed with her.

Though his choice of words had echoed hers.

He'd been mocking her, she realized.

Suddenly, a large shape began to emerge. All imposing lines and turrets rising out of the fog, like a fairy tale castle. Daisy forgot all about mocking, obsessions, pregnancy, and love.

All that was needed was a fancy carriage a la Cinderella racing up the gravel drive.

"Hawkfell Hall," Ivan intoned. "Mr. Romanov's family estate."

"He doesn't live here?" Her jaw dropped. Why in the world would he not want to live here?

"Not since he was seventeen."

As she drew closer, busses and cars came into view. People loading and unloading. Some in formal wear while others were dressed casually, smart phones at the ready. A family posing in front of an intricate fountain had their picture taken by a photographer. Snacks were sold in a medieval-looking building.

A bride and groom kissed under an ornamental tree while the bridesmaids and groomsmen threw flower petals in the air.

He'd turned his house into a tourist attraction and wedding venue? I've finally sold the house I'd shared with my father...

Well, she guessed his father would think he'd sold it all right.

She paused by a beautifully painted sign, describing the grounds and the house. Private quarters are still maintained by the 10th Earl of Spenserfield in the North Wing. An odd pang hit her in the chest. Why didn't he live here, at least in the part that was still private?

"The generous Earl of Spenserfield, my arse," an older gentleman said, adjusting his cap. "Traitor to God and Crown more like it.

His companion shushed him. "The current earl is a distant relative of Chetham. He didn't sell us to the Nazis."

"Ha!" another cut in. "So distant even I could be the earl."

"If you had that much money, you could've bought the title for yourself."

The trio wandered off, joining a tour group.

Curious, Daisy bought a ticket and did the same.

Visually, the interior was beautiful, something out of a period movie, with high ceilings, large paintings, and ancient hardwood floors that went on for miles. Everything in the house screamed old money and an even older history.

"This portion of the Hall was used in Persuading My Lady. A bit of trivia-the earl's twin brother had the leading role in the film," their tour guide revealed.

After a ninety-minute tour, the guide asked them to follow the exit signs out of the house.

Reluctantly, Daisy followed instructions, keeping with the group even as she spotted the door marked Private. She could pull up the insane amount of pictures on her phone of them to convince the powers-that-be she was the tenth earl's fiancee, but decided against it.

If he'd wanted to show her this part of his life, he could have, but he hadn't. So she would respect his decision and his privacy. Even if she thought he didn't deserve any of it.

Sighing, she marched past the door and outside, blinking at the sun that had finally chosen to come out from behind the clouds. Quickly finding an empty bench, she pulled out her phone and debated on texting Sebastian. She scanned the area, unable to locate Ivan. Most likely, he was hidden in the shadows somewhere, watching over her.

Her mind wandered to the results of the tests she'd taken The results.

The RESULTS.

At least while she'd been a tourist, her mind had been occupied, but now in the spring air, she watched families with babies. Every baby ever made caught her eye.

All. The. Babies.

Her vision blurred. Her eyes watered. Her breathing became shallow. Was she having a panic attack? Clutching her phone, she almost doubled over.

She let out a shaky breath and closed her eyes, letting the breeze cool her while she concentrated on the sound of bees buzzing and birds singing and-

"You are incredibly difficult to contact."

Eyes popping open, Daisy turned to find a well-dressed woman sitting beside her. She had pale blond hair and eyes the color of the flowers that dominated every bed on the estate. Daisy peered at her closer. The woman looked awfully familiar.

She really needed to stop closing her eyes out in public. "Are you talking to me?" Daisy asked.

The woman smiled. "Who else?"

She didn't look insane, but Daisy couldn't be too sure. "Um, you look like a nice, reasonable person, but I can't help you with whatever you want. Maybe you should ask someone with a uniform." She stood, pocketing her phone. "Have a nice day."

"Would you like to tour the private wing of the Hall?"

"I'm pretty sure it's marked private, because it's private."

"You're nearly family, darling," the blond said, "and as the future Dowager Countess of Spenserfield, I insist you let me give you a behind-the-scenes tour."

Daisy blinked. "You're Lady Francesca?" This was the woman who'd been emailing her, wanting to meet?

"Who else?" Lady Francesca mocked with a little smile. "Now about that tour-shall we? We have much to talk about, namely Sebastian."

"I don't think so. If you want to talk to your son, then go to his house and do it instead of dancing on your ex-husband's grave."

"And which house would Sebastian be occupying right now, darling? Or did he leave you here all alone?"

"We're living in the village, on Chippleway Stre-"

"Of course he'd pick that one." Lady Francesca's eyes narrowed. "Thank you for the invitation. I'll go there straightaway."

The fine hairs on Daisy's nape stood up. "But I didn't invite you," she called after her, but it was of no use.

Sebastian's mother ignored her and went on her way without stopping.

Rubbing her temples, Daisy exhaled. She'd had enough drama for one day. Sebastian could deal with his mother without her.

***

Sebastian shut the door and crossed his arms, leaning against the wall. "Why are you here?"

"Why are you here," his brother mimicked, and then grinned. "I was thinking there was just too much fun to be had in the world. So I thought to myself, who could remedy this tragedy, this great affliction of laughter and fun upon innocent bystanders? You, of course, came to mind first."

"Sod off, Christian." Sebastian uncrossed his arms and ambled to the reception room. The bathroom door down the hall stayed firmly shut. He refused to enter it. He refused to look at the results, until she came home.

"Daisy must love being here with only you for company," his brother said, his blue eyes missing nothing. "Any biscuits in the kitchen?"

There were, along with every other sweet he liked, but they were made for him by her and he wasn't in the mood to share. Ever. "No."

Christian shoved past him and made his way into the kitchen. Sebastian followed, stopping to wash his hands at the kitchen sink. He moved the pot of African violets slightly to the left and then dried his hands.

"You suck at lying, Bastian." Christian searched through the pantry, the cabinets, and the refrigerator, taking out everything he liked and needed before carrying it to the breakfast room. He set it all on the table and sat down, opening the closest container.

"Where's Zoe?"

"Holland Springs." Christian tucked into a slice of lemon pound cake with poppy seed icing, groaning his appreciation. "If I weren't in love with my wife, I'd marry Daisy. And if you weren't in love with Romanov Industries, you would, too."

"Hang on. That actually requires feelings. Never mind," he added, punctuating his insult with a wave of his fork.

"Get to the point," Sebastian said, eying the lemon tarts. Daisy had finished baking those right before they'd left for the grocery store this morning. Before she'd found him out and he'd mucked things up with his prideful nature. And the truth. He would do it again. "What's the real reason you're here?"

Wiping his mouth with a napkin, Christian leaned back in the chair. "I'm worried about you."

That wasn't something he'd ever expected his brother to say. "About me? What for?"

An uneasy look crossed his twin's face and he tapped his fingers against the table. "From what I've seen, you're not yourself. I think you've taken things too far."

Confronted with his brother's concern, Sebastian didn't say anything at first. Instead, he shifted his weight from one foot to the other. "I assure you I am exactly the same." Deceitful, dishonest...listening to the monster that lived inside of his head.

"So you say, but... My God, look at what you're wearing."

"Jeans and a t-shirt?"

"Exactly." Christian threw his napkin on the table and flicked his hands out. "When's the last time you've been in the office?"

"Last week, but I fail to see-"

"Were you out of the country?"

"No." He drew his brows together. "Should I have been?"

"Are you happy?"

"I was, until you turned up," Sebastian replied without hesitation and his brother shot him the bird. Where was Christian going with this?

"Did Daisy make you take her on a tour of London, or did you volunteer?"

"A little of both." Everything she'd seen had been an adventure to her. Every church, every tourist trap, and every shop an event worth taking about fifty million pictures.

He smiled fondly at the memory. At least he would have those. She couldn't take his memories away.

"Stop it," Christian snapped, rising to his feet.

"Stop what?" Sebastian asked, taking a step back.

"You never smile like that."

"So, I'm not allowed to smile, have fun, or miss work?"

"Have fun...have fun?" Christian began to pace the length of the room, hands clasped behind his back. "This is the only time you've ever missed work, excluding the stunt you pulled when you f**king disappeared for six months, without a bloody word to anyone, including me. Hell, Bastian, you took a lunch hour to attend Vlad's funeral. Nothing is more important to you than Romanov Industries. I'm right, yes?"

Sebastian didn't answer. He couldn't, because he was too ashamed to admit that he had disappeared because he was about to have a mental breakdown. He'd disappeared because he'd been too weak to stand up to Vladimir and running away was his only option. So he'd flown to Alaska, to the most northern part that was habitable by man and simply lived there, in a village, and learned to fend for himself.

But it hadn't helped, not really.

Suddenly, it dawned on Sebastian the real reason why his brother was here. The pictures. Christian needed Sebastian to take the heat again. "I've informed James to have the video taken down from YouTube. No one will dispute the bloody pictures. "

His brother paused, rubbing a hand over the back of his neck. "I don't care about the pictures. I should own up to them anyway. It's me in them."

"But your career. All you've worked for thrown away just like," Sebastian snapped his fingers, "that. Are you mad?"

Christian pointed at him. "You I recognize." He plopped down in the nearest chair. "For a moment, you had me going. Flew all this way for nothing."

"Don't let me keep you from flying back." Sebastian nodded in the direction of the foyer. "I have plans with Daisy tonight."

Christian raised his brows and smirked. "Going over profit margins for her catering business?"

"Something like that," he said lightly, unable to confide his fear to his brother.

"Some things never change and they never should, I guess. Might make the world stop spinning." Christian grabbed several biscuits, wrapped them up in a napkin, and stood. "Cheers, Bastian."

"Have a safe flight home, and tell Zoe I said hello," Sebastian said, walking with Christian to the foyer.

Christian nodded. "I know the way out."

Just as his brother closed the front door, the French doors in the kitchen swung open, and Ivan burst inside, dripping wet. "I lost her."

"You lost who?" Panic swelled inside of him, threatening to explode.

Ivan flicked water off his hands. "The little countess disappeared."

"How in the hell did that happen?" The worst possible situations flashed through Sebastian's mind. She'd left him, without a note of goodbye. Someone had kidnapped her and he'd soon get a note asking for money. A member of his family had kidnapped her and he'd soon receive a package with her finger or hand in it, if he didn't come back into the family fold.

Grabbing his phone and shoving it into his pocket, he strode to a large picture on the far wall and swung it open. The safe had been installed the day after he closed on it. He punched in the code, opened it, and reached inside to pull out a Glock similar to the one Ivan carried.

He examined it. All three safety features remained activated, until he pulled the trigger. Smiling grimly, he shoved it in the waistband of his jeans and pulled his t-shirt over it.

Starting for the door, he pivoted and headed to the bathroom. Without hesitation, he barged inside, read the instructions she'd left on the counter, and then studied the sticks.

His heart careened wildly for a moment, relief palpable at finally having an answer.

"Mr. Romanov?" Ivan called from the back.

Sebastian left the bathroom, determined strides matching his mood. "Let's go."

They exited the house through the French doors. The wet grass was slick beneath his boots as the sun sank below the horizon. Fog had begun to roll in-naturally. "Tell Boris to bring flashlights."

Ivan followed. "I've secured the perimeter around Hawkfell Hall. No Romanovs, besides your brother and mother, have been spotted in the area."

Of course his mother had been there. She'd probably been doing her weekly dancing on Vladimir's grave routine.

He and Ivan walked the property for an hour, finding no sign of her. No amount of texts or voice mails made her return his calls. He could only hope she was still too mad and hurt to answer him.

"Security cameras show her dashing off in the direction of the lake," Ivan said as he hung up his phone.

"Shit." Pulling out his phone, he texted Daisy one last time. Where are you?

She didn't answer him and his body became cold. Numb. He'd never forgive himself if something had happened to her, whether by accident or on purpose.

He ran for the lake.

Fifteen minutes later, he stood at the edge of the water and shielded his eyes with his hand.

He found Daisy, sitting at the boat launch with her feet in the water.

Relief shot through him so quickly that his knees went weak. She was safe. She'd been safe the entire time. Relief gave way to righteous anger.

He handed Ivan his gun. "Give us some privacy."

Chapter Twenty-Two

Small fish nibbled at her feet, tickling her, but Daisy didn't have the strength to smile or laugh.

When she'd first found this spot a couple of hours ago, she'd still been mad. Still had been hurt and unwilling to think Sebastian was anything but heartless. Was anything but a man worth knowing.

But the longer she sat, the more she began to think that she could have been wrong to have let her temper fly so hot. She could have been a little hasty in writing him off. After all, he was still Jules. He was still the man who'd been there for her through the never-ending bills, through her breakup with Glen, through selling her house...everything.

He was also the man who'd used his knowledge of her to do nothing but good things. Thoughtful things, like showing up when she needed someone. Buying her cupcakes for outrageous sums of money. Telling off Glen and Nina. Remembering everything she liked and didn't, had offered to pay for her bills by purchasing a billion cupcakes...and a whole host of things that people who cared about each other did.

But he'd lied to her.

Only-what made her so pure and good?

She'd been willing to lie for him for money. He lied to her for no other reason than to get to know her, to let her get to know him. The side, he'd confessed, that he was terrified to share with anyone else.

"Why in the hell haven't you answered my calls?"

Turning, she was stunned to see Sebastian standing beside her, his face harsh and his blue eyes like hot flames.

Her heart stuttered.

Despite everything he still made her heart beat fast, he still made her sigh, and...he was still her Jules. He was still her Sebastian, and had become everything to her.

"Did you actually fly to my house the night Glen broke up with me?"

"Yes."

So her mind hadn't been playing tricks on her. "And when you sent me the celebrity look-alike picture?"

"It was actually me at a bachelor party for Prince Damien. Christian has the exact same suit."

All along, he'd been giving her clues but she hadn't bothered to investigate them, mostly because it seemed outrageous. Heck, becoming his fiancee was outrageous, yet she had done it anyway.

"Does your time still belong to me, Jules?" she asked softly, not moving. Sebastian looked dark, dangerous, like he'd pounce on her at any moment if she breathed too deeply.

His face softened, just a little, and then he held out his hand. "Come with me, love."

Time seemed to stand still.

Slowly, she got to her feet and put her hand in his. He jerked her to him, his fingers going to her hair and taking out the chopsticks. They fell on the cement dock with a small thud.

"I'll buy you more." He started in the direction of The Hall, his long legs eating up the distance. She had to jog to keep up with him.

"Well, I did want the private tour," she said as they entered the family entrance.

Sebastian came to a sudden halt, backing her into a nearby corner. "Don't. I'm barely holding on by a thread. The things I want to do to you right now aren't civilized."

Desire arched between them. She ran a finger down the front of his shirt, and then slipped her hand underneath. His stomach contracted and he drew in a sharp breath.

"What name should I scream when you're inside of me-Jules or Bastian?"

He was on her in an instant, fingers digging into her shoulders. "Don't care as long as you know it's me. As long as you know I'm the one making you scream in the first place." Then his mouth came down on hers, his tongue breaching her lips easily.

"Which you-Jules or Bastian?" she asked as his teeth caught the lobe of her ear. She gasped in pleasure. His hand found its way under her skirt and ripped off her panties.

"Spread your legs."

Closing her eyes, she did as he asked. He slipped a long finger inside of her sex, finding her shamelessly wet. "If you don't want this, tell me now."

"I want this. You," she said, her voice trembling. She trembled, but not in fear. This was how she always wanted to Glen to be with her. Demanding, yet concerned for her pleasure. Sebastian's thumb pressed against her swollen clit and she moaned. His finger left her and she began to protest, until she heard the rough slide of his zipper, then the silken nudge of his c**k as he bent his knees.

"Took my piercing out earlier, so..." The head of him entered her and he flexed his hips, driving deep. She cried out in pleasure.

"Wait...we don't have-"

"Don't need it."

She gasped. "I'm-"

"Yes." He dragged his lips across her throat and slid the smallest of distances inside of her. She grew wetter and groaned. He nipped at her chin. "Yes, you are. Two results, same answer."

"Are you hap-"

"I'm bloody terrified." He cupped a breast, thumb brushing a hard nipple. "You?"

She arched her throat and he nibbled his way up, finding the sensitive spot just below her ear. "I'm happy and scared...and you're making it impossible for me to think straight right now."

"Talk. Later."

No further words were needed. He grasped her hips, digging his fingers in. If anyone came down this hallway, they would get an eyeful, but she didn't care.

A delicious friction built up with every thrust. Her entire being centered on where they were joined. Flesh to flesh, their clothes separating them. Tension built. Desire flamed high. She wrapped her arms around him, holding on for dear life.

Her body burst into flames, tension snapped inside of her, giving way to wave after wave of pleasure. He surged against her, his body growing taut as he growled her name.

"I love you, Bastian," she whispered as the tension left him and the room. "Now tell me your real name."

Chapter Twenty-Three

Sebastian could barely drag in enough air, he was panting so hard. Anger and desire had merged together, taking over his body and-

"I love you, Bastian," Daisy whispered. "Now tell me your real name."

"You love me?" he asked, leaning back slightly to look at her. She gave him a tremulous smile. "Yes."

This required his entire brain, not just the one he'd been thinking with when he'd ripped off her panties. He let himself slip out of her and readjusted his clothes. "Even after all the lies and what I said earlier about conquer-"

She placed a finger against his lips. "Even after all of that."

He kissed the tip of her finger before she gently pushed it away. "Tell me your real name."

"Sebastian Julian Westmoreland Romanov. Jules is short for Julian. I'm named for my mother's father, the Duke of Everham." He gave her a wry smile.

"So you gave me part of the truth."

"Yes." Brushing back her dark hair, he took her hand, lacing their fingers together. "But I meant every word of every email, every text, every chat...those were me, Daisy."

Truth colored his words, bright and bold.

She smiled. "Let's go home, Sebastian."

"You haven't any shoes on," he pointed out.

"Oh. Can we stay here or will you get Ivan to pick us up?" she asked.

Taking her hand in his, he steered her down the hallway and to the right, stopping at a bathroom along the way. "I'd rather not stay here. My memories of this place growing up weren't the best," he said through the cracked open door while she cleaned up.

Opening the door, she stepped out and gazed at him, happiness radiating from her.

The color in her face was nearly back to normal, though he knew the blush in her cheeks and the sparkle in her eyes had been put there by him. She'd fixed her hair, piling it into a large bun on top of her head, streams of multi-colored tips sticking out every which way.

She was the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen.

"What about now?" she asked, her head tilting to one side.

"Now?"

"After..." She glanced down the hall, in the direction they had traveled only seconds ago.

"Oh? Yes, well, that certainly-" He flushed and bit his lip, running a hand through his hair.

She stared at him in bemusement.

Yes, he, the Earl of Spenserfield, the former president of Romanov Industries, was actually blushing over sex. But it wasn't over sex. It was over the connection that flowed between them, the love in her eyes, and his baby inside of her. Dipping his head, his peered at her through his lashes, unable to quite meet her eyes.

Gently taking his chin in her hand, she tipped it up. "Never be embarrassed with me, Sebastian."

"I lo-not here," he quickly amended. No way he'd tell her here. They needed to be at home, at The Rectory. Safe, dry, and warm while tucked into bed.

Quickly navigating a maze of hallways, they soon arrived in a tastefully decorated room, much like the one in his London home. She paused at the fireplace.

Above the mantle hung a portrait of Vladimir, Lady Francesca, and two young boys-one small and frail looking, the other strong and tall.

"Who's who?" she asked, head back as she stared at the painting.

"I'm the one on the right. My mother always complained I'd stolen Christian's good health and her figure when we were little."

Daisy glanced back at him. "One twin is always bigger than the other and a lot of times healthier, too. You had no control over that. As for the other...she can get over herself."

"I'll be sure to convey your message to her," he said, amused and grateful for her defense.

"Why did you leave at seventeen?"

He almost lied to her. He almost told her that he'd left because he'd wanted to travel the world during his Gap Year, but he couldn't. "I found out that my title, this house, this estate...my past and my future had been bought from the rightful heirs."

Turning, she gazed up at him. "I saw a show once where the winner won an English title."

"Not the same." He took a deep breath. "My father paid off the rightful Earl of Spenserfield and took his place. The title and the estate had been sitting here, rotting."

"Why?"

"Why did he want it or why was it rotting?"

"Both."

She wandered over to a club chair by the fireplace and sat down.

He grabbed a remote off a side table and clicked on the fire. "Neat!" she said, unable to contain her excitement, and then she schooled her expression. "Sorry."

"It's all right. If I were seeing this place for the first time, I'd think it neat as well," he offered and maneuvered her so that he was the one in the chair and she was in his lap. He placed a possessive hand on her stomach and she leaned back, laying her head on his shoulder and propping her legs across the width of the chair.

Holding her like this, he felt safe. She lightly scratched at the nape of his neck. He breathed her in, honey and vanilla mixed in the flowery scent of her shampoo. A man could get used to this, even a man who thought himself to be a monster.

"Chetham, the earl at the time, apparently sided with the Nazis during the first World War. The Crown tried him for treason, found him guilty, and took everything away. He wasn't the only titled gentleman to be tried. There were barons, viscounts, and a duke, I believe. Later, they revised the ruling and declared that any heirs could reclaim their title and the estates. So far, Vladimir has been the only one to do so. It was bad enough to live with the taint of that, going to school and being the heir to a treasonous title wasn't the easiest thing, but I worshipped my father. He didn't care what everyone else thought, only his opinion of himself mattered. He was a god in my eyes.

"So, when I found out he'd bought the title, that we weren't actually related to Chetham at all... Let's just say that my hero worship began to die a slow, painful death and I let it be known."

"You worshiped him despite all the stuff he did to you?" Daisy asked slowly.

"I did. I loved him, even when he marked me with the Romanov tattoo on my back," he said, staring into the fire. "I should be proud, he said. I should be grateful for the blood running in my veins, he said. It could be worse, he said. I could have given you a bloody rose on your chest like Christian."

All over a fifteen-year-old boy's temper, all over Sebastian shouting in front of the wrong people at the wrong time that he hated being a Romanov. For his punishment, he been held down, tied up, and forced to endure hours of pain as one of his father's bodyguard inked him.

"Try denying me now, boy," his father had spat as Sebastian had struggled to his feet. His back burned, his skin felt stretched and thin.

He'd stumbled and instead of reaching out to steady him, his father had kicked his legs out from under him.

The touch of her hand on his pulled him back to the present. "Do you want to talk about it anymore?"

"No." He caressed her stomach, slow easy glides that hitched up her shirt and made it possible for him to touch her bare skin. It was hot and smooth beneath his palm.

"That feels very nice." She made a little noise, a sort of purring sound of pleasure. He kissed the top of her head and smiled against her hair, then frowned at her lack of concern. Shouldn't she be running away from him, yelling at him that monsters bred monsters?

Like his mother had? Oh holy hell, he had mother and father issues. Actually, he just had issues. Screwed up, needed-to-be fixed issues.

None of that seemed to bother Daisy.

Don't you think it makes me a monster?

No, it makes you human.

Even then, when he'd bared his soul to her in their texts, she'd not judged him. She'd listened and given comfort. Maybe it wasn't so unreasonable to believe he was worth loving.

She snuggled deeper into his arms, her body relaxing into his in soft degrees until he knew she was asleep.

Ivan ambled inside, his eyes missing nothing, yet the bodyguard remained the epitome of discretion. "Shall I bring the car around?"

"Yes. It's time I take the little countess"-Sebastian flashed a smile as he stood, cradling the woman he loved against his chest.-"home, don't you think?"

"Home is where she is, don't you think?" Ivan's lips stretched over his teeth.

Raising his brows, Sebastian nodded once in answer, and started for the private entry on the east side of The Hall.

"Will you marry me, Daisy?" he asked, but he knew she wouldn't answer. She was still sleeping.

However, the real question remained-would he have the courage to ask her while she was awake?

Chapter Twenty-Four

The next day, Sebastian asked her to attend a swanky charity event with him. Though he hadn't said the word swanky, she knew it would be.

So, she'd put on her sexiest dress and highest heels. He'd worn a tux and a charming smile.

Neither one of them had been able to keep their hands off each other while they were getting ready, while they rode in the back of the limo, or even when they first arrived.

But no one seemed to care. Some looked downright shocked, but not because they were humping each other in public.

No, it was the open affection he showed her. The way he brushed her hair away from her face or took her hand and kissed it. Apparently to the people who knew Sebastian that was the same thing as a preacher deciding to streak down the aisle in the middle of a church service.

Music swelled in the background and she turned her attention to him once more.

"Feeling alright?" Sebastian placed a hand at the small of her back and brushed her stomach with his free one. "Need to sit?" Without waiting for her answer, he propelled her to their table at the front and pulled out her chair.

He looked anxious. He looked a little lost. She inwardly smiled. "May I have a glass of ice water?" she asked.

Relief broke over his face. He had needed something to do. "Anything else?"

"Not until dinner is served."

After pressing a fleeting kiss to the back of her hand, he took off like a shot. She glanced around the magnificent ballroom. It dripped with elegance and money, lots and lots of money.

There was a sea of tuxes and designer ball gowns. A three-piece band played soothing music while servers in black pants and white shirts buzzed around the tables like bees. She couldn't help but notice how efficient they were, and how smoothly everything ran.

Someday she'd like to cater an event like this, but most likely, she'd never get the chance. Holland Springs might have more billionaires and millionaires than the average town, but this cosmopolitan gathering for charity was something straight out of a book.

"I see you finally wore the Valentino. You look smashing."

Daisy blinked at Kate, and then stammered out a thank you.

"I didn't follow the two of you here." Kate waved a cream-colored piece of paper at Daisy, before slipping it into her purse. "I was invited long before that."

"I didn't think you were following us." Daisy craned her neck, wishing for Sebastian to show up with her water. "Where are you sitting?"

"Here."

Daisy jerked her attention back to Kate. "Here here?"

Kate laughed, throwing her head back as she did, her ebony hair all caught up in a diamond tiara. She looked like a princess. "Have you bothered to read the name cards?"

"No." Daisy picked up a card in the shape of a house. Sebastian Romanov, Earl of Spenserfield, was written in silver ink. She set it back down and read the one beside her. Kate Von Lichtenstein. A quick glance to her left let her know that her name wasn't on that house either. A hot flush stole up her neck and down her chest. Where the heck was she supposed to sit? "Sebastian and I just arrived."

Kate's jade eyes were assessing as she raked Daisy with a snooty gaze. "I didn't think he'd bring you to this."

"Why not?"

"Because..." Kate exhaled. "I coming off as a real witch, aren't I?"

"My momma said that if you can't say something nice, then you shouldn't say anything at all. So I'm going to keep real quiet while you dig yourself out of this one."

"It's hard to see you with him. It's even harder to see him so happy, yet so anxious over you." Kate gazed out into the ballroom, and Daisy followed her line of vision.

In the center of it all stood Sebastian, holding a goblet of water while talking with a rather imposing looking gentleman.

"That's my father, the Baron," Kate said. "He and Sebastian have much in common."

Sebastian turned his head slightly, and she felt an electric surge go through her. It heated her, down to her very toes. Before they'd left this evening, he'd informed her what he planned on doing to her on the ride back home.

His sexy mouth lifted at one corner and he winked, like he knew she was thinking of that very conversation.

"And it appears you and I have much in common as well," Kate murmured. "He is extraordinarily attentive in-"

"Excuse me?"

Kate's eyes widened. "He and I were very young the first and only time we ah-"

"I get the picture."

"It's very hard to get over the man who's your first love."

Daisy pictured Glen's face and made a soft noise. "Sometimes it's easier than you think."

"I'm not sure why I'm even here." Kate placed her purse on the table. "This is torture."

"The music's not that bad," Daisy said, hoping Kate would take the hint. "A drummer would be nice."

Kate leaned forward in her chair, studying her. "If you were anyone but his, I would stay here beside you and spend an enjoyable evening. But I can't. I thought I could, but it's too damn hard."

"I'm sorry you feel that way," Daisy said, grateful that she could face Sebastian's ex with the truth on her side. "But I do love him, and I am his. All that said, I do hope you find someone who makes you happier than he ever could."

"You're very sweet. I don't know if I could be so kind," Kate said. A tear escaped the corner of one eyes and she brushed it away with a knuckle. "Maybe I should follow the Romanov example and find someone who's not what people would expect."

Then she rose, in a cloud of sweet-smelling perfume and designer silk, and left before Sebastian arrived at Daisy's side with her water.

"Was she rude?"

Daisy took the water and drank greedily. "She was sad."

He sat down beside her. "I'd forgotten she was to be my date for this."

"Your date!" Daisy sat her drink down.

"The event was planned last year. It was her choice to attend this event anyway. She had to know I'd bring you."

"Still...no wonder she was so upset."

"But you're not," he said. "You're glowing, in fact." He slid his gaze to her stomach and then back at her face.

She blushed. "Now I am."

He eased his hand inside the split in the side of her dress. It stopped mid-thigh but his hand did not. "You're very warm, too." She gasped as the tips of his fingers brushed her most intimate parts. "Very, very warm."

"You're making me hot."

"I've placed my bid. Shall we leave before dinner is served?" He slowly slid his hand from where she was wet and slid a finger over his lower lip, then licked it. Her entire body throbbed in response, like one enormous beat of her heart. "My car is waiting."

They stood as one, racing past everyone and not caring who turned up their nose or smiled fondly. Once the car door closed behind them, Daisy launched herself at Sebastian, kissing him hungrily. He laughed into her mouth and she drank in the sound.

A large hand eased up her dress once more and she moaned. He parted her, entering her with one long finger. Her inner muscles clutched at him. Working at the bodice, he managed to free one of her br**sts and wrapped a hot mouth around it. She arched, back bowing off the seat.

"Take your hair down," he murmured against her wet flesh.

With hands trembling, she removed the diamond barrette he'd given her to wear tonight from her hair.

"Gorgeous." He stroked her, easing another finger inside of her and curling them.

She grabbed his wide shoulders and held on for a moment.

The car began to move and she fell back against the seat again.

He stayed with her, his fingers teasing and the thumb he'd pressed against her swollen clitoris torturing her.

"Do you always get to third base in the back of a limo?"

Lifting his head from her breast, he gave her a puzzled look. "Third base?"

She glanced down. Her dress was around her waist and his fingers were sunk deep inside of her. "That's third base."

Comprehension dawned and he grinned wickedly. "Shall I tell you the truth or-"

"The truth," she said. "Always tell me the truth."

"Yes." He slid out his fingers and plunged in again. "Third base, second...first...are there any others?"

She giggled, and then moaned when he nipped at her shoulder. "Home, you forgot home."

"You are my home," Sebastian said, gazing into her beautiful face. Her cheeks were stained pink and her eyes were smoky with desire. He wasn't a glib man, not like his brother or cousin. He wasn't given to quoting poetry. Occasionally quoting pop culture references wasn't by any means romantic, but he could use his hands, his lips, and tongue to worship her. He would use every part of his body to bring her pleasure.

So he did just that, until she trembled and cried out his name. Watching her come undone in his arms was the most powerful thing he'd ever done in his life.

"I love you," he said softly.

Her lashes fluttered, eyes refocusing as she came down to earth. "What did you say?"

"I-" He couldn't say it again, not even knowing she felt the same way. Something held him back. "I love the way you look when you orgasm."

"Oh." She sounded disappointed but he wasn't sure, because she gave him a blinding smile and kissed him softly. "Thank you for a very nice time."

Thank you, he wanted to reply, for saving me from my bleak existence, but he didn't. "You're welcome.

***

Four days later, after dining on an amazing lunch prepared by Daisy, Sebastian took her by the hand and led her away from the kitchen. "We'll wash them up later."

"Where are you taking me?"

"You'll see," he said and opened the door at the end of the hallway with a flourish. "This is one thing you don't know about me. No one does, in fact."

Her eyes grew wide, taking in the paintings and sketches. Some were priceless works by artists long dead while their names lived on while others were his, humble and framed on the opposite wall. Maybe one day.

"Did you paint all these?" She gestured to the wall with his work.

"Yes." He wrapped his arms around her, settling his hands around her waist and clasping them in the front. "Does that impress you?"

She turned in his arms. "A lot." Rising on her tiptoes, she kissed him and said, "Maybe our baby will have your talent."

Something sweet washed over him. "Would it be so bad if he or she were entirely like you instead?"

Sympathy clouded her eyes. "I wish you could see yourself through my eyes."

He had. He'd seen himself at his worst, cruelly mocking her. "Hmm," he said and guided her to the fainting couch by a set of French doors.

"What are you up to?" Sympathy gave way to sparkling anticipation.

"Lie there and don't move," he ordered, taking great delight as she did as he asked. He unbuttoned her shirt, spreading it outward and revealing the curves of her br**sts and creamy skin.

For days, he had wanted to share his studio, where he painted and sketched. It was his favorite room in the house, aside from the bedroom, to be in. And now she was here, lying on an antique fainting couch made of silk and velvet.

She raised her hands over her head and stretched. His mouth ran dry. "Like this?" Her full lips curved and he sucked in a breath.

"I don't think I'll be able to do you justice, but I shall endeavor." He kneeled beside her and dipped his head, dropping a kiss in the deep vee of her cle**age. "The bra will have to go."

"Really, son, in the middle of the day?"

Sebastian jumped up and away from the lounger, heat creeping up his neck as he turned to face their intruder. "Hello, Mother."

Chapter Twenty-Five

"Now she shows up?" Daisy muttered. She scrambled off the lounger and onto her feet, buttoning her shirt. She slipped her hand in his and gave it a supportive squeeze.

"Don't bloody stand there like a plank, Sebastian. Mind your manners and properly greet your mother," Lady Francesca ordered, sweeping into the room.

"Why are you here?" Sebastian asked.

Francesca swept off her hat. "No maid or butler?" She held out the hat to Daisy. "Take this and put-"

Sebastian stepped in front of Daisy, obscuring her view of his mother. "She's not your servant."

"However, I'm sure she is serving you. You've certainly brought her to the right place."

The right place? Daisy frowned. A preacher and his family had lived here.

"I'll thank you to keep your opinions to yourself."

"Fact number one: Your father used this house to keep his English mistresses here. Fact number two: I've come to warn your fiancee."

Daisy stuck her head out from behind Sebastian's wide shoulders and let go of his hand. "About what?"

"Oh she speaks, and you allow it." Francesca smirked. "How charming."

"Mother," Sebastian growled.

"Leave him. Immediately."

Stepping around Sebastian, she faced his mother head on. "I don't want to leave him."

"Not now you don't. Not while he's so like his father at the beginning of things: charming, lovable, vulnerable...sharing the bits about his oh so very tragic childhood. Poor, misunderstood man that can only be changed for the better with the love of a good woman. How could anyone resist that? I certainly didn't. But when reality sinks in and you realize that you'll always be second and sometimes third best, you'll wish you had listened to me." Francesca extended her hand. "Come, let's go for a drive and I'll give you the real story."

Daisy glanced up at Sebastian. There was a tic in jaw and his hands had clenched into fists. "Bastian?"

"Go if you like," he bit out. "I'll not make the choice for you."

"You don't have to."

He slid his gaze to her, his eyes flashing.

"I choose you," she said simply, taking his hand and gently prying it open. She pressed a kiss to the center of his palm. "I choose your facts. Your memories over a woman who couldn't be bothered to stay or even fight for her children."

"Be bothered?" Francesca screeched. "I discovered Vladimir banging my sister on that very lounger, in this very room. And you knew about the affair the entire time."

Sebastian shook his head. "Christian knew, not me. He was our father's lookout."

"Stop maligning him! That poor lad has been through enough because of you. You stole everything from him."

"He's a grown man. And you've got your knickers in a wad because he didn't invite you to the wedding."

"An oversight, I'm sure. Besides, my sources tell me Christian was spotted at Heathrow this morning."

"Better get new sources, because Christian is already back home. He didn't come here to see you."

"That's not true," Francesca whined. "Zoe said she would talk to him."

"Only because my sister-in-law is too damned nice to say no."

This was not a conversation she needed to continue to hear or witness. "I think I'll go bake something." Daisy tried to leave. She inched toward the door and wiggled her fingers, but Sebastian tightened his grip. So, she took a deep breath and stayed by his side.

"Get it through your head, Francesca. We. Don't. Want. You," he said.

Francesca took a step closer, her hand darting out and slapping Sebastian across the face. "You're him all over again. She'll never be enough for you. Kate wasn't enough for you. No woman ever will be."

Daisy stared in horror at the red handprint that stood out in vivid contrast to his pale face. "Please Sebastian, if you let go, I can get some ice." This time he let go of her. She rushed to the kitchen, grabbing a towel and filling it with crushed ice. Her hands shook as she dashed into the room, bits of ice falling to the floor.

"Do you know why I married that bastard?"Francesca asked and Daisy skidded to a stop just at the entrance to the room.

Sebastian's gaze met hers, over his mother's head, but there was nothing behind his blue eyes. "Should I?"

"Because of you and your bother. Your father seduced me, on purpose. I had to get married because I ended up pregnant and thought I loved him," Francesca said, her voice shaking. "Vladimir said the first time he saw me, he had to have me. He wanted me like he'd never wanted another woman. Who could resist that? Only I didn't know the truth until a few years later. Romanovs conquered. They took, without asking, using any means available. He didn't want me-he wanted what I could give him-respectability and a son who would inherit a Dukedom someday."

Daisy swallowed a scream, of denial or outrage, she wasn't sure. Sebastian'd said almost the very same thing to her. I saw you. I came. I conquered. I wanted you. I needed you. I'd lie, steal, and cheat...and I'd do it again.

Doubt seized hold of her, razor-sharp claws digging into her heart.

Was their entire engagement a front for his real purpose? Had he engineered the entire thing: from his firing to his public bad behavior, because he really was obsessed with her?

The first time I saw you...

... so you can understand the extreme depths of my obsession with you...

Sebastian stood, straight and tall, his face impassioned as Francesca began to pace. His eyes closed briefly, then impassioned gave way to raw shame, and Daisy's heart broke for him.

If he really was this evil imitation of his father, would he feel anything, least of all shame? Taking a deep breath, Daisy marched into the room.

"Only he couldn't wait that long, so he shamed my family by buying Chetham's title. That's why your grandfather won't have anything to do with any of us." Francesca shook her head, pausing in front of the wall of paintings, her pretty face contorting. "Vladimir's death hasn't changed anything, damn him."

"Leave," Daisy ordered, going toe to toe with the woman. "Take your nasty mouth and nasty lies and get the hell out of our house."

"And if I don't?"

"Lady, there's a cast iron skillet in the kitchen, and I know how to use it," Daisy bluffed. Although she really, really wanted to smack the woman. "I'm not just talking about cooking either."

Francesca gasped. "You wouldn't."

Ivan chose that moment to walk into the room.

Daisy smiled. "Ivan?"

"Da, Countess."

"Frying pan, the big black one. It's in the cabinet beside the oven."

He lumbered off.

Daisy crossed her arms, smirking at her. "Anything else you want to say before you leave?"

Francesca made a face and smashed her hat back on her head. "I've said what I needed. If you want to stay with that monster, far be it from me to try and stop you further." She tipped up her chin and sailed out of the room.

The front door slammed behind her.

Daisy turned to Sebastian, uncrossing her arms and holding the towel loaded with ice up to his cheek. "Here, this will help a little."

Sebastian stared down at her, his eyes smoldering. "Ivan?"

"Da, Mr. Romanov?"

"Is the maid still here?"

"Da. She's cleaning the upstairs."

Sebastian slid his gaze to Ivan. "Have her pack up Ms. Barnes things."

Ivan left the room, cast iron skillet in hand.

"I don't understand," Daisy said, bewildered.

"You're not staying here a minute longer." He stepped away from her and crossed his arms, tattoo-covered muscles flexing.

Apprehension skittered over her, making her stomach drop. "Where am I going?"

"Home."

***

"You don't want me here anymore?" Daisy asked.

Hell, no, Sebastian didn't want her here, in this house, not when it had been tainted with Vladimir's sins. His mother's accusations and revelations. He was ready to burn the damned fainting couch.

He was ready to burn down the entire house.

"No." He watched the emotions play across her face, leaving devastation behind. He'd caused her pain. Honestly, his mother wasn't that far off the mark with her assessment of him. He needed to get Daisy as far away from him as possible, before he really hurt her.

"But you promised we'd get through this together," she said, her hazel eyes turning shiny with tears.

"I promise a lot of things."

She bit her lip. "Don't do this. You're better than him...you're not the man she claims you are, and you always keep your promises to me."

Listening to the confidence in her voice, he almost believed her. Yet another reason to terminate their contract and get the hell away from her. He should never have contacted her in the first place. He should never have listened to his cousin's open window speech.

"Romanov's take. Romanov's conquer. They want and get." He slashed a hand through the air. "Did I not say those very words to you?"

"Yes," she said softly. "But you apologized. Would your dad have apologized?"

No, but it didn't matter in the grand scheme of things. "I only apologized for my words, not my deeds." He turned away from her, moving to the window and looking out.

"Quit trying to push me away." She placed a hand on his shoulder and he tensed. "You're a better man than he is, and you'll be a better dad, too."

Christ. He'd nearly forgotten about the baby. Yet another reason why he should support Daisy financially and leave her and their child the hell alone. They'd be better off without him. "When Vladimir had a stroke, I put him in a hospital that would sooner kill him than heal him."

"Oh, well, he had it coming. I don't feel bad about saying it either since he got out of that place and died in an accident on a yacht with a female friend."

He let his forehead fall to the windowpane. "I tried to destroy my brother's career by letting pictures of him snorting coke go viral on the Internet."

"His bad decisions, his bad consequences. Besides, you took the blame for him. That's a great big brother. Looks like their situations were more about results than your evil plans," she said, her tone on this side of teasing. She was trying, God love her, to make the situation not as bad as it was. As it had always been.

"It was my fault Vladimir and his mistress were murdered, because I refused to honor past deals with certain entities."

"Wow. Those world domination fellows mean business." She snorted. "Guess horse heads are too seventies, huh?"

Was there nothing he could say that would make her not be on his side? "Bloody f**king hell, Daisy, would you be serious?" He whirled around, intent on shaking some sense into her. Instead, he froze at the sight of tears on her cheeks.

"I'm trying, but I can't." She shrugged, more tears falling. Her lashes were black and spiky, mascara running at the corners of her eyes. In her hand, she still held the towel that she had gotten for his cheek.

Because she cared about him. No, because she loved him.

In the space of a heartbeat, he held his arms open and she threw herself into them. "I'm sorry, love." He tucked her against him, stroking her back. "I need some time...a few hours to think."

"Okay."

"Afterward, I'll come to you at The Hall. We'll spend the night there and decide what to do later." He already knew what to do. The money she needed had already been transferred to her bank account, and all that was left was the Board's vote, but he wouldn't wait that long. The sooner she was back to her old life, the better.

Leaning back in his arms, she tipped up her chin. "Can we sleep in the bedroom that isn't haunted by the ghost of the bride who stabbed herself in the heart after finding her husband doing the maid?"

He gave her a look of disbelief. "That's the story they're telling now?"

"Everyone in my tour group ate it up. So I told the one about the ghost who haunted the well that my Aunt Jeannie and her sons use to make moonshine. The Feds won't go near that place. Except once, but that was during the day."

Oh, his giddy aunt. Where the hell had Ivan been? "You went on a tour, by yourself?"

"No, Ivan was there. You know, he has a really hard time blending in."

"I don't pay him to blend in," he said, fighting the urge to smile. "I pay him to keep us, you especially, safe."

A teasing light entered her eyes. "From all the other world dictators who get mad when you out dictator them?"

He guessed it wasn't the end of the world if she thought his dad had been a regular bloke. "Of course."

"Do you want me to wait to eat dinner, until you come home?"

"Eat without me."

Those teasing eyes of hers narrowed. "But you will come home tonight."

"I promise, and you know how I feel about promises made to you," he said with a playful wink. However, on the inside, all that resided was pain, betrayal, and old memories he had been forced to relive.

He managed to keep himself in check while the maid helped Daisy pack her things by organizing his art supplies. Though after tonight, he'd never touch them again. Painting was something his mother had taught him to do when he'd been little. But now he suspected she had taught him to do it so he'd leave her alone.

While Christian had been the talkative actor, Sebastian had been the quiet one. The one who'd rather stay with his mum than venture out to meet new people. Even then she had pushed him away, preferring his brother over him.

The pencil he'd been holding snapped in two. He threw it away with the rubbish.

Daisy rushed in the room, bringing her vanilla and honey scent with her. One last kiss goodbye and she was gone. He waited until the gates closed, before he pulled out his phone.

Text me when you get to the Hall safely.-S

Which bedroom? ~D

A grim smile fit his lips. Mine.-S

Slipping his phone into the back pocket of his jeans, he strode to the lounger.

Chapter Twenty-Six

It was almost ten by the time Sebastian showed up, hair mussed, scratches on his arms, and smelling of smoke.

Daisy sat up in bed, her heart beating like hummingbird wings. "What happened to you?"

"Doesn't matter." He stalked to the bed and picked her up. "I need a shower."

"But you're still dressed," she pointed out. She wanted to talk to him. The entire time he'd been gone, she'd worried. And all that worrying had led to four fingernails bitten to the quick, a burnt pot of soup, and bleach on her favorite shirt.

"And you're nude."

She clung to him as he strode to the bathroom and turned on the lights. The shower here was even more impressive than the one at The Rectory. He smacked the wall. Water poured from the interior of the shower and steam filled the air.

"I need you."

She gazed into his eyes. "You have me."

Stepping inside the shower, clothes and all, he pressed her against the wall and covered her mouth with his, tongue forcing its way inside. "I want to do things to you." He bit her lip hard, then soothed the sting with a little kiss and let her legs slid to the marble floor. "But I'm not sure you'd like it. Hell, I'm not sure if you've ever done what I have in mind."

She trembled at the raw lust and darkness in his words. She couldn't help it. "I trust you."

He ran a hand over his face and groaned. "Dammit, Daisy. That's not what you should say."

"But I do," she said. "I've only been with one man besides you and he only liked certain things, certain ways, so I'm all up for things I haven't done."

"Christ. I should've beaten your ex's arse when I had the chance. Selfish bastard." Water sluiced down his body, plastering his shirt to his skin. His gaze fixed on her. A gaze so full of despair that she simply hugged him.

"It's okay, Bastian."

For long minutes, he stood there, his body stiff and his arms at his sides. Slowly, his arms lifted, wrapping around her and holding her tight. "I'm sorry you had to witness that."

"It's okay," she repeated. "You're not responsible for her."

Unwrapping her arms from around his waist, she helped him peel off his clothes, and then she washed him. Gently scrubbing at the dirt, the smell of smoke on his skin, and the cuts.

He leaned against the wall and let her, making grunts of appreciation when she ran her hands over his thighs and calves. When she was done, she led him out of the shower and handed him a towel. Then she dried herself off, but he lifted her in his arms before she could dry the ends of her hair.

Without saying a word, he took her to the large couch by the bay window and laid her down on it, then left her, only to return a few seconds later with a box. "I've dreamed of doing this," he said as he adorned her with jewelry. A diamond necklace with emeralds around her neck, a string of pearls around her stomach, and dark rubies for her wrists. "My countess."

"I don't need jewels," she said and he raised a brow. "Okay, so jewelry makes this girl happy, but really all I want right now, at this very moment, is you.

He joined her, touching her reverently, like she was made of glass. Like she'd shatter at his touch, only she knew the truth. She'd shatter if he stopped.

Sebastian didn't stop. He kissed her passionately, made her moan as he used his hands to bring her to heights she thought unattainable. There wasn't a place on her body he didn't leave untouched.

"I love you," he whispered in her ear. Then he kissed his way down her body, pausing at her stomach. "And I love you, too. No matter what happens." Another kiss and he fixed his gaze on her, a tender smile on his sexy mouth.

Tears fell onto her cheeks. He stretched out beside her, touching her face and he kissing the tears away. "Why are you so sad?"

"Because it feels like you're trying to tell me good-bye," she said.

Instead of relieving her fears or even addressing them, he turned her on her side and entered her slowly, cupping a breast and telling her how good she felt, how beautiful she was. "There will never be another woman for me."

"I'm not going anywhere. I'm all yours forever." She pushed her hips back and he lifted her leg up, going deeper. "No piercing tonight?"

"Can't be too careful with you," Sebastian said, kissing her neck as he let her words wash over him. All his forever. If only that were possible.

Pulling out of her, he rolled Daisy to her back and slowly pushed inside of her. She made a noise of pleasure in her throat. "I love looking at you, your body." He gazed down at the jewelry he had given her, though she didn't know it now belonged to her. "Your sweet smile."

She smiled at him, and in that smile was the world he wanted.

It was a world he couldn't have. But he could have this. He could have this last night with her.

He dipped his head, capturing a hard nipple in his mouth. He sucked, bit, and tongued her there as his hips moved, as he plunged in and out of her wet heat.

Tomorrow morning, everything would end between them. Tomorrow morning, he might not ever come back from what he had to do to her.

She gripped his back, her nails biting into him, and he thought of nothing but her. Nothing but right now, while he was inside of her, and while she loved him. She loved him. Yes, she'd seen the best of him, but she'd also seen the worst.

Yet she still loved him.

"Harder." He had to be marked by her. He had to have some piece of her stay with him. "Mark me. Carve your name into my skin." It was already permanently carved into his heart.

A slight hesitation and she flexed her fingers, raking her nails down his back. Just like that, he was ready to come. He slipped a hand between them and stroked her swollen clitoris. Her mouth formed a perfect O and she blinked up at him. "Oh my God."

He surged inside of her, desperate for her, and came endlessly while she stroked his back and whispered how much she loved the feel of him, how good he made her feel. How he was perfect for her in every way.

His body shuddered and trembled. He was powerless in her arms.

"I love you," she said softly, and his heart nearly beat out of his chest. "Tear up the stupid contract, because I want to be with you without it. Let's get married and have lots of babies,"-A shy smile graced her lips. - "We're already ahead of the curve."

"Are you sure?" he couldn't help but ask.

"Yes." She ran her fingers through his hair. "All those emails and texts were love letters, before everything went bad, weren't they?"

"They were. They are." He leaned into her touch. "Every time I sent you a text or an email, it was another way of saying I love you."

"I think I've loved you for a while now," she whispered.

He exhaled, defeated and overjoyed all at once. "I'll tear up the stupid contact tomorrow."

Sighing happily, she snuggled against him, the remaining jewelry cold against his skin, almost as cold as he would have to be tomorrow. "Bastian?"

"Yes?"

"Why do you have so many unhappy tattoos, you know, after the one your dad gave you?"

Well, that was certainly one way of describing them. "Each one represents something horrible done to my brother, my mother, and my cousin."

"Oh," she replied, her expression thoughtful. "What about you?"

"No." Sitting up, he got to his feet and held out his hand. "Let's get into bed. The couch isn't a proper place for you to sleep."

"Will you sleep with me?" Her dark gaze searched his face.

"Of course." Not until after he said those words did she take his hand and allow him to put her to bed. He crawled in beside her and pulled her close.

"Someday will you get a happy tattoo, for me?"

He'd do anything for her, but his someday was filled with endless nights without her. "What would you suggest?"

"A cupcake."

Grunting, he rolled his eyes. "No."

"It can be an evil looking cupcake, with a skull and crossbones on it, if that would make you feel better. All the other world domination guys would want one, I bet, when you showed it off at y'all's next plotting-to-take-the-world-over meeting. Is there food at those things? I could make you a really evil lunch to take." She giggled at her own joke.

He clenched his jaw. Yet another reminder of what he'd be losing once he sent her away. Her view of him and his world. Her acceptance of his life and all that had been done to him and his brother, without treating him differently or with pity.

"Can you take me to Scotland tomorrow? Ivan said you have a few houses there that you let families stay in to keep them safe."

"He told you this?"

She smiled up at him, all at once mysterious and playful. "You're not the only one that has ways of making people talk."

Dear God, she was truly frightening and completely perfect for him. Maybe he should be selfish and keep her with him after all.

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Sebastian adjusted his tie and turned his attention to the woman he loved lying in his bed as she ate breakfast. Breakfast he'd served her this morning.

He'd waited as long as he could, as long as he would allow himself to be selfish, but in the end his love for her and his sense of duty to do right by her won out. "I'm sending you back to Holland Springs today?"

"What do you mean?" Daisy choked out.

He fiddled with his cufflinks, then shrugged into his suit jacket and buttoned it like it was his only defense against her look of disbelief and horror. "The Board voted last night. I'm back in as President. Your services are no longer needed as the requirements of the contract have been filled."

She threw her napkin down. "I don't believe you."

Walking to his dresser, he grabbed the iPad and handed it to her, watching as she read the article. Watching as her face went pale, then red and then pale again.

It gutted him completely. He was empty inside and now he wouldn't have her love to fill up the space.

The article confirmed everything he had said. The Board had voted, citing a major deal with a Hong Kong based company, as the major swaying point. Not once was his engagement to her mentioned. It was as if she didn't exist. Oh, except for the last line about him being repeatedly seen in the company of an American girl, the cousin of his brother's wife.

Cruel, harsh, to the point, and utter rubbish.

"You never really needed me at all," she said finally.

"So it seems." He took the iPad away and set it on the dresser again. "I've a meeting in Madrid this afternoon at five. You'll need to be at Heathrow by one. I've arranged for Ivan to take you."

"I could go with you. I said I could stay longer and-"

"No." He sat down on the bed beside her, longing to touch her. "There were conditions placed on the vote. One: that I agreed to never attempt to dismantle the company again."

"And two?"

"I'm to break things off with you and pursue Kate once more, for the connections her family has in Germany." He rubbed the back of his neck just as she began to chew on the inside of her cheek. Dammit.

"What about tearing up the stupid contract? What about-" Her mouth snapped shut.

Getting married and having lots of babies, he finished saying in his mind. "I think with all of the heightened emotions surrounding the pregnancy, my mother's appearance, and this entire fake fiancee idea, that perhaps we let our emotions get out of hand.

Her face flushed as her eyebrows raised, but she didn't say anything.

"You get to keep the money we agreed to, since I'm the one in breach." He tried to give her some cheeky smile, but he couldn't, not when it felt like he was carving his heart into pieces. "Shouldn't be too hard to manage, without me, eh? You'll go back to your life, without the Earl of Obnoxiousness at your side, and I'll go on with mine."

Turning her head, she stared across the room, at the beautiful view from his window. The gorgeous estate lake glittered in the morning sun. In the middle sat a small island with a stone gazebo. There was a small dock to the right of it. He would have liked to have taken her there, had a picnic, and made love to her under the sun.

"Daisy, are you okay?" he asked and she turned her attention back to him.

"No, I am not okay. I am the exact opposite of okay." She chewed harder on her cheek. "You've taken everything from me: my best friend and the man I love-just like Glen. Just like every man I've dared to love."

He had. He was exactly like that ass, but he could justify his actions to himself because it was for her good, not his. There was nothing good in sending the woman he loved away. There was nothing good in sending the woman who made him smile and accepted him for who he was away.

It was madness. He was mad. He was dying inside.

"What about the baby?" she finally asked.

"I'll have my lawyers draw up a contract for us that spells out visitation and child support. Of course, the child will live with you the majority of the time. It should live with its mother. Don't you agree? "The child. Not our child. Not our baby. It. How heartless he sounded. Well, he had learned from the best.

"Yay for more contracts." She smiled bitterly. "Although, I totally agree with this one."

He drew back, golden brows bunching together. That was not the answer he expected, although he knew he deserved it. Perhaps he thought she would fight harder and call his bluff. "You do?"

"Yep. You, Kate, and Romanov Industries deserve each other. I bet that menage thing y'all will have going on will make headlines." She picked up her fork and speared an asparagus. "Since we're all about confessions this morning, I have one of my own. I got an email from my lawyer this morning while you were downstairs. Turns out, I don't need your money after all. The insurance company made a mistake. I'll have the money reversed to your account."

She was the worst liar he'd ever met. Not meeting her eyes, he glanced around the room. "You could keep it, for a stake in your venture with Isabella. I've never owned a part of a catering business before."

"I have no desire for any part of me to be owned by you. Ever."

"But you will allow me to pay child support," he said.

"Is that all you want to be in our child's life-a paycheck?"

Hell no, but their child deserved better than him for a father. "It doesn't matter what I want. It's what's best for you."

"And Romanov Industries," he quickly added. He stood and placed his hands behind his back. "I'll be off. Thank you for letting me be a small part of your life."

"That's it?" she cried as he began to stride away. "The only thing you have to say to me, before you walk out, is thank you?"

He paused at the door, his hand going to the frame. His knuckles whitened and his head bowed. "The jewelry from last night is yours to keep, all of it."

"I don't want your damn jewelry," she said sharply.

"It's yours anyway. Perhaps...perhaps we'll see each other at the wedding and of course, when the baby is born. If you want me there, that is," he said, and then he left the room, the door shutting softly behind him.

He knuckled an eye, the lump in his throat suffocating. He couldn't catch his breath. Closing his eyes, he made himself take a breath. And another. Then a third before he finally could see straight and actually walk out the house and out of Daisy's life for good.

The fork Daisy had been holding clattered to the tray. The same tray that he'd placed across her lap this morning, bringing breakfast to her with a smile and a kiss. He'd helped her out of all the jewelry she'd slept in and placed it back in the wooden box, then headed to the shower.

Like a fool, she'd sat in bed, eating breakfast and exhaling dreamy sighs about him between bites.

She flexed her fingers, pain shooting through the joints. Her heart pinched so hard in her chest that she gasped and rubbed the heel of her other hand against it.

Closing her eyes, she fell against the pillows and tried to make sense of it all. But she couldn't. Eventually the pain ebbed and the sun rose higher in the sky. She set the tray aside and rose from the bed, shoving her arms into his robe and cinching the sash tight, as if it was all that held her together. Which wasn't far from the truth.

A maid came to her room and began to pack. Daisy kindly but firmly told her in no uncertain terms that the box of jewelry had to stay here as well as the contents.

Ivan appeared at the door. "We need to leave in twenty minutes, Countess."

She blinked at the word and glanced down at her ring. It shone bright in the sun, a reminder of her time with him. Of when he had thought of her and had tried to be more than what he was. In the end, he'd been right-business mattered more to him than anything else.

Twisting the ring off her finger, she placed it on the dresser and gave Ivan a wobbly smile. "Please, call me Daisy."

It took her only fifteen minutes to shower and dress. She sat in the back of a dark Mercedes as it wound its way down a perfectly maintained drive. Ivan turned on the main thoroughfare, the car picking up speed. As they got closer to his house, the urge to stop and take a keepsake of her fairy tale time there overwhelmed her. Though in nine months she'd have a permanent keepsake of their time together.

"Ivan, do we have enough time for a quick stop at The Rectory?"

"Da, Coun-Daisy." He grimaced in the rearview mirror. "He's not there."

"I don't want to see him," she said, meeting gaze. "Will you stop, please?"

He didn't reply. Instead, he slowed near the entrance and turned into the drive. The gate opened and the car pulled through. Ivan stopped near the front entrance and Daisy got out. For a moment, she leaned against the car and took everything in. The leafy vines climbing up the front, the profusion of flowers that bloomed everywhere. The front door with its heart-shaped knocker.

For a little while, this had been their home. Tears slipped down her cheeks. For a little while, she had deluded herself.

She started for the door, surprised to find it unlocked.

Looking back at Ivan, she asked, "Is it safe for me to go in?"

He nodded once.

Opening the door, she stepped inside and slapped her hand over her mouth. It had been destroyed. Holes the size of a man's fist peppered the drywall. Furniture lay in shambles, pieces and parts strewn everywhere. A sledgehammer lay propped against the stairwell.

"Ivan," she shouted, finally finding her voice.

He came running through the door, his heavy footsteps echoing. "I'm here."

"What happened?"

"Mr. Romanov."

"He did this?" She carefully made her way to the kitchen, but it remained pristine. Nothing out of place, not even the towel she'd left by the sink. The pot of African Violets remained where they'd been, to the right of the sink, where Sebastian liked them. Automatically, she moved them to the center, where she preferred them.

"After you left. He ordered us out, but Boris remained behind."

Of course he did. Ivan had to protect her.

She wandered through the rest of the house, her heart sinking with each step, each room worse than the one before it. She saved the art studio for last. Despite thinking that her heart couldn't get any lower, it dropped to her feet.

His studio looked as if a bomb had gone off in it. All of his paintings had been slashed, paints dumped, and the fainting couch-oh God-the fainting couch sat outside, its charred remains a violent gash against the gorgeous garden.

She whimpered, letting her head hit the glass with a soft thud. She pressed her palm against the pane. So many painful memories had overshadowed the new ones they'd created. Or maybe those were false memories.

Maybe the entire thing had been a dream.

Or a beautiful nightmare.

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Daisy had been home all of six days when her lawyer had contacted her about a serious buyer for her business. They wanted to purchase the rights to The Sweet Spot and operate a bakery in Charlotte.

She met Isabella for lunch at the park to discuss the offer. The two of them sat on a wrought iron bench, sharing a sandwich and cold pasta salad.

"Do you think I should take the deal?" Daisy asked after catching her best friend up on everything.

"I don't think I want to own a bookstore," Isabella said. "Nothing I used to want to do appeals to me now."

"We're pitiful right now," Daisy replied.

"At least we're pretty," Isabella joked.

Daisy said nothing for a moment, and Isabella gave her a what-are-you-hiding-from-me look. "I'm pregnant."

Isabella's tawny eyes widened. "Oh God," she croaked. "What can I do? What do you need?"

Daisy laced her fingers with her best friend of seventeen years and said, "I need a friend." Then she collapsed against her shoulder and sobbed while Isabella held her.

"I will always be your friend, no matter what," Isabella said after Daisy had cried herself out. "I love you like a sister."

Daisy smiled. At least she still had that. No one could buy her best friend's love.

***

"You did the right thing, Ms. Barnes," her lawyer said, adding it to the stack of papers she'd already read over. "Now you're debt free."

"Business free, too," she pointed out, but she refused to be bitter about it. This was the best she could do, without Sebastian's money, and the insurance company had agreed to reduce the outstanding bill to an even two hundred grand.

Lucky for her, the buyer had given her enough to pay off the insurance bills and the few outstanding bills she had due to vendors.

Other than that, all she had left was ten grand in savings. It was enough to keep her head above water, until her catering business took off again. This time without a storefront. Instead, she'd be conducting business out of her apartment.

Guess she was getting back to her roots, like her momma had done for so many years. And just like her mother, she'd be raising a child by herself too.

"That's all we need. I'll have what's leftover of the check deposited into your account." Her lawyer stood, extending his hand.

"Thank you." She rose and shook it, then walked out of his office.

The spring day was bright and cloudless, birds chirping happily as she made her way to her car. A strange feeling of someone watching her washed over, and she glanced quickly to her right, but no one was there.

Shaking her head, she unlocked her car and got in. Her mind was really playing tricks on her. While her heart...her heart refused to listen to her mind. Her heart continued to love Sebastian Romanov. Her heart was clearly an idiot that needed therapy.

And she needed to cook something, for about a million people, to feel better about how things ended between them.

With a sigh, she started up her engine and headed home.

Sebastian glanced down at his notes, then back at the Board. "Our second quarter earnings rose by three percent, outpacing predictions and shoring up holdings. Consumer confidence rose as well, stock in Romanov Industries is currently selling on the American Exchange at Eighty-five and a half." He took a drink of water and waited for their reaction, bored out of his mind.

Liam sat on his right. "Brilliant work," he said, and the six other members nodded their heads in unison. "On schedule for next month's meeting-we will take a vote on reinstating Mr. Romanov as President. Any further questions?"

A chorus of no's and after two rounds of back patting and handshaking, the Board left the room. Liam closed the door behind the last one and loosened his tie. "Drinks. I'm thinking seven-thirty, at Percy's new place."

"The one on St. James that doesn't have an entrance?" Sebastian asked, clearing his app of notes. Two weeks. It had been two weeks since he'd seen Daisy, since he'd talked to her, since he'd texted her. Since he'd been inside of her.

He swallowed.

No use in thinking of her. Just this morning she had signed the child support agreement and had emailed it back to him, with no other communication included in the reply.

He'd done what was best for Daisy, for the baby too. Even if he had had to lie in order to send her away. Even if he was the most miserable he'd ever been in his life. Nothing appealed to him. Most nights he stayed in his townhouse, locked in his room, vodka his only company.

Ivan barely spoke to him and Boris, who never said a word, glowered more than usual.

"Earth to Sebastian," Liam said, snapping his fingers in front of Sebastian's nose.

"Watch it," he snapped.

"Are you in or out? I'm leaving for Monaco this evening at eleven." He wriggled his brows. "Plan on surprising Verity with this trip. Strictly business, of course."

"Of course." He slipped his phone into his coat pocket and followed Liam into the hallway. "I'll meet you there, outside. But if I can't find the entrance, I'm leaving."

Liam punched him in the arm. "Text me when you get there."

"Yes, Your Grace," Sebastian said with a curt bow.

"None of that here." Liam pulled a face. "I'm plain Mr. Stewart and you're my employer."

"Then get back to work before I fire your arse, Mr. Stewart."

Liam saluted him. "Much better." He strode away, hands finding his pockets.

Sebastian opened the door to his office, intent on pouring himself a cuppa, when he noticed it was already occupied.

"Christian?"

His brother stood at the window, still in his coat. "The wedding's been moved up."

"Oh?" Sebastian moved to his desk, clicking on his calendar. "When? I'll adjust my schedule-"

"Zoe's pregnant."

Sebastian's gaze slid to his brother's face. It was pale. "You're not happy?"

"I'm scared as hell." Christian plopped down in the nearest chair and ran a hand over his face. "Me, someone's father? You know I'll screw it up somehow."

"Actually, I don't know that."

"You've met our parents." Christian steepled his hands together, pressing them against his mouth. "We are destined to mess up our children. It's in our DNA."

Sebastian closed the calendar and came from around the desk to sit in the chair opposite his twin. A part of him still couldn't believe that Christian needed him of all people. He'd chosen to seek him out. It had to mean something. He hoped like hell that it meant something. "It's in every parent's DNA to mess up."

His twin gave him a skeptical look. "Levels, Bastian, levels. I'm predicting mine to be at DefCon One."

Sebastian leaned forward in his chair. "Just the fact you're worried means you'll be a better father than the one we had. Just the fact you're faithful to your wife and put her above everything means you've already given the finger to Vladimir's legacy."

"You're so full of shit," Christian said, letting his hands fall from his face.

"Forgive me for making an effort to reassure my brother," Sebastian snapped.

"Reassure me? More like lie to me." Christian's jaw worked. "You think you're just like him."

"As you have reminded me often over the years, so do you," Sebastian said, his hands automatically fisting. "Can we ever have a civil conversation?"

"Sure we can-as soon as you're willing to be honest." The color had returned to his twin's cheeks and for that, Sebastian was thankful. He hated to see Christian in pain-emotional or physical.

Sebastian flicked his hands out. "Fine."

"Give me your word that no matter what, you'll be completely truthful."

Jaw flexing, Sebastian bit out, "You have my word."

"Excellent." Christian grinned, and then his face turned serious. "Did you really only set out to repair our relationship in order to become President again?"

"No."

"Really?"

"Yes."

"Do tell."

Sebastian exhaled. "I've wanted to fix things between us for years now, but my pride wouldn't allow it. The whole improve-your-image scheme was the excuse I needed."

"Damn your pride," Christian said with a shake of his head. "And damn mine as well. Final question."

"Only two?"

"Best not to overwhelm you."

A sort of odd tension left Sebastian's heart, replaced by the burgeoning relationship with his brother. "Go on then."

"It's a two-part question." Christian flashed a smile. "The first part-do you love Daisy Barnes?"

Sebastian stared at him. Love, not loved. Or even were you in love.

"Remember: The Truth will set you free," Christian added.

"Yes, I love Daisy," he admitted.

"Good job," Christian said softly. "The second part-why in the hell did you send her away?"

Glancing down at his hands, Sebastian sorted through his lists of reasons why he'd sent her away from him, then, "Because I thought Francesca was right about me. I thought Daisy deserved better than some bloke who couldn't put her before everything else in his life. Not even when it counted."

"You listened to our egg donor?" Christian snapped and Sebastian jerked up his head. "She's a self-righteous witch who's been playing the poor-pitiful-me act for years. Once a month Zoe gets a phone call from the woman and talks to her for hours, because I refuse to give Francesca the time of day. She made her decision, Sebastian."

"She was a woman who suffered through an abusive marriage."

"And that gives her the right to be abusive to you how?"

Sebastian shook his head, trying to make his twin understand. "It doesn't but she loves you, though. Maybe you should see her. She wants to have a relationship with you."

"Whatever. She's low on cash, since Vladimir died and left her out of his will. The duke refuses to give her anymore than her weekly stipend, despite her claims that he cut her off years ago." Christian stretched out his legs. "Besides, any relationship that comes with strings attached, isn't the kind I'm interested in having. I've got all the family I need." He tilted his head to one side and bit his lip. "Well, my family will grow a bit in about six months, but you know what I mean."

Now wasn't the time to tell his brother that he wouldn't be far behind in expanding his own. Instead, Sebastian cleared his throat. "Am I a part of that family?"

"What do you think?"

"I wouldn't have asked, you bloody git, if I knew," Sebastian grumbled.

His brother stood, holding out his arms. "Come give us a hug."

"I'm not the hugging type." But he stood anyway and kind of lurched toward his brother.

"Luckily for you I am." Then Christian grabbed him and nearly squeezed his internal organs out of his body. "I've missed you."

"I've missed you as well," Sebastian said softly, his voice breaking over the last word.

Christian stepped back, releasing him from his hold. "Now, about Daisy. You will be at the wedding, yes? It's actually next weekend. Will that be a problem?"

Sebastian straightened his tie, adjusted his cuff links, and smoothed his jacket before answering. He needed every extra second he could get to compose himself, before he blurted everything to his brother. "Of course it's not a problem. I've best man duties, but I'm not sure if Daisy can forgive me."

"But you do plan on trying?"

"I thought question and answer time were over?"

"Humor me."

"Yes, I bloody plan on trying and winning." Sebastian flashed an easy grin, though on the inside he wasn't quite so confident. "I'm a Romanov, for God's sake."

"Yeah...about that-"

"Too much?"

Christian held thumb and forefinger out, almost pressing them together. "Just a little." He clapped Sebastian on the back. "No worries though. I shall assist you in wooing your lady back into your arms."

Sebastian made a face. "Think I'll pass."

"But we're brothers."

"I've standards."

"Suit yourself." His twin shrugged. "See you on Thursday? You're welcome to stay with us. Although, I think my mother-in-law is making Zoe move out until after the ceremony, for good luck or something that goes along with weddings."

"I'll be there."

"Brilliant." Christian strode to the door, calling out over his shoulder, "Cheers."

"Hang on a minute," Sebastian said and Christian paused. "Zoe isn't pregnant, is she? This was some big scheme of yours to...to..." He didn't know what exactly, but his brother was an actor-a brilliant one at that-and had gone from scared shitless to overconfident arse in a matter of minutes.

"To make things right with my brother?" Christian asked.

"Ah-ha! Wait...what?" Sebastian asked.

His brother rolled his eyes. "She is pregnant and I did need someone to talk to. Who better than my big brother? See you next Thursday." With that, Christian opened the door and strolled out, leaving Sebastian standing there, staring after him.

He stared at the door, long after it closed. This was it, his opportunity to make everything right with all the people he loved.

His phone buzzed. A text from Liam.

Mark your calendar full for next week. We've meetings lasting into the weekend with Chen Software. Seal this deal and you're in.

This account was even bigger than the last. Bowing out of negotiations, even for family, would be looked upon unfavorably. Romanov Industries needed him to get this account.

There were no guarantees that his new relationship with his brother would last. Hell, by next week, they could be at each other's throats and ready for blood.

As for Daisy, that was an even longer shot at success. He'd hurt her-really, really hurt her-with his thoughtful lies. With the manufactured webpage he'd built. With the bit about Kate. With everything.

Every night he made himself relive their last conversation and the shattered look on her face. How it was drawn tight with pain. Her full lips trembling when he'd rejected everything she had to offer, including their child, by firmly placing himself in the absentee father role

He wanted to be more than that. He wanted everything life had to offer him. And his everything in life was Daisy and their unborn baby.

Rubbing the back of his neck, he briefly closed his eyes. He'd be lucky if she even looked his way at the wedding, much less spoke to him. Yet another relationship with no guarantees.

But if he closed the deal with Chen, then he was guaranteed to get his old position back. His old life back, his old everything back.

Where's your sense of adventure? He heard Daisy whisper in his mind.

His phone buzzed again. Another text from Liam, confirming dates and times. Sebastian's thumbs hovered over the keyboard for a heartbeat, and then he texted him back.

Chapter Twenty-Nine

"You've outdone yourself, Daisy," her aunt Leah exclaimed, floating by her with a dreamy smile. "I swear, sugar, your momma would be so proud."

Daisy smiled and thanked her, heading to the kitchen with an empty tray. She knew Leah wasn't expecting a response, not really. She was too caught up in the wedding, but who could blame her? The ceremony had been something out of a fairy tale.

The reception had been a huge success. She'd given out more business cards in the past hour than she had in all the years she'd been doing business. A quick glance at her email on her phone confirmed that at least a dozen guests had already contacted her about their events.

Business-wise, she couldn't ask for more.

Personal life-wise, she was an emotionally wreck. All she had done for the past month was cry and watch stupid movies about people who fell in love.

She'd had doctor appointments, lawyer appointments, more doctor appointments...she'd been probed, blood draw, weighed, and measured. Yesterday she'd heard the heartbeat of the baby, seen it wiggle and move on the screen. All she could think about was that Sebastian should have been there to share the moment with her, and not Haven, who'd let her cry for hours on her shoulder after the appointment.

All she could think about was she was as alone now as she ever was, but in about six months, she'd be very busy and very not alone. In another week, she'd be three months pregnant. In another three weeks, she'd be able to find out if she were having a little boy or girl.

The only thing that had gotten her through it all had been the support of Isabella and Haven, and the sudden rush of having to come up with Zoe and Christian's menu-two months ahead of schedule.

At least Zoe and Christian had decided to hold the wedding at their house, in their beautiful backyard. A genius move if anyone asked her. They could totally control almost everything, including who was allowed inside the festivities.

"Must be nice," Daisy muttered.

If she had had her way, there would be one guest that wouldn't be eating her food. Oh no. And he certainly wouldn't have been allowed to stand beside his brother, looking like a fairy tale prince come to life in his tux. Right down to the sun shining on his golden hair and the boutonniere pinned to his jacket that was the exact shade of his eyes. She'd been able to steal a few minutes to watch the ceremony, but he hadn't even notice her. Not that she would know what to do if he had.

Most likely she would have done something dumb, like run up to him and kiss him, then punch him in the gut for being the earl of Asshatland.

"You doing okay?" Isabella asked, intercepting her at the back door to the house. "Not overdoing yourself? Are you drinking enough water?" She looked stunning, wearing a blue and orange chevron printed dress with orange heels. Vacationing in the islands had been good for her, though Daisy knew her best friend wasn't over what her ex had done to her. Not by a long shot.

"I'm fine. Thanks for checking on me."

Tawny eyes narrowed and she handed Daisy a glass of water, crossing her arms and tapping her foot until Daisy had no choice but to drink it.

"There. Anything else, Dr. Edwards?"

"For you to sit down for more than five minutes."

"I'm pregnant, not dying."

"Just wait until the morning sickness starts."

It already had. "Because you've experienced it how many times?"

Isabella rolled her eyes and then smiled. "Fine. I'll stop being so pushy, but are you sure you're okay-emotionally, I mean?"

"Not really, but what can I do about pregnancy hormones?" Daisy asked with a little wink. She gave her friend a quick hug. "Go on and have fun. The band's really good-some guy named Jaxon Hunter is the lead singer."

"Mm-hmm. I will, but if you need me for back up..." Isabella words trailed away as Sebastian's best friend walked by. Liam looked back, his dark gaze raking over Isabella before heading to the dance floor.

"Who is that?"

"Liam Stewart, best friend of my baby's daddy."

Disappointment shone in Isabella's eyes before she frowned. "Oh, never mind, then."

Daisy grinned, the first one that had felt real all day. "It wouldn't be disloyal of you to dance with the man, if you want. I heard from Zoe that his fiancee left him for another man. So...you two have a lot in common."

"Doubtful," Isabella replied, but Daisy noticed her gaze didn't stray from Liam's retreating form.

Sebastian looked their way and caught her gaze. The air electrified. Daisy's hand automatically went to her stomach and he frowned, then began to stride in her direction.

Oh God, not now. "I need to go inside, to take a little break, okay?" Daisy whispered and Isabella nodded.

"Make it a long break."

Only pride and everyone watching kept Daisy's steps measured. Once inside the house, she placed the tray on the island in the middle of the kitchen and bent over it, head falling in her hands. There were no noises beyond the sound of the band outside.

He hadn't followed her. Disappointment rose, sharp and painful as it tried to hollow her out. "I don't care," she whispered.

For the rest of the afternoon, she kept her heart strong and tears at bay. She laughed, smiled, and urged the wedding guests to eat their fill. When it was over, she joined everyone else as they threw rose petals and blew bubbles at the couple.

Unable to stop herself, she searched the crowd for him. Maybe...there were no maybes, no wishful thinking that somehow they'd work it out.

Sebastian had made his choice, and it hadn't included her. Despite wanting to check on him, on his new life, she had forbidden herself to look at Internet sites that featured stories about him. It was for the best, really, because there was no way she could handle seeing him with Kate.

"He's not here, baby girl," Haven said, giving her a hug. "Your earl left about forty-five minutes ago."

Her stomach dropped. So much for wishful thinking she'd told herself not to think about. "He's not my anything, and I'm not looking for-"

Haven's silver eyes narrowed, effectively cutting Daisy off. "You are, and you know what-that's okay with me."

Daisy chewed on the inside of her cheek as they walked to the back of the house. She directed the clean-up crew while Haven shot murderous glares at Heath. He merely smiled and toasted them, then made a face at the couple-Isabella and Liam- still on the dance floor.

"Over her my tail," Haven muttered.

"Sebastian doesn't want me, just like Glen," Daisy finally said.

Haven turned her attention to Daisy. "I think you're wrong."

A soft snort escaped her. "You got that right: I'm wrong for both of them."

Pushing her pink bangs out of her eyes, Haven pursed her lips. "You're exactly what you are and it's exactly the friend I've always needed."

Warmth spread through her heart and tears gathered. Though she and Haven hadn't always been the closest of friends, like Daisy was with Isabella, she valued and loved her to pieces. "Thank you."

"Why don't you go home? I'll take care of everything else for you."

Normally, Daisy would have declined the offer. But normally, Daisy wasn't emotionally and physically drained. "I think I will. There's a hot bubble bath calling my name."

"But not too hot," Haven warned.

Daisy shot her a look. "Not you, too." But she didn't mean it. She was grateful for her friends. "See you later."

***

It took less than twenty minutes to drive back to her apartment, another two to trudge across the parking lot and up the stairs. She unlocked her door and went inside, only to smell food.

Brow creasing, she sniffed. It smelled like roast beef and carrots and potatoes, but she hadn't cooked roast. And she sure as heck didn't remember leaving the lights on. Maybe she had pregnancy nose and memory.

Her stomach rumbled as she walked further inside and then froze, her jaw dropping to the floor.

The table in the corner was set for two, with her china and food she knew she hadn't cooked. In the center of the table sat a very familiar looking pot of African Violets.

"Hullo, Daisy," a deep, sexy voice she recognized said, and she spun around, only to find her earl standing there.

"Why are you here?"

He shrugged and rubbed the back of his neck. His shirtsleeves were rolled up and his tie was half-undone. "Thought I'd make you dinner."

Oh my mercy. "I'm not hungry." Her stomach rumbled again.

Sebastian gave her midsection a pointed look. "You didn't eat at the reception."

"How do you know?"

"Because I watched you the entire time."

"Because you care so much, right?" She swept past him, ready to leave the apartment and go to Haven's.

He caught her by the elbow, his grip gentle but firm. "I do care. You look exhausted."

"All day morning sickness tends to make me less than pretty," she snapped.

"All day." Concern lit his blue eyes. "Have you spoken to a physician about this?"

She couldn't decide whether to be mad at him or cave and weep in his arms. "Look, we have nothing to say to each other, and I'm taking care of myself."

"Perhaps you need someone to take care of you," he said, pulling her toward the table and gesturing at the food. "Weren't you the one to say grumpy equals hungry?"

Her lips twitched despite her best effort. "Yes." He pulled out her chair and sat down, then began to serve her. Everything looked cooked to perfection. The beef medium, the carrots just this side of squishy and the potatoes soft enough to be pierced by a fork.

Ravenous, she took a bite before he sat down across from her and almost moaned her appreciation. It tasted perfect.

"Full disclosure: I did not make this meal."

"Hmpf," she said, mouth full of carrots.

"I had G.R. flown in and he cooked this meal for you."

She blinked at him. "For me?"

A faint smile lifted his sexy mouth at the corners. "I couldn't very well subject you to my cooking."

They ate in silence, mostly because she was hungry and didn't actually want to talk to him, because she might say something stupid like stay with me forever. Then he would laugh at her and leave. Only why go to all the trouble?

She grimaced, glancing up at him.

His fork clattered to the table. "Is it the baby? Shall I take you to-"

It hit her, then, right in the heart. Sebastian only wanted to check on the baby, not her. "The baby's fine. You saw the ultrasound."

He visibly swallowed. "Thank you for sending me the picture, but it's not enough. I want more. I want you and the baby with me every day."

She dropped her chin, her eyes widening. "You want what?"

"I'm a miserable sod without you." Sebastian got up from his chair, rounded the table and kneeled beside her, gently stoked the side of her face. "I miss you, Daisy."

"No you don't," she whispered. "You didn't speak to me all day."

All through the ceremony and reception, he'd been unable to take his eyes off her. When Daisy had finally sat down to enjoy the ceremony, her face luminous and her smile wistful, he'd stared for so long and hard that he'd nearly forgotten to give Christian the ring.

"You had me all tongue-tied." He smiled. "As a man in love would be in your presence."

"What about Kate and Romanov Industries?" she asked, shooting to her feet and stumbling back. Her face had turned pale and her hands trembled, as she fumbled for the bar stool behind her.

Fear raced through him. All this way to see her and because he blurted out his feelings, she would fall and hurt herself. "Careful."

"I need to sit down again," she said, her voice reedy thin.

Standing, he crossed the small distance between them, scooped her up in his arms. He walked to the bed, then climbed on top of the mattress and settled her against him, stealing a hand up the front of her cardigan to touch her belly. "There is no me and Kate, or even Romanov Industries. I wasn't voted in as president and there were no conditions in the first place," he said, silently cheering as her body relaxed against him. She had to believe him, or she'd still be stiff as a board. "I made the entire thing up so you'd be forced to leave me."

"What about the news on the website?" Her brows drew together. "It looked real when you gave me the iPad."

"Paid a bloke a lot of money to create it," he confessed. "I didn't think I deserved you, and for damn sure you didn't deserve to put up with someone like me."

"But that was for me to decide, not you," she said shakily. "How can I be sure you won't do that to me again?"

Again? Hope beat in his chest. "You can't be sure. I can only promise not to, and you'll have to decide if I'm worthy of your trust."

"Please, just stop saying all the right things." Tears pricked her eyes and her lower lip trembled as she looked up at him. "You're not being fair."

"Why is that, darling?"

"Because my stupid pregnancy hormones want me to forgive you."

Hope beat in his chest. He lightly caressed her stomach. "Does your very smart pregnancy hormones want me to keep holding you like this?"

Her head dropped back on his shoulder. "Yes."

He tipped her chin up and gently placed a kiss on her lush mouth. "To kiss you like this?"

"Yes."

"Forgive me, Daisy." He kissed her again. "Decide I'm worthy of your trust, and I'll hold and kiss you like this forever."

She blew out a shaky breath, the tip of one finger tracing the top of his hand. "I saw The Rectory...and the fainting couch the day I you sent me away, or what was left of it."

His cheeks heated. "I was furious. My father had tainted the only place I'd thought was mine. "

"I know, but you should have talked to me. You should have trusted and believed me, even after you decided to tear the place apart." Her pretty hazel eyes fixed on him. "Why on earth didn't you trust me?"

"I didn't trust myself, not after listening to-it all boiled down to I loved you enough to let you go and find someone who was a billion times better than me. Someone different."

"Better than you?" Her body trembled and his heart broke into pieces. "I never needed you to be different. I never wanted you to change. The man I fell in love with went to work with all the other world domination guys. Only my earl of world domination is a good guy where it counts. He just didn't know it."

"Marry me, Daisy." He pulled her ring out of his pocket and held it between them. "Be my countess. I'll take you and the baby to every tourist trap, in every country in the world that doesn't involve heights."

Laughing, she said, "I don't want the world, Sebastian. You're more than enough. I love you."

"Is that a yes?"

"Yes!"

He slid the ring on her finger and captured her lips with his, leaving him breathless when she finally broke their kiss. Cupping her face with his hands, he said, "So I bought this shop, called The Sweet Spot, and I need a manager. Know anyone?"

"But the buyer was James Franklin," she said.

"Listed him as the contact on the contract. He's the attorney who handles things stateside for me."

"You really bought my store? Anything else you're keeping from me, earl of sneaky things?"

"I'm no longer in the running to be President of Romanov Industries. Ever. I gave it all up."

"You're not?" Her eyes widened. "What does that mean?"

He bit the side of his lip. "It means that I am completely at your service, until you no longer require me."

"So no world domination stuff anymore?" She actually looked a little let down, and he had to grin.

"Only the majority shareholder now."

"But what will you do?"

"I was thinking of a long holiday. Perhaps a trip around the world, with you." He raised his brows. "But if you're too busy, I-"

"Can we start at Alnwick Castle?"

"Any Harry Potter movie landmark you wish." He kissed her nose. "Wherever, whenever, however. My time belongs to you."

"I love you, Sebastian Romanov."

He dipped his head and kissed her again, slowly, like they had all the time in the world to rediscover each other-which they did. He grinned at her. "And I love you."

Epilogue

A baby's cry woke Daisy out of a dead sleep. Before she could move, Sebastian joined her, their son cradled in his arms.

"I changed his nappy. He's better now," he said. "Aren't you, my fine lad?"

Rhys Westmoreland Romanov, the future Earl of Spenserfield and all of three months old, cooed at his dad. The baby was the spitting image of his father, right down to his pale blue eyes that showed no signs of changing colors. Her momma would have been proud, especially since they'd name Rhys after Daisy's dad.

She smiled at the two of them, her heart bursting with love.

Rhys began to cry again.

Sebastian gently bounced their son, but the baby wouldn't stop fussing. "I think he's hungry."

"I cannot wait for Rhys to meet his baby cousins and his Auntie Bella," she said, taking the baby from his father. Rhys began to nurse as soon as she put him to her breast.

Christian and his family as well as Alexander and his were due to arrive this afternoon, then Isabella was coming the day after that. Everyone was staying two weeks.

Sebastian was outwardly tolerant while she was outwardly ecstatic, yet she knew he was as happy as she. Slowly but surely, he and Christian were repairing the years of damage to their relationship. It wasn't perfect by any means, but they were trying and that's what counted.

Maybe being separated by an ocean helped when things got too tense between the brothers.

Living in England hadn't been the easiest decision to make, no matter how much she loved Sebastian. He would have lived in Holland Springs, if she'd asked him, but she hadn't. She wanted to be free to travel and enjoy life without the responsibilities of running a business. So he'd taken her everywhere while she could travel, and when the time had come, they'd returned to Hawkfell Hall to live in the newly renovated groundskeeper cottage situated on the opposite side of the lake, away from the hustle and bustle of The Hall, and set to making it the home of their dreams.

She was as happy and content as the baby in her arms. Kissing his sweet little head, she murmured nonsense words at him.

"Lucky," Sebastian murmured, stroking the baby's cheek, and then he turned his attention to her. "Are you happy here?"

He asked her that at least once a day, always worried she'd given up too much to be with him, but she hadn't given up anything. In her mind, she'd gained the world.

"Very." She leaned against him as he settled down beside her in the bed. "You?"

"Sitting in this very bed, in this very house, with you and our child, was number three on my new and improved Bucket List."

New and improved Bucket List? "What was number one and two?"

Placing a knee on the side of the bed, he cupped her face and gazed into to her eyes. "Win back the woman I love and convince her to marry me."

If she hadn't been sitting in bed, she would have swooned. "And number four?"

Kissing the tip of her nose, he grinned. "Who needs a number four?"

"You're really happy, then?"

"I'm beyond happy." He kissed her forehead. "I'm ecstatic."

She giggled.

"Gobsmacked." He kissed her cheek.

She rolled her eyes playfully.

He kissed her lips. "Blessed."

Her heart turned over in her chest. "We both are," she said, and then she kissed him back with all the love and hope she felt for their future in it.

