Part One

Chapter One

Eight days ago

Mairi Tanner was escaping. She knew tonight was the only chance she would ever get. Drake was gone, and only one of his security personnel remained, posted outside the door to her room. But he wasn't going to be a problem.

Earlier, the nurse had given Mairi sleeping pills, which she promptly pretended to swallow. In reality, though, she had only kept them under her tongue. The moment the nurse had left, she had taken them out of her mouth and crushed them in an ice cold glass of lemonade. It had been served with her dinner, but she had opted to drink straight from the tap, knowing she would need the lemonade for her plan.

Tiptoeing to the door, careful not to make any sound, Mairi pressed her ears to the door. Snores greeted her. Her heart raced in anticipation at the sound, but Mairi suppressed her excitement. The pills had done their job, but her problems weren't over yet.

Even though it killed her not to do anything, she went back to her bed and tucked herself in. And then she waited. The minutes ticked by. Outside, silence hummed, punctuated by random snores. But Mairi remained in bed, keeping herself still, ready to close her eyes and pretend she was asleep.

The door opened. Her eyes closed. She kept herself still as she felt the nurse move around the room. This would be the last round of checking until tomorrow morning. When Mairi heard the door close behind the nurse, she waited for a full minute before opening her eyes.

She was alone again.

Her gaze went back to the wall clock.

...thirty-five, thirty-four, thirty-three.

...three, two, one.

The minute hand moved to nine. It was time.

She got out of bed quickly, knowing there wasn't a second to waste. She had practiced her steps over and over in her mind, knowing she couldn't afford to make a mistake. If she failed and her aunts learned of her attempt to leave, she knew they would make it seem like she was a danger to herself. If that happened, there would be no escape. They would do it out of love, she knew, never realizing that doing so would kill her.

She needed to be with Damen Leventis.

She needed him like he was the reason her heart was able to beat for another second.

She needed him, and she no longer cared if he didn't really need her the way she needed him.

Taking a deep breath, Mairi walked towards the door and placed her hand on the knob. Closing her eyes, she prayed, the kind that didn't really need words. God would see through her heart. He would know it only beat for Damen now. He would understand.

Her gaze returned to the clock.

...five, four, three, two, one.

It was now three in the morning.

Quietly, Mairi turned the knob and opened the door. Relief hit her as she saw the guard dozing on his chair. As was his wont, he had folded his trench coat over the back of his chair, and Mairi reached for it with not-so-steady hands.

He didn't stir.

So far, so good, Mairi thought as she shrugged into the trench coat, which she needed to hide the fact that she was wearing a hospital gown. Since she had been admitted into a private posh clinic, the gown was made of the most expensive type of cotton. However, it was still a hospital gown, and she couldn't leave the place still dressed in it.

After tying the coat's belt tightly around her waist, Mairi walked straight to the fire exit and raced down the stairs. Her heart beat faster with every step she took. She knew it couldn't be this easy, but she couldn't help but hope.

When she reached the door to the ground floor, she took a peek, and another sigh of relief escaped her when she saw no one standing outside. The fire exit led out to the clinic's lavishly landscaped gardens. It was bordered by eight-foot walls, but she was confident she would be able to scale it.

What she did not count on, however, were the dogs.

Three German Shepherds, salivating and gazing at her with eerily menacing eyes. They were chained to ornamental lamp posts that lined the garden's pathways. Those were really thin chains, Mairi thought with a swallow.

She took one step out of the door.

The dogs tensed, their tails standing up, their eyes following her every move.

"G-good dog," she whispered.

Wrong words, as it seemed.

They lunged towards her, snarling, and Mairi ran towards the walls. A second later, she heard the sound of metal snapping. The chains had snapped. She tried to run faster at the sound, her heartbeat so loud it eclipsed everything else.

One of the magnolia trees in the garden had a branch drooping close to the top of the walls. Mairi headed over to it immediately. As she tried to climb the tree, looking for something for her foot to rest her weight on, one of the dogs finally caught up to her.

Bite.

Razor sharp teeth had clamped onto her leg, and she bit her lip hard to keep herself from crying out. When her other foot finally found something to step on, Mairi took a deep breath before kicking the dog away. Taken by surprise, the dog released its hold on her leg and she moved immediately, making sure to climb up fast and keep herself out of reach.

The climb was a hundred times harder now, the pain in her leg making her feel woozy, but Mairi didn't stop moving. Damen, she whispered to herself. She had to get to Damen. He had been calling out her name the last time. He needed her right now. That was all that mattered.

The world around her blurred. The jump from tree to wall had seemed so easy a while ago. Now, it felt like she was jumping from one end of a cliff to another.

From afar, shouts could be heard and beams of light from torches began to pierce the darkness.

Below, the dogs barked more noisily, angrily.

Damen, she thought again. Damen was outside, waiting for her.

Mairi jumped.

She went over the wall, landing on all fours. When she looked down, her knees were bleeding, too, and her wrists hurt badly. The pain made her feel woozier, but she forced herself up. She had to get moving before people figured out she was gone. She had memorized the name of the hospital Damen was in when she caught it on TV. Now, she had to find a way to get there, without money, without a phone, without anything. But she would get there. She had to. She needed to get to Damen no matter what.

Mairi closed her eyes for a moment.

Damen's face filled her mind. So sinfully handsome, with his wicked silver eyes and-

She choked back a sob, her eyes flying open as the Damen in her mind changed. Now he looked horribly beaten, his eyes swollen, his mouth bleeding.

Oh God, she had to get to him. It didn't matter what she had to do. Walk, hitchhike, or call for an ambulance and get herself driven there. It didn't matter. The pain in her leg blazed, but Mairi was numb to the hurt. All she could think of was him.

Damen, I'm coming. She would get to him. She would. She needed him. He needed her. And so for as long as Damen needed her, Mairi would be by his side.

Chapter Two

Seven days ago

"I received a text from Mairi," Norah said as she joined her sister in the living room. She felt so old and frail as she took a seat beside Vilma. It was as if they had aged a hundred years in the past few weeks.

Vilma asked stiffly, "Is she all right?" She would never ever forgive herself if anything happened to her niece. A choked sob tried to escape her. All they had wanted was to protect her. But in the end, they had ended up causing Mairi to risk her life just to escape them.

"There's no need to worry," Norah said, squeezing her sister's hand. "She says she's with Damen where he's being treated, and she's going to stay there."

The two of them fell quiet as they digested their niece's words.

Mairi was with Damen.

After everything that the Greek billionaire had done to her, she had chosen to be with Damen Leventis.

Did Mairi know what was going on in Damen's life now? It wasn't just that he was no longer a Greek billionaire. According to the media, almost all of his accounts were frozen. It would be a miracle if he even had a million to his name.

Although Norah knew her niece was in no way materialistic, she also knew that part of Damen Leventis' appeal was because he had fit the bill of the man of Mairi's dreams. But now that he no longer possessed a billion-dollar fortune? What now?

Would Mairi finally see Damen for what he really was? A man who trusted no one, a man who could be inhumanly cruel in his revenge, and a man who might be incapable of love?

Looking around their living room, Vilma could easily recount all the years that had gone by. It was here they had often discussed the stories they would read for bedtime, the debate becoming more fun and lively as Mairi grew up and formed her own strong opinion about her favorite kind of hero.

Closing her eyes, she remembered the time she and her sister had been right here, keeping an eighteen-year-old Mairi company as she wrapped the covers of her books with plastic. Mairi was messy with her stuff like most teenagers, but she had been quite the neat freak when it came to her favorite books.

Mairi was seated on the rug, legs tucked under her and bent over a sheet of plastic. "Maybe it's time we don't read about Greek billionaires. They're so predictable, don't you think? That makes them boring..." The words came out of nowhere, and Mairi spoke them without bothering to look up from her task. Her attention was entirely focused on cutting a straight line through the plastic.

Vilma saw Mairi gazing musingly at the cover of a Lynne Graham novel, one with another Greek billionaire hero whose wife had been an expert on ferns. It was a very good book, that one. It gave Vilma hope that one day a nice and rich young man would not think Mairi odd for being such a hopeless romantic.

Norah looked like she wanted to cross herself at the blasphemous words. "What are you saying? Boring? How can they be boring? They're excitingly unpredictable because of how they'd go to such lengths to show their love!"

Vilma asked, "Anyway, what do you suggest we read? Some Arab sheikh who's sure to force a woman to live in the desert with him and die of heat stroke?"

Norah still seemed extremely offended and wagged a finger at her niece's face. "And do not start again," she warned starkly, "about Dutch surgeons! Maybe some women dig men who have ice in their veins, but not us!"

They had been so offended by Mairi's protestations about Greek billionaires that it had completely surprised them when their niece suddenly burst into laughter.

It was then they realized in chagrin that the young girl had only been pulling their legs off.

Seeing the glowers on their faces, Mairi had gotten up from where she was seated and threw her arms around both aunts. "Oh, come on, you two! Of course I wouldn't stop reading or dreaming about Greek billionaire heroes. I was just teasing you guys."

Mairi had sighed wistfully, her gaze distant as she returned to her place on the floor. Absently tracing the now plastic-wrapped cover of her book, Mairi said softly, "I won't stop dreaming about my future husband, but do you think it's possible I could be the kind of girl he'd dream of?"

The memories pained Vilma. Her usually strong voice became uncharacteristically weak as she admitted shakily, "I no longer know what to do. I don't even know if what we did was right."

They had never really known about what Mairi had gone through when she was in high school. If their niece had her way, they wouldn't have known at all. But then that odious woman Farah had entered the picture, and there was Stavros, too. It was as if the past had suddenly come to life, and it demanded Norah and Vilma to revisit the facts.

And when they did, what they learned broke their hearts.

Mairi had chosen to be expelled, had chosen not to fight for herself and her rights, had swallowed everything people threw at her because she did not want anyone blaming Norah and Vilma for who she was. Their sweet gentle Mairi, who had not one mean bone in her body, had gone ballistic when her school's principal suggested Norah and Vilma were bad influences on her.

And they were, Vilma thought sickly. Everything that had happened to Mairi was their fault. They had encouraged Mairi to dream, foolishly, and they had lived vicariously through her dreams, never pausing to think what those dreams could do to Mairi.

Tears stung Vilma's eyes as she remembered the time Mairi had flown home to them from Greece. She had been trying so hard to smile, not wanting to worry her aunts.

"Are you all right, Mairi?" Norah had demanded brokenly.

"I'm fine, Aunt. I just...I just need to..." Mairi's voice had caught, and the pain that had flashed in her eyes was so bleak it made Norah start to cry and had Vilma feeling like she was about to lose control in public for the first time.

"I need your help," Mairi whispered. "Can you help me to stop...dreaming? Because the dreams...they're not real. And I just want to stop dreaming."

Vilma began hoarsely, "When I found out what Damen Leventis did to her, all I wanted was to protect Mairi...to make her strong. I thought giving her Drake Morrison to protect her was right. I thought with Drake, she would learn to be strong and learn what we couldn't teach her. I wanted her so strong that no one would ever have the power to hurt her." She shook her head wearily. "But she ran away from us, Norah. She ran away."

Norah inhaled painfully at her sister's words. In her mind, she remembered the blood on the ground that the guards had shown them - blood that their little Mairi had shed in order to escape the dogs. In order to escape them.

They had forced Mairi to bleed, to run away like a common criminal, to hide from them just so she could be with Damen Leventis, a man who had never stopped hurting her.

Norah gripped her sister's hand tightly. "I don't know any more than you do, but maybe this time we can...we can trust her. If she wants to be with Damen Leventis, then we can just be there for her, the way she's always trusted us."

Vilma slowly nodded. "We may be able to pull some strings and get information about what's caused Damen Leventis' rights to be taken away and make it a matter of legal dispute. But if we do this, Esther Leventis and perhaps the Kokinos clan will be our enemies as well."

"Let her do her worst." Norah's voice, normally gentle, became hard and uncompromising. "This time, we will truly stand by Mairi's side and we will do our best not to let her down."

Chapter Three

6 Days Ago

Drake Morrison pressed Delete after reading the file the head of his security team emailed him. Afterwards, he calmly proceeded with destroying all the information he had filed about Mairi Tanner. But when he came to the new data he had received regarding Damen Leventis and all his interests, Drake hesitated. He recalled the earlier conversation he had with his security head on the phone.

'How grave was her injury?' Drake asked. He had a difficult time not reacting to the photo he held in his hand. Being ex-army had made him immune to the sight of blood a long time ago. But the fact that the photo showed evidence of Mairi suffering, of Mairi bleeding - the fact that he had forced a young woman to such desperate straits was what was making his stomach turn over.

"The nearest hospital was just a block away, but she didn't admit herself there. She went straight to Damen Leventis' hospital. She also appeared not to have any money with her as she paid the cab driver with her bracelet."

Drake breathed harshly. "Did she get treated right away there?"

"No. She insisted on seeing Damen first. She went hysterical when the staff didn't allow her into his room. Damen's sister arrived about thirty minutes later and that was when she was finally able to get in."

Slowly, Drake swung his chair around so he could hold the photo over the wastebasket. He lit up one corner using his lighter. As the tip of the photo began to burn, the flame engulfing the entire photo in seconds, Drake slowly allowed the ashes to fall.

It reminded him of the time he still had nightmares of, a day when ashes rained all around. He remembered her. A short-haired brunette whose eyes were always compassionate, even when they had witnessed inhumane acts over and over during the war. Even when Drake had been forced to abandon her, she had not stopped looking at him like he was her hero.

Go, Drake. I can't keep up and I won't be able to save the hostage.

I can't f**king leave you-

Yes. You can. You have to. Now go! It's either me or the hostage, and you know I'd rather kill myself if an innocent dies because of me. So please go.

I'll come back for you.

I know you will.

And he had gone back for her, but by then he was too late. She had disappeared.

In a moment of uncontrollable rage, Drake kicked the waste basket away as he got to his feet. He punched the wall in sheer fury, and the cement cracked under his fist. He was no hero, never was, and never would be. His failure to rescue her had been proof of that, and all these years the only thing he had been able to do was find ways to convince himself that Paige could have survived. That Paige was alive.

Now he understood why he had been so damn determined to woo Yanna Everleigh away, even if it had been obvious she was in love with her Dutch billionaire boss. If Yanna had fallen for him, her secret bodyguard, then maybe Paige could have suffered from Stockholm Syndrome and fallen for her own captor. If she had, life would have been good for her. She was the kind that any man could fall in love with.

But if she had not, then she would have fought to the death.

Now he understood why he had been so damn determined to push Mairi past her limits and force her to be strong. If Mairi had been able to cope, even when it felt like the man she loved more than life had abandoned her, then it would have meant Paige could also have survived.

And Mairi had survived, but at what cost?

If he had the chance to turn back time, would he have changed his mind?

The answer had Drake stalking back to his table. He transferred all the data he had to make or break Damen Leventis into a memory stick. He had used Mairi callously, selfishly, and ruthlessly. He would never be able to make it up to her, but at least what he had in his hands could secure her future with Leventis.

I'm sorry, Mairi. I'm sorry I had to use you.

He had needed to see Mairi fight with everything she had to be strong. It was the only way to make himself believe that somewhere in this world, Paige was alive and was waiting for him to save her.

Stay alive, Paige. Stay alive for me.

Part Two

Chapter One

She said: To wed a Greek billionaire, one must be prepared to have all expectations surpassed.

He said: You're being sarcastic, aren't you? Our wedding was like a hole-in-the-wall affair and I still think we should marry again. You deserve a proper-

She said: I mean it. My every dream came true when I saw you waiting for me.

Note to editor: We'll get back to drafting this chapter later. My beloved wife has just given me a raging hard-on that cannot be ignored a moment longer.

A tall dark-haired man stood with his back to the windows, sunlight cascading from behind to lay golden stripes on the royal blue carpet. He had the strong classic features of a Greek god, but marring its perfection were the faintest shadows of bruises that were still in the process of healing. He was dressed in a well-tailored black suit, with a snowy white shirt underneath.

The room he was in had marble floors, expensive stenciled wallpaper, and high vaulted ceilings. At two hundred square meters, the room was the largest in the building and cost more than a thousand dollars at night, something not any ordinary person could afford.

Even so, there was no denying the truth.

This was a hospital room, and it was not fit to be the wedding venue for a man who was once a billionaire.

When the door opened, Damen Leventis drew his breath sharply at the sight that greeted him. Standing in the doorway was the girl he would risk everything for.

Mairi Tanner.

The girl who had captured his heart...and whose heart his own cruelty and cynicism had caused to break...over and over.

For a moment, all they did was stare at each other.

Memories, short but vivid, passed through his mind, and Damen's fists clenched at his sides.

So many memories...

Mairi, the first time he had seen her in Diana's school, her beautiful smiling face a picture of innocence and optimism...

Mairi, the first time he had kissed her, and with a dazed look in her eyes, all she could say was 'hi'...

Mairi, the first time he had told her the truth about his engagement to Alina Kokinos, and she could only look at him helplessly as if wanting to stop loving him but unable to...

Damen's chest heaved.

So many damn memories, and most of them were darkened by the pain he had caused Mairi.

If he was an honorable man, he would cancel the wedding and let her go. She deserved someone better, someone who would never cause her to cry a single teardrop.

But he was not an honorable man when it came to Mairi.

He was a man whose heart no longer belonged to himself, a man whose life would be forfeit if she ever left his side.

He would never let her go. It didn't matter if she no longer loved him. It didn't matter if she only chose to stay with him out of pity.

Damen would take Mairi any way he could.

****

Mairi smoothed one trembling hand over the lacy overskirt of her dress, a concoction of white silk that her best friend Velvet Lambert-Sallis had especially ordered for her. Velvet was on her honeymoon now, and it was only at Mairi's insistence that neither Velvet nor Mandy had come to her wedding. Everything about her life now was a mess, and she didn't want her friends to suffer from any kind of public backlash because of her.

As the stylist continued to weave her hair into artful curls, Mairi let her gaze drift around the spacious walk-in closet of Damen's hospital room, now serving as her temporary bridal boudoir.

Next to the door was a lovely waist-high rosewood cabinet, and gracing its top was a vase of exotic roses sent by Drake Morrison. The flowers had come with a handwritten note, and remembering the message made Mairi hastily blink back tears.

In your heart, you never betrayed him.

And he knows that.

"I'll be placing the wreath now," the stylist announced.

Mairi nodded, her eyes going to her reflection. The wreath was a gift from her aunts, a work of art made from gold-plated vines and pearls roped in the shape of flowers. They had spoken on the phone last night, and when the memory of their conversation fluttered inside her mind, Mairi had to take deep breaths to keep herself from breaking down.

'We so badly want to be there, Mairi, but right now we can help you more if we stay here,' Vilma had said.

'This time, dear girl, we'll be fighting for you. And all we ask is that you be strong for us. Can you do that for us, Mairi?' Norah had asked.

The stylist stepped back to admire his handiwork. "There, we're done..."

Mairi slid her feet into the shoes that looked very much like glass slippers, a gift from Diana Leventis and her classmates. The girls had used their own allowance to buy Mairi their gift, and they had sent it with a selfie photo of the entire class.

We love you, Ms. Yay!

Thank you for teaching us to dream.

Slowly, she stood up, and the stylist took her hand to draw Mairi towards the full-length mirror at the side of the room.

A young woman looked back at her, dressed in a white silk dress that bared her shoulders and emphasized the slimness of her waist before falling to a loose ballerina skirt that fell a few inches past her knees.

So many people had suffered because of her foolish heart and her decision to love blindly.

This time, it would be different.

This time, she would be strong for everyone.

It might be a mistake to love Damen after everything, but it was a mistake that she knew she would make over and over again.

She loved Damen, and she would always love him but this time, she would make sure her love would hurt no one - not her aunts, not her friends, not even Damen - but herself.

"Are you ready?"

It was not the stylist who spoke. This time, the low, dark voice came from Ioniko Vlahos, one of the few persons who had remained at her side from the very start. Dressed in a dove gray suit, the Greek billionaire had insisted on the honor of giving her away when he realized that neither Mairi nor Damen would be dissuaded from their decision to marry before leaving the hospital.

She nodded.

Ioniko moved to her side and gently took her arm. Looking down at Mairi, he realized that a part of him had always known this beautiful young woman would never belong to him. From the very start, Mairi only had eyes for one Greek billionaire.

Still, he had to ask, "You are sure of this?"

A brief smile touched her lips as she answered honestly, "It's what I've always dreamed of."

Ioniko's lips curved.

That explained it all, really.

Since Damen Leventis was no longer a Greek billionaire, that really explained it all.

****

Damen's chest tightened with each step Mairi took towards him.

Beside him, Damen's best man said under his breath, "You must allow yourself to breathe, my friend." He was Stavros Manolis, another Greek billionaire whose looks and power had turned him into a celebrity figure. Notorious for being reclusive and aloof, Stavros had shocked the world when it was revealed that he, too, had been vying for the hand of Mairi Tanner, now labelled as a modern-day Mata Hari.

Color stained Damen's high cheekbones at the realization that he had not taken a breath since the first step Mairi took inside his room. Having overheard Stavros' aside, the nurses who had been invited to witness the wedding giggled to themselves.

But soon the sounds died and all was left was the most profound silence as Mairi came to stand in front of Damen.

Their gazes met.

And no words had to be spoken.

In the background, the priest started to speak. "Dearly beloved, you have come to this place today so that the Lord may seal and strengthen your love..."

Slowly, Damen reached for Mairi's hand.

Her fingers curled around his and tightened, and the quiet show of support and loyalty humbled Damen.

Soon, the time came for Mairi to profess her eternal love to Damen.

"Do you take Damen to be your husband? Do you promise to be true to him in good times and in bad, in sickness and in health, to love him and honor him all the days of your life?"

Fear erupted from nowhere, suffocating her, and for a moment she was lost in the most awful memories.

Esther Leventis, calling her a slut because she had slept with him even if he was promised to another woman...

Cleon Frangos, licking his lips as he unzipped his pants while telling her that they could come into an understanding...

Alina Kokinos, telling Mairi that she had been sleeping with Damen since he had thrown her out...

Mairi squeezed her eyes shut.

No.

She was going to put everything behind her now.

When she opened her eyes, Damen was gazing at her, his eyes fierce, his jaw clenched hard.

Everything inside Damen demanded that he beg for Mairi to stay with him, to marry him, and to love him. But he held the words back even if doing so almost killed him. He was not as selfish as he had thought, after all.

If she married him, the future ahead of them was anything but rosy.

He was no longer a Greek billionaire.

He was only a man who made too many mistakes, and all he could offer her was his love.

He would not keep her with him if she chose to be smart and run away from this wedding.

And so he waited.

Time passed ever so slowly. Around them were reminders of forces that were for and against them. The documents of Esther's lawsuit against him on the bedside table, the gift from his sister and her aunts, the men who cared for Mairi enough to give her away to Damen if she so chose...

At that moment, Damen realized none of it mattered.

Whether people stood by them or not didn't matter.

All he wanted was Mairi to be his wife, and if she said yes, then he would fight to the death to keep her safe, cherished, and loved.

"I do."

His head jerked up, Damen unable to believe that he had really heard Mairi whisper the words.

Unshed tears shone in her eyes as she whispered again, more fiercely, "I do."

The rest of what the priest had to say was lost in the applause that followed.

Damen pulled Mairi into his arms, and cupping her face, he took her mouth in a kiss that, for as long as it lasted, obliterated every memory of pain.

As their lips met in that one kiss sealing their union, it was as if the past had never happened, and Damen Leventis and Mairi Tanner were just two people who had always been in love with each other.

But no kiss lasted forever.

When Damen and Mairi parted, everything came back.

Every heartache.

Every teardrop.

And the knowledge that this was a wedding of two broken, beating hearts.

Chapter Two

She said: When you wed a Greek billionaire, it will feel like the start of a new life.

He said: Technically, you have never wed a Greek billionaire, matakia mou.

She said: I haven't???

He said: Never. Because when you wed me, I was no longer a billionaire. I was just an ordinary Greek man - but you still married me. It was the most humbling moment of my life.

Coming out of the office of the private jet Stavros had lent them for their flight back to Greece, Damen espied Mairi asleep in one of the luxurious couch seats, its footpad raised. She had already changed out of her wedding dress and into a practical beige pantsuit. Not the typical going-away outfit for certain, but then, they really weren't going away for a honeymoon.

Once his battle with Esther and the Kokinos was over, Damen vowed to himself that he would give Mairi the wedding trip she deserved. Anything in the world, anywhere in the world - it would be hers.

For long moments, he allowed himself the luxury of simply staring at her. Even in her sleep, she appeared anxious and tired, and his heart clenched at the sight of it. Slowly, he made his way towards her. He reached out to touch her face only to hesitate mid-air. It was goddamn hard to shake away the feeling that he had lost the right to touch her.

Please don't let him think I'm awake.

Maybe it was ESP. Maybe it was true love - on her part at least - but whatever it was, it had made Mairi sense Damen the moment he came to her side. She willed herself to keep her breath steady.

If Velvet had been in her place, she would have made a bold seductive pose as she stretched on the seat and maybe even crooked a finger to get her own Greek billionaire husband to come near. And if it had been Mandy, her other friend would have opened her eyes and asked Damen in her practical voice why he was staring at her.

But Mairi was not her friends.

She was...her...and so she continued to pretend that she was asleep.

As Damen crouched down next to her seat, he noticed the way Mairi's eyes suddenly squeezed shut. Her throat had bobbed silently, too, and Damen's lips twitched as he realized that his bride was actually pretending to be asleep.

No doubt she, too, had been unable to think of a way to break the ice between them. He was the man who had her thrown into jail, and she had married him. She had admitted to his face that she had allowed another man to touch her, and he had married her. It just wasn't ice between them - it was a whole glacier the size of Mt. Everest.

He said quietly, "Mairi?"

Now was her time to let him know she was awake, Mairi thought.

But a second later, what she ended up doing was...

"Yoooooaaaaaarrrrrrr..."

Damen tried his best to suppress his smile as Mairi let out the most grossest-sounding snore. Aside from knowing for a fact that Mairi did not snore when sleeping, no human female could produce such a sound naturally. It sounded more like a cross between a rhino's roar and an ogre's phlegm-filled cough.

Deciding to tease her a little, he said again, "Mairi?"

Now's the time to let him know she was awake, Mairi thought. But if she did, what would he say? What would she say?

"Mairi?"

Panicking, she ended up flipping to her side as if in deep sleep.

Swallowing back a silent, startled chuckle, Damen deftly swerved away from Mairi's flying kick as she almost kicked him to the floor while flipping to her side.

He waited for her to "settle" before speaking again. "I guess you're tired, mm?"

Mairi almost stopped breathing. Oh my God, she knew what was going to happen next. He was going to confess Something Important. It always happened like that in books and movies. Always!

If she squeezed her eyes any harder, Damen thought with amusement, she might end up bursting a blood vessel or something.

Clearing his throat, Damen continued in a grave voice, "I suppose it's better this way, matakia mou. It would be easier to tell you without you seeing me." He almost had to bite his tongue to keep himself from reminding Mairi that people still breathed in their sleep.

Mairi was dying of anticipation. Oh my God, the wait was killing her!!!

"I just want to tell you that-"

Thaaaaaaaat?

The pilot's voice suddenly boomed out of the speakers, cutting Damen off as he announced that the jet would be starting its descent in a few minutes.

Mairi wanted to scream. Nooooooooo!

But there was no going back. The moment was gone, the mood broken, and it was time for her to "wake up". She tried to channel Sleeping Beauty as she did, thinking she should flutter her lashes several times before she could open her eyes.

So f**king hard, Damen thought, not to laugh out loud when Mairi seemed to be aiming for a Guinness record for the most number of times she could flutter her lashes under one minute.

Mairi finally opened her eyes.

And the first thing she saw was Damen's dazzlingly handsome face, which was too close for comfort and made her cheeks flush red. The second thing she saw was the gleam of wicked amusement in his silver eyes.

She gasped. "You knew, didn't you?"

"Knew what?" he asked with complete innocence, but the grin tugging at his beautifully shaped lips ruined it.

Her cheeks turned a darker shade of red. Her voice turned into an embarrassed wail. "You knew!"

Damen allowed himself a small chuckle. "Yes, I did know you've been awake for quite some time."

She wailed again, but when she started to cover her face, Damen was there to pull her hands away, and just like that the air between them sizzled, the simple contact of their hands generating enough heat for Damen's smile to disappear and Mairi to swallow audibly.

Awkward.

Hot.

Awkward.

Hot.

She felt like she was picking off petals from a flower to determine the exact nature of her feelings. Damen's gaze was on hers, intense but unreadable. It made her feel more self-conscious the same time every inch of her body tingled into life.

Awkward.

Hot.

Awkward.

Hot.

This man was her husband.

Oh dear Lord, Damen Leventis was her husband.

The Greek billionaire she had dreamt of had married her, and she was now Mrs. Leventis.

It was the most bittersweet feeling, but underneath it was the unmistakable sense of joy, quiet and deep. Damen Leventis was the only man she could ever love, and no matter what had happened - no matter what the world thought - marrying him felt right.

She just had to remember that he could never love her - could never trust her - the way someone who was truly in love would.

Damen was so attuned to his new wife's feelings that he noticed the moment her smile dimmed ever so slightly. His heart clenched at the sight of it. "Mairi?"

Looking at his eyes, Mairi found whatever she had thought of saying dying in her throat. The look of fierce concern on his gorgeous face made her every misgiving fade.

How she loved this man.

Loved him so, so much it was just impossible to explain the magnitude of it.

And so in the end all she could whisper with a tremulous smile, akin to the old days, was, "Hi."

But the concern on his face did not ease. "Something is troubling you."

Her smile widened a little at the words. He spoke them as if they were an accusation and that she had no right to feel bad because he was there to go to battle for her.

She said half-honestly, "You're too close." When he raised one quizzical brow at her, she muttered, "It's hard to think when you're this close."

Damen only frowned at her.

She frowned back at him. Did the man seriously think it was only his billions that made him hot? If he did, he needed to have his eyes checked.

At her unhappy frown, Damen realized with surprise - and pleasure - that Mairi did mean every word. Satisfaction coursed through him, and mixed with it was more than a good amount of possessiveness. She still wanted him. He could work with that. He would work on that. It would be his topmost priority to make Mairi forget another man's touch to the point that her mind, body, and heart would only remember Damen.

Mairi's heart started to race when Damen looked at her with hooded eyes. Oh no, she knew that look. And it spelled trouble.

And her suspicions were proved correct when her husband murmured in a low sexy voice, "You think I'm hot then, ne?"

Oh God, the words had even become a hundred times sexier because Damen didn't hold back on his Greek accent. The darn man knew how she loved his accent, and he was using it to his advantage!

Thankfully, she was saved from replying by the pilot announcing that the seatbelt sign was on, signaling their descent.

Damen took the seat next to his wife and immediately bent towards Mairi to buckle her belt for her.

"I can do it myself," she protested weakly, trying not to inhale too much of his wonderfully male scent. God, it was so unfair. Why did Damen always smell so darn good? Damen didn't answer and when he moved back, she sucked her breath in as the side of his arm brushed against her br**sts, which immediately caused her ni**les to harden under her blouse.

When Damen inhaled sharply, too, Mairi cringed in a mixture of embarrassment and arousal, realizing it meant Damen was aware of her body's instant reaction to his proximity.

As Damen returned to his seat, she turned away, closing her eyes and biting her lip hard. She had the stupidest urge to bury her head in the sand and plead with him to forget everything and just run away from the problems that haunted them. If he could promise that he would pretend to love her forever, then she was good with that.

The thought made Mairi ashamed of her weakness, and she bit her lip harder, willing herself to get over it. Be strong. Be strong. Be strong. She had to be strong for Damen and for all the people who were silly enough to love her.

The roaring of the jet's descent cued her to taking deep breaths.

Please God, please make me strong.

"We're here."

Damen's quiet words made her look at him. His face was grim and it struck her then, and she felt even more ashamed at how she had momentarily allowed herself to wallow in her selfish self-pity. It wasn't only her life that had been turned upside-down.

The last time Damen Leventis had been in his homeland, he had been a Greek billionaire, running his own business empire and flying in his own private jet.

Now, he only had...her.

Damen was bemused when Mairi suddenly held his hand and squeezed it hard. When their eyes met, she gave him a determined smile. "We can do this."

His chest constricted at his wife's battle-ready expression. A five-foot former schoolteacher was ready to fight one of the world's richest women and a power-hungry shipping magnate for him. God, how he loved her. He knew then that he would never deserve her, but he would try his damnedest to at least get close to being worthy of Mairi's selfless devotion.

And maybe, maybe if he tried hard enough, maybe one day she would learn to love him again.

As the jet's door opened and slowly revealed them to the public, the media's first shot of the newlywed couple was of Damen and Mairi Leventis holding hands.

Damen drew Mairi close to him protectively, doing his best to shield her from the blinding glare of cameras that photographers managed to shove at their faces despite the security team that Stavros and Ioniko had sent in preparation of their arrival. It was a bitter pill for Damen to swallow, asking help from other people, but for Mairi he would do anything.

Mairi did her best to keep her smile in place as Damen forged a way through the crowd to the car waiting for them. Just when she was beginning to believe they would make it, one of the paparazzi shouted, "Is it true he and Alina Kokinos lived under one roof while you were gone?"

The question threw Mairi back to that awful day she had met Alina, the same woman Damen once called a "real lady", and the other woman had revealed to her what had been happening while Mairi had been away.

"Damen and I have been sharing a bed, too..."

Mairi stumbled.

Cameras exploded into action, every lens able to capture the heartbreaking pain flashing on Mairi's face.

Damen caught her before she fell completely, and this time his arm went around her waist like an anchor.

Mairi's distressed look had Damen whitening because he knew - he f**king knew the exact reason why Mairi was looking like that. He started to speak, but the words burned into nothing when Mairi shook her head.

Teeth clenching, he held nothing back this time, aggressively making his way to the car and only allowing himself to breathe when he had Mairi stowed safely inside Ioniko's limousine. As the door closed behind them, he began, "Mairi-"

She forced a smile. "I'm okay. It's the past."

"Let me explain-"

"You don't have to." Looking down, Mairi whispered, "It's not as if I didn't do the same thing." She waited for Damen to speak after that, but he did not. When she made herself look at him, Damen was gazing outside the window, his face hard, his body tense.

Mairi's fingers dug into her palms. She had a foolish urge to take the words back, but she didn't. It didn't matter if she had completely crossed the line or not. She had given Drake the right to touch her, and she would forever regret that.

Damen struggled to keep his emotions in check, a near impossibility when he felt so f**king strongly. He would always feel strongly about Mairi, but more so when he was reminded that his cruelty and idiocy had pushed her into the arms of another man.

By the time the car had reached his house - the one property Esther couldn't touch since it wasn't tied to his corporate assets - Damen resolved to clear the air with Mairi. He had to make her understand that he would never blame her for what had happened. Maybe this was also the time he would tell her that he would never give her up to Drake Morrison either.

The chauffeur opened their door, and Damen stepped out first to assist his wife. When they turned around, it was only then they noticed the man waiting at the front door. He was dressed in a light brown suit, which coincidentally was the perfect complement to Mairi's own beige pantsuit.

What the f**k was this, Damen thought. If Mairi and the other man stood next to each other, they'd have passed for Ken and Barbie in their matching outfits.

When he looked at Mairi, her eyes were wide with shock and, Damen noted with grim jealousy, nothing that resembled displeasure in any way.

His jaw clenched.

Whatever the reason Morrison was here didn't matter.

He would never change his mind.

He would never give Mairi up, not even if she changed her mind and wanted to leave him for Morrison instead.

Chapter Three

She said: To wed a Greek billionaire, one must be ready to welcome unexpected guests.

He said: I completely agree. Next time that man comes knocking on our door, I will have the guard dogs ready to bite his f**king ass off for coming within five feet of my wife.

"You came to see...Damen?" Mairi was aware how dumb she sounded with her question, but she really was that dumbfounded. She wished she had the courage to look at Drake - or Damen - but she didn't. All she could do was flip her iPhone repeatedly in her hand as if it was a ball, anything to keep her busy and not think.

Damen had invited Drake to come inside his home. His innate graciousness, albeit cold, had made Mairi flush but for the life of her, she just could not make herself speak. And here she was, stunned anew when Drake explained in that calm way of his that he was here to speak with Damen.

"If you don't mind the intrusion," Drake answered.

Of course she minded, Mairi thought unhappily, but she couldn't really say that. The tension in the room was all because of how weak she was. It was not Drake's fault she had been weak.

Damen loathed the fact that the tension had mostly to do with Mairi...and Morrison. He had an insane urge to hide Mairi from the other man's gaze completely. He strove to remain calm, knowing if he allowed himself to think of the fact that this was the man who had been able to see Mairi na**d - the one other man who had touched her body - Damen would lose it. Completely. When that happened, one of them would come out dead. It was that simple.

"You may say anything in front of my wife," Damen said coolly.

Drake cocked his head to the side. "As you will. But before that..." He took out the USB in his pocket and handed it to Mairi.

Mairi was very careful not to touch any part of Drake as she took the USB.

The care with which Mairi took pained Drake. He said harshly, "I know I have a long way to go before I can make it up to you, Mairi-"

Damen gritted his teeth, loathing even the sound of Mairi's name on the other man's lips.

"But I hope you at least experience a measure of relief from what I have uncovered. I know that you have always been puzzled about the change...of Leventis' attitude towards you in the past. I had my men investigate the matter, and I believe what I've found out will be confirmed by Leventis."

Mairi found herself taking a seat on the cushion. She had a feeling if she didn't, whatever Drake had to say might knock her off her feet. "What did you find out?"

"A woman who attended the same school you did-"

Instincts had Mairi guessing exactly who Drake was talking about. She said dully, "Farah."

Damen made himself nod even as his gaze remained on his wife. She looked like she was about to drop any second. "She told me that you have always been after a Greek billionaire."

Mairi's teeth sank into her lower lip.

Damen wanted to smash something. He knew what Mairi was too nice to say. A random woman had come to him spouting stuff about her - the woman he supposedly loved - and like a man "in love", he had believed the other woman over Mairi right away.

"She had overwhelming evidence to present," Drake told Mairi. "I thought you would appreciate seeing all of it so that you would understand why Leventis may have acted the way he did."

Clutching the flash drive tightly, she whispered, "Thank you." She wished she could think of something else to say, but just thinking about that day Damen had thrown her out of their - his - house and having her arrested was more than enough to have her near to breaking down.

Go back to Manolis. He can have my leftovers.

I know that you're a f**king psychotic bitch who's always wanted to marry a Greek billionaire-

GET OUT OF MY HOUSE, YOU FUCKING GOLD-DIGGING BITCH!

Mairi got to her feet. Without looking at anyone, she muttered, "I'll leave you two to talk." She had to get away. She had a feeling she would break down under the weight of her memories, and she did not want anyone to see her so pathetically weak again.

Be strong, Mairi.

Be strong for Damen.

Be strong for those who love you.

****

Seeing the distress on Mairi's face, Damen was tempted to leave their unwanted guest and go after his wife. Only the knowledge that he was likely also the reason for it kept him from moving. Reluctantly tearing his gaze away from Mairi's departing back, Damen waited for the sound of her footsteps to fade before saying curtly, "If you could accompany me to the study?"

Drake nodded.

Closing the door to his study once Drake was inside, Damen said tightly, "You've picked a hell of a good time to drop that kind of bomb on us."

Drake raised a brow. "That information is meant, unfortunately, to exonerate you-"

"I don't give a damn what it does if it's going to upset my wife."

The words were a surprise to Drake, but a good one. He had profiled Leventis extensively before accepting Vilma Tanner's assignment. The report had painted the other man as a ruthless, selfish bastard, but Mairi appeared to have drastically changed him.

But would it last? Had Leventis finally learned to properly treasure the gift he had been given - the same kind of gift Drake would have killed for if it had been up to him? Again, the vision of a dark-haired blue-eyed girl intruded in his mind, reminding him of what he had lost and what Mairi could end up being if he did not make things right.

The thought had him looking at Damen, his tone abrupt as he said, "I didn't mean to upset her. I apologize for that."

Damen didn't answer right away, taking his time to observe the other man.

Like Damen, Drake remained on his feet, the two of them eyeing each other like warriors waiting for the other to make the first move. There was something different about the elusive ex-sniper, but because he didn't understand what those changes were, Damen was reluctant to trust that it no longer made Drake Morrison a rival.

Then again, a part of Damen would always see the other man as a rival, a part of him that would never trust Mairi to spend more than a few seconds alone in Morrison's company. If he had his way, he would be a lot happier if he could ensure that Drake Morrison didn't exist at all. Just imagining Mairi thinking about Morrison in a platonic way already had him seething.

Seeing that Damen appeared disinclined to talk, Drake decided to proceed and discuss his main intention for visiting. "Tomorrow, you'll be receiving a package of sensitive data about the Kokinos clan."

Damen frowned. "What do you have to do with them?"

"Consider it as my way of atoning for the trouble I have caused you and Mairi. The data was obtained illegally, and I of course won't force you to use it. But if you do, you can be assured that it will significantly level the playing field between you and your enemies."

Damen drawled, "Let me guess. You had your goons beat the information out of your target." The words were a jab at how Drake had enlisted law enforcers to physically restrain Damen from getting near Mairi and Drake's own use of force against Damen.

Drake only responded to the barb with a smile. "I only do that for special cases. After all, when a man hurts the woman who selflessly loves him repeatedly - to the extent of having the woman arrested in front of their own servants - such a person deserves that kind of treatment, don't you think?"

Curtly, Damen said, "It will never happen again."

"If you say so-"

"I know so." Damen looked at Drake straight in the eye. "I love her with every breath of my life. I'd lie for her if I have to. I'd kill for her. I'd go down on my knees if it's what would keep her at my side."

Drake knew those last words were costly for someone with such great pride as the ex-billionaire. But he was unimpressed. He had seen a lot of horrors in his life at the battlefield, and one of the greatest horrors was the fact that some people could never change.

Damen Leventis might have convinced himself that he loved Mairi now, but what could a son of someone who had been raised by a cold-hearted bitch like Esther Leventis truly know about love?

"For Mairi's sake, I hope you do mean it. Because if I find out that you've hurt her one last time - if Mairi asks for my help to leave you-" Drake's face hardened. "You will never see her again."

Having made his point, Drake saw no point in sticking around. Without another word, he made his way to the door, walked out, and stopped. "Mairi?"

Damen's head jerked up. A second later, he was walking swiftly out of the study and coming to an abrupt stop next to the other man when he saw his wife standing in the hallway. The look on her face had his chest squeezing painfully hard.

He had seen Mairi this same f**king way once.

Devastation in eyes made glassy with tears, face too pale, and lips that wobbled in an effort to keep her emotions at bay.

He had seen her like this when Damen broke her heart for the first time.

It was the time Damen had told Mairi he only wanted her to be his mistress and not his wife.

She had left him after that.

Damen willed himself to breathe and keep his voice even as he asked, "What's wrong, Mairi?" She was not going to leave him. She was not. Whatever the trouble was, he would fix it. She was not going to leave him. She was goddamn not.

Drake's jaw clenched. What the f**k had happened now? What the hell had Damen done? He ignored the fact that Damen had been with him the whole time. Mairi was a strong woman, but she was, had been, and would always be weak where Damen was concerned. "What is it, Mairi?" His voice was harsh with concern.

The two men had spoken at the same time, and they turned to each other as if in challenge. One sized the other's right to care for Mairi while the other sized the other's ability to do so. It was clear in both their stances that Mairi only had to say the word and one of them would die fighting for her.

Chapter Four

She said: To wed a Greek billionaire, one must need a bodyguard.

He said: As long as his name isn't-

She said: Don't say his name-

He said: Asshole Morrison. There, I didn't say his name. See how you've tamed me so well, sweetheart?

"Her name was Paige." These were the first words that Drake had written in the letter he had saved in the flash drive, which Mairi guessed he didn't want Damen to know about.

Both of us joined the Army at the same time. She was a few years younger than I was, and we had different reasons for joining. I had been idealistic then. I wanted to fight for our country. Paige, she wanted to die for it - she said it was better than dying raped in her neighborhood.

We grew...close. We didn't want this closeness, but it happened.

And I messed up.

I made her think she could depend on me, the way she couldn't rely on anyone else in her life. But I messed up - we were on a mission when she was injured, and I had to leave her because I needed to bring the people we rescued to a safe place.

That was the last time I saw her.

When I saw your picture, Mairi...you reminded me of her. In so many ways that...it wasn't right. When I accepted the assignment, I had known right away that it was wrong. That I was the wrong man to look after you and teach you to be strong.

I was the wrong man because I had my own motives.

I saw you as another chance to convince myself that somewhere in this f**ked-up world, Paige was still alive. That if I could make someone like you fall for me...that maybe Paige could find it in her heart to love her captor.

But you didn't.

I did everything I could to make you choose me, but you didn't. You loved Damen so much that I knew even during that night, it was Damen you were thinking of.

And when you managed to escape the hospital...when I saw the blood on the ground and knew that you didn't give a shit if you had to die because you wanted to get to Damen so badly-

God help me, Mairi, but a part of me rejoiced in it. I'm sorry that I forced you to do something so drastic, but I don't want to lie to you anymore. When you did that, I knew that Paige would do the same thing for me.

Even if she has to f**k someone and pretend to love another man, Paige would do anything to survive. You made me believe that she would do everything to stay alive and wait for me until I killed every damn man who dared hurt her.

And now you know the kind of man that I am.

I am no better than Damen Leventis.

I'm a lot worse because I don't care about how many people would bleed just so I can be with Paige again.

It's because of you that hope burns inside me again, and it's the kind of debt I can't ever hope to repay. Even so, I want you to know - whatever you want me to do for you, Mairi - I will do it.

Mairi's breath was dragged out of her as she slowly closed the Word file and deleted it, knowing that this kind of letter could never be read by anyone else - not even Damen. It was too raw and personal, the love that Paige and Drake shared something that couldn't be shared with just anyone else.

For long moments, she remained on her dresser, sobbing in her seat. She cried for Paige, for Drake, for Damen...but most of all, she cried for herself. Love had made her unable to see the forest for the trees, but she did now.

Thanks to Drake's letter, she knew now that-

She inhaled deeply, but still another racking sob escaped Mairi.

She loved Damen to the point of madness, and she would never be able to stop herself from doing so. She'd never stop loving him unless someone else was there to stop her.

It became clear to her what she had to do then, and Mairi forced herself to move even if her body felt like it had turned into stone. She descended the stairs and was in the hallway when Drake came out of the study, immediately stilling at the sight of her.

"Mairi?"

She opened her mouth to speak, but the words didn't come out, a part of her afraid to speak because if she did say the words, everything would change. Forever.

Damen came out almost immediately after, and he, too, stilled in shock at the sight of her. The sight of Damen, dressed still in the suit he wore for their wedding, pushed Mairi further to the edge. Oh God, he would always be the most beautiful man in her eyes. The one man she would always love - but shouldn't.

When Damen asked Mairi what was wrong and Drake spoke at the same time, voicing his concern, Mairi found herself close to being hysterical. Looking at both of them, she only just saw the uncanny similarities between them, both of them tall, dark, and handsome, Drake with his All-American boy-next-door looks and Damen with the refined looks of a classical statue.

It should be so easy for her to replace one with the other, but it wasn't.

One of them represented the chains that bound her heart, and the other held the key to free her from the self-destructive love she suffered from.

She forced her gaze away from Damen, and her heart broke a little when Damen sucked in his breath audibly at the seeming snub. And because she loved him so much, she was immediately tempted to rush to his side, to throw her arms around him and tell Damen that she would always love him.

But she didn't.

Be strong, Mairi.

Be strong for those who love you.

Haltingly, she asked Drake, "Do you mean it?"

A frown marred Drake's forehead at how fragile Mairi appeared right now. Keeping his voice gentle, he asked, "Do I mean what, Mairi?"

"Did you mean what you promised? That you would do anything to make up for what you did to me?"

Ah.

She had read his letter then.

He said simply, "Yes."

A single tear slipped down her cheek at Drake's answer. That one word granted Mairi the chance to keep her from losing herself completely in Damen. It also came with the knowledge that she would hurt Damen with it, and that she never wanted to do.

But she had to.

God help her, but she had to.

It was the only way to be strong.

Damen didn't understand a f**king thing about what Mairi and the other man were talking about. All he knew was what his instincts were telling him, and it was that Mairi was hurting and Drake's answer had her hurting more.

"Mairi." He struggled to keep his voice even. "Tell me what's wrong-"

"I know what I want you to do for me, Drake."

Damen's control snapped and he stalked towards Mairi. "Ask me for help, Mairi. Ask me-"

More pieces of her heart broke off at Damen's words, but she didn't allow herself to be swayed by it. Keeping her gaze focused on Drake, she whispered, "I want you to be my bodyguard. I want you to live here with us and stick with the job until...the end."

Shock reverberated in his system at his wife's words. "A bodyguard?" The rest of her words hit him, and his eyes narrowed. "And what the f**k do you mean with 'the end'?"

She lied, "Until our troubles with your mother and the Kokinos clan end."

Something in it didn't quite ring true, but for once, Mairi's normally expressive face didn't give anything away. All Damen could see was the stiff tense way she held her body straight and the strain on her face. He could fight her on this, he knew. He f**king wanted to, the idea of having Drake Morrison too close to Mairi every f**king day enough to have him seething.

But he didn't.

Because she needed Drake.

It was clear in her eyes there was something she wanted that only the ex-sniper could give. And in the end, what the woman he loved wanted, Damen wanted her to have even if it practically tore his heart in half.

A gasp of surprise escaped Mairi when Damen suddenly hauled her into his arms. When she looked up at him in confusion, Damen responded by kissing her hard. The kiss had Mairi stiffening even more, but Damen didn't let up, his lips moving aggressively and seductively until with a choked cry, Mairi's lips parted underneath his.

Damen's tongue stroked in, and when he deepened the kiss, Mairi found herself forgetting everything. She forgot that Drake was there, forgot that she wasn't supposed to let herself be swept away by Damen. She forgot that this kiss didn't mean he loved her. It never did.

As Damen pulled her closer, their bodies molding to each other like they had always been born as two perfect halves, Mairi could have wept at the beauty of it. How perfect his kiss tasted. How beautiful his touch felt. So dear God, why couldn't he love her the way she loved him?

When he lifted his head, the haze of passion in Mairi's eyes only brought him a small dose of satisfaction. How could he be happy when behind the passion lurked the tears that always seemed in danger of spilling?

Damen knew had a long way to go to making things right between them, and it didn't f**king help that Mairi wanted her ex-lover tailing them every second. He thought about Whitney Houston falling for Kevin Costner in The Bodyguard. He thought about Princess Diana once being linked to her security detail. Wasn't there a supermodel who also started dating her bodyguard, someone who had been in her employ when she was still married to someone else?

Over Mairi's head, his gold-flecked gaze met the ex-sniper's eyes, Damen not bothering to hide his thoughts from the other man. If Drake Morrison thought being his wife's bodyguard would give him the chance to steal Mairi away for good, then he should know now that Damen was ready to die just to keep Mairi at his side.

The other man's face remained expressionless, even though it was clear Drake understood Damen's silent message.

In his arms, Mairi tried to wriggle away and Damen cupped her chin, leaving her with no choice but to look at him again.

"Why did you kiss me?" Her voice was strained as she asked the question, Mairi still shaken by the ease in which Damen was able to make her forget everything with just one kiss.

"Because I wanted you to remember that you're mine." His voice became hard. "It was also my way of letting you know that it's not going to work."

Mairi paled, but still she tried to lie, mumbling, "I don't know what you're talking about."

"Of course you do, matakia mou," he murmured. "And again I tell you, it will not work. If you want Morrison to be your bodyguard, so be it. But if you think it's going to stop me from f**king you whenever and wherever I want-"

"Damen!" Mairi's cheeks flushed red.

"If you think it's going to stop me from making you fall in love with me again-" Damen shook his head and said simply, "You might as well ask me to stop breathing. That's how much your love means to me." Without warning, he swept her up in his arms, causing Mairi to gasp anew.

Looking at Drake, he drawled, "Now if you could excuse us? You won't need to guard Mairi for now since it's our wedding night and it's my sole intention to have her come for several nights."

Chapter Five

She said: To wed a Greek billionaire, one must expect the most romantic wedding night-

He said: It was so f**king romantic you couldn't even make yourself say you love me.

She said: I...I did. I said I...I...I love making love to you?

Tension was palpable in Damen's lean hard body as he carried Mairi all the way up the stairs. She had hurt him. Her heart ached at the knowledge even though deep inside her she knew her choice had been the only choice she could make. Damen cared for her. She could even go as far as say that Damen had never cared for any other woman as much as he cared for her, but...it was not enough.

Damen was everything to her.

But to him, she was...not.

Even so, Mairi tried to think of something to say that would ease the hurt, but nothing came to mind. Lifting her head and turning to look at her husband, Mairi's throat clogged at the stoic look on his face. It was as if he was keeping himself from feeling because if he did, he wouldn't have been able to take it.

The thought distressed Mairi, and she ended up blurting out, "D-do you realize you're practically carrying me over the threshold?"

Damen stilled halfway to the bedroom. The question had him looking down at his wife, who looked like she wanted to take the words back. He asked gruffly, "Shouldn't I have?"

That he had to ask made her swallow, and Mairi said tremulously, "It's not that. I...like it." That was the most she could allow herself to admit. "But...I never thought this whole traditional groom thing was you, you know?"

Damen only continued to gaze at her, long enough to make Mairi squirm. Had she said the wrong thing? When he finally spoke, she could have expired in relief-

"Would you rather I just f**k you here?"

-until she realized what he was suggesting and Mairi laughingly choked out, "No! Drake's downstairs-"

His tone cooled. "You're only giving me another reason to do it."

"I'm serious." Her voice and laughter were muffled as she hid her face in the crook of his neck while tightening her arms around his neck.

Her laughter was a sweet sound, and he treasured it because for a very long time, Damen had thought he would never have the ability to make Mairi laugh again. Having reached their room, he balanced his wife in his arms so he could open the door. After kicking it shut, he slowly lowered Mairi to her feet. When she looked up at him, a smile was still playing on her lips.

At that moment, never had a woman looked so beautiful in Damen's eyes.

It wasn't because of what she wore or how she looked tonight.

It was that smile.

That smile alone could bring him to life. Mairi was his life, what could be more beautiful than life itself?

Bemused at the way Damen was gazing at her, Mairi asked, "What is it?"

Damen said simply, "I love you."

Mairi froze.

"I know you don't believe me now, but I'll find a way to earn back your love and trust. I did it before, and you know - Mairi, deep inside you know - that the reason you love me so much is because you know I'm the only man for you."

His hand shaking a little at the effort he was exerting to keep his emotions in check, Damen reached out to caress one pale soft cheek with his knuckles. "I will always be sorry for hurting you - for being so f**king cruel."

"You're making me cry," Mairi whispered almost resentfully. But it wasn't really the tears she didn't like. It was how Damen's words made her forget her promise to herself.

Her words made him smile, but he continued in the same sober tone, "I vow to make it up to you every damn day of my life. Nothing will give me greater joy than to spend the rest of my life lov-"

Unable to take it anymore, Mairi threw herself at Damen, cutting off the rest of his words by plastering her mouth to his. She didn't think she could avoid breaking down if he told her he loved her one more time.

For a moment, Damen was stiff and unresponsive. Mairi feared he would resist, but then just as sudden his arms locked around her, his mouth taking control of the kiss, and she could have sobbed as she surrendered complete control to his command. Their kiss was hot, wet, and passionate. It had the most bittersweet taste of desperation, like they only had finite time with each other even if they had just been married.

Damen felt the same thing, and fear and resolve made him break the kiss. Breathing hard, he looked down at Mairi and even though it was clear she wanted him as much as he wanted her, Damen knew it was not enough.

"One day," he said fiercely, "I will make you believe." He didn't give her time to answer. She didn't need to anyway. Both of them knew where they each stood. She didn't believe he could ever love her, and he knew she was only with him out of pity.

But for now, none of it mattered.

For now, they were simply Damen and Mairi, and tonight was their wedding night.

Damen kissed Mairi again, this time holding nothing back. He poured all his love and longing for Mairi in his kiss, and he was rewarded not a second later by her whimper. He did his best to be gentle, not wanting to accidentally hurt her as he took off her clothes as fast as he could. She did the same for him, and his need for her only became greater when he realized that her fingers were shaking as much as his was.

Soon, all their clothes were gone, and as if their minds were one, both of them slowly ended the kiss and pulled away to gaze at each other.

Mairi's throat dried at the sight of Damen's splendid nakedness. It had been so long since she had seen his body and a delicious shiver of awareness went through her, something she wouldn't have been able to stop even if her life had depended on it.

He had become noticeably thinner in the months they had been apart, but he remained as beautiful as ever in her eyes, every glorious inch of his long, hard body perfectly sculpted. His broad shoulders, his beautifully muscled chest, six-pack abs, his well-toned legs, and his thick and blatantly aroused c**k -

Oh God.

Mairi's eyes squeezed shut as her mind was suddenly filled with visions of a na**d Damen on top of her, his smooth muscled back arching just before pushing his c**k inside her, his bu**ocks flexing as her hands dug into his behind-

Beautiful.

The word played over and over in his mind, for it was truly the only thing Damen could think about as he slowly and thoroughly took in the sight of his resplendently na**d bride. She had her arms crossed over her br**sts, but they were ample enough for a hint of pinkness to show up on top. That tiny glimpse of her ni**les was more than enough to have Damen's c**k jutting up even more insistently, and his desire became more and more uncontrollable as he took in her long bare legs and that sweet little pu**y.

It was moist and dewy, and the fact that she was already aching and wet for him when he hadn't yet touched her was the clincher.

With a groan, Damen snatched Mairi into his arms, and his need heightened as Mairi came to him not just willingly but with unrestrained eagerness. Their mouths fused, their tongues danced, and their arms clasped each other as their bodies became one.

Mairi moaned in his kiss, and Damen groaned with her, the sheer explosive heat of their passion making him wonder if he would even make it to the next minute. It had been so f**king long. Too long than what was right.

His arms tightened around hers. Never again, Damen thought as he kissed her harder the same time he moved them towards the bed. Fucking never, Damen vowed to himself as he guided Mairi to lie on her back. Never would he allow them to be apart from each other, and he didn't give a damn what he had to do to keep them together.

Mairi moaned, neck arching as Damen finally released her lips to kiss his way down her body. Her hands moved to his hair, luxuriating in its softness, but her grip tightened involuntarily when she felt him nuzzling the valley between her br**sts. His hands joined his mouth, and her body curved up towards him as she felt his fingers curl possessively around her flesh.

The temptation to suck on her ni**les overrode him, and forgetting all about taking things slow and easy, Damen settled himself on one elbow while using his other hand to plump her breast and feed himself one pink succulent nipple.

Sensation, hot and sweet, burst inside Mairi's body, and she gasped as Damen started sucking, teeth scraping, tongue laving. Her fingers drifted down, nails scraping his back in an effort to control the tide of pleasure that threatened to drown her. So, so long, she thought helplessly as she writhed under Damen's hungrily sucking mouth.

As he moved to suck on her other nipple, he looked up at Mairi and possessive satisfaction uncurled inside him at the look of desire on her lovely face. "Tell me you want more," he ordered, his own voice rough with lust. If he couldn't make her say 'I love you' now, then the next best thing was to hear his wife admit that she wanted him.

Her desire for him had become knife-sharp, almost to the point of pain, and this made it easier for Mairi to forget all about her inhibitions. "More," she choked out, and no sooner than she had said it, Damen's mouth was on her other nipple.

Her cries echoed inside Damen's room, bouncing against the wallpapered walls. Incandescent light shone down from each corner, making the room feel warm and intimate despite its vast size. Not a single thing had changed in his bedroom, but she could only marvel at this momentarily. Damen's kisses demanded all of her attention, and soon Mairi could only see stars in her eyes as she lost herself in the sizzling heat of his touch.

Clutching his shoulders tightly, she tried to arch herself more closely towards Damen, silently urging him to suck harder. "Please," she couldn't help but whimper, and it was as if Damen could read her mind, for his lips did tighten around her nipple.

His mouth still on her breast, Damen started to caress the other parts of Mairi's body. He squeezed the shapely cheeks of her bu**ocks with both his hands, kneading and squeezing them before he moved further down, running his hands over her silky soft legs. He had missed having Mairi's legs wrapped around his waist as he thrust inside her, missed having her legs thrown over his shoulders as he f**ked her hard. He missed a million things about her sweet hot body, and the memories aroused him to new heights, making Damen bite her nipple as he moved one hand up to feel just how wet she was.

"Damen!" She cried out his name, the feel of having his teeth clamp around her already sensitive nipple more than she could take. She looked down at Damen, dizzy with the pleasure his kisses gave her, and found him lifting his head. His fingers curved around her breast, caressing the pale globe as if in apology. Her body started to relax, free for the first time from the breathless and mind-blowing sexual thrall that Damen had it in. But just when Mairi's breathing started to slow down, that was when she realized where Damen was.

His hands had parted her thighs wide open, and his gaze was on her womanhood, which was now soaking wet with her desire.

"Oh, God." They were the only words she managed to croak out before Damen was eating her pu**y. There were no gentle kisses, no teasing licks - there was no chance for Mairi to think or breathe because suddenly, Damen's tongue was thrusting in and out of her.

Mairi screamed.

The scream had his c**k pulsing harder, spurring Damen to make Mairi come - and come hard. While he used one hand to make her pu**y open up more widely for him, allowing him greater ease in f**king her pu**y with his tongue, he used his other hand to stroke her cl*t to life.

The tiny nub quivered and stiffened, almost as if pleading him to give it time to find a way to survive his touch. But Damen wasn't in the mood to be gentle. His c**k wasn't in the mood to be gentle. He wanted all of Mairi. He wanted Mairi to come long and hard, wanted to fill her pu**y with his seed until she was bursting with it.

And so he was ruthless.

In one swift move, his mouth was suddenly on her clit, lips clamping hard on the aroused flesh while he had three fingers pushing inside her pu**y.

It was over in an instant, Mairi falling from the greatest heights of pleasure as Damen f**ked her with his fingers while sucking on her clit. She cried his name over and over as she fell, but the pleasure his mouth and touch gave her showed no signs of stopping.

Words of love made her throat tighten, and it took everything in Mairi not to blurt them out. I love you. Damen, I love you. Forever. I love you forever.

She wanted to say them so badly, but she bit her lip hard to keep them inside her, knowing that to release them would only make her more vulnerable.

Wave after wave of pleasure crashed down on Mairi, her body shaking so hard that it was a miracle she hadn't thrown Damen off her. He still hadn't stopped working on her cl*t and his fingers were still thrusting in and out of her.

Her head lolled back against the pillow. "Please," she whispered even though she wasn't certain at all what she was pleading Damen for.

But Damen seemed to know.

In another swift unexpected move, Damen was looming on top of her, and Mairi's eyes widened as she slowly felt Damen pushing his c**k inside her pu**y.

"Damen!"

Damen didn't answer, focusing on keeping himself from tearing into Mairi's drenching wet pu**y with his cock. His teeth clenched harder as he pushed his c**k further in, inch by inch. Only when he had his c**k entrenched in her as deeply as possible did he look at Mairi.

"I'm going to f**k you hard now, sweetheart."

Her lips parted in shock, but it was all the warning Damen could afford to give her. Desire roared inside his body like a ravenous monster, and with a hungry growl, he latched onto her breast with his mouth before pulling out then shoving his c**k back into her.

Mairi held on to her husband with all her might, feeling like she might just float away if she didn't anchor herself to Damen. His thrusts were hard and powerful, rough and possessive, leaving her no chance to think of anything but the sensual joy of being possessed by Damen.

His c**k ripped into her over and over, but her pu**y only seemed to welcome each thrust as her body started to tingle anew. She couldn't believe she could want him again so quickly, but there was no denying the gradual buildup of wetness in the triangle between her legs. Passion had her body tightening bit by bit, and Mairi's h*ps began to meet every thrust as her fingers gripped Damen's hair with every sucking motion of his lips over her nipple.

Wanting to plunge deeper into her, Damen held her legs and opened them wide. He pulled out, and locking his gaze with Mairi's, he rose onto his knees and pushed her legs further apart to create a wide V before sinking back in.

A scream rippled out of Mairi as Damen started f**king her again, the new position allowing Damen's c**k to reach deeper into her, enough for the head of his c**k to brush against the walls of her womb. It was a shockingly raw possession, and she found herself moving her arms over her so she could grip the headboard to keep her body from twisting away with each thrust.

The hard wet slap of their bodies was unbelievably erotic, making her wetter and taking her closer and closer to another orgasm. Looking at Damen, she managed to choke out, "I'm...so near."

Squeezing her legs in warning, he commanded, "Don't come until I tell you to."

His c**k pistoned in and out of her even as he spoke, making it harder for Mairi to control the tremors that jolted her body. The need to come became acute, and she whimpered, fingers gripping the headboard more tightly. "Please," she begged, and the muscles in her body pleaded with her, tightening around Damen's cock.

Damen cursed, the tightening muscles of Mairi's pu**y too much for him to bear. His movements took a wild turn, his h*ps jutting furiously. Letting go of all control, he rammed into Mairi hard over and over. As his balls tightened and his body tightened, he gritted out, "Now." His seed gushed out the moment he said the word, and he roared, the sound mingling with Mairi's keening cry of pleasure as she came for the second time.

He held on to her, never stopping with the thrusts as he filled her with his seed. If he could only have one prayer answered, then it was that this night would create a miracle - a life that would bring him eternal joy and could be the tie that would keep Mairi with him forever.

Sobs of pleasure were torn out of her with each thrust, and when Damen finally rested his weight on top of her body, his pleasure spent, Mairi could only hug him tightly, her body still shaking hard against his in the aftermath of her own release.

Unthinkingly, she pressed her lips to one hard shoulder and inhaled his scent. She felt him shift, and then his lips were touching her hair, one tender touch to another.

"I love you, Mairi." Damen whispered the words to her ear hoarsely.

Fresh tears stung her eyes, and she bit her lip hard enough for it to bleed. And that was okay. She could afford to shed some blood. It was words that she could never afford to speak right now. Or ever.

Damen tried not to let the disappointment of Mairi's silence crush him. Soon, he promised to himself grimly. Whatever had to be done, he would do it, just to be the owner of Mairi's heart once more.

Raising himself up so he could look at her, Damen said harshly, "I will make you love me again."

Mairi ached painfully at the words, the desperate resolve on his face calling for her to soften. But still she didn't give herself a chance to speak, instead cupping his face with shaking hands so she could pull Damen down and kiss him.

And as their lips met in another kiss that made their hearts both beat and twinge, she sent a little prayer up to the heavens, like she always did when she felt like there was nowhere to go, no one to turn to.

Dear God, if there is no way for me to stop loving him, then when the time comes that I must leave him, please, please, please give me the strength to disappear from his life forever.

Chapter Six

He said: If you marry a man like me, you must remember to live your life according to this one simple rule: your enemies' enemies are your best friends.

She said: I was actually thinking something more like this - if you wed a Greek billionaire, your husband's enemies' enemies will also surely be Greek.

He said: I love you, matakia mou, but I must tell you that you made no sense.

She said: You Greeks love to fight. Just sayin'.

"You truly do not need to come with me," Damen said the next night as he zipped the back of her dress, a sparkling sapphire-blue gown with a low-cut neckline that she had bought a few months ago in preparation for all the parties she had to attend as Damen's then-fiancee. Mairi had a few misgivings when she had seen that Damen hadn't touched a single thing in her closet. It didn't feel right to wear clothes she had bought with his money - and during a time she had believed that he truly loved her.

But with them suddenly needing to go to a party tonight, Mairi decided to be simply practical about it. She would be a greater help to Damen if she was at least dressed to fit the part of his wife.

Seeing the worried frown on Damen's face on the mirror, Mairi said reassuringly, "They can't say anything that could hurt me."

Damen was quiet for a moment. "Can't they?"

Unbidden, she remembered the last time they had encountered the paparazzi, and Mairi shook her head vehemently even as she forced a smile. "I wasn't prepared then. I am now." Stepping away from him, she changed the subject, gazing at him through the mirror as she asked, "Well? Do I look okay?"

As Damen studied her appearance, she couldn't help doing the same to him. She was no longer surprised, just resigned at the way butterflies fluttered its wings inside her stomach every time she took in Damen's dazzling good looks. Everything about him was perfect, and strangely, she found him even more dazzling now that he was no longer a billionaire. The hardships he faced now had not weakened him at all. If anything, it had made him stronger, harder - it made him a hundred times more the man he already was, giving him the kind of raw power that money could never buy.

"You look perfect." Damen's words startled her into turning her head towards him, and that was then she realized he had come to stand right behind her. A gasp escaped Mairi when he bent down to place a soft, warm kiss on her nape, which was exposed by her hair's upswept do. Her skin tingled at the touch of his lips, and Mairi couldn't help but sigh and arch her neck when Damen's lips started to move.

Closing her eyes, Mairi allowed herself the fantasy that they were really just newlyweds in love with each other.

"I love you."

The fantasy shattered, Damen's words something she could never really believe in.

Damen watched Mairi's eyes flutter open, and the bleakness in them made him curse silently. He had known it would be too soon to speak the words, but he didn't give a damn. He meant to break every damn wall around her heart, and he meant to say the words every day in hopes that there would be a time she could make herself say them back.

One day, Damen thought determinedly as he watched Mairi carefully move away from him with hooded eyes.

"W-we might be late." Mairi couldn't meet his eyes as she spoke. "Should we go now?"

He didn't give her a chance to walk away, instead clasping her by the waist to spin her around. Her gasp was caught in his kiss, and Damen used the kiss to tell her again what she didn't want to hear.

He loved her.

He would not give her up.

Ever.

Mairi was quiet when he finally released her, and she didn't make any protest when Damen took her hand, keeping her close to him as they made their way downstairs.

Damen stilled when he saw Drake Morrison in the living room, dressed in a sleek gray suit. "Who says you're going with us?"

Drake inclined his head towards Mairi. "I'm her bodyguard, aren't I? So where she goes, I go."

Damen's jaw clenched. "It's just a party."

Conscious of Damen's gaze on her, Mairi said unevenly, "I'd really prefer that D-Drake's nearby at all times." Especially after what happened in the bedroom. The thought had the faintest hint of hysteria stirring inside her, but Mairi only mentally tightened her grip on her emotions.

She would be - could be strong.

She had to be.

It was the only way she could have what she want, and that was to stay forever by Damen's side without breaking.

****

The party was obviously in full swing by the time Drake, Damen, and Mairi arrived at the venue, an upscale nightclub that had been temporarily closed to the public for the 60th birthday of one of Greece's most popular politicians, Nelson Athanas. They also appeared to be the only guests who had not arrived in a fancy limo or expensive sports car, judging by the way the waiting attendants and valets standing next to the front doors were gawking at them.

But the next second, the reporters loitering around the area caught on to their presence and everyone immediately surged towards them.

"How are you adjusting to life in the poorhouse now that you only have $4,305 in your bank account?"

"When are you going to leave him for Stavros Manolis or Ioniko Vlahos, Mrs. Leventis?"

"Are you here to beg on your knees for help from Nelson Athanas?"

Damen didn't answer any of the questions, his face only mirroring icy contempt that would have made Mairi feel small if it had been directed at her. She should be used to the obnoxious questions of the media by now, but she wasn't. She still found herself furiously hurt by it, and she hated them even more for trying to paint Damen in a weak and pathetic light with all their innuendos.

Only Damen squeezing her hand in warning kept her lips clamped shut, and Mairi did her best to keep her face just as expressionless, gazing resolutely ahead as they made their way to the front doors. Damen furnished his invitation to the receptionist. She had a tense look on her face, and she barely glanced at the invitation before saying in a pained tone, "I'm sorry, Mr. Leventis, but I believe you're not on the list."

Loud exclamations of surprise and murmurs rose from the crowd behind them, followed by another bout of flashing camera bulbs.

Since Damen had an invitation, it only meant that Damen had been taken off the list recently. The sheer indignity of it appalled Mairi, and she tightened her hold on Damen, fearing how such a proud man would take this kind of embarrassment. Unable to help it, she stole a look at her husband but was stunned to see an amused smile curving on his lips as his beautiful face took on a contemplative look.

Discovering that Esther would resort to such childish lengths to thwart him did not perturb Damen at all. In the first few weeks that Mairi had been gone and his whole world had crashed around him, Damen had come to realize that nothing really mattered to him except having the woman he loved. Everyone could do their worst to him, and it wouldn't matter.

With Mairi, he was invincible.

Without Mairi, he was broken.

It was that simple.

Damen gave the receptionist a pleasant smile, murmuring, "Perhaps you would like to double-check with Mr. Athanas one last time?"

Visibly relieved at not having to handle any kind of outburst over the slight, the receptionist quickly agreed and made the call.

When he looked down at Mairi, she asked under her breath, "Do we really have to come to this party?"

"Yes."

She grimaced at the one-word answer. "And you're not going to say anything more than that?"

Knowing that she only asked out of worry, he stroked her cheek in silent reassurance. "I will tell you everything you want to know at home, I promise." He was done keeping secrets from her. Well, except for that one thing, Damen thought. Uneasiness struck him, but he pushed it away. He had planned everything carefully. Mairi wouldn't have to know about it until he was good and ready to tell her.

The two of them turned when the doors burst open, and out walked a pair of men in black, flanking each side of their employer, Esther Leventis.

Again, Mairi found herself reluctantly impressed by the woman's sophistication and elegance. She was about the same height as Mairi, but the way she held herself so proudly made her appear a lot taller. She was really a beautiful woman. It was just too bad Esther's beauty was only skin deep. She doubted if she'd ever understand how Esther was able to stomach fighting with her own flesh and blood this way.

Esther made sure not to look at the woman standing next to Damen. For as long as she lived, Esther thought coldly, she would never acknowledge that trollop as her son's wife. Mairi Tanner was the worst sort of gold digger, the kind of woman who was only fit to be a whore and not a wife.

"Esther." Damen was the first to speak, his innate courtesy making Mairi feel even prouder of him. If she had been in his shoes, she would probably have just ended up crossing herself because Esther, for all intents and purposes, seemed very much like the Devil's advocate.

His mother, unfortunately, was not as polite. "I believe you have the wrong party, Damen. This is a private gathering, and you are only causing yourself a huge embarrassment by coming here uninvited."

"We both know I have been invited to this party." Damen's tone was bland when he answered, almost bordering on bored.

It incensed Esther, making her snap, "Well, you should know that it's inevitable you'd be crossed off the list after what you've done."

"And what is it exactly that I've done, Mother?"

Her cheeks flushed with color at the way Damen called her 'mother' but Esther lifted her chin, determined not to be shamed. He had been the first one to disobey her, to forget that he was her son. She said derisively, "I'm not the one who's been grossly negligent at work."

But if Esther had thought she would score a reaction from Damen, she was doomed to disappointment. Her son only nodded, his tone ever pleasant as he murmured, "I'd have to agree. If anything, you have been extremely diligent at work." He paused, and meeting his mother's gaze straight on, he added in a soft dig that unerringly hit its mark, "Remarkably so."

And that was when Esther realized her son had somehow gained the upper hand in their battle. She didn't know how or why, but her instincts never failed her. She was sure Damen had somehow come up with evidence about the illegal and unethical steps that she had taken to wrest the company away from his control. And now, like the lethally ruthless entrepreneur he was notorious for being, Damen was biding his time before he went for the kill.

Damen always did like to be thorough, especially when he wanted to hurt someone.

Esther did her best to mask her fear with contempt. "You are wasting my time, Damen." She sought to wound him at his weakest point, and of course everyone, Esther thought viciously as she glared at Mairi, knew what that was. "We have nothing of import to discuss for as long as you have that slut-"

Damen's eyes flashed. "Enough." His tone was incisive, authoritative, and everyone in the vicinity, from the reporters to even Esther herself, shut up, all of them unable to help responding to the unmistakable command in his voice.

"I pick my battles very carefully, Mother. I came here to see if you and Nelson Athanas could be made to see reason, but you've given me the answer to that already." The cold revulsion on Damen's face hurt more than Esther would ever admit, but when her son spoke again, his next words produced something she didn't think a man who had lost all his wealth was capable of inspiring-

"One of us will soon be going down. One of us will lose everything, permanently. But that person will not be me. That is my promise to you, Mother."

-and it was fear.

Esther's body shook as she watched Damen turn away, his arm around his stupid wife's waist. Deep down, she knew her son's promise was a threat that would come true. The premonition of her defeat tasted powerfully bitter on her tongue, making Esther lash out, "If I go down, you will go down with me."

Damen didn't stop walking away.

She laughed hysterically. "And I don't even have to do one thing, my son. Because you are that - my son. My blood flows in you, and whatever you do, you will always end up hurting the people who love you. That slut at your side will soon realize you can never really love her-"

Damen whipped around, his face white with rage. "Enough!"

"You're a fool to think you can ever change, that you can ever be happy in that kind of marriage," Esther screamed. She was so furious she no longer cared if the whole world saw her like a madwoman. Her eyes turned wildly to Mairi. "But you are the greater fool here, whore-"

"Shut up," Damen gritted out. He looked down at Mairi, telling her tightly, "Don't listen to her-"

Esther laughed madly. "Listen to me or not, you will soon learn for yourself that Damen will never learn to trust or love you. How can he? I've raised him myself, haven't I?" She pointed an accusing finger at Damen. "If you really love that slut, Damen, then should you have brought her back into your life? Is it love, knowing that she would be forced to suffer at your side, knowing that it would mean having her face the whole world - knowing that every person she meets thinks of her as your gold-digging whore?" Her laughter turned mocking. "Is that what you call love, dear Damen?"

Damen was unable to speak, his mind tortured by the reality of Esther's words. Was he being too selfish again? Would it be better to tear his heart out now and let Mairi go rather than risk destroying hers again?

Mairi felt terribly protective towards Damen when she saw the look of devastation on his face. Taking his hand in hers, she turned to Esther and looked at the other woman in the eye. "You don't have the right to say that to him." She had always felt a little intimidated by the older woman, but not anymore. It was funny, the way she had never felt mad at Esther whenever Damen's mother belittled her. But now that Esther was trying to hurt Damen, everything in Mairi wanted to defend her husband.

Esther hissed, "How dare you-"

Mairi shook her head vehemently, cutting Esther off as she cried out, "How dare you talk about love when you've never shown it to your children?"

Esther threw back her head in an arrogant, scornful laugh. "And you know about love, is that it? After being exposed as a scheming gold-digging bitch by your own husband?"

Lifting her chin, Mairi said evenly, "I don't give a damn what the world thinks. All I care about is that Damen and I know the truth. We love each other and...and..." Mairi wanted to tell Esther that she was a soulless bitch and a heartless mother, but such cruelty was beyond her, even now, and so she ended up saying, "...our love is real, unlike your nose!"

There was a moment of stunned silence before Esther released a livid gasp, a sound that was immediately drowned by the laughter that burst out from the crowd.

Oh, drat, Mairi thought a second later. Had she really said that?

An arm curled around her waist, and then she was being spun around. She landed against Damen's hard body and Mairi found herself looking up at him. Relief flooded her when she saw that he no longer looked devastated, and there was even a gleam of amusement in his silvery gray eyes.

When he started to speak, she held her breath, fearing he'd be mad at her for saying something so silly. At the back of her mind, she remembered all the times he had chosen not to confide in her about his problems, and she had always feared it was because he thought her too stupid and unsophisticated to help him with it.

But in the end all he said was, "How did you know my mother had a nose job?"

Head lowering in shame because she now felt she had been too petty, Mairi whispered, "I typed #EstherLeventis on Twitter and saw a magazine article about it."

"I have never had a nose job!" Esther was screaming. "I'll sue you for slander, you bitch-"

"Yes, you have, Mother," Damen said without heat, his back still to her, his amused gaze still on his embarrassed wife. Something warm and tender had uncurled inside him the moment Mairi took his hand and spoke in his defense, and the feeling only grew stronger the longer he looked at his wife. "I think we're done here," he told him quietly. "Shall we go?"

Mairi said simply, "Whatever you want."

The words made Damen want to kiss her. God, how he loved this woman. Maybe he really was selfish for keeping her with him, but if she ever found it in her heart to love him again, Damen swore on his life he'd devote every second of his time to making her feel cherished.

Mairi watched Damen and Drake exchange looks before they simultaneously moved to keep her in between them while they made their way back to the sidewalk. The silent communication made her bite back a smile. Maybe one day, Mairi hoped fervently, they could even be friends. That could happen, right?

Damen's arm was still around her waist, and silly or not, she took comfort in the possessive way he held her close to him. Was it also silly, Mairi wondered, that even though they had all the odds stacked against them, she had never felt closer to Damen? It felt like it was just the two of them against the world, Mairi thought wistfully, and stupid silly her, but she couldn't be happier about it.

As Drake called for a cab, Mairi saw Damen reach for his phone and answer a call. He spoke Greek in a low voice, but since she stood close to him, it was easy enough for Mairi to understand his words. "I'm not alone right now. I'll talk to you later."

When he put the phone down, she asked, "Who was that?"

Damen stilled.

After a beat he answered, "No one important."

All Mairi's hopes for Damen and her died at those words. She could only think of one person that Damen wouldn't want her to know he was talking to.

Alina.

Chapter Seven

She said: To wed a Greek billionaire, one must be ready to protect one's property.

He said: You make me sound very helpless. You do remember I'm bigger and stronger than you, don't you?

She said: But can you use your strength to hit a woman who's hitting on you?

He said: (Pause) Point taken.

If Mairi made one of those sexy husky laughs of hers one more time, Damen thought furiously, he would not be liable for what he would do to the ass**le sitting in front of them.

"That's why PP gets mad," Drake was saying. "She hated it when I was too soft on her or gave her special treatment."

Who the f**k was PP anyway? But then did he really care? Right now, what really grated on his nerves was how Mairi was practically sitting on the edge of their seat, leaning against the back of Morrison's seat as she listened to him talk, the expression on her face making it seem like she was hanging on to his every word. Damen's lips tightened. And if she said Drake was f**king cute one more time-

"Oh, you are just too cute, Drake," Mairi gushed.

That was f**king it!

Mairi suddenly found herself being hauled back and as she slammed against the side of Damen's body, Damen furiously asked her, "What the hell's gotten into you?"

That was rich, coming from him, Mairi thought contemptuously. But out loud all she said was, "What are you talking about?"

Damen's gaze bored through hers. "Don't play games with me, Mairi." One minute, all had been right in their world but the moment they had gotten inside the cab, Mairi had suddenly and inexplicably changed. She had ignored him the whole ride, choosing instead to focus all her attention on Drake and asking the other man about "PP".

"I'm not playing games," she said calmly. "I'm just talking to Drake-"

"You can talk to me," he snapped.

"Can I?" She wanted to take the words back the moment they came out. She hadn't wanted to say that at all, but the hurt and jealousy churning inside her made it difficult to control her tongue.

"What the hell does that mean?"

Mairi looked away as she lied, "I...simply meant that there aren't really a lot of things we've got in common."

He turned her head back to him the moment her gaze strayed. He wanted her looking at him and not at the other man, dammit. "We have lots of things in common."

She looked at him doubtfully. "Really?"

"Really."

"Like what?"

Damen racked his brains for something to prove his point.

When Damen couldn't answer, Mairi forced herself to smile. "You see? We don't really have anything-"

He did not want to hear her say those words. "Yes," he snarled, "we do." His fingers held her nape and brought her forward to him. "We have this in common." And not caring about the fact that they were anything but alone inside the cab, Damen crushed her mouth in his kiss.

Shock had Mairi immobile for a second, but almost right after the intense sexual chemistry between them sparked into life. His ravaging lips inflamed her body, and it took everything in her not to respond.

"Kiss me back," he gritted against her lips.

She didn't want to. How could she kiss him back when he had just talked to Alina?

"Kiss me back, dammit, or I swear to God, I'll touch you here."

The words were supposed to be a threat, she knew, but somehow they just ended up seducing Mairi more, and she couldn't help but whimper as she felt a rush of wetness in between her legs.

When Mairi's lips parted, Damen seized his chance, his tongue pushing in and reclaiming what he considered as forever his.

The moment Damen's tongue entered her mouth, she was lost. His kiss swept her away, destroying her ability to think and leaving her only capable of feeling. With a helpless moan of surrender, Mairi kissed him back as her arms went around his neck and her body softened against him.

The concept of time slipped away from their minds, and both of them forgot that they weren't alone in the cab. They kissed and kissed and kissed, their heads twisting and turning until Damen lost patience and had Mairi straddling his lap so he could kiss her more deeply while his hand squeezed her bottom.

Mairi found herself rubbing against Damen's hard cock, which slid tantalizingly between her legs like a hot pulsing rod that made her feel achingly empty. The delicious friction between their bodies made her gasp. It also made her want more, and she tried to satisfy her body's craving for contact by grinding her pu**y harder against Damen.

If she had her way, the kiss would never end. At least when they kissed, it was just them. It was Mairi and Damen, and no one could ever come between them.

It was only when someone knocked insistently on the window next to Damen that they realized they were already home.

Mairi tore herself away from the kiss, gasping and now red-faced in embarrassment as she realized just how much making out they had done in the cab - and with two other men present. She tried to pull away from Damen, but he didn't let her, instead pulling her head down again for a short hard kiss.

When he released her, Damen said in a low hard voice, "Stop flirting with Morrison."

Then stop talking to Alina, Mairi thought. But out loud, she only muttered, "I'm not flirting with him." When Drake opened the door, Mairi hurriedly climbed off Damen's lap and stepped out of the cab. Behind her, she heard Damen's phone ring again and she stiffened, waiting to see if he would answer it or not.

He did.

"It's still not a good time to talk-"

Mairi turned to Drake, saying brightly, "I'm not really in the mood to stay home. How about we go out for coffee and talk some more about PP?" As she spoke, she felt Damen glaring at her from behind. And when she invited Drake out, Mairi heard Damen end the call in an angry mutter. A second later, Damen had hauled her to his side.

"If you want coffee," he snarled, "I'll buy you some and you can have them with me." Without giving her a chance to speak, he practically carried her back inside their home and only managed a nod for the other man before taking his wife upstairs.

Mairi jumped when Damen slammed the bedroom door shut. Whirling around, she saw Damen stalking towards her. The look on his face had her eyes widening and taking a step back. "Damen-"

"I don't know what's gotten into you, but if you think making me jealous of Morrison will make me let you go..."

Mairi gasped as Damen reached for her just to spin her around and tear her dress from behind. The cloth gave way with a loud rip. The sound was startlingly erotic in her ears, and her whimper was a mixture of fright and excitement as Damen pushed her to the wall.

"...that's never going to happen." Damen ripped her underwear next just before his body slammed against her from behind. Mairi bit back a moan as she found herself caged in hardness, her br**sts pressing flat against the wall. She heard the sound of Damen unzipping himself and this time, she was unable to keep herself from moaning when Damen's fully aroused c**k rubbed against her bu**ocks. He was still fully clothed and she was na**d except for a pair of stilettos, and imagining how they looked like made her moan again.

Damen took hold of Mairi's wrists, pulling her arms up and chaining her wrists to the wall over her head with his grip. He was blinded with rage, fear, and jealousy. In his mind, he could still hear her talking to Morrison, still see her laughing with the other man. Had they been the same when they were in bed together?

The thought had him growling. "You're mine, Mairi. No one can take you away from me. No one." He didn't give her a chance to answer, instead proving his claim as he slid his c**k inside her. Both of them groaned as her wetness welcomed his penetration, and then he was thrusting in and out of her, his movements made deeper, harder, and wilder by Damen's desire to keep Mairi at his side.

"Mine, Mairi. Mine." He said the words as his c**k pounded into her over and over, and she could only hold on to his fingers, feeling like her body was suspended in air and all that was keeping her steady was Damen's sex.

Tears silently trailed down Mairi's cheek even as her body became hotter and more sensitive with every thrust. Maybe...maybe if I keep him jealous all the time, Mairi thought, maybe he won't have time for any other woman but me.

Damen's free hand pushed between her body and the wall, reaching for her clit. She cried out when he started playing with the tiny bud of flesh, and when he gritted, "I want you to come hard now, Mairi," she cried out in surrender, her body obeying the command of its master. Her orgasm had her screaming, and behind her Damen growled, his seed exploding out of his c**k even as his h*ps continued to pump in fast and furious movements.

When the tremors of her release started to die down, Mairi dimly felt Damen turning her around and carrying her to the shower. She allowed him to wash and clean her, and when he pulled her close for a kiss under the hot pulsing jets of water, she didn't resist.

As Damen gently toweled his wife dry, he tried not to let his tension show while he waited for her to speak. But she didn't. By the time he had taken her back to bed and pulled the covers over their na**d bodies, she still hadn't spoken a word.

He wanted to say something, but what exactly it should be escaped him. And so he ended up kissing her softly on the forehead before reaching for his phone on the floor.

Mairi bit her lip hard and willed herself not to shed a single tear as she heard the sound of Damen's fingers clicking on the screen of his phone. She wished she had the courage to demand an explanation from Damen. Why was he still lying to her? Why was he still talking to Alina? Why couldn't he be satisfied with her?

But she couldn't...because she was afraid of the answer. She knew, even if Damen didn't want to admit it, that he had only asked her back and married her out of guilt. Damen might be cruel and ruthless, but he had always been honorable. His honor and pride would have demanded him to atone for his treatment of her by giving Mairi her greatest wish - to marry a Greek billionaire.

And he had done that...even though he was starting to fall for Alina.

Damen's fingers continued to tap on the screen.

Mairi's teeth sank harder into her lower lip. She had to stop the tide of questions that came to her tongue, knowing she wouldn't be able to afford to hear the truth. If she did, she would have no choice but to leave Damen...and she wasn't ready for that yet.

Tomorrow, Mairi thought numbly. Tomorrow, she'd flirt with Drake again. Tomorrow, she'd do anything to make Damen jealous just so he would forget Alina. Tomorrow, she'd try to think of a way to help Damen with his financial problems. Maybe if she did, he'd feel even guiltier - enough not to call Alina ever again.

Her weakness shamed her, but her love for Damen was greater.

Be strong, Mairi.

Be strong so you can stay by Damen's side a little longer.

Chapter Eight

She said: To wed a Greek billionaire, you must exercise control over exploiting his One True Weakness when you feel hurt.

He said: What is it with you and Lord of the Rings...my precious?

She said: And that's it.

He said: That's what?

She said: Your weakness. Me. Your precious.

He said: (Pause) Ah, matakia mou. You turn me on when you get cocky like that.

Mairi knew the exact moment Damen received one of those "calls". It had been two months since they had tried to gatecrash Nelson Athanas' birthday party and by now, she was an expert at figuring out when Damen was really talking to a business associate or friend and when Damen was...not.

Right now was one of those times he was not.

Even though he stood right next to her, looking immaculately polished in an all-white golf tee and pants, his arm around her waist, Mairi knew that he really wasn't there. Right now, his whole world was centered on the phone vibrating insistently inside his pants' pocket.

If I were Damen's mistress, I wouldn't be so selfish that I'd call him while he's at a very important function. A hysterical laugh tried to bubble out of her. The thought would have made Mairi feel infinitely better if only she didn't know how pathetic she was being. She was his wife, for heaven's sake, and yet here she was, mentally competing with another woman.

"Mrs. Leventis, how about a picture?" A fresh-faced photographer came to her with a hopeful look on his face. He was one of the many, with the media coming in droves to attend the launch of the golf tournament, an annual fundraiser held by Mykolas Sallis, the Greek billionaire her friend Velvet married after a controversial whirlwind romance.

Held at Athens' most prestigious country club, the event always commanded a huge turnout, and this year was no different. It provided Mykolas with the perfect opportunity to announce his intention to put up a joint venture with Damen, a red herring meant to have all eyes on Mykolas while Damen worked behind the scenes with his enemies' enemies.

So far, the distraction was a huge success. If only, Mairi thought, she could be just as successful in distracting Damen from Alina Kokinos.

Her gaze returned to her husband, who was now reaching for his phone. In the act of telling the photographer to wait so she could call Damen to her side, Mairi instead gestured towards Drake. The other man stood a few feet away from her, his good looks and quietly commanding presence having caused quite a stir among the event's female guests.

Catching sight of Mairi's look, Drake swiftly made his way to her. "What is it?"

Mairi pointed to Drake. "How about taking a photo of me and the bodyguard instead?"

The photographer's eyes widened. "The b-bodyguard?"

From the corner of her eye, Mairi saw Damen answer his call. She flashed the photographer a wider smile. "Yup."

Absently looking up when his wife walked away from him, Damen cursed silently at the sight of Mairi about to strike a pose beside Drake Morrison for a picture. The other man's all-black outfit complemented Mairi's all-white collared shirt and short pleated skirt. They looked damn good together, and the thought had his lips clamping in a thin line.

To him, Mairi was easily the most beautiful girl in the room. Damen could not be any prouder of the fact that she belonged to him. Unfortunately, his wife seemed to have a tendency of forgetting the same fact.

Not taking his gaze off Mairi and doing his best not to bristle at Drake's proximity to her, Damen muttered, "I need to go. I'll call you later. This is really not a good time at all."

An anxious sigh came from the other end of the line. "It's always not a good time."

Damen winced. "I know, but I promise I'll make time for you tomorrow." Shoving his phone back into his pocket, Damen strode forward and tapped Drake from behind. "Thank you for your assistance, but I can take it from here." His voice was pleasant, but his smile was cold.

Drake nodded, a deferential look falling on his face like someone who had received his orders. But when he walked past Mairi's husband, he murmured, "Do not blame me when you're the one neglecting your wife."

Damen's nostrils flared and he had to consciously hold himself back from answering. He would have taken a swing at the other man if he was not aware of the fact that practically everyone in today's event still thought of him as someone made crazy and irresponsible by his "uncontrollable" libido.

Taking his place next to Mairi, Damen pulled his wife close to his side. He expected her to resist a little, but she didn't. Smiling for the photographer, he bent down to say silkily in her ear, "You seem to have forgotten who you're supposed to have your photos with, darling."

Mairi waited for the photographer to take his first shot before looking up at Damen. Tension was evident on his face, making her reach up to caress his cheek. "Sorry," she said penitently. Now that she had her husband's complete attention, her resentment disappeared, along with the need to flirt with Drake.

The apology had Damen shooting a brooding look at his wife, whose moods as of late were unpredictable as hell. One moment she was acting like the perfect wife, the next moment she was acting like she couldn't wait to leave him for Drake.

It was as if she was constantly trying to pick a fight with him, hoping he would one day tire of holding on to her.

But surely she had to know that that day would never come?

"Could you turn to your side, Mr. Leventis, and face your wife?" the photographer asked even as his finger continued hitting the shutter button.

Damen shifted sideways, and as his gaze took in Mairi's profile, he couldn't help noticing how she seemed to get lovelier each day. She was practically glowing. It should have been a good thing, if only a part of him didn't think his wife's blossoming looks had nothing to do with him at all.

Mairi tried not to fidget as she felt Damen's hooded gaze linger on her. She tried not to think of what his thoughts were either. If she did, she had a feeling she would just get depressed.

How long, Mairi asked herself silently, would she be able to survive this kind of marriage? Every night, Damen would tell her he loved her. But not once...not one damn instance could Mairi make herself believe him.

If only she could turn back time and be the same starry-eyed girl who had innocently dreamed of marrying a Greek billionaire. But she wasn't that girl anymore, and she didn't think she ever could be again.

Her heart had gotten smarter after being broken so many times. Now, it rejected every word, every touch, and every look that came from Damen that hinted of love. Now, her heart knew better. Now it knew the truth.

Damen's honor and guilt might have made him believe he really did love Mairi, but he did not.

She wished he did, but he just did not. Maybe he never had.

"How about looking like you're lost in love, Mrs. Leventis?"

The question startled Mairi back to consciousness.

Her inner turmoil leaving her a little raw, Mairi couldn't make herself look at Damen. Instead, she searched for Drake in the room. In the two months she and Damen had been married, Drake had turned into her shield, everything about him serving as a reminder of how much she needed to be strong.

A steely glint flashed in Damen's eyes when he saw his wife searching for Morrison. She needed to f**king look for Morrison in order to appear in love?

Jaw clenching, he reached for her, fingers curling around her nape. The moment she faced him, Damen captured her lips with a kiss. He had wanted the kiss to be a punishment and a warning, but the moment their lips met, his heart won over his jealousy and anger.

Soft. Tender. Gentle.

I love you.

Mairi willed herself not to cry. She had expected Damen's inherent possessiveness to take over in his kiss, but instead she tasted something else. Something she didn't want to name.

When Damen slowly ended the kiss, all they could do was look at each other.

The unspoken emotions in the couple's eyes had the photographer swallowing. His fingers shook as he raised his camera to his eye and started clicking. It was as if nothing existed for Damen and Mairi Leventis, their love pristine and untouchable despite all the ugliness that surrounded them.

Did she know how much he started to hope whenever she looked at him like this? His hand lifted, the urge to possess her born from a need that came from his heart. "Do you need some more shots like that?" His fingers grazed her cheek as he spoke, Damen's question was aimed at the photographer, but his gaze remaining on Mairi.

Her lips still tingling after Damen's unexpected kiss, it took a second for Mairi to understand the import of Damen's words. When she did, she blushed and stammered, "I think he's got enough." When Damen seemed prepared to argue, she sent him a pleading look. Dear God, didn't he see that she was still trying to catch her breath?

The look Mairi darted towards him made Damen smile. He was about to tease her by asking for another kiss when his phone buzzed insistently in his pocket.

Since Mairi was standing right next to Damen, she, too, heard the buzz coming from his pocket. Paling at the sound, her whole body tensing, Mairi swallowed back an instinctive plea for Damen not to answer it. To not choose another woman over his own wife.

"I have everything I need," the photographer was saying enthusiastically. "Thanks for the time. I'll make sure you all look great and the piece that comes with the photos will be just as great."

Mairi only half heard the photographer's words since most of her attention was on Damen's buzzing phone. Inherent courtesy had Mairi forcing herself to concentrate on the photographer. "Thank you, Mister-?"

"Guthrie, Mrs. Leventis. Eric Guthrie." Eric found himself unexpectedly tongue-tied at the blinding smile that accompanied Mairi Tanner-Leventis' words. So this was what had captured the ex-billionaire's heart, he realized. Good, old-fashioned genuineness that none of the jaded supermodels and frivolous heiresses of the world could ever fake.

Her smile warm, Mairi shook hands with Eric, automatically slipping into her role as Damen's #1 goodwill ambassador even as she couldn't prevent her gaze from straying towards her husband. "Thank you so much, Eric. We appreciate your interest in sharing our side with the public."

As she and Eric talked, four words kept echoing in her mind.

Please don't answer it. Please don't answer it.

Damen was talking to the photographer now. She watched as Damen and Eric shook hands, heart still in her throat.

Please don't answer it. Please don't answer-

When the photographer left, Damen turned around to face her, the smile on his face heartbreakingly dazzling. That smile easily summed up everything she loved about him, and it had nothing to do with the fact that he was - or had once been - a Greek billionaire.

"The photographer's infatuated with you," Damen said in a low, half-teasing, half-exasperated voice.

Mairi managed a laugh. "I don't think so." His phone had stopped buzzing, and she allowed herself to start breathing again.

"Yes, he is. It's making me rethink whether I should let you be interviewed alone-" Damen suddenly stopped speaking.

Mairi knew why. It was that sound again.

Please don't answer it. Please don't answer it.

If he did, there was no point staying with him. She loved Damen too much to force him to stay with her when it was obvious he already loved someone else.

The phone vibrating in his pocket was impossible to ignore. Biting back a curse but knowing there was no help for it, Damen turned back to Mairi, saying gruffly, "Could you excuse me? I need to take this call. I won't be long at all."

Mairi's heart shattered, and it kept shattering into innumerable pieces even as she made herself smile. "No problem," she said lightly. She started walking backwards, pride not letting her turn away and give her the chance to cry without being seen. She was done crying. She was done being weak. "I'll just entertain myself with Drake instead." They were great last words, but there was no thrill, no satisfaction, from saying them.

Not bothering to wait for Damen to reply, she spun around and headed straight to Drake, trying not to run as she did. She had to get to Drake, Mairi thought feverishly as she made her way past the players waiting for their turn. Drake would know what to do to make her...strong. Drake would know what to tell her so she could survive the pain spreading like cancer inside her body, a gnawing, clawing hurt that served as a reminder of how Damen couldn't bear not talking to Alina even if his conscience dictated that he stay true to his marriage and the feelings he no longer had.

Damen watched his wife go, stunned immobile by Mairi's words.

Entertain herself with Drake? Had his wife just told him that she would be flirting with Drake while he was otherwise occupied?

Without another moment's hesitation, Damen stalked after his wife. Everything was forgotten, everything made unimportant compared to the need to make Mairi realize one thing.

She belonged to Damen - and only Damen.

Mairi gasped when someone cupped her elbow from behind. The next thing she knew, she was being whirled around, her body slamming against Damen's lean hard form.

When her startled gaze met his, Damen snarled down at her in a low, furious voice, "Where do you think you're going?" But Damen didn't give her a chance to reply, instead tightening his grip on her as he led her towards one of the unoccupied balconies.

Waiters balancing trays swerved out of his way, and a couple of guests almost tripped on their own feet in their effort to avoid Damen, who was bearing down on them like a charging knight.

"People are talking," Mairi hissed.

"Let them talk." Damen didn't even bother to look around him.

Mairi tried to struggle out of his hold. "Let go of me." She welcomed the anger rising inside her, knowing it would prevent her from succumbing to self-pity. The memory of Damen answering his phone - of choosing to talk to another woman while Mairi was right next to him - had her stomach hurting, forcing Mairi to lash out in her pain. "I want to go to Drake-"

Pain roared up inside him.

Maneuvering both of them into the balcony, Damen slammed the doors closed after them. A second later, he had Mairi imprisoned in his arms, his lips conquering hers.

Mairi tried her best to stay unresponsive, willing herself to be immune to the way his tongue moved inside her mouth. But it was impossible, and both of them knew it.

"Don't ever say his f**king name again when you're with me," Damen muttered against Mairi's lips before slowly pulling away.

Then don't talk to Alina when you're with me, either! That was what she wanted to say. But she didn't. She couldn't. For suddenly, a terribly strong urge to retch had hit her, and with a cry Mairi pushed past Damen, rushing towards the aluminum waste basket in the corner.

The sick look on Mairi's face had Damen taking after her with a curse, his jealousy forgotten as he held her hair back while Mairi bent down and threw up. What the hell was wrong with her?

Another half-minute of retching followed before Mairi slowly straightened. Damen immediately took out his handkerchief, using it to carefully wipe her mouth. His worry intensified as he noticed Mairi's pallor and the way her lip trembled.

"Are you ill?" The words burst out from him. Theo, please do not let her be ill.

Mairi weakly shook her head. Oh God, why this? Why? Just when she had decided to leave Damen, why this? Why now?

Damen demanded tautly, "Then what is it-"

Cutting him off, Mairi whispered, "I'm pregnant." The truth crashed down on her as she spoke the words out loud. Oh God, everything made sense now. Why she always felt overly emotional, needy, and insecure.

Damen's jaw dropped. He stared at Mairi incomprehensively, his mind still trying to cope with her revelation. Mairi was pregnant?

His head jerked back to hers, Damen needing to see Mairi's face so he could be sure he hadn't just imagined her saying the words.

Mairi looked back at him, pale, quiet, and looking so terribly fragile that an aching sense of protectiveness surged up inside him.

"You're pregnant." The truth hit him as he said the words.

The tender smile that broke on Damen's lips made Mairi whisper uncertainly, "You're...not angry about it?"

His eyes widened. "Why the hell would I be angry about it?"

Because it might make Alina turn away from you.

The haunted look in Mairi's gaze made him cup her face. "Look at me, sweetheart." He sensed her reluctance to do so, and it made him even more determined to convince her of how happy he was with her news. When their gazes finally met, Damen said fiercely, "I'm ecstatic about us having a baby. If there's something I can say or do to convince you how damn happy I am about this, tell me and I'll do it. I'll say it."

Slowly, he placed a hand on her womb, and his entire body shook at the thought that right this moment, his child was resting in it, a miracle he and Mairi created. Lifting his gaze back to Mairi, he asked roughly, "Are you unhappy about this?"

She shook her head. "I'm...just as ecstatic." Her voice wobbled at the last word.

"But something's troubling you." He waited for Mairi to speak, to tell him what was wrong. But she didn't. And a moment after, the reason why came to him. He said dully, "It's still him, isn't it?"

Tears started to fall, leaving a wet trail on Mairi's cheeks. Each teardrop was a bitter reminder of every instance he had hurt Mairi.

"Theo, Mairi..." A painful laugh escaped Damen, the cynical part of him amused by the irony of how the tables had been turned. Once, he had despised all the trappings that came with love and marriage. Now, it was the other way around, Damen willing to sell his soul for a chance to make Mairi love him again.

He looked at his wife, his chest squeezing hard at the love that wanted to burst out of his heart. "Can't you find it in yourself to give me one more chance?" His pride was in tatters, but he didn't give a damn.

Mairi wept harder at the question. Oh God, if only he meant it. If only he had asked it without knowing they were about to have a baby.

Her silent rejection nearly drove him to his knees. "Can you at least...can you at least promise that you won't leave me, Mairi? That you won't take our baby away?" Damen knew he was begging, but he didn't give a damn about it either. His entire future, his f**king life hinged on her answer, and he would do everything to ensure that Mairi never disappeared from his life again. One time of losing sight of her was more than enough. Going through it a second time would be a nightmare he would never survive.

Looking down at the large, strong hand resting on her belly, his touch possessive and tender, Mairi shakily laid her hand over his, tears falling faster as she whispered, "Yes."

Her answer was bittersweet, and Damen said hollowly, "Because you pity me."

More tears fell, so fast it was as if there was no way to stop them. Again, she whispered a lie to keep her heart from shattering. "Yes."

Chapter Nine

She said: To wed a Greek billionaire, one must be prepared to be wrapped up in cotton wool.

He said: I love you, matakia mou. I will never tire of telling you that. But I cannot let you publish such a lie.

She said: You're denying you wrapped me up in cotton wool when I got pregnant?

He said: Absolutely. It was in silk and satin. But after your pregnancy, I admit to switching back to lace and leather-

(Note to editor: We'll be deleting that last line about my post-pregnancy wardrobe.)

"The doctor said that I had to take things slowly. He didn't say I was an invalid." Mairi's sputtered protest came out as a laugh as Damen and Drake both hastened to open the hospital's doors for her, beating the security guard to doing his job.

"We can't be careful enough," Damen muttered after shooting the hapless guard a cold look for not being quick enough to do what he was supposed to.

Mairi rolled her eyes even though a warm rush of pleasure washed over her at Damen's concern. Poor Damen, Mairi thought as she peeked at her husband. Although he still looked jaw-droppingly gorgeous - the crowd of nurses and female interns outside her doctor's office was proof of it - Damen was also noticeably paler than usual.

Damen caught sight of his wife's look and grimaced. "I know what you're thinking and I do not agree, matakia mou."

She exclaimed with wide-eyed innocence, "I'm not thinking anything."

He almost snorted. "You cannot fool me, my beautiful wife. You are too poor a liar, and your eyes are too expressive." As he spoke, he automatically held her back when he saw a bus bearing down on them, not wanting to risk Mairi crossing the road when there was a huge vehicle about to drive past. "I am not being overly protective." He was not. He was just being cautious, which was understandable after the little talk he had with Mairi's doctor. Damen had absolutely no idea that women in this age still died of pregnancy. How the f**k was that possible? People were able to make a f**king airplane fly but they couldn't make pregnancy 100% safe for expectant mothers?

When the bus drove past them, Mairi again tried to step off the sidewalk, but she was stopped by her husband once more. Looking up, she saw that a motorcycle was bearing down on them this time. She burst into laughter, and glancing at Drake over her shoulder, she said, "Tell him he's overreacting, Drake. You know it's true!" For once, she did it without any ulterior motive of making Damen jealous. She was just too happy, the way Damen had devoted his every moment to her since he had learned of her pregnancy last night making her feel lighthearted and bubbly.

Everything felt perfect. The sun couldn't shine brightly enough, the sky couldn't be blue enough, and oh God, she couldn't seem to stop smiling. For a moment, she lost herself in cloud nine, and because she was looking at Drake, she completely missed the fleeting look of stark pain in Damen's gaze when he heard her talk to Drake in an affectionate voice.

Drake didn't. The chilling kind of look Damen often directed at him was impossible to ignore, but as always, Drake deliberately paid it no heed. He was done interfering between the two, the guilt inside him still fresh. At night, an imaginary Paige would sometimes chide him for causing too much pain for both Damen and Mairi. The Paige in his mind would urge him to make things right between the two, and what Paige wanted, she got. Even if she was not real. Even if it meant he would have to kill a thousand men to have her smile.

The problem was, fixing other people's hearts was not really his forte.

All Drake knew was how to break them.

"Drake, tell him," Mairi was insisting as Damen hailed a cab, her husband obviously deciding it was the safer option compared to taking the short five-minute walk back home.

Around them, people who recognized Mairi and Damen started taking pictures. Mairi appeared completely oblivious to it, but Damen and Drake were not, both of them not ruling out the possibility that either Yehor Kokinos or Esther Leventis would snap at any moment and do irreparable harm to Mairi.

Mairi, his wife, who was, Damen thought with a mixture of exasperation and tenderness, as clueless as ever. Dressed in a lilac high-waist dress that effectively hid her tiny bump, Mairi looked more like a beautiful girl fresh out of college than an expectant mother.

The glow about her made Mairi appear more mesmerizing than ever, and Damen suspected it was why the Greek public was still unable to get enough of her. Local gossip websites were filled with photos of them, and the most popular of them were often the most mundane. A shot of Damen and Mairi walking to the market holding hands, a shot of Damen assisting his wife out of the cab, or a shot of Mairi chatting happily with a tavern owner while he brewed coffee.

As Mairi and Damen continued to lead normal lives minus the trappings that came with Damen's previous billionaire lifestyle, the public slowly began to see themselves in his wife. No longer was she a notorious gold digger in their eyes. Instead, she was a Cinderella who had found her Prince Charming...and chose to love him still even if he was no longer a prince.

A cab finally stopped before them. But before Mairi could get in, Damen held her back while Drake went forward to inspect the vehicle's safety and determine whether the driver was someone to be suspicious about.

Mairi threw her hands up. "You're acting just as ridiculous as Damen! What's next? Secret Service agents tailing us?"

Drake almost smiled, and when he turned around to face the couple, he saw that the ex-billionaire's lips had twitched, too. Mairi's words were actually true, with Damen selling off his sports car to afford the fees of Drake's men and ensure that they worked incognito in keeping Mairi safe as well as tailing his enemies, waiting for them to betray themselves.

"It's safe," was all Drake said.

Mairi sighed. "Hopeless. You are both hopeless."

Inside the cab, Damen immediately pulled Mairi to him, wanting her close to him all the time.

Mairi didn't resist at all when Damen tugged her close. She wanted the same thing, but she just couldn't bring herself to reach for him first, seeing it as an act of weakness she couldn't afford to make.

Ahead of them, Damen spied a boutique for infants. "Would you like to stop there? We haven't bought anything yet for our baby."

There was a tiny pause before Mairi said brightly, "I think it would be way cooler and more meaningful if we did it the old school way, don't you think?"

His forehead furrowed. "What are you suggesting?"

"I could knit..."

"You can do that of course, but I don't want you tired unnecessarily. Besides, there are other stuff that we must buy." He paused. "Unless of course you are thinking of building a crib for the baby, too?"

Mairi stuck out her tongue. "Ha-ha."

The reluctance on Mairi's face bemused Damen. Admittedly, he knew little about pregnant women, but wasn't it natural for them to be eager to shop for the baby's needs?

A moment later, the truth hit him, and his chest constricted. It was moments like this, Damen acknowledged grimly, that he almost wanted to give Mairi up. A woman like Mairi deserved a real billionaire and not a former one like him.

He said quietly, "I can afford it."

Mairi flushed, hating that Damen caught on to her so easily. She said quickly, vehemently, "I know you can." She didn't want anyone - not even Drake - to think that she doubted Damen's capability to provide for her and their baby. Damen Leventis was one of the proudest men she knew, and it didn't escape Mairi that his pride had also repeatedly suffered a great beating ever since she came into his life.

The thought had her drawing her breath sharply, Mairi doing her best to blink back tears that had sprung out of nowhere. Pregnancy hormones had made her even more melodramatic, with a tendency to cry over the smallest things.

Damen shook his head when he saw Mairi lower her head. He knew what that meant. He pulled her to him without a word. She struggled, which he expected, but he didn't let her go, and soon her tears were soaking his shirt.

He asked gruffly, "What have I done to make you cry?"

She asked in a near inaudible voice, "Are you really happy about the baby?" Money was so incredibly tight these days, and she hated it that because of her unplanned pregnancy, Damen might just be forced to ask for a loan from the few people who had stuck by them.

Damen tipped her chin up so he could look into her eyes, Mairi's question puzzling him. "Why would you even ask such a question? I know you do not believe me, but I love you, Mairi. This baby is a product of our love, so how could it not be just as precious for me?" He paused, wondering how much he could say, but in the end, the truth won out. He had promised himself he would never lie to Mairi again - or at least not when it came to his feelings - and he was determined to keep that promise.

"This baby is a blessing for more than one reason, Mairi, and do you know why?"

She shook her head.

He said simply, "It's a blessing because I know our child has created an eternal bond between you and me, and no matter if you want to get rid of this bond, you won't be able to. I can only hope that the baby will keep you married to me forever."

Mairi's fingers curled against his shirt, now wet with her tears. She so wanted to believe Damen. And she almost did. Almost. She asked haltingly, "Why have you never asked me if the baby is...yours?"

A pained smile curved on Damen's cruelly beautiful lips, and his voice was made hoarse by his regret and humility as he said, "Because I have always been the one who lied in our relationship. Never you." He swallowed, remembering the time when Mairi had admitted to him that she had fallen in love with him at first sight. "Not even when it would have been better for you to lie."

****

Esther Leventis' blood chilled at the underlying note of furious panic in Yehor Kokinos' voice when he answered her call. He always sounded in control whenever they talked, a man who knew he had absolute power in his ever-increasing world. But now he sounded exactly the opposite.

"I hope I did not catch you in a bad time, but this is important." They had not talked in over two weeks, long enough to have her worried. Enough to have Esther swallow her pride and call him first. "The hearing is coming up soon, Yehor. We have not yet discussed-"

"I don't have time for your petty problems," Yehor said, cutting her off.

"A potential merger that could make us a monopoly of the industry is not petty!"

Yehor's temper snapped. "You're right! It's not petty when it should have been. I should have known you would be incapable of keeping your son in line. After all," he added in disgust, "if you couldn't do it with your husband-"

"How dare you?" Esther screeched, never failing to feel livid whenever the topic of her deceased husband was introduced.

"I dare because we both know that your son has always been the real brains behind your company. Short-term gains were all you could bring, while your son has always been the one credited for Leventis' long-term growth. You brought more profit by squeezing money out of your suppliers and employees, but that can only give you a paltry few millions at best."

Esther's fingers tightened around the receiver, her body shaking with mute rage. "If you don't stop being rude, I swear-"

"You swear what? You have already done your worst to your son, but he's survived it. So what can you still do, Esther?" he jeered. Cursing the woman in his mind, he muttered almost to himself, "I should have known better than to trust you. If I hadn't gotten myself embroiled in your stupid plans, I would have seen it coming. Someone is trying to take my company away-" Yehor bit off the rest of his words, knowing he had already said too much.

But it was already too late.

"Who could take your company away from you?" Esther asked sharply, her question prompted not by concern over Yehor but more for his ability to keep his bargain with her.

"Forget I said anything," Yehor said curtly and slammed the phone down.

But Esther could not forget, and the feeling of something bad persisted inside her. She was not a suspicious woman by nature. She relied only on facts and never on feelings, but she also knew she would be dumb to ignore what her instincts were telling her.

Someone knocked on her door, and before she could demand who it was, the door burst open, Cimon Onassis pushing past Esther's harried-looking secretary.

A sick feeling formed in her stomach. Cimon Onassis was the president of the company's accounting department as well as being the man she had bribed to doctor certain accounts so that everything would show in her favor and not Damen's.

"Something's come up," Cimon said abruptly as he stopped in front of Esther Leventis' desk.

"You can go," Esther told her secretary sharply.

The moment the door closed behind Esther's secretary, Cimon said, "We have a problem. My secretary has not come to work for over a week now."

Esther scowled. "And this is my problem because?"

"-she may have incriminating evidence against us," Cimon finished flatly.

Esther whitened at the implications. If Cimon's secretary ever went to Damen, it could be all over. "Find her. I don't give a damn what you have to do, but you must find her and make sure she doesn't speak. Permanently."

Cimon's eyes widened, realizing the meaning behind Esther's words. "You can't be serious-"

"It's either that or we both go down."

Cimon stared at Esther for a long moment, waiting and wishing for her to change her mind and leaving only when it was obvious she wasn't going to. This was too much, Cimon thought to himself, fear causing his hand to tremble as he pressed the button for the elevator at the executive floor to open its doors.

His gaze strayed to Damen Leventis' office, which had been padlocked since the day he had been voted out by the board. Was a seat at the board worth risking his life? Was it worth risking Damen's wrath on him when the latter found out what Cimon had done?

Alone in her office, Esther could feel an invisible noose around her neck tightening ever slowly, as if controlled by a cruelly taunting Damen. The thought made her hiss. "No!" Esther sent papers on her desk flying with an angry sweep of her hand.

Impossible, she told herself. None of this was the work of Damen. Her son might be more cunning than most, but he was also dirt poor right now. A man without the resources he had grown up with and been long used to.

Forcing herself to think methodically like she always did, Esther considered her steps, considered her nemesis, and came to a decision.

Thirty minutes later, she was seated in the backseat of her limousine, parked near the gates of Damen's house. The property was the only one that the bank hadn't been able to take away from her son. If only they had, Esther thought. Maybe he would be less proud and more inclined to surrender.

Per her orders, Esther's chauffeur stepped out of the limousine and opened the door for her when he saw a cab come to a stop in front of the gate. His employer's son and daughter-in-law stepped out.

Esther's face was a picture of remorse when she approached Damen. "May we speak privately?"

Damen looked at Drake, and the other man nodded, murmuring to Mairi, "I believe it would be safer if we have you inside now."

Mairi shook her head, her gaze trained at Damen, the cold fury in his face worrying her. The anger was well-deserved, but Mairi also knew that such anger only hurt Damen more than it did Esther. The other woman simply did not have any kind of maternal instinct at all while Damen, albeit appearing strong and powerful, was no different from any son. Damen had always wanted a parent's love, and the fact that his parents were incapable of it would always make a part of him blame himself for it.

Damen frowned at Mairi's silent refusal. "Don't be disobedient now, matakia mou."

She bit her lip, almost blurting out that she wasn't being disobedient. She was only worried about him. Finally, she said, "I'll go inside if you promise Drake gets to stay here with you."

Both men turned to her incredulously.

Not looking at Esther, Mairi kept her gaze at her husband as she said stubbornly, "I want him to make sure that you're not hurt."

Esther let out a gasp. "Damen, would you really let her insinuate that I could hurt you?"

Damen didn't bother answering, didn't even glance at his mother. His eyes bored through Mairi, as if telling her how silly her words were. If you do not want me hurt, you should fire him right away.

She colored at the silent message in his gaze but insisted, "I mean it. I don't want her to make you lose sight of everything we've worked so hard for."

Seeing the set jaw on Mairi's face, Damen knew there was no changing his wife's mind. He said reluctantly, "Fine. Go in now and Morrison will stay with me."

Drake deadpanned, "I have never babysat for an ex-billionaire before, but I will do my best."

In the same tone, Damen answered, "Go to hell."

Esther had to exert a conscious effort not to speak. It offended her how the men appeared to lavishly pamper the slut her son had married. She was no one. No one! Why was it that none of these supposedly smart men understood that?

Damen waited for the doors to close behind Mairi before turning back to face Esther. "Why are you here?"

Genuine contrition was an emotion foreign to her, but Esther's survival instincts made her strive to mimic it as she raised her hand in an appealing gesture to Damen. "This war between us is senseless. I see it now, Damen." She waited for him to speak, but he didn't. Trying again, she murmured, "I realize I was wrong to not let you explain yourself-"

A mirthless laugh slipped past his lips. "We both know there is nothing for me to explain. I have always acted for the good of the company-" His lip curled in distaste. "-despite the false evidence presented against me."

"I can make the evidence disappear-"

His tone bored, he cut her off, saying, "Please don't, Mother. I'm having too much fun now. It would be my greatest pleasure to rip your side's evidence into pieces and expose it for the lies they truly are."

Panic stirred inside Esther at Damen's words. "We can still work together on this-"

"Enough." Weariness hit him, and Damen shook his head, a dismissive gesture that stung Esther's pride. "It's too late, Mother. You need to go. I cannot afford any kind of threat now." He paused. "I don't have just a wife to protect. I have an unborn child to keep safe as well."

Any hope of reconciliation was lost as Esther gazed at Damen's face, unable to see even a slightest hint of softening. The invisible noose around her neck tightened to the point that she felt like she could no longer breathe. Panic and frustrated rage had her ignoring her common sense, and she screamed, "You are really going to choose that slut over me?"

Damen's lips tightened. "Call her that one more time-"

"Slut!"

He exploded, "She isn't that. You are!"

"How dare you?" Esther screeched. "I gave birth to you! You owe your life to me-"

"If I could pay it back, I would," he snarled back. "If I could have a choice of who my mother would be, I'd rather pick someone who didn't have a single cent to her name-"

Esther laughed coldly. "But you can't, can you? And no matter what you do, it's like I have always told you. You will always be my son, and you will always be bound-"

"Leventis." Drake stepped forward. "I think this is what your wife does not want you to be a part of. It would be better if you go and follow her inside."

When Esther Leventis started to speak, Drake snapped his fingers, and out came the security agents that Damen had hired. He said politely, "I'm afraid you are in danger of trespassing, Mrs. Leventis. If you do not leave the premises in a minute, these men have the wherewithal to make you leave and, if necessary, have you arrested as well."

When the woman seemed to be preparing herself to scream, Drake added evenly, "If you think my men are the type to play nice, Mrs. Leventis, you will find yourself sadly wrong."

Esther scanned the faces of the men around her and knew that Damen's bodyguard wasn't lying. Who the hell was this nobody anyway, and how dare he talk to her like they were of equal footing? Lifting her chin, she whirled around and walked back to her limousine, knowing it was better to concede this battle. There was still the war for her to win anyway, and if Damen thought she had shown all her aces already, she would soon prove him wrong.

As her chauffeur drove her back home, Esther took out her phone from her purse and made a call.

"Mrs. Leventis?"

"Yes, it's me, Alina...no, no, I'm not calling you on behalf of your father." She paused, as if having a hard time speaking. "I need your help about Damen. You may be the only one to make him see the danger he's in because of the woman he married."

Chapter Ten

She said: Secrets abound when you wed a Greek billionaire.

He said: But not all of them are the bad sort.

She said: I disagree. Every secret is bad, but you probably won't ever see it my way. You're a Greek billionaire, Damen - and not an ordinary one at that. There's not a day that a part of me isn't terrified you'll suddenly realize I'm not good enough for you and so the secrets...they make me insecure. Because I love you so much-

(Editor's note: To be continued tomorrow. Couple had sex. Again.)

"Hit me with it." The words came from Willow Somerset, the newest junior editor of Hamnet, Greece's most prestigious publishing firm. Even though the half-Greek brunette was only twenty-three, she looked more like the office's resident frump with her plastic-framed glasses, shapeless mud-colored three-piece pantsuit, and a pair of murderously heavy-looking clogs.

Without missing a beat, Damen bent forward, acting as if he was about to hit the bubble of gum that his editor was trying to blow into a huge pink balloon. Although no one else was inside the conference room with them, the walls around them were entirely made of glass. If just one of Willow's bosses saw their junior editor right now, that was it for them, their deal possibly being nullified even before it reached acquisitions.

Willow's blue-green eyes widened when she saw Damen Leventis' ridiculously good-looking face move towards her, the evil gleam in his silver-flecked eyes making his intent to burst her bubble - literally - very clear.

Damen lifted his hand, about to "hit" her with it.

Shit! Willow immediately snapped her gum back into her mouth, glaring at her client as she did.

"There. That's better." Damen settled back on his seat, satisfied that he had made his point.

"It's just gum," Willow grumbled.

The ex-billionaire only looked at her.

She tried to resist the temptation to squirm, reminding herself that in the normal scheme of things, she should be the one holding the power in this relationship. She was his editor. He was an author - heck, not even that since he had asked her to ghostwrite his proposal. Whatever. The point was, she should be the one with the upper hand, not him.

Damen Leventis was still looking at her.

God, he made her feel so immature.

With a muttered curse in Greek, Willow tore a piece of paper from her notepad, spit out her gum, and used the piece of paper to wrap the gum up before throwing it into the waste basket. "Satisfied?" she snarled.

He said bluntly, "No."

Willow rolled her eyes. "Why am I not surprised?" In the months she had spent with Damen Leventis, she had come to understand that the older man was a slave driver and a perfectionist. It made her respect the hell out of his wife, definitely.

"I will not be satisfied until I've got my signature on a publishing contract." His eyes narrowed warningly on his editor, their roles definitely reversed. Editors were supposed to be the ones dispensing advice to their clients, but in Damen and Willow's case, Damen was the one constantly making sure that his young, rebellious, extremely outspoken, and proudly eccentric editor did not step out of line.

Of the editors he had sent feelers to about his proposal, only Willow had seriously considered his proposition. More than that, she was a damn good writer, too, having been able to pen a brilliant proposal and sample chapters for Damen in one day. If only, Damen thought exasperatedly as he took in Willow's restless movements, she acted and spoke as well as she wrote. Right now, she was no different from a hyper teenager, unable to keep still in her seat, her fingers tapping noisily on the table.

"Keep still," Damen ordered. With young girls like Willow, it was important to let one know who the voice of authority was.

"I'm too nervous," Willow revealed reluctantly. Although Willow's family owned Hamnet, she was still expected to prove her mettle. Of the many potential clients she had presented to the committee, only her proposal for publishing Damen Leventis' unorthodox manual had been considered. And if she had to be honest, she wouldn't even have gotten this far if the ex-billionaire had not forced Willow to listen to his advice.

"You're too melodramatic," Damen had told her the first time they met over lunch. "If you had been applying at my company-"

"Your former company, you mean," she couldn't help correcting.

Damen said evenly, "I would have dismissed you on the spot. Aside from being tactless, you appear to be unforgivingly passionate, which is likely to grate on most people's nerves."

Willow had choked in her indignation. "Are you telling me I shouldn't be passionate about my job?"

"Of course not," Damen had rejected impatiently. "Passion is something I admire and seek in every employee of my former company. But too much passion, too much zeal, makes an employee as irresponsible and undesirable as one without it at all. Even passion must be honed and made strategic. It's how potential can be molded into talent, and later on, into a tangible asset."

The words were harsh, but they had not been as disparaging as the ones Willow often received from most of her family. More importantly, Damen Leventis had not dismissed her as useless. Instead, he had, in a roundabout way, told her she had the kind of passion that could be turned into a profitable talent.

Willow had made up her mind after that. "I want to publish your manual." And after that, the rest was her history as Damen Leventis' unpaid and overworked slave.

Noticing the way his young companion was doing her best to chew her lower lip into pieces, Damen said with quiet assurance, "It will be all right."

"I'm not worried. Are you worried?"

Damen ignored the blustery answer. "Would you like to practice pitching again?"

She shrugged. "If you need it."

Too proud, Damen thought, lips twitching. Oddly, it reminded him of Stavros Manolis, and an idea occurred to him. When he was done with all his troubles and he had given Mairi her happy-ever-after, he would make sure to find a way for Stavros and Willow to meet. He had a feeling that the two would hit it off right away, both of them being workaholics but with different perspectives about work. One was a cold-blooded tactician, the other a passionate advocate.

Out loud, he said dryly, "Yes, I do need it."

Willow inhaled deeply. "Okay. Here goes." She took another deep breath.

A few moments passed.

"I'm still waiting."

"I'm building momentum."

Damen rolled his eyes.

More moments passed.

"How much momentum do you need again?"

"Shut up."

Damen shook his head. "Willow?" He waited until his editor faced him, and this time he saw how pale she was. Ah, damn. The girl had stage fright. This wasn't good, for her or for him.

He picked up their twenty-page proposal from the table. "What's this I'm holding, Willow?"

She frowned. "Our proposal of course."

"How long have we been working on this?"

"Almost three months." She paused. "But I was the one mostly working on it since you barely found time to meet up with me to check its progress." Thinking back on the numerous sleepless nights she had spent slaving over the proposal, Willow crossed her arms over her chest with a disapproving frown. "Even the phone calls were infrequent."

A faint flush of color stained Damen's sculpted cheeks. "I apologize for that, but you do have the worst timing when it comes to calling me. This is my surprise for my wife, remember? I can't have her figuring out what I'm planning." Deciding to change the subject before the debate-loving Willow found a way to argue with him about it, Damen said, "This proposal means everything to both of us for different reasons."

She nodded.

"Why is it important to you?"

"Because it's my chance to prove that I deserve to work here and, eventually, lead Hamnet."

"Good. And why do you think our proposal is worthy of being published?"

"Because you're a controversial figure, and autobiographies or semi-autobios by controversial figures always sell."

Behind Willow, Damen discreetly watched William Somerset, the CEO of Hamnet and also his editor's father, come in, the door noiselessly swinging shut behind him. Right away, he recognized the opportunity for the young woman to present her pitch without her nerves and insecurities getting the better of her.

Keeping his gaze on Willow, he prompted, "The real reason, Willow. I'm just one of the dozens of controversial figures here in Greece, and you know it. If you want your company to back your proposal and spend millions on this, we both need to go all in."

Easier said than done, Willow thought, but unfortunately she also knew it to be true. Slowly, she said, "When I first learned of your proposal, I thought you just wanted to make a quick one mil or something. I thought you wanted to publish something that was like a cross between an Idiot's Guide for Gold Diggers and a self-help book for the Real Housewives of Athens."

Although it wasn't his first time to hear of Willow's initial thoughts, Damen still winced.

Catching sight of Damen's pained look, she said sheepishly, "Sorry. When I got to talk to you, I knew right away it wasn't like that."

"So what is it about then?"

She closed her eyes, letting her imagination fly. Papers shuffled, words drifted up in the air in a colorful tornado, and around it were readers - so many of them, and they all wanted to read the book because...

"It's a book about love," Willow said softly, eyes still closed. "The Art of Catching a Greek Billionaire isn't about making a woman happy because she now has access to billions of dollars. It was never that. It's about the man - the billionaire who may seem to have everything but doesn't. This book shows that Greek billionaires need to be caught by the right woman because..."

Willow squeezed her eyes shut more tightly. "Because a woman who loves selflessly, eternally - that's his true wealth. The one thing he can't ever buy." A smile touched her lips, and the look on her face made it obvious why she was named such.

Willowy beautiful in a way that could easily make people catch their breath, Willow continued, "The Art of Catching a Greek Billionaire doesn't aim to be profound or informative. It's just a book of love and hope, a book that's likely to make you cry and laugh but in the end, it's going to make you feel good. It's going to make you look forward to tomorrow because you know...if fate was able to make Mairi Tanner's dreams come true...if fate was able to make Damen Leventis fall in love when he never believed it existed in the first place..." Her shoulders lifted in a helpless shrug. "Why couldn't it happen to the rest of us?"

A second later, Willow's eyes flew open at the sound of someone slowly clapping his hands. When she spun her seat around, she was stunned to see her father inside the conference room, and behind him was the rest of the acquisitions committee.

William Somerset asked gruffly, "Would a 100,000 initial print run do?"

Everyone in the room knew the answer to that.

Willow shrugged, not knowing how to express her emotions so in the end, she decided to do what she usually did, and that was to retreat behind a shell of indifference. "I...umm...think it's adequate."

The too-proud answer had Damen clearing his throat.

"I mean, thank you for your trust in me. I'll make sure you won't be disappointed, sir."

William glanced at the ex-billionaire. "Willow has filled me in about your plan in the event that we do offer to publish your work. We can probably have a hundred ARCs ready in time for your party. It will be the day after tomorrow, correct?" It was William's way of expressing his gratitude for Damen Leventis' patience, something that not many people was able to offer his wayward daughter.

"That would be much appreciated. The book is to be my wife's surprise, so I hope that nothing about it leaks out." Damen walked forward to shake hands with Willow's father.

William murmured, "You must love your wife very much to go to such lengths just to let her know of your feelings."

Damen's lips twisted in a smile. "If you have the chance to read the book, you'll know that what I'm doing - or whatever I can think of doing - is not enough. I've hurt her too many times that having the chance to show my wife I love her is a privilege in itself."

When William Somerset left with the other executives, Willow said accusingly, "You knew he was there, didn't you?"

He said evenly, "Next time, I know you won't have to be tricked into doing the same thing."

Her shoulders slumped. "I don't know about that. My nerves always get the better of me."

"Come to the party. I have someone who'd be the perfect trainer for you."

The offer was generous and kind, which of course made Willow feel uncomfortable, pushing her to mutter ungraciously, "I don't need a trainer."

"Yes. You do. And that answer is exactly why you need one." Together, the two of them walked out of the conference room, Willow accompanying him until they reached the elevators.

It was only when the elevator doors slid open and Damen stepped in did Willow mumble, "Thanks for helping me in there."

Damen smiled slightly. "Thank you for taking a chance on my admittedly ambitious and unorthodox project."

Willow said seriously, "Good luck with winning your wife back, Damen."

The doors closed at the same time his phone buzzed. The name on the screen made Damen frown, but in the end, he decided to reply. If he wanted a future that was completely free of any kind of obstacle that could hinder him and Mairi from getting back together permanently, then it was time to clear up all loose ends.

Starting...with Alina.

Chapter Eleven

She said: To wed a Greek billionaire, one becomes an expert at lie detection.

He said: Is that so?

She said: Go on. Test me.

He said: We're in a private place.

She said: Lie. And umm, duh!

He said: We're alone.

She said: Lie. Willow, tell me, is he for real?

He said: I'm not finished.

She said: Ooookay.

He said: You want to f**k me right now. I only have to touch your hair and you want me. I only have to look at you and you want me. I only have to say your name and you want me. Are those lies, matakia mou?

She said: Unfair! That's a trick question!

Important meeting? Ha! Yeah, right. These were the thoughts that ran through Mairi's head as she tried not to bang pots in Damen's ultra-modern kitchen. She had taken pains to prepare breakfast, hoping they could eat it in bed, but instead he had told her in a distracted voice that he had to leave right away.

And then she had watched Damen - the man who she had never even seen glance at his reflection on the mirror unless he was ha**ng s*x with her in front of it - stand a good five minutes in front of his extensive wardrobe, a taut look on his face as he pulled out a new pinstriped suit. "Do you think this looks good on me?"

That was when she really knew. Oh my God, he really was having an affair with Alina Kokinos! She had read about this in those women's magazines that Mandy secretly devoured in hopes of being more "sensitive" and "feminine".

When Damen had raised a brow at her, Mairi had snapped, "No. I think you look bad in anything you wear." And then she had shoved past her husband, muttering about eating breakfast with Drake.

For once, Damen's jealousy had not made him go after Mairi.

"What's with all the racket?" Drake asked as he entered the kitchen, wincing at all the banging and clanging that Mairi was making with her frying pans. He grabbed one of the stools by the counter, one eyebrow lifting when he saw the lineup of dishes Mairi had prepared. Pancakes, toasts, Eggs Benedict, bacon, and even a fruit platter - all of them untouched. "Are we celebrating or something?"

"Nope." Mairi tried to keep her tone cheerful as she turned around to face Drake. Hair still wet from a shower and dressed in a white wife beater that exposed his broad shoulders and biceps, the ex-sniper appeared like he had just stepped out of a sexy edition of Bed Bath and Beyond.

Taking the stool next to him, Mairi stared at Drake for a long time, willing for her breath to catch, her heart to race, her body to tense. Mairi willed herself to feel something - anything - for Drake Morrison. Just one sign, Mairi thought desperately, to prove that she had not completely lost herself in Damen. Again.

But there was none.

The despair on Mairi's brown eyes had Drake frowning. His first instinct was to be gentle, a feeling prompted by guilt, but Drake knew that wasn't really what Mairi needed right now. He also knew that even if it was, it had never been his role to give Mairi a shoulder to cry on.

That was Damen Leventis' role...even if he was likely the reason Mairi's gaze was dark with misery.

Drake slapped a couple of pancakes on his plate, giving Mairi time to speak. From the corner of his eyes, he watched her reach for a piece of toast and munch on it. He said brusquely, "Pretending to be strong doesn't actually make you strong, Mairi."

Mairi flinched, her half-eaten toast falling from her fingers to her plate.

When she still didn't speak, Drake swung his seat sideways so he could take a good look at her. "I taught you better than that, don't you think?"

Yes, he did, Mairi acknowledged painfully, but sometimes it was just easier to fall back on old habits and keep pretending. Lowering her gaze to the table, she concentrated on picking the crumbs that had fallen off her plate. In a light voice, she said, "Damen left early for a meeting today."

"And you're upset because he wasn't able to eat breakfast in bed with you?"

"I called Barry, his secretary, and he says there wasn't any meeting penciled in Damen's schedule."

"It could have been unplanned."

"He asked me how he looked in his new suit. He never does that."

"Maybe he finally realized he's not as good looking as he thinks he is?"

A choked laugh escaped Mairi, the sound hiding the trail of tears on her cheeks.

Drake cursed. "Mairi-"

She shook her head vigorously. "I'm okay." Mairi unconsciously placed a protective hand on her tummy, where her unborn child rested. "I just..." Her shoulders lifted in an awkward shrug, and she gave Drake an embarrassed smile. "I thought I could do this, you know? Be with Damen while pretending I don't love him? I thought I could control it because now I knew what I was getting myself into. But it didn't happen that way. I just...I just fell in love with him more, and I don't think that's right."

Mairi willed her voice not to shake as she continued, "I think Damen's about to have an affair with Alina Kokinos."

Her words stunned Drake. "Mairi, you know I'm not exactly your husband's greatest fan, but-"

She cut him off, saying softly, "I don't think he's been unfaithful to me. I don't think he ever will be, but..." Mairi choked, throat clogged with sobs she didn't want to come out. "I love him too much to keep him with me if he no longer wants me, Drake. You understand, don't you? If...if Paige loves someone else, even if it's someone you don't like for her, you'd end up letting her go, won't you? Because you love her."

The look on her face killed him, but it was her words that rendered Drake frustrated with his impotence because everything she said was true. Drake wanted to reach for Mairi, but he knew that was one thing he could never ever do. He had crossed that line once, and even now, they were still paying for its consequences.

The problem with the two of them, Drake thought harshly, was that they only knew how to be selfish for the wrong reasons. Another person might have advised Mairi right now to fight for her love and for the right to keep her husband and the father of her unborn child. But he was not another person. He and Mairi were the same, and it was always all or nothing for them.

"Drake?"

His fists clenched at the trembling in Mairi's voice. "Yeah?" She was one of the nicest and gentlest persons he knew, and it killed him to hear her hurting like this.

"Could you find out where Damen is?" Her eyes were bright with unshed tears, and they matched the determinedly brave smile that curved on her lips. "I just want to know...I just want to see...if he's really with her."

"And if he is?"

She said simply, "Then I have to go." She saw Drake's gaze lower to her belly, and her hand tightened around it, the instinct to protect her child coming to Mairi naturally. "We'll be okay. I don't think it's good for the baby if I stay. If I did, my baby might see me breaking day by day and that's gonna happen if I don't..."

A sob slipped past her lips, her emotions taking over.

"Damen might not know he doesn't love me anymore, but I'll know, and that's what matters. What I feel for him, it's like my key to his heart and he doesn't know it yet, but his heart's changed locks and it's a different key." Her chest heaved and she sobbed. "He's locked me out and I don't think he even knows it."

Chapter Twelve

She said: To wed a Greek billionaire, one must be ready of exes dropping by...all the time.

(Long pause)

He said: Technically, she was not an ex-girlfriend. Rather, she was my ex-fiancee.

She said: And the distinction is a good thing because?

He said: You truly have to ask, sweetheart? She became my fiancee for purely practical reasons. You were my only girlfriend - the only woman I chose with my heart and not my head.

(Long pause)

(Note to Editor: Could you take that out? I think that ended up sounding too sappy.)

(Note to Editor: Willow, I'll be forever in your debt if you keep that line.)

(Editor's Note: We'll keep this. I estimate additional one week on the NYT bestselling list if I use it as a new excerpt for the book.)

"I must confess I had expected you to contact me a lot earlier than this." Damen took the initiative to speak first, mincing no words as he did.

Seated across him, Alina Kokinos was as beautiful and elegant as ever, her every movement graceful and precise as she curled her fingers around the stem of her wineglass to take a sip. Her face was expressionless, but her stiff posture belied her inner tension.

The restaurant they were in was dim and low-key, its tables and chairs, made of varnished pallets and glass, projecting a rustic chic charm. But more importantly than that, its location was obscure and frequented only by town locals, making it the perfect place for Damen to meet the woman he had once used to make Mairi feel worthless. The memory of it still stung, enough to have Damen take a sip of his wine as well.

When he lowered his wine glass, he saw Alina gazing at him. The vulnerability he glimpsed in her eyes had Damen consciously softening his tone as he said, "We can postpone this if you want." Even though it was unlikely for him and Alina to resume the friendship they once had when he was still reeling from Mairi's loss, he would always consider himself indebted to the younger woman. She had been one of the reasons that he had not stopped looking for Mairi, Alina's silent support giving Damen reason to hope that maybe...maybe he was not such an evil man that Mairi would be unable to forgive him.

The gentleness of Damen's tone enabled Alina to smile even as her heart continued to ache at the mere sight of him. He was dressed in another one of his exquisite handmade suits, his hair styled perfectly. The latter was rare for Damen, who she knew had not one vain bone in his body. It prompted her to ask haltingly, "Do you have somewhere important to go to after this?"

Damen's lips curved in a slight smile. "Is it that obvious I took the time to comb my hair?"

Alina's own smile widened, and the world around her seemed to be just a bit more colorful at the sight of Damen's amusement. Oh God, she was so hopelessly in love with him.

If only there was something she could do to make Damen Leventis feel the same about her.

Swallowing back the lump of pain in her throat, Alina said teasingly, "I wasn't even sure you were Damen Leventis when I first saw you."

Damen feigned a grimace. "Ah. That bad then." He watched Alina laugh, the tension gradually leaving her body. An air of fragility surrounded her, and it had him biding his time. He didn't want to accidentally say or do something that could have her walls crumbling down.

When the sound of her laughter faded, Damen took it as his cue to speak and he asked carefully, "Are you still living in Stavros' apartment?"

"No. I'm staying at one of my friends' apartment." She paused. "I don't think I'll ever come back to my father's house. It might be more comfortable there, but it really was like a gilded cage. I like my life better now. I like being able to make my own decisions."

He nodded. "That is how it should be."

An uneasy silence fell between them. Alina placed her hands on her lap so Damen wouldn't see her wringing them. Esther Leventis' words echoed in her brain.

Damen will never listen to me, and I cannot blame him. I have betrayed him too many times. But you, Alina, he trusts you. You must make him see reason. You must make him see the truth about the woman he's married. You must be the one to protect him because no one else can.

"Alina-"

She said in a rush, "I love you."

Damen stilled, the rest of what he had to say obliterated by Alina's unexpected admission.

She gazed at Damen's handsome face searchingly, hoping for a hint of softening. But there was none, his silvery eyes as inscrutable as the rest of his expression. Alina's heart started to crack, but she forced herself to continue, reminding herself that she was doing this for Damen's sake.

"The American with you all the time-"

"Morrison," Damen said, stiffening even more.

She looked him in the eye. "He's Mairi's lover."

Seconds passed before Damen responded, two short words that tore her world apart. "I know."

A cry of anguished surprise burst out from Alina. "And you still took her back?" She shook her head in pained confusion, the crack in her heart getting bigger and bigger as she was confronted with the reality of Damen's love - of how he loved Mairi Tanner so damn much he was willing to turn a blind eye on reality.

"How could you, Damen?" she whispered. "How could you still marry her and...if what the tabloids are saying is true...you've even let that man live with you?"

The unspoken implication of Alina's words slashed into him, but Damen pushed them away. He didn't give a f**k if Alina and the whole world thought he was a fool for allowing Mairi and her ex-lover live under one roof. They would never understand that having Mairi close was the only way for him to keep living.

He said tightly, "What happened between them is firmly in the past-"

"You can't know that for sure-"

"She always sleeps in my bed-"

She cried out, "She doesn't need to be in his bed to betray you! She doesn't need to f**k him to be in love with him!" Tears ravaged her voice as she whispered, "I know because you never had to take me to bed to make me fall in love with you."

As she bent down her head to cry, she heard Damen say, "I'm sorry."

And she knew that there was no way for her to win.

Damen would always love Mairi.

She didn't lift her head when she heard him move, didn't move a muscle even when she sensed Damen's hesitation. He was standing right next to her, and Alina could feel his desire to touch her. She craved that touch, even knowing that it would only be Damen wanting to comfort her and nothing else.

Please. Please touch me.

But in the end, he did not.

"I don't want you to think I do not appreciate your concern. I can't see how you found out about it, but that doesn't matter. I appreciate that you thought I needed the warning about...them..." Damen shoved his hands deep in his pockets. "You're a beautiful person, Alina. Inside and out, and I hope that one day you'll find the man who's deserving of your love. But that man isn't me. I love Mairi. She's the only woman I've ever loved, and I'll always love her...even if I end up losing her to another man."

****

Outside the restaurant, a cab was stationed across the road. The woman seated at the backseat wore a large pair of sunglasses, which effectively concealed her tear-stained gaze as she stared at the couple seated at the back of the restaurant.

A part of her had foolishly hoped that even after all the clues, she would still end up being wrong. But that part of her had died little by little, starting from the moment she had seen Damen walk inside the restaurant and straight to where a beautiful Alina waited for him at one of the tables.

When Damen stood up and acted as if he was about to reach for Alina, Mairi's head whipped away. She didn't think she could survive it if she saw Damen touching another woman. Meeting Drake's gaze through the rearview mirror, she whispered, "I've seen enough."

Instead of telling the cab driver to resume driving, Dark turned his head to study the couple inside the restaurant. Something didn't add up here. If he had to bet his life on it, he would have bet that Damen Leventis was in love with Mairi and would rather kill himself than hurt his wife again.

But if that was the case, why all the secrecy? And why meet Alina Kokinos?

"I've sworn to myself never to interfere between the two of you, Mairi, but don't you think you should ask Leventis about this first?"

Ask Damen?

Oh, how she had always risked asking Damen Leventis, had always been foolish enough to give him the benefit of the doubt.

She remembered the first time she had learned about Alina Kokinos' presence in his life. The memory burned vividly in her mind, pain shredding her heart as she remembered Damen capturing her wrist when she attempted to touch his face. She had asked him what was wrong. She had asked because even though she had a sick feeling in her stomach that something was wrong, she had goddamn asked him because she wanted him to prove her wrong.

Damen? What's wrong?

What exactly do you think we are now, Mairi?

Are you worried about the labels? We don't have to be girlfriend or boyfriend. We can just be...an item.

An item...that will eventually lead to marriage?

Eventually, yes.

But how can that be when I am still engaged to the Kokinos heiress?

Mairi squeezed her eyes shut, but more unwanted memories flooded her mind. She remembered, God how she remembered, the pain still raw, the time she had goddamn asked Damen when he wanted to throw her out of his house.

I won't believe you until I hear it from-

Get out of this house. Is that clear enough for you?

What?

Get out of my f**king house, you gold-digging bitch!

Damen, what are you-

What I am is a f**king fool to think you loved me.

Mairi covered her face with her hands, needing the world to be dark so that no one would see her as she made the choice to be weak.

She had asked Damen.

So many goddamn times.

But this time, she couldn't afford to ask him, knowing if she did, she might not be strong enough to stay strong for her baby.

Chapter Thirteen

She said: To wed a Greek billionaire, one should be ready to live a life filled with poignant tenderness.

He said: Are you referring to the poignantly tender way I f**ked you, matakia mou?

"Wake up, sweetheart. It's time." Damen's low husky voice drew Mairi out of her slumber the next day, and she found a bare-chested Damen lying on his side, looking down at her with a seductively attractive smile playing on his lips. Add to that his sleep-mussed hair, and he looked so sexy and beautiful it literally made her heart twinge.

Damen bent close to cover her lips with his. "Good morning." He inched down to place a kiss on Mairi's silk-covered stomach. "And good morning to you, too, little one."

The tender gesture brought a lump to her throat, and Mairi had to swallow several times before she could be sure her voice wouldn't shake when she spoke. "Good morning."

"You slept early last night..." Damen inched back up, and cupping Mairi's chin to make her face him, he took careful note of her face, searching for any sign of illness or strain.

"I'm fine. I was just...tired. It's the pregnancy, no doubt."

"You slept the whole day yesterday?"

She lied, "Yes."

Damen's jaw clenched. "I see." He knew for a fact that she had not. He had asked the guard deployed at his home and learned that Mairi had left with Morrison just before lunch. He wanted to demand where they had gone, but it was fear and not pride that held him back. He didn't want to ever hear Mairi say she was happier with another man.

She strove for a casual tone when she asked, "How was your day yesterday? I called your office and you weren't there."

"I told you about the meeting, remember?"

"How did it go?"

Damen recalled Willow's presentation. "It went very well."

Mairi felt sick to her stomach at the look in Damen's eyes. "Oh. That's...great."

Damen frowned at the catch in her voice. "Something is wrong."

She shook her head.

"You can lie to me all you want, but I know you, matakia mou. I can feel something is troubling you." A tear slowly trailed down one soft cheek, and with a silent curse, Damen wiped it away. The sight of it was like acid in his system. Was she crying because she could no longer bear being with him? Was her feelings for Morrison starting to overpower...her pity?

"Mairi..."

His ragged voice made more tears fall. Oh God, she wasn't ready for this yet. Please God, please just give me a few more hours. Minutes. Let me just be with him until the end and then I'll let him go.

When Damen started to speak again, she beat him to it by wrapping her arms around his neck and kissing him. It was rare for her to kiss him first, and Mairi couldn't blame Damen for stiffening in reaction. She kissed him more deeply, using every trick in the book that Damen himself had taught her.

"Please," she whispered against his lips. "Please make love-"

With a groan, Damen rolled Mairi on to her back as he settled his weight on top of her. He kissed her deeply, hungrily, Mairi's surprising overture causing his chest to tighten and his c**k to rise fully erect against her belly.

When Mairi sensed Damen trying to gentle his kiss, she felt herself become frantic. She didn't want him to think, fearing that if he did, he would remember he was about to tell her he was no longer imprisoned by his guilt. She just wanted him to feel, and she did everything she could to keep it that way. She rubbed her body against Damen's muscular form, her ni**les brushing against his chest, her sleek folds nestling his cock.

"Mairi." Her name ripped out of his throat in an agonized groan.

Writhing in his arms, Mairi begged, "Take me, please-"

His control snapped. His fingers found the hem of her nightgown and with one yank, he ripped it away from her body.

The sound of her clothes being ripped away was erotic, making Mairi gasp in aroused pleasure.

Damen's lips covered hers once more, his tongue diving into her mouth the same time his c**k slid into her pu**y in one smooth hard push.

Damen groaned as Mairi's snug warmth closed around his engorged cock, the sound mingling with Mairi's cry of pleasure. Incapable of waiting or thinking, he thrust in and out of her, love, passion, and desperation turning him into a rutting animal that only knew two things: the need to f**k, and the need to make his mate f**k him back.

Locking her legs around his waist, Mairi ran her hands down Damen's smooth back. Her fingers dug into his bu**ocks, using it to anchor herself as she lifted her h*ps to meet his every thrust. Every instance of his c**k plunging into her sent Mairi soaring higher and higher, each lunge causing her to feel more and more breathless-

"I need you to come soon, sweetheart," Damen grated out. He could barely hear himself, a sensual stupor having taken over his brain. All he could think of at that moment was f**king Mairi hard until she was sobbing his name.

As if responding to his words, Mairi's inner muscles locked more tightly around his cock. The sensation was pure pleasure, sharpened to the point of pain, and Damen's mind shut down. "Mairi." His fingers found her clitoris, and as his c**k took full control, he squeezed the sensitive pearl of flesh, again and again.

Mairi's world spun out of control at Damen's touch, and she shattered around him with a scream, her cries of pleasure mingling with Damen's more guttural groans as his f**king became wild and raw, his powerful h*ps slamming into her hard in an endless cycle of possession.

"Mine," Damen growled even as his body couldn't get enough of her, couldn't stop conquering her with his c**k over and over. "Mine, always mine."

Tears fell down her cheeks as Mairi wrapped her arms around his neck, hiding her face against his shoulder as she whispered, "Yours." She welcomed his every possession, wanting to be conquered because she knew this was the last time she could be Damen's. More tears fell, fast and furious, like raindrops of a dying storm, and tightening her arms around him, she whispered, "Always yours. Always."

****

At eight in the morning, police officers escorted Yehor Kokinos out of his own office. His hands remained unrestrained out of respect for his age and position, but even so every employee in his company knew what was happening. People always knew what an arrest was when they saw one, with or without the cuffs.

"You're making a mistake," Yehor said between clenched teeth, but the officers flanking his sides did not respond. When they stepped out of his company's fifty-story building, Yehor froze at the top of the stairs.

Standing next to the police car was a tall, dark-haired man Yehor had thought dead for many years.

Obviously, he had thought wrong. And just as obviously, Damen Leventis was the cause of this.

Teeth flashed in a predatory smile, and Yehor swallowed in fear at the sight of it.

"Good morning, Uncle." The voice was cultured but without any trace of accent, power and strength honed in places that would never have names because only the dead were supposed to know about them.

His name was Acheron, and he was the real heir of the Kokinos fortune.

****

At nine in the morning, Esther Leventis walked inside the courtroom, her face expressionless, her back straight, as she claimed the seat next to her solicitor. She was dressed in an expensive white suit, with a rope of pearls around her neck. No one looking at her would have known that Esther was suffocating inside, the feeling of being strangled by an invisible noose never leaving her since her offer of a truce had been rejected by Damen.

Noting the vacant seats where Yehor Kokinos' own legal team were supposed to sit, she turned to her lawyer, asking in a low voice, "Where are the Kokinos?"

"You don't know?" Her lawyer shook his head, a harassed expression on his face. "He's being interrogated by the police. I heard the IMF is also involved. It appears he was not the sole heir when his old man died."

The invisible noose around her neck tightened by a fraction of an inch, and it took Esther a moment before she could speak. "What does that mean for us?"

"It means possible defeat if we cannot convince the judge that our claim against your son is valid. The judge can call for a vote if he considers your claim questionable. Without Yehor Kokinos' presence, you would need the entire board to vote to keep you CEO."

Her frustration subsided at the lawyer's explanation. She was so giddy with relief she even managed a laugh, the sound drawing the attention of the other people inside the courtroom. "Then this whole thing is over before it's even started. If Damen thinks he can defeat me by finding some dirt in Yehor's closet, he doesn't know me very well. I've fired every board member who might side against me in this. Every seat in the board is now under my control."

Her son had to be taught a lesson. After today, she would make sure to take everything from him. Since he was so stupidly in love with the slut, Esther thought vindictively, then let's see if he could survive and exist on love alone.

Chapter Fourteen

She said: To wed a Greek billionaire is to live a life free of doubt.

He said: Are you saying you believe in me completely?

She said: Oh yes!

He said: Do you believe me when I tell you I am going to have you na**d and moaning my name in ten seconds?

(Editor's Note: It was actually just seven. I can run fast if I have to.)

A pair of oversized aviator glasses became Mairi's shield as she placed her hand in Damen's and allowed him to help her out of the car. Mairi had been okay with taking a cab, but Damen had insisted they use the car Stavros had loaned to them. He did not want to risk having his pregnant wife stranded if ever any kind of tussle erupted at the courtroom.

Knowing that every little thing mattered in today's battle, Mairi had made sure that she dressed strategically for the occasion. Her dress, with its high neckline, three-fourth sleeves, and slightly loose fit ensured that she was the picture of propriety. She did not want anyone in the court to ever remember that she had once been branded as the most infamous mistress in Europe, a modern-day Mata Hari who had ensnared every Greek billionaire in the globe.

"Your hand's too cold," Damen noted tightly with a frown.

"It's because I'm nervous, not dying," she murmured under her breath as they went past the revolving doors, preceded by Drake's intimidating-looking security team while the ex-sniper walked a few steps behind them.

When they reached the courtroom assigned to their hearing, Damen slowed to a stop before the doors.

She looked up at Damen, confused. "What is it?"

"Tell me you believe me."

She didn't hesitate. "I do."

He inhaled deeply, the words giving him more strength than he expected. "I promise you, I'll fight for our future, sweetheart. I'll do everything I can to take back our child's legacy." He stopped, and as the silence lengthened between them, Damen realized that he wanted to hear Mairi say that she wouldn't leave him...no matter what.

Words so foolish she couldn't bear to think of them tried to rush out of her throat, but Mairi determinedly forced them down. She wanted so badly to touch Damen's face, to tell him that she would be his strength, his shield, his everything. But she could no longer be that. She now had her baby to think of, and it was for their baby's sake that she had to kill this love for him once and for all.

"I believe in you, Damen." The whispered words were all she could afford. They were the truth, too, even if it also meant she was weak and silly. Stupid Mairi, never ever learning, never ever losing her faith in Damen no matter how many times he had hurt her.

Even if the absence of love in her words made Damen feel physically sick, he clung to the hope that came with Mairi's avowal of trust. Something, he reminded himself doggedly, was always better than nothing. Something meant he could hope that one day Mairi would not need Drake Morrison to stop Damen from ever reaching her heart.

Damen opened the door and waited for Mairi to follow him.

"Damen?"

He turned.

"Do you trust me, too?"

His answer was unequivocal. "With my life."

A tremulous smile formed on her lips. "Then will you trust me when I tell you that there's something I have to do out here? I won't be of much help for you inside, but here..."

Damen's gaze flew to the swarm of reporters and photographers behind Mairi. "The media?"

She shook her head. "No. Not them exactly. I've thought about this for a long time, Damen. I know the day that all your peers will accept me may never come. I thought I should change myself to make it happen, but that's just going to make things worse. I want to help you, Damen, while still being myself." Mairi stopped with bated breath, wondering what Damen would have to say after her spontaneous speech. When no words appeared forthcoming, Mairi forced herself to meet her husband's gaze.

When she did, that was when he spoke. "I've learned my lesson, Mairi. I'm no longer afraid, I'm no longer a coward. Nothing I do in this lifetime will make me worthy of having you as my wife, but I'll do everything I can to make me deserving you anyway." His lips twisted. "If I wasn't so selfish, I'd tell you to aim higher. You don't deserve a billionaire, matakia mou. You deserve a trillionaire."

Rough sincerity underlined each word, every syllable that fell from his lips heard by the crowd because Damen had made no effort to keep his voice from being heard.

Laughter and applause erupted from the crowd at Damen's sardonic humor, and she smiled even as she blinked furiously to keep herself from shedding tears. Coming from the man who had once said that she was not a real lady - the same man who had once accused her of being a gold digger - those words were the ultimate apology.

Knowing Damen would need to see her strong and smiling before he entered the courtroom, Mairi smiled. Smiling as widely as she could, to the point that her lips felt stretched beyond the breaking point, she said gravely, "Trillionaires are too poor for me now. Personally, I'd aim for a bazillionaire." She pointed to the doors behind Damen. "So if you want to keep me as your super beautiful and sexy wife, go win this case and add fifty zeroes to your bank balance."

The smile he gave her was full of arrogance. It was Damen Leventis, the Greek billionaire at his finest, and she could have wept at the sight of it.

He turned around, and just when she thought he'd be entering the courtroom without another word, he said over his shoulder, "Fifty, matakia mou? You truly wound me. A hundred would be more like it if you believe in me."

The doors closed behind him, the sound of Mairi's choked laughter a treasure he tucked away in his memory like a lucky charm.

Outside the courtroom, Drake stepped close to Mairi. "What do you plan to do now?"

"I'm going to talk to the press."

Drake raised a brow. "I thought your plan had nothing to do with the media."

"It doesn't. But I need them to reach the people I really want to talk to. I may not ever have the power to win the support of Damen's peers the way someone like Alina Kokinos can," Mairi conceded painfully, "But there are other people involved in this case, and those are my people."

****

"Thank you for all your help, Stavros," Damen said as he shook hands with the other man, who occupied the first row bench behind Damen's all on his own with the exception of one bodyguard seated at each end. The men were dressed completely in black, and the forbidding expressions on their faces were enough to prevent anyone from sitting next to their employer.

Stavros waited for Damen to take the seat between his lawyers before leaning forward to speak. "Congratulations on the Kokinos takedown."

"It wasn't me at all, to be honest. It was all Morrison's work."

After a beat, Stavros asked, "Restitution after what he did to you?"

"After what he did to Mairi."

With Damen facing the crowd, he was able to spot Willow the moment she entered the courtroom. He gestured for her to come forward, and as expected, the young woman did not appear cowed in any way at the sight of Stavros' bodyguards as she muttered "excuse me" absently before plopping down next to Stavros.

"Give me a really good show please," Willow said right away, her gaze fixed on Damen and appearing not to notice the sophisticated and extremely handsome man seated next to her.

Damen said solemnly, "I'll do my best." He turned to Stavros, whose face was, also as expected, inscrutable. "Stavros, I'd like you to meet my editor, Willow Somerset. Willow, this is my good friend Stavros Manolis."

Willow gaped, no doubt having recognized the name from his manuscript.

Stavros only lifted one elegant brow, his tone mild as he asked, "Editor?"

Damen only smiled. "You'll know tonight what it's for." And then there was no time to talk, with the hearing officially starting.

Esther's legal team sprung no surprise of any kind as they presented the same set of evidence to the judge. It was disappointing, if Damen were to be honest, because like Willow, he had hoped the hearing would be explosive. He had prepared for this battle with laser focus, but he was not the kind of man who took pleasure in crushing an enemy that was so obviously weaker it was pathetic.

When it was his lawyers' turn to present, Damen didn't bother looking at his mother. He might only be moved to pity, and that he did not want to feel.

"How did you get the secretary from accounting to talk?" Stavros, who was leaning on the barrier separating the spectators from the defense's desk, asked under his breath.

"That, on the other hand, is the work of Mairi's aunts. They told me I was better off not asking how, and so I didn't."

"Everything seems to be handed to you on a silver platter with this case," Stavros commented half-jokingly.

Damen inclined his head in acknowledgment. "I didn't want to take any chances though. The hundred mil I borrowed from you and Sallis..." He took out his iPhone from his pocket and clicked on the app showing his stock portfolio.

When Stavros saw what was on the screen of Damen's phone, he shook his head in stunned amazement. "You took a risk on those stocks? You must have been f**king crazy."

"It was a calculated move."

"Everyone knows that those stocks were a wildcard-"

"Because of its previous owner."

The meaning behind Damen's words sunk in, and Stavros looked at his friend with renewed respect. "You bought the company and turned it around yourself. And now, you're a billionaire, which means even if you lose this case, it wouldn't matter." He gestured to the courtroom. "Why all this if the outcome didn't matter anymore?"

"The company only went public this morning."

"Does Mairi know you're a billionaire again?"

Damen shook his head. "No." He had not told his wife he was a billionaire once more because everything had changed. If being a billionaire had allowed Damen and Mairi to meet, it was the opposite now. Being a billionaire meant she would no longer need to pity him. It meant freeing her, and Damen wanted to avoid that at all cost.

The judge came to a decision in just three hours, the outcome neither what Esther nor Damen expected. "Although we can now rule the evidence presenting Damen Leventis as incapable of exercising his responsibility as head of the company invalid, the evidence presenting Esther Leventis as similarly capable is insufficient."

The judge paused, looking at the defendant and plaintiff. Seeing their unbending expressions, he sighed and continued, "Of course, I also see the impossibility of mother and son jointly managing the company. It is an unfortunate pity, but their personal relationship is outside my jurisdiction. What I can ensure, however, is the future of Leventis, which we all know can affect the thousands of individuals it employs. As such, with the additional powers duly vested in me by both sides, I have decided that sole ownership and management of the company be determined by way of voting."

Esther started breathing again at the judge's last words.

"When I say voting, I do not mean that only members of the board would be considered. In this case, every shareholder and employee will be considered as well." The judge lifted his gavel and banged it down on his table. "Case dismissed."

****

Chaos erupted in the courtroom, and Damen and his team were showered with congratulatory messages. Esther Leventis' furious shrieks at her attorneys tempted Damen to look her way, but he forced himself not to. He was not done with her yet, but now was not the right time to make her fully realize the consequences of her actions.

When he finally managed to step out of the courtroom, he immediately searched for his wife, but he could only find Drake. "Where is Mairi?"

Instead of answering, Drake asked, "You won?"

Damen briefly explained the judge's decision.

"Your mother's in control of the board, which means you need the support of the rest - the employees and stockholders - to vote for you." He paused. "A tall order, with how Esther has portrayed you to the media."

Damen was about to tell the other man he did not need any kind of support considering his newfound wealth, but Drake was speaking again.

"You have nothing to worry about in that score." Drake gestured towards the crowd that had formed at the other end of the hallway. "Mairi's been campaigning for you the entire morning."

Damen shook his head, bemused. "Excuse me?"

"Go see for yourself."

Slowly, he walked towards the crowd. The nearer he got, the louder and faster his heart beat because Mairi's voice was becoming clearer and clearer. Another few steps and he was close enough to see his wife surrounded by the press, a bunch of cellphones and portable microphones pressed towards her.

"I know you may think you have no stake in this, but you do. I know many of you may think this is simply a power struggle between two wealthy individuals, but it's not. My husband isn't working hard to reclaim his position as head of Leventis only for himself. He's also doing it to have the power to help those unnecessarily and unfairly affected by his dispute with your current CEO."

"Damen cares about you - his employees. People who don't know him may think he's ruthless. That he's irresponsible. But if you have worked for my husband, you should know the truth. My husband is a good man, a fair employer, and he takes his obligation towards his people seriously. I know that many of you are being paid less than what Damen himself has promised because of the new internal policies in the company. Those changes are some of the reasons why Damen wants to be back in Leventis. He's fighting for you, and I know, if we support him, we can help him and make our choice matter in this battle."

The smile that touched Mairi's lips after her speech took his breath away, and what she said next nearly knocked him sideways.

"I know how most people see me. I understand why people see me that way, and it's really okay." She bit her lip for a moment as she struggled to keep herself composed. "But what's not okay is for your judgment of Damen Leventis to be clouded by your judgment of me. Damen Leventis is - was - and will always be the best thing to happen to your company. Don't allow people motivated by their self-interest to take Damen away from you."

When she paused, Damen was no longer able to keep still, no longer able to bear the distance separating him and his wife. Her impassioned words humbled him, and even when he had successfully pushed his way to the front of the crowd, Damen still couldn't think of what to say.

Mairi froze at the unexpected sight of Damen standing before him. How long had he been there? Had he heard every embarrassing word of her testimony? She watched with wide eyes as he reached for her, and she bit her lip hard when he cupped her face with a tenderness that nearly bordered on reverence.

"Y-you won?"

His lips curved at the question, the words another subtle proof of her complete faith in him. "No." When she looked shattered, Damen continued gravely, "Nothing I did inside made me win. It was here - what you did that will win me the case." Gently wiping the stray tear that had leaked out one corner of her eye, he said hoarsely, "The judge decided to subject the company's future ownership and management to a vote. He wants every vote tallied, not just the board members, but every shareholder and employee as well."

Mairi started to cry, relief nearly sending her to her knees as she understood what her husband was saying.

"After your speech, sweetheart, who do you think would win?"

She sobbed, "Me."

He laughed even as he pulled her close for a kiss, unable to wait for them to get to somewhere private. "I love you, my precious."

She whispered back, "I love you, dreamboat." More laughter mingled with their kiss as she spoke the words. Three words that were Mairi's gift to herself because she wanted her last memory to be of Damen Leventis smiling. She would treasure this look of his forever.

And then his phone rang.

Mairi didn't lose her smile, didn't even feel the need to cry when Damen pulled away at the sound of it. It was fitting, after what she had decided.

Before answering Willow's call, Damen told Mairi, "I have to take this call. I...need to talk to my attorneys, too. Is it okay if you go home first?"

"Sure." She meant it. She no longer had any right to mind what Damen chose to do.

"Wait for me there?"

"Of course." But this time, she lied.

Chapter Fifteen

She said: To wed a Greek billionaire, one must be very good at keeping what she's caught.

He said: You make me sound like a damn fish.

She said: But a very gorgeous fish.

He said: Still a damn fish.

Proof of Mairi's dejection was how she appeared unaware of the fact that it was taking the driver at least thirty minutes longer than he should to drive them home. When the driver became aware of the contemplative look Drake was subjecting him to, his fingers tightened nervously around the steering wheel.

"I thought we should take another route to avoid traffic," the driver said lamely.

After a beat, Drake answered mildly, "As long as you have no plans to kill us, I don't mind what route you take."

The driver gulped. "No, sir."

"Because if you have, now is the time to change your mind. It will not end well for you if you don't."

"I swear, sir. I just...need to take this way on the way to Mr. Leventis' home."

Drake nodded. "Just so we are clear."

When they reached Damen Leventis' home, Drake noted several things were amiss. The silence enveloping the home was unnatural. Not dangerous, but...questionable. As he slowly got out of the car, Drake made a subtle gesture with his fingers, a secret signal for his men, all of them working incognito, to inspect the property for threats. He was probably being paranoid, but playing it safe was always better than being careless.

Upon entering the house, Mairi turned to him, a drawn look on her face. "Can you wait for me here? There's something I need to get from my room."

"I'll go with you."

Mairi frowned. "You don't have to."

"I prefer to." Rather, it was necessary because the house felt too empty and dark.

Shrugging, Mairi said, "Okay. Just wait for me in the hallway then."

When Mairi entered the bedroom she shared with Damen, Drake moved to one end of the hallway and checked the front yard. Nothing except for the other car Stavros Manolis had lent to Damen, which was parked a good distance away from the house. Why would the man park so far from his own home?

Taking out his gun, he moved towards the other end, his steps silent as ever. This time, he peered through the windows facing the pool, and that was when he saw it. Slowly, the tension left his body, and Drake allowed himself to grimace.

Maybe he really was getting too paranoid. He should take a vacation after his job with Mairi Tanner-Leventis was over. Turning around when he heard Mairi's door creak open, Drake was astonished to find Mairi clutching her suitcase in her hands.

"Let's go?"

He asked carefully, "Where to?"

"America."

"Without Leventis? You are leaving your husband?"

Mairi's smile didn't reach her eyes. "He was never really with me."

Drake didn't move, torn between indecision. If he stuck with his promise not to interfere, then he could have Mairi out of the house and the country in under an hour. He could help her disappear if she wanted to.

But was that really how he was supposed to make it up to Mairi?

Goddammit, playing matchmaker was too f**king complicated.

"Drake?"

If it had been Paige...if Paige was here, what would she have asked him to do?

Put it like that, and the answer was obvious. Fuck not interfering, Drake thought. Sometimes, life made people blind and idiotic, and it was up to people like him to temporarily take control.

"We'll take the back exit out of the house. It will be less conspicuous that way."

Mairi nodded, seeing the logic in his words. She wanted to tell him thank you, but she was overwhelmingly tired and just the thought of having to speak wearied her as well. She followed Drake mechanically, a part of her only faintly curious at how every room they passed had the lights switched off.

Drake opened the back door for her, and Mairi, head still lowered, managed to mumble her thanks as she walked out of Damen's house - and his life.

"Surprise!"

Huge powerful beams of light exploded from every corner as Mairi's head jerked up in shock at the joyous shouts.

The noise died down as all the lights swiveled towards her. It should have worked like a limelight, but with her eyes wild with panic and her fingers gripping the handle of her luggage tightly, it made Mairi appear like an escaping felon caught by prison lights.

Her luggage fell from her fingers. Still in shock, she shakily lifted her hand to shield her gaze from the light. Her breath caught. Oh God, everyone was here.

Reporters, scores and scores of them.

Mandy and Velvet and Mykolas...

Stavros and Ioniko...

Diana and the rest of her class...

Even her aunts, Norah and Vilma, were here...

And at the center of it all was Damen, his face white with pain.

Oh God, she hadn't wanted it to be like this.

Knowing that it might have looked like she was eloping with Drake, Mairi choked out, "Damen, I-"

Damen shook his head. The pain was too much, and it took every bit of his strength to get past it. Every step he took to close the distance between him and Mairi was like trying to carry a f**king mountain, and when he was finally close enough to touch her, Damen said tonelessly, "Surprise...but I guess the surprise is on me."

"Oh God, Damen." She couldn't think of anything else to say, a piece of Mairi's heart turning brittle at the sight of Damen's taut form before falling into oblivion. "I'm so, so sorry." She shook her head, whispering, "I'm so sorry. I didn't know. I'm sorry."

"Then..." He looked at her, knowing that by doing so, he was also exposing his every weakness to the world. "Don't leave." He spoke the words, even knowing that every bit of it would likely be recorded and broadcasted since he had practically invited the whole damn country to today's party.

Mairi stepped back from the words, unable to believe that Damen was asking her to stay even if he and everyone were probably thinking she was about to leave him for another man.

Damen's control nearly broke at the effort not to reach for her, and he had to clench his fists against his sides so he wouldn't be tempted to haul her towards him and stop Mairi from getting closer to Drake.

The stark pain etched on his face had Mairi covering her lips to keep the sobs at bay. "I'm so sorry." No other words were safe for her to say.

"Then stay," Damen repeated. He no longer had any f**king pride left. Whatever he had to do to keep her from leaving him for Morrison, he would do.

She shook her head. "I can't pretend anymore."

Damen turned ashen. "I'll find a way to make it easier for you to pretend until...until you forget you're pretending."

But Mairi only kept shaking her head. "I have to let you go-"

Damen rasped out, "I don't want you to let me go-"

She cried out, "I have to!" Mairi's gaze jerked towards him. "I'm not as weak as you think I am. I can survive without you, so you can stop feeling guilty, okay? I'm going to be fine." She pressed a shaky hand to her tummy. "My baby and I will be fine. I'm going to be strong again-"

"But I can't." Damen captured Mairi's wrist when she tried to leave. He spun her around, forcing her to look at him. "Do you understand, Mairi?" he demanded, his voice made savage by the despair gnawing at him. "I'm the one who's weak. I'm weak without you. I'm without hope, and I'm blind, deaf, dumb without you. So goddammit, take pity on me again." His voice broke. "Please, take f**king pity on me and stay-"

"I can't." Mairi wept hard at the way Damen was begging, every word causing more pieces of her heart to turn brittle. "I'm not the one you need-"

"You are. You are, Mairi. The only thing I need." Damen pressed something in her hands. "Read this, matakia mou. If you could just read this, maybe you'd understand..." Never had it felt harder to speak, the pain in his chest becoming more agonizing with every second that passed and Mairi's desire to leave him didn't seem to falter at all.

"Please." The whispered word was the best he could do, the pain and fear of losing Mairi crippling. "Please...it's all there. Please."

Slowly, Mairi looked down at what Damen had given to her.

A book.

Fingers trembling, she flipped it around to see the cover, and another choked sob rushed out of her throat as she saw the title.

The Art of Catching a Greek Billionaire.

Oh God, oh God, oh God.

Slowly, she opened the book.

This is dedicated to my wife, a woman I was blessed to have found me.

She caught me all right, but in truth I couldn't slow down enough for her to catch me.

"I don't understand," Mairi whispered.

Damen's hands closed around hers. "Catch me. Keep me. Make me your Greek billionaire forever." He started speaking fast. "The outcome of the voting? It doesn't really matter. I borrowed money from Sallis and Manolis, and I used it to buy a company that I turned around on my own."

Around them, the sound of gasps, murmurs, and fingers tapping on phone screens rose, everyone itching to find out what company Damen was talking about.

Damen's tone became urgent when Mairi still didn't speak, only continuing to cry silently. "Do you understand what I'm saying, sweetheart?" He laid out all his cards on the table, uncaring that it made him appear like he was desperate to be caught. Why the f**k would he care when it was the truth?

He tipped Mairi's chin up. "I'm a billionaire again, Mairi." His voice was raw. "So please...please. Catch me again and never let me go."

But when no word passed from Mairi's lips, Damen knew then that he had lost.

He knew it, but he still tried anyway because having her was the only reason he existed, and he knew that now. He would never forget it again. "Please..." Fear had him choking off, but he forced himself to continue. "I'm begging you...please."

Mairi clapped her hands over her mouth, trying her best to keep more sobs from coming out. The urge to give in was overwhelming, but she struggled to resist it.

The pain etched on Damen's face forced her to close her eyes. Why was he trying so hard to keep her? Why couldn't he just forget about his honor and be with Alina?

She lowered one hand to her stomach, her way of letting her baby know when Mairi was talking to him or her. You understand I'm doing this for you, don't you, little one? I don't want you to grow up seeing your mother so weak and your father-

Her head shot up, her stricken gaze flying to Damen.

Damen's affinity and empathy for children was one of his little-known traits, something she knew he had developed from having been raised by two self-absorbed parents. It was why he was overly protective with Diana, why he strove to be his sister's surrogate parent. He hadn't wanted the young girl to feel the same emptiness that had marked his childhood.

Damen would never be the type to give up his child. When it came to children, to innocents depending on him like Diana, Damen would stop at nothing to protect them, his honor, his reputation be damned.

So why wasn't he stopping her from leaving him, knowing it meant Mairi would be taking their baby away from him? Why was he allowing her to do what would hurt him most terribly?

Dimly, Damen heard women in the background crying, and he knew it was probably because he was that pathetic. He didn't give a shit. His eyes never leaving Mairi, he said hoarsely, "You don't have to come back right away. Just...stay. Let me show you I'm a..." The ache to hold Mairi and keep her from leaving had Damen stumbling all over his words.

Mairi held her breath, waiting for him to talk about their baby, to have him throw her selfishness in her face for choosing to raise her child without two parents.

Damen's nerves were stretched so taut he had a feeling he would collapse the moment Mairi turned her back on him. But he continued stubbornly because the alternative was far bleaker. "I won't force you to see me or talk to me. Just let me...just give me time to prove to you I can be a great catch again."

Mairi whispered past dry lips, "Why...aren't you saying anything about me taking our baby away from you?"

Damen stilled.

"Why, Damen?"

Damen didn't answer.

And that was when she knew.

If he had spoken, she might not have believed him. Words came so cheap, and the pain of his betrayal was so great that she had a feeling no words could ever make her believe him again.

If he had told her now he had not been cheating on her with Alina, she wouldn't have believed him. Even if he had Alina say the same thing, even if he threatened to kill himself if she didn't believe him, she would still think he was lying.

But this...

Damen, not telling her what they both knew because he didn't want her to feel guilty.

Damen, not saying anything about his ability to fight for custody because he knew if he did manage to take their baby away from Mairi, it would kill her.

And so he had chosen to kill himself instead.

He had chosen to risk making his child think of him as the one thing he despised the most, and that was an uncaring parent like Esther Leventis.

For her.

Because he really loved Mairi.

"Just catch me one more time, and I won't ever give you a reason to regret it. Just please make me yours-"

Mairi threw herself at him.

Damen's arms wrapped around her waist instinctively the same time Mairi's arms curled around his neck.

So many questions flashed through her mind, but she pushed them away. There was time to have them answered later. Her faith in Damen Leventis was restored, the love she had tried so hard to quell bursting out of her heart like an unstoppable flow.

Closing her eyes, she hugged Damen tightly, whispering, "Caught."

For a moment, Damen was frozen, unable to believe that Mairi was giving him another chance. But when she stayed in his arms, never making any move to go, relief exploded inside him, and his hand shook as he stroked her hair. His voice ragged, he asked, "How long?"

Mairi's fingers curled against his nape tensely. She knew that when she said the words, she would be taking the biggest risk of her life - and of her child's.

If she was smart, she would leave Damen Leventis and lead a quiet life alone.

But she didn't want to be smart.

She wanted to take a risk like Damen did.

And so she whispered, "For as long as you love me-"

The rest of her words was smothered in his kiss.

"Then consider me caught forever, Mrs. Leventis," Damen muttered before ravaging his wife's lips. "There's nothing in this life that will make me stop loving you."

Chapter Sixteen

She said: To wed a Greek billionaire, one shall be ready for involvement with innovative experiments.

He said: You mean kinky.

She said: You said that, not me.

He said: No more innovative experiments for you if you do not say the K-word.

She said: K...I can't say it. But I'm thinking it and it's the thought that counts, right?

Hours later, Mandy and Velvet crowded around her, each of them holding copies of Damen's book. "Pleeeeaaaase sign our copies, Mrs. Leventis," Velvet begged in an exaggeratedly loud voice as she fluttered her lashes.

"Shut up," Mairi said laughingly.

Mandy forced her friend to take her copy. "Sign it."

Velvet handed Mairi a pen. "And don't forget to sign it with A Greek Billionaire's Wife."

She shook her head, trying to be strong. "No."

Her friends looked at her. "You know you want to," Velvet said slyly.

"No." She was a respectable missus now.

They still just looked at her, their gazes ever knowing.

Oh, what the heck!

Velvet and Mandy burst into laughter as they watched Mairi sign their copies with her four most favorite words. When she returned the copies to her friends, she saw them looking at her with expectant expressions.

Mairi blinked. "What?"

Mandy grinned. "Go on, say it."

Oh, how well they knew her.

And how terribly lucky she was that they had never abandoned her.

Tears stinging her eyes, Mairi said, "Yay me!" She threw her arms around them. "Group hug!"

"Ewww," Velvet automatically protested, always the one uncomfortable with emotional displays.

"Oh, hush. You should be used to PDA by now after what you've been doing with your own Greek billionaire."

Mandy said promptly, "I'm not married to a Greek billionaire, so you can let go of me anytime." The ever practical sort, Mandy also saw no valid reason why affectionate displays should be made in public.

Grinning, Mairi hugged her friends more tightly. "Yay me!"

Mandy and Velvet groaned. "We've created a monster."

This made Mairi laugh out loud, the sound drawing the attention of her husband who stood a few feet away, surrounded by his own circle of acquaintances. She sensed the very moment Damen looked at her, and when their gazes met, a devastatingly sexy smile curved on his lips.

Come here.

Mairi let go of her friends. "Excuse me. My Greek billionaire husband is calling me."

Mandy smacked her forehead. "This is your fault, Velvet. Now she's going to call Damen that forever."

Mairi didn't mind her friend's words. She was mentally floating as she made her way to Damen. Yay me, yay me, yay me!

Damen captured her by the waist as he pulled her to his side. "I love you."

Mairi melted. "I love you more, my Greek billionaire husband."

Behind her, Velvet and Mandy groaned loudly, having heard perfectly what Mairi had said with such gushing happiness.

Mykolas' lips twitched. "I believe I have to rescue my wife and her friend." Velvet and Mandy were making slow slashing motions against their necks.

When Mykolas left the group, Damen motioned for Mairi to face him, and that was when she saw the unfamiliar-looking man standing next to her husband. "Mairi, I'd like you to meet Acheron. He is Yehor Kokinos' nephew and the true heir of the family."

The introduction had Mairi blinking, but she automatically offered her hand and blushed when instead of shaking it, the man bent down and kissed her fingers.

Damen swiftly snatched his wife's hand away from the other man's grasp. "Dammit, Acheron. I don't want to be kicking your ass on the first day we meet."

Acheron didn't appear worried at all by the threat. There was something uncivilized and lethal about him, Mairi thought curiously. He was a Greek billionaire like the rest of the men around him were, but he was also a man apart - a man who hadn't grown up with a silver spoon in his mouth.

"You should thank your lucky stars that I had not met your lovely wife first. If I had..." Acheron's voice trailed off, allowing his seductive smile to finish the rest of his sentence.

Despite knowing that the other man was only saying such things because he wanted to irritate Damen, Mairi blushed at the look Acheron gave her.

"Leventis is fortunate," Ioniko agreed. "I had always thought he was unbelievably lucky to have talked to Mairi first when both of us went to GAYL."

For some reason, the memory of meeting Ioniko the first time made her blush, too. Or maybe it was because of the na**d admiration in the Greek billionaire's eyes as he, too, smiled at her.

"I think the same," Stavros murmured in that quiet, calm way of his. "It's Leventis' infinite luck that I had not found Mairi's whereabouts-"

"Lucky or not, none of that matters now," Damen snapped, irritated at the way the other men dared to flirt with his wife. Pulling Mairi towards him possessively, he stated in clear concise terms, "Mairi is mine." After a beat, he added generously, "But you are all welcome to form a club of course."

Mairi blinked in confusion. "A club?"

He grinned down at her before lifting his wine glass in the air. "I propose a toast, gentlemen." When the other men had lifted their glasses, Damen said, "To the men who were and might have been dumped by Mairi."

The men laughed even as Mairi wailed in embarrassment. "Damen!"

The party ended at a riotous note, with most of the guests blissfully tipsy as they trooped out of Damen's house at five in the morning.

When Damen caught sight of Mairi yawning for the second time in five minutes, he muttered, "That's it." Without a word of warning, he swung her up in his arms and took the stairs.

"But there are still guests," Mairi protested.

"The babysitter can handle it."

A drowsy giggle escaped her even as she snuggled against the inviting warmth of Damen's chest. "Stop calling Drake that."

"It's what his future job will be if he doesn't leave."

Inside their bedroom, Damen nimbly took off her clothes and tucked her under the covers before he shrugged out of his. When he joined her in bed, Mairi automatically rolled herself towards him.

Damen kissed his wife, the urge to do so becoming only stronger since Mairi had "caught" him. When he lifted his head, he waited for Mairi's gaze to meet his before whispering, "I love you, sweetheart."

She swallowed. "I love you, too..."

The hint of despair in her eyes made him ask quietly, "What's troubling you?"

Mairi took a deep breath, knowing there was no better time to talk about what had hurt her the most. They had been blessed with another chance to start fresh, and this time she wanted no secrets between them, not even if the truth hurt.

She whispered, "Alina?"

Damen frowned. "What about her?"

"Will you...will you ever talk to her again?"

His eyes narrowed, and what he saw on Mairi's face made him curse silently. "You knew I met with her yesterday, didn't you?" He didn't give her time to answer, guilt for once again unintentionally causing Mairi pain making him press his lips to her forehead in a remorseful kiss. "I'm so damn sorry if it made you doubt me, sweetheart, but I swear it was that one time-"

She tensed against him. "Don't lie to me, Damen-"

"I'm not."

"But what about all those calls you took that you never wanted me to hear-"

Again, Damen groaned, his lips brushing against hers in a silent apology. "It was Willow. My editor. I've been talking to her for months about the book. She ghostwrote it for me." He grabbed her hand, pressing it to his heart. "Feel it. I'm not lying. I'll never lie to you again," he said fiercely. "Tomorrow, we'll go to Willow's office. We'll watch the CCTV footage so you'll see the number of times I've been there. I'll get phone records to show-"

Mairi pressed one trembling finger against his lips. "I...believe you." Her voice caught. "But I didn't know then...you were so good," she said in a tear-choked laugh, "at keeping your surprise that when I saw you talking on the phone and it was obvious you did not want me to hear you, I thought you were talking to Alina all those times. I thought you had fallen in love with her but couldn't make yourself leave me because of...the past."

"Nothing's ever happened between us, Mairi," Damen gritted out vehemently. "I swear it."

"Even...before? Even when I was with Drake?"

His jaw clenched, any mention of the time Mairi had spent with the other man killing him. But that would always be his penance, his cross to bear, and Damen strove to keep his tone level as he answered, "Never. There was no other woman for me the moment I had my engagement ring on your finger."

Mairi hesitated.

The unspoken questions lurking in her eyes made Damen prod softly, "What is it? You can say anything. Ask anything. I have nothing to hide-"

She took a deep breath. "Alina...met me at the airport when...when I came back to Miami. She told me that when we were apart, she and you-"

A sick look crossed his face as Damen realized what Mairi was implying. "Never," he said flatly. "I don't understand why she would lie about such a thing, but I never ever touched her. I swear it on my life, Mairi."

Her chest eased. "I believe you."

The disappearance of doubt in Mairi's eyes had his own chest easing as well. But still he said, "We'll go to Willow's office tomorrow anyway. I'll never give you any reason to doubt me again."

A tremulous smile was his answer, and then Mairi was taking his hand and pressing it to her heart. "That's good...because I want to promise the same." Tightening her hold on his hand, she said unevenly, "I want to talk about Drake."

Damen stiffened. "There isn't any need-"

Praying he wouldn't hate her, Mairi said, "I lied."

Damen wanted to close his eyes. If he ever saw a lingering affection in Mairi's eyes when she talked about the other man, he didn't know what he would do. Let her go? Kill the other man?

"Look at me-"

Damen rolled her on top of him and pressed her head to his chest to keep his gaze over hers resolutely. "Don't push me, Mairi."

She tried to lift her head. "Damen-"

Jealousy had him snarling, "No." He tried to keep his voice level because he knew what had happened wasn't Mairi's fault. It wasn't even Morrison's fault. It was all his. He f**king knew that, but it didn't mean he could bear having the knowledge shoved at him like a stick in his ass all the time.

Still, his wife persisted, as if she didn't think he had paid enough for his sins. When she tried to raise her head again, he let her this time. If Mairi thought he needed to die all over again by making him listen to every single f**king detail about the time she had spent in another man's goddamned arms-

So be it.

Because he loved her.

The hard look on Damen's face made her heart ache painfully. If she had ever needed proof of how much Damen truly loved her, then it was that look.

And she wanted to cry because it was also proof that her long-ago dream of finding her own Greek billionaire to love and be loved by him had really come true.

Lifting herself up, her elbows on his chest, she repeated, "I lied."

He forced himself to ask. "About what?"

"I can't...I can't deny that we've been intimate, but he never...we never did it." She bit her lip, shame engulfing her. "I wasn't even thinking of hurting you when it happened. I just wanted to give myself a reason not to come back to you. I wanted to prove to myself that I was no longer...yours." Her head dipped after her confession, a part of her fearing Damen's reaction. Hearing herself say the words made Mairi realize how wrong she had been. How that shouldn't have ever happened-

"Did it work?"

Her head snapped up, and she wasn't sure if she had heard him correctly. "W-what did you say?"

Damen said between clenched teeth, "Did it work?" He knew he had no right to ask it, knew he was probably setting himself up for more pain, but he couldn't help it. He had to f**king know. "Did it make you feel you were...his?"

She shook her head. "No," she whispered. "Even Drake knew that...all the time it happened, my heart wanted it to be you-"

Love had him hauling her up so he could kiss her, Mairi's words beyond everything he had hoped...or deserved. Even when she had been at her lowest, even when Damen had been at his cruelest, Mairi had still been unable to stop herself from loving him.

Damen cut the kiss so he could look into his wife's eyes and she could look into his as he said, "Even if you had, it wouldn't have made a difference."

Mairi started to cry again.

"I would still beg and fight for you to be mine."

She pressed her lips to his even as she sobbed, "Thank you." Their lips brushed against each other, their tongues dancing. When she pulled away to look down at him, she couldn't stop herself from crying again. "Thank you for loving me." She lifted her eyes to him, wanting Damen to see every emotion swirling inside her. "And thank you so much for the book."

"I'd write a new one every year if that's the way to keep you with me." Damen was only half-joking.

A teasing smile flashed on her lips. "Before that can happen, I think I'll need to go through this one first. There may be untruths in it. Or inaccuracies."

Damen deadpanned, "There is something missing in it."

"There is?" Mairi blurted out in surprise. She had skimmed the book, and everything had seemed perfect. "Like what?"

Instead of answering, Damen gently pried himself away from her, and she watched in confusion as Damen twisted to his side so he could reach for something inside the bedside drawer. When he turned back around to her, Mairi's jaw dropped.

Damen was holding a vibrator.

"Ummm..." She had totally no idea where he was going here.

"The book lacks sex," Damen explained ever so innocently. "And you must agree that sex is one of the best ways to catch a Greek billionaire, ne?"

"Umm..."

"So what do you say we try an experiment tonight, matakia mou? Let's see if taking you in two ways simultaneously will make a Greek billionaire an 'easier' catch."

Oh. My. God.

And then there was no time to talk, to think, or even breathe. Damen was kissing her, claiming her lips and her br**sts with his hands and mouth.

Damen took his sweet time arousing his wife, wanting Mairi gushing wet so that his penetration wouldn't hurt her. He used her own wetness to lubricate her other hole and when she was bucking desperately against him, Damen knew it was time.

Flipping Mairi to her side, he switched the vibrator on before sliding it carefully inside Mairi's pu**y.

Mairi moaned, and she kept moaning as the thick pulsing vibrator found a steady deep rhythm inside her. When Damen reached around her to play with her clit, her moans turned to uncontrollable whimpers and she squeezed her eyes shut in tense and excited anticipation as she felt Damen's c**k nudge against the curve of her bu**ocks.

Damen carefully lifted Mairi on all fours, making sure that the vibrator was still in place. "Ready?" Damen asked as he stroked her cl*t with feathery soft movements, making sure she was aroused but not too close to having an orgasm.

"Yes," Mairi gasped out and no sooner than she did, she felt Damen's fingers spreading the cheeks of her butt open.

Pressure, familiar in its sweet raw intensity, built inside her as Damen slowly pushed his c**k inside her, inch by inch.

Another gasp was torn out of her as Damen managed to lodge his c**k fully inside her, deep enough for her to feel like the two cocks were rubbing against each other.

And then Damen started to move, his c**k thrusting in every time the vibrator pulled out.

It was like being f**ked by two Damens, and when the thought occurred to Mairi, she completely lost her mind after. She lost all sense of time, the concept of reality slipping beyond her reach. All she knew was to feel, her fingers curling against the bedsheets as her body took the alternating thrusts in her pu**y and butt.

"Harder," Mairi begged, inhibitions completely forgotten as she strove to reach for the cl**ax that felt so near but unreachable at the same time.

Knowing that he, too, was near to ejaculating, Damen held one rounded hip tightly while he began thrusting harder and deeper into Mairi, his balls making loud slapping sounds against Mairi's ass with every thrust.

Pleasure started to shoot out of his cock, and Damen moved swiftly even as his h*ps continued to hammer down on Mairi's hips. His fingers rediscovered her clit, and he strummed them hard, knowing it was enough to take Mairi over the edge with him.

"Daaaaamen!" She screamed his name as she cl**axed, and she screamed it again and again as Damen pounded into her harder and harder, his c**k and touch claiming her pu**y and ass in that uniquely hard sweet way only Damen Leventis was capable of.

When she emerged from her passion-induced stupor, Mairi found herself spooning with her husband in bed. The vibrator was gone, but Damen's semi-erect c**k was still partially buried inside her.

Feeling her stir, Damen nuzzled her neck. "How do you feel?"

"Perfect."

"It wasn't too much?"

Mairi shook her head, feeling inexplicably shy even though she knew how ridiculous it was. Damen's arm went around her waist and she threaded her fingers through his, their hands resting against her tummy.

"The baby?" Damen asked.

"All good."

Damen kissed her nape. "I love you, Mairi."

"I love you." Mairi felt him smile against her skin, and it made her smile, too.

"Do you think we should talk about this in the book?"

Her eyes flew open in horror at his teasing suggestion. "No!"

"Because you're ashamed of my proclivities? Or perhaps you're worried it will make people think less of you?" Damen allowed a bit of roughness into his voice, wanting Mairi to think he felt hurt by her rejection.

Mairi twisted her head around to face him, appalled at Damen's words. "No, no, it's not like that." She paused, then added in awkward honesty, "If I have to be truthful, I loved being...I loved being taken like that."

Damen was entranced by the blush that stole over his wife's face.

"It was like..." Her voice lowered to a secretive whisper. "It was like being taken by two Damens."

Damen had to kiss her after that, fingers sinking in her hair. God, how he loved this woman. She had the most insane thoughts, and all of it just made him love her more and more. "How about three Damens next?" he muttered teasingly against her lips.

Mairi's lips parted in a gasp, and he used it to his advantage, tongue slipping in.

"How about my c**k in your mouth, a butt plug in-"

Oh my fuuuuuuuuuck-

The words were powerfully arousing, enough for Mairi to whimper as her muscles clenched around his cock.

Damen groaned. "I've made up my mind. We're definitely going to add this part in the book, too. So we need to do some more experimenting."

Mairi gasped. "Damen-"

But he was already reaching for the drawer again, the one where Mairi knew Damen kept all his little toys.

Oh my fuuuuuuuuuck--

The End

