PROLOGUE

Damen Leventis was closing in on them. It was only a matter of time before the Greek billionaire found out where she and Norah had sent their niece to recuperate. He was the most persistent man Vilma had ever met. He was everywhere they went, and his spies were everywhere, too.

During the day, he was engaged in a fierce corporate battle, Damen Leventis against the world with his own board turning against him and attempting to wrestle control from his hands in light of his "undesirable way of conducting his personal life".

Everyone in the corporate world was of the opinion that Damen was fighting a losing battle, no different from the way a disgraced actor could never again make his audience believe him. But Damen seemed to be the only one who did not believe it, working every minute of the day without fail.

And at night -

Vilma scowled. Only the TRO she had been forced to file against him kept the Greek billionaire away. It had been her last resort, and a cowardly move at that, but he had left her no choice. When push came to shove, Vilma would do everything - even sell her soul - to make sure her little Mairi was safe.

Making a snap decision, she dialed a number she only called for the most critical emergencies. "Get me Morrison." Afterwards, she gave explicit directions to her driver.

The chosen meeting place for Hollywood's most famous divorce lawyer and the man who was, for a time, one of the government's top snipers was a rather quaint-looking chapel in a small town in Florida.

Between them was a thick file of documents containing all the necessary information about a young woman named Mairi Tanner - his next assignment.

Vilma Tanner's voice was a mix of sugar and steel as she asked, "Will you do it?"

The man in front of her was strikingly attractive, and his twinkling eyes gave him a boy-next-door charm that was effective in getting everyone to trust him with their secrets. His voice was mild when he asked, "Are you not taking this a little too far, Attorney Tanner? She's heartbroken, I get that. But that you want her to practically disappear-"

"You don't get it, do you?" she asked impatiently. "My niece fell in love with a billionaire. Worse, he's a Greek billionaire, and though I love reading about such men in books, they are not what I'd call my ideal husband in reality. They are often chauvinistic pigs and they can be very stubborn. My niece needs time away from him to heal, and I am willing to bet my entire wealth that he will not be willing to give her that."

"So instead you want me to kidnap her and keep her hostage while she gets over being dumped?"

"It won't be kidnapping. When you tell Mairi that it is my wish for her to stay under the radar, she will not cause any problems." Vilma paused. "Well, except for one thing, which I cannot guarantee."

The odd tone in the older woman's voice made Drake raise a brow. "What is this problem?"

She said gravely, "Please do not fall in love with her."

The words caught him unaware and he jerked in his seat. He said tightly, "If you're in any way implying about the last assignment I had-" Even now, that part of his life...hurt. He had always known Yanna Everleigh was not for him, but being a f**king idiot, he had fallen for her anyway.

"I just want you to be prepared. My niece is the kind of girl that any man can and will fall in love with, given enough time in her company. But...she's not for you."

Stung at the thought that Vilma perhaps thought him unworthy of her niece, he murmured, "With all due respect, Attorney Tanner, but that's not for you to decide." His eyes flashed, the usual friendliness in them turning into the cold glittery gaze of a natural-born killer. "If I care to seduce her, I will. Perhaps you should think twice about considering me for this job."

Vilma sighed. "Now I have offended you when I did not mean to. I only meant she is not the woman who will be able to love you the way you deserve. Do not ask me why or how I know it. I only do."

He snapped, "You make her sound so irresistible."

"To men like you, yes. Someone like my niece is irresistible." She opened the folder and unclipped the large print of Mairi's photo. "This is my niece."

Drake took the photo.

And stared.

And knew.

A heart-shaped face of almost old-fashioned beauty, the loveliest smile in the world, and oh, a voluptuous figure that begged for a dominating man's caress. But what really had him holding his breath was the innocent hope in her eyes-

This girl...

No matter what life would throw at her, she was the kind who believed in the pot of gold at the end of every rainbow.

She reminded him so strongly of Yanna it made Drake swallow.

"Do you understand now?" Vilma asked. "The risk isn't to your life. It's to your heart." She waited tensely for Drake to speak, secretly disliking the fact that this man was one of the few individuals she had no control over.

"I accept the job."

She started to breathe-

"But only if it will be on my terms."

Vilma's eyebrows shot up. "What terms?"

Drake's face was impassive as he said, "I will not hide your niece from Leventis. If you entrust her in my care, I will make sure that she becomes strong enough to face him alone."

She threw her hands up in frustration. "But can't you see? He's hurt her too much-"

"And he will always hurt her through their memories if you do not allow me to help her face the truth." Drake's gaze strayed back towards the photo he still held in his hands. "I will not fall in love with your niece, Ms. Tanner. It's impossible for me to fall in love with anyone. But what I can promise is that I will do my damnedest to make her fall out of love with Leventis." And in his mind, Drake added silently, and it will happen even if it means making your niece think she is slowly falling for me instead.

Mairi

~ One ~

Little Lake, Rhode Island

One week later

Winter had enveloped the world outside the quaint-looking cottage at the end of the road, its chilly winds forcing everyone to stay in. Within the cottage, however, was a young woman on the floor, her body bathed in sweat. She moaned.

The man observing her from the chair simply crossed his arms over his chest, unaffected. "Again." It was just the two of them inside the room, which was bare except for the table and chair next to the window and the full-length mirror nailed to the wall across them.

Mairi Tanner couldn't believe what she had just heard. They had been doing this for hours. She was so tired she just wanted to close her eyes and sleep. "Are you serious?"

Drake Morrison blinked innocently at her. Unlike Mairi, he looked completely relaxed, and no surprise there since she was the one who did all the work. As always, he was dressed like a preppy trust fund millionaire, a poster boy for All-American gorgeousness with his collared shirt and corduroy pants. Next to him, she felt like a dirty rag.

Mairi glared up at Drake. "You look so nice, so good, but I'm on to you now. You're the devil in disguise!"

Drake raised a brow. "Why are you complaining about the workout? You chose this."

"You told me you were going to help me forget! You didn't tell me I was going to forget because you were out to kill me!"

The temptation to smile was incredible, but Drake managed to rein it in. "Then are you changing your mind about your choice of workouts?" he asked pleasantly. "The offer still stands about doing this in my bed."

The look in Drake's eyes made Mairi swallow. It totally unnerved her, the way Drake could be Mr. Sweet Boy Next Door one moment then turn into some mysterious and dangerous stranger the next. One moment, he'd be moving with lazy grace, a man used to a life of leisure, but the next time she blinked he had transformed into someone who seemed to have been born to move in the shadows - and a man who could make a woman cry in the dark for the most sensual reasons.

She said hastily, "You know what? I think I'm good, after all. I'm going to move again-" She tried to get moving, but her body protested and she fell back to the floor. "-in a minute."

He stood up from his seat and nudged her bare leg twice with his foot until she was forced to turn over on her stomach. In an implacable voice, he said, "NOW."

With a groan, Mairi forced her limbs to work, pushing herself up with a groan.

Arms stretched out, palms down, she slowly lowered herself down until her body was an inch from the floor. "One." She raised herself up again, and her muscles protested anew at the effort she exerted. She lowered herself. "Two."

"Good. Eighteen more to go."

Without stopping her push-ups, Mairi said, "Shut up."

Since Mairi wasn't looking up at him, Drake allowed himself a slight smile. A week ago, the young woman on the floor had been lackluster, a fake bright smile never leaving her lips. Her dark eyes had been just as bright, telling him that she would rather commit suicide than shed another tear.

Mairi had not argued when her aunts came to visit and told her that Drake would be living with her as her "life coach". When her aunts left, she had been very polite to him the way only someone lost in misery could be. But that had only lasted for a few hours since the next day, Drake had forced Mairi out of bed before dawn and gotten her into Day 1 of her training.

Looking back at Mairi, Drake noticed that she was slowing down. "If you don't finish the rest of your push-ups in thirty seconds, you'll do twenty more."

"ARE YOU SERIOUS?"

A scream.

She was really moving on.

"Twenty-eight seconds and counting, Mairi."

Shit, Mairi thought, but she didn't bother arguing anymore. She completed her push-ups in the nick of time and dropped herself back to the floor, gasping in exhaustion. "I hate you."

"No, you don't."

"I do. I'm just too tired to prove it."

Drake crouched down so she could see him smirk at her. "No. You don't."

This close, it was impossible to ignore how handsome Drake was. The way he smirked was also intensely appealing, almost sexual, and she hastily looked away. It was stupid to feel like she was betraying someone every time her heart skipped a beat for another man. Stupid but inevitable, like her heart could only belong to just one person - and it was not even Mairi who owned her own heart.

She could feel Drake's gaze on hers and she tried to ignore the way it lingered on parts of her body that he really wasn't supposed to stare at. God, sometimes the way he looked at her made Mairi feel like she was na**d when it was usually the opposite, like now, with Mairi covered from head to toe in sweats.

Her whole life, she had been basking in the sun in Florida. For the better part of the year, she had been under the Mediterranean sun in Greece. Both experiences had left her ill-prepared to handle the sub-zero temperatures of a New England winter.

"Are you really sure you understand what you're here for?" she asked in a deliberately light tone, needing a little banter to clear her head. Drake Morrison was still staring at her in a way that made Mairi want to question her aunts for sending him to her.

When Drake didn't answer, she continued, "Damen Leventis is a threat to my heart. Not my life." She had to pause after that. It never failed to surprise Mairi - never failed to relieve her that saying his name was getting easier and easier. The pain wasn't completely gone. She didn't think it would ever leave. But at least she was coping.

She finally turned her head to meet Drake's gaze so she could glower at him. "You're training me like I have to be the next Lara Croft or something."

In many ways, it was the same, Drake thought. In the past, subjecting himself to the most arduous physical challenges had been the only way Drake was able to beat his feelings for Yanna Everleigh out of his system. If it worked for him, it should, eventually, work for Mairi Tanner, too.

"You need this training," he told her succinctly, "if only to give you a fighting chance of running away from him when you two eventually meet again."

She forgot a little about her exhaustion at his words, incensed enough to find the energy to try pushing Drake and make him lose his balance. But he didn't even budge an inch. Gah!

Mairi told him tightly, "I'm not going to run away from him."

"Yes, you are."

"I hate arguing with you. You always answer like you know you'll have the last say."

"I just say it like it is and right now, I can see that you're still not completely convinced you'll be able to refuse Damen Leventis when you meet again."

Mairi flipped to her back and threw an arm over her eyes. She said stoically, "It's truly over between us."

It wasn't, but tonight it would be. A part of himself urged Drake to allow Mairi another night to recover, but the sensible and cold-heartedly rational part of him told Drake that it was time to force her to make a choice.

When Mairi no longer spoke, he glanced down and saw that she had fallen asleep. She usually did after the punishing workout he forced her to go through every day, and normally he allowed her to sleep on the floor despite knowing she'd wake up with an aching back. The resulting pain would also be good for her, another way to keep her mind off Damen Leventis until she was completely free of him.

Making a decision, he silently scooped her up in his arms. She did not stir as he carried her to her bedroom. Drake carefully lowered Mairi to her neatly made bed before walking away to lock the door, something ingrained in Drake even though no one in the world except for Mairi's aunts knew their whereabouts.

When he came back to her side, he slowly lowered himself to sit next to her on the bed.

And then he kissed her.

Mairi's eyes flew open.

She tried to push Drake away instinctively, but still he kissed her, his lips moving expertly over hers, knowing exactly what to do to weaken her defenses and make her body respond.

"Are you thinking you're betraying Damen with this kiss?" Drake whispered against her lips.

The words had her freezing, her fists trapped between their bodies.

Slowly, he lifted his head so their eyes could meet. "You keep telling me that you're over him, Mairi. But are you really? Would you be able to prove it?"

He caressed her cheek with his knuckles. "Your body is yours to give and I want it. I won't take you tonight but I want to give you pleasure - I want to make you come."

The heat in his eyes made her swallow, and when his hand moved to cup her breast Mairi gasped, stunned at the way her body was reacting to his touch.

"This is your choice, Mairi. If you give me your body, if you just let me please you, the next time you look at Damen Leventis, he will know that you have truly moved on and that he is no longer the master of your body."

He squeezed her breast and she jerked, his touch taking her by surprise once more. But more than that, it was how her breast seemed to swell against his hand that made Mairi want to cry. This didn't feel right...but it shouldn't feel wrong either.

She closed her eyes.

Immediately she saw him in her mind.

Damen Leventis.

Dark. Beautiful. Powerful.

And cold, so, so, so cold as he threw her out of his house - out of his life.

"Get out of my f**king house, you gold-digging bitch."

And the vileness...the sheer vileness in his eyes as he looked at Mairi like he regretted every damn second he had spent in her company.

"Go back to Manolis. He can have my leftovers..."

A tear slipped from her eye, but before she could wipe it with her fingers, Drake had already bent down and licked it away.

"I won't take you, Mairi," he whispered against her skin as his hand began to move again on her breast, kneading softly, gently, then firmly.

His fingers found her nipple.

Mairi stilled.

He, too, stopped, waiting tensely for Mairi to say just one word - to do anything that would let him know she was unwilling. And he would stop. It didn't matter if he wanted her like hell, that there were some days Drake was no longer sure if he only wanted her because Mairi reminded him so much of Yanna. Some days, Drake felt like he wanted Mairi because he wanted Mairi.

And then he felt it-

Her hands moving, curling around his shoulders.

It was Mairi saying yes.

Drake did not give either of them a chance to think after that. He kissed her, kissed her hard this time, willing her to forget about the man who had hurt her so horribly. As he kissed his way down her body he took care of her clothes, inhaling sharply with every inch of bare skin he exposed. She had a very beautiful body, with such generous curves and gorgeous br**sts that he wanted to feast on.

Unable to help it, he lowered his head and sucked on her nipple.

Drake's mouth covering her nipple had Mairi gasping, and she clutched his shoulders harder, her nails digging into his skin. The pleasure was different from what she had experienced in Damen's arms, the way Drake kissed and loved her nipple different from Damen's - everything was different, but she pushed the thoughts away because there was no point in making the comparison.

She forced herself to focus only in the pleasure of Drake's touch, whimpering when his head moved to her other breast and he started sucking again while his hand played with her other breast.

Mairi drew her breath sharply when Drake moved down and got rid of her sweat pants, throwing them to the floor. Her body arched when he touched her core. Instinctively, she caught his hand. "Drake-" Suddenly, she wasn't sure. His touch was beautiful. He made her feel hot, made her feel good in a way that she had not felt good since forever, but somehow-

Drake looked up, their gazes clashing. He said in a hard voice, "You want this, Mairi." And without releasing her eyes, he gently took hold of her wrist and pulled her hand away. Her arm fell limply against her side.

And then he was touching her again, tracing her folds over her silk panties, gently, slowly, and all the while never letting go of her gaze.

She wanted to look away but she didn't. If she did, it was like letting Damen Leventis win, letting him own her forever. And what was the point of that when he only thought of her as trash?

Mairi bit her lip, her body shaking as Drake slowly disposed of her panties as well. Now she was completely naked, bared to his gaze while he remained fully clothed. Her teeth sank harder into her lower lip when he touched her flesh again. It only took a few strokes before she was wet, and Drake's groan of realization made her whimper.

Everything was blurry now, passion making her feel faint-headed. In her mind, it was Damen touching her, and Mairi's legs fell wide open as Drake sank one, two, oh God, three fingers inside her. Her head tossed against the pillows. "Please," she begged.

Drake moved his fingers faster and her body jerked, her h*ps moving to meet his thrusts.

Another finger was pushed in and Mairi moaned, feeling so wonderfully filled.

"Mairi."

The fingers had stopped moving.

She slowly opened her eyes.

And she remembered that it was not Damen Leventis with his fingers inside her.

It was Drake Morrison.

"Say my name, Mairi. Say you want me to make you come."

Another tear fell.

He was so damn good. He knew - somehow he knew that she had been fooling herself into thinking it was Damen making love to her, her silly mind wanting to prevent her from committing an act of betrayal.

Drake began to move his fingers again, his face tense with the effort it took to hold his own passion back. Harder and harder, he thrust his fingers into her, knowing that each thrust would make Mairi's body want him more even if her heart and mind still struggled.

"Say it, Mairi," he growled. "Say it-" He withdrew his fingers completely.

The emptiness was painful, reminding her of the days and nights she had solely existed in the darkness, lost and diminished by Damen's betrayal.

She had not betrayed Damen.

Damen had betrayed her first.

Drake's fingers found her clitoris.

Pleasure erupted inside her body.

"Drake!" She closed her eyes. "Drake, please." Her voice turned into a whisper, her words a choice to break free from the man who had so cruelly hurt her countless times. "Please, Drake. Please make me come-"

And then he was sucking on her cl*t as he thrust his fingers into her harder and faster.

Mairi fell apart with a scream, the pleasure pounding into her over and over.

She slept in his arms that night, the first time she ever did. Throughout the night, Drake remained awake. The next time Mairi and Damen met again, Damen would only have to take one look at Mairi and he would know. Someone else had tasted Mairi's sweetness - and he only had himself to blame for it.

Mairi

~ Two ~

"Relax." Drake whispered the word into Mairi's ear deliberately.

She jumped like she had just heard a ghost speak. Her reaction was exactly as he intended and his lips quirked.

Mairi wanted to die when she caught sight of the small smile that flitted over Drake's lips. But when his eyes met hers, she hastily looked away.

Last night should never have happened, she thought miserably. It just didn't feel right, and now she felt so cheap and evil for having done what she did.

Overhead, the seatbelt sign lit up and she concentrated on fastening her seatbelt, her stomach somersaulting at the realization that their plane had reached its destination. This was it. She was really going back to Florida...to living...to having the fear that the day would come when she would come face to face with Damen Leventis again.

Beside her, Drake said quietly, "You don't belong to him anymore, Mairi."

Her hands shook and she fumbled with the seatbelt. A shadow fell over her, and Mairi stiffened when Drake gently took the belt away from her hands and buckled it for her. This close, she could smell his aftershave, and it smelled...good.

But he wasn't Damen.

Even last night, she had not been able to fool herself into thinking that he had been Damen Leventis.

Slowly, she made herself look up.

The man beside her was Drake Morrison. Tall, dark, and handsome like Damen, but the similarities ended there. He was not a seductive and silently brooding Mediterranean. He was not a powerful and arrogant billionaire. And he was, most importantly, not a man who made Mairi think he loved her back, only to break her heart over and over again.

The man beside her was not quiet and observant, his friendly charm something she now knew he effectively used to conceal the darkness inside him, the danger that he represented. He was a man who could kill with his bare hands, but for some reason that fact didn't scare her. Maybe because she was already dead when they met, and Drake was the one who had brought her back to life.

She whispered, "Last night..."

"...will not be repeated unless you want it to happen again."

It was her choice, always her choice, she thought painfully. It was her choice if she wanted to prove to herself that she would no longer be the same stupid girl who would let Damen sweep her into his arms every time he came back to her side and tell her he was sorry.

Because he would always be sorry.

She understood that now.

He would always love her, always want and need her, but somehow he could not find it in himself to trust her, and love without trust -

It was nothing.

"Mairi?"

She blinked, not realizing that so much time had passed. Most of the passengers had already exited the plane. Drake was on his feet and he was offering her his hand.

Slowly, she took it. His hand was large, making her feel small as her hand was engulfed in his hold. His touch was hot, protective, but there was also no denying the intense awareness that blossomed from their entwined fingers. His touch told her he wanted her still, but it was her choice. It would always be her choice.

They didn't speak as they walked past immigration and she only nodded when he told her to wait while he got their luggage.

The one small part of Drake that had a conscience told him he was being too hard on Mairi. He was almost a hundred percent sure of how today would play out, and yet here he was, leaving her alone. He stopped midstride, slowly turning around to look at Mairi.

She was a solitary figure in the crowd, her sadness making her pretty face become hauntingly beautiful. The whole time he had spent with her, she had not shed a single tear. It should have made her seem strong, but somehow it only made her look frailer in his eyes - like she was now a vessel of tears, and they were all just waiting for what would make that vessel crack and allow the tears to flood out.

As Mairi waited for Drake to come back with their luggage, she kept her mind blank - it was all she could do not to break down. It was only now that she was beginning to realize that she had really gone and left her haven in Rhode Island, and that she had to face the realities of her life.

The whole world thought of her as Damen Leventis' gold-digging lover, and soon they would know that Damen believed the same thing, so much so that he had thrown her out in the cold of the night.

She inhaled sharply, the rush of tears in her throat making her want to cry out. For a second, everything was completely black. She was no longer at the airport, no longer one person in a crowd of thousands. For that one second, she was drowning in pain-

"You're really here."

That voice.

It lassoed Mairi out of her world of pain and she shook her head, wondering if she had mistakenly heard that voice.

She looked up.

No.

Damen

~ Three ~

Three Months Earlier

Athens, Greece

Rage and despair turned Damen Leventis inside out as he stood alone in his home's office, waiting for a call that he knew in his heart would not yield good news. Outside his window, Athens' cityscape glowed like a jewel in the night, a mixture of historic sites and impressively modern structures. Its beauty, however, did not just leave him cold. He was also blind to it for memories of this morning were all he could see. It had started with another call, one he had not expected.

His phone had rung, and he had been wary when he saw it was Ioniko Vlahos, someone he never considered a friend and one who had turned into a rival when Ioniko made it plain he also wanted the woman who had captured Damen's heart.

"Vlahos." Years of etiquette drummed into Damen forbade him from being discourteous for no reason, although worry over Mairi and sheer jealousy made him want to snarl at the other man.

"I will not make this longer than it should be. I learned that Mairi is missing and that you are unable to find her." A pause. "I have done my best to search for her as well without any success."

Damen's heart had withered a little more at that, but he told himself doggedly that it was nothing to be worried about. Her aunts were just damn good at hiding her, but there was nothing to worry about. Nothing had happened to Mairi Tanner. He would know if something did. He would know, dammit.

"However, in my efforts to look for her, I've found out about something that probably everyone indirectly involved had been terrified to tell you." Vlahos' voice had turned cold. "I believe that you have the right to decide what to do with...what I have uncovered."

It had taken Damen only half an hour to meet Ioniko at his meeting place of choice, a newly built shipping yard that belonged to the Vlahos' business empire. The place was curiously empty, with only a few men around. None of them were yard workers. All of them were part of Ioniko's own security, and the fact made Damen grim. He did not have a good feeling about this.

Unlike Damen, who had been dressed in a business suit, Ioniko had been dressed much more casually. He was wearing faded jeans and a gray shirt that had specks of blood on it. It made his stomach churn in fear, but again Damen told himself it did not mean anything had happened to Mairi. He would know if something had gone wrong and Mairi was not in a good place. He would know.

Ioniko said without preamble, "I have taken certain precautions to ensure that the person inside the warehouse would not be thought of as missing by his family and colleagues. However, that excuse will only last until tomorrow."

Damen only nodded.

The warehouse was just as abandoned as the rest of the shipyard, with only one utilitarian-styled pendant light switched on. Yellow light beamed down from it, centered on a fat middle-aged man, blindfolded and tied to a chair. More of Ioniko's security surrounded the man, all their faces impassive.

At the sound of footsteps coming towards him, the man started to snivel. "Please let me go-"

"Shut up," Ioniko said in a cold voice that had the man snapping his mouth closed even as his body trembled. He was covered in his own sweat, his clothes dirty and torn in some places. He also smelled distinctly of piss and fear.

Ioniko said contemptuously, "His name is Cleon Frangos. He works as a dean in one of the schools here. Mairi was unfortunate enough to have tried applying for a post in his school."

Damen stiffened, finally realizing the connection between this despicable man...and Mairi. He could feel himself shaking, his fists clenching in hapless rage as he waited for Ioniko to speak.

Ioniko looked at Cleon with distaste. "Now Frangos, I want you to repeat exactly what you told me about what happened when Ms. Tanner applied." When Cleon refused to speak, he calmly moved forward and gave the other man a swift but hard punch to his guts.

Cleon groaned in pain. "I-I'll speak. Please d-don't hurt me anymore."

Ioniko moved back. "I won't ask nicely again."

Cleon struggled to speak past the pain. "W-when I learned that Mairi Tanner was a-applying, I t-thought she was fair game..."

The words had Damen whitening. His first thought was of Mairi. He was surely the reason, Damen thought in sickening realization, Mairi had been forced to apply for a post in Cleon Frangos' school, a situation that had made her so damn vulnerable - and she had not even known it.

"She was supposedly Damen Leventis' fiancee, but I thought it couldn't be true if she was looking for a job. Like everyone, I knew that Esther Leventis and the Kokinos clan had it out against her. So I thought sh-she would not protest..." Cleon paused, his body shaking harder. The last time he talked about this part, he had gotten beaten. Badly. Enough to knock out a couple of teeth.

Fear made Cleon stop with his narration. Instead, he whined, "I would never have done anything to her if I had known-"

Ioniko stepped forward. In the next second, his fist connected with Cleon's face. "Stick with the story," he said harshly.

Cleon's face felt like it had been turned into a painful mass of flesh. He had to swallow convulsively and spit out blood before he could speak again. His voice hoarse, he mumbled, "I made h-her wait. I t-thought if she was willing to wait for hours for her interview, it meant she was desperate."

Damen closed his eyes, knowing what the man's next words would be.

"And she waited."

And it meant that Mairi had been desperate.

In his mind, he saw her again. Young, beautiful, so full of love for him that she was willing to do everything to prevent him from worrying about how her life had been ripped apart the moment she chose to stand by his side.

She had loved him so goddamn much, and in return all he had done was hurt her, over and over.

"I locked the door. I knew...my s-secretary would not interfere because she did the same thing for me. She knew I'd f-fire her if she interfered."

Damen did not want to hear any more. He only wanted to kill Cleon Frangos because this man before him - this pitiful excuse for a human - had dared to hurt what was his. Rage flared inside him, and the urge to snap the man's neck was intense, but Damen made himself ignore it. Refusing the urge was his own way of inflicting punishment on himself.

He did not deserve to kill Cleon Frangos because he knew he had hurt Mairi even more.

And so now, he continued to listen, another form of self-punishment he welcomed because he deserved it.

"Sh-she was wearing a blouse and a tight skirt. Th-the skirt showed a l-lot of her legs." Cleon bit his lip hard.

But Ioniko would not allow Cleon to withhold anything. He said coldly, "Don't stop now."

The silent threat that followed made Cleon swallow. Why did this man want him to repeat every damn thing he had said? Why the focus on the details? Was their conversation being recorded and would it be used as a confession - evidence submitted to the police for his arrest?

"I'm getting impatient."

The sound of cracking fists had Cleon mumbling hurriedly, "I saw her and I wanted to f**k her."

Something in Damen died with those words.

This man. This bully. This sex maniac.

This ass**le had wanted to f**k Mairi when he had seen her, and in that situation this man had been the one holding all the cards and Mairi...Mairi had none.

Mairi. God, Mairi. If only he could shout her name and have it heard throughout the world - if only there was something he could do that would ensure she would hear him.

I'm so damn sorry, Mairi. I'm so damn sorry I wasn't there when you needed me.

"I asked her if she was Damen Leventis' fiancee."

And again, Damen knew what the answer to the question was even before Cleon said it.

No.

"She said no."

Mairi would say no because she had not wanted anything to get back to Damen, had not wanted to cause him trouble because she loved him.

How many times, Damen wondered bleakly, had Mairi suffered for the sake of her love for him?

Cleon's voice shook. "I swear, if she had said yes, I wouldn't have touched her. If I had known she was your woman, Mr. Vlahos-"

Ioniko's voice was hard as he snapped, "This is your last warning. Finish the story or it will be the last words you'll ever say in this lifetime."

At those words, Cleon couldn't help it.

Not a single expression crossed Ioniko's face as he watched the other man pee himself in fear.

Cleon started to sob like a f**king crybaby. "I told her we could come to an understanding. I saw in her eyes that she understood. She was frightened of me..."

The words made Damen's heart crack into a thousand pieces.

If any of the gods could hear him now, let them take his life in exchange for turning back time and preventing Mairi from ever knowing that Cleon Frangos existed.

But if there was indeed a god listening to Damen, it was the god of vengeance and he struck ruthlessly, filling Damen with visions of a pale and shaking Mairi, fearful and alone, with no one to turn to for help as she found herself locked inside a room with Cleon Frangos.

"I was aroused by her fear. It made me want to f**k her even more. I couldn't stop staring at her br**sts..."

Pure instinct had Damen taking a step towards Cleon. It didn't matter that what Cleon was saying had already taken place. Something in him wanted to protect Mairi - even if it was only the imaginary Mairi in his mind, the one who could not cry out because she was so damn afraid.

"She told me she did not want it, but I told her I could make her want it. I unzipped my pants and showed her my dick..."

In Damen's mind, the story took on a life of its own, and in cruel irony, his imagination was able to stay a step ahead of Cleon's story, painfully accurate in its ability to foresee what Mairi would have done. Because he knew her that well. Because he loved her that much. Because he had always known, had always f**king known deep inside himself that Mairi loved him so much she would do anything for him. Anything.

In his mind, he saw Mairi making the decision to run.

"She bolted from her seat and ran..."

He saw Mairi dashing to the door...

"I caught her just as she reached the door..."

Mairi would try to open it...

"She managed to open it, but I kept her from leaving. I started rubbing my dick against her butt. She was trapped between me and the door..."

There would be a crazed look of fear in Mairi's eyes, a second where she would feel nothing but fear and desperation because she was trapped. But then the sanity would return, her instinctive courage. Mairi would not cry for help.

"She didn't plead for me to stop."

She would think of a way to get out. She would not give up easily.

"I was waiting for her to knee me. I was ready for that. But she didn't. I forced her on her knees."

And she would have a plan. Because his Mairi was not just beautiful and loving, she was smart and courageous, too, and she would not have let anyone hurt her just like that.

"She punched my dick." Cleon's face screwed up in remembered pain and fury, something in him still hating Mairi Tanner for that one act even though he had been the one to force himself on her. Mairi had not been the only girl to try fighting off his advances, but Mairi had been the first to succeed.

Cleon was about to say more, but suddenly his blindfold was torn off. The light blinded him for a moment and he groaned as he blinked rapidly. When his vision cleared, what Cleon saw made him wish he was still blindfolded and left blissfully unaware of who he had been repeating his story for.

Damen Leventis.

It was Damen Leventis in the flesh, and the look on the billionaire's face told Cleon his days were numbered, that he would have been better off making a confession to the police.

He started to babble, desperate to save his life. "I swear, Mr. Leventis, if I had known she was-"

"Quiet."

That one word was as sharp and cold as a killer's blade.

Cleon wanted to pee again.

Damen said tightly, "I will not hurt you right now. I will let you go. I will let you heal. I will let you lull yourself into thinking I've forgotten you or that you're untouchable because I know you're that stupid. And I don't mind that you're that stupid. When the day comes that you are at your strongest, that you are at your most arrogant, I will come back for you. And that is when you will pay."

Damen

~ Four ~

The ringing of the phone tore Damen out of his most terrifying memories, and for a moment he was disoriented, his senses on alert, his instincts bordering on murderous. He was ready to kill anyone who dared to even consider hurting Mairi.

The phone continued to ring, and sanity kicked in a moment later.

He swiftly crossed the room to pick up the phone.

"Damen Leventis?" the voice on the other end of the line asked hesitantly.

Damen did his best to make his voice even, but memories that had not completely faded made his voice tight with guilt and self-hatred as he asked, "Is this Mandy?"

"Yes." A moment later, unable to stop herself, Mandy demanded, "Has something bad happened to Mairi? She hasn't been answering her phone the past few days."

Hope died with those words, Mandy unknowingly answering the questions he had yet to ask. Damen said hollowly, "I had called hoping you would be able to tell me where she is."

Mandy paled. "You don't know where she is?"

"Do not lie to me." Terror, an emotion that he had only become familiar with since he had learned of what Mairi had gone through, made his voice especially sharp.

"I'm not lying. I don't know where she is and you're not helping matters when you tell me you don't know where Mairi is either!"

Mandy's voice had risen at the end of her outburst, and the note of panic in it was unmistakable. He knew then that Mandy was not lying, and terror swallowed more of the few remaining tendrils of hope that survived inside Damen.

"I'm sorry. I did not mean to be sharp with you. I am angry at myself, not you, for..." He almost laughed, realizing that he had no idea where to start about the innumerable things he had to be sorry for.

For every instance that Mairi had proven she loved him, there were ten things he did to make her think that he did not value her love at all.

"D-do you think she's in trouble?" Mandy demanded.

"Her aunts should know where she is."

There was something off in the Greek billionaire's voice. Common sense told her that she shouldn't believe Damen Leventis, but Mandy for once did not want to be practical. She told herself that she was just imagining things and that what Damen had said was true. Nothing bad had happened to Mairi. Her aunts would know where Mairi was and her friend would be fine. Was fine.

"How long has she been gone?"

"Five days now," Damen said hollowly.

"Have you talked to her aunts?"

"I will call them after this."

Another strangely tense moment of silence followed, and Mandy again felt afraid for Mairi. She whispered, "What happened?"

Damen wanted to say that nothing happened, but he knew he did not deserve to say that. He spoke tonelessly, not hiding a single fact. He told Mandy about how he had been stupidly and foolishly blind to Mairi's suffering, how he had forced her into a situation that had almost gotten Mairi raped. He told Mandy how he had constantly doubted Mairi's love, to the point that he had believed a stranger over Mairi, to the point that he had thrown Mairi out of his house and treated her no better than a gold-digging whore.

He waited for Mandy to shout at him.

But she did not.

When she next spoke, she was crying. "I didn't know...Velvet or I didn't know any of this. We told her not to apply anymore because she kept getting rejected..."

Fate, once again in a cruelly ironic mood, interfered, giving Damen's imagination the kind of accuracy only a powerful clairvoyant would have...or one whose love was so great that when it was betrayed, its ability to hurt was unparalleled.

Damen did not have to close his eyes to imagine Mairi forcing herself to smile, to laugh and chat like she was not worried at all about what the future held for her as she received one humiliating rejection after another.

He knew how Greek society worked, knew that those who were firmly on the side of Esther Leventis and the Kokinos clan would not hesitate to treat her like a leper and embarrass her with every opportunity they had to do so.

And again, he knew that she did it because she loved him that much.

Oh God, Mairi, how can I ever make it up to you?

I'm so sorry. There are no words, Mairi. I'm so sorry.

"We told her to tell you..."

But she hadn't wanted to. His beautiful, selfless, and courageous Mairi had refused to tell him because she had always considered herself a burden to him, someone who still had to prove that she was worthy of becoming a Greek billionaire's wife.

He wanted to throw up, as if his system felt he was undeserving to digest anything that nourished him because he was that f**king useless. Worthless. She had it wrong. She had it the other way around. She never had a need to prove that she deserved him. With every day they spent together, it was he - Damen Leventis - who had to prove that he deserved her love, which was something not even all his billions could be enough to buy.

"But we didn't know," Mandy sobbed. "We didn't know that she was almost raped. Why wouldn't she tell us? Why?"

Because of him.

Because he was always to blame.

Because by choosing to love him, Mairi had also chosen to isolate herself, being smart enough to know that anyone she considered a friend would be a potential target of the enmity of Esther Leventis - his own f**king mother - and the Kokinos clan, a family whose fury she didn't do anything to earn but became a target of anyway because of Damen.

It always came back to Damen.

Always.

Again, the most painful question lacerated his mind.

How many times did Mairi have to suffer just because she loved him?

"I'm sorry that my relationship with her has made Mairi avoid you and Velvet, but I promise you," Damen vowed grimly, "I will make the man who had attempted to..." He had to stop speaking, had to unclench his fingers so he would not accidentally crush the phone in his hands. "The man who tried to violate her will pay. This I promise you."

But even as he said the words, even though he knew he meant every word, Damen knew it was not enough. He feared that it would never be enough.

Damen

~ Five ~

Two months earlier

The man in the mirror wearily gazing back at Damen Leventis looked like hell. His hair was uncombed, his eyes were bloodshot, and his face was haggard and unshaven. He wore expensive clothes, but they were yesterday's clothes, crumpled after he spent the whole night tossing and turning. They hung loosely about his body, which had grown noticeably thinner.

He had not been able to sleep without the aid of drugs or liquor ever since he had learned of Mairi's attack.

How could he when he was still not sure that she was indeed fine, that she was even alive?

The rational side of his mind told Damen that he was worrying over nothing. That if something had happened to Mairi, then her two American aunts would not have been living their lives normally. He knew from the investigative report he had ordered that the two older women loved Mairi fiercely - perhaps just as fiercely as he loved Mairi. They would not be able to pretend everything was fine if something bad had happened to their beloved niece.

But the irrational part of Damen?

It worried, desperately, and it made up the larger part of his mind. It told him that if Damen had not had a single inkling of Mairi's suffering when she was fighting off Cleon Frangos, how could he allow himself to believe that it would be different this time...that he would know if Mairi was suffering now?

Tearing his gaze off his reflection, he bent down to splash cold water on his face, needing himself sober. After switching the tap off, he grabbed the towel hanging from the rail and patted his face dry, feeling more and more awake with each passing second.

By the time Damen sat down in front of his laptop, his mind was completely alert, his body alive, and his heart remained beating with the hope that there would come a day he would see Mairi again.

He began to type.

Dear Mairi,

I'm not sure if you will be able to read this letter. On the off chance that you are and this is the first letter of mine that you are able to read, I want you to know that I'm sorry.

I wish there's a better way of putting it, but there is none. There are no excuses for my foolishness and cruelty. I have failed you. I failed to trust you when you never gave me any reason to distrust you. I failed to believe you when you have always been true, even in the times that I did not deserve your loyalty and faithfulness.

I hurt you, deliberately, mercilessly, and cruelly, and till the day I die I will always remember and never forgive myself for it.

I doubted you, I hurt you, and I know I do not deserve to say the words, but I will because I am and have always been a selfish bastard and I cannot just let you go without trying - without giving up my life trying to make you take a chance on me again.

I love you. Even when I hated you, when I thought that you only wanted to be with me for my money, I loved you. You are always in my thoughts. I see you wherever I go, I hear your voice even when all is silent, and I feel you now even if you only exist in my memories.

I will not give up searching for you. I will never tire of looking for you because I need to know you are fine - that you have survived despite my worst attempts to drown you in the pain of my cruelty.

I hope and I pray to all the gods in heaven that you are indeed able to read this letter because it means that you are alive and well. If you are fine, please - I know I do not deserve your pity, but please, I beg of you - let me know that you are fine. I need to know you are fine.

I love you.

I know I'm not making any sense - I started my letter like I know what to say but as I end it, my thoughts are jumbled and all I can write are those three words.

I love you.

They are all I have left.

Yours forever,

Damen

His gaze was blurry when his fingers moved away from the keyboard. Damen struggled to breathe, his emotions weighing heavily on him.

I love you, Mairi. I love you. I love you.

Sometimes, he just had to say the words, even if it was only in his mind. He felt like he was going to explode if he didn't.

I love you. I love you. I love you.

Slowly, his fingers moved back to the keyboard.

He typed a postscript.

Forgive me. Please. I am yours to punish, forever if you want, but please just let me stay by your side.

Damen hit Enter and the email was sent.

He knew there would be no reply, as there had been no reply to his other emails. But he waited anyway. He would wait forever if he had to. It was better than thinking something had happened to Mairi.

Seconds turned into minutes, which then turned into hours. He only closed the laptop when morning became noon and it was time to leave. He would never tire of waiting for a sign that Mairi was fine - would more than welcome any news of Mairi perhaps celebrating as she drank to her freedom from her hellish life with him. But for now, there was a place he needed to go so he could fulfill his vow.

****

Cleon Frangos was indeed a stupid and foolish man. When weeks turned into a month and he still had not heard from Damen Leventis, he convinced himself that he had nothing to worry about. Slowly but more carefully this time, he began to rebuild his life.

Sadly, there was no way to reclaim his old job. The board had fired him, and Cleon had at least been smart enough to know that appealing his case would have been useless. Ioniko Vlahos' mother was one of the school's board members, a fact that made getting his job back an impossibility.

He was not without friends though, and by pulling a few strings, Cleon had gotten one of his older cronies to smooth his way into getting a job as faculty head in an all-girls school outside Athens. The pay was pathetic for a man of his stature, but the number of girls that he would be in control of was good recompense.

A knock sounded on his door, and Cleon wetted his lips in anticipation. He had recently convinced the guidance counselor to send her most troublesome students to him, and today he would be "consulting" with the first of them.

"Come in," he called out, keeping his voice deliberately abrupt so he would instill fear in the girl outside his room.

The door opened.

Cleon's face blanched.

The door slammed shut.

"No-" Panic made him turn to the windows behind him and claw them open. If he had to jump out of his office windows, so be it. Anything was better than facing the man-

Hands so strong they felt like steel settled on his shoulders and spun Cleon around, and he forced himself to look into the dark eyes of Damen Leventis, which glittered with rage.

"Please," he blubbered, "I haven't contacted Mairi, never even spared her a thought-" Damen's gaze darkened even more at his words, and Cleon's voice faded.

"Do you think I will be pleased to know that you are the kind of man who does not spare a thought for his victims?"

Cleon gulped. "I didn't mean it that way. I just-"

"Shut up," Damen snapped. He hauled the hefty man away from the windows, his rage lending him strength, enabling him to easily toss Cleon over his desk.

The heavy man fell to the floor in a loud thump as pens and papers from his desk rained everywhere.

Cleon heard something drop next to him with a clattering sound. When he opened his eyes, he saw that it was a sharp knife, sharp enough to cut through flesh.

"Take it," Damen said coldly. "I want you to fight me with the knife. It is the only way I will have any satisfaction beating you into a pulp."

Cleon did not hesitate. He grabbed the knife and, pushing himself to his feet, he lunged wildly at Damen. Panic made him move faster than usual, allowing him to slice the flesh of Damen's left thigh open. He laughed maniacally, thinking he had won, but his laughter died when he saw not a flicker of expression pass through Damen's face.

He realized then that Damen Leventis really did mean every word he'd said.

The other man started for him.

Cleon's hold on the knife shook. "Don't come near me or I'm going to kill you."

Damen was just a step away from him now.

Again, panic struck and he lunged forward, going for Damen's throat, but Damen met Cleon's thrust with his own hand.

Pain didn't seem to register with the other man as he held Cleon's knife by its blade, its sharp side pressing hard into his palm. Blood started to flow, endlessly, but Damen didn't seem to feel a thing.

Cleon whitened. "S-stop-"

Damen's bleeding hand moved again, so fast that the next thing Cleon knew, Damen managed to pull the knife out of his hold and throw it away.

He looked at his attacker wildly. "No! Please! I'm begging you-"

A fist smashed into his face, hard enough to throw Cleon back to the floor. Before he could gasp out in pain, the same fist drove into his face. Again. And again. And again.

****

The next day, shock rippled through Greece's high society as they read the headlines emblazoned in every newspaper.

A certain middle-aged professor named Cleon Frangos had been arrested for subjecting women ranging from ages 13 to 34 to sexual harassment and, in some of the worse cases, repeated incidents of rape. His last victim, the only one who had managed to fight him off, was allegedly Mairi Tanner, the woman believed to be Damen Leventis' fiancee once.

When asked why he had thought he could get away with attacking someone connected to such a high-profiled individual, Cleon, whose face was badly beaten and nearly unrecognizable, had given a short answer. "I thought no one would help her since everyone in Athens knows doing so would make them an enemy of the Kokinos and Esther Leventis."

Damen

~ Six ~

News of Cleon Frangos' arrest and the story behind it spread like wildfire, and before the day was over the entire country knew about it. The masses were in love with the story. They thought it romantic that a Greek billionaire like Damen Leventis would do everything to protect the woman he loved.

Those who belonged to Greece's wealthier classes were, however, divided. Half were quietly dismayed at the results of the black propaganda that Esther Leventis and the Kokinos clan had launched against an American nobody. The entire incident was very bad business, as they knew how patriotic American businesses could be. In public, they swore about having nothing to do with the conspiracy and nepotism implied in the article. But in private, they simply washed their hands of the matter. They would not take sides. They would not be involved. They would simply wait and see which of the two warring parties would win.

The other half, however, were acutely appalled. These families did not hesitate to offer Damen Leventis their support as well as the promise to shun the opposing camp, exactly the way Esther and the head of the Kokinos clan had once conspired to make everyone shun Mairi.

The tide was slowly turning against his enemies, but victory was bittersweet for Damen.

Nothing truly mattered if he did not have Mairi by his side, and Damen remained indifferent as he watched the press conference that his mother's PR team had quickly set up to prevent her name from being thoroughly dragged through the mud.

It was the same for the Kokinos, and its cold-hearted patriarch Yehor was rumored to have suffered from a near heart attack due to rage upon finding out that his own daughter and heiress Alina had allied herself with Damen Leventis.

Her interview had been short, but it was clear for anyone to see that she had been extremely shaken upon learning of the fate that Mairi had almost suffered in the hands of Cleon Frangos.

"I am ashamed that my own family had a hand in this. If I have played any kind of role that could be attributed as a cause for Ms. Tanner's pain or suffering, I publicly beg for her forgiveness."

****

It took less than a day for the scandal to leave the continent and explode in the United States as its own network of media companies picked up the news. Tabloids, gossip websites, and TV shows - all of them did their own coverage of the controversy, and in every report Damen Leventis was painted as the big bad wolf, a heartless billionaire who had made fun of a romantic dreamer.

Damen did not feel anything as insult after insult was hurled at him by the American media. He forced himself to watch every show and read every article, and the only time he felt himself nearing the breaking point was when some of the more creative outlets would include a reenactment of what had happened between Cleon Frangos and Mairi.

Always, they would hire someone who closely resembled Mairi, and always he would be unable to breathe as he watched the events unfold, his chest constricting so tightly Damen sometimes found himself just waiting for his heart to give up from the sheer pain of it.

Every time he watched Mairi's attack reenacted, it would not be some unknown actress' face he would see white with fear. It would be Mairi's. It would be Mairi he would hear crying out for help that would not come, Mairi whose sobs would break him over and over as she sought haven in a goddamn spa because she wanted to feel clean...for him.

That goddamn spa...

As more facts had been unearthed and the date of Cleon's attack became certain, Damen had been able to connect the dots and with it, his list of sins only grew. He remembered that day with painful clarity. It had been one of the seeds that grew into doubts about Mairi's love. He had thought her shallow and frivolous, but now he knew that particular expense was the only way Mairi could bottle up her fear inside her and not break down.

How many times had Mairi suffered to prove her love for him?

The answer to that was a bitter pill to swallow. More than she should have.

What could he do to make it up to her?

It was a question Damen feared had no answer, simply because there was no way he could make it up to her. He might just have hurt her too much.

****

Damen had always known that his mother and Yehor Kokinos would strike back. The question had only been when and how, but in truth he had not really been bothered. Unfortunately, it was a mistake to underestimate the two, and a costly one at that, something he realized too late.

Damen stared coldly at the papers in front of him. His board - his own f**king board - had signed a petition to have him removed on the grounds that his actions were no longer for the better of the company.

"This is legal?"

His lawyer appeared hesitant to answer.

Damen could easily guess why. "You believe my mother either bribed or blackmailed them into signing this?"

Pippo's voice was pained when he answered. "Yes, Mr. Leventis. I believe so. It will therefore appear legal at present and though I am confident I'll be able to expose this as being invalid, it will take some time." Again, his voice trailed off uncomfortably.

Damen said abruptly, "While it is still enforced, all assets I have tied to the business will be out of my reach."

"I am sorry, Mr. Leventis, but yes, you have it correct."

A few months ago, this would not have been a problem. His personal wealth had always been significant and independent of the assets of the family's business empire. But with the merger between the Kokinos and Leventis not pushing through, Damen had been forced to use his own money to keep their corporation afloat while searching for new investment partners. The search had been time-consuming and difficult, for Damen had not only needed to find someone with serious wealth but also one who would not mind going against the Kokinos.

"Essentially," Damen said flatly, "you are telling me I am temporarily broke." He had a few thousand dollars left in his private account, but such funds would not last him forever, considering that the costs associated with searching for new business partners were significant.

Pippo mumbled, "Yes, Mr. Leventis." He had always wanted a chance to prove himself to his billionaire employer, but not like this. Never like this.

Damen's lips twisted. "I guess I should be thankful the woman I love is not a gold-digger then."

Pippo paled. The indirect mention of Mairi Tanner reminded him of another unfortunate piece of news he had to deliver to his employer. "About that, sir...I have received the latest report from our newest team of investigators. They, too, have hit a dead end. They cannot find any sign of her."

When his lawyer paused, Damen asked sardonically, "You do not need to go easy on me. Tell me the worst."

"The cost of having them continue searching for her might not be something you can afford at the moment."

"Then it only means one thing," Damen answered stoically. "I will need to look for her myself."

Alina

~ Seven ~

One month earlier

"You really have no need to accompany me to the airport." Damen Leventis' words were spoken in a gently admonishing voice as he gazed at Alina with wryly amused eyes.

When she reached him, she said breathlessly, "Of course I had to. I know how spoiled you are. You might faint dead away after your first encounter with the public airport lounge." She managed to deliver the joke in a perfectly light voice, hoping to lighten the mood.

She succeeded, and Damen's lips curved into a slight smile. His smiles had always been rare, but now they were even rarer still.

Upon watching her interview, Alina's father had not hesitated in disinheriting her but even so, she had not regretted a single thing. She had been ready to carve her own future, but to her surprise, Damen had been the first to offer her help, generously allowing her to stay in his home while she tried to figure out how life would be for her now that she was no longer the Kokinos heiress.

She had enough friends left to feed her closely guarded news, and from them she learned that Damen had found himself in a plight similar to hers. But in his case, it was sheer deception that had made the former billionaire unexpectedly bankrupt.

Alina wondered if she should try to engage him with more small talk, but the decision was taken out of her hands when his cab arrived. Her throat worked painfully as she watched Damen thank the driver before loading his own luggage.

A few months ago, this would - could - never have happened. Damen Leventis was one of the world's richest men, one of the most powerful billionaires in Greece. He did not need to carry his own luggage, and he certainly had no need to call for a cab when his own fleet of cars numbered in the dozens.

And yet now, he was reduced to doing exactly that, but there was not even the tiniest hint of discomfort on his face. All Alina could see was a grim resolve, and her heart ached at the way his love for Mairi Tanner eclipsed everything.

Living with him, Alina had come to discover the softer side of Damen Leventis, a side that only Mairi Tanner's loving and gentle nature had been able to bring out, a side that Alina had never thought existed. But now she knew. And now she was in danger of falling hard for a man who was once hers but never again.

The ride inside the cab was spent in silence. Alina did not speak, knowing by the tense set of Damen's shoulders that he was again thinking of Mairi. Sometimes, there was a crazy part of her that wanted to beg Damen to give her a chance. To give himself a chance to see if maybe he could love her.

But in the end, Alina never spoke of anything that hinted of the feelings that she couldn't stop from growing inside her. To do so would be selfish, and she did not want to add to Damen's problems.

When they reached the airport, Alina had to blink furiously to keep herself from crying. She was going to miss him. It was a funny thought, considering how months ago she thought she was the luckiest woman on earth to be free of Damen Leventis.

"I have asked Stavros Manolis to look after you," Damen told her when they reached the very last gate, one where only passengers with confirmed flight bookings could pass through.

Alina was startled. "Stavros?" The man who was once believed to be his sister's suitor but had been recently exposed as one of the Greek billionaires after Mairi?

Damen nodded. "If I know my mother - and your father - I'm certain they have something planned against you, and they will push through with it the moment I leave and you are alone. Stavros will make sure that you will not be vulnerable to them."

"But I hardly know him," Alina protested, her face flaming at the thought of having to inconvenience a stranger.

He smiled. Even though they were opposite in physical appearance and demeanor, there were certain moments when Alina would poignantly remind him of his Mairi. Now was one such moment, and Damen stroked her hair as he would a younger sister. "You have nothing to worry about," he assured her quietly. "You will be in safe hands with Stavros so please, if you do not want me to worry about you, then say you will let Stavros look after you."

"I'm not a child."

"No. You are not. But you may be made vulnerable...just like Mairi was."

Of course.

Of course it all went back to Mairi, Alina thought with hurt misery. Her head bowed. She did not want Damen to see the tears she felt sparkling in her eyes, wanting to be set free. "I understand," she whispered.

"Good girl."

She should let him go now. Alina knew that, but she just couldn't. She needed to ask him one more time. "Damen?"

"Yes?" He already sounded distracted. His mind was firmly focused on Mairi now, Alina knew, but she did not let that stop her.

"Are you really sure you'll be able to find Mairi?"

"Yes."

Her head jerked up, and her eyes were wide with incredulity as she asked, "But how? You no longer have unlimited money at your disposal."

Damen answered simply, "Because I will not stop looking for her. It is like asking me to stop breathing, to stop remembering that I have to breathe to live."

"A-and if you see her?" Alina whispered. "If you see her and she does not love you anymore, what then?"

"Do I need the air in this world to love me back for me to breathe it? I just need it to be there. The same way, I just need to know that she is...fine. That I can love her in whatever way I'm able to." Again, his lips twisted. "I need to prove to her that I love her, Alina. It doesn't matter if it's only to convince her that she has the power to destroy me. I need her. I love her. Endlessly."

~ Eight ~

Miami, Florida

Present Time

Vilma Tanner's gaze was cold as it raked through the man standing before her from head to toe. He was, she thought dispassionately, even better-looking that the photos had led her to believe. He was dressed in a dark gray leather jacket, a t-shirt, and jeans - ridiculously plain even for a former Greek billionaire like Damen Leventis.

His face was thinner now, but somehow it made him more beautiful - cruelly so. Her heart hardened at the thought. Was his cruel beauty the reason why he had been able to turn Mairi's head completely, the reason why he had gotten away with making her forgive him so many times when the smarter thing to do would have been to leave him?

Damen paled as her gaze, which spoke of her contempt for him, met his, but he did not look away.

She was reluctantly impressed. What would Norah have done in this position? Probably walk away and have nothing to do with him. But Vilma had never been that type of person, would never have become the most successful divorce lawyer for Tinseltown if she had backed away the minute she came up against someone bigger and stronger.

They had played this cat and mouse game for too long, Vilma decided. It was time for one of them to draw blood.

"Have you added stalking me to your list, Mr. Leventis?" She spoke with just the right volume, soft enough for her voice to be considered quiet and private, but loud enough for the occupants of nearby tables in the hotel's cafe to hear her easily.

From the corner of her eye, Vilma saw their eyes widen at her words just a moment before their heads quickly swiveled, looking away from the source of gossip they were so eager to impart. Most of them now had their phones out, their fingers busily moving over the keypads. One even had the temerity to snap a picture of them. Vilma was pretty sure that photo would soon go viral, together with the news that Damen Leventis had been stalking Mairi Tanner - and now one of her aunts as well.

Looking at Damen's face, she saw that he was not unaware of the undercurrent of intense interest in their conversation rippling around them. Seeing her eyes back on him, Damen inclined his head as if to say, 'This round is all yours. But is that all you have??'

Her lips tightened. He made her victory feel petty and hollow. Arrogant Greek billionaire. His kind was really better left between the pages of books.

"By allowing me to get this close to you, I assume you are now inclined to talk to me?"

Damen Leventis' voice was flat when he asked the question, yielding no clue to what he was feeling. Vilma wanted to laugh. If he thought he could stonewall her like that, he was sadly mistaken. She had not spent years in the courtroom embroiled in the most bitterly fought legal disputes over marital affairs to have learned nothing about the human psyche. He would give in sooner or later. It was only a matter of finding the right trigger.

Gesturing to the unoccupied seat across her, she said in a neutral voice, "Please join me, Mr. Leventis." She watched him carefully as he did, his every move graceful even though his face and body hinted of bone-deep weariness.

Good. It was nothing compared to what he had made Mairi suffer.

The next time she spoke, it was soft enough for her words to remain just between the two of them. "Please satisfy my curiosity, Mr. Leventis. Why are you trying so hard for a chance to see my niece? Isn't this the same girl you cast out of your home like useless furniture you had grown weary of?"

Damen flinched. "It was not like that. I misunderstood-"

"You always misunderstood!" She had been wrong. She would not be able to play this cool, after all. There would no longer be anything strategic about her words and actions this time. "I know you had us investigated, and I'm sure you know that we had done the same to you. What I found out was sickening." Her low voice shook with rage. "My niece had always loved you from the start, but you betrayed and hurt her at every turn. You treated her like trash, and now you think I'll let you waltz back into her life like nothing happened?"

The words of Mairi's aunt did not create fresh wounds inside him. It only made the ones that still existed burn more deeply and painfully. "I know," he said tightly, "how much I hurt her. That's why I'm here now. I need to tell her I'm sorry and that I love her-"

Vilma's responding laugh was scornful. "You have a very strange way of showing your love for Mairi." Her next words took on a biting tone. "I've been following Greek business news closely, Mr. Leventis. You have been removed from your own board, almost all of your assets have been frozen, and half of Greece's high society consider you as persona non grata. Don't you think you have more important business to take care of back home?"

"Mairi is my life."

Somehow, the words rang true even to Vilma's ears, and she hated it. "Mairi is the same woman you believed was interested in you for your billions, Mr. Leventis. Why would you think she'd want to see now?"

"I made a mistake not trusting her. I won't do it again." He added fiercely, "I won't hurt her again."

"And that will make it all right, you think? To admit that you were wrong?"

His voice did not change when he answered, "I will beg if I have to."

Her face hardened. "Then beg."

"Please give me a chance to speak to your niece. I just want to speak to her. It's all I ask. Even a phone call - a text message or email. Any form of communication would suffice."

"On your knees."

Damen did not say a word, did not hesitate even for a millisecond. He simply got up from his chair and went down on his knees, uncaring of the scores of eyes that swung to him incredulously at his action.

Even when he had his billions at his disposal, Damen had not been able to uncover a single clue about Mairi's whereabouts, and he knew the chances of finding Mairi had become slimmer the moment he lost access to his own wealth.

If begging was the only way to have a chance to see Mairi, then so be it.

Vilma also slowly came to her feet.

And then she took the glass of water from the table and threw it at Damen. "That's for making my niece suffer and for not protecting her from almost being raped."

~ Nine ~

Alina Kokinos felt suffocated by how crowded Miami's airport was. It was her first time to find herself in such a situation. In the past, her family's wealth had kept her from this. When their plane landed, there would always be a chauffeured car waiting on the grounds to whisk her off to wherever she wanted, with her passport and all travel documents processed while she remained in the comfort of the Kokinos jet.

But life was different now.

She was no longer an heiress, wasn't even sure she had the right to use her family's name now that she had been disinherited.

Craning her neck, she tried to search the crowd for a familiar face, but there was none. Pulling out her phone from her pocket, she re-read the anonymously sent message for the nth time.

If you would like to be the one to tell Damen Leventis where Mairi Tanner is, book a flight to Miami at this date and time. You will know then.

When Alina had received the message, she hadn't paused to think. She had gambled the last of her money on the flight and left Greece - her first time to do so alone.

Now here she was, feeling like she had been the victim of a prank.

After all, it really did not make any sense. She really did not have anything to do with the rollercoaster affair between Damen Leventis and Mairi Tanner. She was simply a bystander, one who had won her freedom when they fell in love but found her heart enslaved when the two had parted and she saw a side to Damen Leventis that she thought she would never find in a Greek male.

Ten more minutes and then she was out of here, Alina told herself before moving to another section of the airport, closer to where passengers would come out once they got past immigration. Hundreds of people walked past her every minute, but she didn't let it ruin her concentration, her forehead furrowed as she tried to look for-

Mairi Tanner.

She couldn't be mistaken, could she?

Alina didn't realize she had been walking towards the figure until she was just a few inches away. Alina whitened when a tall, good-looking man spoke to the girl. When the girl looked up, Alina inhaled sharply.

It really was her.

When the man left, Alina heard herself say, "You're really here."

****

From a short distance, Drake Morrison watched the drama unfold between the two women, events that he had orchestrated with skills he used as a tactician of war. In order to win, one had to be ready to suffer casualties, and in this case Drake had long known that it would be Mairi who had to suffer another blow. It was the only way for her to be truly free of Damen Leventis - to regain her self-respect.

Taking out his phone from his pocket, he took a snapshot of Mairi, making sure that enough of their surroundings were clear in the photo so that their location would be identified without difficulty. Drake emailed the photo to a popular Hollywood blogger.

Without taking his gaze from the two, he made another call, instructing some of his men to take care of his luggage and Mairi's.

Afterwards, he strode back to Mairi and her new companion, intent on following through with his plan.

****

Mairi couldn't believe her eyes. It was truly Alina Kokinos. The younger girl was as pretty and polished as she had always seemed, dressed in a plain but elegant short-sleeved cotton dress and flats. Alina looked innocent, Mairi thought with shame, in a way that Mairi no longer had a right to think of herself as.

Before either of them could speak again, Drake was back at her side, his arm curving around her waist. And then he was bending down, his mouth covering hers, every movement of his lips speaking of his desire for her.

There was no time for Mairi to react. She was so stunned by his actions that by the time she recovered from her shock, the kiss was over. Drake had straightened, but he remained at her side, quietly possessive and authoritative.

Alina was trembling in shock and anger. She couldn't believe it. She just couldn't believe it. Surely - surely Mairi knew what Damen was going through right now? Surely she was aware of how Damen was slowly going insane in his efforts to find her and yet here she was, clearly in the throes of a romantic tryst with another man?

"You are Alina Kokinos, aren't you?"

Alina answered coldly, "Yes."

Drake's voice, however, was bland as he said, "If you have something to say to Mairi, I suggest we do this privately. We have a car waiting outside. You may speak with freedom there, while here..."

As the man's voice trailed off, Alina belatedly became aware that they were attracting curious eyes. She didn't think people recognized her yet, but it was only a matter of time. She nodded stiffly, her gaze carefully averted from Damen's former fiancee. She was not normally this emotional, but she might just lose it if she looked at Mairi.

Drake stayed in the middle of the two women as they walked out of the airport. He immediately spotted Raymond, a short but stocky man who served with Drake in Afghanistan, leaning against a black Benz.

At the sight of Drake, Raymond moved fast, murmuring a polite greeting as he opened car doors. Alina and Mairi were ushered inside the backseat while Drake took the passenger seat next to Raymond.

The moment the door was slammed shut, Alina burst out fiercely, "How could you?"

Mairi reluctantly met the accusing gaze of the younger girl. The sensible part of her told Mairi she had nothing to be guilty for. But the other part of her, the one that was still numb with pain and love for a man who would never really trust her, that part of Mairi welcomed the anger from Alina. She felt like the accusation, the disgust and contempt in the other girl's gaze was completely justified. Allowing Drake into her bed might not have been considered a gross mistake, but it had not been her best decision either.

And so to Alina, she said nothing.

How, Alina thought with furious tears rushing to her eyes, could Mairi Tanner make it feel like she was the one in the wrong for attacking when it was the other girl who had been playing around while Damen Leventis was practically existing only to seek her forgiveness?

The older girl perplexed her, and the fact that it did only made Alina more resentful. There was also a regal air about Mairi, something that made her feel untouchable and pure even though Alina had seen with her own eyes that Mairi was anything but. Mairi was only four years older than her twenty, but right now the other girl made Alina feel very much immature for her outburst.

Well, immature or not, she did not have anything to be guilty of at least, Alina thought sullenly. That kiss between Mairi and the stranger had spoken volumes. Something beyond a kiss had happened between the two, and it was something that the man felt very proprietary about.

Alina glared at Mairi. "You didn't even have the decency to tell Damen that you are over him."

"I didn't think there was a need to," Mairi answered quietly.

Alina's temper flared. "Don't make it seem like he's completely to blame! Maybe he was at the start, but now you've done something as bad, taking another lover to your bed-"

Mairi opened her mouth to protest, but she closed it a second after. She so wanted to tell Alina how wrong she was, that she hadn't completely crossed the line but if she did...if she did...

A memory intruded in her mind like a slap to the face. Mairi saw herself begging for Damen to listen to her explain, to give her time to make him believe in her love - how she had begged him when she had done nothing wrong, begged him even as he humiliated her in front of people who had once seen them in love and had then been subjected to seeing Damen reduce her to something no better than a beggar after the crumbs of his affection.

She shuddered. How pathetic she had been!

And when he was gone, leaving her alone as the police dragged her away, that was when she realized that it hadn't just been people in Damen's employ that had witnessed her humiliation. Cuffed like a criminal, she had been made to sit in the back of a police car, which then drove past people who had once been their neighbors. All their masks of friendly charm had fallen then.

When it became clear to them that Damen Leventis had abandoned her, none of them had passed up the opportunity to show their supercilious contempt for her, staring at Mairi as the police car slowly drove past them. It had been clear in their expressions they all thought the same thing.

She deserved to be thrown out because she was not one of them.

Mairi tried to block the more painful memories from her mind, but it was impossible. Being sent to jail had been excruciating, but it had been nothing compared to hearing the man she loved - the one man she had always dreamt she'd fall in love with - speak to her like she dirtied his life.

"Please, Damen-"

"I can't believe I chose you over a real lady like Alina."

It was just a memory, but with the "real lady" now sitting next to her, making Mairi once again feel like a cheap slut, it was just too much. She wanted to shut the world away, wanted to go back to the past and stay there with her innocence intact, her dreams unbroken.

Alina looked at her with the same eyes as all those onlookers had gazed at her that painfully unforgettable night. Alina made her feel the same way Damen had made her feel, like she was a cheap slut to ever think she meant more to him than just a body to warm a Greek billionaire's bed.

"I didn't mean to do it," Mairi whispered. All thoughts of being strong had disappeared, an unstoppable sea of guilt washing them away. "I just wanted to prove to myself I don't belong to him."

The other girl sounded like she was about to break down, but Alina told herself it couldn't be true. How could Mairi be affected when she had managed to get in bed with another man while Damen Leventis' whole world consisted of Mairi alone?

"You think too highly of yourself," Alina heard herself spit out, "if you think you could belong to someone like him." She wanted to hurt Mairi the way she had seen Damen had hurt in all the days she had lived with him.

Damen Leventis had put this girl on a pedestal, but she didn't deserve to be there, and Alina would make sure to drag her down even if it was the last thing she did.

"You don't understand-"

"Don't bother explaining."

Mairi stopped, the arrogant tone in Alina Kokinos' voice making her flinch. It was deja vu of the worst kind, the way it reminded her of how she had begged another Greek's understanding.

"You have nothing to be guilty about either. Damen and I have been sharing a bed, too. Only, he has been racked with guilt the whole time, unable to commit to me because he feels guilty about what he has done to you."

~ Ten ~

Damen Leventis' face completely lost all color as he sat upright in his seat, his gaze arrested by the news on TV.

Mairi was here.

Mairi was here.

Mairi was here.

A man Damen did not recognize at all had been the first to step out of the car that slowed down in front of the Tanner home. He then held out a hand and a moment later, he was assisting Mairi out. She looked beautiful, dressed simply in a dark red blouse and slacks. A little pale, but she certainly looked better than Damen did, slimmer but stronger.

He could not breathe at the sheer joy and relief that hit him at seeing her again, the feelings so strong it almost brought Damen to his knees.

She was okay.

She was alive.

A second later, he was striding out of his hotel room. Damen didn't care what he had to do. All he knew was that he would do whatever it took to see Mairi.

****

Dinner was a silent and tense affair in the Tanner home, with both Mairi's aunts acting strange and almost nervous. They had welcomed her warmly and that was to be expected, but Mairi had also seen the slightest bit of dismay in their gazes. It was as if they wished she hadn't come home - or at least, not right now.

When they retired to the living room to enjoy coffee, the same uncomfortable atmosphere remained, with Vilma and Norah occasionally looking and frowning at each other as if they were having a silent argument. Someone knocked on their front door, and Norah and Vilma both stiffened.

Mairi finally asked, "What's bothering you two?"

Surprisingly, it was Drake who answered her. She had been doing her best to ignore him, but it was difficult with the way he made her feel so self-conscious. She knew it was deliberate on his part. She wasn't stupid. Drake truly did want her, but he did not love her and he wouldn't care that she didn't love him either. What she couldn't figure out was why he was playing the lover card to the hilt, using everything in his undoubtedly extensive sexual repertoire to make Mairi feel hyperaware of his desire for her body.

"They are worried about you."

She forced herself to say lightly, "I admit I'm not back to my normal self, but I'm not suicidal."

"That is extremely good to hear," Drake said in his now-familiar bland voice, "because your former fiance is the one knocking on your front door."

Mairi paled. "Tell me that's just a bad joke."

"It's not. I posted a few guards outside, and one just texted me about Damen's impending arrival five minutes ago."

"And you didn't stop him?"

He said evenly, "No. I did not stop him. That's not my call."

She didn't know what to think. She looked at her aunts, unconsciously seeking their help, but they were just as stoic, as if all three had come to a consensus without her and their unilateral decision was to let her sink or swim.

Mairi's fingers curled into fists on her lap. She was shaking badly, and her voice shook even harder as she admitted in a whisper, "I don't think I'm ready to see him." This morning, Mairi had been sure she was strong enough to look into Damen Leventis' eyes and tell him she no longer wanted him in her life. But now? Not so much. Not when his betrayal cut her so deeply she didn't think she'd ever be whole again.

Drake had touched her. She had let another man touch her, and she wanted to die because of it.

But Damen?

Damen had been sleeping with the woman he had once been betrothed to for five years, and no matter what Alina had said, Mairi didn't believe he could have felt as torn up about it as she felt about her own actions.

If he had...

If he had, then he would never have been able to take Alina to his bed.

The look on Mairi's face gutted Drake, but he was able to keep himself indifferent. It was one of the blessings and curses of having gone to war, the ability to neutralize all emotions and view everything in black and white.

"It doesn't matter if you are ready to see him or not. He is here, and now you must make your choice. Do you want him back?"

She didn't answer.

Unfortunately for Mairi, he wasn't inclined to wait forever for one. It would do no one any favors if he did. He stood up and walked towards the front door. "Do you want to do this inside or outside?"

Mairi stiffened. "Drake, I don't..."

He made his voice colder and harder. "Inside or outside, Mairi?"

She squeezed her eyes shut. If only, she thought numbly. If only she could wish the world away. How pathetic she had become, but the pain that kept stabbing her heart made it difficult for Mairi to remember that she was better off than others.

Other people lost the ones they loved to death. Other people lost the ones they loved to war, to slavery, to prison.

She had not lost anything or anyone - she had only lost her heart.

Drake spoke again. "Make your decision or I'll make it for you. Either way, you need to settle this now."

Mairi forced herself to open her eyes. "Outside." Her voice was thin. "I don't want Damen Leventis taking one step inside my home."

~ Eleven ~

All breath was knocked out of Damen when the door opened and the stranger he saw on television stepped out...and he was holding Mairi's hand.

As the door closed behind them silently, the man escorted Mairi to the other side of the brightly lit porch. Light from all corners beamed down, allowing Damen to see her completely even as rain and the heavy darkness of a moon-less night shrouded them.

Mairi unconsciously held on more tightly to Drake as she found the guts to meet Damen Leventis' gaze. He had changed so much. His beauty did always have a cruel feel to it, but now the thinness of his face made that cruelty blatant. There was something different about him, something subtle but important, and yet she couldn't put her finger on what it was.

Did he seem less arrogant? But how could that be? This was Damen Leventis, the Greek billionaire who had it all. The one man she had ever loved, the one man whom she had given the power to hurt her. Again and again.

"Mairi."

Damen's voice made her inhale hard. It was a voice that she hoped to never hear again. But she had, and that voice alone made every despicable and humiliating memory of their last time together come back.

"Get out of my f**king house, you gold-digging bitch."

"I can't believe I chose you over a real lady like Alina."

"Go back to Manolis, he can have my leftovers."

"I had you in every way."

"I'm sorry, Mairi." The words sounded like they were ripped out of him. And that was fine, really, since hearing those words made her feel like he was trying to rip her heart into pieces once more. With those words, Mairi knew three things.

She still loved him.

She would always love Damen Leventis.

But she could never go back to him because this soon, he was already destroying her.

For a moment, the whole world failed to register in Damen's consciousness. In that single moment all that existed was Mairi, the woman he had hurt over and over to his everlasting regret - and the woman he knew he would never stop loving.

She had changed into more casual clothes, wearing an oversized college sweater and denim shorts. Her hair was tied up, but several locks of hair had again escaped its hold, framing her delicate face. Her eyes were large and luminous as they slowly met Damen's, with too many emotions for Damen to read. But the rest of her face was expressionless, and he could only rely on the tense posture of her body to gauge her mood.

He also noted that she was gripping the stranger's hand rather tightly, and the sight of those entwined fingers was like a dart dipped in acid striking Damen's heart.

No.

He wanted to roar his denial and protest.

Mairi could not...

Mairi would not...

He didn't want to believe it.

But then the stranger moved again, pulling Mairi close to his side, his fingers unclasping from Mairi's to curve around her waist. His hand rested on her hip, fingers splayed on her skin as if branding her.

Denial turned into a terrible sense of dread inside Damen as he waited for Mairi to move away, to stop another man from touching her like this, but with each second that passed, Damen's hopes began to crumble.

The stranger pulled Mairi closer to him, and this time the side of her br**sts pressed against the side of his chest.

And yet Mairi did not say a word, did not move an inch, did not give Damen anything to cling to so that he could believe he had not completely lost her.

Finally, he dragged his gaze away from where Mairi's body was connected with another man. Finally, Damen found the strength to look into her eyes, those wondrously expressive eyes that could never lie to him.

And in those eyes, he saw the truth.

Mairi had given herself to another man.

No. No. No. He wanted to deny the reality he saw in Mairi's eyes, but he had never been one to lie to himself. He had a feeling he would never want to sleep again. If he did, he was damn sure he would have nightmares about this, and there would come a day when the pain would eat him alive and he would never wake again.

He did not think he would even dare close his eyes.

If he did-

If he did-

Goddammit, if he did, his sick and twisted mind would not have any difficulty picturing Mairi, his lovely Mairi, in another man's bed. Her na**d form, once a sight that was exclusively his, being feasted upon by another man's hungry eyes. Her generous curves, once familiar only with his touch, being caressed by another man's hands. Her silken limbs, those gorgeous long legs of hers, wrapped around another man's hips, her tender and sensitive flesh that had only ever known his c**k welcoming another man's possession-

Goddammit, he would die of jealousy.

And he only had himself to blame because he had forced her into this.

"Mairi." Damen wanted to say so many things, so many damn things, but his voice broke at the end.

The way Damen suddenly blanched, a sick look falling on his face, made Mairi cry out.

Never. Never. Never would she forget that look on his face the moment Damen Leventis realized that she no longer belonged to him.

Mairi felt herself drowning under a powerful flood of guilt, resentment, and pain - so much pain that she wondered how it could have all fit inside without her body exploding. That look on his face made her feel so cheap. Would this feeling ever stop? Did it mean she was never meant to be with Damen Leventis because she would always feel like she didn't deserve to be with him?

Maybe, she thought hysterically, maybe that really was how this was supposed to end.

"His name is Drake," she heard herself saying.

Damen stiffened.

At her side, Drake's head snapped towards her.

"He's been living with me for a week."

A sound of raw agony spilled out of Damen's throat, and she knew that he was imagining the worst, knew that he was thinking she had spent every second of that week in Drake's arms, allowing the other man all the liberties that only Damen had once possessed.

He was imagining exactly what she wanted him to think. Mairi needed him to think it was like that because she knew now that she would never be able to leave him, not even when she knew that she hadn't been the one to betray him. He was the one who betrayed her with Alina, but her heart didn't care - wouldn't ever care.

Because she loved him.

Her love for him was an ugly and unbreakable chain that she would never be free from.

But there was still hope.

All she had to do was destroy Damen, and he would destroy them both.

"And when he asked if I wanted him..." She swallowed hard, and then she raised her chin and said hoarsely, "When Drake asked me if I wanted him to make me come-"

"DON'T SAY ANOTHER WORD." Pain so great it was indescribable crossed Damen's face.

"I told him-"

Damen whitened. "Goddammit, please, I'm begging you, don't say it."

Something inside her broke down at the realization that Damen was begging her. Greek billionaires were not supposed to beg. It was always supposed to be the other way around, and Mairi shook her head wildly, as if by doing so she could deny what was happening and keep pretending that he was the same cold-hearted man who threw her out of his house.

"I said YES-"

"Shut up," he snarled. A white line had formed around Damen's mouth as he used every bit of his control not to lose himself in despair and rage.

Mairi didn't tear her gaze off him. "I said yes," she repeated.

"SHUT UP-"

"And he touched my br**sts, f**ked me with-"

Damen could no longer take it. "NO." He stalked towards her, but before he could take another step, Drake's security came out of nowhere. Men were suddenly holding him back, and that was when he lost it.

"Let go of me!" Damen was strong, but there were seven men holding him back, and his frustration and rage grew as he found himself unable to escape them. His gaze sought Mairi, and his heart splintered when he saw she was crying.

It had killed him to hear her say that, but seeing her cry so hard, he knew those words had not come without cost to her. It had killed her, too.

"I don't care who you f**ked," he rasped. "Because that's all it could ever be."

"Stop it." She didn't want him to understand. She wanted him to hate her so they could be over.

"When it's the two of us-" His voice thickened, and again he struggled against the men holding him, every instinct in him directing Damen to hold Mairi. Couldn't they damn well see that she was hurting? "We make love, Mairi," he said gutturally. "And that's what matters. That's what always will matter." He let out a strangled breath. "I love you-"

"Shut up!" Mairi covered her ears. "Shut up, shut up, SHUT UP-"

"I love you." He repeated the words fiercely. "I will always love you. I f**ked up, but you know - goddammit, you know I f**ked up because I love you too much-"

Mairi shook her head wildly. She looked at Drake, begging, "Please. I don't want this anymore."

When Drake started to speak, she was afraid he would still want her to be strong, to do things on her own, but instead his voice was gentle as he said, "I understand." He pulled her towards him.

When Damen saw Drake stroke her hair, saw the tenderness in that touch and knew that whatever or whoever the man was, he was not completely immune to Mairi - that was when he forgot all about being rational. He forgot about everything except for one thing: he would never let anyone take Mairi away from him.

"LET GO OF HER!" Terror over losing Mairi had taken a life of its own and it possessed him like a dark spirit. Damen went wild, overthrowing those who held him.

Drake pushed Mairi swiftly behind him. "Stay there."

Mairi was wide-eyed, unable to believe the havoc Damen was creating. She had always known he was strong - she had seen how vigorously he worked out in the past, but this was...this felt like something else had taken over Damen. He had just managed to overthrow two of his guards, and he was in process of doing the same to the third.

"Release him," Drake commanded as he took off his jacket and threw it to the ground. He did not pause in his stride as he did, and he kept his gaze on the Greek man the entire time.

His men immediately let go of Damen.

"You know there's a restraining order against you, Leventis. You're already in violation of it, so if you know what's good for you, you're going to leave."

A restraining order? Against Damen? For who? Her? Mairi tried to take a step towards Damen, needing to clarify everything, but two of Drake's men suddenly moved towards her, blocking Mairi's path.

Damen saw everything that was happening, saw the fear and confusion register on Mairi's face, and he snarled. "If you dare hurt her, you will pay for it."

"Stay there, Mairi. My men are also officers of the law and they're only doing their duty by keeping you from Leventis."

Drake's words were nearly incomprehensible. Too many things were happening and they were happening too fast. Mairi looked at the expressionless men that had retreated at her side. She knew that if she took another step towards Damen, they would block her path again.

Slowly, she glanced back at Damen. He was breathing hard, his body taut, and he was wiping away blood from a small cut on the corner of his mouth. It was her first time to notice the wound, and the sight of Damen bleeding suddenly made everything excruciatingly real. She wanted to cry. She hadn't wanted this. She hadn't wanted him to be hurt. She didn't want anyone to be hurt because of her. She was so tired, so damn exhausted at the way everything seemed to fall apart around them when she and Damen were together.

Unbidden, she whispered, "Damen-"

Damen stiffened, and when he looked at Mairi, his heart shattered. She was looking at him like she did not want him anymore, and now more than anything, Damen knew that it could be permanent. With another man to love her and make Mairi forget that she had loved Damen first, with another man to make Mairi realize that there were so many men who were more deserving of her love - there was every chance that if he let go of Mairi now, she would be gone. Forever.

"Don't say it," he said harshly.

She shook her head, the tears streaking down her face. "I can't do this anymore. We can't be together and not hurt each other, not hurt other people-"

"I LOVE YOU," he roared.

She sobbed harder at the words. "You love me, but you threw me away! You sent me to jail. To jail, Damen! Like I'm some thief who stole a space in your bed, and when you had enough of me you - y-you made the police take me away."

"Because I had it all wrong," he whispered in agonized regret. "I had it all wrong and I know it now. There were so many things, Mairi...so many things that I thought I knew but didn't. My greatest mistake was not trusting you, but I trust you now. I trust you with my life, I trust you with everything, and I will never doubt you again."

He took a step forward.

Drake stiffened. "Do not take another step, Leventis. I won't give you another warning. I have the legal authority to beat you into a bloody pulp if you try to come near Mairi."

Damen did not pay the other man any heed. All he had eyes for was Mairi, and he offered everything in him, his f**king heart on a platter, his soul, his life - his eyes told Mairi that he was giving everything to her as he said bleakly, "Whether you're mine or not, I will always be yours."

He took another step.

Drake's fist struck out, connecting hard enough with his face to make Damen's head snap to the side.

"No," Mairi screamed. She tried to run towards the two, but again the men at her side moved, holding her back. Damen had swiftly gotten up to fight, giving it as good as he got, but it was clear for everyone to see that although Damen was a strong fighter, he was no match for someone who had been trained to kill.

"Stop it, Drake, please!" She screamed again as another of Drake's powerful punches knocked Damen to the ground.

"Tell your ex-fiance not to pursue you anymore and I'll stop."

"Never," Damen snarled as he forced himself to get up.

"Damen, please," Mairi sobbed. "Please just leave-" She screamed again and she tried harder, tried with all her might to get free from Drake's guards when she saw Damen had been knocked down for the third time. His lip was badly cut and bleeding profusely, and one of his eyes was swollen.

"Please, Damen," she whispered. "Please just leave."

"You heard the lady, Leventis."

Damen shook his head. His body ached all over, but he didn't give a damn, and his face remained cold as he looked at the other man. "We can do this again and again, but I won't give her up." He came to his feet.

Mairi's voice had become hoarse. "Drake, please stop."

"It's his call, Mairi."

Her eyes swung wildly to Damen, and the swollen and bruised face made Mairi lose all color. "Why are you doing this?" she whispered. "Can't you see? It won't work between us."

"I love you."

She opened her mouth to speak, but Drake cut her off, his head whipping towards her. His voice was bland, but his gaze was icily challenging when he asked softly, "Are you going to believe him again, Mairi? After what you learned today? Your body was mine last night. And his body..."

Had belonged to Alina.

The pain of those words, of the pictures it invoked in her mind, made Mairi cry out.

While she had been hurting, he had been with Alina.

While she had cried for him, another girl was crying out his name in his bed.

While she had loved him, he had loved Alina's body with his.

Her eyes closed, and the tears fell quietly.

Damen didn't know what was happening. He didn't understand a damn thing that Drake had said, but he knew that Mairi was hurt - so goddamn hurt that she looked like she had just been through hell. "Mairi?" She didn't answer. His voice became frantic. "Mairi, answer me." But still she didn't answer. It was as if he no longer existed for her.

"MAIRI, ANSWER ME!"

But she only shook her head, the tears still falling silently.

His voice broke. He was losing her. He really was losing her. "I love you," he said fiercely. "I know I f**ked up so many times, but I f**ked up because of love and that love will always be there for you."

Drake's tone was cutting as he said, "Give it up, Leventis. You lost."

He said seriously, "You'd have to kill me first."

And then he took a swing at Drake's face, this time giving it all he had, this time hitting the other man as if he wanted to kill Drake. And maybe he did. For Drake was doing the same thing by taking Mairi away from Damen. Mairi was his life. Without her, his life was worthless.

The fight might have lasted for minutes or just mere seconds. It didn't matter. Soon, blood covered Damen's entire field of vision, and he was down on his knees when Drake's last punch threw him to the ground. The last thing he saw was Mairi turning her back on him.

"Mairi." It hurt to speak, but he had to call out to her, had to beg for her to come back, to forgive him and let him love her.

But she didn't stop.

She left.

And he was all alone.

~ Twelve ~

A hazy and chaotic mix of images periodically ran through Damen's mind. It was like he was watching a movie, but it was a movie of his life, something he was and wasn't a part of at the same time.

He was being carried away in a stretcher, his body engulfed in flaming pain.

He was being rushed to the E.R., with close to half a dozen specialists surrounding him, their tones urgent but their words precise.

He could recall himself thrashing in the bed as he went in and out of unconsciousness.

And Mairi...

He always saw Mairi.

He was running after her, but somehow he just couldn't get close enough to even touch her.

Mairi, Mairi, he would shout frantically at her. Come back. Don't leave.

But she never stopped, never said anything, and never even looked back as she kept running until she disappeared from his sight...and his life.

****

Damen. Damen. Damen!

Why wouldn't he listen to her? Why wouldn't he look at her? Why wouldn't he come back? Didn't he know she needed him? That she was about to drown and only he could save her?

But he remained where he stood, gazing down at her, standing atop an imposing cliff, a cold unflinching mask on his beautiful face.

Damen, Mairi sobbed. Help me, Damen. Help me.

He opened his mouth.

And suddenly, the ocean that was trying to swallow her disappeared, leaving Mairi falling in the darkness of her guilt as Damen's accusing words tried to eat her alive.

You were the one who left me.

You were the one who abandoned me.

You were the one who KILLED me.

"Mairi, wake up."

Aunt Norah's voice eventually reached Mairi through her nightmares, and she woke up with a gasp, her body bathed in cold sweat. Her voice was panicky and high-pitched as she grabbed her aunt's hand and told her frantically, "Damen needs me."

Norah gently unclasped herself from her niece's clammy hold. "It was just a nightmare," she soothed. "You're fine."

Mairi shook her head. "You don't understand, Aunt Norah. Damen needs me."

"You need to calm down. You had a nervous breakdown and you're still recovering."

"Listen to me, Aunt Norah. I need to..." she stopped. She looked around, disoriented. This was not her bedroom. Mairi opened her mouth to ask her aunt where she was when a bolt of pain struck her head, making her cry out.

"That's it," Norah said grimly. "I'm calling the nurse."

"No, Aunt Norah, I'm..." She bit her lip hard when another bolt of pain hit her head. Oh God, she was so disoriented, so dizzy. She felt like she was forgetting something important, something she had to do, but the pain was too much.

When the nurse came close, what she was holding made Mairi shake her head, which only worsened the throbbing of her temples. "Don't need that. Please..." She needed to keep her senses about her.

But it was no use. She was so weak, and the nurse's hold was strong and firm as she kept Mairi still before injecting her.

Mairi gasped as the needle pierced her skin.

"That will calm her down and help her sleep through the night," she drowsily heard the nurse telling Norah.

Norah said something in return, but it was too low for Mairi to hear.

Her head tossed and turned on her pillow. There was something she had to remember, something she had to do urgently before it was too late. She tried so hard to recall it, but sleep stole over her in a matter of minutes, and all was peaceful again.

It was the fourth day of her confinement when Mairi became lucid enough to piece the memories of the past few days together.

She had gone into shock after seeing Damen beaten. And when she had gotten over it, she had become hysterical, demanding that she be allowed to see Damen. But Drake's guards had not allowed it, causing Mairi to have a nervous breakdown that required her to be hospitalized.

But now she was better and her mind was clear. Mairi knew what she had to do.

****

Mairi, come back.

I am back.

Please come back.

I am here.

Please don't leave me.

I won't ever leave you again.

But still Damen begged, a part of him knowing it was all a dream and that when he woke up, she would still be gone from his side.

"Damen," a voice whispered.

It couldn't be.

He forced his swollen eyes to open.

It was her.

It was Mairi.

She was here.

Damen forced his mind to work even though he knew he was still feeling woozy, one of the expected aftereffects of his medication. He carefully took note of her appearance, and he frowned when he realized that she wore a hospital gown under her trench coat, one that was too large for her.

"You were in the hospital?" he demanded in a scratchy tone. It hurt to speak but he needed to ask, needed to make sure that nothing bad had happened to her while he had been convalescing.

She nodded, her eyes luminous with tears.

"Why?"

Her smile was as wobbly as her voice when she answered, "Nervous breakdown."

It took him more than a moment to understand. He asked hoarsely, "Because of me?"

She lowered her head, unable to meet his gaze as she whispered, "Because of you."

And at that moment, Mairi knew there was no point hiding from the truth.

Damen Leventis was like a sickness she couldn't control, an obsession she didn't want to be free from. It didn't matter that he had betrayed her with Alina Kokinos, didn't matter if the whole world thought she was the greatest fool for coming back to him. She would stay with him for as long as he needed her by his side.

She would love him forever, and her love would probably grow with every second she spent with him, but he didn't have to know. He should never know because that was the only way to survive if the day ever came that he no longer had a need for her.

He whispered painfully, "Mairi, look at me."

Slowly, she obeyed his command.

Damen sucked in his breath at the shuttered look in her eyes. They were no longer mirrors to her soul, and he wondered bleakly if it was because there was something she had to hide from him.

"I'm no longer a billionaire."

Her lips quirked, but her voice was soft with hurt - for him - when she answered simply, "I know."

"And yet you're here."

"I'm here."

Damen looked into her eyes, wishing they would change. But they didn't. More time passed, which he needed so he could prepare himself for what he was about to ask. He inhaled deeply, telling himself that whatever she said, it would not change a thing. He would always love her.

"Mairi."

"Yes?"

"Are you here with me out of pity?"

There was no hesitation when she answered simply, softly, "Yes."

