Prologue

The whirring sound of a helicopter landing a short distance away reached the security team stationed outside the Panathenaic Stadium like the faintest echo, but it was enough to get everyone moving, all of them assigned to ensure just one thing: that no media outlet would ever know why Athens' most famous and historic stadium was privately rented at this hour.

"These men have too much money," one of them muttered in a low voice to his companion as he peered through his binoculars and saw the door of the helicopter open. It only had one passenger, and to anyone born in Greece, his face would be instantly recognizable. His name was Stavros Manolis, a billionaire whose reclusive workaholic ways made every young Greek lady wish that she would be the one to open his eyes to the charms of marriage.

He continued grumpily, "Renting the entire stadium for a secret meeting at three in the morning? No sane man does that!"

His younger companion said hesitantly, "Maybe they're scouting the place for a corporate event-"

The older man cut him off, "I'll give you some advice, Chucky doll. If you want to stay employed by the boss, you better start following Perez Hilton."

Chucky, whose real name was Christophos but everyone in the team called Chucky as part of his initiation, was confused. "Who is Perez Hilton?"

His superior sighed. "Google it. If you want to keep your job, that's the first thing you should do tonight. As one of Mr. Leventis' bodyguards, we do not have to worry about dodging bullets."

This came as a surprise to Chucky, who had thought it was his short but excellent stint with the US Air Force the reason he had been hired by the billionaire. "He's a billionaire. There's surely always a threat to his life-"

"The media's the only threat to his life. He likes his privacy because he has a bat-crazy mother who doesn't know how to mind her own business. He doesn't allow any intrusions in his private life, and in the years I've been leading this team I've managed to keep his name out of any major scandal," the older man said proudly. "But unfortunately, what happened in Ms. Diana's school-"

"What happened then?" Since he had only been hired two days ago, Chucky found himself even more and more confused.

"It was hell. He broke his engagement to the Kokinos girl and then he proposed to his mistress right after. The media went crazy with that and when the footage was aired, the reporters started wondering what Mr. Manolis was doing there."

"What was he doing there?"

"The idiots think Stavros is Ms. Leventis' lover." His loud snort was enough to express his opinion. "They're sniffing in the wrong direction, and that's exactly how Mr. Leventis wants it."

Chucky could no longer keep up. "Mr. Artini, I'm more confused now - could you tell it to me straight? Why are these two billionaires having a secret meeting in the middle of the night?"

Mr. Artini looked at him in exasperation. "Why else, Chucky doll? Throughout history, why do two men, friends or foes, have a need to settle their differences? What can two men never compromise on?" He jerked his head towards the stadium, which from where they were standing, appeared like a golden arena for gladiators, its lights blazing brightly amidst the night's darkness.

"They want the same woman and neither of them wants to give up."

****

Damen Leventis waited wordlessly for Stavros to climb the last few flights of stairs leading to the topmost row of seats in the stadium. Made entirely of white marble, the stadium was the only one of its kind. It was also historic for being the place where individuals battled for personal glory and honor in the world's first modern Olympics.

That fact appeared uppermost in Stavros' mind when, upon reaching Damen's side, he remarked blandly, "Should I have brought my fencing sword, Damen?"

A mirthless smile slashed Damen's lips. "If that is your roundabout way of asking if I am giving up Mairi to you, then yes, you should have. But a fistfight would also do anytime."

Both men's faces were impassive as they considered each other's words.

"I respect your claim to her," Stavros said finally, "but I need to speak to her. Surely that is not asking much?"

An ironic laugh almost escaped Damen. Not much? It was obvious Stavros had never been in love. Perhaps he thought he had been with Mairi - a fact that bothered him immensely - but no, it had not been love. If it had been, then Stavros should know that anything that involved his woman and another man was too much.

If Stavros had been in love with Mairi, then surely he would know and understand the driving need inside him to keep Mairi under lock and key and prevent any other man from seeing her. She was the most beautiful girl to him. In his mind, it was always only a matter of time before a man in her company would fall in love with her.

Mairi Tanner, with her hopelessly optimistic ways, had made him - Damen Leventis, the man who supposedly did not feel - believe in love. What more the men who already knew the joy of giving one's heart to another?

"She is still stressed by what happened." It was a lie, of course. Stress didn't seem to be a word that existed in Mairi's vocabulary. Many times, Damen marveled at how happy she seemed, just because she was with him. It was a humbling thought, and one that made him even more possessive of her.

Stavros nodded curtly. "I understand. But I do intend to speak to her soon. I have searched for her for a very long time, Damen. I treasure our friendship, but I will not let it stand in my way."

Damen inclined his head in acknowledgment of his friend's words. "Just know," he said softly, "that I feel the same way. You have been a good friend to me all these years as well, Stavros. But it is Mairi who is most important to me."

They did not speak after, simply nodding at each other in understanding. To anyone else, they would have appeared almost like twins, both of them bearing a strong resemblance to the gods their ancestors worshipped. Whereas most men used fancy clothes and expensive haircuts to emphasize their superiority, both men were dressed in conservative dark suits, the kind that the expert eye would recognize as hand-sewn creations that cost more than an average person's annual wages.

Power clung to their hard strong bodies like second skin, and for those who knew the story unfolding between the two Greek billionaires, the realization that both men - out of the millions of women who would do anything to have their attention - wanted the same girl and a rather ordinary one at that, well - it was the stuff that dreams were made of.

****

It was six in the morning when Damen got back to his home and he went straight to his bedroom, where Mairi slept peacefully, dressed only in his shirt and panties. It made his heart ache. She had once told him that she had a hard time sleeping when he wasn't around and to comfort herself, she would wear his shirt just to have his scent close to her.

Seeing her legs bare was enough to have Damen hard. It used to surprise him, the way his body was so quickly aroused by almost anything that had to do with Mairi. He had never felt like this with any woman - and he had bedded so many. But then, he had never fallen in love with any of them.

Only Mairi had captured his heart. It was thus no longer so strange that she owned his body, too.

Damen spread thick blankets over her, and Mairi immediately huddled under it like a child. The unconscious action had Damen smiling. All the women he had dated had been calculating, always wanting to have their wares on display, even in their sleep.

Kissing her on the forehead, Damen quietly left their bedroom and went to his study, wanting to check his emails before joining Mairi in bed.

He worked through his emails steadily and only one of them made him pause. It was a report from the private investigator he had hired, succinctly written and pointing to one clear fact: Ioniko Vlahos still wasn't seen dating any other woman.

Considering the fact that Ioniko was one of Greece's most notorious playboys, the report was ultimately displeasing.

First Stavros, and then now Ioniko appeared to still be in the picture.

Sometimes, he could not help but consider how life would be a lot simpler if he had fallen for a gold digger. At least with gold diggers, he could be sure that his wealth alone, should it surpass Manolis' and Vlahos' fortunes, would keep a woman loyal. But with Mairi?

Damen was just not at all sure his love would be enough to prevent her from realizing that she deserved a far better man than him.

Chapter One

A week later

For a moment, she stood arrested behind the sliding glass doors, her heart hopelessly entranced by the man who worked behind the desk. Dark-haired and olive skinned, his stunning Mediterranean features were made more prominent by the whiteness of his shirt, its unbuttoned state revealing the wide muscular expanse of his chest.

The frown on his face made her own chest twinge. Even without him saying a word, she knew what was going on behind closed doors. There wasn't one article printed about the struggles that Damen Leventis now faced but she knew those problems existed, and it hurt that he was suffering for choosing to love her.

He had turned his back on the Kokinos family, who owned one of the most powerful and largest shipping empires in the world. And he had made an enemy out of them when he broke his engagement to the Kokinos heiress the same night he had declared his love for an American schoolteacher, a nobody who-

The gorgeous Greek billionaire seated behind the impressive looking mahogany desk looked up, his dark eyes unerringly finding her.

The nobody who loved him with all her heart.

If there was one thing in the world she could ask God for, Mairi thought wistfully, then it would be that Damen would always know she loved him more than anything else in the world. It was the silliest wish, but she wished it with all her heart.

He waved for her to come in, a small gesture that was commanding all the same because it came from a man who was completely used to being in power.

She quickly stepped forward within the range of the motion sensors and the glass doors slid open. By the time she had crossed the room, Mairi had already slipped into the role that was expected of her - or at least a role that she expected of herself.

This man had sacrificed so much for her.

The least she could do was be everything a woman in love should be.

Damen watched his lover gracefully walk towards him, carrying a tray that bore a cup of his favorite kind of coffee and a plate of Greek delicacies that he knew she had personally prepared for him as well.

She carefully placed the tray down on the coffee table, asking lightly, "Still busy?"

Damen closed the folder of the files he had been studying, all of them reflecting the downward trend of his company's stocks. "I'm never too busy for you," he said, beckoning for her to come close with one arm. When she was close enough, he pulled her swiftly towards him and captured her lips with a kiss.

Her arms went around his neck. His tension communicated itself to her, and wanting to relieve Damen of his stress, she pulled away, tiptoed, and whispered in his ear, "I have a request then." She was already red-faced by the time she finished speaking, the thought of what she was about to ask making her feel faint.

Sensing her embarrassment, he gazed down at her in puzzlement. "Whatever you want, I will give it to you." As he spoke the words, an insidious thought made its way to his mind, something so vile that he quickly pushed it away.

Mairi was squirming in his arms, and he welcomed the added distraction. Raising a brow, he asked, "Is it that hard to say?"

She wanted to tell him. She was sure he would be shocked, but she was sure he would be pleased, too. After all, he always loved it when she went wild for him.

Mairi opened her mouth.

Nothing came out.

She swallowed and tried again.

Nothing came out still.

In frustration, she grabbed his mobile phone and, clicking the browser open, typed a URL that had Damen's brow shooting up again. There were p**n sites and then there were p**n sites. The one Mairi had typed was something even he was not familiar with, and he was a man.

"Naughty, naughty girl," he murmured.

"Shut up," she mumbled without looking up, knowing she'd lose her nerve if she did. She clicked-

Damen choked. "You are serious?"

Mairi gulped. "Yes."

He made her look at him. "Why are you asking this of me?"

She said honestly, "I've always wanted to try it." What she wouldn't tell him was why she was asking him of it now, and she knew she wouldn't ever tell him the reason.

He said slowly, "You are sure?"

If she said no, Mairi knew he would accept it. But the heat in his eyes told her that doing so would cost Damen. He might not admit it now, but he was definitely enamored by her idea.

Mairi said faintly, "Just please be gentle?"

Her words made him shudder. "When you say that, I'm more inclined to be rough with you, matakia mou."

It was her turn to tremble, and she whispered, "When you say something like that, I kind of want you to be rough with me, too."

Damen groaned. Words. They were just f**king words and yet he was instantly hard as a rock, every cell in his body urging him to sink his c**k into her lush heat. Raking a hand through his hair, he gritted out, "One last time, Mairi. Are you sure?"

"Yes-"

There was no time to speak, Damen taking her lips once more the same time he scooped her up in his arms like she weighed no more than a feather. She closed her eyes, leaning her head against his chest as his lips released hers and moved down her neck. His hand was caressing her breast, teasing her nipple to life.

When she opened her eyes, they were already in their bedroom and Damen was lowering her onto the bed. He followed her right after, dealing swiftly with both of their clothes. This time, his gaze had become dangerously hot, making Mairi wonder nervously if she had perhaps bitten off more than she could chew.

"Damen-"

"No backing out now," he growled. He flipped her around and then arranged her limbs so that she found herself on all fours.

Oh, daaaaaamn.

Had she really asked Damen Leventis to take her ass?

She must have been crazy.

"Damen." His name came out as a whimper, but she wasn't sure if it was because she was terrified or excited.

"Ssssh..."

He settled over her, his chest pressing against her back, and the heavy weight of him made Mairi breathless. Was this it? Was she ready?

She tensed when he started to move, knowing it would hurt but unable to say anything to prevent it. She whimpered again when she felt Damen palming the cheeks of her ass, lovingly, possessively. One hand settled on the small of her back and pushed.

Mairi obeyed, lowering herself until she was practically flat on the bed while her ass was up in the air. He moved away from her and she started to breathe, only to feel his hands back on her ass. Her breath caught in her throat as Mairi felt Damen's fingers slowly prying the cheeks apart.

Ooooooooh-

"Relax," he whispered, just before using one finger to caress that tiny sensitive hole.

Mairi shuddered. She felt him moving back towards her and she tensed even more. Anytime now, anytime now-

Oh.

Damen's finger left her sensitive hole and instead found her clitoris from behind. She was already wet with anticipation, but with his fingers playing with her nub she became even more so. "Damen." She couldn't stop moaning his name, couldn't stop moving in response to the rhythm that his fingers set.

"More?" he asked in a purring voice.

She nodded, no longer able to stay coherent, not with his fingers sliding inside her, three of them at the same time. It was heaven and hell, the way those fingers of his could move so beautifully but never able to be as satisfying as the length and thickness of his cock.

Those tiny little gasps Mairi made had him aching all the way to his balls, but he controlled himself, knowing that if he did not he would only end up hurting her. He took his fingers out and used her own wetness to lubricate her other hole.

She moaned at his touch, and this time he knew she was more aroused than scared. Again, he leaned towards her, his chest against her back, close enough for Damen to reach one breast. Cupping her tender flesh, he squeezed her breast and teased her nipple the same time he slid one finger inside her other hole.

"Damen!" It hurt, the pain blazing, enough to have her feel like she was about to lose consciousness.

Pinching her nipple to have her gasp, he used the distraction to move his hand back down once more and teased her clitoris anew while keeping his finger inside her other hole.

Pain and pleasure battled inside her. It was impossible to forget the rawness of his penetration, but it was just as impossible to ignore the aching bliss of his fingers on her clit. She whimpered, she moaned, she cried, not knowing what she was begging Damen for. All she knew was that she couldn't take anymore-

"Damen!" His finger had started moving inside her other hole.

"It will be even better soon, darling." He spoke the words between clenched teeth, the sexy sounds Mairi was making enough to test his control. He f**ked her with his fingers from the other side, knowing that the sensation of being doubly penetrated would soon make her forget the pain.

In, out. In, out. Oh God, would it ever end? Would she want it to end? Please, please-

She didn't know when it happened or how. All Mairi knew was that her body craved his possession in a way it had never before.

And he knew it.

He pulled his finger out, and without giving her time to draw another breath, he pried her cheeks open and slid the head of his c**k in. Her moan blended with his groan, the pleasure taking them both by surprise.

She was tight, extremely so, more than he could have ever imagined. He wanted to move, wanted to sink deeper into her ass but he did his best to control his desires. Mairi was not just any girl. She was the woman he loved. He would rather slit his throat than have her hurt the tiniest bit once more.

The urge to move became stronger, and he dug his nails into the sides of her hips. He drew a breath-

And that was when he felt it.

Mairi, moving slightly back to bump against him, causing the entire head of his c**k to slide inside her.

She moaned, but this time he couldn't detect even the slightest thread of pain in it.

Or at least he didn't think he had. Dio, let it not be his imagination giving him an alibi to move. "Mairi," he said hoarsely. Perspiration covered his body, a result of his extreme efforts. "How do you feel now?"

Unable to make her throat work, Mairi could only push herself against him harder.

Fuck.

He did not imagine that.

Damen tried to keep his touch gentle as he pushed her down, silently commanding Mairi to flatten herself against the bed. She did so with a whimper, her hands clutching a part of the bedsheets between her fingers.

She was right to be scared.

Damen's hands returned to clasp her h*ps in a chain-like grip. No matter how much she'd wriggle or try to break free, Mairi knew it would be impossible now. No matter how much she begged, she knew Damen wouldn't let go of her now. And oh dear, but how that thrilled her-

"I'm going to ride you hard now, matakia mou."

Oh, oh, oh - did he really have to tell her that? Did he really want her to be even more nervous and tense as she waited for him to...to-

He withdrew, creating a popping sound as the immense head of his long and hard c**k came out of her ass.

Mairi gripped the bedsheets harder, her breaths coming in deep fast gulps-

Without warning, Damen pushed his c**k back in, fast, strong, and hard in a totally unexpected and absolutely possessive move.

Pain and pleasure ripped through Mairi, making her scream, but there was nowhere to go now. Damen had her in his possession, and he kept ramming into her, over and over, harder and faster, stronger than he had ever taken her.

His cock, its every movement and possession, soon became her world. Her eyelids drifted closed and her fingers tightened on the bedsheets as each thrust caused her br**sts to jiggle and squish against the bed.

He was so rough, so dominant, this Greek billionaire of hers, but she wouldn't want him any other way.

She gasped when he suddenly pressed close, her back against his chest. One hand went down, large fingers clasping hers on the bed while his other arm went around her waist, moving down to play with her clit.

Her eyes widened and her gasps became strangled, the way his fingers moved deftly over her cl*t causing Mairi's pleasure to spiral out of control.

"Oh, God, I can't-"

"I'm taking you every way, matakia mou."

The fierce tone of his voice caused her to twist her head so she could look at him.

And that was it.

He claimed her lips, his touch claimed her pu**y, and his c**k claimed her ass.

Tongue thrusting, fingers thrusting, and his c**k ramming into her.

HARD. HARD. OH, OH, OH, SOOOO HARD.

She screamed and sobbed her release against his mouth, her entire body shuddering against his as Damen proved true to his words.

She was his, in every way, and he was making sure she would never forget it.

****

When Mairi resurfaced, she was alone in their bed, Damen watching her idly as he stood next to the open doors of their bedroom's balcony, a dark silhouette against the bright sunlight.

He was, she noticed drowsily, dressed in a shirt and board shorts, and with sunglasses pushed up on his head. Too gorgeous to be true, she thought helplessly as butterflies fluttered in her stomach.

"Are you going out?" she asked.

He nodded. "Would you like to come with me?" He paused. "If you're not too busy trying to find work?"

She forced a laugh. "I can put it off," Mairi said airily. She would never ever tell him about the countless rejection letters she had received via her email, all of it proof that the Kokinos and Esther Leventis' threats about blacklisting her in Greece had not been just words.

Something that felt like distaste soured his tongue, but Damen ignored it, telling himself that there was nothing wrong about Mairi living the life of an idle billionaire's wife. For that was what she could be as the woman he loved.

Mairi asked awkwardly, "What about you? Don't you have work to do today?" There were so many questions she wanted to ask. What did his board have to say about the impact of his broken engagement on the planned merger between the two shipping empires? What measures had he taken to address the sliding prices of his company's stocks? Had he met with his publicist already and strategized about reputation management?

She wanted to ask so many more, but Mairi managed to hold her tongue. Damen Leventis was a proud man and she did not want him to think she was doubting his ability to solve his problems.

Was that all she was going to ask? Did she really care about him? And why were all these doubts surfacing now, when he had already made his bed and the whole world expected him to lie on it with his American schoolteacher?

Damen forced a smile. "You're marrying a billionaire, matakia mou. Have you forgotten that fact?"

Was it just her imagination or did his words seem...loaded? She shook the thought away. "My bad," she answered lightly. "I did forget that the great and mighty Damen Leventis is indeed one of the world's richest men."

Her exaggerated tone made him laugh.

Rolling her eyes at him, she asked, "But really, where are you going? Can I come with you?"

Chapter Two

One moment, Mairi was staring white-faced at their guides as they let her and Damen loose, the strong winds speeding up their ascent, her feet barely touching the floor of the speedboat. It felt like a giant invisible hand was pulling the parachute strapped to their backs. The next moment, they were flying-

"Aaaaaaah!"

Her Greek billionaire, gorgeous, sexy jerk that he was, simply laughed in the face of her fear.

Ignoring Damen, Mairi slowly opened her eyes, looking down to see how high off the ground they were.

Too high.

She closed her eyes again. What she had gotten herself into? And why, oh why had she been silly enough to think she could do parasailing-

"Matakia mou," a sweetly dark voice murmured. "Open your eyes."

Ah, yes, now she remembered.

It was because Damen Leventis had wanted to do this with her, and Mairi could not resist anything he asked.

One strong hand cupped her cheek, stroking the soft skin gently. "Come on, Mairi."

Strong winds continued to whip them from behind, making her feel like they were going to be blown away anytime. Her feet dangled in the air, and after what she had seen, Mairi did not like to think about how much air there was between them and the ocean.

And yet-

That voice.

It was the most beautiful sound on earth.

She opened her eyes and stared straight into his. "I. Hate. You."

Damen laughed again.

Ah, dear Lord, would she never tire of hearing that sound?

Damen Leventis was not the man who laughed easily or often. But that he did so with her - even if it was usually Damen laughing at her - never failed to make...

His eyes moved down briefly before returning to her face. "Your toes are curling," he remarked, a sly smile that was also irritatingly sexy forming on his thin beautiful lips.

"It's because I hate you."

His knuckles brushed her cheek once more in response. "Do you really?"

He was blatantly seducing her.

And she was, darn it, happy to be seduced.

"I-" Her words were cut off by a sudden loud creaking sound from one of the metal chains that kept them connected to their parachutes.

Damen saw Mairi's face turn white.

Knowing she was seriously scared now, he asked tautly, "Mairi, look at me."

She raised fear-darkened eyes to him.

Ah, shit. Why had he thought to take her parasailing when she was clearly scared out of her mind? What an ass**le he was. This vacation on Crete was supposed to be an unforgettable memory for them, not a f**king nightmare for her.

"You're safe with me." He spoke in a quiet and firm voice, an unconscious reminder that he was her rock and he would do anything to protect her.

She nodded, the movement slight.

"I'm going to wave to the guides now," he told her. "I'll get them to reel us down-"

Mairi quickly shook her head. "No, I'm okay. Just..." She smiled weakly. "Talk to me while we're here?"

"Talk...to you?"

"It could be anything. I feel..." Color stained her cheeks as she mumbled, "I won't be so scared if I hear you talking."

Ah, f**k.

How quickly she could disarm him, her words something that not even the most professional gold digger could ever say convincingly. When she said things like that to him, when she looked like that at him, Damen's cynicism disappeared like it had never existed.

When she was this f**king sweet, the past would come back to him but they were not memories that haunted Damen's mind. Instead, they worked like f**king sunlight, making him remember that the person in front of him was no ordinary girl.

This was Mairi.

The girl who had never stopped loving him, not even when the whole world believed he loved another woman.

"Sometimes, matakia mou, I hate you, too."

Mairi's eyes widened, her face paling even more.

"I hate that with so few words, you have me twisted in knots. I hate that just by looking at you, I feel scared like I have never been scared before. I'm f**king terrified that one day you will wake up..." An ironic smile flitted over his hard, handsome face. "...and wise up to the fact that you've fallen in love with a bastard."

As he paused, there was no other sound apart from the gentle whistling tune of the dying winds. Around them were blue skies, dotted by fluffs of white clouds and emerald peaks of mountains that rose proudly from the islands' powdery white sands and turquoise waters.

Surrounded by such breathtaking beauty, the ugly memories of the past faded. Here, there were no sleazy reporters hounding them, no contemptuous gazes accusing them of infidelity - no one to tell them that they were not meant for each other.

Damen wiped the single tear that trailed down Mairi's cheek. "Are you crying because I hate you so much?"

She nodded.

"And if I ask you to marry me," he asked unevenly, "because I want to keep hating you for the rest of our lives-"

Mairi's lips parted in shock, disbelief written all over her face.

Uncertainty and fierce need turned his voice rough. "Will you marry me, Mairi?"

She stared at him.

"Mairi?"

Her lips tightened.

"Mairi?" he growled again even as he started to feel sick to his stomach. She would answer yes, of course. She loved him, didn't she? And if she said no, it might just be because she was acrophobic and was not thinking too clearly.

Below them, the guides were waving at Damen and Mairi, indicating that their fifteen minutes were up and they would be reeled back down to the speedboat slowly.

Mairi was still staring at him.

What if...what if she was just staring at him because she couldn't find the words to tell him he was asking too soon? He tensed at the thought. Was it too soon?

He swallowed thickly. "Mairi, if you..." If you say no, I don't think there's any point in living? Too f**king sappy even if it was true.

Their feet grazed the surface of the water.

Everyone could see them now. If she said no now, everyone would know, too.

He took a deep breath-

"Whoa!" the guide exclaimed as he and his companions pulled on the ropes to make sure Damen and Mairi didn't crash into the roofed area of the speedboat. They worked fast afterwards, untying and unlocking to release them from the parachute.

And then they were free.

Mairi threw herself into his arms, surprising Damen so much that he found himself falling and landing on his back, Mairi on top of him.

In a rush, she told him, "I couldn't answer earlier because I was airsick and I was in serious danger of throwing up on you if I opened my mouth and if that happened, that would be so gross since just earlier I ate an entire bottle of fresh olives and oh my God what if I threw up all those olives on you-"

His head reeled, but before he could make sense of her rambling answer she was already kissing him. "Yes, Damen," she whispered, her eyes shining so brightly it made Damen swallow. "Yes, yes, yes."

Chapter Three

It was a rainy day when they flew back home, with the many calls coming from Damen's headquarters in Athens forcing them to cut their vacation short. And yet, although their flight had not been planned at all, the paparazzi was in full force when Damen's private jet landed.

Her phone beeped as the crew opened the jet's main door and she and Damen stood in front of it, waiting for the ground staff to roll the mobile staircase towards them. Checking her phone, Mairi saw that it was from Aunt Norah. You look good on TV.

She automatically forced a smile on her lips, knowing that the message was a subtle reminder from her aunt to stay strong, or at least look strong in public.

"We hope you had a pleasant flight, Mr. Leventis, Ms. Tanner."

Mairi nodded her thanks, her stomach queasy at the thought of once again coming in close contact with the press. Damen squeezed her hand. "Just stick close to me. Do not look at them, do not talk to them, and it will be fine."

She nodded. It was all she could manage.

They came down, Damen moving steadily and confidently and Mairi doing her best to keep a calm appearance. Alina Kokinos would have done so much better than Mairi if she was the one in this position, Mairi thought miserably.

The flash coming from the press' huge camera bulbs was so blindingly bright Mairi had to shield her gaze against them, forgetting the fact that the hand she was using to protect her eyes was-

Seeing what his fiancee had just done, Damen smirked and pulled Mairi close to him. "You've done it," he told her.

"Done what?"

The shit hit the fan.

As Mairi and Damen got off the last step of the jet's staircase, everyone started trying to outshout each other with their questions.

"WHEN DID YOU GET ENGAGED?"

"WHAT MADE YOU CHOOSE MS. TANNER OVER THE KOKINOS HEIRESS?"

"IS SHE THAT GOOD IN BED?"

"WHAT DOES IONIKO VLAHOS HAVE TO SAY ABOUT YOUR ENGAGEMENT?"

Mairi stumbled at Ioniko's name and the reporters tried to press forward like hounds sensing a kill, wanting to capture any kind of look on Mairi's face. But Damen had schooled her well, and she kept her face down, not looking at any of them.

If only, she thought wistfully, she could be as cool as Damen. How did he do it, walking like it was normal to wear dark glasses on a rainy day? It didn't make sense but he made it look like it was the fashionable thing to do.

As they neared the limousine, one of the reporters shouted, "Do you think your sister approves of your wedding?"

Mairi paled at the question.

"What about your potential brother-in-law, Stavros Manolis-"

Mairi's head snapped towards the press at the last question.

Click.

Damen hauled her back to his side. "Ignore them," he said harshly as he tried to keep pace with Mairi, doing his best not to cause her to run towards the limousine waiting for them at the end of the tarmac. Would he cause another scandal if he simply swept her up in his arms? Probably, Damen thought, but right now he was close to not caring.

When they were inside the limousine, Damen and Mairi sat apart on the same side. He waited for her to say something.

She didn't.

Stavros Manolis. Mairi was in a daze. Could it be the same man? She turned to Damen, seeking answers to the jumbled questions in her mind, her instincts telling her that if there was something she could not solve, Damen could and would help her with it.

The look of entreaty on Mairi's face made Damen want to curse. She was silently asking questions he did not want her to ask, but when she looked at him like he was her f**king knight - even after everything - Damen knew he would do whatever she damn asked, even if it meant having his heart on a platter.

"Stavros Manolis was there at the school when I broke my engagement to Alina."

For once, the name of the girl who once had the right to stand next to Damen did not make her wince, Mairi's attention completely focused on the name that she hadn't ever expected to hear again in connection with her.

Gazing unseeingly down at her lap, she said slowly, "I knew of a Stavros Manolis once-"

"He is the same Stavros that you know of."

Her head jerked up. "How could you know?"

He shrugged, lying, "I saw him at the school. There was something on his face that told me he knew you."

He waited for her to continue from there, to let him know about her past with Manolis, but she didn't. Finally he asked, "What are your plans for today?" The guilty look that darted towards him made Damen's fists clench. She had been so lost in her thoughts of another man she had f**king forgotten he, Damen Leventis, was here with her.

Mairi mumbled, "I'm going to, umm, work out." Exercise had become therapeutic, the way things that used to be confusing became suddenly clear by the time she had run herself to the ground. And this time, she was more confused than ever but Damen probably wouldn't like knowing that.

She was trying to hide her thoughts from him. Damen knew her too well for it to work, but it was a fact Mairi would not likely believe because of their short and pain-filled past.

He heard himself saying, "I'll work out with you."

Her surprised gaze flew to him. "Y-you will?"

Damen answered with a careless shrug, "I don't see why not. I do not have anything scheduled for the day."

She blurted out, "But you hate working out with me."

Color stained his hard high-boned cheeks. "I did not exactly say that-"

"You practically did then," she said, still bemused at Damen's unexpected announcement. "The last time we jogged, you told me I was slower than a turtle."

"I meant it like an endearment-"

"And the last time we went to the gym and I was on the treadmill, you told me that I didn't know how to run properly-"

"Your br**sts shook too much-"

Mairi threw her hands up. "How can I stop them from shaking?"

Knowing full well he had been and was still being unreasonable about the topic concerning her br**sts - which really shook too much, making the sight exceptionally arousing for any man - Damen said flatly instead, "Just tell me if you do not care for my company."

At the words, Mairi snapped her mouth shut with a sigh.

He was so sly.

"You know I always want to be with you," Mairi mumbled.

And again, he was disarmed.

She was so sly.

Wordlessly, Damen closed the distance between them and his hand clasped her nape. When she turned towards him, his lips took hers in a kiss that soothed whatever had to be soothed. For once, passion didn't flare up, the kiss remaining sweet and tender between them.

Even so, when Damen lifted his head, her eyes were wide with wonder and she said dreamily, "Hi."

He laughed.

She really was so sly, the way she got under his skin all the time, but he was not complaining.

"Hi," he said huskily. "We're okay now, matakia mou?"

She nodded, a dreamy expression still on her face.

"Good. We'll work out as you planned." She nodded in the same obedient manner, making him laugh. "It will not be a problem to appreciate this submissive part of you."

"Anything you want," she told him.

His gaze became hooded, Damen being ruthless enough not to let that promise slip by. "Anything?"

She nodded dutifully.

"Good. Then you will tell me about Stavros, won't you?"

Chapter Four

"So we were in high school..." Her voice bounced off the walls of the vast basement gym, its decor and range of state-of-the-art exercise equipment at par with the world's most popular fitness centers.

The words caused a rather inelegant snort to come out from Damen Leventis, a Greek billionaire who used to be famous for his irreproachable manners.

Seated on the floor, knees pulled up, Mairi shook her head in exasperation at the sound, her ponytail bouncing as she did. "I haven't even said anything about him!"

Damen's broad shoulders moved in an arrogant shrug. Crouching down on one knee, he said with a grunt, "Just get on with the story." Positioning himself to assist Mairi with her sit-ups, he placed his hands on her feet, applying a small amount of pressure.

This close, she couldn't help but gape. He wore nothing but jersey shorts and trainers, making him a mouthwateringly sexy sight that even now kept Mairi's throat dry. All those rippling muscles and golden skin...

Did he really think she would be able to work out properly when he looked like that?

When Mairi didn't respond, Damen glanced up and caught her staring.

She blushed, immediately averting her gaze, but it was too late.

Damen said wickedly, "Maybe you're in the mood for another kind of exercise?"

She shook her head.

"You're sure?" He caressed her knees.

The simple move had her jerking. "Damen! I really need to work out!" She had gained a few pounds after vacationing with him for only a week.

With a reluctant sigh, he released her sensitive knees and went back to holding her feet down. Mairi had a tendency to cheat when doing sit-ups, with her feet lifting off the floor to take away some of the pressure on her abs.

"Start working out then and," he added gruffly, "-while you're at it, tell me about the man from your past." Damen knew he needed to f**king hear her story about Manolis like a hole in the head, but he also knew that he would never be at peace until he heard it straight from Mairi.

She protested, "He's not what you make him sound." Why did he insist on making it sound like she had this wild teenage affair with her old classmate?

Damen pushed her back on the floor, a hard look on his beautiful face. "Get on with it."

With a frustrated sigh, Mairi clenched her abs and started her sit-ups. "So, Stavros was a Greek billionaire like you..."

As he watched her move gracefully up and down, her br**sts once again shaking like a damn invitation for f**king, he heard himself say, "And so you fell in love with him because of that?"

Mairi paused midway, hands clasped behind her head. "Damen!"

He moved forward and surprised her with a hot open-mouthed kiss, which was over all too soon, leaving her blinking.

The kiss calmed him somewhat, working like a reminder that no matter what happened in the past, it was his ring that the beautiful Mairi Tanner wore and she was by his side where she belonged.

"I won't interrupt you anymore," he said magnanimously.

She snorted.

Damen raised a brow, a silent remark at how uncouth she was with the sound she was making. It was as if he hadn't made the same sound himself, the jerk! She shook her head. Too bad she was in love with him, even with him being a jerk.

With a sigh, she continued, "Anyway, Stavros and I became friends because we bonded over, well, Greek mythology lessons."

"How...sweet."

She tried not to laugh. Never had she heard the words spoken with such disdain, like sweet was synonymous to days-old shit.

"So...we were really just friends but unfortunately, there was this girl in my class who didn't believe it. She got really jealous and spread nasty rumors about me that caused my expulsion."

"And Manolis did not keep you from being expelled?"

"It happened too fast and everything was decided in a day."

"But if he was the reason-"

"He was not the reason why I was expelled, Damen." Mairi's voice was gentle but firm. "It was the other girl who chose to misinterpret things, her blindness and jealousy that made her see something between us that didn't exist." She looked at him straight in the eye. "I don't blame him for what happened. It's not his fault."

"How...forgiving."

This time she couldn't help but laugh, the way Damen's lip curled at the last word, making it sound like she had just announced her intention to attend church wearing an outfit Lady Gaga would be proud of.

Biting her lip, she said, "So earlier, when those reporters-"

Deciding that a distraction was called for, Damen crouched down on both knees and whipped her shirt off after.

She forgot what she was about to say. "Damen!"

But he wasn't done, quickly whipping her sports bra over her head and tossing it aside as well.

Mairi immediately crossed her arms over her chest. "What do you think you're doing?"

He looked at her innocently. "It's a new way to exercise."

She choked. "Exercise with my top off?"

"Yes." He gently pushed her back on the floor, making sure that her hands were clasped behind her head once more. This left her br**sts completely bared to his appreciative gaze. He took his time studying it, and soon her pretty rosy ni**les hardened in response.

"Stop staring," she begged him.

"Never." This time he pried her legs apart so he could kneel between them. Bending down, he took one nipple in, sucking hard and loud, not stopping until he heard her moan.

At the sound, he released her nipple and bent back. "Now do your sit-ups, darling."

Her eyes whitened. "Like this?"

Damen purred, "Let my kiss be your incentive."

Oh my God.

It was an incentive she could never...resist.

She forced herself up, Damen obediently sucking her nipple passionately every time her nipple came close to his mouth.

Up, suck, down. Up, suck, down. Up, suck, down.

She was so wet by the time she had finished one set. Dimly, she heard a rustling sound. Her eyes fluttered open.

Damen was naked.

Oh my God-

In a move that was so fast she was left blinking, he dispensed with the rest of her gym attire, leaving her as na**d as he was.

Oh my God-

He said thickly, "Again, sweetheart."

When she forced herself up once more, he moved her h*ps down and his c**k slid into her pu**y, which welcomed his thickness wetly, snugly.

The routine became more complicated, more arousing, guaranteed to drive her insane. She moved up, and he would thrust in the same time his mouth captured her nipple, alternating between both br**sts.

Up, thrust, suck, down.

"Damen." She couldn't take it anymore, her arms curving around his neck as her legs went around his waist. "Take me." She sounded near tears. She was begging him. And she didn't care.

Chuckling, he whispered into her ear, "Done exercising?"

She answered with a sob and a nod.

Tightening his hold around her, he thrust up and hard into her. Hands clasping her waist, he bounced her up and down on his cock. Each thrust had her reeling, pushing her further and further towards that place of no return.

Taking her mouth in a kiss, he whispered against her lips, "You're mine, aren't you, Mairi?"

She shuddered at the words, and she completely lost it when his fingers slid between their bodies to tease her pleasure nub and stimulate her into orgasm. She came as she cried out, "Yours. Always, always, always yours."

****

Always, always, always yours.

The words played in her mind as she found herself drifting closer to sleep, Damen carrying her to their bed. As Damen temporarily left her, she fumbled for her phone out of habit, checking her messages.

There was one message that had her heart beating madly and she quickly typed, Yes, I understand. 10AM sharp.

And then she heard footsteps and quickly deleted the message.

Damen asked as he joined her in bed, "Someone texted you?"

"Just my aunt," she lied, her heart beating madly again, but for a different reason this time.

Always, always, always yours.

The words mocked Damen in his mind as he watched his fiancee sleep. He reached for her phone and checked her inbox.

The only message on her inbox was indeed from aunt but it was sent hours ago, and something she had already replied to.

He looked back at Mairi, his face drawn.

Have you ever been mine, matakia mou?

Chapter Five

Velvet: Stop torturing yourself with these stupid applications.

Mairi winced at her friend's words, but before she could answer it, another reply came in.

Mandy: What she means is that you're going to be Damen's wife now. You really don't need to work, and if you do want to work then you can afford to wait for a job you love.

Mairi: You don't understand. I NEED to do this. I don't want anyone to think I'm freeloading or anything.

Velvet: If he thinks you're a gold digger-

Mairi: He doesn't think I'm a gold digger, but others do or could think I am. And that's why I need to find a job ASAP.

Mandy: I hate to say this, but I don't think that's possible.

Her fingers paused midway while typing as Mandy's answer popped up. Mairi hated to think her practical but tactful friend was right, but Mandy probably was. All fifty-two rejection emails in her inbox were proof of it.

Esther Leventis and the Kokinos family made a formidable opponent.

No employer had stated outright that they were avoiding hiring her as a consequence of Damen's decision to break off his engagement. But anyone who read between the lines would know it was the reason no school or company in Greece was willing to touch her with a ten-foot pole.

Velvet: Mairi?

The tiny beep from Skype had Mairi jerking and she looked down at her phone's screen blankly.

Mandy: Are you okay? Want us to come wherever you are?

Her friend's question had Mairi hastily typing a reply.

Mairi: No, I'm good. I was just trying to rehearse my answers for the interview.

She paused, thinking, then started typing again.

Mairi: I have to go now. I'm being called for the interview. Catch up with you two later!

She quickly signed out from Skype, knowing that her abruptness might not just confuse her friends but hurt them, too. Despite knowing that, Mairi knew limiting contact with them was for the best.

The tabloids had taken to calling her Greece's Most Famous Mistress, and the fact that she already had Damen's ring on her finger didn't seem to change their opinions about her. If the rumors were to be believed, Mairi was a professional con artist from America who had cold-bloodedly used her teaching job to find a billionaire to target and seduced him with her Mata Hari skills in bed.

Absolutely no way would she ever let her friends be embroiled in her trouble, and they would be if the paps caught a picture of them together. If it came to that, her friends might also be dismissed-

"Ms. Tanner?"

Realizing belatedly that Dean Frangos had finally arrived in his office, Mairi nervously scrambled to her feet. In her haste, she wasn't able to prevent her iPhone from sliding off her lap and red-faced, Mairi bent down once more.

The position caused her pencil-line skirt to ride up, and the sight of her long bare legs made the dean wet his lips. Cleon Frangos had known that Mairi Tanner had been waiting for him at his office since eight. It was near lunchtime now, and yet she was still here.

If she truly was a mistress to Damen Leventis, then she would not have cared to wait for so long for such a low-paying job in his faculty.

But that she had-

Lust had his groin aching, his small fat dick swelling into unimpressive proportions at the thought of being able to make a young and beautiful girl like Mairi Tanner his to command.

When Mairi looked up, pale and even more apprehensive, there was nothing on the dean's face to reveal his thoughts. His secretary Eugenia had a similarly bland look. She, too, suffered from her employer's advances but said nothing about it, knowing that Cleon held a lot of clout. Going against him would mean losing her job, and that she could not afford.

His tone deliberately brusque, Cleon muttered, "Follow me inside, Ms. Tanner." As he turned, he told his secretary, "I do not wish us to be disturbed in any way."

Eugenia nodded even as she suffered a pang of conscience. Those words did not bode well for Ms. Tanner.

The younger woman glanced her way before following the dean into his office, her lips forming a shy but friendly smile that said, Old curmudgeons would always be old curmudgeons.

Shit, but this woman was too nice.

Eugenia wanted to speak up, but the thought of her two young kids flashed through her mind. What would happen to them if she lost her job?

Swallowing, Eugenia gave the other girl a curt nod.

Mairi Tanner's smile faded.

Eugenia looked away. When Mairi went inside the office, Eugenia slowly took her seat again. As she reached for her pen, she realized her hand was shaking.

She was not doing the right thing. But...with her kids' futures on the line, who would tell her it was wrong?

****

Mairi pressed her clammy hands on her lap, wishing they weren't so wet. Dean Frango was her last hope. He was the only one who acquiesced to give her an interview. If she did not get this job, then-

She mentally shook the depressing thought away. No. She wouldn't think like that. She just had to be strong, had to have more hope, and things would be better for her.

"Ms. Tanner?" He was seated next to her on the couch. It was a strange arrangement for an interview, but she didn't dare say a word about it.

"Yes, sir?"

"I will not beat around the bush. The fact that you have been expelled from GAYL and the circumstances surrounding your dismissal-" Cleon clucked his tongue. "It doesn't paint a good picture of you."

"I know, sir," she said quietly. "But all I can say is that those circumstances were unique and special - it won't happen again."

"Because you are engaged to Damen Leventis?" The news had made today's headlines but unfortunately he had not known about it until he came into his office minutes ago and saw Mairi's face on the newspaper's front page.

If she was indeed about to marry Damen Leventis, then this was all for nothing, Cleon thought with bitter disappointment. He had a healthy fear of the Kokinos but even more so of the head of the Leventis empire. He had no problems believing that Damen was the type of man to have him murdered if he so much as looked at his woman the wrong way.

"The press misunderstood," Mairi lied and chose that exact time to tuck her hair behind her ear, a way of drawing attention to her ring-less fingers. She did not want this job if it was only being offered because she was about to marry Damen Leventis. She never wanted him to be in a compromising position because of her again.

His dick throbbed at her words. Chuckling, Freon could now afford to joke, "So that rock you wore that got photographed by the reporters was more like a parting gift?"

She nodded, not wanting to add to her lies.

"That's good."

Mairi suddenly had a bad feeling. "Sir-"

He licked his lips, his eyes moving slowly down towards her br**sts and staying there. His gaze alone was enough to make her feel dirty. "We can come to an understanding then-"

Fear caused a temporary paralysis to take hold of her body. "No, I'm sorry, this is not what I want-"

He answered with a cruel laugh, "Don't worry. I can make you want it." He unbuttoned his pants. "Just give it a try..."

Chapter Six

"Welcome home!" Mairi's voice was bright and perky as she greeted Damen the moment he came through the front door. A second later, she was hurtling herself into his arms, her arms tightening around his neck.

The extremely warm welcome pleased him, but it also bemused him, leaving Damen looking down at Mairi with a faintly puzzled smile. "You make me feel like I have been gone for months, matakia mou."

It did feel like that, Mairi thought painfully. She had showered three times, even used Damen's credit card for the first time to pay for a mind-bogglingly expensive fee for a spa treatment, but she still felt unclean.

Sensing Damen's curious regard but unable to speak, Mairi just hugged him more tightly. She knew now was the best time to tell Damen about Dean Frangos' degrading proposition to her, but she also knew she would do everything she could to prevent Damen from learning about it.

Damen's lips touched her hair. "I missed you, too." He gently pulled her away from him. "Now, what have you been up to while I was at work?"

"Nothing," Mairi managed to quip. "Just enjoying life as a billionaire's fiancee." She turned away then, thus missing the look of disquiet on Damen's face. As she headed to the kitchen, which was a good distance away considering how palatial his Athens' home was, she asked over her shoulder, "Would you like to grab something to eat?"

"Only if you join me," he said after a beat. He hated how his thoughts were often filled with doubt and suspicion. Following Mairi to the kitchen, he wondered if his money had indeed changed Mairi and if it had, was it truly for the worse?

She loved him. That he was completely certain of. Was it wrong that she had so quickly gotten used to being able to spend his money as well or be used to the comfort and luxury that came with it?

"Damen?"

He looked up, realizing that he had been standing at the doorway all this time with a frown on his face. He moved forward, summoning a penitent smile. "I am sorry. I was thinking about work."

She waited for him to speak about it, but he didn't. As he sat on one of the stools surrounding the breakfast counter, she asked softly, "Would you like to talk about it?"

A shuttered expression fell over his face. "It is nothing." He would never let Mairi know how much his decision to love her was costing him. The entire business world might be laughing at him behind his back, but Damen knew whatever he lost was worth having Mairi by his side.

His voice was curt and dismissive, and she took the warning to heart. Did he think she was too stupid to understand the way his business worked? Biting her lip, she prayed silently that Damen didn't think he was engaged to a ninny.

The microwave sounded off behind her, and trying not to sound relieved at the chance to change the subject, she said cheerfully, "The pasta's ready."

The smell was delightful, and the taste even more so. After enjoying a forkful of the pasta, he was impressed enough to say, "It's very good - enough for me to wonder if perhaps you'd like to start a restaurant?"

"A restaurant?"

He said smoothly, "It won't mean you have to work every day. You'll simply be in charge of creating a menu and setting the overall theme."

A restaurant...

Only Greek billionaires like Damen Leventis would think that opening a restaurant and putting a schoolteacher in charge of it was an investment worth risking, Mairi thought dazedly. "I don't think I'm ready for that kind of undertaking." If she failed, it would mean causing him to lose thousands of euros - or even hundreds of thousands, and she wasn't ready for that kind of failure just yet.

"Well, it was just a thought." He paused. "In case you become bored with your life."

"Oh, I'll never be bored." Her lips curved into another smile. "You're with me, Damen. It's all I ask for."

He shook his head. "You never fail to surprise me, with how open you are about your feelings."

Her smile almost faltered. She wasn't as open as he thought she was. There were so many things she had yet to tell him, but her love for Damen made her scared to risk it.

After dinner, they went straight to the bedroom, Mairi waiting in bed while Damen took a shower. Her iPhone sounded a beep, indicating a new email.

Congratulations! You have successfully passed our test. We will start sending you writing assignments tomorrow at the rate of $.002 per word or $1 per 500-word article.

Hearing the door of the en-suite bathroom open, Mairi quickly deleted the message before looking up at Damen. "Feel more relaxed now?"

Deciding not to comment on how flustered she seemed, he answered casually, "Yes." Joining her in bed, Damen wordlessly pulled her into his arms and took her lips for a kiss.

Her receipt of his kiss was as passionate as before, enough to assuage his doubts. For now.

They did not make love that night, but Mairi did not seem to mind, falling asleep in his arms almost right away. Even in her slumber, she appeared...uneasy, an unhappy frown furrowing her forehead. Quietly, Damen reached past Mairi for her iPhone.

He scanned her messages, but again there was nothing new from the past few minutes. His face became grim.

What are you hiding from me, matakia mou?

Chapter Seven

Late afternoon the next day, Mairi was so excited she pumped her fist in the air, feeling beyond ecstatic. It was a cry that rang throughout the entire National Library of Greece, whose vastness was made even more impressive by its ornately designed columns, glass ceilings, and shelves that were so high Mairi's neck had gotten a crick when she had first glimpsed it.

The librarian, who was unfortunately stacking books in a nearby shelf, looked at her in disapproval. "Quiet," the woman hissed in Greek.

Oh, drat. She had forgotten she was one) in a public library and two) in disguise.

Mumbling an apology, Mairi slid further down in her seat, hoping she hadn't stupidly blown her cover with her not-exactly-subtle cry of triumph. After arranging her bangs to make sure they covered half of her face, she pushed her large aviator glasses back up. It had been surprisingly difficult typing with dark glasses on, but she had needed to be 100% sure no one would recognize her here.

Mairi glanced back at her screen, and again she couldn't help but grin. Twenty articles for the day. That meant $20! If she kept this up, she could have $200 in ten days - enough to buy something really nice for Damen when they celebrated their first month together.

"Mairi?"

The voice was familiar, and she looked up, her jaw dropping when she saw Ioniko Vlahos standing before her, a slight smile playing on his lips. He looked as gorgeous and sophisticated as ever, stunningly fashionable in a way her own extremely conservative Greek billionaire couldn't be and preferred not to be.

"H-hi." She stammered the word out even as she wondered in a panic what he was doing here. Oh my God, what if people started putting one and one together and realize that-

"Relax," Ioniko said calmly as he seated himself opposite her. "I have my security team on watch. No one will even be able to open their Twitter accounts without my security team knowing."

Mairi blinked. "Is that really possible?"

He shrugged, saying simply, "If you have enough money, yes."

And of course he had enough money, being a Greek billionaire himself.

But still...

Her discomfort communicated itself to Ioniko, and never able to stand seeing Mairi less than happy, he asked gently, "Are you worried about what Damen would think?"

"It's not that..." She stopped when she saw Ioniko pulling out his phone and dialing a number.

Seeing her confused look, he said, "I'm calling Leventis."

She gaped. "What-why-no!"

But it was apparently too late as Ioniko spoke. "Yes, it's me, Ioniko. I am here with your lovely woman. I'm sure you know where she is. Oh, she's safe with me."

He paused.

Mairi could imagine Damen succinctly cursing him and winced at the image.

Ioniko spoke again. "And yet, I am the one with her, not you. But by all means, come here and get your woman. I will keep her company while you are not by her side." He ended the call.

"Ioniko!" She was badly tempted to laugh and cry at the same time, incredulous at the way he had baited Damen on the phone. But when he winked at her, she couldn't help giggling.

"You're evil," Mairi told him.

"He must be reminded now and then not to take you for granted."

She protested right away, "He doesn't take me for granted."

Ioniko simply shrugged.

Looking at him, she had a feeling that this was no chance meeting. Also, she was in a public library. It was not exactly the kind of venue where Greek billionaires typically hung out.

"Mairi, you figured out I am here for a reason, yes?"

She nodded. There was a sick feeling in her stomach, and she wondered why that was so. Ioniko Vlahos would never hurt her. She was as sure of that as she was sure of her own name. But somehow, she felt nervous and she started playing with her pen, trying to keep herself calm.

"Mairi, I heard some troubling news."

"Oh?" She tried to sound surprised and not terrified, but her voice broke at the end.

"A handful of my acquaintances informed me that you have been sending applications to every school in the city-" He paused, trying to figure out how to say the rest. But there was no way to get around it and with a pained expression on his face, Ioniko continued, "-and that every application has been rejected."

She gripped her pen hard, her knuckles turning white. The words were humiliating and she couldn't meet Ioniko's gaze as she asked in a low, shamed whisper, "Does Damen know?"

"You know what they say, Mairi. The people concerned are often the last to know, and in this case that person is Leventis."

Relief had her trembling. "Thank God."

Ioniko was disbelieving. "Then he truly does not know?"

"I don't want him to know," she said fiercely. "I read Greek as well as you do, Ioniko. I know what the papers say. I don't need people laughing at him for another reason. They already think he's crazy for choosing me over Alina Kokinos, and now they're going to pity Damen if they find out that no school in the country wants to hire me." A thought occurred to her, and her horrified gaze flew to Ioniko. "If you've heard about this, does it mean that the media will pick up on it soon?"

"If you continue doing it-"

Mairi quickly shook her head, almost giddy as she said, "Then I'm safe." Giving him a hesitant smile, she said, "I've already found a job."

The words came as a surprise to Ioniko. He did not think there would be a soul in Greece brave enough to go against the Kokinos and Esther Leventis combined. Of course, he had planned to do just that by helping Mairi, but then again, he had more power than most people.

"Who hired you?"

"It's an online job. Not teaching, I'm afraid, but copywriting, which is close enough."

As she told him more about her work, Ioniko became enraged, snapping, "That is not a job. It's slavery."

"It's a good and decent job, and right now it's all I care about."

He shook his head. "For God's sake, if that's the only job you can get, come work for me instead!"

She had expected the offer but was still touched by it. Even so, Mairi said softly, "You know I can't accept your offer."

He countered aggressively, "You can secretly work for me online then."

She looked paler and weaker than she should be and yet when she spoke, it was in a quiet voice, not sounding proud, humble, or self-pitying. "Ioniko, thank you for the offer, but you know I can't accept any kind of help from you. It would be disloyal to Damen." She spoke the words like they were a fact - like her love for Damen Leventis was a fact of life, and in that moment she had never seem so beautiful in Ioniko's eyes.

"Is everything worth this, Mairi?" His voice became savage. "If he truly loves you, shouldn't he know about how you are suffering now?"

When she didn't answer, he wanted to shake her. What the f**k had Damen Leventis done to deserve her? And what the f**k could he do to make Mairi realize Ioniko would be able to take better care of her?

When Ioniko didn't answer, Mairi couldn't help but look at him, fearing that she had angered him in some way. But instead of disapproval or anger, there was another emotion on his face. It was something she didn't want to label, and it was intense enough to have her blinking back unexpected tears.

"Ioniko..." Her voice wavered.

The fragile note in Mairi's name caused a wave of helpless rage to wash over him. He was Ioniko f**king Vlahos, the head of his own billion-dollar empire, and yet fate had rendered him powerless to help the one woman who had affected him in a way that no other woman had been able to.

He still was not sure if he was truly in love with her, but he was close to it - and that was enough.

"If you do not want me to fight for you then you must look strong in front of me, Mairi Tanner," Ioniko said quietly. "You must look strong and happy that you have indeed chosen Damen Leventis over me. That you do not regret loving Damen Leventis." His voice hardened. "Because if you continue looking the way you look now, you tempt me to go back on my word and try to steal you away."

She wanted to look away. Oh God, she felt blessed and cursed at the same time. She was no one - nothing extraordinary about her that could have explained why she had the loyalty of someone like Ioniko. But she did have it, and she owed it to him to not to make things harder.

Lifting her chin, she met his gaze and said with all the conviction she could muster, "I'll always love Damen, Ioniko. The life we share may not always be perfect, but he will always be the reason I breathe and I know..." She had to stop speaking, needing time to keep her tears in check. "I know you are one of the reasons why I'm by his side and for that I'm eternally grateful. I'll always treasure your friendship, Ioniko, and I'll always be humbled by it."

Her words had a bittersweet sound. They were not what he wanted to hear from Mairi, and he knew she knew it too. She would never be his. He knew that and yet, it did not seem to make any difference to his heart.

It continued to beat, and one of the reasons it beat was because of her.

He started to speak, but stopped.

She, too, had been about to speak but stopped as well.

Both of them became aware almost simultaneously of a presence that shattered the privacy of their world.

Their heads turned, also in almost-perfect synchrony, towards the library's entrance.

Mairi's breath caught.

Damen.

He appeared like an avenging angel, dressed in black and white, his stride powerful and fierce, and an almost battle-like expression on his chiseled face. He did not make a single sound and yet there was something about his presence now, authority and virility leashed in one dangerously beautiful form, causing everyone around him to look up.

Chairs were scraped back, heads looked up, and jaws dropped. Even the librarian was so flustered she had dropped the books she was holding as he came close, apparently too larger-than-life for her to handle.

Damen stopped, and everyone - including Mairi - held their breath.

He bent down and, in a graceful move, scooped up all the books and placed it on the table nearest to the librarian. "These are too heavy for you." He murmured the words, but the library had become so silent the air carried his voice throughout the place.

The librarian nodded, a dumbstruck expression on her face. Her gaze as well as everyone else's followed Damen's progress as he walked past her.

Mairi's heart beat faster and faster as he came nearer and nearer. She loved him so much, and every day she found herself loving him even more. In her eyes, he became more beautiful and dearer to her every day, and with each step he took towards her, she felt fainter and fainter.

By the time he stood in front of her, he had become her whole world and all she could see was him. It didn't matter how much she suffered for him and for their love. She would gladly suffer a thousand lifetimes more as long as it meant she would be able to see his face before she slept, his face the first thing she would see when she woke up.

"Damen." She couldn't help whispering his name.

He stiffened, but he did not look at her and was instead gazing at Ioniko. In no uncertain terms, he said, "I am taking my woman now."

Chapter Eight

"I need to meet with Alina tomorrow."

Mairi did her best not to look gutted at the first words Damen had spoken since he had whisked her out of the library. Did he really need to meet with his ex-fiancee?

The uncomfortable silence between them persisted. She badly wanted to get rid of the distance separating her and Damen even though they were seated on the same row inside his limousine. But she couldn't, his aloofness a physical barrier that kept her away, making Mairi feel like she was a virus he didn't want to be infected with.

Damen did not say anything else, forcing Mairi to ask haltingly, "Why?"

A part of him was tempted not to answer, but Damen knew refusing to do so would be an act of a child. Another part of him still wanted to demand why back. Why had she been with Ioniko Vlahos - again?

He was jealous, so f**king jealous he knew he was being unreasonable. But he could not stop himself from feeling it. Love was such a strange emotion, and powerful, too, the way it messed with his head. He had never been the emotional type, which was unsurprising for someone raised by a cold fish like Esther Leventis. And yet now, he felt like a caged predator whose prey had been stolen from him.

Ever since learning Mairi was indeed at the same place as Vlahos, he had a serious urge to beat the living hell out of the other man. But honor demanded he not do it without a valid reason, and it was to his everlasting regret that Vlahos had not provided him with one.

The man had been nothing but respectful towards Mairi as he bid her goodbye, but it didn't f**king matter. Damen had seen the look in Vlahos' eyes.

The other man cared for Mairi, and if Damen made one mistake, he was certain that Vlahos would not hesitate to swoop in and spirit his Mairi away.

"Damen?"

He asked stiffly, "Does it matter? I would not meet with her if I do not need to."

The words were unexpected. They hurt, and Mairi swallowed audibly, telling herself that he surely hadn't meant to snap at her like that.

Hearing the tiny sound Mairi made caused Damen to grit his teeth. He was being unfair to her. He knew it, but God, he was so f**king tired these days. Never had he been put in a position to defend himself and his decisions to anyone but because he had chosen to love Mairi, he was now suddenly answerable to practically every f**king person who invested a single euro in his corporation.

She cut him off, saying brightly, "It's fine."

But it was not.

They both knew it, and they both knew it had not been fine for some time now.

They didn't speak for the rest of the ride and when they reached Damen's home, Mairi couldn't help it anymore. As he helped her out, she caught his hand and squeezed. When he looked down at her, she said, "I love you."

Please, please, please say I love you back.

But he didn't. Instead, he bent down and kissed her lips. "We're both tired." His voice was gentle and yet each word felt like a knife stab. "Rest now."

Mairi nodded.

Inside his house, he watched her climb the stairs alone without saying a word. Her back was stiff, and he knew it was because she was doing her best not to break down.

Use your brain and do not be like other rich fools, letting your c**k rule you. Leave that American slut if you do not want your business to collapse.

Everyone thinks she has you wrapped around her gold-digging finger, Leventis. They are laughing behind your back and they are laughing at us for investing in your company.

The Kokinos are still willing to welcome you with open arms. You only need to publicly dump your mistress to give them their pride back.

Damen walked towards his office, knowing he had another sleepless night ahead of him. But he did not regret it. He did not. He would do everything to keep Mairi at his side and if it meant losing and rebuilding his empire from scratch, then so be it.

He loved her. He did not and would never regret choosing her over everything. He just f**king wished she was not...he just wished she hadn't changed so much.

Where was the Mairi he knew who had been so happy about teaching? Where was the Mairi who had been so adamant about not depending on him for money? Where had that Mairi gone?

Morning came and Damen still did not possess any answers to the questions that continued to torment him. He took a quick shower and when he came out with a small towel wrapped around his body, he saw Mairi rubbing her eyes.

"You didn't sleep."

Her pouty voice had him smiling despite everything. It was a cute sound and arousing, too. It made him wish he did not have back-to-back meetings scheduled for the entire day.

Walking to the bed, he bent down and took her lips for a kiss. She tasted sweet and hot, and it took a lot of effort for Damen to pull away. "I'm sorry I did not get to sleep next to you last night."

"Did you stay up all night working?" she asked worriedly.

He shrugged.

She said hesitantly, "You know I'm willing to help you, right? Just point me in the right direction and I'd do it."

The hesitation in her voice made Damen wonder if she did truly mean her offer. He said smoothly, "I can deal with my work. It is nothing for you to consider."

She fell silent, hurt and confused by his constant rebuffs. How had it become like this between them without her knowing it? She used to be able to speak her mind to him but now, she felt like she had to be very careful with everything she said.

"What are your plans for today?"

Pasting a smile on her face, she said airily, "Just stuff."

"That explains a lot," he said dryly.

She shrugged. "Just the usual things a billionaire's girlfriend does."

"Ah."

She fluttered her lashes at him. "It includes flirting with you during your lunch break."

He smirked. "That's already flirting for you?"

She fluttered her lashes harder.

Even Damen was unable to keep himself from laughing after that. It also made him bend down and kiss her because outrageous and immature it may have been, it did have an effect on his cock, now fully erect.

"You are cruel to tempt me," he growled against her lips before his tongue swept in, not allowing her to talk while he possessed her mouth.

She was sighing when he lifted his head, and the familiar dreamy expression on her face made his lips curve, and they curved even more when she whispered, "Hi."

He said with a soft chuckle, "Hi."

Mairi suddenly felt shy but in a good way this time. "Can't you spare a few minutes, so we could just talk? I...I miss you."

"I will do my best to come home early tonight," he compromised.

She brightened. "That would be nice. How early?"

"Ten."

"Th-that's early?"

"I have calls scheduled after midnight with my general managers in Dubai and New York. I will move them a few hours earlier, but it will still not allow me to go home like a normal nine-to-five man."

"Oh."

The disappointed look on her face made him shake his head and press a tender kiss on her lips. "I will do my best to come home earlier. That is all I can promise you."

Feeling guilty at being so selfish, she said, "It's okay. Don't mind me. I'm just being a brat."

"But a sexy brat." His hand curved around her breast possessively.

She gasped.

Squeezing her breast, he murmured wickedly, "Remember how this feels throughout the day, hmm? It will get you in the mood for tonight."

She hesitated then slowly, she lifted her hand to grip his cock. When her fingers tightened around him, Damen gritted his teeth in an effort to control his need to ravage her.

"Remember this, too," she said. Remember this when you meet with Alina.

Chapter Nine

"I did not expect you to be so graceful about this but I should have, shouldn't I?"

Alina Kokinos, the woman whom European tabloids described as the poor little rich girl for being dumped by Damen Leventis for an American gold digger, did not reply right away. Her every movement was dainty, precise, and pretty as she cut herself another slice of her steak. She fed herself a morsel and when she was done, she pressed the napkin lightly to her lips.

Damen was used to this. Alina was like him in many ways, raised in accordance with old customs and traditions and expected at all times to be a model of courtesy and propriety. But what he was not used to at all was Alina apparently speaking her mind for the first time with him when she said quietly, "I can afford to be graceful, Damen. I never wanted to marry you."

Before he could say anything, she continued softly, "And I have always known that you did not want to marry me - not in the real way."

The restaurant where they dined now had always been where they enjoyed meals together, just as the people around them were also the same people they saw when they attended functions as a couple. It was how it should be, but Alina was so very tired of doing what she should do and not what she wanted.

And yet, if she did not do the right thing now, she would once again find herself backed into the same corner she had been stuck in for years - ever since she had been fifteen and too much of a proper daughter to say no to her parents.

When she raised her gaze to her ex-fiance, the incredulity she saw in Damen Leventis' gaze made her smile wryly. "Does my honesty surprise you that much?"

Not mincing words, he said, "Yes."

For a moment, the old fears assailed her. Damen was a man, and she had been taught all her life to bow to a man's wishes.

But then her courage reasserted itself, and squaring her shoulders, she told him in a voice that only quivered the slightest bit, "I've decided to stop pretending I'm the usual biddable Greek lass with you, Damen."

His voice was bland when he answered, "I never asked you to."

Blinking, she said, "I...suppose...not. But I've always gotten the feeling that you would have been displeased if I had ever gotten in your way or went against your wishes."

"Perhaps. But it is water under the bridge now, do you not think?"

Oh! He was so cold, so unreadable!

And though this side of him had always terrified and frustrated her, now it also made Alina smile. She said softly, "You don't seem to be the same person who dumped an heiress to be with the woman he loves."

Alina was rewarded by the faintest flush coloring Damen's cheeks, and she took courage from that. Maybe this could still work. Maybe she had been wrong about him all along. Oh, she hoped so. She dearly hoped so.

Ever since she had been engaged to him, she had found the Leventis heir to be arrogant, too much like her overbearing father for her to like. Although he had been nothing but polite and courteous with her, he had also been forbiddingly formal. The only time he had been open with her was during the time they had been guest speakers at GAYL. His attitude had surprised and confused her, but what followed after had cleared a lot of things up.

He had wanted the other girl - the one he loved - to be jealous.

And until then, never would she have expected someone like Damen Leventis could care so much for a woman to want her to be jealous.

Hopefully, he still cared for that girl, enough for him to agree to what she was about to propose.

"What is this about, Alina?"

His voice made her hand shake as she reached for her glass. She drank it all, needing the wine to give her Dutch courage.

He waited, patiently.

Damen had always been irritating that way, Alina thought, acting like he was too cool to lose his temper because everyone and everything paled in significance next to him.

She couldn't help but ask, "Are you like this with her, too?"

"Like what?"

"You act like you're never wrong. You've always acted like that." She almost laughed at the puzzled expression on his face.

"I do not pretend to be wrong if I am right - even if it is merely to soothe ruffled feathers."

She shook her head. "Never mind." She hoped, for Mairi Tanner's sake, that the other girl had found a way to make Damen Leventis less arrogant. He needed a strong dose of humility now and then.

Placing her hands on her lap so Damen wouldn't know how badly they were still shaking, she made herself look at him straight in the eye as she spoke. "My father wants me to get you to reconsider our engagement." Not waiting for him to answer, she said in a rush, "I am not in favor of it."

Alina nervously watched Damen lean back on his seat.

And then all he said was, "I see."

She wanted to throw a glass of water on his face for that.

"If you really love her, this Mairi Tanner, then can I count on you to lie to my father and tell him that I did my best, but you will never leave her for anyone else?"

Silence.

Why wasn't he saying anything?

"I will tell your father that you've tried your best but I am not to be persuaded."

The words were spoken so formally, it reminded her of the old Damen - or at least the Damen she thought she knew. But he was different - his words and actions that day at the school had proven it.

And yet -

And yet it felt right now like the new Damen, the one she thought she might consider a friend, was nowhere to be found.

Alina considered his words. He would help her with her father...but he did not want to tell her father about never leaving Mairi?

She asked awkwardly, "Is everything all right between you two?"

He answered in a colder voice, "We are fine. Thank you for asking."

Alina tried not to wince. She had gotten him mad, and he appeared even more intimidating now.

She wondered if she should tell him about Mairi's unsuccessful attempts to find work. Alina was no idiot, and she had her own eyes and ears spying for her. Everyone in the world - including her father - thought of her merely as the Kokinos heiress, a pawn to be married off for mergers, but what nobody knew was that she had always yearned to be the head of her family's business, always wished she had been born a man rather than a woman so that she would be taken seriously. Certainly, most people in Greece's high society would never think that she paid great attention to business rumors, and that from those rumors she was able to deduce the reason behind the falling stock prices of Leventis Inc. More importantly, her spies had also told her about Mairi Tanner's current plight and how Damen Leventis still did not seem to know about it.

But he would know about that soon enough, Alina thought uneasily. It was only a matter of time, and when the truth came out, there would be many people paying dearly for being stupid enough to ally themselves with Esther Leventis and her own father.

"Is there anything else you wish to talk about?" Very polite. But with a tinge of impatience this time.

He really was a cold man. If Mairi Tanner was not the gold digger everyone painted her to be - and Alina liked to think the other girl wasn't - then whatever did she see in Damen?

Alina said finally, and with great sincerity, "Thank you. And I really do wish the two of you well. I think it's great that you made your love for her your first priority. I'm sure she loves you just as much."

A self-mocking smile appeared on Damen's handsome face, and the sight troubled her, especially when he said, "I'm sure it is so."

Damen remained at their table a long time after Alina had already left. When his phone rang, he answered it almost reluctantly and when he heard who was on the other line, Damen wished he had indeed rejected the call instead.

"Is there any change?" Stavros Manolis asked. "Is she willing to speak to me now or perhaps more willing to consider it?"

"She is still hurt by what you did to her years ago," he heard himself saying. "You must give her time."

Chapter Ten

To prevent herself from missing Damen too much and making herself sick with worry about what he and Alina Kokinos would talk about when they met for lunch, Mairi decided to accept double her usual number of article requests.

After her shower, Mairi had already dressed herself for another day at the library, choosing a pretty but modestly designed off-white dress, before changing her mind about going out.

Yesterday's disguise had been an epic fail thanks to Damen's entrance. Her lips quirked at the memory. He had walked towards them like he was Keanu Reeves in The Matrix. Was it a surprise people had gawked at him and realized he was "someone" even if they didn't know his actual identity?

It was pure luck that no one had sent a photo of the three of them together - him, Ioniko, and her - to the press, but she was not going to take her chances again. She didn't need more of the media's attention, and Damen certainly needed it less, considering how sensitive negotiations seemed to be between his company and investment partners.

Mairi had devoured all the news reports she could about Leventis Inc., and all of it painted a grim picture for Damen's business. And it was all because of her. She had turned him into the laughingstock of Greece's business community, but he never said a word about it.

She would do her best not to add to his problems, Mairi swore to herself. And that meant she was going to work right here - even if it also equated to struggling with writer's block more often.

Just the thought of having to get past writer's block made Mairi sigh. At the library, she was surrounded by people, and the constant buzz and movement distracted her from dwelling too long and too often on her thoughts. But here at home, surrounded by Damen's scent, she couldn't help but think, couldn't help but miss him, and she couldn't help but worry.

Things had never been perfect between them, but something had changed and it wasn't for the better.

With another sigh, Mairi headed for the study. There was no point dwelling on it. She just had to wait until Damen was ready to talk to her. For now, she was better off concentrating on her work.

And work she did, typing until almost every part of her body ached - her body, neck, shoulders, and oh, her poor fingers! They felt so stiff now it was a wonder she could still move them.

Her eyes felt tired, and she had to re-read her words several times to make sure she got it right.

At one point, she had written "The cat became pregnant with coffee" when she was supposed to write about the best way to choose a domain hosting site.

Mairi glanced at the wall clock, which was beautiful in its simplicity but gasp-worthy, too, with its frame made entirely of 24-karat gold.

Nine-fifteen.

It had her stretching in her seat before getting up. Her stomach growled as she did, reminding her that she had barely eaten throughout the day - and night. Mairi ignored it, already too tired to make herself anything. She climbed up the stairs to their room, telling herself she'd only take a fifteen-minute nap.

But the nap turned out to be more than what it should be. She was so tired she succumbed to a heavy sleep, and she didn't even stir when Damen came inside their room and stopped next to the bed.

She was dressed like she had gone outside. Where had she gone and why did she seem so tired? He could easily get her bodyguards to answer him, but he resisted the urge. Doing so meant he did not trust her-

But I trust her.

"I trust her."

"I trust her."

"I trust her." And yet even with Damen repeating the words so many times, he still couldn't make himself sound like he meant it.

****

As days passed, his puzzlement turned into unease, which later deepened into resentment. Why did she have to f**king change? Was she really so enamored with doing whatever the f**k she did when he was working in his office that she now loved his money more than she loved him?

Whatever it was that Mairi was doing, it must be so tiring, he thought sarcastically, that she had to blow two thousand dollars on a f**king spa treatment. It had been the first item on his most recent credit card statement and he had been so disgusted by it he had simply signed the check to pay his dues without checking the rest of the statement.

He was no cheapskate. His former mistresses had spent ten times more than that when they had gone to their favorite spas, and he hadn't cared. But somehow, when it was Mairi involved, it did not feel right.

The memory of it set him on edge, and he moodily stared at his half-empty mug of coffee. Mairi used to prepare him one every morning, and it would always be ready by the time he came down to the kitchen. Now-

"Good morning." Mairi's voice was a little wan as she joined him in the kitchen, interrupting his thoughts.

Looking at her now and noting the air of exhaustion that never seemed to leave her these days, he remarked casually, "You look tired." She did not appear wasted but she did appear weary - too much so for someone who for all intents and purposes did not have a job.

Mairi flinched at Damen's words. Did that mean she appeared ugly to him now, only he was too polite to tell her so? With him seated across her looking like a marble statue come to life, she couldn't help feeling so.

Not wanting him to know she was hurt by his words, she said flippantly, "Too much partying."

His lips tightened, but he chose not to comment, knowing if he did it would not be nice words. Again, he was tempted to ask for a report from the bodyguards he had tailing Mairi. But nowadays, it had become a matter of trust and pride.

Esther made constant digs about Mairi in the office and the words inevitably reached him, too. Did her son really know what that American whore was up to when he was away from home?

No. He did not. But he loved and trusted Mairi. He would not let Esther ruin things for him. And if she continued pushing him, one day she would push him too far and she would regret it.

"Are you going to the office?" She wished she could tell Damen that she missed him, but the words were stuck in her throat. More and more, she felt like Damen was withdrawing from her and she had no idea how to stop it.

"Yes. I don't have any pressing meetings today, but I like to spend a few hours in the office all the same." He added smoothly, "I like making good use of my time." The barb hit home. He could see that it did with the way Mairi's face whitened, but he wasn't pleased it had.

Was being underpaid for hours of copywriting a good use of her time? Someone like Damen Leventis probably wouldn't think so. He would think she was being an idiot to enslave herself like this. But what else was there for her to do?

She said hesitantly, "When I'm here at home I normally-" She stopped, seeing Damen take a discreet look at his watch. "You should leave now," she said instead. "It's not good for the boss to be late and set a bad example."

His answering smile was brief. "Thank you for being understanding." He stood up and went around the breakfast counter to press a perfunctory kiss on her forehead.

"I love you." She just couldn't help saying it.

"I love you, too." He smiled again, but this time it didn't reach his eyes.

She quickly looked down and concentrated on her toast as Damen walked out, one teardrop falling silently on her plate. He didn't want to hear how her days went. Mairi took deep breaths, trying to convince herself that it was only because he was being subjected to too much pressure at work.

Thousands of people depended on him for their livelihoods, and yet his ability to pay for wages had been undermined and challenged when he chose to tell the world he loved her. Whatever he did now, she mustn't forget that. It would excuse...everything. It had to.

****

I love you.

I love you, too.

Damen was still unable to get the words out of his mind even as he made his way to his office.

His employees scurried away at the sight of him. They knew from experience what the Greek billionaire looked like when he was in a black mood, and today was one of those days.

If he closed his eyes, his love for Mairi was pure and beautiful, a miracle that he had a thousand reasons to be thankful for. His chest would tighten up at the mere thought of losing her, and yet when he opened his eyes and saw reality for what it was, why did he feel such anger at himself and her?

Always he could not help but feel that she was hiding something from him, but what was it? And why would she have something to hide?

An hour later, Damen had successfully pushed the thoughts out of his mind by concentrating on his work. There was a knock on his door before his secretary came in. "Sir? Someone is here to see you who's not on your appointment book. Her name's Farah Jenkins-"

Damen looked up impatiently from the proposal documents he was perusing.

"-and she says she is an old high school acquaintance of Ms. Tanner."

About to tell Bart to get rid of his unexpected visitor, Damen's mouth snapped shut. His eyes narrowing, he said expressionlessly, "Let her in. If I buzz you, it means you should come in and make the necessary excuses to get her out of my office."

"Understood, sir." Bart's head bobbed several times as he retreated. He came back a moment later, opening the door for a petite strawberry blonde with hard china-blue eyes. She was dressed beautifully and expensively, but he knew her type. She was rich but not that rich to rub elbows with his kind, and she would do anything to make that possible.

He sincerely hoped she was indeed a mere acquaintance, and that Mairi had not been fooled into being her friend.

But are you sure they are not the same kind, only Mairi is more adept at hiding her true colors? The tone inside his mind had him stiffening.

"Thank you for allowing me a few moments of your time, Damen."

The woman's voice had Damen looking up. Her voice was sweet and husky, but it also had a practiced tone to it, like it was something she had perfected. Her sense of overfamiliarity was repulsive, but his feelings about it did not show on his face as he inclined his head in acknowledgment of her words.

"It is my pleasure to welcome any acquaintance of my fiancee." Walking around his desk, he gestured towards the living area of his office. "Shall we?"

She walked ahead of him, her h*ps swaying seductively as her perfume wafted towards him.

He became even more repelled. This woman, whoever the f**k she was - Damen had already forgotten her name - was no different from the countless beautiful women who tried to seduce him. Their type believed that their pretty faces were more than enough to enslave men.

"Would you like to drink anything?"

She shook her head, surprising him. "I don't intend to take too much of your time."

She took a seat on the couch and he took the leather armchair adjacent to it. "What may I do for you then?"

"Oh, it's more a matter of what I have come to do for you." Her smile became brittle. "I flew here as soon as I could upon reading the news about dear little Mairi. Stavros Manolis is your friend, isn't he?"

He said evenly, "You already know the answer to that." The sound of her laugh was hollow, and his skin prickled in warning at hearing it. This was not going to end well. He couldn't yet figure out why, but he was f**king sure of it.

Damen stood up. "If you came here to play games-"

Farah snapped, "I came to prevent you from being conned by a gold digger."

"You have overstayed your welcome," he bit out. "Leave before I have security escort you out." Turning his back on her, Damen stalked back to his desk, intent on buzzing Barry to get the woman out of his sight before his temper exploded.

"I've brought proof," the woman half-screeched at him.

Suddenly she was in front of him, pulling out a medium-sized envelope from her purse. Flinging it at him, she said, "She stole the man I loved from me!"

There was a demented look in her eyes that almost had him cursing. Not bothering to answer her, he pressed the buzzer for Barry. When his assistant hurried in, Damen cut off whatever excuse Barry had planned and said curtly, "Get rid of her."

The woman seemed to lose it at his words and began cursing him. "You're a f**king idiot like Stavros! You don't see her for what she is! You don't know how to appreciate a real woman!"

As a tortured-looking Barry grabbed hold of her arms from behind, she went wild, struggling to get away. "She doesn't deserve to have a billionaire when she took mine away from me!"

It became clear then. "So you are the woman who had caused her to be expelled."

She laughed maniacally. "Oh, that's goddamn rich. And it's just so like the ever-perfect Mairi Tanner to put the blame on me. I was suspended. She was expelled. And you know why? Because I may be a flirt, but I wasn't a gold-digging whore-"

"Apologies for this, sir," Barry mumbled just before he finally dragged the woman out of Damen's office and closed the door.

Damen expelled his breath as a heavy tense silence settled around him. He had not realized he hadn't been breathing the entire time the woman had been talking.

His gaze was inevitably drawn to the envelope lying discarded on the floor.

Chapter Eleven

Two hundred fifty-six dollars!

Oh my God, had she really been able to write 256 articles in such a short span of time? Mairi couldn't help making a face at the thought. Considering she had also lost about five pounds in the same period of time, maybe it wasn't too surprising. She had worked backbreaking hours for those articles, but it was all worth it.

Tomorrow was their first month anniversary. Did he realize that? Probably not, she thought glumly. There was noise all around her as she walked further into the city's central market, which had a thriving and bustling atmosphere. And since it was morning, the busiest time of the day, the area was also crowded, requiring Mairi to squeeze her way into the alleys that led to the fish section.

Fish vendors were typically the noisiest, and Mairi had to smile at the way the vendors good-naturedly attempted to out-market each other with their claims. Her boots squished with each step she took. Wearing boots to the fish market was a lesson she had learned from her first visit. Then, she had worn flip-flops - a decision that ended with Mairi submerging her feet in water mixed with rose oil for a few hours. It had been that dirty and smelled even worse.

"Mairi, over here!"

She smiled in greeting as she hurried towards Phil - short for Philemon. He was waving at her exuberantly, his fisherman's hat in his hand. He was white-haired and burly, with a smiling weathered face. He could be anywhere between fifty and a hundred, but he moved about like he was in his thirties. Eating several kilos of olives sure had its perks, Mairi thought with a secret smile.

"Kalimera," she greeted him good morning cheerfully, wiping the sweat from her forehead as she did. It was an exceptionally hot morning, and with the nonstop flow of people, she was ruefully aware of how much she was sweating under her knee-length cotton rompers.

He immediately grabbed her hand and gave it a brisk and enthusiastic shake. She shook his back, not losing her smile even though she knew it meant having her hand smell like a dozen different types of fish after.

"The package arrived as scheduled. Are you ready to see it?" he asked with a grin as he released her hand.

Mairi forgot all about her now-greasy and smelly hand. "Totally!"

He waved for her to walk inside his booth as he walked towards the end and opened one of the crates. "Here they are!"

A few hundred of doctor fish were swimming lazily inside the crate, their tiny black bodies making Mairi almost swoon in delight. Oh my God, Phil had really done it! "They're really from Turkey?" she breathed.

"They are indeed." Phil crossed his fingers behind his back. The nice little girl meant Turkey - the country - while he meant Turkey, the name of the pet shop in a neighboring town, but it was really all the same. And sure, these were truly not doctor fish or garra rufa, but that should not be a problem either. These black ones were practically the same.

"And the aquarium?"

"Bought it as well." He was eager to show this one off since he had truly bought this one, having generously decided that he would not cheat Mairi twice for the same deal - something he normally did for most other customers.

Waving at her to check out another crate, he took off the old tarpaulin cover and presented his purchase with flourish. "It is beautiful, ne?"

Mairi's jaw dropped.

There was no denying that the aquarium was indeed brand new, with not even the tiniest scratch marring its glass walls. But the top two inches of the walls were also painted with pink...breasts and blue...nipples? She rubbed her eyes before taking a closer look at it, hoping she just hadn't seen it right. Maybe they were like pink cupcakes with blue icing-

Her heart sank.

Nope. They were what they were, giving new meaning to "aquarium p**n ". Where in heavens had he bought this?

"It is nice, isn't it?" he boasted. Phil was extremely proud of the deal he had made. It was just his luck to bump into Lazaro, who owned the stripper club a few blocks away from his home. Lazaro had been telling him about the aquarium he had custom-designed for customers to pay to peek into live boobs - it had been a very strange story, the mechanics of which were lost on Phil. But none of it mattered anyway. All he had heard was that the aquarium was new and unlikely to be used because none of Lazaro's girls had wanted to be a part of it.

"How much are you selling it for?" he had asked.

"I'm throwing it away. I don't want my wife to know that I spent a hundred dollars on it for nothing!"

The memory had Phil smiling fondly. All in all, a good day's work.

He looked at Mairi expectantly. "You like it?"

"Umm, yes." She didn't have the heart to tell him she hated it. Maybe, maybe she could get rid of it somehow.

"Good. I knew you would. Maybe you can give me a tip," he added.

Mairi had a silly urge to laugh. Old Phil would probably be shocked if he found out that the $256 in her pocket was all the money she had in the world. She would never touch her savings account - if she withdrew from it, her aunts would find out and start asking questions. It was better that they kept on thinking she was having a fabulous time working as an English interpreter.

"I'll give you a tip," she promised.

By the time she had loaded the crates in Damen's car - a top-of-the-line Benz that she had deliberately chosen because it was the least expensive model and least likely to draw attention - she was down to $63 dollars.

Just enough to buy a bouquet of roses and a greeting card, Mairi thought in satisfaction as she leaned back against the seat.

Giddy at the thought of what Damen would think of having his own fish spa at home - something she proudly considered a unique gift that no other former girlfriend of his would have thought of giving him - Mairi took her phone out and called Damen at his office.

"Leventis." His voice was clipped.

Her smile faltered on her lips. "Hey. Did I catch you at a bad time?"

Damen slowly leaned back in his seat. "No. Of course not."

It was impossible to read his mood when he spoke like that. She said hesitantly, "You're sure?"

Her uncertainty got to him and he said in a gentler tone, "I will always be free to talk to you."

"I'll hold you to that." She let out a nervous giggle. God, she was giggling too much these days, it was getting humiliating.

"What do you want to talk about then?"

"Umm...I'm wondering if you could come home early tomorrow - like seven-ish in the evening?" Knowing he was likely to ask why, she hurriedly told him, "I just want to have dinner with you...if you have time."

"Then I will come home at exactly seven." He paused. And then Damen heard himself lying, "I might not be able to come home tonight though."

Her heart stopped beating at his words. This was his first time not to come home to her. Could it have something to do with his meeting with Alina Kokinos? She wished she had the courage to ask it, but she was scared of looking like a jealous, nagging insecure girlfriend.

Swallowing convulsively, she said, "I'll miss you."

"I will miss you, too."

Unbidden, their early morning conversation returned to her. It had sounded exactly like this, like she was saying the words with desperation and he was returning the words mechanically.

They spoke for a few more moments, but the earlier intimacy, brief as it was, had been dispelled and they were both stiff with each other by the time Damen excused himself to talk with another investor.

She wiped the tears from her eyes. She really did love him, really did miss her Greek billionaire, but she didn't think she could take more of this. Before she knew it, she was sending a chat message to her aunts.

Vilma: Good of you to remember you still have aunts.

Mairi: It won't work, Aunt Vilma. I know you're just being cranky because you miss me.

Norah: When can we fly there?

Mairi: Not until I'm convinced that you two would behave yourselves around Damen.

Vilma: How dare you? I admit that both Norah and I find Greek billionaires irresistible, but we draw the line at seducing one who belongs to our niece.

Mairi giggled again, imagining how her two aunts would no doubt have Damen uncomfortable in seconds. They had told her that she better have Damen prepared when they finally flew in for a visit. Nothing would stop them from asking the burning questions in their minds, accumulated over the decades they had spent devouring Mills and Boon paperbacks.

Norah: Have you asked him yet?

She shook her head at the question. Norah had wanted her to ask Damen the percentage of Greek billionaires with and without chest hair. Like heck she'd ask something like that!

Mairi: NEVER. And you mustn't ask him that either!

Vilma: What about mine? Did you ask him?

Aunt Vilma's question was just as bad. She wanted to know the average age with which Greek billionaires lost their virginity. Seriously!

Mairi: I love you, Aunt Vilma, Aunt Norah.

Norah: We love you even more.

Vilma: We love you ALWAYS.

****

Half an ocean away, Norah and Vilma exchanged looks with each other. They had been enjoying an early breakfast in the kitchen. It was five in the morning and the sun was barely out in the sky. All in all, it was definitely too early for her heart to be broken like this, Norah thought.

"She's hurting."

"I know."

"We must do something," Vilma insisted.

"Not yet. She's not a little girl anymore. We need to let her learn from her own mistakes."

Vilma knew her sister's words made sense, but it went against everything she believed in to simply stand aside and allow Mairi to be hurt. And she would be hurt, in a way that terrified Vilma.

"Were we so wrong?" Vilma whispered. "It had seemed so harmless at the beginning, letting her dream about stupid Greek billionaires."

Norah reminded her gently, "You didn't think they were so stupid before."

"Yeah, so color me stupid, too."

Glancing down at her phone, Norah's heart became heavier. She said quietly, "It can't ever be wrong to let someone dream." It was just a sad reality of the world that most people found joy in destroying another person's dream.

Stay strong, Mairi, Norah whispered in her heart. Please God, let her be strong enough to love and dream even when she was alone.

Chapter Twelve

"You're pronouncing it wrong." He was on his way back to the field, stray baseball in his hand, when he spotted her sitting under the tree, knees up with an open book balanced on them.

The girl was startled into looking up from her Greek language manual. As always, her loveliness struck him. She was not beautiful, but then beauty was skin deep and vastly overrated. He had been surrounded by beauty his whole life, and those people had a tendency to be excessively shallow individuals.

But this girl...

He had always liked how pretty she was, the kind of pretty that came from within. She was quiet but vibrant, a combination that told him she would be a very interesting person to know - if she allowed him to get to know her.

"Sorry," she mumbled, not looking at him as she shyly tucked her hair behind her ears.

Knowing he would not come by this kind of chance again, he discreetly threw the baseball away from behind. If his teammates came to get him, he'd tell them that he hadn't found it yet. He took a seat next to her on the grass, which caused her eyes to dart towards him in surprise.

He didn't blame her. They had never talked even though they were in the same grade. He had always noticed her every time they'd pass each other in the hallway. She tended to have a busy or distracted look on her face, though, which had caused him to hesitate making small talk with her.

With other girls he was confident and assured of their interest in him. But with her... Well, let it be said that he considered it a gift of fate their hitter had ended up batting the ball in this direction.

Pretending he didn't notice how skittish she seemed in his presence, he leaned close towards her, enough for the sides of their heads to almost touch. Pointing to the word she had mispronounced, he told her gently, "Here's how you say it."

Her head cocked to the side as she listened to him, an attentive look on her face.

Liking the feeling of having her look at him, he continued reading the other lines in perfect Greek.

She had a shy smile on her lips when he finished. "Th-thank you."

The blush was natural, and so was the stammer. He had always been enchanted by her simplicity, and now he was even more so.

"Why are you studying Greek?"

"Because I...like reading about the myths."

He raised a brow. That was an uncommon answer. "There are English translations."

"There's something different about them when you read it in their original language," she told him seriously.

He did his best not to smile. Like any Greek, he was raised to respect the myths even if they were just myths. It was refreshing to find someone outside Greece who seemed to feel the same. "What are your favorites?"

Interestingly, she blushed.

He was even more intrigued. He told her with a grin, "Now I'm even more determined to know what your favorite myths are." He looked at her thoughtfully. "I'm going to guess you probably like those with love stories?"

She gave him a small nod.

"Umm...Cupid and Psyche?"

She nodded, quickly, as if she was hoping he wouldn't catch her doing so.

He grinned. "You girls always do."

She made a face, as if his words had so irritated her that she forgot about being shy with him. "There's nothing wrong about happy-ever-after love stories."

He was even more amused, and he decided to tease her, drawling, "I don't know about that. They can be cheesy, don't you think? Also, it follows a formula. Boy meets girl, girl likes boy-"

"It's the little things that happen between boy meets girl and girl likes boy that make these stories special." Her eyes were glowing now. "And each story has a unique couple, and that makes it special, too." A dreamy look settled on her face. "You gotta be more imaginative. Like Cupid and Psyche - did they go on dates? Surely they had? But how's that gonna happen if he's invisible? Do they walk hand in hand? And what if a guy happened to see Psyche and try to hit on her? Cupid would be jealous, but since he's invisible he can't blame the other guy-"

She stopped, as if only realizing how much she had said.

He told her honestly, "Don't worry, I didn't find any of it boring. Your imagination's unbelievable though."

"Only with love stories," she confessed.

"Ah. Maybe you want to be an author someday and write romance novels?"

"No." A mysterious smile played on her lips. "I don't want to write the stories."

The smile was as secretive as Mona Lisa's, and it was only months later that he would come to know the truth behind it. By then of course it was too late. Everyone knew the truth, too, but it had been terribly twisted, the beauty of it marred by malice.

Mairi Tanner hadn't wanted to write the stories she loved reading so much. She had wanted to live them instead. In her mind, Greek gods were Greek billionaires in life, and she - an ordinary girl - played the role of a mortal woman. Unfortunately, the others called her by a different name. In their minds, the role she played was that of a gold digger.

****

Stavros was pulled out of his thoughts by the ringing of his phone.

The detective he had set on Mairi's trail said, "She's come home, sir."

"And Leventis?"

"Still in his office."

"Keep me informed of his movement."

It was time.

He was done waiting.

****

Mairi had just finished setting up the aquarium on the carpeted floor next to Damen's luxurious recliner seat when her phone rang, almost causing her to jump.

Damen!

Did he remember now? Would he apologize?

But when she looked at her phone's screen, an unidentified number flashed on it. Since she had caller ID installed, it only meant that it was a private number, purchased by someone who took his - her - privacy very seriously.

She answered the call hesitantly. "Hello?"

"Hello, Mairi."

She gasped, instantly recognizing the voice. "Stavros?"

Chapter Thirteen

"Yo, Mairi." Stavros Manolis' voice was grave when he said the words, but his eyes had an amused gleam that threatened to put Mairi's cheeks on fire as his gaze slowly traveled all over her from head to toe, taking in her outfit. Cap worn inverted, dark glasses, large baseball jersey that she stole from Damen's closet, and an old pair of denim shorts - also of Damen's - which she had tightened with a chain belt. It was the best disguise she could come up with at such late notice.

The coffee shop Mairi had chosen as their meeting place was crowded and noisy, but his voice seemed gratingly loud and cheerful, each word coming to her perfectly clear.

"Yo." She flashed him a weak smile. Yay, her: she had succeeded in making the normally stoic-looking Stavros Manolis laugh. Not.

She couldn't believe she was sitting across Stavros Manolis. It felt like she was back in high school again, and anytime now she would be bullied because she thought it was her fate to marry a Greek billionaire.

Stavros inhaled, trying to get a better grip of his senses. After all these years, he had finally found her. He only had a brief time to look at Mairi when he had been at GAYL, but now that she was this close, he did not hesitate to look his fill.

Her hair was longer, her eyes beautifully dark like before, and her body as shapely as Aphrodite's. She was also paler, thinner, and looked extremely stressed.

Stavros said quietly, "I'm sorry I've forced this meeting on you."

The words were unexpected and confusing, forcing Mairi to look at him again. The last time she had seen him, Stavros had been a teenager like her, a boy who had broken every girl's heart when he only ever smiled at Mairi and ignored the rest.

Now, he was a man, solidly built and extremely attractive. Add the fact that he was also a Greek billionaire, and the way all the women in the restaurant were ogling at him was entirely understandable. Maybe if she didn't have her own Greek billionaire to love, she would have been ogling him, too.

Mairi answered just as quietly, "I don't consider myself forced to meet you in any way, Stavros."

"I know the truth, Mairi. Damen told me you needed more time-"

She was incredulous. "You talked to Damen?"

A frown formed on his forehead. "Did he not tell you?"

The truth dawned on them both.

Stavros said grimly, "He lied to me."

"Stavros-"

"Knowing you are with him, it is with the utmost respect for your relationship that I went to him first and asked permission to talk to you." His jaw hardened.

She knew he wouldn't say anything anymore. Stavros was not the type to backstab anyone, even if that someone had clearly lied to him. But then - he didn't really have to, Mairi thought, still bemused. Clearly, Damen had lied to him, prevented them from meeting. But why? Surely he didn't think she still loved Stavros?

"He must have his own reasons. Please don't let this ruin your friendship."

Stavros said curtly, "If it is fine with you, I do not plan wasting our time talking about Leventis."

Her heart sank. Earlier he had called Damen by his first name. Now he was more formal, and it didn't bode well.

She heard Stavros sigh, a harsh sound that confused Mairi. It was as if she had hurt him.

And then-

"Did you know I tried looking for you?"

Her head jerked up. "You did? Why would you?"

He was disbelieving. "Why wouldn't I? It was my fault you were expelled!"

Oh, these Greek billionaires. They could drive a girl insane. Did Stavros and Damen know how alike they were, with their tendency to blame themselves for something that was not and could never be their fault?

"It was not your fault, Stavros, and I never thought that."

"I'm not surprised you think so. You have always been too nice."

She shook her head, smiling wryly. "I threatened Principal Childress with a lawsuit just to make sure not a single word about the incident got out. So you know, I can be a bitch if I want to."

Stavros allowed himself a slight smile even as he said firmly, "You are not and will never be a bitch. But I do know about what you did and again I think you were too lenient on her."

"I couldn't risk embarrassing my aunts," she admitted.

He nodded. "I knew it was probably your reason for letting her get away with her unethical actions." His lashes fell, partially hiding his gaze as he murmured, "I made sure she lost her job when you left. It was the least     I could do for you."

Mairi was stunned. It was her first time to hear that. The moment she had been expelled, she had decided that part of her life was over and she had taken pains to avoid any kind of news about her old school and everyone else associated with it...and that included Stavros.

She asked tentatively, "Why did you want to meet with me?"

The way her eyes nervously darted to and away from his face was so reminiscent of how she had been when she was young, it made Stavros' chest tighten. The years might have passed, but what made Mairi Tanner the girl who had so quickly ensnared his attention without trying was still there.

And she was more beautiful than ever.

And she would never be his because it was obvious that her heart had already been claimed by another man.

In that instant he knew that whatever he had subconsciously thought to tell her were words he should never speak out loud.

The gentle smile on Stavros' face made Mairi remember how he had been so kind to her all those times they had talked about Greek myths, with Stavros never telling her she was letting her imagination get the better of her.

Only now did she realize how much she had missed his friendship when she had left their school.

"Mairi?"

"Y-yes?"

"I am happy that you didn't lose the courage to make your dream come true."

Oh.

How was it that her mind had conveniently neglected to consider that Stavros would know about that horrible blog, the one that had exposed her dreams and turned it into a living nightmare?

She choked out, "Stavros-"

"I just hope that your Greek billionaire knows how lucky he is to have a woman like you to love him. Because if I had been the one your heart had chosen, I would do my best not to fail you again."

Chapter Fourteen

On the center of Damen's table was the envelope his unexpected visitor had thrown at him, as silently insidious as the sly gaze of the snake in the Garden of Eden. Inside it was knowledge forbidden and tempting, and even though hours had already passed he still could not decide what to do about it.

Glancing at his watch, he realized with a little surprise that it was already nine in the evening. He put a call to Mairi's mobile and she answered at the first ring. "Damen?"

"I just called to make sure everything is well with you."

"Of course it is," she assured him right away. "I'm in bed already."

"Early night?"

"I need to try to sleep, otherwise I'll just stay up and keep missing you."

She was so f**king sweet. If only he didn't have so many goddamn doubts about her now.

Mairi tried not to be hurt when it took a while for Damen to answer, "I miss you, too."

I miss you.

I miss you, too.

She pressed her hand to her mouth, hard. She mustn't let him know how hearing him say "I miss you, too" made her want to cry these days. But God...oh God, why didn't these words sound like how they used to sound? What had she done wrong?

"How was your day?"

Clearing her throat, she lied, "I just stayed here all day." There was no point telling him about Stavros over the phone. It was the kind of conversation better done in person, where she'd have a chance to make sure he would see on her face that she was telling the truth.

"I see."

An awkward silence followed, and again she had to press her hand to her mouth. In the past, she would have no problem filling the gap and chatting the night away. In the past, she would eagerly ask him questions but...it wasn't the same between them now.

Her bright tone as false as her words, she said, "I gotta go, Damen. My aunts are trying to call me via Skype - I hadn't been able to reach them all day."

She was lying, Damen thought. But could he blame her? She might have changed, but she had not changed towards him. It was him who had changed towards her, and he didn't know how to find his way back to what they once were.

"I'll let you go then. Have a good night's sleep. I will be back tomorrow as early as I can."

"Thanks." She ended the call, feeling like she had ended it as if she had only been talking to her boss and not the man she was supposed to marry.

When Damen put the phone down, he didn't let himself think. He simply reached for the envelope and started to read.

By the time he finished reading the entire blog that had exposed Mairi's childhood diary, he was sick to his stomach.

He called Mairi's bodyguard, asking for a report for the first time. "Did she leave the house today?"

"Yes, sir."

She had lied.

She had lied.

"And where did she go? Who was she with?"

The bodyguard answered in an inflectionless voice, "She had dinner with Stavros Manolis."

****

"You must wake, Ms. Tanner."

It took a while for the housekeeper's voice to rouse her from a deep and heavy sleep, and a few more moments for Mairi to sit up and realize that something was wrong. The woman could not look at her straight in the eye. Why?

"Ms. Tanner, you are requested to leave the premises immediately."

Mairi stared at her blankly.

The housekeeper's voice became more strained. "The order came from Mr. Leventis himself."

"W-what? I don't understand."

"I'm sorry about this, Ms. Tanner. But you really have to leave now. I heard him..." The housekeeper wringed her hands. "I heard him talk to the head of the house's security. If you are not out of here in ten minutes, he would have you escorted out of the premises even if it means you would be abandoned on the street in your bedclothes."

She shook her head, feeling like she had woken in a horrible alternate reality. "What's going on?"

"You must go now, Ms. Tanner. He's in a very bad mood. Your possessions will be sent to whichever address you provide us with. But now, Ms. Tanner...please. It is for your own good I tell you to leave now."

Shocked and disoriented, Mairi found herself following the anxious-looking housekeeper's words. She changed hastily, grabbed her phone, and headed to the front door, bumping into the head of security as she stepped out of the house.

Mairi wanted to throw up, realizing that what the housekeeper said was true. He had been about to throw her out. She could see in his face that he wouldn't like doing it but he would do it because-

Because Damen Leventis had ordered it.

She shook her head. No. There was a mistake. There had to be. It might be another of Esther Leventis' ploys to get to her, to make her leave Damen.

She stood her ground and lifted her chin. "I won't leave."

Her bodyguard - rather, her former bodyguard - looked at her with a horrified expression on his face. "It's Master Damen's order."

Mairi whitened a little at the words, but she said doggedly, "I won't believe you until I hear it from-"

A figure emerged from the shadows.

Damen.

"Get out of this house." His face was hard and cold. "Is that clear enough for you?"

She whispered, "What?"

"GET OUT OF MY FUCKING HOUSE, YOU GOLD-DIGGING BITCH!"

Mairi stumbled back at the fury in his voice. "Damen, what are you-"

"What I am is a f**king fool to think you loved me!" He laughed bitterly. "And now, because you think I might not remain rich with my business struggling-" Damen cursed. "Problems that you have caused - you think you need to find yourself another Greek billionaire?"

The look in his eyes made Mairi want to die.

Damen despised her.

Damen found her vile.

The tears fell fast and furious, leaving her half-blind. She caught sight of movement, Damen stalking towards her. And then he was right in front of her.

The smell of liquor hit her.

He was drunk.

And then he was snarling at her, "I know everything now! I know that you're a f**king psychotic bitch who's always wanted to marry a Greek billionaire."

She wiped the tears away. "Damen..." Her voice cracked when, behind Damen, she saw that a crowd had formed inside his house and all of them could hear everything he was saying.

"Please, Damen-"

"I can't believe I chose you over a real lady like Alina."

His words didn't slash her heart like a knife stab.

Instead, his hateful words worked like a hammer that crushed her heart into pieces, the pain spreading to her lungs like wildfire and preventing her from breathing.

She hurt so much she could not breathe through the pain.

"Go back to Manolis. He can have my leftovers. I had you in every way-"

Mairi slapped him. "STOP. Please, please, please stop."

The force of Mairi's slap somehow made the haze of liquor-induced rage disappear, and Damen stiffened, feeling like something had possessed him in the past few minutes.

Mairi was sobbing.

The sound tore through him, but Damen steeled himself from being conned by Mairi again. It was an act. It was just a f**king act. "I won't give you another warning. If you're not out of here in five minutes, I will have you charged for trespassing."

And yet she stayed there, crying. God, she was still crying, like he had broken her heart when he knew now that she never had a heart.

"Four minutes."

He walked away.

She was still crying.

He got into his car, slamming his door shut.

He shouldn't hear her anymore, but why was it that he was still surrounded with the sound of her tears?

Damen called the head of his security. "If the five minutes are up and she's still not gone, get the police to arrest her." Ending the call, he looked at his chauffeur and snapped, "Drive."

"Where to, sir?"

"Just f**king drive." It didn't matter where. His heart had found its home in Mairi, and now that the truth was out, he didn't f**king care where he'd end up. Her betrayal had left him lost forever.

Chapter Fifteen

"You have one phone call, Ms. Tanner." Even though the police officer was talking to her, his face was averted. So was everyone else's in the precinct, affording her the chance to pretend that they had not all been a part of the most painfully humiliating incident in her life.

When she didn't answer, the police officer pressed gently, "Surely there is someone you would like to call to aid you?"

It was so hard to think.

She couldn't call her aunts. She didn't want them to think they had been wrong to let her dream.

She couldn't call her friends. She didn't want them to think they had been wrong to believe she was with a man who loved her.

She couldn't call Ioniko. She didn't want him to think he had been wrong to trust her when she said that her love would never die.

None of them deserved to be embroiled in her troubles, caused by her own naivete.

Ms. Tanner?"

A name slipped past her lips.

An indeterminate amount of time passed before she became dimly aware of a commotion, police officers hastily getting to their feet as their chorus of greetings filled the spacious station, made humid by the night's weather.

And then a familiar voice.

"Where is she?"

At last. Someone who could let herself just forget she existed.

****

The police officer pointed to where Mairi supposedly was, and upon following the other man's directions, bitter rage burned inside Stavros Manolis when his gaze found Mairi.

She sat alone on a row of seats, her back straight. She wore a shirt and jeans and mismatched shoes. Somehow, those mismatched shoes hurt like the f**king devil, telling him wordlessly about what Mairi had to have gone through in the past hour.

When he reached her side, Stavros crouched down on one knee, placing him at eye level with her. "Mairi?" He kept his voice gentle. She looked so damn breakable, like one wrong word would have her shatter and there would be no way to piece her together again.

Her eyes were dry now, but they were red and swollen, like she had been crying until there were no tears left to spare. Her voice was wobbly and high-pitched when she looked at him and said, "You were the only one I could ask for help."

Once, this girl had been as bright as the sun, as interesting as life's most beautiful secret.

But now she was dead inside, and Stavros knew he would not rest until he made the man who broke her heart pay.

He said tautly, "I'm here for you, Mairi. Tell me what you need and it will be done."

Her voice was almost inaudible when she spoke.

"Consider it done."

He was true to his word, and when his promise to Mairi was fulfilled, Stavros worked on being true to his other vow, the one he made to himself.

It took him mere minutes to find out where Damen Leventis was, a club lounge in one of Athens' most exclusive hotels.

The moment he was near enough to swing at Damen, Stavros did so, taking the other man by surprise with a right hook.

****

One moment Damen was in a discussion with his solicitor, and the next he was on the floor, his jaw aching. But his reflexes kicked in and Damen lunged, tackling his attacker and managing to land a blow on the other man's face.

Stavros.

"You will pay for what you did to Mairi," Stavros growled before he maneuvered the two of them around, with him on top of Damen and breaking his ribs with one hard punch.

The blow threw him off momentarily, but Damen recovered right away, punching Stavros on the side and at the other man's drawn breath, Damen knew that Stavros now had his own cracked rib or two as well.

They rolled away and got to their feet. But before they could tackle each other again, the hotel's guards were already there, pinning their arms behind their backs as they were escorted into the back of a police car.

Neither of them spoke during the ride, and after being booked, they were thrown into an empty cell together, Stavros and Damen standing at opposite sides.

Being in prison caused memories of Mairi to flay his mind, and Stavros demanded hoarsely, "Why? You said you love her so why would you hurt her like that?"

"Are you still under her spell? Wake up, Stavros! She has fooled us both! She's nothing but a gold digger who first targeted you and then me-"

Damen's words worked like the missing piece in a puzzle, and Stavros slowly shook his head. "You are the goddamn fool here." He looked at the other man, rage now mixed with pity. For Damen.

"Are you talking about what happened between us in high school?"

"What else?" he said bitterly. "I still can't believe everything was based on a f**king catch-a-billionaire strategy a teenager-"

Stavros snapped, "It isn't like that." Not waiting for Damen to argue with him, Stavros told the man who was once his close friend everything he knew of Mairi and the childhood she had.

Gnawing dread ate Damen as Stavros' words eventually painted the picture of a young girl who had dared to dream and had not let anyone's malicious jealousy stop her from viewing the world with rose-colored glasses.

"It was never about the money," Stavros grated. "If she only wanted a Greek billionaire, don't you think she would have continued to pursue me? Or Vlahos? It was about a dream...a f**king dream of true love and she thought you were the embodiment of that dream."

Damen said rawly, "Where is she now?"

"She took a flight home."

Everything in him demanded that he say no more, but Stavros was a fair man. Damen had been an idiot, but he had lashed out in his pain. Only a man who was so in love could be that vengeful. He said reluctantly, "It will not be simple finding her if she does not want to be found."

"I won't stop-"

"That's exactly what you have to do if Mairi chooses to disappear. I searched for her for years, and I am no poor man without resources. Her aunts have connections and they're...good. I only recently learned that they had studied my every movement and by doing so, they were able to prevent me from uncovering any lead that would take me to Mairi."

"But you found her-"

"Because they let me," Stavros finished. "So you must pray to all the gods that they would want you to find her, even if it's only for Mairi to shoot you in the head for what you did to her."

Damen whispered, "Even if she did, it would not be enough to undo the harm I have caused her."

Chapter Sixteen

It was late morning the next day when their solicitors succeeded in getting Stavros and Damen released. The two Greek billionaires shook hands, a mutual understanding having formed between them. Damen would grovel, and Stavros would be there watching.

"Drive me home."

It was a good half hour before they reached his home. As he retraced his steps to the front door, his heart began to beat faster and faster - and it was not doing so in a good way.

With every beat of his heart, he felt like he was suffocating.

By the time he reached the front door, Damen was on his knees.

In his mind, the picture of the last time he had seen Mairi was complete, tortuously vivid and inescapable.

The remembered sound of her sobs rang in Damen's mind, growing in volume until it was all he could hear.

Mairi was begging.

Please, Damen-

A choking gasp came out of Damen's throat, the memory tearing him open.

The front door flew open. "Sir!"

Damen pushed past the surprised-looking housekeeper, his breaths coming out in erratic gasps as he practically ran to the bedroom he once shared with Mairi.

I love you. A vision of a happy Mairi danced in his mind.

Please, Damen-

I miss you. Mairi on the bed, a loving look on her face.

Please, Damen-

He threw the door open, his gaze falling dumbly to the sight of mismatched shoes on the floor.

In his mind, he could see Mairi, being woken up in the middle of the night, exactly as he had planned. He had wanted her flustered, Damen thought with vicious self-hatred, and she had been flustered, so much so she had ended up wearing mismatched shoes.

Please, Damen-

Damen groaned out loud. "I'm sorry."

Please, Damen-

His hand shook as he reached for his phone and called the man he had assigned to tail Mairi incognito since the day he had declared his love for her at GAYL.

"Tell me everything, what she has been doing, who she was with - every f**king thing you know." He still could not explain why Mairi had seemed to act like she had been happy with the role of an idle woman of luxury, but Damen knew now that whatever the reason was, it would be a good one.

His employer's words were an answered prayer.

All the time he had been following Ms. Tanner, Christophe had wrestled with his guilt, wondering when it was the right time to intrude. Mr. Artini had been clear - he was not to let Mairi Tanner know he was around unless her life was under threat.

But what if she's being disrespected?

Then we pray that she will be able to handle it.

Mr. Leventis' orders had also been as ruthless and explicit.

You are not to let me know anything unless it is about her life in danger in any way.

Mairi Tanner's life had never been in danger, but her heart had been dying since the very first day.

"No school, no business - no one in Greece was willing to hire her in fear of retaliation from the Kokinos clan or your mother. In the end, Ms. Tanner accepted a virtual job."

The amount that Christophe named as Mairi's wages made Damen flinch, and the hours that such work entailed made Damen hate himself even more.

"She used the money she earned to buy a fish spa setup. It should be in your bedroom."

His gaze swiftly scanned the room.

There.

Damen slowly crossed the room. A fish spa. In an aquarium that seemed to have been designed by a man with a fetish for an alien's br**sts. On the armchair near it was a card, and he picked it up.

Happy First Month Anniversary, my love!

I wanted to give you a gift that no one else would have thought of giving you - did I succeed?

I want you to know that you're my dream come true and you'll always be so.

There is nothing I won't do for you, so please, lean on me - I am here to share not only in your success but your troubles, too.

I'm stronger than you think, you know.

I love you.

Your precious,

Mairi

The letter fell from his fingers.

His eyes closed.

He saw himself, no better than the lowliest bastard as he exploited her weakness. I can't believe I chose you over a real lady like Alina.

He saw Mairi, her heart shredded by his words, her dream ripped apart by his cruel actions.

Go back to Manolis. He can have my leftovers. I had you in every way-

Damen spun around, his fist hitting the glass of the closest window, the sound of its explosion no different from how he imagined the sound of Mairi's preciously innocent optimism being raped by his brutal attack.

STOP. Please, please, please stop.

Damen pounded the wall with his bleeding fist, again and again and again until a large crack formed on the blood-stained cement. He wanted to whip himself, sleep in a f**king bed of thorns - but he knew no self-punishment would be enough.

"I'm so f**king sorry, Mairi. I'm so f**king sorry."

