Chapter 1

Lucy

Rome

Basking out on the veranda with Blake Sienna, Chad and Toby, we were enjoying our late afternoon siesta after we'd returned, peckish and thirsty, from shopping in the Piazza di Spagna and Via del Babuino. We had enjoyed some peach Bellini's while the men enjoyed their alcoholic drinks as we shared the mini pastries, olives, cold cuts and assorted cheeses that were always right before us.

"Paris and Rome are like fashion orgasms for the gays. I think I've shopped myself to exhaustion. If I see one more Armani, I'm going to keel over and die." Chad sighed, exhausted. "But then again, if it looked good on me, I'd die wearing it. I'm going down hot, that's all I'm saying."

"Don't forget the hot men!" I chirped, remembering the sizzling encounters we'd had earlier.

Toby snorted and slammed his glass down, head shaking in disbelief.

Chad looked at him then at me. "Why aren't you two speaking or looking at each other?" Chad pointed at me and then at Toby, swishing his finger back and forth, suspicious. "You guys want some shots to loosen the tubes or what?" He grinned evilly, wicked thoughts etched in his dark eyes.

I stilled, hoping he would shut it before things went out of control. All morning I had tried to forget, but I just couldn't for the life of me believe what had happened last night.

I gave Chad a nasty look while he started laughing his butt off then slid a shot towards me and another towards Toby. "Heavy sexual vibes going on, that's all."

Toby shook his head, staring at the shot in front of him before he took it in one slug. "I suppose it's my fault. I kissed her yesterday."

Blasted fuck. Why did he have to brazenly announce something so personal?

I groaned, covering my face. "Shut up!"

Toby flinched, looking offended at my reaction. "Well, why don't we just have it out here, shall we, Lucy? After all, we are amongst friends."

All air left me as I stared at him with horror. "You wouldn't dare!" I spat back.

Our eyes battled while his nose flared, and he contemplated what to do next. When his lips pressed together, looking determined, I knew he was going for the kill.

Toby stood up, towering over us with his eyes flashing everything he was going through, baring it all out in the open. "Fine. I'm a twit! I'm a pig. I'm a bloody, fucking adulterer because I fucking had sex with you last night! I'm not going to apologize because I fucking loved every second of it. There wouldn't have been a difference anyway because I've cheated on my wife on a daily basis; looking at videos and pictures of you-of us. From the second our eyes met to our first kiss, it's you that I've loved." He looked away, mellowing down. "It was supposed to be you on the altar with me, Luce. It was supposed to be you and me forever, remember?"

This was too much. "Stop, please... I can't handle this," I begged, attempting to hold it all in while my eyes started to gloss with tears.

Sienna tried to reach out and soothe me, yet nothing was helping because, apparently, he wasn't done yet.

"It's true... I love you. Just say the word and I'll divorce Amelia straight away. I haven't consummated the marriage because... the thought of her as my wife repulsed me." He paused, composing himself. "I know this is a lot, especially since I have a kid on the way, but I'm fucking dying here, Lucy. When will you stop punishing me for what my family said to you and end my agony?"

"I don't know." I looked away, feeling uncertain.

"Okay. I'm walking away. I'm going to throw everything-every memento I have that reminds me of you-out. All I need to hear is for you to tell me that you don't love me."

He had the audacity to throw ultimatums? I was beyond incensed. "Easy. I don't love you!"

He painfully swallowed, sighed and toyed with his empty shot glass before he nodded, lips pressed together. "Mate, you know I'd be here for you, but I hope you understand that I have to leave right now," he directed at Blake then started to retreat towards the villa.

What? He just walked away after all that rubbish?

"Where the hell do you think you're going?" I stood up, yelling at the top of my lungs.

Not looking back, he yelled, "Home," and continued walking.

Bastard.

Clenching both of my hands, I groaned before I shot back, "London?"

"Spain," he responded before completely disappearing inside.

Still staring after him, I was rendered speechless. I was livid, shaking with rage, my tears unstoppable as I slowly sat back down, looking perplexed.

Chad instantly came towards me, holding me close.

"I had sex with him last night. When he kissed me, I forgot the fact that he was married," I managed to say, sobbing.

Blake looked at me, frowning with concern, as if he was in pain, too. "Lucy, I adore you, but you're too thick-headed sometimes. If Toby goes back to her and really tries to make this marriage work, you'd be in a shambles. Is that what you want?"

Instead of responding, I cried harder, knowing the weight of his words. Hell. This was pure Hell.

Out of nowhere, Chad slapped my cheek, catching me off guard as all I could do was stare at him. Horrified.

"GET YOUR ASS MOVING AND GET YOUR MAN BACK! GO!" he screeched into my face.

My cries stopped, halting amidst my shock with my mouth hanging ajar, my eyes unblinking.

Chad looked mad as he placed his hands on the side of my hips before he lifted me to stand on my feet. "GO!" he screamed into my face like a bloody Sergeant.

Huffing, I snapped out of my funk before I started marching indoors. "You're going to pay for that!" I managed to throw back at Chad, walking ahead.

"It was my pleasure!" he called after me, laughing.

I wasn't sure if Chad's brazenness offended or warmed me, however I knew I had to settle things with the determined man inside.

Bracing myself, I strode inside the villa, towards his bedroom.

+++

Last night...

I could feel the weight of his stare-heated, angry, impassioned...and defeated. Those crystal blues zoned in on me as if there was no one around-as if we weren't surrounded by three of our closest friends. His eyes told me what I didn't want to see. What I surely didn't need to feel.

He should know better, but apparently, the idea hadn't come across in his drunken brilliantness.

Sipping my wine slowly, I tried to listen to what my friend, Chad, was saying, but I failed utterly. I couldn't for the life of me focus on anything. As much as I tried to avoid his severe stare, he was somehow getting through to me. As always.

This was how it was between us. We shared this uncanny ability of knowing each other's feelings without muttering a word about it. Back in the day, it was one of the things that I had loved between us, yet that was all in the past-back at a time where things were pure and unsullied, surely not something that had carried over to this present day.

What was his purpose anyway? This was our first night in Rome and he was willing to spoil it for Sienna and Blake, our main reason for being here in the first place.

I couldn't break now. My pride had saved me thus far, and it was certainly going to protect me over the coming days, breathing and living around him on a daily basis. God or some other miraculous super power could only help protect my sanity.

Hoping was one thing; dealing with it in this instance was another.

"For the love of God! Stop staring at me." I finally flashed him a seething, hateful glare before I got up and huffed, leaving in haste. I was sure the rest of my friends, especially Sienna, were shocked at my sudden, explosive reaction. She must have thought I was the sanest one amongst all of us, however she was wrong. The inner thoughts were chaotic. Wretched. Bitter. But most of all, irrevocably heartbroken.

It was true. I might deny it to the rest of humanity, yet deep inside, the turmoil my mind and heart were going though was endless. Acting like a pompous bitch was the only defense mechanism that helped me get through this shit storm of a mess.

It had been four months now of enduring this vile, gut-wrenching pain after seeing him this past Christmas in Courchevel, France with another woman dangling on his arm.

I had never been the same again. It had been a wake-up call. A slap to the face. He might just as well have stomped my wretched heart with his heel because it sure felt like that. The lacerating pain I had suffered during that holiday... I would not, could not, ever forget.

Love was a blasted, prickly fool. Why had it chosen me?

I never wanted it to end-I wasn't ready to let him go, but I knew I had to. I didn't want to be the reason that would cause a rift in his family. Had I been selfish, things would've turned out differently.

Wishful thinking was a thing I loathed more than anything.

Back inside the villa, I was navigating around the vast hallways, striding towards my room while I kept reminding myself of the reason why I couldn't succumb to his blatant display of emotion. Shutting myself inside my bedroom, I sat on the bed, feeling bereft-unbalanced-even though my surroundings portrayed calm elegance.

Seraphina, our host and Blake's wonderful aunt, had decadent taste in decor. My room had been designed in modern Romanesque architecture with a lot of ivory, beige and different shades of earth colors. Add the hints of gold in the furnishings and it completed the space; giving it a nice, relaxing ambiance.

I probably just needed a moment to take the heat off my body, hoping my boiling blood would settle down and calm my senses. Being around him-seeing him laughing and smiling amongst our friends, our close-knit circle-just brought back great, old memories I'd had with him. After all, two years of bliss was a long time to be with someone.

Two years of building trust, love and a future together, and all of that had gone down the drain the moment his family had decided to step in, thinking I wasn't "fit" to be with their son. Their reason was as shallow as it could get. Apparently, their family was a distant relative to the royals. And by distant, I meant quite extremely far removed from the bloodline, but still, they held their heads high, thinking that they were circling in the same social strata as the queen herself.

Listening to the mother of the man you love dearly say damaging and shameful things about your own family, accusing us of being social climbers, had immensely gutted me inside out. Add a few more barbed comments from his grandmother, and it truly topped the bashful train that they were on, coming towards me full speed with no intentions of breaking. Then again, that had been their goal-drilling it into my head that I was never going to be the woman he married, and that I was always going to be the woman he shagged; that he merely had fun with.

Their words hit raw nerves.

For days, I had mulled over what they had said, keeping it to myself because I didn't have the courage to say any of it out loud. Sadly, I had been ashamed that others looked at me that way. It wouldn't matter that I never asked anything of monetary value; people were bound to draw up their own opinions, disregarding any truth so they could accomplish their mission. For him to marry someone in that circle-so that they could make a stronger bond in Society.

I came to a breaking point when I confided to my sister, telling her what had happened. When she asked me if I was willing to fight for him, risking the break-up of his family and having to help him pick-up the pieces afterwards-if the day came that he did choose me and the time came that he was going to start resenting that fact-would I be able to forgive myself? I was all yes to the rest, but my conscience took precedence when I thought of him resenting me.

Parting with him had been the hardest thing I had ever done-walking away from the only man I had ever loved-but I had known I was doing it for his own good. His family needed him for all sorts of reason, and I just couldn't compete with that.

As much as I adored him to bits, I held on to the hope that I might get over him if I just pushed him enough, convincing him that it was truly over for me.

And he had. Not straight away, but he had fallen into another woman's arms months after.

I thought seeing him with another person would push me to try and move on as well, yet unfortunately, I had been simmering in my own torment, still trying to ebb the pain in my heart.

Maybe someday I'd find another man that could come close to him. Someday... perhaps.

Releasing a breath, I decided to come out of hiding, hoping that I could explain my sudden psychotic meltdown to Chad and Sienna without giving too much away. Those two had the knack of being able to break through my barriers. As much as I loved them, I sort of hated the fact that they could use that to their advantage when they needed the truth from me.

Yanking the door open, I suddenly stopped functioning, stilling at the sight of him standing right in front of the door, looking as wretched as ever.

"What are you doing here?" I made a shaky, chilling whisper. For the first time after I had walked out on him, I finally looked at his face-really looked at him. His cheeks had a tint of redness from alcohol. His hair had that look that it had been pulled about in all directions while his eyes penetrated into my soul-through my shield.

"I came here to apologize." His tone told me that he was apologizing for far more than what had happened tonight. He was apologizing for everything that had happened. If only that word could erase him from memory-from all the misery it had cost me-but it was too late.

Barely giving him a curt nod, I gave him a deadpanned look. "Will that be all?"

His eyes darkened; he had been hurt from my brash abruptness so badly that there was no hint of blue anywhere within their depths. "You bloody well know that isn't all, Lucy!" he stormed out, his eyes flashing at me. "You've been cutting and blocking me in at all corners to the point that it became difficult to get through to you-had you listened-"

"Had I listened to what?" I screeched with my chest heaving while my eyes trained on him, waiting.

His brows furrowed, frustration etched all over his face. "Had you listened to me," he managed to say, unblinking, "we wouldn't have broken up." My heart ached at the sound of his voice cracking. What was the point of bringing the past up now? Everything was too late. He just needed to come to terms with that.

"I'm not discussing this with you again."

His nose flared as he brushed past me and took the liberty of shutting the door himself before facing me with those thunderous eyes. "Why the fuck not? We never really did, did we?" he hissed, chest heaving before he decided to step closer, stopping mere inches from my heated face. "You fucking threw me away like some rotten rubbish you no longer needed."

I caught a heady whiff of his cologne and nostalgia racked all over my body. Locking my jaw, my gaze indirectly avoided his, wandering about his neck and chest before my eyes settled on his lips. The lips that had tasted other women. The lips that had once told me that I was his forever. The same lips that had once sealed my fate while I had hoped he'd meant every word. I might've held my ground, but deep in my heart, I was a walking contradiction. Because maybe I wanted him to fight for me. Maybe because I hoped that he'd come back and tell me that he had managed to fix the situation with his family. It never happened that way, though. I was on my own, holding out for something that was never going to happen. Much more so now. All I had to do was think of Amelia and everything came into sharp focus.

"Well, had it ever occurred to you that maybe I didn't need you?" I gritted out, hardening my heart and hoping that it would stay that way forever.

"Interesting really, since you and I were talking about buying our own place, even skirting around the subject of marriage." His eyes dropped low, staring at my heaving chest.

Wow. He had the gall to speak about marriage? Un-fucking-believable.

"This is absolutely pointless."

His desirous, veiled gaze instantly turned cold, spitting daggers at me. "It isn't to me!" he hissed, stepping a tad too close for my comfort, his eyes impertinently locked on my trembling lips. "It means the world to me-everything, Luce."

Luce. I used to love that he called me that. "Funny, 'cause I sure as hell am not part of your world." I made a shaky laugh, willing myself not to cry. "Not anymore."

"Tell me-tell me what you need, and I'll give it to you." His sad, conflicted eyes searched mine before he whispered in a raspy tone, "Just come back to me."

Licking my lips, I stared at him. Wide-eyed. Conflicted. Barely hanging by a thread.

"You must know that I haven't stopped loving you. Not even for a day. Not for a second." When his hand reached out to cradle my cheek, a small sob escaped from my lips as I closed my eyes, having difficulty not crying. This was past torment. "A part of me still believes that you love me." His hot breath brushed against my lips, honing in closer. "We were supposed to be forever, Luce. Give me something to hope for."

Hope. What hope? We had none. Everything had expired the moment he had taken that step towards the inevitable. For weeks on end, I had wallowed with my shattered heart, praying that I was dreaming... having the hardest time believing that he would really hurt me in the worst possible way... thinking that the man who had given me all those promises would never destroy our future.

All it had taken was one simple text message from Chad, stating that he was sorry, confirming everything I'd dreaded hearing.

My prayer hadn't been answered, and I had to live with that.

Every single moment, each passing day, I had to come to terms with the fact that all I had left of him was memories. Did he have any idea how much I struggled to survive? No, of course he didn't. He was too busy. With her.

He was Amelia's and not mine to claim anymore. I knew that... however my heart couldn't be taught-it obediently wept for him.

"I have had just about enough... I can't take it-please." It hurt too damn much. "No more. Please. Just leave."

"Luce-"

I pressed my hand on his chest, pushing him away. "Toby... I can't take-"

An animalistic, deep groan escaped from him before he yanked my hand and pulled me towards him, slamming my chest against his, causing an explosive friction between us. When his lips met mine, I felt anger rise, spreading through me like wildfire. Infuriated that I had missed him. Helpless that I simply couldn't stop him.

Both of his hands were behind my head, his fingers gripping into my hair as he demolished my lips. Each kiss broke through my shield, shattering it into smithereens.

Through his lips, I felt his sorrow, his intensifying hunger, his love. Good grief, I felt his love. It invaded me all at once. He clouded everything like a fog, making me only see him and nothing else.

His heart galloped against mine, disarming me even more.

Chapter 2

Lucy

Present

I slowly paced towards his bedroom door, breathing roughly amidst the riotous, unsteady beat of my heart. Staring at the terra cotta tiles as I quietly walked along, I was telling myself to calm down and think rationally. That I should think of the outcome, the consequences of my drastic actions.

After last night, I was still unsure of everything. I mean, did I feel guilty? Yes, I truly did. But did I regret it? My mind did, however my body certainly didn't. So that left me at a crossroads, not sure where to turn to.

Now, standing outside his door, every nerve ending rattled in my body. I knew the second I would open this subject with Toby, nothing could be taken back... yet I knew I had to go through this for both our sakes, even if it resulted with or without each other.

Holding my breath, I gently knocked a few times before taking the liberty of opening the door myself. Walking inside, I saw the room was somehow similar to mine, but Toby had all the drapes pushed aside and the bright, Roman sunshine lit his room entirely. He was nowhere in his receiving area, so I cautiously strolled towards the open double-doors to the bedroom and could see that he was in the bathroom, taking his things and dumping them in a black weekend bag. When he strode back inside the bedroom with a heavy scowl on his face, he immediately stilled as he saw me standing there mid-stride.

"I was hoping we could talk..." I paused, feeling like his eyes were choking the words out of me. They were too much-too powerful for me to think coherently.

I caught the bob of his throat, going up and down a few times before he looked away and then went towards his bed and laid the duffel bag next to the open, empty luggage. "I think you've said enough, Lucy."

Licking my lips, I ignored the quick, stabbing pain that dug through my heart. "About what happened earlier... and last night-"

"I'm not going to hold it against you, so you need not worry." He cleared his throat before he spun to face me. His eyes didn't hold the look of love. And for some reason, I wasn't comforted by that information. "And as for my outburst right before our friends, I apologize for the embarrassment, and for all the other instances where I had put you on the spot."

This should have been my cue to reel him back to me, but I didn't. Of course I didn't. "Last night shouldn't have happened... and as for that outburst you had outside, I understand where you're coming from, but this trip wasn't about you or me. This is about Blake and Sienna. We were supposed to be here for them, so let's do just that; place our differences aside and act civilized towards each other. They both deserve it." Throwing the guilt card was the only thing I could do for him not to leave. Blake and Sienna meant so much to us both that I knew he'd feel like a monster leaving because his heart issues were getting in the way.

He sighed deeply, running a hand over his hair. "You're right."

I knew I was.

And so we compromised.

Later that night, Sienna surprised us all by proposing to Blake, moving all of us to tears. The ceremony was held in the garden, amongst friends and family. Their love was genuine. I remember witnessing it all and wishing that someday I hoped to find that kind of love with someone.

It took every ounce in me not to glance at Toby from the ceremony to the reception. The cloak of love and desire was too heady for me to risk it. Last night had been risky enough, however if I let my heart rule tonight, I was going to be in big trouble.

So I remained calm-detached-until it was time to wish the couple away to their honeymoon. After bidding them a safe farewell, it was only then that I breathed out a sigh of relief, knowing that I would be flying out first thing in the morning, hoping not to see him any longer.

I was on the veranda, enjoying the night air as I recalled the wonderful night of my friends' beautiful union, when I heard him behind me, clearing his throat to get my attention.

Spinning around to face him, I saw he stood a few steps away, looking certain-confident-and yet, unsure. We were both still dressed in our formal attire. I had to enforce the voice of reason, telling myself that this man wasn't mine as I pried my eyes away from him and looked elsewhere.

"I'm leaving in a few minutes."

His words caught me off guard. He was leaving tonight? Why? It was almost midnight. "Oh," was all I could manage in my shock. Of all the things I had expected from him, I hadn't been expecting this.

He cleared his throat for the second time before speaking to me. "I want to thank you for earlier, intervening about my leaving, or I would've missed out in my best friend's special night."

For the first time, I smiled at him. Yes, he sure wouldn't have forgiven himself if he had missed Blake Knightly's wedding. "You're welcome."

My smile made him crack a tiny grin as well, sending flutters all over my stomach. Toby Watson not only was dashingly gorgeous, but he sure did know how to make use of those dimples that had-and still did-weakened me in the knees.

"It's been lovely to see you, Lucy."

I nodded. "You, too."

His eyes lingered, burning me up as they brushed my face. He opened his mouth as if to say something, but then immediately shut it, nodding before he spun around to leave.

My heart dropped as I watched him walk away, retreating inside the villa to leave through the main doors while I remained in my spot, telling myself that pushing him away was the right thing to do.

Gripping the balcony rail, I stared at the fountain ahead as I pulled the pins out of my bun, needing to do something other than think about the numbness that was settling into my soul.

"Luce?"

My eyes widened, my heart torn in two that he had come back. "Yes?" I whispered, not facing him.

I didn't hear his footsteps, but I felt him close... so close that my skin prickled at his proximity. I felt his heat even though he wasn't touching me. He was right behind me, and that thought filled me with dread-with lust and excitement and even more heartbreak.

"I just have to ask for the last time, even after you've told me that you didn't love me at all-" he breathed out. "But if there's any chance that you might take me back after all of this-if there's a tiny hope that you might like me still... I would die to get the chance to be with you again."

Frozen on the spot, I stood there and listened to him speak, knowing quite well where this was all going to end.

"Give me a shred of hope, Lucy."

"My feelings haven't changed. My answer hasn't changed, either." There was some truth in that.

I heard him take a sharp breath, as if my words had truly gutted him. "I need to come to terms with all of this-that I should've known from the start that once you made your choice, it could never be undone. You left-" he whispered. "You left without looking back, without remorse... you were unfeeling, as if I had meant nothing to you. In the beginning, I thought it a joke, but as it went on, I reeled from bewilderedness and sought temporary remedies to ease my pain..."

After all of my practiced indifference, I completely dropped the facade the moment he threw me back into past. "To ease your pain. Fucking Amelia, you mean?" I threw in the barb, as if her name was acid on my tongue, spinning around to face him.

His temper flared. "After I saw you go out with that model bloke, what did you expect?" he pressed closer.

He was pushing my irritated, agitated and very frustrated buttons. "You were shagging your best friend's castoffs! You could've at least thought with your head up here!" I tapped the side of my head, almost screaming at him. "But you didn't care about that tiny, sordid detail because you simply wanted to shag your way into oblivion." Growling at him, the words freely flowed out of my mouth. "Oh, no-fucking the Spanish bitch wasn't quite enough, you just had to get her pregnant and marry her in haste because I was ignoring all your pleas."

"And that bothers you, doesn't it? WHY? Is it because you wanted to be my bride?" he flung challengingly. "Or is it because you wanted to be the woman to carry my child?"

Each word pierced me because the truth of the matter was, I longed to be where Amelia was. By his side. His wife. The mother of his child.

Of course he was right. I envied her.

I had cast him aside, so my bitter words and resentment should only be mine to suffer and endure. Not him. Not Amelia. But me; the idiot who had thought I was doing the right thing by giving in to his mother's manipulations.

Last night had been my goodbye. It should have been enough. I had made a string of mistakes because I was too heartbroken to think properly. Too broken to see through the fog of unshed tears-the heavy weight of my sorrow, and the love that had once been so great that I had completely lost myself.

Now everything had changed. The fog no longer blocked me from seeing things clearly, and as much as I liked to ponder my errors, I'd rather choose to think about what to do to improve the future.

Even though he had said he hadn't consummated his marriage with her, it wasn't right. From what I had gathered from Blake, both led separate lives but were staying together because of the baby that she was carrying. Even then... this didn't make it right.

I had to set him free-free of the shackles of me, the ghost of me-of us.

"No," I murmured. "You're wrong. I never wanted to be any of those. When I thought of my future, I hadn't included you in it."

If my selflessness could make his marriage work, then I should be happy to know that I at least had done right by him in the end; even though I had caused him so much agony in the beginning.

He looked confused for a moment before the words slowly sunk into him. His facial expression looked beyond hurt. The rawness of his pain took my breath away. For a single moment, I thought about taking my lies back, however I held back and remained strong, hoping this would enlighten him towards a better life with his child.

"Everything I once thought or believed... are you telling me that it was all a lie?" he asked in a tone that made the hair on my back stand on end.

Swallowing the heavy lump in my throat, the weight of my lies pressed against my heart, vowing that this would be the last time I would hurt him. "I had never meant for it to go that far..." My eyes captured his lovely face once more, knowing that this could be the last time I saw him. "Your mother was my excuse to break things off with you, but the truth is..." My voice shook, however my determination pushed me to continue, "I've been in love with Troy since before I broke things off with you."

"Don't fuck with me like this, Luce..." he quietly begged, searching my eyes for the truth, as if the world had been pulled out from beneath his feet.

I loved you, but I had to let you go. "It's the truth," I uttered the ultimate lie, knowing that I was going to nurse a very damaged heart once I got back to England.

Chapter 3

Toby

"I've been in love with Troy since before I broke things off with you."

Blinking a few times, I shook my head from the difficultly of wrapping my head around the information she'd just struck me with.

In love...

With another man? Sure, she'd dated him, but enough to fall in love that fast even before she had resolved her unfinished business with me? It's a high possibility, my mind mocked, leaving me with anxiety.

"Don't fuck with me like this, Luce..." I begged while I stared at her in disbelief, not willing to accept the lies that kept spewing out of her mouth.

"It's the truth."

Not only did her words leave me broken, but they also squashed what little lightness I had left in my life. Last night had given me hope, yet after this revelation, Lucy left me in a world of ceaseless pain and suffering.

I could tell she was waiting for me to say something-anything to challenge what she'd just said. I didn't think my love for her would be enough for me to recover from this alone, so if she intended to say something more, I knew with all that I was that I couldn't handle it.

Without a backward glance, I rushed out of the villa, past the awaiting car that was supposed to take me to the airport, and headed straight into the night, needing to get lost and never be found.

Three hours later, I found myself calling the driver to pick me up at a bar.

After hours of contemplation, I knew what I had to do. Even though I could barely speak coherently due to being too inebriated, my mind was clear as sky on a sunny day when I thought of Lucille Connelly.

It started with me calling her Lucille. Then Lucy for short before it became Luce.

Our story had begun quickly, like a rollercoaster ride-dipping high and low in accelerated speed with no means of stopping. Like most relationships, we'd had our rough times, however it had always been her who would pull us back together with the use of her endless supply of love and sunny optimism.

Falling in love with her had seemed natural, like how the sun sets and rises. Like the seasons shifts and changes. Loving her had consumed me from the beginning and I had thought then that I was the luckiest man alive to have such a gem in my life. Little had I known that about two years later, the life I had once planned for would merely be a thing of the past.

An illusion.

A fantasy.

And yet, even though I knew this path was surely never going to happen, I still found myself thinking about the past.

Thinking about my Luce.

Thinking about how we had once been together-blinded by love and happiness.

What had led us astray?

The half-filled glass of whiskey with two large ice cubes enticed my attention as I softly played the piano. Lucy was in the kitchen scavenging a light snack-she was famished-while I sat there and lazily played the keys, satisfaction humming in my blood.

Our weekends were filled with an unlimited supply of heated, sensual shagging, and tonight wasn't an exception. After the tumultuous afternoon I had with my parents, I needed this-needed her-to heal me once more and bring me back to my old self.

I was engrossed in the piano, making sure I was hitting the right keys to Moonriver, when Lucy came over, carrying something in her hand. She had an animated smile, beautifully blushing as she held the chocolate cupcake with whipped dark chocolate topping before me that had a small party candle on it. "Happy birthday!"

I gasped with enthusiasm. "You didn't!"

Blowing the candle out, I grinned like a silly kid, touched by her gesture. She didn't have to go through the lengths of throwing me an elaborate party because with her mere cupcake alone it went beyond words. It was the thought that mattered most, and one of the main things I admired about this woman-she could easily afford extravagance, but she always tended to keep it simple. A trait I admired in a woman.

My hunger went past admiration as I pulled her against me, holding her around the hips. "How did you know?" Blake was out of town, and since I wasn't speaking to my parents at the moment, I had decided not to mention it to anyone. Not even Lucy. So imagine my surprise when she came out with this.

She had one of my dress shirts on, looking demure and yet provokingly enticing as she nervously played with one of the buttons with her thumb and finger. "I hope you don't mind, but I snooped a bit the first week we started dating."

Women. Why am I not surprised? "Did you now..." I mused. God, I loved the way she blushed and how her eyes would spark blue fire each time she felt like she was being challenged.

"Certainly. You were in the shower when I took hold of your wallet and pulled out your I.D. I swear it was only for age verification, nothing more."

"Oh, really?" The magnetic energy that surrounded us as we stared into each other was electrifying. Tantalizing.

"Yes, birthday boy," she murmured, shyly looking up as her eyes flickered back and forth, as if searching for some truth in me. "The other night, I heard your conversation with Blake on the phone." She nervously paused. "I don't particularly know what's going on with your family, but I just want to let you know that I'm here for you, too. If you need someone's ear to listen to your grumbles, or to have someone to empathize in your situation, or to have someone to ease some of the stress with, I can be that person for you. " She took a deep breath while her eyes flashed with momentary fright. "I love you... I have for quite some time now."

Literally, my heart skittered about at her confession. How often had I held my tongue from speaking those very same words each time I made love to her?

Countless.

And how long had I pined for her to feel the same way?

Way before she had noticed I existed.

Yes, I had been captivated the very second my eyes found her. She possessed me in ways I had never thought possible.

A part of me wanted to tease her and question specifics about when she'd realized she was in love with me, but my emotions were quite too profound to even comprehend anything. "You own my heart, Luce. In every which way-it's yours." Cradling her cheek, my mouth delved into her lips, kissing her with such hungered passion that I felt completely and utterly undone.

I was hers.

She pulled back a little, gazing up at me with pure love shining in her depths. "Don't break my heart," she murmured with evident vulnerability.

She'd had boyfriends before I had come along, but for some reason, I felt like Lucy was giving me something precious she hadn't given any man before-something greater than her love-and I felt undone

"I can't promise you that, but I can guarantee that I will put you above everything else and promise that I will always stay truthful to you." That was better than a promise any man could deliver to a woman. Promises were meant to be broken. Vows, on the other hand, mostly came from the heart, as did mine.

She merely nodded before giving me a small kiss on the lips. "You're mine, Mr. Watson."

Watching her lick her bottom lip, I let out a low, deep growl. One that sounded as if my body was revving up for another round. On the bed. On the piano. The kitchen. I wanted her everywhere with her body spread out, naked, lustful, until I'd had my fill. Until I had finished unleashing this rotted need to experience her fully-body, mind and soul.

It was a madness of nonsensical emotions, but who could truly define a person being in love anyway? It was like an obsessive lunacy-nothing had ever been enough to appease a man's appetite.

A man could never appreciate love until he had experienced it himself.

And I was that smitten man, driving blindly into the unknown darkness on cruise control.

Chapter 4

Toby

Present

"I want a divorce."

Amelia snorted, unfazed while giving me a nasty glare before looking away. She was carefully putting her make-up on, readying to leave to meet her friends. "Like that will ever happen. I'm pregnant. You can't leave me," she said nonchalantly, as if what I was demanding was of no concern to her.

Amelia was a bitch, I knew that quite well. Each day I was seeing the rotten side of her and I couldn't stomach the stench of her blackened heart. Her dismissive attitude did not help with my mood. She liked to provoke me to see if she had the capability to make me lose my cool, but I hadn't gotten that temperamental with her. A part of me felt bad for her-at one point in time we were somehow comrades in our broken hearts and unrequited love-but I could only endure so much before all Hell broke loose, and when that day ever arrived, I wouldn't hold back an inch.

Glaring at her reflection, I shrugged before striding towards the walk-in closet, yelling, "Too bad 'cause I'm packing as soon as I can."

I was a rational man. Compared to my best friend, Knightly, I could be mistaken for a saint. I wasn't the one with a flaring temper, but leave it to Amelia to fuck with my head to the point that rationale went out the window.

Pressing the button on the side drawer to automatically open the cabinet door that held my luggage, I impatiently waited as I listened for the quiet, swift sound of it opening when I heard the Spanish she-devil emerge, mouth loaded with foul ammunition.

"And do what, mi amor? Go back to her?" she sneered, rolling her dark eyes at me. She was wearing a long, silk red dress that strategically hid her blossoming belly. Amelia loved to wear red-probably because she loved to provoke raging bulls, like me for instance.

"She's gone."

Her words affected me, of course they did, and she knew it. Nevertheless, it had taken me quite some time to realize that, if I was going to be miserable forever, I'd rather do it alone, without having to deal with this rubbish. Due to my brokenness, I had let my parents bulldoze me into marrying her. I had also let myself succumb to her advances even though I had known she was all sorts of bad news. However, I wasn't that shattered, weakened man any longer because, after that one night with Lucy, I had somehow regained my conscience. It was like the heavy fog had been lifted, and I could see clearly for the very first time since she had dumped me.

"I'll have my lawyers contact you," I said as I pulled out my phone and started texting the lawyer my aunt had given me. She had never favored this marriage to begin with, so when I had mentioned that I was thinking about divorcing or annulling the marriage, she had immediately got the ball rolling.

My aunt was lovely and adored Lucy like she was her own daughter. Since she and her husband couldn't bear children, they'd treated me like I was their own. As shitty as my parents were to me, my aunt and uncle had given an overabundance of love and affection, fulfilling what my parents had lacked in any department. So, even though I would get wrath from parting ties with Amelia's powerful family, my aunt's approval was enough to push me into putting things into motion.

"I'm going to fucking ruin you, and you won't ever see this child. Never!" she growled, almost launching herself at me with those long, red lacquered nails that reminded me of a witch.

The baby. I was still on the fence with that one since rumors had started circulating after we had announced our nuptials that she had been sleeping with a married man, though she'd vehemently denied all of it, of course. Therefore, I had been left to wonder.

"Try threatening me when I get the DNA results, stating this child is truly mine. The second you give birth to that child, I will make sure to coordinate the testing myself. I'm done playing mind games with you. It's game over, Amelia." Blake had suggested this, only confirming the doubts I'd had to begin with that Amelia was capable of that kind of viciousness. She was, after all, a woman scorned-too heartbroken to think straight-and would do anything to try and hurt me. Hurting me would indirectly wound her main target-my best friend, Blake Knightly.

The results could be doctored, and I needed to make sure that the baby was mine before I negotiated visitation rights. If it was mine, I was going to be a part of his or her life, whether she approved or not.

"I won't let this happen." She was shaking in rage. "I won't let you pigs ruin me again. I will see to it!"

"You came on to me so many times after I had declined you-you wouldn't take no for an answer. I am fucking done with your hissy fits." I zipped up my things and looked over whatever else I needed to get before I gave her one last look then immediately departed, leaving her on the verge of combustible fury.

Threats, big or small, wouldn't sway me.

This had started with Lucy and it would end with Lucy, that was all I could be certain of.

She might think she didn't want me, but she had at one point. She certainly had in Rome. Though she wouldn't admit to it, I had felt her giving me her all. With each kiss, with every touch, each moan, and with each intensifying stroke of her tongue; the woman with whom I had made love that night had been with me all the way. I had no doubt that it was my Lucy that I had held that night. One night with her had been all I needed to free myself of this burden-the regrets I had carried for quite awhile.

And I would surely get her back.

It would take some time, but I would eventually make her love me again.

+++

"This is your mother. After what you did to our family, you can at least have the decency to take one of my calls. Your father, grandmother and I are all disappointed in you." She sounded like she was trying to hold her temper but failing miserably. "You have shamed us all beyond belief. How could you do this to me? How dare you do this to your family?" She made a sniffing sound before pausing and then her evil voice returned. "Fix this or we will disown you." And at that, she disconnected from my voicemail.

My mother reminded me a lot of Amelia. She, too, had been having a ball, calling and leaving voice messages at ungodly hours. I tried to delete as much as I could, yet sometimes, I couldn't spare my energy for idiocy.

Normally, since I was based in Marbella, I should be heading straight to Blake's villa that overlooked the Mediterranean Sea. It had been my residence for over a year now, but I simply didn't want to be in Spain any longer. Not only was I homesick, thoughts of permanently moving back to England had been taking precedence as of late.

I just wanted my home. I wanted to be near Lucy.

During a quick call to Blake, in which I only gave him the small version of what had happened with my farcical union of a marriage, I told him I was heading home. And since I was already in the process of eliminating a lot of things in my life, I quit my job as the financial head of Knightly Industries. I used to love it, but now, I felt like I needed to head in a different direction. Somewhere that I could have more growth, learn the ropes on my own.

Maybe it was time to pursue my dreams, one at a time.

I had always wanted to have my own Hedge Fund firm. Following that dream was as good as any. I had nothing to lose and everything to gain.

The main goal at the end of this trail was to have Lucy back. For me to accomplish that, I had to attain something of my own-a sense of worth, enough to feel deserving of standing by her side. I had done enough damage to the both of us. I hoped, sooner rather than later, that I could be on my way to fixing this. And I would, however first, I needed to be a free man. Free from all of those leeches that were latching onto me, draining me of everything that I was-Amelia, my family, and all the other bad influences in my life. Starting at the beginning, I needed to wipe everything out. It would be difficult to get there, but I would accomplish it. I had one goal in mind, and she was more than worthy to suffer through Heaven and Hell for.

Chapter 5

Lucy

"Look at you-you look like shit."

I didn't have to look up to know that it was Chad who had joined me. I was at the nearest cafe from my flat in Covent Garden, and for some brilliant reason this prick had just managed to hunt me down. Wasn't he supposed to be in New York with Luke, his other half?

I had to close my notes along with the schoolbook I was studying. I had exams coming and his interruption wasn't welcome. Besides, after the crazed bitch-slap he had given me, I wasn't sure if we were still on speaking terms.

"Geez, good of you to stop by uninvited." Sarcasm laced my words, but the mocha-skinned man barely rolled his eyes at me, unfazed by my coldness.

"I don't need an invite to see you, so get over it." He reached out to take my half-eaten pistachio biscotti and munched on it. "It sucks to be here in London without Sienna. I feel like something's missing in my heart." He annoyingly sighed before having the audacity to take a sip of my cappuccino, too.

Really? This was not the time to mess with me. Surely this bugger hadn't come to see me only to be melancholy about not having Sienna around. I knew those two were close, but sometimes I wished he'd give me the same attention. I missed him, too.

Masking the hurt in my eyes, I directed a glare at him. "To what do I owe this pleasure, Chad?"

He flicked the crumbs off the side of the table, looking at me with pure consideration. What I saw in his eyes sort of broke my heart. He was concerned about me; those dark eyes had somehow reached inside me and simply knew what gutting pain I was going through. It completely undid me.

Choking back the heavy lump in my throat, I looked away from the intensity of those dark eyes, hoping I could hide from it.

"He's finally divorcing her. I flew in the moment he called."

No wonder. He was here to the rescue. Since Sienna was on her honeymoon with Blake, Chad needed to make sure I was not going bonkers.

"Don't feel guilty; it's not your fault, baby love."

Damn him. Why did it seem like he just knew what to say? Was he intending for me to cry because, seriously, I was on the brink of it. Maybe tears would make me feel relief...

"I had no idea," I croaked out, blinking back the unshed tears.

"We all knew this was coming," he murmured soothingly. "The only question was when he would do it. We all have been perfectly aware he did it for the wrong reasons. Amelia had a weird hold of him... but I think Rome made him snap out of it."

Rome. God, thinking about Rome hurt. Thinking about him was too much. I had spewed lies, hoping he would secure his marriage, but the result had backfired on me. What happened now?

"How is he?"

He shrugged. "Why don't we go and find out?"

Was he crazy? No. I wasn't ready to face him. Not yet. "I can't handle that right now." There was no point in denying anything to Chad. He was just too perceptive and knew too much to be lied to.

He nodded, eyeing me with understanding.

Reaching out for my coffee, I took a small sip before carefully placing it back on the small, white saucer. My mind raced on, recalling everything as I took in the news. He was divorcing-dissolving his marriage. He'd be a free man again. Would he seek me out? And if he did, what would I do? Was I ready to be with him? Was I ready to take on the hate and wrath that came with it?

"Why didn't you ever beg, Luce?"

Chad's question brought me out of my reverie as I frowned at him. "Excuse me?"

"You heard me. Why didn't you ever beg him not to do it? You fucking love the man. What the fuck? I just don't get it. I want to understand why you were being such a cold-hearted bitch."

Whoa. I had never heard him talk to me that way. Was he angry at me?

"What makes you think-?"

"You could've saved you both from this heartache. Neither of you are happy, so I want to know why. Why push away the guy who worshipped you like you were made out of gold? Why push him away when you couldn't live without him?" He paused when he saw me about to argue with him. "You're not happy. You've only been miserable since the moment you left him, love."

Would he understand if I told him that I had done it for Toby? That I hadn't wanted to come between him and his family? That I hadn't wanted to put him in a position where he had to choose? Toby was a good man. He loved his family. Even though they were dysfunctional at best, they were his family. They needed to sort that out themselves. I cared for him too much to put him in an awful position.

"It's hard to explain," I started. "I did love him-, more than anything." My heart was his. Forever. "Sometimes, love makes you do things. Things that you hope will be for the best... my intentions were faultless. I needed to put him first before my needs..." My throat constricted, thinking about the searing pain I had endured after walking away from him. "I realized that our own best interest doesn't necessarily solve anything. Sometimes it turns out for the worst and backfires. A miniscule problem could grow into something bigger, something that's hard to control." I had bit off more than I could chew. Not only guilt was festering me into ruins, thinking about the baby placed an acrid, vile taste in my mouth.

"Love makes us do crazy things. I mean, look at Mighty Knightly and all the shit he had to pull off to be with Sienna. But one thing stood out, and that's the only thing we should learn, which is never to fucking give up, Lucy. I look at you and I already see defeat. What happened to your backbone? You took part in this mess, at least bitch up and be there for the man you've fucked over. He needs you."

"I don't know..."

"I'm not asking you to be back with him. All I'm asking is for you to show your face. You don't even have to say anything. Just be around, show that you care, even if it's killing you inside."

Could I do that? Could I stomach seeing the hate in his eyes?

"Toby might not be too pleased about that."

"Trust me on this; that man is nuts and bolts loony for you."

+++

"Lucy?"

I looked up and clashed eyes with him.

"Would you like to have dinner with me?"

Was he really asking me this or was I dreaming?

For weeks, I had secretly lusted after him, dropping subtle hints that I was more than interested, but he hadn't taken the bait. Last week, I had been convinced that he saw me just as a friend from school. After all, he and Blake Knightly were sought after by all of the women in our school and he could have a pick of whoever took his interest.

My crushed hope was now alive and kicking as I blinked back a few times, considering his question.

"Uh, sure." Fuck. I sounded downright awful. I hoped he wouldn't change his mind. I wouldn't recover from it. I was sure of it.

He looked around the crowded library before glancing down at me again, smiling his mega-watt smile. "Mind if I take you away right now?"

"You want to have dinner... now?" I gulped some much needed air. I better not hyperventilate; it was only a dinner invitation, not him asking me if I wanted a quick shag against the dusty bookshelves...

Though if he had outright asked me that, I would have willingly obliged.

"If it's too much, we could do it tomorrow night?" he unsurely added with a teasing tone.

I hardly doubt I'd survive a night berating myself if I declined.

"Right now is perfectly good." I immediately got up and neatly took care of my things, placing them inside my tote. Nervously, I gave him a quick glance before he showed us out the library. When we emerged from the building, the sky was dark and the air a tad chilly, but considering how I was a ball of heat next to this man, my cotton long-sleeved black top was enough.

"What do you feel like having tonight?"

You, my mind blurted out, making me inwardly blanch at my wayward thoughts. For fuck's sake, I needed to clear my head or I would ruin this one chance I had with him. And God forbid if I ever did.

"Chinese sounds good."

He grinned. "Is that all you fancy?"

Was that a trick question? It had to be. "For the moment, I suppose it is."

"I like how your cheeks glow pink when you lie a tad," he mused, blatantly teasing me.

My fuck, did he know about how I felt about him?

I reddened some more as I followed him to his parked Audi. He gallantly opened the door for me, but before I slid inside, he took me by the hand then dipped his head and whispered into my ear, "Breathe, Luce. I won't bite unless you let me."

I nervously licked my lips, completely out of my depth as I stared into his eyes, feeling alive for the very first time in my life.

Something had lit inside of me. Something had snapped, and now, I was barraged with all these heady emotions. There was something about the way he looked at me; it was like he saw who I was, what I was, and what I would become. It was as if he knew...

His spellbinding depths told me that he was ready for the inescapable.

Well, so was I.

Chapter 6

Lucy

"He just bought a place around Hyde Park." Chad chatted up as we rode in a black cab heading towards the said newly purchased home.

Though he kept talking to me, I was remained still, silently listening as I got lost in my own thoughts. Where was Amelia now? Would she let this happen? I mean, why couldn't he have waited until she gave birth and leave her then? I had so many questions. Each one drilled more guilt into me. I knew I had taken part in this. I had thought after Rome, things would become better, but it had only proved me wrong.

Before I knew it, the cab was parked and Chad was handing the driver the cash then opening the door and almost tugging me out of my seat. "No time to think, sweet cheeks. Just keep on moving."

His grating tone almost made me want to lash out at him, yet even with my anger, I couldn't manage to spout anything because, deep down, I was a ball of nerves. It certainly sucked to be best buddies with people who were also best friends with your ex. Back in the day, I used to swell with love and pride at being so well loved amongst amazing, big-hearted people, however now, I was not liking it one bit.

You see, if one of us had a problem, all four would come knocking on your door, come hell or high water. It was how it worked. When Chad needed help, we all took our part. When Sienna had some painstaking problems, we all rallied to be there for her. As we did with Blake. And now, it was Toby.

When Chad pulled out a key, I glowered at him. "When did you get that?"

"Robert handed it to me when he picked me up from Heathrow."

Robert. Blake Knightly's driver. Great. I was sure I was the only one exempted from having a key to this place. I knew I shouldn't feel bitter about that, but I fucking did. It hurt, dammit.

When the key opened the door, all the bitterness in me fled as I focused on the boxes that were piled up against the wall. It looked like he was barely moved in.

Chad steadily walked ahead as I reluctantly shifted my footing, not sure if I should go past the foyer. The radiantly polished black and white tiles caught my attention as I stared at them, not sure how to pass time. Would Chad notice that I was not behind him? I hoped not.

Tough luck, I thought as I heard him hiss my name. I looked up and saw him about to come towards me when the sound of an opening door made me freeze on the spot, stealing all the air from my lungs. My ears perked up, knowing quite well who it would be.

"Chad?" Toby's voice sent flutters all through my stomach.

Chad managed to send me a cutting look before he walked over to where Toby was. I could only presume that Chad was giving him a comforting hug. "How's it going, boo? We thought we'd drop by and say hi, you know?"

Fucking Chad, I silently growled.

"We?" Toby clarified. Of course he'd caught on.

Steeling my broken heart, I slowly strode past the hallway before I saw Chad a few feet away, standing by a half cracked door with what looked like a study behind him.

"Hello," I murmured, barely audible, but the air in the room was still enough that my voice could cut through it like a blade.

His casual stance stiffened the second he spotted me. His eyes then darkened as our gazes met. Every inch of me became pained at the sight of him, yet still, I couldn't resist measuring him from head to foot, noting all the blatant as well as the subtle changes he possessed.

He looked exhausted. Shattered.

I looked at him like I had been starved for decades, not days. I would never get tired of him. That only had been proved to me once more.

I saw his throat bob up and down. "Lucy."

There was no trace of hate in his tone... not even indifference. His acknowledgment conveyed that he was neutral. What did that mean?

"I was hoping we could take you out to eat," Chad butted in, breaking our contact.

The moment his eyes left me, I felt bereft, as though the light had been taken from me. Maybe it had. It was only switched back on when he was around, sadly.

"I already had a light snack." Toby made a small smile. "Thanks for dropping by, though."

Chad smirked before walking around to check his surroundings. "Oh, well. You know, Blake's flat in Mayfair is a little boring. Do you mind if I stay here for a little bit? I like to bug you once in awhile."

Toby shrugged and then walked away, heading towards what seemed to be the kitchen. "Sure. Whatever you like."

He'd always had a soft spot for Chad. Additionally, even if he knew what was behind Chad's motives, he wasn't crass enough to push him away. Toby always considered other people's feelings, especially the ones of those he cared about.

"Yipee," Chad giddily said as he pulled out his phone. "Let me tell Rob-Rob that I'll be chilling at your pad. Give me a sec." He strode out of the kitchen as he dialed Robert's number.

Toby was pouring himself a glass of Malbec amidst the black and stainless steel kitchen. He was taking his time, trying to avoid me. As much as I liked to pretend that I wasn't waiting for him to make small talk, I couldn't help following my gaze with whatever he did. The man simply consumed me. It was troubling.

"Fancy having a glass?" he murmured as he watched himself pour the ruby red contents into a glass, filling it halfway.

"Sure," I managed to say smoothly.

He causally pushed his ready-filled glass towards the other end of the counter before stepping back and taking out another glass for himself.

Why wasn't he looking at me? I wondered as I cautiously stepped towards the chair, sitting my guilty arse on the stool. Instead of taking a careful sip, I inserted the glass stem in between my fingers and slowly swirled it around, eyeing the crimson contents, as I argued with myself that I should be the one to break the ice.

Guilt and broken heart aside, I had once been his friend, and even though he might not need me as one, I should make it known that I was there if he needed me.

Clearing my throat, I swallowed whatever pride I had left and took the plunge. "I'm sorry about your marriage."

Those entrancing eyes immediately snapped to me, surprised. "You're sorry?" he asked as if he couldn't believe what he was hearing.

I nodded as I parted my mouth to breathe. With his eyes on me like that, I felt like he was cooking me inside out from their simmering heat. "I am-I hadn't meant to-"

"What didn't you mean, Lucy?" he threw back.

Everything. Fuck. God. Oh, fuck. If only I could turn back time, I sure would change how I had handled things...

"I'm sorry." For hurting you. For betraying your trust. For always screwing up things for you. For everything... I was truly sorry.

My words seemed to have angered him. He certainly tried to hide behind it, but his eyes only told me the truth. That I was a coward. That I wasn't worthy of him.

Pressing my lips together, I stared at the glass as I slid off the stool. I had no ounce of power left in me to look at him. "I have to go." I was ashamed beyond words as I walked away, passed Chad in the hallway, moving towards the foyer.

"Lucy!" he growled after me as I held onto the doorknob.

I had a few seconds pause before I went out the door with my heart thumping wildly against my chest. I was running and I didn't stop until a block away, heaving as I bent over with my hands on my knees, needing to breathe. Courage, I lacked it greatly, but I couldn't fathom staring back into his hurt-filled eyes, knowing how guilty I was.

Miserable, I slowly walked aimlessly on the streets, ignoring the sad looks that were sent my way as the passersby noted the tears streaming down my face.

After a long while, when I felt like my legs were about to give out from exhaustion, I dialed the only person I could talk to at the moment. "I need a drink. Can you come by?"

+++

I was sitting in one of the booths at a pub, staring holes into the wine bottle, when I felt a dark shadow cast over me.

"Thanks for coming." I smiled sadly at him as he scooted over across the booth.

"The ghost finally caught up to you, I take it?" Troy asked as a rhetorical question. When I didn't respond, he made a heavy sigh before motioning to a waiter to get us another bottle. It was going to be a long night.

After our failed attempt at dating, Troy had become a close confidante. When times were tough, he was always there to listen to my ramblings. From then on, he became quite close to me when at times I felt like I couldn't open up to Sienna or Chad. I knew both of them meant well, but at times, I just needed someone who didn't know Toby and I so well. Occasionally, I just wanted to vent out certain things that were hard to explain to anyone else. I knew Chad and Sienna both loved me, however it hurt sometimes to see that look in their eyes-the look that told me that they believed I was the reason for Toby's deterioration.

They were right. Of course I was the reason, yet every now and then, it would be lovely if I was given the benefit of the doubt. If only they would try to understand the war that I was having with myself...

Troy was the only person I could speak to that didn't hold any judgment. At times, I needed that. Like tonight for instance.

It took three bottles of red, two shots of whiskey, and five hours of endless, pained confession before I finally felt like I couldn't utter another damn word about him. It was selfish of me to talk another man's ear off about my love-life woes. I knew nothing romantic was brewing between Troy and I, but still, I was eternally grateful that he had willingly sat there with me and let me drown myself in my agony.

When we left the pub, he hailed a cab to drop me off at my place first. He was a handsome, roguish gentleman, and I hoped that someday he might find a woman that would be worthy of him.

As always, my thoughts were astray when Troy nudged me out of my daydreaming, nodding towards the now parked cab outside my building. "Don't be too hard on yourself. Tomorrow's a new day, love." He gave me a tight hug before he cupped my face with both of his large hands, providing me with some of his strength. "No more tears, yeah?"

I smiled even though I felt empty inside. Troy was a great friend. I closed my eyes when he kissed my forehead before letting me out of the vehicle. Through the small window, he gave me an arresting smile before the cab drove away with him. Standing out on the pavement, I drew out a breath, feeling rejuvenated somehow.

He was right. Tomorrow was another day.

Spinning around, I strode towards the entrance of my building. I pulled out my keycard and was about to swipe it against the magnetic controller when I felt someone approach me. It was dark, so I could barely make the person out in the shadows, but once the person came closer, I was met by the man whom I had been agonizing over all evening.

And he didn't look a tad friendly whatsoever.

My heart palpitated. My mind drew a blank. And as expected, I stared at him like I was starved for the sight of him before I broke contact and continued to swipe my keycard.

When I heard the lock unlatch from the door, indicating that it was open, I pushed the door slightly before looking back at him. "Do you want to come up?"

"I thought you were single," he finally managed to say. He was looking at me as if I had lied to him. "Does he know that you cheated on him?"

Just exactly how long had he been standing there? "Troy-"

He cut me off. "Have you ever cheated on me?"

"No." How could he ask me that? It was demeaning.

He lingered on my face before looking away towards the quiet street. "I came here to offer a truce. Maybe to start over as friends again."

Friends? Wait-what? He wanted us to be friends? Had he gone mad?

"Friends?" I asked as if the word was alien to me. It probably was. When it came to Toby Watson, being friends was the last thing I had in mind...the image of him nestled in between my legs, his eyes feasting on me-goodness, I probably was drunker than I thought.

"I have accepted the fact that you and I can never be-that you're in love with another man. For days, I pondered about what happened in Rome, and I came to the conclusion the other day that maybe it was your way of saying your goodbye. Of shutting that door behind you before finally moving on to be with him without any traces from our relationship.

"I'm starting anew... and I want to restart our friendship as it once was. Since we're best friends with the same people, I thought it would make more sense if we put our differences aside and start over again."

Wow. He had even managed to say those things to me as if he was reciting a cooking recipe-with a complete lack of emotion. Was my mouth parted? Yep. Was I in shock? You bet.

So he was on a mission of building friendships. Good on him. Truly. But could I come up with the courage to see him as such? I had no idea. If this was his way of extending an olive branch, then I would gladly take it. I had wronged him over and over again; it was the least I could do.

"I would like that very much."

He smiled wanly at me. "Goodnight, Lucy."

I barely gave him a nod before I watched him disappear, walking towards the dimly lit street without looking back.

Could I really be friends with a man who unknowingly had my heart? How long could I carry on pretending that I was in love with Troy when it was Toby I was so madly in love with?

I hadn't a clue, but I was going to give it a try. Who knew? Maybe this was the answer I needed after all these months in order to start over again.

Chapter 7

Toby

She hadn't been lying. She truly was in love with him. I had waited outside for an hour after I had found out that she wasn't in her flat. Her locks hadn't changed, and I used the key I had been given before she and I had broken it off. She'd never asked for it back, and I had no intentions of returning it.

I had patiently waited for her as I recalled what had happened in my place hours before. When she had said she was sorry, it had taken everything in me not to lash out at her because, when she'd said those words, it had felt like she regretted everything about us. It was as if she had been saying sorry for what had transpired in Rome, and I couldn't fathom that. I had been so consumed with my suffering that it was hard to let it go. My suffering had been my constant companion. If there was no suffering, then there would be no Lucy. I wasn't ready for that.

They said a desperate man would do anything-he would lick the crumbs off the floor if it could only keep the hunger at bay. I was the desperate man. If friendship with her was the crumbs I had to keep back my hunger, then I would gladly get on my knees and suffer some more.

I wasn't willing to let her go. Even if she was with another man. Even if her heart no longer wanted me. None of that mattered. At the end of the day, all that truly mattered was having her in my life.

+++

"You look like you haven't slept at all."

I glanced at Chad as I prepared my coffee. "Maybe because I didn't." I captured the fleeting look of sadness-pity-in his face before he resumed to being his chirpy self again.

"Oh, Toby, she'll come around." He gave my arm a tight squeeze before moving towards the cupboard to get himself a cup for his own coffee.

I doubted that Lucy was ever coming around; it had been over a year now. Though who was counting? Since I had nothing better to say, I remained silent.

"Anyhoo, I want you to be the first to know that Luke and I are trying to adopt a baby," he announced the second he slid on the stool before me.

His news shocked me. The couple had given no indication that they were baby hunting. Besides, the word baby alone already made me feel guilty about the one Amelia was carrying.

"That's exciting news. I'm truly glad for you, Chad. You've come along way. You deserve all the happiness in the world."

His dark eyes misted a tad. "I'm not sure I tell you enough, but I'm fucking happy to call you my friend. You don't judge me; you just accept my craziness as if you approve of the likes of me. You don't care that I'm gay, or that I'm black, or that I have a wacky sense of style and a wackier train of thought. Thank you for making me a part of your family."

Oh, man, I hadn't been trying to make him cry, but his eyes sure had misted a bit. Chad... when I first met him, I thought him obnoxious. However, the more I got to know him, the more I saw the true person inside. And after I heard all the horrors that had happened to him, I was the one who felt honored to be his friend. He was right, though. He was my family, more than the ones I was blood related to.

"I didn't know you were quite so hormonal, too, my friend." Throwing a light joke, my spirits lifted a little when I saw him smile.

"We're trying to adopt a baby girl. It's been a month, and I'm trying to not lose hope, you know?"

"If it's meant to be, you're going to have your baby girl. Don't stress on it."

He nodded, sipping his coffee as he regarded me. "What's going on with your own baby? I know you don't talk about it much, but I'm curious as to where your head is at, at the moment."

The baby. My heart constricted as I pictured a tiny baby girl with blue eyes and wisps of blonde hair. A tiny version of Lucille Connelly. I was never going to have that with her. Best to let the dream go amongst everything else.

"I won't shy away from my fatherly duties if the child is truly mine. I just hope that Amelia will not give me a hard time when the time comes."

He made a sour face at the mention of her name. "I'll support you all the way." He made a long, dragging sigh. "I just wished, you know, you did things differently... instead of agreeing to everything she and your mother orchestrated."

How did I explain the dark cloud that hovered above me? There were no words to exactly explain the ceaseless numbness I was going through... "I've regretted it more than anyone would know, but as much as I would like to dwell on this enormous mishap, I'd rather focus on moving forward."

There were moments where I wanted to keep berating myself and ponder about all the "what ifs", but I had realized that doing that wouldn't achieve anything. I could at least be thankful for having enough sense to get out of it as early as possible, and before things got even more complicated.

Chad looked thoughtful a moment. "You're right, boo. You're a good man. As much as you would do the right thing, it's killing you inside. If it were another woman, I wouldn't agree to this, but since we're talking about that Spanish tramp, I'd even go as far as serving those papers to her just so I could bask in her discomfort," he said with no ounce of jest in him. He meant each word, of that there was no doubt.

I smiled at his serious face. "I appreciate the offer, but my lawyers have it handled." Chad was a passionate man, and when someone crossed him or anyone he cared about, he launched with all of his claws out.

"Good." He sipped his coffee before he slammed it back down on the counter. "Now, Mighty Knightly mentioned something about you starting a Hedge Fund firm. Let's get to that, shall we?"

I smirked, grateful for this bugger in my life. "Yes, sir."

He gave me a scathing look. "Madam, Toby. Duh."

Of course, how dare I forget about that teeny bit. "Apologies, kind, bitchy Madam."

He simply rolled his eyes at me before I saw him gather his laptop from the nearby sofa.

My friends, they were an awesome breed for sure.

After hours locked in the study, Chad somehow became my assistant, willing to call, email and fax whoever was needed. It was surprising to know that Blake had made sure that this chap was here to help out since the very man himself wasn't available to give his intellectual insight. I supposed it was an amazing thing I had gotten a financial whiz as my best friend. He certainly came in handy when I needed answers to my trivial questions.

Though my life was shit and my love life in the gutter, my friends were always there to count on. The small blessings in life were the kind of positivity I could focus on.

I was just in the process of shutting my laptop off when I heard a loud thud coming from outside. Chad and I gave each other a knowing look before we abruptly stood up to check what the commotion was about.

Striding next to me, Chad was giving a less subtle grunt as we reached the foyer. The loud banging kept on as I yanked the door open. When I did, why wasn't I a bit surprised that it was Amelia?

Sighing at the sight of her small, protruding belly, I gave her a tired look. "Need you bang my door as if you're calling on death?"

I had known this was coming, but I hadn't expected it quite so soon.

She sucked in her breath before spitting a nasty look towards Chad then at me. "I am not signing those damn papers!" she screeched before she brushed past me and strode inside my home, uninvited.

Shutting the door, I barely heard the click before I spun around and felt the heavy slap of her palm smacking against my unprepared cheek. I riled from the sharp pain. Though I knew she was going overboard, I had to consider that she was hormonal and irrational. Touching the hot, tender spot of my cheek, I gently rubbed it as my temper started to build nicely.

"Aw, hell to the motherfucking no! Don't you fucking dare touch him, you stupid, little shit!" Chad growled behind me. I gave him a pleading look to step back.

Amelia's dark eyes looked possessed as she shook with fury. "What? You left me to be with a man? Are you gay now? Is that why you left?" she screamed into my face. "I don't fucking care! No man is leaving me again, you understand? I won't fucking let you!"

Oh, she really was taking it there. "Amelia, you must control yourself," I gritted out as I mentally coached myself to remain calm.

She gave me a scathing snort. "Fuck you. Fuck all you British, cold men! I made one fucking mistake, and now I have to deal with all this bullshit!"

I was almost sure she was referring to Blake Knightly. "Hence the divorce."

She went berserk with that comment. "There will be no divorce! I'd rather die than make that happen. You won't leave me-i won't let you!"

Some said that the Spanish temper was something to admire. That at times, women deemed to be sexy, like how Penelope Cruz had been in Vicky Christina Barcelona. That might be true for some, but I assure you, there was nothing sexy about a raving banshee that was going out of control.

It took every ounce in me to sound calm and patient since I was raving mad within, however I knew lashing out wouldn't solve anything. "Well then, I suppose we should let the courts decide that, won't we?" I gave her a stern, undeterred look. "Can I get you some water? You look like you're about to faint."

She fumed silently, sending iced daggers at me.

We were in for a long battle, I supposed.

+++

"Dude, that bitch is crazy!" Chad could hardly contain himself as he took short breaths, shaking his head.

I couldn't agree more. Her visit had only served to seal my fear that she wasn't going to give up without a fight. Amelia would rather drag it out, maybe out in public to seek sympathy, thus making my family pressure me further. It was what she had done in the beginning. And since my mother was all for fame and fortune due to Amelia's family connections and common aspirations as my family, the two had gotten along more than well. They had become best buds, even to the point where my mother had called her the daughter she'd never had.

Slumping on the nearest sofa, I slung my head back with my eyes closed as I felt the heavy throb of my pulse on my temples. My blood pressure was skyrocketing because I was beyond mad, yet I couldn't do much about that. As Knightly's close friend, I had learned to keep my temper after I had witnessed the bastard get in trouble with that fiery Italian blood running through his veins. I had only ever witnessed him lose it completely with Sienna-it was like a champagne bottle being shaken before the cork popped, blasting all the contents out in one big explosion. He and I were so much alike, but the only difference with me was that I sort of knew how to pull back and control my temper when need be.

Had I been like Knightly earlier with Amelia, even though I wouldn't dare to lay a hand on a female, she could've gotten hurt through words. You see, I had a lot of resentment, so considering that, I had a let go of a lot of aggression, but I would attempt to hold it back until she gave birth.

Even though I had a lot of colorful things to say to Amelia, I couldn't hide behind the fact that I, too, was a reckless moron who had succumbed to a scathing woman with different intentions. Though at that time, I'd had no idea she had been involved with Knightly months before. She was in love with him, but the moment Sienna became more than a friend, Knightly didn't have eyes for anyone else. Amelia, distraught and broken from losing the man she was in love with, had thought it would be the ultimate revenge to spite Knightly by dating me. And dear, old, idiotic me hadn't had a clue that she used to shag my best friend until that eventful Christmas week in France.

It had been an absolute shock. I had not dated anyone that was Knightly's before; the same went with him towards me. It was a respect thing-a code between brothers that shouldn't be crossed. Not only had I been ashamed to have Lucy see me with another woman, I'd also had to come to terms with the fact that Amelia had used me to get to him.

I had apologized profusely to Knightly about my mishap, however he hadn't been worried about that. In fact, he had been more worried about her conniving behavior. He'd warned me about her, and I had paid heed... for a while anyway. Nevertheless, after weeks on end, I had become lonely again. So, when she'd spotted me drunk and belligerent, she had immediately come on to me. At the time, I had been drunk, lonely and hadn't been thinking with the right brain. That one night was all it had taken to bring me all these nightmares-one fucking night.

I had made tons of mistakes, but I was trying to fix it all. I just hoped that it wasn't too late.

One could only hope.

Chapter 8

Toby

"You ought to celebrate your impending freedom, mate," Clive Barrington said as he handed me a glass of cognac.

Impending freedom... was still just impending. God only knew how long this could take now that she was out for blood.

Taking the glass, I drank a couple of gulps, finishing it like it was water before I studied the reflection of the lighting on the glass. There I sat, thinking that I could be very much fucked from here on out if she were to go public with this information. All the while, Clive was somewhat rambling about marriage and so forth when I heard him say, "My cousin should've stopped that rubbish from coming. You weren't fucking thinking-all you cared about was the good shagging."

Yeah, this man was surely related to Knightly, although they were opposites. One liked the media while the other stayed out of it. One was light, the other dark. Both contrasted in so many things, and most of the time, they bickered like old ladies; but I knew, deep down, even with the competitive streak these two had going, they cared deeply for one another.

Clive was a couple years older than us, however the age sure didn't stop everyone from comparing him to his magnetic cousin. He was living in the shadow of his kin, and deep down, I knew he resented Knightly for being so perfect all the time.

Knightly sure as fuck wasn't a saint-more like a devil incarnate if you were opposed to him. Apart from that, he did come close to the word perfect. The man excelled in everything. Surely one couldn't hate on a man like that, could they? Unfortunately, yes; there were quite a few who hated him for just that reason. I wasn't one of them, but sometimes I worried that he might just make the wrong kinds of enemies-ones that would inflict not only financial pain but personal as well. I prayed that it wouldn't come to that because I would not even think twice about putting my life on the line to save his. He had been there for me through thick and thin, and would I gladly pay that back with gratuity.

"...hate this rubbish..." Clive trailed off, looking depleted.

"What's rubbish?" I managed to ask, though I was far from interested. The man had called me earlier to catch up and drink at a private club somewhere in Chelsea, and since Knightly had been gone awhile, I'd missed having a chat with someone. Sure Chad was there, but he was more of a girl than a man-though a man couldn't look man enough as Chad went. So, yeah, he would connect more with Lucy or Sienna when it came to gushy bits and all those talks about clothes, male models, his thrilling sex life, and the lot. I hadn't a clue about that, which forced me to accept Clive's invitation because I needed some sanity back.

"You know, when you're ready to be in a committed relationship and it never happens? I think the universe has some twisted conspiracy to fuck me good in the arse," he muttered, completely ticked off.

"Universe. Right." I shook my head, thinking that this bloke had finally lost it. It was safe to think that this man might probably have been in worse mental shape than I was.

Nodding towards the oncoming waitress for another glass, I muttered under my breath, "Maybe you're bound for twosomes for the rest of your life. Don't count yourself unlucky, you bastard." He had gone on for years with two women by his side, so why was he being so whiny?

He snorted before grabbing the nearest bottle of champagne that was chilling in the silver bucket and taking a quick swig at it. "I liked her too much, yeah." He paused, deep in thought, brows furrowing. "Too fucking much."

"Who?" I had no idea the bastard had been interested in one particular woman. I mean, he sure was with women all the goddamn time, but to be so gutted by one woman? It was unheard of.

"Stella..." he said the name as if it was hurting him to say it. "Stella von Berg."

Stella... oh, right. "The lonesome heiress." I met her once a couple of years back in one of those social gatherings. She was gorgeous, but she was somewhat of a shy type. I'd had no idea that Clive liked the shy types. "She declined your ravishing advances? She must be nuts," I mused. His forlorn face made me feel for the damn prick. Fuck. He sure was truly gutted.

"No point really. She was married to Callum Kensington. Had no idea then-stupid bastard. Why the fuck was he so fucking lucky? Not like he wasn't a blasted horny fucker like the rest of us! I doubt he even likes her that much. Bet he kept her to spite me all these years. Stupid cunt."

Callum Kensington was the man he was up against? Yeah... "Good luck with that, mate. Kensington is a tough opponent." It was best to let go of that dream.

He raked a hand through his hair, tugging it. He looked like he was at war with himself. "She's a good girl. She deserves to be happy, and that cunt makes her happy, I guess."

It was good that he was coming to his senses. The last thing we needed was to save him from his rotten unrequited love. Knightly didn't need to have to go and protect his cousin by having a go at it with Kensington. If that day ever came, I was sure the stocks would probably plummet a tad, and we didn't want people losing money. Especially not since I had just started my firm. That would be quite the bad luck.

+++

The next day, I was surprised when Chad announced that we were having lunch with Lucy.

I had missed her tremendously, however I wasn't sure if I could face her at the moment. Lucy was the only person in the world I was scared of, and with good reason. She had the capability of breaking me in two with her mean words alone. I needed a couple of more weeks until I could face her without having a problem with my pretend mask slipping off. I needed to learn how to fight this hunger I had for her. It didn't help that, each time I saw her, I wanted to ravish her on the spot. I was sure she wouldn't welcome that.

"I'm quite busy at the moment. You guys go right along without me." I focused my attention back on the screen before me, but when I heard Chad clear his throat with his fingers tapping on my desk, I looked up and gave him a patient expression. "Yes?"

"You can't bullshit a bullshitter."

Right on. "Good to know. Anything else, Chad?"

He pouted like a petulant child with great persistence. "You've been cranky for the entire day. She might lighten your mood."

"Well, didn't it ever occur to you that she might be the cause of why I'm cranky right now?" Let's face it. I was a miserable fool. The whole divorce battle with Amelia was not progressing as I would've liked, and knowing Lucy was in love with another man... neither was a sure recipe for pure bliss.

He blew out a breath. "God-you need to go jackoff or something!"

"Still ineffective."

"Seriously?"

I shrugged. "So will you leave me alone now?"

"Fuck that. Maybe I could convince her to sleep with you. Would you like that?" he teased, winking.

Chad was a bit mad, but still... just the thought of having her for a night had already gotten my blood roaring. The tightening of my pants sure didn't help, either.

"I'll see you later, mate."

Chad sighed, knowing that I wasn't going to be convinced. "Fine. But I'm inviting her out to party with me tonight. Up to you if you want to tag along, beeotch."

Last year, I used to find it amusing that Chad used these sorts of tactics on Blake to get Sienna back. Now that he was doing the same thing with me, I wasn't quite sure if I liked it at all.

Chapter 9

Lucy

"I think I need to go on a mission to get Toby laid."

The melon and prosciutto were halfway to my mouth when I froze after he'd dropped that bomb. Had I heard him right? "I beg your pardon?"

He smiled brightly at me. "He's been so moody. I think the poor baby needs some good lovin'."

Clearing my throat, I reached out for the chilled water and took a lengthy sip. "And you know this because...?"

"Hey, it's been a while for him. He told me so-sort of."

"Huh." They were that close? Good on them... but his sex life? I wasn't aware that Toby was forthcoming about his sexual endeavors.

I was about to take another bite of my antipasto when I noticed that he was silent, not eating at all. He just kept staring at me. "What? Is something the matter?"

"It is a matter of pleasure." He cleared his throat. "I think you guys need to hook-up. Even just for one last fuck. You know, release all that anger and tension in quick thrusts and orgasms."

"Have you gone bloody mad?"

"Nah." He thought a moment before shaking his head entirely. "I don't think so. Why?" he blinked those dark, sooty lashes at me.

What? Gah, this bugger was about to give my heart convulsions. "Why? You know bloody why! He might think that we'd get back together again. Besides, things are quite complicated as it is. Add sex in it, and it just doesn't make sense."

"Lucy, I love you. I fucking do. But I also remember hearing your screams in the bedroom. When was the last time someone rocked you that well?"

Not since Rome. "You're crazy." Like I would consider it. Chad was being silly. "Did he put you up to this?"

"Yeah, right. I think he'd more likely bang someone random, anyway," he said thoughtfully, making me slightly aggravated. "Not like you care about that."

I sure did, but I wasn't going to admit it. While Chad was now jumping subjects to Sienna and Blake's return tomorrow, I was left with my damning thoughts... Toby with another woman. Surely after his divorce, he wouldn't be single for long.

Toby was sinfully gorgeous with a lean, sculpted physique that held grace and elegance. He was eloquent and had impeccable manners to a T. He was also not only brilliant in finance, he was an amazing lover. Add the fact that he had the filthiest mouth during sex only drove me crazier about him.

Yeah, he wouldn't be single for long.

After my lunch with Chad, and since I didn't have any classes for the rest of the day, I randomly took a chance at spontaneity when I walked past a salon. Since I was bent on starting over, the stylist didn't have to convince me that hard to chop some of my locks off. Since Toby used to like my hair so much, I thought it best to let go of him-his memories-one at a time.

That night, I met up with Chad and a few of his artsy buddies in South Kensington for drinks then later on dancing somewhere close by. The bar lounge was medium sized compared to most places I was accustomed to, but I supposed with all the eclectic paintings on the wall, it made sense to have a cozier feel to the place. The red, leather sofas that were scattered about in different angles gave it an edge. Add the corset-wearing waitresses with winged black eyeliner on their eyes, and it certainly made quite the impression for folks that were plain and boring like I was. The air was lively, the chatters were loud and people were having a nice evening.

After dipping my nose from one book to the other, it was nice to be out and feed off other peoples' energies. Even if I felt like death inside, it was an amazing feeling to be surrounded by laughter and positivity.

Well, it was all positive up until I saw one of Chad's gay friends start to get touchy with his arm. After being introduced to his friends, I tugged him to the side, whispering into his ear, "You're married; you shouldn't act like you're still single and available."

He grinned at me, looking tipsy as he pinched my cheek. "Baby, you got nothin' to worry about with me. I'm good," he said before he squinted his eyes, frowning. "Something's different with you..."

If he hadn't noticed my hair, yeah, he sure was drunk. "New hair," I said self-consciously as I touched the ends of my perfectly bouncy, blow-dried do.

His eyes bulged out, shocked. "Oh, fuck, you chopped it off! Well, most of it-wow." He licked his bottom lip while his eyes roamed my new style; more awake compared to a minute ago. "You look fantastic," he gushed then took hold of my hand and made me do a small twirl.

I was pleased that I had finally had the guts to give myself a new look. I felt different-like I had been reborn and I could be whoever I wanted to be-and not the broken woman who was failing to see that there was a future beyond heartache.

Four champagne flutes later, I was more comfortable in my own skin as I joined in the sexual jokes with Chad and his friends. The things that gay men talked about made women and their sex talk over lunch seem pretty tame.

"I don't think tea-bagging's disgusting," said Braun, the trendy editor at one of the infamous gossip rags in England. "I'm sure it's like suckling boobs-soft and smooth, deliciously warm and comes in different sizes."

"Like you'd know anything about tits," Chad chirped in. "What ya think, babe? Since you have breasts and all?"

I blanched, almost choking on my fifth champagne serving. "Honestly, I wouldn't know. I haven't done the whole girl on girl thing, or tea-bagging." I smiled cheerfully, shrugging before taking another sip.

After the hows and whys, each and every one of them put in their two cents and gave me graphic descriptions of how to make your man happy and sated. Arguing with them that I didn't have a man to tea-bag with was a moot point, so I listened and took a mental note of everything they told me.

Before Toby, I had only had one sexual partner, a guy from high school who I dated for six months. His name was Oliver and he had no idea how to roam about a woman's body. His lovemaking had been nothing spectacular, although he'd made up for it by being an amazing kisser and he had never forgotten to bring me coffee every morning. Even though there were perks of having him as my boyfriend, I couldn't go on being with him and having to deal with restraining myself from screaming my boredom during intercourse.

So after Oliver, I hadn't considered myself a sexual woman. I mean, everyone had been raving over how great and amazing it was, but I had been left unconvinced. Unsatisfied.

I became one of those women who thought sex was overrated. I had thought about nuns and how they'd joined the convent, probably after they'd encountered the same problems as I had. If one had an uneventful experience such as that, they would've been just as convinced as I that they didn't need it as a part of their lifestyle. It was not that I'd hated sex, but it had only amplified how bored I was with everything related to Oliver. So when Toby had come along and brought about all of my mega crushing on him, I had never thought sex with him would be anything other than exciting. He had proved me wrong-for five days straight.

Thinking back on how he and I had begun brought a sad smile to my face. Even drunk, there was no means of escaping him. My heart ached as I recalled how things had blossomed and unfolded between us.

Dinner in Chinatown had never been that memorable, until now. Toby sat across from me, looking relaxed as he leaned against his chair, noticing everything I did. His heavy scrutiny had put me at the edge of my seat. Though there were other people around us, it was only him I could see and focus on. The man seemed to possess the power to enchant me, inducing all of my senses to only heighten my awareness of him-and the penetrating way he was studying at me...

It didn't feel intrusive. It wasn't the kind of look that seemed like he was undressing me; it was more than that. Though we weren't touching, through his eyes, I felt our palpable connection. Even from across the table, one sweep of his gaze completely electrified me. I felt the electricity enter my bones, shooting sparks of fire all over my body.

For a while, we vaguely discussed school and how tough it had been this semester. Although a couple times I asked him about his parents, he always shifted to a different subject. He'd answer my questions, but he wouldn't go into detail about them. So I was left even more interested in him.

He was blatant and yet he had his way of being shy, like when he caught me staring at him. He didn't blush, however he was well aware of what I was doing, so he kept clearing his throat. I wasn't sure if he was uncomfortable that I was ogling him. Maybe he didn't like how interested I was with him. Either way, I couldn't help myself. It was his fault that I found him mesmerizing, like how his lips would curl into a smile or how his eyes would crinkle when he thought something was funny. I took it all in like a lovesick puppy.

I remembered thinking that, if this was the one and only time I had-this chance with him-I'd rather savor every second of it. I wasn't going to hold back. So when our food arrived, I had to force myself to eat, hoping this minor distraction would help me focus on getting to know him better instead of gawking at him.

At first, we just quietly started eating. Though, when he opened the subject about movies, it got the ball rolling, so to speak. I found out that he was a fan of Godfather, and yet, he also appreciated movies like Schindler's List and My Big Fat Greek Wedding. We obviously had tons in common. Therefore, during the course of another hour, we chatted about anything and everything.

I was saddened when we had to leave the restaurant and drive back to my apartment in Covent Garden. We were both silent the entire way, left with our own thoughts, reflecting on how dinner had gone. The journey back left me uneasy. I was bombarded with my insecurities, thinking that since he hadn't said a thing that he regretted taking me out.

Dark with my own thoughts, I consoled myself, saying things in my head such as I probably wasn't popular enough, not gorgeous enough to fit the bill of being welcomed in his circle, or maybe it wasn't about me or my physical attributes, and he had taken me out because he'd simply felt sorry for me.

Naturally, I was a feisty kind of woman. However, for the first time, I thought it better to keep my mouth shut and not question him about anything in case he wanted to leave immediately and didn't want to waste another pathetic breath on me. I wasn't angry, per se... maybe frustrated that I simply didn't have the gall to ask him to date me. I was a woman of pride, and if he rejected me, my ego would forever be broken.

Looking outside through the window, I knew my flat was going to come up soon and he'd leave. I told myself that I was going to be gracious when I said my goodbyes. So when he parked right outside the building, I was surprised that he came out of the car and strode over to my side to open the door for me.

My heart felt like it was stuck in my throat. I was tense, nervous and sensitive to everything around me. My senses went erratic when our eyes connected for a mere second as I slid off the seat. Fumbling with my tote for my keys, I took hold of it and let my thumb chip on the hard, cold ridges as I contemplated what to do next.

Since he wasn't talking still, I thought it obvious that there was nothing to come out of this. It was naive of me to think that he might look at me differently-see me as I saw him, stripped from any artifice right down to the real person within. Power, money and heart-stopping good looks were enticing to anyone with eyesight. What person wouldn't want those? I saw past that, though. Past his disarming smiles was a man with a pure heart and good intentions, and as hard as I yearned for him, my willpower alone couldn't get him to be attracted to me.

So with my brave face on, I smiled even though his silent rejection was hurting me inside. "It was very kind of you to take me out tonight. I guess I'll be seeing you in school." I made another super-thrilled-even-though-it-hurts kind of smile. "Thank you, Toby."

He frowned for a second before I made a goodbye nod and spun around, slowly walking towards the building entrance with shaky legs. Again, much to my surprise, I felt him follow me.

My dampened mood instantly took a different turn. My pathetic, internal wallowing vanished. They were instantly replaced with provoking thoughts of him and I having sex in a bed, and there was no stopping it. I didn't want to come off as an easy lay, but I was going out of my mind for this guy.

For a long time, I had secretly wanted him, and now that this might be the opportunity to further that need, I just might push my luck tonight. I mean, desperate women always used sex as a weapon. I wasn't a fan of Anne Boleyn, yet I sure wouldn't judge women who desired a man more than life itself. Because I was at the tipping point, and if sex was the only way to finally have him notice me, then why the hell not?

Carnal thoughts had never invaded my mind, but tonight I was proven that they could. As I pictured Toby on top of me, pleasuring himself with what my body was offering, it took every ounce in me not to moan my frustration.

I was a woman on a mission, so I better toughen up and offer him something most men couldn't refuse.

When I turned around to face him, he was close behind me. I looked him in the eye and asked him something I hadn't offered a man before. "Do you want to come up?"

His eyes searched mine, possibly wondering what the real meaning behind it. "Lucy..." he whispered with a strained voice, "I don't know if that's a great idea."

Was that a rejection? I wasn't sure... but I felt worse than I had before. Somehow, I felt like a joke, wishing and hoping for something unfathomable. "Oh." I masked the hurt in my tone, hoping he wouldn't detect it. "Okay, well, never mind then."

"No-I do mind. Never think that I don't want to follow you upstairs." He reached out to me, slightly gripping my forearm. His fingers on my skin sent tingling shivers all over my body. For the first time, I knew what people meant when they spoke about heart-stopping physical chemistry with another person.

"I don't know. I guess... all I'm saying is that I want to take this slow," he continued, his eyes dropping to my body with heated intention, as if he was undressing me and imagining what I'd look like naked. "I respect you-you're a..." he trailed off, moving in close to my body, "stunning, intellectual woman. Brilliant. Perfect-" He hesitated, staring wildly into my eyes, sucking me deeper into those bottomless depths. "I look at you... and I see my future. It terrifies me."

Oh, my fuck, had he just uttered the words future and me in one sentence? Overwhelming emotions bombarded me.

Seeking his eyes, I opened a piece of me. "I'm not." I breathed out. "I'm not the least terrified because I haven't felt anything like this with anyone. My grandmother once said that, if I ever find this-this odd, indescribable, mystifying-like connection with anyone-I shouldn't hold back." I licked the bottom of my suddenly dry lips. "And I don't want you to, either."

I burned from his lustful gaze.

"If I go in, I'm not going to be able to restrain myself, Lucy."

"I don't expect you to."

He stepped closer, and our lips almost brushed against each other while his eyes trained exclusively on me, smoldering my body into a scorching fever. "I'm going to undress you... slowly... then you'll step out of your clothes and you'll show me your beauty. You will then give me all authority. In the bedroom. In and out of your body. I will want you at all hours of the day. And when I say all, I'm demanding your absolute surrender."

Cue in the hard swallowing of my saliva while I suffered an intense tingling on my pussy. I had clenched it as hard as I could when I felt a pool of wetness soak my underwear as I stared at him, speechless. He wasn't even touching me sensually, and yet, his words and those tantalizing eyes alone had undone me.

"I'm all for unconditional rights," he said, caressing me with words. "Your body will know my touch even before I caress you." His heated gaze dropped to my lips before he reached my eyes, throwing me a dare. "Will you be capable for that kind of challenge, Lucy?"

There was no question that I wanted him more than words could express, but when someone challenged me in anything, my feistiness surfaced, willing to come out and play. "I am not a meek woman, and I don't submit." I paused for effect. "To anyone." He remained still, taking my words in before I continued. "But I would love to see you try. Will you be ready for my kind of challenge, Toby Watson?"

"Don't say I didn't warn you, Lucy." His eyes sparked with wickedness as he eyed me like a cat that had eaten the canary.

He had warned me, hadn't he? I had just been too confident then to let it sway me. My crazed obsession with him had blinded me from everything. He was the only thing I had seen. The only thing that had mattered, and I had wanted to keep him for as long as I could. However, the more I hung on to him-to our relationship-the more it had become complicated.

From one complication to the other, each one became harder to tackle. My shield started to chip away and poisonous words got through to me. In the end, I thought I had done the right thing by saving us both. I had been convinced then, and I was about to tell myself again, why it had been better for the both of us when my hungry, betraying eyes spotted him strolling towards us.

He was wearing dark jeans and a powder blue dress shirt with the sleeves pushed above his elbows. The color of the shirt made his eyes lighter than usual, and it was unbuttoned at top in such a way that it hinted at the sculpted body underneath it. He was magnificent, and I thought the woman with him believed so too because she couldn't look away, not even for a second as they chatted and walked towards our table.

How could I ever move on when I was my very own worst enemy?

Chapter 10

Toby

Deciding to come out tonight wasn't an easy decision. My mind resisted, however my heart battled fiercely, winning readily because, let's face it, I was dying to see her even though it had only been a mere twenty-four hours since I had seen her last.

Ava, my cousin, had called me when I was getting ready to leave. Wanting to hit two birds with one stone, I invited her to come out and meet me at the bar Chad had mentioned. I hadn't seen her since the wedding, and I didn't doubt the random call was about my pending divorce from Amelia. Not for a second did I doubt that my parents had notified everyone about what I was planning to do. Nor did I doubt that they were doing this on purpose so they could rally everyone in my family to go against me so that I wouldn't stand a chance amongst all of them. They fully hoped, I'm sure, that I would eventually yield to their demands and cancel any thoughts and notions about leaving Amelia, but that was never going to happen. My mother should have known better than to push me around like I was some kind of puppet she could use for her own benefit. She had successfully done it for a few years, however I was no longer in the mood to give in to her demands.

I was done living for them. For years, I had shoved my needs aside so I could help and cater to their notorious lifestyle. Saving them from bankruptcy several times, paying off gambling debts, putting my brother through his private education, and working alongside my father in his business. I'd had enough of my family's never ending drama and making countless excuses for their failed parenting skills.

It was high time to live my life. The way I wanted it.

In their eyes, they deemed it selfish that I couldn't put my life on hold for them since we were family and all. What good was a family if all they ever did was take advantage of me and demand consistently until I ran out of resources? One other thing that my parents were after-my mother most especially-was the inheritance I was going to get when my aunt passed away. That fact wouldn't be important had she not been diagnosed with a terminal illness last year. The same year things had fallen apart with Lucy.

Lucy hadn't had a clue about any of that, though. I had planned to tell her, but she never gave me the chance to explain. How could I when she ignored every attempt at reconciliation with her?

Back to my ever living present. I was parking my car right outside the bar when I saw Ava standing immediately outside the entrance, engrossed in her phone. Ava and I had once been close, before she'd gotten engaged and eventually married her childhood sweetheart, Ashton Westwood, and moved to New York right after they tied the knot. She constantly visited England, but most of the time I would be out of the country or busy with work, therefore we never really got the chance to see each other often.

Coming out of the car, I shoved the keys in my pocket as I strode towards her. "Ava! I hope I didn't make you wait long," I greeted her, kissing both cheeks as I surveyed her face. She still looked the same-beautiful with an animated, angelic smile-but something in her eyes told me that everything wasn't all fine. Before I could ask her about it, she immediately wrapped her arms around me, laughing.

"Goodness, it's great to see you, cousin."

"It's good to see you, too. Is Ashton not with you?" We pulled away from each other and I stared right into her eyes, worried. "Is everything all right, love?"

She shrugged, playing it off with one of those smiles. "Nothing to worry about. Ashton is back in New York. It's just me this time... just-yeah." She pressed her lips together before giving me a wan smile. "Why don't we get some drinks before we start catching up?" She was blatantly avoiding the question.

"Sure. Of course. Let's head inside," I replied, nodding, hoping that maybe she'd tell me what was bothering her. We weren't as close as we once had been, but she was my baby cousin, and I was still protective of her, even if she had grown into a lovely woman.

Inside, the lounge had dimmed lighting all around. The bar had LED lighting, making it easier to navigate around the crowd and know exactly where we were heading.

There was a vacant stool that had just been vacated in the middle of the bar, so I instantly guided Ava towards it. Standing next to her, the bartender greeted us and got our order.

"Whiskey on the rocks. Give me the best one you have," I said, half-yelling towards the stocky bloke before his attention diverted to Ava.

"Berry champagne, please."

The man nodded before saying, "Right on," leaving us a moment as he prepped our drinks.

Both our gazes followed him, watching the ice clink into the glass as he poured the rich, golden, amber liquid into it. He then strode back towards us, handing me my drink before he pulled a flute from behind him. He dropped a few blackberries and raspberries into it then took out a small wooden pestle and squashed the contents inside. He followed that by pouring champagne into the flute and quickly stirring the concoction before handing it to Ava.

After paying and tipping the barman, we sipped our drinks as I looked back and scouted the area, spotting the woman I had been yearning for. She was laughing next to Chad. It was impossible to hear her laughter due to the music in the background, but I could still remember how it sounded-throaty, sexy-and just that recollection made my cock throb in an instant. Since I was with Ava, however, I had to push my erotic thoughts aside and focus on her, for now.

Knowing Ava, she probably had to gather her thoughts and see how she would bring up the subject of what was bothering her. That gave me at least a few additional moments to stamp down my lustful thoughts.

Cautiously sipping my drink, I cocked my head to the side and aimed my scrutiny towards one particular person... with a brand-new hairstyle. I paused, pondering over the fact I hadn't noticed that when I had glanced at her earlier. Frowning, I concentrated harder, noticing everything about her-the new look, and how she seemed to be loving it.

Lucy remained beautiful, nothing could ever change that. Even if she was old and wrinkly, I'd still think she was the prettiest thing I'd ever seen... but her hair... her hair was one of the things I liked about her. Fair enough. I supposed the new style was part of her new life. Her life without me in it. The thought saddened me, dampening my mood as I wondered how time had flown by so rapidly between us. It had been over a year after all.

"I think Reiss is alive."

My nostalgic memories of Lucy were shoved back in my memory bank as I stared at my cousin. I took a glimpse at her half-filled flute then back at her, hoping that she hadn't gotten drunk by that miniscule amount of alcohol in her system. "I beg your pardon?"

"Reiss Chambers." Ava stared ahead without really seeing. She had that look that foretold her thoughts were faraway and distant. "I think he's alive."

She hadn't mentioned his name for so long that I felt odd hearing it again. Something must have triggered the past. She wouldn't call me for nothing. If this was the reason why she had called on me, I didn't know what to think of it. "Ava, I'm not sure what's been going on with you, but I guarantee you, Reiss Chambers has been proclaimed dead for a decade now." I wasn't trying to be an insensitive prick; I just knew I had to tell her like it was. It was for her own good. I didn't want to risk her getting her hopes up.

"I thought so, too, but last night..." She trailed off as if she was having a hard time getting the words out. It was like she was in shock. That she simply couldn't grasp the idea of it before revealing the real reason behind her impromptu visit. "Last night, I met a man that looked similar to him."

Poor Ava, I thought sadly.

Extending my arm to wrap around her shoulder, my hand cupped her shoulder blade and gave it a tight squeeze. "There's always that probability, Ava. Hell, I do it all the fucking time, but it's not something you should dwell on."

The idea of her chasing after the man that looked like the guy she had fallen in love with when she was seventeen didn't sit well with me. In fact, that would be truly devastating. She was a married woman after all. She had a loving husband who gave her the world and a supportive family that thought everything of her. What good would it be chasing after memories? I should take my own advice and move on. Start anew. Well, it wasn't because of lack of trying. I had done that and epically failed. My life had become a joke and I was going to straighten out everything else around me before I pursued what my heart longed for. I deserved it. As did she.

I glanced back at Ava when I saw her take a careful sip, still deep in thought, before glancing sideways, looking devastatingly dejected. "He's name is Craig Chambers. Do you know of him? My friend said he's quite famous."

That name was prominent in the finance industry, but the man was equally well-known for keeping to himself. Some had nicknamed him an anti-social. A recluse who only wanted to be surrounded by people he trusted, and that circle of people, I'd heard, was made up of only a handful. Apart from his being elusive, I highly doubted Reiss Chambers and Craig Chambers were one and the same. I mean, how could someone have survived a head-on collision with a car that had immediately been engulfed in flames right after the impact as the police report had stated?

"Ava," I started, eyeing her with concern, "I know you blame yourself for a lot of things, but worrying yourself sick that this Craig Chambers is Reiss will get you nowhere. Who knows? Maybe they were distant relatives. I mean, how many in the UK with Chambers as their last name might have one or two similarity with Reiss? It could be hundreds. Maybe thousands."

Ava blamed herself for the cause of the accident, but the only person that could be blamed were the people behind the wheel. She'd told me that she and Reiss had fought the day before the accident. It was just unfortunate that he was too young when he was taken away from the world, leaving a lot of people mourning for him.

"He's gone. Been gone for ten years now, love."

She looked stricken. Torn from wanting to believe me and from what she had witnessed when meeting this man named Craig Chambers. A large part of me understood Ava because I was aware of what it felt like wanting to rewind things and undo what you had lost along the way. However, there was nothing to go back to for her except memories of him. The guilt. The blame. How often had she tortured herself over the years? Even after she had married Ashton, she quietly mourned the loss of Reiss.

"You're right." She nodded, using her fingers to curl a strand of her locks behind her ear. "I'm being silly."

With a big embrace, I gave her the tightest hug before kissing the top of her head. Poor Ava... "I'm sorry, sweetheart." She shook her head, glancing away before I saw her eyes had become glassy.

A forced laugh bubbled out of her. "I mean, what the fuck am I thinking? He's been dead for years, and here I am, in the middle of a bar, convincing myself that he isn't." she snorted, appalled at herself for sprouting hope for the impossible. "He's dead... and nothing is going to ever change that, Toby. He's gone... forever."

"It happens. Try not to be too hard on yourself."

She took ahold of her flute, tilting her chin as she drained the rest of her drink. She then placed it back on the bar before directing me a straight look. "Is it true? Are you really divorcing Amelia?"

Welcome back, Ava. I had wondered where you'd been off to, I quietly mused as I replied to her question. "I certainly am."

She flagged the barman to make us the same drinks before addressing me again. "I never told you, but I never really warmed to her anyway."

Most people hadn't. She was an acquired taste, that one. It was hard to describe her.

"Everyone is speculating, you know?"

It wouldn't be family had they not been speculating. It was their favorite pastime. "Glad that nothing's changed then," I remarked bitingly as I took ahold of my second serving.

"They think you're leaving her because of your ex. Is there any truth in that?"

Shrugging, I paused, brooding her question a little bit more. "Even if that would've been my intention, it's useless. She's moved on. Rightfully so." I couldn't blame Lucy because, had I been a woman, I'd have to think long and hard over whether I wanted to take part being with a crazed family as well as with a wife that was soon to be an ex-wife. Not to mention the baby with unquestionable paternity. Top that with all the other issues that needed to be worked on; it was the ultimate recipe for disaster. Yeah, I wouldn't date me, either. So why should Lucy?

"Mom said she was quite lovely. I wished I had met her," she murmured, giving me a sympathetic smile.

"Tonight's your lucky night," I said as I finished my whiskey and slammed the glass back down, cocking my head towards the opposite side of the room where my heart remained. Beating. Flirting. And having a bloody mother-fucking ball of a good time.

Chapter 11

Lucy

"You came!" Chad exclaimed the second he spotted Toby, beaming sexily as he introduced the woman next to him. Toby seemed to be familiar with her from the way he looked at her and how she reacted with him. It didn't leave warm fuzzy feelings in the pit of my stomach when I witnessed Chad giving her a warm embrace.

I sat ramrod straight, tensed and observant at how they were together. Well, I was keener on his pretty companion, also wondering when and how she had come into the picture. She was cute. Okay, maybe more than cute. A little too pretty perhaps? Rubbish. Who was I fooling? I sure couldn't fool myself into thinking that I wasn't feeling any jealousy towards his date tonight because, as much as I hated to admit it, I was furious that he had brought someone, knowing I was going to be here. Or maybe Chad hadn't mentioned that I was joining him tonight? It didn't matter. Even if he had or hadn't known, he should've at least considered it.

When he had come by that night, telling me that he wanted us to be friends, I had thought that he couldn't have meant it. After all, he'd been trying to mend things with me for over a year now, so I had barely taken his words seriously. But, now that I saw how freely he had moved along, it made me feel nauseous.

Moving on towards a better and brighter future was the objective, however apparently my heart had a hard time following directions. I loved him, yet the breach between us couldn't be fixed. I wanted him, but my hurt was too profoundly pained to even consider anything remotely close to having him in my life. Even as a friend or as a lover with no strings attached.

And yes, I had considered that route... several times over. Why had I thought of it? Easy, because I was going out of my mind.

Was it wrong that I even contemplated being his mistress for a blazing second? Sure, but that was all it was, thoughts... and nothing sprouted out of it. It was selfish thinking, and I didn't deny that for a second. I wished I could easily say that I wanted him to be genuinely happy without me, but I couldn't. Even after Rome, when I had decided to free him to finally make Amelia his wife in all sense of the word, in the back of my mind, I had wretchedly wished that he'd pine for me. It was true what Chad said about me-that I was a selfish bitch, only protecting myself first and foremost.

On the outside, my intentions looked honorable... reasonable, but on the inside, I could conjure all the evilness without rhyme or reason. I was a walking contradiction, and I would be the first to admit that being so wasn't an easy feat.

I knew that my love-though this was the grandest I had ever felt with anyone-had stipulations. Even with this said love I had for him, I supposed it wasn't enough for me to throw caution to the wind and not care about anything else other than him.

My love had a limit. Sadly.

Toby Watson could be the greatest regret of my life. However, even after acknowledging that fact, I still wasn't going to do anything to change it.

Back in my present dilemma, I pretended to look about me, ears tuned to their conversation, but the loud natter made it impossible to eavesdrop. When my body started to prickle like there was some sort of force field vying and demanding my attention, I knew with everything in me that his eyes were on me. For the love of everything that was holy, though, I couldn't fathom matching his gaze. With my heart and body battling against my mind, I felt like I was being pulled in three directions.

My stubbornness put to a halt all my inner commotion as I gradually bit the side of my left cheek, focusing on the pain of my teeth sinking into the soft, sensitive skin. That was how I coped. How I fought my need for him until I became unyielding. From digging my nail into my skin to biting my tongue-anything to divert myself from the actual searing pain my heart was going through.

Fighting with your own heart could be the worst thing anyone could ever go through-apart from dying, I supposed. Sometimes, I caught myself becoming this rigid, bitter person. I would hide away from the world, shutting myself in my home, trying to regroup and find the woman that used to be me-before things had gotten out of hand. Most of the time, I found her. And the times I didn't, I prolonged my wallowing, slowly hating myself for being the way I was.

Seconds ticked by as I held my breath, hoping he'd direct his gaze somewhere else. It took him about a minute to do it. Closing my eyes for a moment, I let out a sigh of relief, praying that tonight was going to be fine, that I wasn't going to go home at the end of the night and cry myself to sleep. I hadn't done that in a few days...

"Lucy, get your ass in here!" Chad waved at me.

Caught in the middle, I begrudgingly stood up and made my way towards them. My mood only drifted further south when the woman up close became even more captivating. Were her eyes blue or purple? I scowled, fighting the need to hurl words at Toby.

"This is Ava, Toby's cousin." Chad gave me that look-raised brow and all-as if he already knew what I'd been thinking.

. His bloody cousin? Well, that was... unexpected. I knew Ava from his stories or when he would mention their conversations once in awhile. I had never met her. Now that I had, her angelic, almost too perfect face perplexed me. It left me with an impression that she might be the most gorgeous woman I had ever met-Sienna came close.

"This is Lucy, your cousin's former other half." Way to go with the blasted parade, Chad.

Masking my annoyance, I greeted Ava. "I used to hear great things about you."

She smiled, warm and welcoming. "As did I. Toby endlessly speaks of you."

My, I wondered what else she knew...

Brushing Toby a quick glance, he politely addressed me with a warm but distant kind of smile. "Good to see you again, Lucy."

"Toby." I made an effort to smile, yet it somehow turned out to look pained.

Chad with all his mighty brilliance as well as his other, less brilliant qualities-like pushing my buttons-knew when to dive in and save me from what might have been an awkward moment of epic proportions. Animated, he directed all attention on him as he made a joke, including everyone around him.

An hour passed and Ava turned out to be such a nice woman. A rarity at best. She also seemed eager to be friends, so when she requested my number before leaving, I didn't even hesitate to give it to her.

Everyone seemed to be in such good spirits that most of them decided to stay awhile and opted out of heading over to a new club opening. The bar's house and current pop music suited them quite fine.

Finishing my sixth champagne glass, I was licking my bottom lip before biting it when Toby reappeared before me.

"Dance with me?"

I looked him in the eye then to his outstretched hand before declining his offer. "I don't think that's a great idea, Toby." Bitchy wasn't the tone I was aiming for, however it came out that way anyway.

Unabashed, he kept on testing my limit. "Come on, Lucy. Just this once, that's all I ask. I won't ask you for anything else from now on..." His words were soft, but his eyes told me a different story. There was something about him that was different. I couldn't particularly pinpoint what it was, though.

Licking my lips again, I tried to reason with him. "It won't feel right." Or maybe it would feel so right that it would be wrong in an inordinate amount of ways. Apart from him, I could brave it out and fight him with all my might, but with him close-dancing tremendously close-I wouldn't have much power to battle him along with my body at the same time. Always, I inevitably turned into a wavering mess.

Still not convinced, he stood his ground, knowing the precise words to use to trigger a reaction from me. "I beg of you, for the last time, dance with me?"

There was something about the way he said those words, especially the way for the last time sounded. It was as if he was telling me that this was it. That this dance would be the last time he'd come for me. That he, too, was moving on. I supposed I could give in to his request and dance with him... for the last time.

Clearing the lump in my throat, I stood up and lightly covered his hand with mine. "Fine, lead the way." The first brush of contact against his skin set a fevered alarm all over me, making me clench the muscles of my sex-hungered channel.

His warm hand didn't put much pressure around mine. It didn't feel secure as he held it loosely, guiding us a few feet away from where we were sitting in a corner that had white, leather-tufted walls.

Smoothly, he spun me with my back facing him before I felt him behind me, his hand touching the side of my hip. My body was a heated, quivering mess of explosion. No matter how hard I tried to stare at the stylish walls before me to make the feeling go away, it only intensified it.

What bothered me more was the fact that he wasn't all over me. Why was that? The guy in Rome hadn't even given me five minutes until he had ravished my lips. Seven minutes to get me writhing underneath him. Nine minutes to get me moaning and panting his name. So again, why wasn't he taking advantage of this opportunity?

"Stop. Thinking." He gripped the side of my hip, fingertips gently digging into my skin as I felt him pull me back against the hardness of his chest.

My fuck... the ice around me was thinning. The longer he held me like this, the less effective my shield became. Was he going to be this close until the music changed? Because maybe by then I would be soaked with wetness... and heaven forbid if that ever happened. I didn't think I could forgive myself if the night became a repeat of how thoughtless I had been that night in Rome.

Biting my lip, I moved my head sideways, needing to speak to him, but I stopped short when I felt his hot breath mere inches away from my mouth. For the love of Christ... I inwardly groaned at my overexcited hormones. "I don't feel comfortable... too close," I breathed out just enough for him to hear me.

"That's a problem, isn't it?"

I nodded. "Yes, it is."

"Let's fix that, shall we?" His arm roughly tugged me, pressing me harder against him while his limb held me hostage. "There. Doesn't that feel much better, darling?"

Blasted. Arrogant. Self-serving prick. "Are you purposely trying to provoke me?" I fumed as I tried to wrench his hand away, however he was too strong. It didn't even budge, only furthering my frustration.

"Rest assured, I won't try anything that will make you run the opposite way," he whispered against my ear. "I promise."

Unknowingly releasing a sigh, I nodded, trusting his words as I closed my eyes and basked in his warmth, the exquisite feel of his body against mine, and the sensation of just being this close to him...

This was it. I felt it with every fiber in me-with every rampant beat of my heart-that he was letting me go. It was daunting-scary even-to know that I wouldn't have him always hovering in the background and trying to win me back. It broke my heart all over again. Then again, my heart had never truly stopped breaking, had it?

Well, as questions went, I had never expected what came out of his mouth next.

"How have you been, Lucy? We haven't really spoken after things fell through." He spoke into my ear, making sure that I could fully hear him. The deep timber of his voice sounded like a caress, placing me in a state of severe sensual awareness. Damn. Him.

It was hard to consider his question when the only thing my mind could process was illicit thoughts. "I'm..." I trailed off, not sure what to say next. I was what? Fine? Devastated? Scared? Shaken with despair, and yet, beyond inconceivably horny? "Never been better," I finished, blushing profusely. Thank heavens he couldn't see though my lies.

"I like your new look. The make-up, the dress, the stylish hair..." He insinuated with a compliment. "Troy approves?"

Troy. And my endless trail of lies... "Indeed, he loves it," I confidently said, not hesitating for a second. Hell, I was in too deep in my own web of deceit. I was sure Troy would understand if the situation arose and I needed to fully explain and justify myself.

"Lovely. I'm sure he does," he breathed out, sending hot tingles around my neck... and everywhere else.

My lips parted to say a snide reply when he roughly thrust my arse against his over excited sex. A loud moan escaped from my lips upon impact of his body. My fuck, was he trying to kill me with sexual frustration? It didn't help that I was imaging how it would feel to have him drive into me, inching slowly in until his shaft was fully situated inside... filling my slicked walls...

Images of him pushing me against the wall and ravishing me on the spot sent me into a crazed frenzy. And when he spoke against my neck, right below my ear, I was almost panting with need.

"My Lucy... gorgeous, feisty, spitfire of a woman. I have wretchedly missed you-" he started to say, but I grunted in protest, not wanting to hear anything that would dispel me from this euphoric state of mind. "Shhh. Let me speak," he murmured, holding me close as we swayed to the music while his right hand remained on the side of my hip and the other rested just below my stomach.

Using his sensually gifted fingers, he made barely-there, excruciating circles, touching about an inch or two above the opening of my slit. He was purposely trying to arouse my body, wanting me to climb the walls in desperate need of him to release me from this tortured pleasure and pain. I was dying for him to take it further...

If my pride wasn't stopping me, I could've begged for him to ease the throbbing need he had created in my body... for the last time.

"I just want to say thank you for taking the blindfold off my eyes. For over a year, I had been aimlessly living an empty, unfulfilled life. Without you-I was lost. I was in despair. Always drinking myself into a stupor so I didn't have to bear living another day knowing that you had left me. For weeks, I felt abandoned. It got worse at night... when I'm left alone with nothing to comfort me but my memories of you. Severely broken with no direction, I became reckless and unmindful to the people around me," he cooed in my ear, lips brushing against my earlobe while I tensed, absorbing his painful words. "The ephemeral blindfold might be gone, but it only exposed me to the truth that I had tried and failed miserably to bury. After everything that's happened-after the hurt and pain, the lies and half-truths-I had come to terms that I am blindingly and hopelessly in love with you." He paused while I stopped breathing all together, waiting in vain for him to finish.

"I know this makes you uneasy, but I ought to tell you for the last time-before we close the door to the past and follow wherever the path may separately lead us-that, if there's a small part of you blaming yourself because of what happened between us, I beg you, do not reduce your kindness to that. You were perfect and still remain a perfection, even though you try to portray this different woman."

He softly spun me around to face him. In our darkened surroundings his eyes lit up, glowing before me with acute intensity, with electrifying passion. "I know the genuine person inside, so don't let this unfortunate incident tarnish your beauty. I now understand that I don't deserve you because I wasn't man enough to protect you from my family."

Tears welled in my eyes as I stared at him, unblinking as I felt this grave ache lacerating me-my heart and soul.

"Whatever you do from now on..." He paused, brows furrowing while his throat bobbed, his eyes reflecting my own pain before he gently reached to touch my face. Closing my eyes, I let my tears fall, quietly sobbing as I leaned into his caress, keeping it in my memory. "Just promise me to be happy, okay? Always follow what your heart and mind envisions and not what others expect from you. Can you promise me that?"

I could only nod because my throat closed up, denying me the ability to speak.

He slowly drew my face towards him. "I'm sincerely sorry for hurting you, Luce," he whispered against my forehead before brushing his lips across my skin. "Forever... I will eternally love you."

He finally was saying his goodbye. He had never wanted to-he'd fought the best way he knew how-but it wasn't enough. Now he was truly leaving me, taking the last step in closing the door on us. Forever.

His lips kissed my forehead once more as I closed my eyes, slightly shaking as he breathed me in before whispering, "Take care, my love."

His muscular arms then wrapped around me, giving me a deathlike embrace, blocking the air from my lungs. When he released me, I trembled from it all, knowing that he had just walked away from me. What he had just done, crucially hugging the life out of me then freeing me from his hold, portrayed what it had been like between the two of us for the past year. Him, desperately wanting to hold on to what was left of us, and me, aggressively and insensitively driving him further and further away.

He was gone...

Three. Five. Maybe ten minutes had passed, possibly more, as I carried on crying with my eyes closed. I didn't want to open them. I didn't want to see the reality of what I had done. I had known this day was going to come, but as much as I had prepared myself for this very moment, I had doubted if anyone could ever be ready for the crushing feeling, knowing that life was never going to be the same again.

Everything was going to change...

I was sure I was going to remain the same, though-silently loving him from a distance.

Chapter 12

Toby

Ultra sound appointment on Monday. Ten a.m. Be here. We need to talk.

I stared at the message for a couple more seconds until I could comprehend what it meant. The baby was about six months in and in three months time, she would make her debut to the world. I supposed I was flying out to Spain tomorrow, and I also had to figure out how to discuss things with Amelia after the baby was born.

The baby. I had always referred to her as the baby or it. I couldn't, for the life of me, acknowledge it as my baby or my baby girl because I didn't want to get attached and have it all taken away from me by DNA testing.

It was a horrid thought to have of a woman, but this was Amelia after all. Had it been some other woman who didn't have the uncanny ability to lie like it was part of their nature, I wouldn't even doubt that it was my child for a second. And of course, had it been Lucy's, things would surely be different.

Lucy...

God. Thinking about her had destroyed me a thousand times over after just that last thought.

Walking away from her as she stood with her eyes closed, silently weeping, had taken every ounce in me. Had that really been only an hour ago that each step had felt like shackles had been strapped around my ankles? Each step that had brought me further away from her had caused the fire within my heart to dim.

Everything had been pulverized to dust. What she and I used to stand for, the future we'd once discussed in the wee hours of the morning after an intense lovemaking with our limbs intertwined, our lips never apart and our hearts beating as one-it was all gone.

The one. My only. Lucy...

How could I fathom going on living life if nothing was left to live for?

Lucy was my absolute. My ultimate. My unconditional love. The driving force behind my survival. The sole reason underneath my actions. The entirety of my heart. My fundamental supplement in life...

And now it was all for naught. We would be together nevermore.

Tonight, I hadn't gone out thinking that I was going to let her go. True, she and I hadn't been together for quite some time, however letting her go from the binds and constraints of my soul-my heart... The inkling hadn't occurred.

One might ask why would I do that if my love for her was my everything? Well, it had taken just one look at her and seeing the reflection of myself in her eyes to make me pause; to ponder why there was tremendous unhappiness in those beautiful depths. Seeing that had made me feel like a selfish monster. It was me-the bastard-who had caused her profound grief, fracturing the only person I would give my life for.

The only redeemable thing I could do was to free her before she got destroyed by my greed.

This selflessness had been fueled from my love of her. How much I adored her-the stunning beauty, the shrewd mind and the kind heart. I asked myself then, could I take all that away from her because I was stubborn enough to keep fighting for something that was hard to get back?

My answer was no. Of course not. I loved her too much to rob her from all of that.

All I could hope-if there was any left-was for her to find happiness. In her career, family, friends and a lover who would cherish that brilliant gem of a woman.

+++

I had only just barely checked in at the hotel ten minutes ago and someone was already knocking on my door. Who could it be? I wondered sarcastically.

Rubbing both of my hands over my face as I groaned in irritation, I left my unpacked suitcase atop the luggage rack as I strolled out of the bedroom and into the hallway. I passed the living room with an amazing view of the city before I reached the entrance door.

Gripping the door handle, I swiftly opened it and didn't bat an eyelash when it was the woman who legally called herself my wife.

"Amelia," I greeted as she brushed past me, swaying along with her hips and four-inch heels. "Goodness, you could hurt yourself with those shoes. Why can't you wear something more comfortable like other pregnant women?"

She stopped a few feet away from the glass wall overlooking the popular main streets of Madrid before spinning around to face me with a dark brow dramatically raised to question me. "Por que mio marido?" Why, my husband? "Does it make you jealous that men still find me attractive even pregnant?"

Surely she did not believe that? Pure. Utter. Rubbish. Though I had to admit that there was a time when I had found her easy on the eyes, however that sentiment had past quite some time ago.

"Honestly, Amelia, do you not even consider the baby's safety? Shouldn't that be the first thing a mother would do? Is it really worth the risk? For what? A few whistles here and there and men lusting after you?" I tried to reason with her in a decent, calming manner, but her holier-than-thou attitude provoked anger and frustration.

She sashayed towards me, stopping just close enough to almost smother my eyesight with a bountiful view of her engorged breasts. "Why, mi amor, do you lust after me? I know how you love the fact that you can do anything with me and I never say no." Her fingers reached out, touching my chest over my shirt, trailing down to the base of my neck, brushing against my skin. "Do you ever wonder what it would feel like to be inside me while I'm pregnant with our child?"

"It might surprise you, but I barely think of you at all." I wanted to argue that it wasn't mine until proper DNA testing had been done, yet there was no point in bringing that up. Fighting with her was exhausting.

She snickered before brazenly arresting my scrotum with her greedy hand, palming it against the base of my cock before she wrapped her fingers around my girth, stroking them both at the same time.

Amelia was a sex fiend. She thrived on making men fall to their knees and worshipping her until kingdom come, but I wasn't that man. Sure, I had been influenced for a short period of time, however I wasn't in the least persuaded by her shameless attempts at seduction.

My cock stirred from her callous manipulation, but even if my erection would cause me pain, I didn't want to taint my body with another woman after I'd had Lucy weeks ago. Some might not understand the reasoning behind it, but it was the only way I could keep reliving that memory-still so fresh and vivid in my mind.

"That's enough playing, Amelia," I gritted through my teeth as I wrenched her hand away. How did I find that attractive before? I wondered with confusion. I supposed she was the polar opposite of Lucy and I had wanted to forget every trace of her, so Amelia had fit the bill of a temporary lover. Little had I known that she'd had her own secrets to hide.

For a second, I saw Amelia look offended, yet she immediately masked it with her usual snooty, defensive appearance. There were times I wondered what went on inside her head. I even went as far as hoping there would be an amiable side to her, that this persona was just a facade, nothing more. However, as time had gone on, I had concluded that there wasn't much different between the woman within and the woman she appeared to be. I was certain it could be taxing to anyone's psyche to be that vile and narcissistic around the clock. It was a pity really because she could've been extraordinary.

Watching her warily, I cleared my throat, getting her attention with a quick snap of her fathomless dark eyes. "Have you had dinner?"

She stared at me awhile. Silence fell in the room as she kept on gazing at me with a forbidding expression. "No."

All right, then. Jesus, would she relax and unwind for a moment?

Shaking my head in dismay, I strode over to the nearby accent table before plucking the menu off the glossy wood. Opening the leather binder, I glanced over the abundant Spanish selection before murmuring, "I'm ordering room service. What can I get you?"

"I'm not hungry," she muttered with annoyance.

Giving her a quick glance, I ignored her blatant pouting. "You need to eat. Even if you aren't hungry, try to nibble on something at least."

She took in a sharp breath, about to explode in a tempter tantrum. "I said-I'm. Not. Hungry."

Yeah, her usual antics weren't going to work, either. "I see. Well, I'm going to order you something anyway. You have to eat it or I'll feed you myself."

"Fuck me and I'll eat whatever you want!" she threw into the air just when I was about to pick up the phone receiver from its cradle.

Letting go of the phone, I ground my teeth together before I spun around to face her, throwing the truth in her face. "Never again, Amelia. Besides the fact that I'm divorcing you and you're taking your sweet bloody time to sign it, I'm done fucking around with my life. It's time to move forward."

Her eyes sharpened, almost squinting at me as if she'd detected something I had no clue about. "Huh," she huffed. "When's the last time you had sex?"

Epic question coming from her, truly. How dare she ask me that? "You have the audacity to question me when everyone in this town, or maybe the entirety of Spain, know about your illicit affair with an influential married man!"

"Nice try." She seemed unfazed as she blinked back a few times, fanning her lashes as she probed again, "When was it, Toby?"

I growled, about to lose my temper, "Drop it, Amelia."

"Who is she?" Her hand shook a little as she strode towards me, looking enraged and possessed but with a calm, eerie voice. "Is it your cold, English bitch?"

That did it. I immediately snapped when the word bitch was said. "Don't you fucking dare call her that!" I roared inches away from her.

"I can call her whatever I like," she screamed into my face, pointing her accusing finger at me. "I'm your wife! Your motherfucking wife! I have the right to everything!"

"But you aren't really, are you?" Without my temper in check, my voice boomed about the hotel suite. It even echoed. I was at my last wits, and with Amelia being so stubborn, it made it twice as difficult to mend fences with her. "I can file for annulment if I wanted to, but I was advised not to burden your family of extra humiliation on top of all this."

Out of nowhere, she launched herself at me, trying to paw my face, however I swiftly moved the side and it landed on my neck instead. Sharp nails bit into my skin. The burn of flesh being opened made me wince as she scratched with all her might.

The need to shake her body and put some bloody fucking sense into her was tempting, but even in my fury, logic interrupted, reminding me that I was dealing with a pregnant woman.

"Bloody Hell! What the fuck did you do that for?" I hissed, hurling the words at her.

She immediately tried to punch me on the chest before I grabbed her hand. Then she used her other fist to hit my shoulder.

Moving behind her body, I wrapped both of my arms around her, holding her down in a gridlock as she tried to thrash against me, cursing and screaming profanities in Spanish.

"Calm the fuck down. You're acting like a demented woman. A fucking lunatic. Get a hold of yourself!"

Again, for the second time tonight, her reaction surprised me, baffling me to no end, when she started uncontrollably sobbing.

I took a moment, absorbing the sharp turn of events. My heart raced against my ribcage while I tried to think what to do next. I hadn't encountered anything like this-a woman who was a she-devil turning into a broken one who couldn't stop crying. It was as if she'd held her tears in for such a long time, that our argument seemed to have snapped her composure and weeping immediately came barreling in with nothing to stop it.

Like a broken dam, Amelia's cries only became louder, howling as if she was in deep pain.

Loosening my hold of her whimpering body, I took a deep breath and tried to soothe her. "I'm sorry," I whispered into her ear, knowing how much I regretted putting ourselves in this predicament. "But you must understand, we need to live our lives. You need to let go of this grudge-it's ruining you inside. Please, you can't keep doing this to yourself." My voice shook when a piercing sound came from her, like a sound or the noise a dying animal would make.

"Cansado de la vida..." she whimpered before giving another shaky breath, "Cansado... de la... vida..." she kept on muttering in between sobs before dropping to her knees as if she had no energy left.

Instantly, I was right next to her, sitting as I pulled her body close, resting her head on my lap, stroking her hair then her arm repeatedly as she howled her pain away.

She cried. Non-stop. Until she no longer could. It had probably been about an hour when she finally became silent.

Taking a peek at her tear-stained face, I found her fast asleep. I stared at her countenance, really looking at her for the first time. In this state, she looked like any gullible woman, and she probably was. After all the hurt, and I was assuming, betrayal she had endured from her lover, she'd coped the only way she knew how. It was sad that her coping mechanism was the worst kind there was, but who could reason with a broken person? I was one, too, and I remembered Blake and Chad had tried to intervene against my ceaseless acts of destruction. Truthfully, at that time, I couldn't see anything other than the lacerating pain dislodged inside me, choking me each time I took a breath, killing me slowly from within.

Heartache could be the cruelest kind of mourning. People died from it. Some might take months, but others readily gave up weeks right after getting their heart smashed into smithereens.

With care, I slowly took hold of her limp body. The baby bump protruded amidst the sea of fabric of her dress. Guilt settled in as I carried her to the extra bedroom in the suite. Pulling the covers down, I placed her in the middle of the soft mattress and covered her body with the feather comforter.

Looking down on her, I felt a harsh stab of regret-of sadness and maybe a little guilt. Even though she didn't love me that way, I knew that I somehow had caused her injury, even if it was on a smaller scale compared to her other heartaches.

Had she always been this way? Seeing her breakdown had made me doubt that. She probably had been impressionable, arms wide open for love, and unfortunately, had chosen the wrong men in her life. They'd bulldozed her with endless promises before she'd fully given them her trust. However, once they'd had it, they had taken advantage of her gullibility and thrown her heart away. It was true, her heart had been broken. The only difference now was that she also had a broken soul and destroyed spirit.

Poor Amelia, I thought sadly.

Remorse situated deeply in me, but even then, it wasn't enough for me to sacrifice my life to help her fix her own.

After all, life was a battle we each had to endure, hoping that we wouldn't get crushed by its heavy lashing.

Chapter 13

Toby

The following morning, I awoke from the sound of the doorbell, the door being opened, and then some shuffling here and there before the room quieted again.

Raking a hand through my hair, I thought to myself that I needed a haircut whilst reaching for my phone on the nightstand, checking the time. Nine in the morning.

When did Amelia say the appointment was? I wondered as I slid off the bed and strode over to the closet to put a robe on. I had slept in my boxer-briefs like I always did, but I didn't want to look indecent when checking on Amelia.

Loosely knotting the complimentary plush robe, I strode out the door barefoot. The harsh, Spanish sun filtered through the massive expanse of glass, blinding me a moment. When I finally squinted my eyes open, I saw Amelia sitting on the couch, nibbling on fresh fruits and cream, face naked of artifice and in the same state as I was-dressed in a robe and a little exhausted.

"Good morning. Did you sleep well?" Slowly moving towards her, I sat on the opposite side, studying her awhile, wondering if I could see traces of the woman from last night.

She made a wan smile, barely meeting my gaze. "Surprisingly I did." She didn't add anything after that as she focused on dipping a strawberry in the cream bowl before bringing it in between her lips and taking half a bite.

"What time did you say the doctor's appointment was?" I asked as I reached for a raspberry and slipped it in my mouth, savoring the sweetness as it broke apart on my tongue.

"I can call him thirty minutes before we leave. He'll see me first before his other clients." Of course she was a priority. I wouldn't expect anything less from her.

I decided that the woman before me was still reeling from the events last night; a mixture of gullibility and stubbornness. Today should be interesting.

"Amelia, about last night..." I cleared my throat. "I was beyond harsh, and for a moment, I had forgotten that you are pregnant." Seeking her eyes, she quietly stared back at me. "I apologize for what happened."

She made a sad smile at my words. "You know what I thought before I fell asleep?"

"Hmm?"

"That you were actually a loving, sweet man. Had it been you that I fell for, I think I would end up being a happy woman." Her voice held melancholy, reminding me of the woman from last night crying herself to sleep on my lap.

"I don't want to be your enemy. I hope you realize that."

She nodded, breaking eye contact. "I know," she whispered. "I've known all along."

To me, she seemed complacent, as if she'd had an epiphany or something. The old Amelia would never converse with me this way, or let alone, admit any of this. And even though last night had shocked me to no end, I must admit that this new version of her was likeable. If co-parenting was in our future, I would feel much more comfortable leaving our child in her care.

After our light breakfast, we immediately started getting ready to leave for the doctors after Amelia's quick call to make sure that they knew she was coming. Leaving the hotel, Amelia's chauffeured car took us to our destination.

Anticipation and anxiety invaded me to no end. You see, this would be the first ultrasound I'd ever been to; back in the beginning, I had acted like a spoilt bastard.

Feeling remorseful for my past actions, I quietly vowed that I would go to as many appointments as I could, even if I had great doubts about the child's paternity. Either way, I decided that I'd rather deal with this situation as delicately as I could. If the child turned out to be mine, then that would be lovely. If it weren't, then at least I wouldn't have to deal with regrets. My life as of late had been filled with them, one after the other.

Shifting my face away from the window towards Amelia, she somehow looked pale even with her tanned skin and red lipstick. "Are you feeling better?" Reaching out to her, I gave her arm a light squeeze, as if wanting to transfer some of my strength to her. She looked like she needed it somehow. She blinked a few times as if she was bringing herself back to the present, like her thoughts were somewhere far off, before she glanced at me with confusion. "Are you all right?" Her behavior was starting to worry me. "It's going to be fine. I'm going to try and be here for every appointment from now on, okay?"

She barely acknowledged what I had just said, which threw me off a tad because, before her mini breakdown, this would've been quite a big deal. Right at this moment, though, she simply brushed it off, asking, "When are you leaving?"

"Tomorrow before lunch," I informed her, not taking my eyes away from her odd reaction. "We can go baby shopping later in the afternoon if you're up for it." Which only made me wonder again, "Have you bought any baby furniture and the lot?"

"Last month, I purchased tiny, pink lace booties." Her voice was hollow as she looked away, glancing towards the window.

I supposed that was a start. "Well, we can go ahead and add more to the collection if you're willing. I wouldn't mind walking about and being surrounded with pink frills and all those baby things."

"Sure." That was all she said.

It looked like she didn't want to be bothered so I let her be, leaving her in her own world while my thoughts lingered on last night and how her feistiness had turned into something that I wasn't accustomed to.

Ten minutes later, the driver stopped in front of a private clinic.

Pushing down the lump in my throat, I stepped out of the vehicle, wondering what it would be like to see the baby for the first time. People did this sort of thing on a daily basis. There was nothing to be nervous of, surely.

Striding over to Amelia's side, I opened the door for her, offering my hand to help her out of her seat. She didn't hesitate to take it, and when she did, I was surprised to find her hand was freezing cold in the hot, Spanish summer. It was beyond strange.

"Goodness, you're cold. Why didn't you say so? We could've gotten you a light wrap to put around you," I said with worry, my brows furrowing at her, wondering what the bloody hell was going on with her.

"I'm fine," she quietly said, nodding towards me to follow her inside the glass doors. "Come on."

Taking a mental note, I made sure to remember that I needed to address a lot of things with her tonight before I left back to England tomorrow. Before, I wouldn't have cared about what Amelia did, yet for some reason, after last night, I somehow felt the need to look out for her.

It was a peculiar feeling, especially when it came to her. Life was full of punches and surprises. I could attest to that.

Chapter 14

Toby

The kind looking nurse ushered us into a dark room with one beaming light coming from a blank screen before quietly closing the door behind us, leaving us there.

Amelia strolled forward before placing her purse on the white table against the wall while my eyes scoured for the light switch.

"Don't. I want it this way," she said behind me the second I was about to press the switch.

"Of course. Whatever suits you best," I replied, clearing my throat as she slowly took her dress off, then her undergarments came next. Transfixed at the naked sight of her with the baby bump, I watched as she took the hospital gown splayed across the medical table before casually putting it on without giving me a glance.

"The baby looks bigger..." Compared from last night, my mind blurted out. "What do we do next? Just wait for the doctor to show up, then?" This was my first time, after all. Naturally, I was curious to know how these things worked.

"You can bring a chair and sit next to me if you like," she offered as she stepped next to the medical chair and slid on it, situating herself on top of the paper covered recliner before closing her eyes.

Moving towards the side of the wall, I took a chair and quietly placed it at her side. Just when I was about to sit on the cushioned seat, the door cracked open and an older, male doctor with salt and pepper hair came in.

"Hola, Senorita Mendoza! Como vamos?" he greeted as he strode inside the room, stopping in his tracks when he found me sitting next to Amelia. "Hola, Senor Watson. It's time you join us, si?" He gave me an approving smile as he continued towards Amelia.

They quietly exchanged words in Spanish, and since I wasn't fluent with the language and could only manage around the country with knowledge of the basics, I ended up trying to figure out what they were discussing. Based on his tone, he seemed to be asking her questions like, what her daily diet was usually, or if she had been meticulously taking her pre-natal vitamins, to which she responded that she was taking them a few times a week instead of on a daily basis.

Goodness, what had she been doing? She seemed to be misguided when it came to taking care of the baby in her womb. I didn't even doubt that she would unintentionally skip meals, leaving the unborn baby with no nutrition for quite some time. I needed to speak to the chef, Leta, that used to make meals for us in our marital home. When I left her, I hadn't thought about reminding the staff about making sure that she was taking small meals even if she didn't feel like it. I had assumed that they, the staff, would gradually put that into their routine. Unfortunately, I had been wrong about that.

My ears were still trying to tune into the conversation when my phone beeped, indicating a message. Shifting to my side and away from their view, I checked who it was. Blake Knightly.

Two missed calls, a voice message and one text message, all from the bloody man himself. Bastard, did he miss me that much? I smirked at the thought of it. Opening his virtual mail, my eyes scanned the message.

Heard you were in Madrid. Everything all right? Sienna and I are back in London. Call me if you need anything, even if it needs me to fly out there. I mean it, Watson.

Sienna says hello. She also had to make sure I typed that in. Oh the joys of married life.

Call me when you can.

The joys of married life, my arse. The bloody fool couldn't function without Sienna in his life. He loved her beyond obsession. Beyond reason. Beyond life. And I couldn't be any happier that he had finally found someone that made him sink to his knees, worshipping the woman who loved him the same way he loved her. Their love was a ball of tragedy, beauty and intensity.

Like what I had with Lucy...

Thinking about her brought a heavy tightening in my chest before I slowly coached myself to breathe without feeling the sharp burn in my nostrils. Clearing my throat and my lingering thoughts of the lost love I had, I slipped the phone back into the pocket of my dark jeans before focusing on the two people before me.

Amelia was nodding, submerged in what the doctor was telling her. He was wearing a heavy frown, lips thinned as he nodded, looking down at her with worry in his eyes.

With her awful habit of skipping meals and the pre-natal vitamins, I was almost sure she was doing a lot of things that she wasn't supposed to be doing. No wonder the doctor didn't seem too pleased with her answers.

It wasn't long before the doctor addressed me and said we would start the check-up, and he'd try to explain as much as he could. He also informed me that, if I ever had any question, I could go right ahead and ask.

Amelia's feet were on the stir-ups before the doctor lifted her gown and stopped right above the swell of her stomach. Using two fingers, he was pressing about the womb, asking her questions about pain and if she'd had any instances where there was cramping at all. She answered him with a small shake of her head.

He was about to do a vaginal check up on her, so he gently explained that she was entering her third trimester and needed to eat a little more. After the examination, he proceeded towards her belly, producing a tube of clear gel, expelling a good amount on the tip of her stomach.

With baited breath, I became anxious at the mere idea of seeing the baby on the screen. True, there was a high chance that it wasn't mine, but there was that puny bit of a chance that it could be.

The screen was blank as he pressed the device into the skin of her stomach. The first thing I heard was the heavy whooshing sound of a loud heartbeat. It surrounded the room. A few seconds later, the baby appeared on the screen, looking like a tiny, sprouting bean, curled up and all.

"Come meet your pequena." The doctor was addressing me, but I was too busy being mesmerized at the tiny form on the screen.

After a minute or two, I dropped my gaze towards her stomach before reverting back to the screen. Oh my, I thought to myself, swallowing the dryness in my throat. Emotions ran havoc in my mind and body. I barely recognized what they all were because I was truly out of my depth here.

Lucy... no wonder she loathed me and had moved on without hesitation.

Not before long, we were done with the exam and the doctor advised Amelia and myself that she needed to eat more and add light exercise in her regimen, so when the time came that she went in labor, she wouldn't have much difficulty.

Exiting the private clinic, we quietly strode towards the car where the driver held the door open.

For a while, I kept glancing at her, hoping her facial expression and demeanor would change. From the hotel to the clinic, she was simply monotonous, robotic, as if everything bored her senseless. Maybe last night had drained her. After all, she had cried buckets. I was sure that had taken a toll emotionally. The least I could do was at least try to be understanding.

"Feel like going baby shopping?" I kindly asked, hoping she'd say yes.

She shook her head, merely giving me a brief glance before turning her head back towards the window. "I'm tired," she whispered. "Maybe next time."

I sighed. "Okay, definitely the next time I come back then." Stifling my disappointment, I asked her again, "Do you want to just drop me off so you can go home and rest?" I didn't want to be such an inconvenience. I had little to no experience when it came to pregnant women, and from what I knew, they were one not to be messed with, most especially when they were exhausted.

"Can I stay with you?" she asked before turning around to face me with an unreadable, dark depth. "Until you leave tomorrow, if you don't mind?"

Weighing it over, I supposed she could. After all, didn't I need to make sure she ate? Besides, I needed to make a call to the chef and ask him a favor.

"It's fine. We need to discuss and straighten out details anyhow."

"We do, don't we...?" she trailed off, back to her expressionless state.

Noting the extreme duality of her personality, I was truly considering that something might be going on with her, beyond pregnancy and all.

My flight back was tomorrow around noontime. Would that be enough time for her to open up to me?

Chapter 15

Toby

For the past five hours since we got back, I had been working on my laptop, emailing and making appointments for potential clients. The second I got back to England, I would have to look for office space, hire an assistant, and start from there. Obviously, that was the easiest part. The essential, rigorous part of doing business was done behind closed doors, negotiating deals, doing vast research, studying market trends and emerging markets. It was basically readying to deal big, volatile risky investments, banking on the fact that my choices and strategies would pay off-and most did. This was my comfort zone. One of my abilities that I excelled in-taking calculated risks, analyzing data and trends in a shifting global market.

Stifling a yawn, I stretched my arms before folding my hands behind my head, closing my eyes as I took deep breaths. This had been my mechanism for ages when I was under stress and pressure. Then again, my life was always the same, barely without pressure and obligations.

Getting up from the worktable, I decided to order in for dinner since Amelia was still fast asleep in the spare bedroom, barely squeaking a sound. I strolled over to her bedroom and opened the door as quietly as I could. She remained in the same position she had been when I'd checked on her two hours ago. Containing a sigh, I decided against waking her up and silently shut her door when the sound of the buzzer chiming made me immediately tense.

Obviously, it couldn't be room service since all I had done was think about ordering less than a few minutes ago. The only person I could think of was Amelia's mother, Costanza. Walking towards the main entry hall, I was on the defense when I opened the door with no trace of surprise when I found out who it was.

"Mother, now's not the time to pester me. You can come back some other time." I was about to shut the door when she fumed and pushed it against me before she came barging in inside like she ought to be, confidently striding in her typical regal-like stance.

My nostrils flared as I slam the door shut, following where the person who bore me waited with impatience. The woman who most people would say I looked like, but that was where our compatibility ended.

Consciously brushing the strand that fell off her coifed hair, she darted me a drastic glare, huffing like a lioness ready to pounce on her cub for misbehavior. "You will fix everything. Costanza is going to be here shortly and I expect you to graciously apologize for your rude behavior. You will do this, son, or I'm going to raise hell."

"Raise all the hell you like; I will not oblige any of your demands. I am done dealing with your nonsense," I uttered in a sharp, crystal clear voice. "You still haven't gotten that into your stubborn head? I. Said. I. Am. Done."

"Why are you yelling?" a voice behind me asked.

I spun around and found Amelia frowning before her eyes travelled to find my mother. "Evelyn? What brings you here in Spain?" Scanning her face, I looked for a sign that she'd had anything to do with my mother's unsurprising visit. I didn't find any. She was stunned, just as I was.

My mother started to move, brushing past me to get to Amelia, giving her a hug and pompous, cheek-to-cheek air kisses. "What do you think? Saving both our families from humiliation and embarrassment. I'd rather not be the subject of the gossipmongers for the summer."

Her voice irked me to no end. Of course, she'd think about herself more than anyone. Gossip during summertime would reduce the invites for garden parties and galas. It would be a total tragedy for her, I knew.

"There's nothing to save. Everything is filed; my lawyers are only waiting for her signature. The rest is done."

My mother's cold eyes matched mine, measuring how she could try to beat me, however there was nothing left to fight. I was through with it all. Nothing more. I had to hand it to her, though, she didn't back down on our eye-standoff; Amelia broke our concentration by speaking.

"I'm signing." She cleared her throat before speaking again, "Before you leave, I'll sign the papers."

My mother's expression was... priceless. "No, child, you will do no such thing!" she gasped with horror.

As much as I would like to lavish on this little triumph, before my mother no less, I was more focused on Amelia, hoping that she was serious about this. This meant everything to me. "Are you sure? I mean, if you need extra spousal support, that won't be a problem."

She shook her head, wrapping one arm around her stomach and the other holding the lapels of the robe. "I have more than enough."

Right after that statement, my mother went beyond ballistic. She stressed the situation and how the humiliation would ruin everyone. She even called Amelia's mother to hurry up so she could help convince us about the divorce. However, after a quick word from her daughter had her turning around to go back home, leaving my very own mother in utter mayhem.

It took my mother a good fifteen minutes worth of screeching colorful names and lecturing about social commitments and wealth before she finally left us in peace and silence, quaking the room with the harsh slam of the door in her wake.

Arms against my chest, I pressed my lips together, speechless. That was the person who had given birth to me. This was beyond hysterical. "That was rude of my mother. I apologize," I uttered in pure disbelief as I stared at the door, praying that she'd surely decided to leave the hotel instead of some dramatic exit before she came back with the finale.

"She needs to let you go, too..."

The old Amelia would've sided with her, screaming profanities and uncaring about anyone else but themselves. Yet, this new version of her remained pragmatic, siding with me for the very first time.

She kept silent for a bit, casually walking towards the back of the sofa, fingers caressing the texture before she thought out loud, "She doesn't love you. I think she loves the idea of you and what she aspires you to be. I think it's because she hasn't accomplished much in life. She gave birth at such a young age and never really found herself... It made her this way. She wants to live through you, becoming something bigger, someone much more important that people could look up to," she whispered as if the idea had just dawned on her as well. "When she talks about you, it's as if you're the only hope she has. I felt bad about that... but my selfishness paved a much bigger opportunity for me, so I took advantage of the situation."

My entire mind and body tensed as I listened to her speak. Her revelation out of nowhere had staggered me. She had never uttered a damn, bloody thing about basically anything about my life, my family or much of anything unless it involved her or Lucy.

"Blake Knightly..."

Fuck. What did the bastard do now? I noticed that her throat bobbed, as if having a tough time remembering what had happened.

"I've been in love with him... even before he realized I existed," she started to say with a soft sob. "The first time I saw him, he was in Rome visiting his aunt and uncle. My parents and I were invited to this lavish gathering they had, but we never got the opportunity to be introduced-he was busy with this group of people, mostly women-" she wiped a single tear that fell before smiling sadly.

"Even from afar, I knew he was the most beautiful man I had ever seen. That whole night, I kept glancing at him, hoping he'd notice me, but he was too busy. I went home with a sad heart, but I knew it probably wasn't the right time anyway. I believe in soul mates, and my heart chose him.

"A year after that happened, I found him again in Marbella, socializing amongst my friends and family because he was planning on opening a casino and needed everyone's support and approval. But of course, for me, it was entirely different. I really thought he and I had a chance. Everything was perfect-beautiful-just like I imagined it would be. But it wasn't a fairytale because Sienna came in the picture and ruined everything for me."

Delusion at its best, I sadly thought before stating my opinion. "Sienna has always been in the picture, but she was in a relationship with Kyle, and Blake, being the man that he is, respected that and chose to be friends with her instead. It was only a matter of time until he did something. Before things progressed between them, he was already in love with her. I'm almost hundred percent positive he was even in love with her when he was with you."

"My life's a tragedy, Toby..." she started to break as tears streamed down her face, "and I don't think it can ever be fixed."

"It's never too late to fix anything. You're still young, and with the baby on the way, you can start afresh-a new life in every sense of the word." As I moved towards her, she held out her hand, stopping me from trying to comfort her.

"I started seeing this married guy, thinking stupid things that would make him come back to me. I'm sorry for using you, too. I wanted him to hurt because he loves you, but nothing worked. Nothing..." She shook her head, gazing up to me with tears and quivering lips.

"I paid someone to produce a fake testing for the baby. I hate not knowing who the father is, but I couldn't blame anyone except me. I made such a fool of myself." She tapped her palm against her chest. "Look at me now. It's tragic, isn't it?" A heartbreaking smile came to her lips. "I only ever fell in love..."

Haunted would be the precise word I would have used to describe her at that moment. One revelation after the other; how had she kept this up for so long? Sure, I had believed she was pining for Knightly and wanted a taste of revenge, however I'd had no notion how deeply rooted her feelings were to him until now. What did one tell the other when both persons involved were utterly and tragically hopeless?

"Amelia-"

"I'm exhausted, Toby."

As was I. More than I would admit. "I know you are. I do know that." I motioned my head towards the dining area, hoping that I could entice her to eat something because she hadn't had anything since the fruits and cream this morning. "Let me order dinner and we can discuss how to build your new life. Hell, we can even consider the thought of relocating you to a different country if it would make you feel better."

"The last supper."

I nodded. "Yep."

"Before a brand new life."

At least she was riding on the idea. That was a splendid thing.

"Anything in particular you fancy getting a taste of?"

"Get me everything on the menu. I want a tiny piece of everything. I want to savor every morsel," she enthusiastically supplied as she strode towards the hall. "I'm going for a shower. I'll be right back."

"Sure. I'll do the same."

Twenty or so minutes later, freshly showered and shaven, the six-cart entourage to our gluttony arrived with flowers and a butler equipped to serve when ready.

A vast selection of tapas, cheeses, three dishes of paella-seafood, chicken and pork-Castilian-style beef rack, chorizo filled with spices, desserts, and other dishes I had not had the pleasure of being acquainted with, filled the entire opulent rectangular dining table. All forty-two inches of it.

I was all for casually eating, but Amelia absolutely devoured her food like she had been starved, like a famished bear that had woken up from months of hibernation. Brushing off her behavior as if I wasn't in complete amazement, I diverted my attention to discussing where and what she fancied to do after the baby was born.

She was forthcoming with her thoughts, even mentioning that she played with the idea of opening a business or working again because she had enjoyed working before Blake Knightly had come into the picture. With the baby due in a few months' time, I advised that she rest and experience motherhood first. Then, when she was ready to challenge herself with work and being a mother, she could go right on ahead.

It was strange, yet we discussed about the baby not being mine in a normal manner. Strange at best, but definitely reassuring that her attitude shift could be permanent. I even went out of my comfort zone and offered to be there for her in any case if the father turned out to be the unnamed, married man she had been involved with. It was a massive promise to make, but somehow seeing that tiny peanut on the screen earlier today had touched a place in my heart.

Right after dinner, she informed me that she had decided to go home and rest. So here I was, waiting out in the living room as she changed into her clothes, hoping that this amiable communication would never alter.

Amelia came out ten minutes later, dressed in a loose, soft cotton dress that her maid, Delia, had brought. Apparently, she'd made the call after showering and before she'd come out to eat dinner with me.

"Thank you-for being here." She seemed shy all of a sudden, quite unusual again coming from her.

"This trip was... momentous." Historic. Beaming like tomorrow was going to be better and brighter, I took her in my arms and held her tight. "One day at a time," I murmured into her ear. "Just breathe and never let the past dictate your path."

I felt her nod, understanding somehow. "You're a great man, Toby. Maybe even better than your best friend," she replied, bringing a smile to my face.

As I pulled her away from my body, she produced her purse and opened it, drawing out the signed divorce papers.

"I don't have any clue what made you change your mind or what transpired that afternoon, but whatever this is, I hope it's long-lasting."

"Let's just say that a vision came to me during sleep. Like a beacon or guiding light to show me the way."

Well, that sounded hopeful, that vision... "I'm delighted to hear that. Truly, I am."

She did somehow look less troubled. I supposed the hatred that had fired her soul for the past year or so had dissipated and found a different purpose-her unborn baby.

"Before I go, I just want to tell you that a woman that loves with all her heart would never let anything stop her from being with her man. Lucy gave every excuse to leave you. Think about it."

Great point. However, I had realized that beforehand. "I know."

"Good." She smiled before stretching her neck as she stood on her tippy toes to kiss me on the cheek. "Until we meet again, Toby Watson."

Indeed. "Until then, Amelia."

Watching her leave, I stood there awhile, mesmerized and astounded of the turn of events.

The future had never looked this positive.

Optimism flowed through me and I had not felt this genuinely blissful in quite a long time.

My life certainly was bursting with surprises.

Chapter 16

Toby

The morning of my flight back, I woke up early, showered and dressed before the break of dawn. After ordering room service for breakfast, I decided to work for a few more hours before readying to leave the hotel and heading towards the airport. Ever since I got here, I had rarely used my mobile and it was overflowing with emails and messages, both business and personal. My morning revolved around that.

The hotel provided a private service to take me to the airport, making everything easy. The ride to the airport was different. This time, I actually saw Madrid, the city itself. It had been influenced by Romans, Iberians, Moors and Arab cultures; its unmarred beauty, historic wealth and style of architecture somehow saddened me because I hadn't truly experienced the city. Sure, I had travelled here more than I could count and lived here during weekends when I was obligated to leave Marbella when work didn't consume me. I had been wrapped in my own misery, so I had neglected to see something that was a distinct part of my life. After all, I had gotten married here, in one of the most historic Cathedrals in Europe.

Spain, overall, had been my home for the past year and a half. I had never thought I would feel that way, but saying goodbye to this country brought melancholy to my previously upbeat mood.

The thought of calling Amelia and letting her know that I was on my way to the airport came out of nowhere. After debating for a few minutes, I decided that maybe this wasn't the appropriate time to call after last night. As she'd stated before, she was exhausted and in need of a good amount of rest. Making a friendly call would only interrupt in her day. Besides, I was almost convinced that she wouldn't want to hear from me for quite some time. Maybe in a week's time or two, but not immediately after what had occurred between us.

The substantial amount of truth she'd revealed would surely rankle her conscience-realizing and seeing what had transpired of her dire love of one man, her obsession and hatred developing into a string of disastrous events. She had brought down several people along the way. I could only imagine what it would be like to comprehend what had gone on in her mind, seeing the demon she had made of herself.

She was right, it was a tragedy. However, it was something that could be undone, and she could finally redeem herself again. She could be free and let go of the toxic past that had influenced and poisoned her entirety. I truly hoped that she would come out of it. I had meant what I'd said about being there for her, outcome of DNA results notwithstanding.

Just as I ended my reflection, the car parked outside the airport terminal. With a quick thank you and a hefty tip to the driver, I strode inside the cooled terminal, producing my passport and ticket.

I was paving my way towards the check-in desk when my phone started shrilling. I chose to completely ignore it as I slid the items in my hand to the smiling attendant. "Hello. To London Gatwick please."

My phone rang again. Excusing myself before I took the call, I hunched over my back and covered one ear so I could clearly hear the call before I greeted the caller, "Hello."

"Hola, Senor Watson?" the male voice on the other end asked.

Raising apprehension as I focused on the call, I had almost convinced myself that this was possibly a client I'd had in Marbella who had no idea that I had left Knightly Industries. "Yes, this is Toby Watson. Can I help you? I'm checking in for my flight to London, and I'm on a tight schedule."

"Si, I understand pero su esposa..." he started saying. "Hubu un accidente y Senora..." Your wife had an accident. The words echoed while I instantaneously felt the roaring rush of dread, leaving me hot and cold.

I didn't even let the guy finish speaking because, the second I heard him say the hospital name, I requested my passport back before getting into a taxi, leaving the airport in a dreadful rush.

The second we got to the hospital, I took all of my euros and shoved them into the driver's hand, uncaring of the large sum.

Stepping into the emergency room, everything became a chaotic whirl. The attendant asked me to provide proof of identity before letting me know anything about Amelia's condition, and I was almost thankful that I'd had the wherewithal to get my passport back amidst everything. Spanish folks were quite anal about such things, and I did understand the necessity and security purposes, but since this was happening to me, I could care less about safety procedures.

After the meticulous double-checking, I was told to wait in the sitting area and someone would inform me about Amelia's condition. So I waited with threadbare patience.

A little over five minutes later, a young looking woman announced my name as she scanned the few faces in the waiting area.

"Here," I said, standing up, meeting her halfway before demanding, "What news of my wife? Where is she? Was the accident bad? What about the baby? Is it okay? I need to know her room number so I can go up there immediately."

The flow of questions stunned her from speaking for a moment until she was able to take in one question at a time. With accented English, she replied, "Sir, I'm sorry to inform you, but she was confirmed dead when the medics got to her."

Confirmed.

Dead.

Amelia...

She was fine last night. It couldn't be. There must've been a misunderstanding.

"I... I-I don't understand," I staggered with coherency and speech, barely making sense of anything.

"I'm sorry for your loss." Her face contorted with sorry and pity, as if she knew me, and me not being some random person with whom she had delivered a fateful message to. "We were able to save the baby, but her condition is not promising."

At five months, the peanut I had seen yesterday hadn't fully developed into a baby. How could something this horrific happen to an innocent thing? Let alone be delivered to the world early because the mother died before birthing.

"Can I see Amelia first then the baby?" I asked in a hollow voice, feeling helpless, and yet, in a deep catatonic sense of shock.

She nodded. "Si, Senor. I just need to ask when she would be ready to be seen. They're still cleaning her up after the C-section."

"Thank you," I barely managed to whisper as I backed onto a chair behind me, hitting my legs from behind as they immediately folded with no energy or power to hold my body up straight.

A harrowing pain conquered me, leaving me numb, distraught and shaken. No tears were shed, however inside, I mourned the loss of her. I had been given one day to see the real woman within before she had been taken away.

Regrets and wishful thinking flooded me once more. One regret-and it's one I doubted I could ever forgive myself for-was not making that bloody call I had debated myself over. Had I made the effort, she still might be alive. Not dead somewhere in this hospital, lifeless like the white walls everywhere around me, witnessing another normal day.

Amelia... wherever you might be, if you can hear my thoughts, I need you to know that I will take care of her, raise her into a fine young lady and love her the way she needs to be loved.

For the first time in years, I was saying a silent prayer, begging for the little peanut to survive this grievous ordeal she had been faced with from the moment she was brought into the world.

Chapter 17

Toby

Someone came to fetch me, gently giving their condolences and sympathy as the nurse ushered me into a section where two large double doors with small rectangular glass in the middle stood in a vast hallway. The kind nurse left me there, wanting to give me space to grieve and come to terms with what awaited me behind those ominous doors.

Could I do this, look at her lifeless body knowing that I most likely was one of the causes of her death?

I stood out there, feeling quite small and hopeless against something so much larger than life-death.

"Senor, are you okay? Can I get you something?" the nurse came back to check on me, probably wondering what the heck I was doing out in the hall still.

"I'm-not so sure." My mind kept telling me to move my limbs forward, yet my body was heavy, worn down, and still in great denial about it all.

I kept closing my eyes, hoping that I would wake up from this twisted nightmare; that Amelia wasn't dead. That she was safe in her own house, resting like she was supposed to. I hadn't gotten the full details yet, but I had been given the idea that she was driving alone. What provoked her to do that? Ever since I had known her, I had never seen her drive anything. She always had a driver-always. So this news came as a surprise.

A shiver ran past me, a mere brush, but it jolted me to life, making me pause as I looked around before I looked at the still, silent doors calling out to me.

"You know you want to go see her. Let me help." The nurse stood right next to me, nodding towards the doors before she looked straight into me, as if telling me that it was all right to be afraid-that it was okay to show it.

I gave her a curt nod, signaling that I was willing to let her guide me inside. Her hand held my shoulder, gently tapping it as we started to walk to the other side of the door.

I wouldn't call myself nervous because what I was feeling was a mixture of anxiety, trepidation, being completely at a loss, bereavement, powerlessness, anger; but most of all, guilt. I had it in spades.

It wasn't far of a walk, and in no time, we reached a swinging, dark gray door.

"I'll stay here. You go ahead."

Urging myself to move, I took a few slow, timid steps, stopping as I gently pushed the door, holding my breath before my arm went lifeless and let go of the door. Panting now, I stared into my hand, feeling like I was going out of my mind.

"Some believe that souls stay in our world when they weren't ready to die... so you dedicate a simple prayer. Tell her that it's fine to go. That you're going to take care of the baby and she has nothing to worry about anymore. She needs to know that it's okay so she can forgive herself for all the sins and let go of everything she hung on to. You free her... give her back to the earth."

Unblinking, I frowned at the nurse, not sure what to make of the things she had just told me. Her light brown eyes expressed that she knew more than I did, and that, whatever token of advice she suggested, I should follow.

"We are all connected-to everything. Life. Death. Evolution."

My frown grew deeper.

Her gaze directed behind me before reverting back to my face. "She's waiting."

Powering forward, I went into the room. The bright, fluorescent lights basked her body right in the middle of the room. My body felt light but heavy. Inexplicable emotions ran riot as I stepped closer to the woman I had married a little over four months ago.

She was covered in a white sheet, pale in pallor compared to her usual tan, but apart from that, she didn't look dead. In fact, if one would just look at her face, they would think that she was sleeping. What took my breath away with alarm was her body. It had parts that were black and blue, some green with cuts around them. Her shoulders had deep lacerations-sharp and claw-like-as if she had been attacked on both sides.

Touching the tip of a strand of her silky, dark hair, I gently stroked it. "I haven't seen her yet..." I spoke out. With the room in eerie silence and nothing to interrupt the stillness around me, my whispered voice sounded louder than it usually was. "I'm going to, after I say goodbye to you."

I had to pause, imagining what she'd had to go through before the accident had taken her life. Had she died from bleeding? How long had it taken until help arrived? I had so many questions, yet there was one that troubled me the most.

"What happened after you left last night, Amelia? I don't understand any of this. In a lot of ways, I have caused you pain, and I wish-I wish that I could've done it differently, maybe tried harder to get through to you instead of abandoning you all by yourself.

"Even if things between us weren't normal, I should've done a better job in taking care of you. I'm horrible at it, aren't I?" My voice cracked a tad at my admission.

"You're free... from all the pain that consumed you for so long." I bent over and kissed her cold lips for the last time, whispering, "You may rest now, tortured angel."

Taking a deep breath, I gave her one last look before I somberly strode towards the exit.

Just when the door closed shut, only then I remembered something from last night...

Until we meet again, Toby Watson.

Why hadn't I noticed that? Amelia never spoke to me that way when leaving in rage, she... No! My thoughts screeched to a halt the moment I realized where they were going. The horror sunk further into me.

At one point last night, I had almost been convinced that she was getting better....

But she'd proven me wrong.

Chapter 18

Toby

Yes, I had most certainly been proven wrong in thinking that saying my private, final goodbye to Amelia was the toughest thing I had ever done. Tough barely grasped what I tried to conjure in my head and the actuality of what and how it was going to be. I had an idea, but nothing came close, not a bloody thing.

Because the instant the glass doors in the neonatal intensive care unit of the hospital welcomed me in, the very moment where I stepped in to the stillness of the room with no sound other than the peeping noise of the machine and that tiny, domed glass sitting right in the middle of the room with lights above it that were directed at one particular thing.

The thing-my thing-was fighting for her life to survive. Her right for life.

I felt like someone had punched me in the gut, chewed my heart out and spat it back out, poured gasoline on it and took a torch to alight it on fire.

My knees wobbled as I grew nearer, never taking my eyes off the tiny kiss of life.

Someone came from the side, appearing out of nowhere as she started to progress forward with a friendly smile. "Mr. Watson, I'm Dr. Letty Barrera."

Barely nodding, my eyes diverted back to the baby. "How is she doing?"

Her face crumpled. "She's... hanging in there. Her weight is consistent with her growth, weighing around ten ounces."

Ten ounces? Fuck.

"We need you to sign some papers regarding her blood work. We need to see how her liver is functioning and how her other organs are doing. Her oxygen intake-it will basically tell us what we need to know."

"I'll sign them right now," I rasped out before signing the papers that she gave me.

She was writing something on her chart, speaking to me at the same time. "The nurses will be checking in every thirty minutes. I will be back again to check on her in an hour. The blood results won't be in until tomorrow morning. If you need anything-let us know straight away; we'll try to accommodate it the best we can."

"All right."

"Mr. Watson?" she called out before walking out.

"Yes?" I turned around to face her.

She hesitated a moment before opening her mouth to speak. "My work deals with facts, and every now and then, we get miracles. Your baby's at twenty-one weeks. The survivability ratio is less than three to five percent. Some would argue and say zero, but I believe in trying." She was practically telling me not to get my hopes up in the kindest possible way, though she was also reassuring me that she wouldn't give up until there was nothing left to be done.

"I appreciate that a lot. Thanks for believing."

A half smile and a second later, she went out the door. She exited as quietly as possible, leaving me alone with the baby for the first time.

It only took a few little steps, and I was right there next to her. She looked so tiny... so fragile. She was red-pinkish, her skin appeared to be shiny, as if it was made of plastic, and was practically wrapped around her bones with no fat at all. Tiny hands with miniscule fingernails. Cute button nose. Her eyes were covered with linen-like patches. Tubes covered her mouth, helping her lung function and the others in her body were for feeding and to monitor her stability.

"Don't give up on me yet, princess," I whispered into the room, silently vowing to do whatever possible to keep her alive.

Making special arrangements for the baby to be moved into a different room across the hall that had a private sitting area wasn't a hardship. It served both the baby and I better because I could be right next to her. And with the sitting room adjacent, it was convenient for me without having the need to find a hotel room to sleep for the night. In the eventuality that something was to happen, she could be immediately well taken care of by the nurses that were stationed right outside so that at least eased some of my worries.

The difficult part was the staff asking me if I was considering cremation for Amelia, the funeral arrangements and so forth drew me speechless. With a quick call to Amelia's parents' home, I was notified that they departed for Turks and Caicos earlier this morning, leaving me to deal solely with the decisions.

I had none. I wasn't sure if there was some religious ritual that the Catholics did when one died. I had not a goddamn clue.

Shoving my phone away in my pocket, I finally sat down and took a deep breath. My body had been knotted all day from what happened. I felt exhaustion seep in to me immediately, weighing me down for a nap.

+++

I was awakened by hushed voices murmuring in the background. I continued to be in my dream state, yet my body was alert. In the back recesses of my mind I thought this was a part of a dream, that I was here, alone and hearing voices was only pure hallucination, or maybe my exhaustion was playing tricks with me.

As the seconds ticked, my brain started to rouse. A flashback of the horrid events from yesterday-the goodbye; Amelia's lifeless, cold body; the hospital; the double doors; seeing the baby in the incubator for the first time; and all the while hearing the nurse's voice boom in the background. Rewind and fast-forward, it went on one more time before I heard Amelia's voice saying, Until we meet again, Toby Watson. Then everything went blank, fully waking me out of my dream.

I immediately sat upright, dizzy and groggy as I pressed on the base of my nose between my eyes, hoping that applying small pressure would help me with the massive headache that threatened to split my head open.

"He's up," someone whispered in a voice that sounded like Chad's.

My eyes cracked open, searching from left then to right, finding Sienna, Chad and Blake standing against the glass wall that divided the new room for the baby and the sitting area. They had probably been gazing at the baby all the while thinking how unfortunate she was to be in there, and I hated the fact that she was. Even though nothing was for certain that she was my own flesh and blood, I felt some kind of kinship with her, as if she was mine already.

It was Sienna who came towards me first, followed by Chad; Blake stayed in his spot, assessing like he always did. I just knew the man too well. We had, after all, grown up together.

"So sorry you're going through this. It seriously breaks my heart-she's so tiny." Sienna sat next to me, hugging me first before she started sobbing. It somehow ended up with me consoling her.

She was a tough woman-could endure the toughest mental breakdowns a woman could ever experience. The tears in her eyes brought immediate wretchedness as I recalled what the nurse had told me yesterday.

Chad did the same, teary-eyed and all, however he kept his distance, possibly trying to compose himself because he didn't want to end up like Sienna.

Lucy... she didn't come. I knew we had a lot of differences, but this was something rather vital. Her being here would've at least showed that she cared. I supposed things were truly done with us now. Not even friendship... or the mere idea of it anyway.

"Have you had anything to eat?" Blake questioned, making me dart my gaze towards him.

He didn't offer any words of comfort, not even trying to empathize on the sad situation, which was troubling me more than anything. After all, he and I went beyond years and decades of friendship-we were brothers-so his standoffish demeanor only baffled me further.

Clearing my throat, I reached out to the half-drunk bottled water on the coffee table, shaking my head in response before twisting the cap open and finishing the rest.

"I don't know about you, but I'm famished. There's a cafe next door that serves strong coffee and a light breakfast," he said in a serious manner. "Chad and Sienna can take over watching the baby."

"Yeah, I suppose I could do with a bit coffee." I got up and walked right next to him, glancing towards the baby inside the glass room.

There was a nurse within the room, writing on her chart as her eyes diverted back and forth from the screen, the baby and her chart. Everything remained the same, I noted, as I concentrated on the tiny baby inside attached with tubes, its barely developed body and its dependency on the machine to keep her alive.

"I'll be right outside the door when you're ready."

Blake wanted to give me a moment, they all did, as I comprehended the situation and the challenge ahead of me. It wasn't a question about my own capacity, if I could or couldn't. It was merely an inevitable decision that I would fight alongside for this little baby's battle of survival, that I would do everything in me to keep on fighting until the very end.

Spinning around, Sienna and Chad were holding each other, mute and still, as they brought each other comfort, just as they'd done last year when both of them had gone through a tough period.

Each and every one of us had our own battles to get through; some harder than others, some much more draining. Sienna and Chad already had gone through with theirs. Now, sadly, it was my turn.

Chapter 19

Toby

Just as he'd stated, Blake was waiting outside the door, browsing through his phone before looking up and giving me a curt nod. Side by side we walked outside the hospital and were greeted by the rays of the early morning sun as we headed towards the cafe.

Two black coffees. No sugar. Two croissants.

Just like I had said before, we were brothers. We had grown up together liking mostly the same things-the only exception was women. Thank the gods. Well-all but one really.

"Amelia's dead," I said it in a matter of fact tone as I pulled the ends of my croissant and took a bite. It felt and tasted like dust on my tongue, but I ate it anyway. If I wanted to take care of the baby as I had promised to be there for her, I had to keep up my energy. So I had no choice except to swallow the vile tasting food in my mouth, though eating was the last thing I felt like doing.

Blake took a long sip of his scalding hot coffee, as if it was nothing. Sure, he was half Italian and thrived on cappuccinos and espressos, however even Italians had sensitive tongues. Blake's most likely was immune to it-it was an amusing thought, but I had always wondered each and every time we'd had coffee together. Through the years of being friends and working alongside him, the same bloody thought appeared, yet I never really uttered a word about it.

"Doesn't your tongue have any heat sensory system?"

That made him put his cup back down on the barrel-like table, considering me like my question was the strangest thing someone had ever asked him. Well, maybe it was.

It was then I saw him crack his usual, arrogant smirk before it became a full smile. "Why waste time in waiting for it to get cooler? Sometimes it's best to take things the way they are-like they were supposed to be." He shrugged. "Why waste time changing it? Besides, it isn't that bad once you get used to it, like everything in life."

He made sense; I couldn't argue about that. He'd always had a way with things. How he looked at life, full of wisdom and knowledge. I was sure him being on his own since he was ten-years-old after his parents' accident had played a vital role in shaping the man that he was today. He never wasted time, opportunities, priorities or his women. He would jump in and go all out, consequences be damned. I admired him for that, wishing that someday I could be just as cautious and reckless at the same time.

"I took the liberty of tracking down her parents so they could be informed. Apparently, the cell phone signals were lacking, so tracking them down was difficult, but I took care of it. They were informed that their daughter was in an accident, nothing more. And if everything went according to plan, they should be on their way back as we speak."

God, her parents. They would be completely devastated with the news. Amelia had been their world.

"I appreciate it, mate. Thanks."

"I also had someone look into the accident." He paused, weighing my reaction before continuing. "It seems like Amelia committed suicide."

Shaking my head, I didn't want to believe him.

"She apparently didn't wear a seatbelt before driving off a cliff."

He sounded so insensitive, as if he was detached from this disaster that he'd taken part in creating, that I simply blew a gasket. "She wouldn't-that's absurd! She was pregnant for fuck's sake. Where the bloody fuck did you get this inaccurate information? It looks like your sources aren't doing their jobs!"

"I saw the driver himself this morning. Juan Carlos was the one who called me last night, letting me know what had happened after the cops swarmed the house and started interviewing everyone. How did you think I found out?"

I hadn't even thought about it. When it came to Knightly and his vast minions and sources all over the globe, I hadn't been a bit surprised that he was there when I woke this morning.

"What did he say?"

"After leaving your hotel last night, she asked him to drive her to a church that she frequented once or twice a week, attending a mass or doing a confession around seven in the morning." He paused, gauging my face. "She begged her priest for a confession"

"Did you happen to know what she told the priest?"

"He wouldn't disclose anything of use, says that he is a man of God who has vowed not to break confidence with his people. Including the ones who are dead."

It wasn't a doubt any longer because Blake had just confirmed what I'd feared most. There had been inkling, but I had brushed it aside yesterday.

It greatly saddened me to know that she had been aware of was doing before she'd even said goodbye to me the night prior. No wonder she had chosen her farewell words carefully. Those words were forever ingrained in my head-my memory. It would haunt me eternally, knowing that the clues had been there, staring blatantly at me, and yet, I somehow had been too naive and too much in denial to see her full intentions.

No wonder her demeanor had immediately changed... she was already plotting the whole time... even when we had gone to that ultrasound appointment. But if she wanted to end her life, why bother going to the doctors anyway?

She had done it for the baby...

There was a possibility that the baby might survive and she had wanted to cover every angle by letting me be attached to it by some sense of familiarity before she'd progressed and executed her plan of demise.

"She loved you," I murmured. "Until her last breath."

The man across me fell silent.

We had both caused her pain. It was truly beyond unfortunate how she'd decided to end her life. I believed that, given time, she could've found happiness. Perhaps she even would have found another guy that she could fall madly in love with, and Blake Knightly would have just vanished from her heart. Sadly, she hadn't believed in that.

"Amelia loved me in a different way," he broke his silence, frowning at the table with great concentration. "She loved the idea of me-the man in control, the guy sitting at the ahead of the boardroom table, the man in charge."

She had beaten herself emotionally at first then mentally before succumbing to the physical, ending it once and for all. The image of her dead with bruises, cuts and the deep lacerations in her arms

"She suffered living. I hope she's suffering no longer."

"Indeed. I pray that she doesn't," Blake murmured much to himself.

Most women chased him for that very reason. Maybe Amelia's had been the same in a sense, but hers just had gone a little deeper than the rest, Camilla Clayworth and Ivanna aside.

In my own way, I sort of understood her and why she'd chosen the way to end things as she had. I didn't agree with it, however I understood where she had been coming from. When you were suffering from unrequited love, you worked on trying to kill that feeling. You could attempt to bury it for a time, but when something triggered you and it sets off your emotions, there would be no escaping.

Because, when it chose to remain, all you could try to do was hide it, lock it somewhere where no one could feel it other than you. You'd still sense it in every second the time ticked away. You'd feel it when you heard the birds chirping out in the garden, when you sipped your coffee in the morning, or when you drove your car. It was there. In you. Bonding with you, seeping into your system, wounding you until you were interlaced with it and it eventually dictated your ultimate purpose.

I had been suffering along with Amelia. The only difference with me was I had chosen to accept the fact that my love for Lucy could never be buried or tamed. Accepting that unlucky fate that I would never be with her again was the wisest thing I had done. It hurt more than words could ever describe, but loving her was all I had known, therefore I would keep on loving her until there was nothing left of me except flakes and ashes on the ground.

Denial could wreck a person. It obliterated any sense of reasoning, defeating your purpose and goals. It fed off your rejection, your bitterness and anger. It was emotionally cruel and the worst kind of mental torture to go through. Just like what had happened to Amelia, believing things that were made up from her obsession and fascination of the man she'd loved.

By accepting the bare truth, you adapted with it and lived the rest of your life trying to fill the void that sat heavily in your chest. You learned how to breathe again, one breath at a time.

You carried on with pride, believing that the greatest pain of all was to love and to be aware that the love was in vain.

Chapter 20

Toby

For the remainder of the morning, we gathered around in the sitting room. Blake worked away on his laptop. Sienna went through brochures and schedules, busy making calls for the PR firm she was interning with. Chad kept getting calls from Luke, seeming that there was a baby available for adoption and their coordinator was trying to get them an appointment.

They were a mad, chaotic bunch, but having them there meant the world to me. They somehow filled the silence and gloominess of the hospital. The sounds of the intercom, the ringing phones, people rushing past for a new patient that needed their help, the septic smell that permeated the air, the blandness of it all and the white walls-it all felt like too much. It bombarded me, slowly closing in on me before swallowing me whole. Having them there eased a little of the pain that was tearing my life apart.

Leaving them in their own world, I set to go into the adjacent NICU. I had been waiting for the results. It was ten past eleven and Dr. Letty hadn't showed up yet.

Watching the baby with helplessness and fascination, I didn't hear the doctor come in until she walked past me, saying, "Hello, Mr. Watson."

"Hi. How did the tests go?" A patient man, I was not. Besides, I wanted to understand where we stood when it came to her chances and her health so I would know how to proceed from there.

Dr. Letty's hands went into the deep pockets of her white coat before giving me the "stern doctor's face", the look they gave when they were about to tell you something important. "If you were waiting for me all morning, it's because I was doing research. I was hoping there was an intricate way to approach it without risking her life. Senor, I'm so sorry to tell you that your baby's vitals are dropping slowly. There's a lot of factors to consider why this is happening; the impact on the accident possibly caused trauma or the premature labor itself-we don't know."

No. How could she after she promised that she was going to try? "How can you tell me that you don't know? You're a bloody doctor, are you not?" I yelled in her face, confused and angry from the downturn of the baby's results.

She didn't seem to be fazed about my outburst. Ever so calmly she addressed me, "It's frustrating. I understand more than you realize, but babies born at twenty-one weeks, as I mentioned before, only have a tiny percentage in surviving. They live from two, three, maybe four days. The only thing we can give her is comfort. Make her hours as less stressful as she deteriorates."

This was a nightmare.

Gripping the ends of my hair, I started to pace. "Is there a way that you can try to keep her alive?"

Her reaction was dismal. "Operating on her could be fatal."

I let out a pained sound, not wanting to believe her. As much as I wanted the baby to survive, I couldn't for the life of me make the baby go through surgery that might simply kill her in mere minutes.

"What should I do?" I begged in a pained whisper, hoping she could enlighten me.

"Pray for a miracle."

+++

The rest of the day, I kept to myself, mostly checking on the baby whenever I could.

My friends were concerned and mourned with me. It was just so unfortunate that they had work and personal commitments before dropping by here for a day to give me support. They were busy folks, and for them to go out of their way to spend some time with me to make sure I was functioning, meant a great deal.

It was early in the evening when one of the nurses asked me if I wanted to hold her, and much to my naive horror, I declined her offer even though she assured me that I wouldn't hurt her. That was beside the point because she was hurting. Her vitals were steadily dropping and it wouldn't be long until I was going to say my farewell. As of that moment, I wasn't ready to part ways with her yet. Maybe when the time came, when I truly needed to make a decision-even just for a short while-I would be honored to hold her.

Sienna made sure to leave enough food for me on the nearby table and stocked the fridge with liquids before leaving. So here I was, browsing through news channels as I nibbled on a tuna sandwich when the door opened and in came Lucy.

"Hi. I just heard and I flew in straight away." Her cheeks reddened as she mumbled her excuse. "I had exams, you see-" She let go of the door as she hesitantly stepped forward, halting mid-stride. "I feel quite terrible. I hope you didn't think I'd abandon you in a time of need."

She truly looked gutted and the inkling to bring her into my arms and smell her scent, so I could somehow forget about my troubles, almost made me beg... almost.

"No." I shook my head, lying through my teeth. "Of course not. Thank you for coming, though you didn't have to." She hadn't, but I had hoped she would. Seeing her now made things bearable.

She released a relieved sigh, softly walking towards the side of the room before taking a seat to my left. "How are you holding up?" Her teeth caught her bottom lip, as if she was nervous. "About the baby-I don't know what to say. It's just terrible. Such a grave situation." It was. And if I had decided to open my thoughts about it, I wouldn't be able to contain myself.

Needing to change the subject, I had to go for the usual redirecting questions. "Thank you. Can I get you anything? Sienna made sure the food was fully stocked. She even made sure there was dessert."

Lucy cracked a smile-the smile that I loved to see. The kind where I felt my heart drop, skip a beat, and take my breath away. God, how I had missed her...

"Sienna and her sweet tooth. I haven't had the chance to see them. As I said, it's been quite hectic for me, school and the lot." Her eyes lingered over my face, eyeing me with concern. "You look shattered. Have you had sleep at all?"

"As much as I can manage." Which hadn't been a lot. The nurses checking the baby, ranging from every thirty minutes to an hour, always woke me up.

"I hope you don't mind me coming after... everything."

Why would she think that? She knew I loved her.

"No, don't ever think that." Having her here was a blessing. Being in her presence had already made a huge difference to me.

She looked thoughtful, her eyes never leaving mine before asking the hardest question of all. "How much time does she have?"

Limited. How vicious was it to bring life into the world and then take it all away in a matter of days, some even in hours, leaving the parents in pure turmoil and anguish? Life was a gift, and yet, I felt like the baby's life was being played at; as if this was all some kind of a twisted joke, which had been played at the baby's expense.

"She's declining steadily..." My chest tightened at the meaning of my words. "Maybe a day or two at best."

"Oh, God!" Her face contorted before she stood up, sat next to me, and threw her arms around my neck, hugging me with all sincerity. "I'm so sorry, Toby."

My arms hung onto her as I breathed her in, expelling the pain in my chest with something as light as her scent. It filled me with everything I needed. "Yes... me, too."

Chapter 21

Toby

It was five in the morning when someone lightly shook me awake, calling my name with soft urgency that immediately snapped me out of my sleep.

"Yes?" I mumbled, rubbing my face from exhaustion.

"Sir-Senor... it's time." The nurse rushed out as she looked at me with sad understanding.

Nodding, I took a moment. "All right," I murmured as she stalked off through the glass door towards the NICU.

I was about to get up when I realized that something heavy sat on my lap. Peering down, I realized that it was Lucy's head while her hand rested on my thigh, fast asleep. If it was any other instance, I wouldn't give this up for anything, but this wasn't just any other time. This was the only time I had with the baby, and the seconds were ticking by like a clock, gradually diminishing her life as it ticked away.

"Luce..." Gently stroking her head, I started to wake her up. "I have to go and be with her."

She started to move, barely opening her eyes, sleepy as can be. "What's wrong?" she muffled, yawning before lifting her head off my lap.

Christ, I was dying inside. Yet, with one look at Lucy, I felt like I could take on the world. "I have to go and see the baby. The nurse told me it's time."

Getting up, I started to walk towards the door when I felt her scramble to her feet, following my steps.

The second I entered, I knew things were different this time. The machine's steady beeping had a prolonging sound to it-like a warning.

Striding towards the nurse that awakened me, who was with the baby, she greeted me shortly before another nurse came in and helped take off the tubes and wirings that were attached everywhere on her body. One nurse started bundling her while the other took care of the machines. Not before long, the beeping noise disappeared and the room was still as we looked at the nurse bringing the baby towards me.

"You can sit here... and rock her to sleep."

I did as she asked, stepping forward to sit on the wheat colored, linen rocking chair.

She made a cooing sound, comforting her. "Papa is here, mi angel." She then angled her body low, handing the baby over, while I nervously tried to cradle her in my arms in an awkward manner before shifting her a bit to lean against my chest, pressing her cute cheek on it.

The nurses stayed for a few minutes, making sure I had everything I needed before they gave me their kind sympathies and exited the room.

I couldn't stop staring at her with such profound feelings of love and wonderment-fear and pain. My heart broke even more when she puckered up her lips and made a sucking sound.

"She's precious, isn't she?" I looked up and found Lucy halfway across from me with disheveled hair and red cheeks, watching me with tears streaming down her face.

She made a small nod before coming towards us, stopping a few steps away as if she wanted to be here, and yet, she wanted to give me space to mourn as well.

"She's beautiful, Toby."

This would be all of what I would remember her by. There wouldn't be photos of her first tooth, the first step, first birthday... I wished that there was some small something I could do to make her live. Watching her tiny, fragile frame, I felt that it was all my fault she hadn't been carried full-term. The reason why she was dying, too, because, at twenty-one weeks gestational age, she didn't have the necessary immune system that could shield her from infection and all other dangers.

"When I first saw her, I asked her one thing, and that was not to give up on me yet." Gazing over her sweet face, I ingrained it in my memory, knowing that I would forever miss this little angel of mine. "She tried... all I asked was for her to try, and she did..."

She was swaddled with a warm, pink cloth. Her small, frail body so warm and so light, weighing almost nothing, as if she was made of air.

"She's a good girl, but she doesn't have enough energy to keep fighting. She probably misses her mom."

Just then, I saw her eyes blossom slowly, lifting open. Dark eyes stared right at me, as if she knew, too-that we didn't have that much time to get to know each other. Wetness pooled at my eyes as I cherished this amazing encounter I had with my baby.

Reaching for her arm, her hand somewhat hung on to my forefinger as she blinked at me.

"Hi, sweet pea," I murmured, choking on tears.

This... this was killing me inside. I wanted to save this tiny, beautiful girl, and yet, I didn't have the power to do anything. It was out of my hands.

Just as the doctor had ordered, I started to say a prayer.

Her eyes penetrated my heart, and I hoped to God that, whatever happened after death, someone or something would guide her, make sure that she'd be safe and secure and out of harm's way.

Extreme sorrow racked my body as I slowly rocked the chair, lulling her with my warmth, comfort and blanket of love.

My heart spoke, reciting a sweet poem I had read before by some unknown poet.

I felt an angel near today,

Though one I could not see.

I felt an angel, oh so close,

Sent to comfort me.

I felt an angel's kiss,

Soft upon my cheek.

And oh, without a single word

Of caring did it speak.

I felt an angel's loving touch,

Soft upon my heart.

And with that touch,

I felt the pain and hurt within depart.

I felt an angel's tepid tears,

Fall softly next to mine.

And knew that as those tears did dry

A new day would be mine.

I felt an angel's silken wings

Enfold me with pure love.

And felt a strength within me grow,

A strength sent from above.

I felt an angel, oh so close,

Though one I could not see.

I felt an angel near today,

Sent to comfort me.

From a distance, I could hear Lucy softly sobbing. Her sadness made mine a hundred times worse than imaginable, but I could deal with my pain later. Every second counted with my baby, and I didn't want to waste thinking about my own misery when she herself might be in grave pain from declining bodily functions, a simple thing like breathing.

"Don't be afraid, little one. Mama's going to be there to meet you. She'll start taking care of you from now on, okay?" She opened tiny slits of dark brown eyes before closing them again. "You have nothing to worry about any longer. It's going to be fine." My thumb brushed below her bottom lip, noting that it was the same width as my fingernail. She was so adorable. So beautiful. And I wanted to keep her more than anything.

The next time she tried to open her eyelids, she barely lifted them halfway. I couldn't describe it, though by some unforeseen power or maybe just instincts, I knew she was almost there. She was hurting and I knew I had to let go.

"Try not to forget me. You're in my heart. I'll always remember you."

My lips touched her forehead, soft and warm. "Goodbye, little princess," I chokingly whispered. "Someday, I'll see you again."

Quietly I wept, never leaving her.

It was about an hour after that when the nurse came back and checked her pulse before she confirmed that she had passed.

When it was time for them to take her away, I protested, begging to have more time with her, but they insisted that it would be unhealthy for me if I kept on rocking the chair, pretending as if she was still alive.

Lucy had to intervene, pulling me away and into the other room, holding me as I wept harder in her arms.

"I'm going to miss her."

Her hand stroked my back, comforting me. "I know you will."

The baby had been a blessing even if I hadn't seen it that way in the beginning. She had shifted my axis, and I wasn't sure how to move on from here.

+++

The days went like a blur with the arrangements. Amelia's family held a public and private wake, so everyone could say goodbye to her in a closed casket. My friends were there, giving their support, but I chose to avoid them all, including Lucy. At that point, I had no words to say; not even for small talk and nonsense.

My parents were also present, and though my mother apologized for being so crass and inappropriate that time in the hotel towards me and Amelia, I barely acknowledged it. Sometimes, even if someone crossed the line, a heartfelt apology just wasn't enough. She'd be lucky if I granted her anything in the long run. As of this moment, I didn't want anything to do with her and my father. They were scoundrels underneath all the expensive baubles and ostentations.

The events that had taken place before the funeral meant nothing much to me. Most of these people were acquaintances and social friends. Most chose to be there to network, to be seen by the upper echelon of the Spanish society, and of course, to gossip.

None of that was real. Not until the funeral.

It was one thing seeing Amelia's casket go six feet under, but watching them put the tiny casket into the ground killed whatever was left in me. I was hurting gravely and I ought to cry, however tears simply didn't come, and it made me feel even more frustrated.

I felt cold. Angry. Bitter. I was filled with darkness and nothing could make it go away. Truth be told, the darkness that settled in, running through my veins and fueling the hate I had for everyone, actually felt good inside my heart.

Craving the cold comforts of darkness, I wanted to curl up in a dark place; to be left alone with my thoughts and bottles of bourbon and whiskey to soothe the ache in my body.

I had been too late when I had ultimately realized that I wanted that baby. I loved everything about her. Everything had been too late.

I had nothing else to live for other than regrets, one after the other.

Right after the funeral, my friends and I all left in Blake's jet and headed for home. They all huddled over in one section as Chad excitedly discussed the theme and design he wanted to do for his baby's room. Apparently, the baby was arriving soon and he was going to be a father. Hooray for that. I somehow thought it insensitive that I was grieving over my own while he celebrated the birth of his. I should be angry-maybe I was a little bit-but the fury I wanted to happen didn't escalate because I knew deep down he meant well. And I also knew before all of this crap went on, he'd been wanting to have a child. It truly was a celebration for them. Not for me.

I was glad that they respected my wishes to stop asking annoying questions. How often did they have to ask if I was hungry? I wasn't an invalid that couldn't function to get my own meal had I been famished. After that tiny fit I had with them, they stepped back-a little. They were giving me space, though not for long.

Seeing Lucy get up from their little intimate cooing about color schemes, heading towards me, I almost grunted out my frustration. The last thing I needed was to talk to her. After that night of crying in her arms, I didn't want to look even more pathetic in her eyes. Besides, she was becoming too touchy, and I didn't want to get back into my old habit of craving her touch like an addict. I was surviving without her, and I'd rather keep at that.

"Hi, is it okay if I sit next to you?" she asked, smiling as if we were the best of friends.

I could easily fall into her trap again, but what use was it if I was already trapped in my own demons? "Did you need something, Lucy?"

"I was thinking, if you need any help with your house, I could help arrange and clean. The first week is going to be hard for you; I thought it would be a good way to be productive and distract yourself."

She wanted to clean? "I'm fine, but thanks for the offer."

She hesitated, as if not wanting to end our conversation. "I'm here. You can call me anytime."

"I'll keep it in mind." I would never call her. I think she knew that, too.

For the past year and a half, my life had suffered because I couldn't let go of the idea of what we'd once had. Now my life had been shaken, and it sure didn't involve her any longer.

Chapter 22

Lucy

It had been seven days since we got back from Spain, and I hadn't heard from Toby yet. My calls had gone unanswered, as had my text messages. Seeing him would be ideal, but since I didn't have a key, I had taken that as a sign that I wouldn't be welcome in his house.

The fact that Sienna mentioned that his aunt Tamsin-the one that had cancer-had also passed away yesterday, made me ache deeply for him. He wasn't having to deal with one death, it was three.

Thinking of that beautiful, little angel brought tears to my eyes. Watching the man I loved hurt when there was nothing I could do to ease his agony, was the worst thing I had ever witnessed in my life.

Toby's hurt when I had left him was nothing compared to the eviscerating pain I had watched him go through-that he continued to experience at the moment. I couldn't fathom what it had been like to bury Amelia and their baby five days after the little one had died.

He became a ghost. A ghost with empty eyes-eyes that could see, but never really grasped anything they were seeing. Sleep had deserted him; his eyes were always red-rimmed from sleepless nights and tears. He was continually out of it, spacing out when spoken to. And at some point, I thought he wanted to bury himself along with them.

After the funeral, Blake and Sienna strongly suggested that he stay with them whilst mourning. Chad and I had agreed, but he had been adamant that he wanted to be alone and that no one should dare bother him during this sensitive time.

I knew for a fact that Sienna had arranged with Freya, Blake's housekeeper, for food to be delivered four times a day to his home since he was steadfast about none of us invading his space and pestering him about anything. So we'd all grudgingly stepped back, wanting to grant him his wish... even Blake, which only made me more desperate. Because without anyone, Blake most of all, he would deteriorate in his own misery, and I would hate for that to happen.

I wasn't sure what those two spoke about, but I knew Toby said something to him the day after the funeral that made Blake stop demanding that he listen to him. Blake Knightly wasn't a man that could easily be told what to do, however his best friend had said something that had made him stop pestering.

Like any normal person, I hadn't stopped wondering what it was; which was why I took action and decided to give the newlywed couple a quick visit.

It was early Saturday morning and I was sure they'd still be in bed. So I took the liberty of purchasing coffee, my kind of apology in exchange for waking them up. Living with Sienna before had already given me an idea of their sleeping habit, eating preference, their usual fights, and of course, let's not forget about their loud, hard-pounding kind of mating that always left me to wonder how in the world Sienna could walk in four inch heels after that kind of shagging.

Arriving in Chelsea at the Knightly's lavish home, I entered my pass code on the keypad before placing my thumb on the scan screen so it could identify me. Blake had top-notch security because he was a major deal. With billions and all as well as a hot face and body to go with everything else, it was a given that a lot of twisted fucks would try to get his attention. Then there was the other wretched sick fucks who wanted to hurt his woman. The situations these two had gone through from the start were quite the nonsensical soap opera.

With the gate opening then closing, I strode towards the modern Victorian house before producing a key to enter into the lavishly decorated foyer, closing the door as quietly as I could. Making an effort to pause and peal my ears for any indication that the two were up and about, I was greeted with nothing except quietness, so I proceeded towards the stairs and into the hallway towards their bedroom. Hiding back a smile as I bit into my lip, I hoped that those two weren't in the midst of shagging as I gently pushed the bedroom door open.

Their two dogs immediately perked up, especially Santini, the husky. It looked like he was about to bark until he recognized who it was, then he went back on his spot, right next to Blake's feet.

The two were beyond knackered it seemed because there was a wide space in between their snoozing bodies.

I knew it wasn't the time to be silly, but it had been ages since I'd had good fun, and this opportunity was just as good as any. I took my shoes off and made my way towards the bed, scooting myself with caution as I held on to the coffee tray consisting of scalding hot beverages. I didn't breathe until my body was resting against the black, tufted headboard, contemplating what I should do first when Blake made a muffled sound.

Peeking at his side, my eyebrows rose when I saw his wide expanse of tanned, chiseled chest. Was he... naked underneath? The bloody thought hadn't occurred to me.

OH. My. Fuck!!! This was a chance in a billion trillion.

Shifting towards Sienna's back, I somehow wiggled my way into the comforter before braving it out and taking a peek just to get an answer for my curious mind. And viola! His bloody tight arse was shaped to perfection no less.

Stifling my giggle, I lifted my left foot, bringing it towards his golden bottom. With the help of my big toe, starting from the top, I brushed it along the crack ever so smoothly, making sure I didn't make the mistake of pressing it deeper into the crevice as I went along. My touch was light, feathery soft, but Blake noticed.

"Sienna..." he muttered. "My cock is hard and ready for a ride, cara."

Christ Almighty! Such a horny bastard, I thought wickedly as I remembered how Sienna usually talked to him.

In a low whisper, I went further into the joke. "How do you like it, baby?"

"Fuck me hard. Milk it good," he grunted out, sounding more awake than the last time.

Oh, God. This was epic.

"My, Blake Knightly! What a dirty, naughty boy you are."

His entire body froze, arse stiffening as he slowly twisted to his side with a horrified, camera-worthy look on his face.

"Fucking Hell, Lucy!" he screeched before barking a deep-bellied laugh that reverberated throughout the room, which woke Sienna.

"Blake! You're hurting my ears!" she grumbled, half sitting before she cocked her head to the side and saw me. "Holy shit-you're here! What happened?" She looked rattled, but one glance at her husband softened her features.

He paused laughing enough to say, "Would you believe Lucy had her toe in my arse and I had begged you to shag me?" He started tearing away, as if it was the funniest joke ever.

It was funny until I analyzed his words... "Am I that repulsive?" I asked in disbelief, looking at him then Sienna.

"No. Why would you even ask that?" Sienna frowned as she reached over and plucked her coffee off the tray. "You didn't bring anything to go along with this?" she asked as she took a sip, tasting the coffee before nodding her approval.

"Like what? A side of Blake's golden sausage?"

She snorted, rolling her eyes. "No, silly. Madeleines, cheese Danish, chocolate croissant? And as for the sausage, trust me, it's not that golden." She gave me a knowing look, shaking her head as if it was the saddest thing.

"Such a disappointment." I feigned sadness.

"Hey-Hey!" Blake glowered, obviously noting our conversation. "What's with the rubbish talk? Let's keep it civilized." He then gave his wife a heated gaze, smoldering with sexual innuendo. "Wife, I look forward to you on your knees, begging. Have fun with your meat-free, vegetarian diet."

His intense gaze then went to me, making me hide a smile as he lifted his brow. "What brings you to share my bed? My best friend might murder me for this."

The mention of him brought me out of our silly banter. "I came to talk about him, as a matter of fact. Sleep evaded me last night, so I thought I'd make an early run for coffee and surprise you both." After I had handed him his coffee, he thanked me as he took a sip then placed it on the side table.

"I need to change into something, then we'll discuss him, if you don't mind."

"Go right on ahead," I said, not realizing that he was slipping out of the bed stark naked then proceeding to walk towards the en-suite with no care what so ever. "Fuck, Knightly!" I was aghast, yet I couldn't look away from perfection.

"Babe, I think you've traumatized her enough. You can carry on getting ready," Sienna mused, watching him disappear with an expression that said that she was truly smitten and in love with him.

"I hated Amelia," she started to say, bringing my gaze to look at her before she continued. "When she came in between us and broke us apart, I never truly got over it. Not with Camilla or Ivanna, either. Well, not until I attended Amelia's funeral..." She trailed off. "I saw her parents look at Blake in a certain way. I knew they didn't blame him for the cause of her death, but they had this bereaved look... like they were wondering why he couldn't have loved their daughter the way she'd obsessed over him."

"Oh, Sienna." I reached out to her, holding her hand and giving it a light squeeze. "I don't want you to remember these horrid events. It wasn't my intention-"

"No. Of course I know that, Luce, but all I'm saying is that I actually felt bad. I felt sorry for her. It must've been grueling to see the man you love be happy with someone else. I now understand her pain."

Amelia had truly been one difficult character to understand. She had been covered in layers upon layers, hiding the real woman underneath the sass, the bite and the sharp tongue. I understood her, too, in a way. Yet, I still couldn't fathom the string of pain she had caused for so many people because she had been hurting inside. There was no excuse for such callous behavior, no matter the depth of your bereavement.

We all had our crosses to bear, and it was up to each person how to carry on with that heavy pillar pressing against them, weighing them down until they could no longer take another step on the dusty, cobbled road ahead of them. Or one could at least try, persevere and hope for the best; that sooner rather than later the roads ahead would start to clear their way, making their feet ache less from each step they took.

The cross would always be there, no matter where you went, no matter the stages in life. You just had to endure. You had to appreciate the pain even if it gutted you alive. You had to withstand it all, knowing that others had it worse than you, and yet, they had come out celebrating the journey, proudly bearing their scars. Trusting and loving oneself was the key to not giving up faith, believing that, someday, it would be you rejoicing your journey.

Our mood was somber when Blake strode out with a questioning look about him. I hadn't come here to bring back the past, I'd come here to deal with present problems.

"I need a key to his place."

"You could ask him, you know. Have you ever thought of that?"

I gave Blake a you-have-got-to-be-kidding-me look. "You know he won't, so why ask?"

Blake shrugged before sitting on the foot of the bed, taking Santini in his arms and showering him with kisses. "He's having such a gutting time, Luce. Baiting him with something he couldn't have would be downright cruel."

"How is wanting to make sure he's okay considered cruel?"

He arched one aristocratic brow. "Need you ask?"

Well, then... "What if I could help? What if I can get through to him, be there with him?"

"This will put him in a severe situation. What happens when you fancy dating another man? No," he shook his head disapprovingly, "I will not see my best friend go through another round of hell, Luce."

"He's got a point," Sienna interjected, agreeing with him.

Hurting him wasn't my intention. I just-I needed to see him, to make sure he was okay. I just needed to... "I can't say I blame you both for protecting him, but I just want you guys to trust me. I promise I won't hurt him-I swear on my life. Please, trust me on this?"

Blake was tormented. He didn't want to break his friend's trust, yet he knew that he had to save him somehow. "He hasn't returned my calls, nor has he opened his library door to let me in. He's holing up in there, quite possibly drowning himself in alcohol. Heavens knows when he'll eventually resurface."

I had heard about his alcohol problem after he and I had broken up. However, whenever I had seen him before, he had seemed fine and could handle his drinks like the usual man I'd dated back in the day.

"Guess this is better than not doing much of anything at all. Our efforts aren't working, so maybe Lucy's method will," Sienna said as she got up with her silk chemise, showing a great amount of skin and her toned curves from her dancing. She rummaged into her purse before plucking out her keys. She then took one out, throwing it towards me. It landed on the side of my leg.

"If he asks about the key, I had nothing to do with it." Blake took it from the sheet and handed it to me.

"Thank you!" I jumped out of bed, showering them with floating kisses as I slipped into my shoes and walked out of there as fast as I could. I didn't want to give them a chance to change their minds, and of course, I also couldn't deny the obvious, that I wanted to head straight to his house in Hyde Park on Park Lane.

Since it was early with not much traffic activity, it didn't take long until for me to reach his place. My enthusiasm had died down the moment I got out of the cab and stood outside his home, dauntingly eyeing it with anxiety.

Go on, what are you waiting for? My mind mocked me as I began to move towards the steps, pulling the silver key from my pocket and inserting it into the keyhole.

Once inside, I could faintly hear music drifting somewhere from the hall as I slowly made my way deeper into the house. In the kitchen, I staggered, finding paper bags from different restaurants containing his favorite dishes had been left untouched. The opposite wall had boxes of liquor. If I had no idea where I was, I'd think someone was throwing a party. Well, maybe he was-a party for one.

Following the music, I halted outside his library door.

"Toby?" I knocked a few times, one louder than the other. "Are you in here?" I pushed my weight on the door, prying the knob to budge open, but nothing worked. Giving a few more knocks and still nothing, I sighed, figuring that he'd come out sooner or later.

Besides, overtiredness made me dizzy, so I strode towards the living room, looking for the perfect place to rest for a little while as I waited on him to come out of his hiding.

I just needed a shuteye, an hour tops.

Chapter 23

Lucy

"Lucy?"

The sound of his stricken voice stinging my eardrums immediately woke me out of my dream. Sitting up, I brushed the hair off my face when I saw him stride towards me like a dark, fallen angel. The asshole kind.

"What are you doing here?" His eyes flicked up and down, noting how shabby and sleepy I was. "You've been here this whole time?"

Why was he glaring at me like I was some unknown intruder?

Sighing, I gazed at him apologetically. "Sort of."

He brooded some more. "Do you need something?"

Rude much? His unfeeling demeanor was getting to be too much. Since I had somewhat trespassed, though, I couldn't really blame him. "Not really. I thought you'd like company."

"How hard is it to understand that I need to be alone?" He sounded grating, condescending.

With a shaky breath, I got onto my feet, looking sorry. "Let me be here for you, Toby."

I saw him flinch, as if it was the last thing he wanted because it was coming from me.

"There's a spare room upstairs. You can use that for tonight, but please be out of here by morning."

He had never spoken to me that way. Never.

"You don't mean that-that's a little harsh."

"Harsh?" He looked a tad offended, blue eyes turned into something dark, almost black. "You're one to talk about harsh! Don't you remember how harsh you were when you so callously threw me out of your life?"

We were back there again. Unfortunately.

It always came back to the root of everything-our demise. "I'm sorry..." I apologized. "There's nothing I can do to change the past. Dwelling on it won't help-weren't you the one to suggest that we stay friends before? Well, here I am, wanting to be one-"

He brushed my words to the side. "There's nothing I want-not a fucking damn thing!"

Opening my mouth, I wanted to say something about how our bond had become stronger in Madrid, but what had come out of his mouth had offended me to no end.

"Please leave."

I was beyond hurt, but I wanted to be strong, braver; to help him battle his own terrors. "No." I stood my ground. His words had cut deep, however I'd take on as much as I could until I could no longer withstand it. I had to keep trying, I supposed.

Toby flashed me an irritated look. "I'm too drunk to have you around."

"I don't mind you drunk." I didn't mind him. Period.

He huffed, looking at me heatedly. "Well, you should."

"Well, I don't." My skin flushed from his thorough perusal. If this was his tactic to scare me off, he should do better.

Our gazes connected like magnets, attracting each other. I felt the power of his pull overpowering my body as he progressed towards me.

"I want to fuck you, Luce. I can still remember how it is to break you open while I slowly sheath my greedy cock with your sweet warmth. You would sob, cry out my name, as I piston in and out of you. All the while looking at you gloriously wild with abandon..." Blatantly, he stared at the slopes of my breasts before taking out his tongue, licking the bottom of his lip as he drugged me with carnal, explicit thoughts. "You gave me the world... for quite some time..."

My chest heaved, nipples aching from the command of his sight, mouth thirsty to taste him... all of him.

"But..." he trailed off, continuing being vicious. "Then we were off to shag different people, right? Did you like the other men enjoying you the way I did? Did they pleasure you just the way you liked it?"

They were thorns not daggers, yet it still penetrated me, piercing small holes into my heart, bleeding me gently. "No. There's no one like you."

He huffed, stepping closer to read my depths, taking me in. Drowning me in his eyes. "I love... the way you lie."

"You're hurting me, Toby. Let me in. Let me stay. I want to help..." Common sense left me as I bared a little of myself again, needing to let him in.

He gave me a sharp look, raising his cocky brow. "You're offering your body to temporarily ease my pain?"

He would never, would he? The old Toby was all heart. I had to call his bluff. "If that's what it takes, then yes."

"Even if I fuck just for my own pleasure?"

Selfish, but I nodded anyway. "Yes."

He gauged me again, as if I had already deceived him once. "Remind me again why you're freely offering your body now when it was just mere weeks ago that you couldn't wait to get rid of me in Rome? Do you know how it felt having you that night, feeling as if we were back to the way we once were and then waking up alone in your bed?"

This man was on a roll. I had to gather my thoughts and ignore my wanton body. "I had to think-away from you. It was too complicated..."

"Maybe if you'd tried a little harder, it wouldn't be as such."

I flinched. He was making me an emotional punching bag, and I was letting it happen. The countless wrongs I had caused him made me glaze over the words that came out of his mouth. Underneath all the hateful words lay the man I loved. I would endure the wrath of his tongue if it would make him feel a little less angry. I would do it all for him.

Calling his bluff, I led the way.

Taking my pants down, I stepped out of them, only wearing my thong and my loosened top. I was about to take off the rest of my clothing when his words halted me once more.

"You like to strip for the guys now? That's something new." There was laughter in his voice, as if he was making fun at my expense.

The blows kept on coming. How far would he go to hurt me? I wondered before he answered it for me.

"What new tricks did you learn from your other lovers, huh? What does that boyfriend of yours like to do to you?" He was almost sneering, as if disgusted at me.

Keep calm, I urged myself. "I'm not seeing him anymore."

He snorted before he stalked behind me, his lips brushing my ear. "How beautiful you look whilst lying, Lucy."

I was in blissful Heaven. In Hell. In pure ecstasy. In the depths of the scorching inferno. A twilight zone of his own making.

"Aren't you going to finishing stripping for me, my dear Lucy?" His brow rose, mocking me.

Slowly, I stripped. All the while he watched me with brooding fascination. When my body was fully exposed, I directed him a serious look. "Where do you want me?"

"Come here, but come to me slowly," he commanded. "Then you may undress me."

I did as he asked, approaching with trepidation as my body hummed with anticipation. When I reached him and started to unbuckle his pants, he made a sharp intake of breath. Carefully, I peeled them away from each leg, leaving him with his boxer briefs on. My gaze caught how hard and erect he was, furthering the fire that was building up inside. Eye to eye, I reached for the ends of his shirt, taking it off his body before dropping it on the floor.

Slipping against his body with my nipples brushing against his chest, I slowly took care of his boxers. I then decided to stay on my knees before looking up to him, telling him with my eyes what I wanted to do next.

Heavy lidded with desire, his throat bobbed as he watched me, anticipating.

I had never done this before. When I wanted to try giving him a blowjob, he would always tell me that I didn't need to please him that way. He kept telling me that my body was enough for him. So this was unknown territory, yet I had never been this confident with something so intimidating.

Gripping the base of his cock, I used my free hand to stroke him slowly. His low, grumbling sounds made me heady as I parted my lips, concentrating on the head of his dick. Gradually opening my mouth to accommodate his size, I started bobbing my head, taking as much as I could, sucking him with everything I had.

When I looked up, I saw him heaving in short breaths "My imagination wouldn't compare when I thought of you milking my cock. God, you look bloody fantastic," he groaned before I felt his hand grip the back of my head, thrusting his cock further in, stroking it a few times before sliding me from it.

"What are you doing?" I rushed out the question when he suddenly picked me up and carried me to the couch. He flipped me on my knees before parting my bottom. I yelped at the harsh way he entered me while he growled my name with deep satisfaction.

He felt perfectly divine as I held onto the couch, him pounding and fucking me like he meant it.

He thought he was taking me for his own satisfaction, but little did he know that I was with him all the way; loving every stroke, the hard pounding thrusts, and the roughness of it all. I treasured every second of it.

Passing out, mind and body fully satiated, beyond elated, I recalled falling into a deep coma with the feel of his chest under my head, listening to his heart steadfastly beat against my ear, satisfied that I somehow had broken a layer of his barrier. It was going to be tough to go through them all, however that didn't deter me.

One thing I had realized in Madrid after seeing him with the baby-I was done pretending that my world didn't exist for him. If his parents had a problem with that then I would endure whatever they have for me. I had done nothing, not a bloody damn thing-but loved their son to the fullest. I would not cower any longer.

My naivety caused one back luck to the next. I was ready to lay it all out there, to fight and save the man I loved from his own destruction, consequences be damned. And he will have doubts, I was sure of it. But I'm prepared to prove him that I could still be worthy of his love.

His touch and his beautiful tortured soul gutted whatever pride I had left. Making me realize that I had never wanted to be apart from him again. I would stay by his side, for as long as my sanity allowed it.

Chapter 24

Lucy

Last night, I remembered half waking up to him taking me a few more times. He had meant what he'd said when he had told me that he was going to take me for his own pleasure.

Physically, I had no complaints. I loved the fiery, passionate way he handled my body, as if it was his pleasure instrument, dedicated to the way he'd envisioned.

What irked me the most was the lack of emotional connection with him. I felt just how he'd said it, that he was fucking me to ease his pain. Apart from the fact that I loved taking and dulling his pain away, even for a short while, I yearned for his kiss. I craved that touch-the kind where it could be harsh and rough, soft and sweet, yet you knew it was done with love. There was nothing of that sort last night.

Even at this moment, when my naked body was pressed against his own, even with his half-mast dick pressed against the crevice of my thighs, he kept his hands to himself. He couldn't be any clearer than that.

In Rome, he had been all over me. After we'd had sex for the third time, he wouldn't let me out of his arms, even if we had both been drenched with sweat and other bodily fluids. He had been un-detachable.

Swallowing the painful rejection and pain, I gradually slid off the sofa, getting up to fetch my clothes on the floor when the sheets shuffled.

"Leaving me already?" he grumbled.

I contained a sigh, masking my hurt with a smile before I faced him. "I need to be somewhere tonight. It's about a quarter past five in the afternoon, and I need to get ready. I'll come straight to you afterwards." Hoping to reassure him, I had failed.

"Don't bother coming back. I don't need you."

The sudden shift of his mood from appearing sleepy to awake and brooding in a manner of seconds made me feel helpless.

"Get some rest. I'll see you tonight," I retorted, ignoring his spiteful words as I slowly opened the door, leaving.

"I don't want you," I heard him say on my way out, thrashing his words at me, aiming where it hurt most. Tears threatened to well in my eyes, but I kept blinking them back. Crying wouldn't solve anything.

Someday, he'd to come back to me, I kept on believing. I had to keep faith. I had to remain strong for the both of us.

+++

I didn't necessarily have to go out, but after the toxic mouth treatment from Toby, I had decided that I needed a change of scene. By doing so, his words wouldn't affect me as much. It would make me endure his sharp tongue and snide remarks much better.

It was Anne's celebration dinner amongst friends and family. She was Troy's sister and I had RSVP'd a month before, confirming the invitation. She and I had become quite friendly when she would come out with us from time to time, partying and dancing. Besides, she was amazing, and I wanted to witness happiness around me, believing that happily-ever-after did happen to those who waited. To those who were patient.

Therefore, I celebrated with Troy, chatting and enjoying everyone's conversations, sipping on wine and dining, half thinking about the passing time.

When it was time to leave their party, it wasn't until half past midnight when I arrived at Toby's place. I wasn't sure how he would react to me this time since I had told him that I would be coming back. Then again, he had said that he didn't want me back. Here was hoping my luck would be much better tonight.

I had barely shut the door while I slid the key into my small, clutch purse and was about to stride towards the hall when I was greeted by his presence, staring broodingly at me.

Clearing my throat, I forced myself to speak. "Hello," I squeaked. "I'm back."

His eyes scathingly went over my body, roaming with disapproval. "You went out looking like that? Since when did you start dressing like a whore?" Sneering his words, he was ruthless and unkind. "Who did you dress for? Troy? I bet he was there, wasn't he?"

I dressed for you... I had wanted him to see me and devour me on the spot. I hadn't expected him to be in such a foul mood already. Was he always going to be this way? Why did he hate me so much?

I licked my lips, fiercely blinking back the tears that were about to form in my eyes.

"You haven't answered me, Lucy." In a flash, he was right in my face, circling me like a predator. "Was he there or not?"

Silence was golden they said...

"Cat got your tongue?"

Maybe pushing him so much wasn't a good idea. Maybe I'd had too much alcohol to tolerate his mean attitude because, whatever shield I'd had on yesterday, simply wasn't working right this second.

"I'll-" I gasped out, meeting his eyes. He didn't look inviting. After the long talk I'd had with Troy about my troubles, I was too exhausted-too everything-to deal with this. "You know what? I just realized that I'm knackered. I'll probably just go home and sleep."

Spinning around to leave, I immediately felt both his arms around my body, locking me in place. "Don't. Move. A. Muscle."

I didn't. His voice simply chilled me. It was as if this man wasn't Toby because this person before me enjoyed causing me pain.

"I told you not to come back here, but you didn't listen. So you'll wait until I give you clearance to leave." He circled me once, stopping in my line of sight, asking, "What will it take for you to go? Let's forget about the farcical talks of friendships-never happening."

Toby... was gone. There was no denying it. It had been a little over a week ago when the man had been weeping in my arms, holding onto me. He now was dead.

He'd died along with them.

His family...

"If I have women here, will that make you uncomfortable? If I fucked them before you, would it bother you at all?"

It would kill me inside. "Is that what you want? To have sex with other women?" It hurt to ask, but I had to.

"I can do whatever I want," he said, challenging me to fight back, yet the last thing I wanted was to fight, let alone banter for his own satisfaction.

"I could always come back when you're all alone again." Or maybe I just wouldn't since I meant nothing to this stranger.

He barked out a cruel laugh, shaking his head in disbelief. "You didn't before because I had Amelia... Now that she's dead, you're fine with fucking me again. That's sensible."

"She was your wife," I whispered, hating the word wife on my lips.

Ruthless he surely was as he gave me a death stare. "That day of the wedding-you showing up and leaving ten minutes after you arrived-what the hell were you doing there?"

I had been there to stop him-to beg-but we had been surrounded by people and I hadn't wanted to risk embarrassment in case he'd declined me. Besides, he had gotten Amelia pregnant and agreed to be engaged and marry almost immediately. What had I had to compete with Amelia? Nothing...

"I didn't feel well that day. I was sick." And I had been sick for a long period of time, puking my guts out even when there had been nothing left to come out. Troy had become so worried that he'd actually taken me to the hospital when blood started to show along with my saliva. Yes, I had been suffering more than anyone would ever know.

His questioning wasn't done. "Blake and Sienna's engagement-do you recall anything about that night?"

I remember everything that has you in it. Every. Single. Memory. "Barely," I lied through my teeth, not feeling well.

He moved closer, fingers lifting my chin to meet his eyes. "You've successfully ejected me from your life. Consistently rejecting me whenever you could. And you're planning on leaving the second you think I'm all better?"

No. "Yes-"

His fingers immediately withdrew from my face, as if it burnt him. "Well, I'm all better now."

Why did he keep fighting me? Why couldn't he for once be less defensive? Hadn't he had enough?

"Toby, please, you were okay having me around when I was in Madrid. Stop-"

Fury was back. Full throttle. "It was a weakened moment. My wife had just died and our baby was dying, what did you expect?"

His wife...

He'd never referenced her in that way before-not to me anyway. She had simply been Amelia, the woman he'd felt compelled to marry. Then again, he probably had felt something for her. He had dated her for quite some time, had sex with her, shared a home with her. They even made a baby...

I summoned enough strength to ask him one last question. "Did you... realize that she meant so much more after she passed? Is that why you're so angry?" It would make a lot of sense.

Breaking eye contact, his fierce gaze left a vicious curl in my stomach, as if I knew what he was going to say before his lips parted to speak.

"Yes, I did. Now I just have to live with my regrets."

He'd loved her, of course he had. I desperately wanted to ask if he felt anything for me, however I was too much of a coward to hear him say that he didn't any longer. The happiness I had found with him, the memories that had brought me so much in life, felt like they needed some protection from him. I just wanted to preserve it and not taint it with memories of him and his wife.

"Am I permitted to leave?" I managed to ask, gripping my purse tightly.

"Why? Can't wait a minute longer to have him fuck you senseless?"

Was he not exhausted?

I was holding down my scream, so when I saw him about to fire more words at me, I simply did just that. "Stop-stop! This is madness. Let's not ruin whatever's left between us!"

"Nothing is left. Where the fuck have you been, Lucy?" Vile words. Pure, utter garbage.

"Nothing? You feel nothing for me?" I felt crippled, as if he'd stolen everything from me. And maybe he just had.

"Are you asking me if I still love you?"

I pathetically nodded, still desperate for crumbs... something... "Yes. I am asking just that."

"Do I look like a man in love with you, Lucy?"

"No... you do not," I said it in a hushed whisper, barely standing on my shaky legs, crushed and completely destroyed.

"Well, there you have it."

I felt faint. My body started to panic, going through such raw emotions, one hurt after the other, exhausting itself. It, too, has given up on me, I thought darkly, feeling like a joke.

"Do you mind if I take that bed upstairs? I'll leave first thing in the morning if that helps you decide to let me stay for a few hours." I needed shelter, away from him, from everyone.

He made a curt nod before I excused myself to seek the room. I immediately found one the moment I stepped on the landing, gunning towards it, as if I would die immediately if I didn't get inside.

I was a strong woman and I wasn't going to let him see me cry. Locking the door behind me, I was immediately blinded by darkness. With no idea where the light switch was located, I waited until my watery sight could see enough until I chose a spot to call my own.

I remained sitting on the carpeted floor with my chin on my knees, wrapped around my arms, leaning against the foot of the bed. It was only then I set it free. The hurtful words. The pain it had cost me when I'd heard him confirm that he'd loved her all along. Most of all, I cried for losing him again.

"Sorry fellas, but I'm peckish," Toby declared, grumbling.

Smiling at him, I asked, "What do you fancy? We could grab something on the way home." I kissed his cheek and rested my head against his shoulder, overwhelmed with such intense love for him.

"Spaghetti," he said with a smile. We were all relieved that Chad was getting better and seeing Toby look so happy had brought bliss and contentment into my life.

Gazing at him with my heart, I granted his wish. "Then spaghetti it is."

He then nuzzled my neck before leaving a kiss on my forehead, breathing me in. "I love you."

"I love you." For always. Forever.

There was a faint knock on the door, bringing me back out of my bittersweet memory of him. Those had been the good days. It hurt to mourn the man that he used to be. If I could trade a decade of my life for a minute with the old him, I gladly would until I ran out of life.

"Lucy!" The knob wiggled before he knocked again. "Open the door."

No. I couldn't.

"Please-" His voice softened, reminding me of how he had been when back when he was sweet and kind. "I just-I was hoping we could talk..."

Crawling on my knees, I went towards the door, softly leaning against it, closing my eyes. "I'm tired, Toby. I need to rest."

"Open up."

Tears streamed down my face as I shook my head. "No. I think we've done enough." There was nothing left. He was right.

"Luce, I'm sorry."

I smiled bitterly. Sadly. I understood it all because I loved him. "Me, too," I whispered in vain.

"What happens now, Lucy?" He sounded broken, as if he was hurting.

We had nothing in common. Nothing to give to each other. So what else was there?

"We forget about each other." I could at least attempt to make that happen. The chances were nil, but I was going to try.

"Luce?"

Wiping my tears away, I slowly got up and laid on the bed, curling up in a fetal position.

"Lucy?" he asked again through the door, however I held my tongue from responding.

Racking with soft sobs, I freely let go of my tears while he kept saying my name, asking for me.

How could he after how he'd treated me downstairs? Even in my worst time, given that it hadn't been as bad as his, I had never acted nor treated him so abysmally. I felt degraded, unworthy of anything.

Toby tried to talk to me for another hour before I finally heard his defeated footsteps descending down the stairs.

I waited until I could see the first break of dawn before I softly started coming out of the room. Cautiously treading with on my toes, I was almost at the stairs when a linen closet piqued my interest. Stopping before it, I noticed piled boxes haphazardly stacked, some opened and still packaged.

The back of a frame stood out, so I pulled it out, finding something unexpected.

Wedding photos. A collage of the wedding.

A memento that had forever captured their wedding kiss. Exchanging rings, Amelia in her wedding dress as she walked down the aisle...

This was a sign. A gargantuan sign that I should pay heed to.

What use were my good memories with him when he had successfully made his very own with someone else? He'd replaced me and followed through with what we had planned together with Amelia, instead.

They did say that a man hurt was a man in love. Alas, he was hurting plenty.

As quietly as I could, I walked out of his house. Praying that one day I could breathe again.

Chapter 25

Lucy

The next day, Toby tried to call. He even attempted to see me, knocking against my door. I had forgotten that he had keys to my place; I was just fortunate enough that I had absentmindedly put the top latch on. Hearing him reaching out to me tore me apart, but I simply couldn't face him. I was weakened and had no strength in me to deal with him.

He tried doing this for a week straight. Every night, eight in the evening, he would knock, trying for about thirty minutes before finally relenting that I was never going to open the door.

The week after was my finals, ignoring and declining invitations from my friends had become a constant thing. It wasn't mainly about them, and I thought that they somehow knew that. Chances of seeing Toby amongst our peers was high, even if I asked them to guarantee that he wouldn't be there, he would eventually appear anyway.

Maybe in the next few weeks, when my cuts weren't too deep-when the wound wasn't as raw-then I could brave it out and face him without breaking down. I knew myself; risking seeing him in this state of mind wouldn't do me any good. So I secluded myself, mending my own hurt.

Finals came. When I got back home that night after an entire day of rigorous testing, I found a vase filled with an elaborate flower setting. I knew who it had come from, and yet, I couldn't stop myself from taking the card out and reading what he had written on it.

My poison, you sought

My hurt, you unraveled

My darkness, you welcomed

My acerbic words, you suffered

My imperfection tainted your beauty,

Yet you saw the beauty amidst it all,

Marring yourself with it selflessly, even to an unkind beast.

Without you, I saw the irrevocable damage I caused.

Yet I wanted to seek shelter,

I simply couldn't do without.

I am a blind man.

Waiting.

Waiting in vain.

If forever is never.

Then never shall be my forever.

Wallowing for my warped fallen love, I kept the note, slipping it in my purse. I left the untouched, stunning arrangement on the floor as I decided to turn around and walk out of the building.

After everything, I absolutely needed a break from it all.

+++

"Did you get your grades yet? When can we celebrate you graduating? I want to host a party to invite whoever you want. Would that be ideal?" Sienna's enthusiasm brought a smile to my face.

Sometimes, I wondered how such a tortured soul, beaten relentlessly at a young age, could turn out to be someone so strong, so admirable. Had it been me, I would've probably turned into a killer, a druggie-something less pragmatic than Sienna.

With luck, I had been christened with a loving family, including my two sisters. I didn't talk to them too much these days since both lived out of the country, but when we did see each other, it was as if the absence had never been there.

Our parents were the soppy kind. They had met at sixteen at some bowling alley, and they hadn't parted since. Both struggled with getting by, stricken with poverty from both sides, yet with my father's ingenious ideas and skill and my mother's brilliant knack at coordinating and organizing, they had combined their ideas and come out with an online party supplies company. It was a niche market, but a decade ago, there had been a massive demand for it. The timing had been perfect. Our once pallid surroundings became a six-bedroom, beautiful, English countryside estate. Even with money and lavish surroundings, we were fortunate enough that none of us had changed.

"You there?"

Yeah, my mind had drifted off yet again, a common occurrence in my life these days. Where were we? Dinner. Party. Right.

"I'm in Kent, spending quality time with my family. Dinner won't be possible at the moment."

Sienna went silent for a minute before asking, "Luce, are you purposely avoiding me? Did I do something wrong?"

I felt like a bloody heel. "Goodness, no. I'm just busy at the moment. There's so much to think about-my future and where I want to go from here," I said, sounding reasonable. "I'm actually even considering going out of the country for a year, maybe work and travel at the same time." Again, I hadn't thought a thing, not even close to these things, yet the lies were limitless. They kept pouring out of my lips.

"What? You're leaving me, too?" she sounded frantic. "Why don't we do something together? I'm sure we could figure something out. I don't want to sound like a whiny brat, but with Chad gone most of the time, Toby busy with his new business, and with Blake travelling so much, I have no family left here. You guys are all I have."

Business with Sienna, I surely hadn't thought of that. "We'll see. We can talk about that soon."

"Great! So I can't even drop by to say hello before you graduate?"

My graduation was in a month's time and I had no qualms not attending the blasted ceremony. "I'll text you."

She sighed. "Okay. Well, take care. Love you, Luce."

"Love you, too, Si."

Ending the call, I decided to put a bikini on. A few laps in our indoor pool should help me relax.

After all, the spew of lies I had just told had given me a few ideas. The future didn't look so gloomy anymore. Maybe leaving England would be the answer I had been waiting for.

Chapter 26

Lucy

Sienna had tried to see me for the past four weeks, yet every time she'd attempted it, I had always had an excuse for her not to go through with it.

At one point, I had decided to truly speak my mind and told her the truth. I was so thankful that she'd understood me, telling me that each person grieved differently and it just so happened that mine entailed hiding from everyone. She had even said that the day I decided to start mingling with the masses, she'd throw a 'welcome back' party. She was being silly, and I loved her to bits for it.

I filled my days with swimming once in the morning and once in the evening. The in between consisted of naps and reading mystery and suspense novels. I admitted that there were instances that I had almost bought a romance book, but thank goodness I had deterred myself from it. The last thing I needed was to dwell on the pain that I had a difficult time quelling.

About noontime, I decided to have a quick shower before delving into the world of Grisham's brilliant mind. My spirits were high as I hummed along with Adele's "Set Fire To The Rain" that I had on repeat at the dock located in my bedroom. Coming out of the shower and wiping my body with a plush towel, opting not to blow dry my wet hair. I instead reached for a small towel, loosely squeezing the wetness from my hair as I came out of the bathroom, needing to fetch my lotion. I stopped dead in my tracks. My body went rigid. Hot but rigid.

"Your mom said it was fine to come upstairs-she thought you were sleeping," he said, rushing out the words, almost out of breath, while his eyes gloriously roved about, lingering explicitly on my naked body.

Fuck.

Oh. My. Fuckity fuck.

Snapping out of my shock, I immediately held onto the towel tighter, consciously pressing it against my breasts at the same time I realized that it barely covered my cleft.

Blushing from head to foot, I started to function. "Uh-excuse me," I muttered, spinning around before going back inside the bathroom, closing the door behind me then leaning against it, my heart pounding rapidly against my chest.

His unexpected surprise had left me in a state of absolute stupefaction, yet it had been so long since I had felt this... exhilarated. Alive.

Pressing my palm over the beating of my heart, I closed my eyes, telling myself not to get carried away about by this visit. It was plausible, wasn't it? Of course I could do that. Sure, the wounds remained open, but I didn't feel as fragile as before. I could even go as far as striding back into the room and pretending to be the bitchy, old me. It shouldn't be that difficult.

With my strategy decided, I plucked the pastel, yellow silk robe that hung on the door, nervously putting it on and wrapping the belt as tightly as I could. Huffing out a brave breath, I forced myself not to bother looking into the mirror in case I became a conscious fool before finally striding out of the loo with a small bit of bravado.

"Sorry, I had to put something on."

"It's perfectly fine. You were..." he paused, "naked."

Well, there went my composure, I thought starkly.

Purposely making him comfortable, I didn't comment on it. "What brings you to Kent?" Did he have business around here?

"You weren't able to attend your graduation." He strolled forward, an arm's reach from me, handing me a square, velvet creme box. "This was my present for you." His eyes caressed my face as I took the present into my hand. "I've had it in the car all this time, and after the lunch meeting I had, it spontaneously occurred to me that I could very well drop it off..."

I nodded, disconcertedly staring back at him. "Thank you, but you shouldn't have."

He shrugged before his face contorted. "It's nothing really. After how despicable I was to you that night-"

"Don't." I didn't want to recall the events of those two nights. "Let's not talk about any of that."

His eyes pleaded. "Wouldn't it be better if we-"

"No," I interjected before shakily whispering, "Let's not."

His eyes wanted to probe further, but I was grateful he didn't pursue the subject further.

"All right," he murmured. "When do you plan to come back? I can come pick you up any time you like. In fact, if you can come along with me today..." He was babbling as I stared at him like he had lost his mind.

"I'm fine, Toby. Truly."

"You look it..." He suddenly looked intense. Appreciative. "You look more than fine. You've never looked so beautiful in my eyes."

I had to look away, hurt by his words. "Thank you for the gift, but you must leave." At once.

In a flash, I felt him come to me, cupping my cheek before pressing his lips on the side of my head. "I've missed you so much..." he gutted out. "Come back to me."

Why did he have to come and thrash whatever fortress I had built around myself? I was in a moment of confusion once more, not sure how to respond to him.

"Toby..."

"I promise you, I won't be horrid. I won't hurt you anymore. This time, you'll come first before anyone else. It'll be different this time."

God, I was tempted, but I had so much doubt...

"Demand anything, and I'll give it you. Anything at all, just as long as you become mine again."

In a heartbeat, I would go wherever he asked of me, but I needed him to tell me the words. The ones I had desperately needed to hear from him that night-that he still loved me-but he never had uttered.

"Lucy..." he drawled with his hot breath brushing across my ear, on my neck. "I want you." His lips stroked the tip of my ear, sending delicious waves of shivers, waking the hidden hunger that he alone could command. His thumb easily slid inside the V of my robe, brushing, teasing a nipple, while he softly spoke into my ear. "I can't stop thinking about you. I ache every day not having you in my arms."

My treacherous body weakened at his expertise. "It's not... g-d," I stuttered before moaning out loud when he pinched my nipple, circling it with the pad of his thumb then tugging it enough to evoke pain and pleasure. With the use of his other hand, I felt him unknot the robe, letting it fall to the floor.

"I'm desperate for you," he kept on whispering into my sensitive ear while my body was distracted. One hand on my breast and the other, skirting below, heading straight to my core. "I reach out for you at night... I need you." His thigh parted my weakened legs, growling in my ear when his middle finger found my slit, which was throbbing with an overabundance of slick wetness.

"Hell-" he grunted out, as he fumbled with his pants. He lifted my leg to hook around his hip before pressing the tip of his cock against the opening of my slit. He then cupped my face with both hands, making me look into his eyes. He stared straight into my heart before his hips started to move, thrusting softly through my folds. "Tell me you don't want this."

I started to pant, drowsy from the exquisite feel of his shaft, rubbing and grinding on my clit. His cock was hard, thick, as it teased my opening, gliding across it like a rhythmic teasing for something even more blissful.

A soft sob escaped from my lips as our gazes interlocked.

"It aches to be inside you, Luce." He wanted me, and yet, he was demanding more than my body.

He drove me wild, wanton with need, and I completely unfolded, begging, "Fuck me. Please?"

"Promise to be with me?" He waited for me to answer, eyes demanding while I was delirious for him.

"I'm frightened."

Hurt spread across his face, but it only drove him more to pursue me. "I won't hurt you, I promise." He took my hand and planted a kiss inside my palm before placing it against the beat of his heart. "I'm yours, Lucy."

This should be enough. Maybe it was. Maybe this was the closest thing I would come to what I used to have with him. And it should suffice. "I'll be yours for as long as you're mine."

I didn't know what the future held for us. There were still a lot of questions that riddled my mind, however there was one thing I did know, and that was my love for him. The once simple, uncomplicated love had evolved into something more, much more compared to a year ago. Six months ago. Last week. Yesterday. It kept on growing abundantly. And I would continue loving him, knowing that I would always pine for him, his heart, to love me the way I loved him.

I had accepted that.

That's why God invented dreams, so I could have him whenever I closed my eyes.

Chapter 27

Lucy

Being back with him in London was the best I could hope for. The first night, we barely had the chance to talk much since we both ended up indulging our carnal appetites. The second day was the same, and I was relieved that he opened a little about Amelia and the baby. He rehashed that last night with her and told me about their conversations. He even went on to say that he was hopeful after the ultrasound appointment. He told me a ton-and yet only brushing on the subjects that mattered most to me. But I didn't want to push it since we barely just restarted again. Besides, I didn't want to lay everything out there when I wasn't fully sure where I stood with him. True he admitted that he wanted me to be happy. Said that he couldn't get enough of me, missed me tremendously-yet none of them indicated any words of love...from a man deeply in love. They were words from a man who had a satisfying sex life...words from a lover. But still, I was optimistic, knowing that this was a great start for us.

We had been happy for three days straight until he brought up a subject he kept pressing on me.

"Why won't you move in with me? This house has four bedrooms. If you truly despise sharing a room with me, then you're more than welcome to have one of the three. You can do whatever you like-redecorate this entire place and make it into your own-I don't care. I just have to sleep right next to you. Is that so much to ask?"

If I gave up my place, I would have no place to hide. No place to call my own. If the time came that he and I would part again, I wouldn't have anywhere to go other than my parents' house.

"I'll move some of my things if that makes you happy, but I don't think I can sell the flat, Toby."

"Why not? You can use that money for something else-invest it in a business. You don't need to two homes. You can have this one with me."

Why couldn't he just drop it?

"That place is my home," I emphasized. "Besides, I might need it for later use."

"I see." He studied me a moment, pensive. When he did speak, I was caught off guard. "Okay. I won't bring it up anymore. It's about making you happy, isn't it? Then I won't push the subject any longer."

I supposed this was part of his change? I liked that. "Thank you."

He nodded, barely meeting me in the eye. "I'm going to make something for dinner. Anything you fancy in particular?"

"No, not really."

He stepped closer before leaving a kiss on my forehead. "Okay, I'll think of something."

There was sadness in his eyes that wasn't there before we started discussing about my flat. Despite that, I knew if I let things go his way, I wouldn't have any power over this relationship. And for sanity's sake, I needed some control.

It had only been three days and I already saw the major changes in him. He was almost like the old Toby-almost. I still remembered the horrible side of him. It was awful, but I'd been waiting for it to resurface.

Thirty minutes later, I went downstairs to join him in the kitchen. "Do you need help?"

"I've got it under control. Why don't you take care of the wine?" he suggested with a strange look about him.

Taking the glasses out before choosing a red, I directed him a glance. "Chad called. He's arriving this weekend and wants us all to be there at Blake's house. Luke and the baby will be there, too."

"Okay."

I carefully placed the wine on the table, pausing. "You sure that'll be okay?" I was afraid that it would be too much for him. After he'd lost his child, I wasn't sure how he felt about children as a whole.

He directed me an odd look. "Why wouldn't I be?"

"If you say so," I murmured, pouring the contents in my glass before taking a quick sip of the crimson liquid.

"Should we tell them about us?" I wondered out loud.

He took a cloth to wipe his hands together before turning the fire off the stovetop. "Do you want to?"

"Should we?" I wasn't sure why I was hesitating. For some reason, I wasn't sure what to do.

He strode over, hands in his pocket as he half sat on the table, facing me. "If it were up to me, I wouldn't even have to question it."

This showed how much I trusted him, and how strong we were as a couple. Even though I didn't want to hurt his feelings, I felt the need to be forthcoming with my thoughts. Our friends saw everything unfold between us-they saw it all-the ugliness and the sadness. And as much as I adored them and wanted to share this new development with them all, I felt that I needed to be sure first, that this was going to be a permanent thing and not a momentary fleeting reconciliation, before announcing to my friends and family that I was back with him.

"Would it insult you if I asked you to keep it between us for a little while?"

"Whatever makes you happy."

We had come to this. It was sad and disheartening to see us here. "I just want you to understand..."

He pulled me into his arms, slipping me in between his legs, before looking at me with such tenderness it almost broke my heart. "You don't have to explain anything. It's fine. As long as I have you, I'll be okay."

I hated how much we were trying to work hard on getting back what we'd had.

"Toby, what if this doesn't work? What if we're just deluding ourselves here? I love-I love being with you again, but maybe we made a mistake? Wouldn't we be better off with other people? You can be with a woman who would be readily there for you and I could be with a man-" I had to stop myself before I went overboard and said more than I intended.

"You could go ahead and be with a man-then what, Lucy?"

A man that loved me. A man that hadn't been married and would only call me his wife. A man I could share a family with... a child. Toby wasn't that man. I knew he wasn't, and I would not force him to be one because he wanted me happy.

"It's nothing. I'm sure it'll pass," I bluffed, but his hold around my body only tightened, not letting go.

"You want to be with someone else?" he questioned, probing into my eyes. When I didn't respond, he went on, "Is it Troy? Do you want to be with him again?"

"I dated him." My heart was filled with bad things; it was time I unloaded a little of the lies I had deceptively let him believe. "Nothing came out of it except for friendship. And he's a great friend that I can always count on. I haven't dated since then... nor did I sleep with anyone since you..."

"Since Rome?"

I shook my head, smiling sadly. "Since we broke up. I tried. I even went to go as far as wanting to seduce Clive Barrington-"

He was ready to combust. "Tell me he didn't touch a single-"

Licking my lips, my eyes met his stormy ones. "He didn't. He gently declined my advances, but... that was after I kissed him."

"You kissed Clive?" he screeched, letting go of me as he paced around the kitchen before he stopped, looking beyond hurt. "It feels like you told me you kissed Blake. What if I told you I made out with Sienna? You just don't come after my friends, Lucy-that's just wrong."

"This was after I found out you got her pregnant. I was hurting so much that night and wanted to drown in alcohol. Clive just happened to be there. If he wasn't there, I'm sure I would've found someone else to have sex with." Remembering it brought a dull ache inside my chest. "I couldn't even bring myself to think of letting a guy touch me. How did you think I felt when I knew you were screwing women day in and day out? And when the news of you expecting your first child..."

His face fell, gripping the side of his head. "You left me, Lucy. How was I supposed to know any of this?"

I wasn't sure. "I was naive to think that our love was different, that it was special enough-even though we were apart. I expected you to fix your family problems and come back to me when everything was fine again. That's why I had waited... because I wasn't sure how long it would take you to accomplish that. I waited... I waited for you."

"Luce, I don't know what to say-"

I shook my head, grabbing hold of my wine. "Don't say anything. It's the past, isn't it?"

In one go, I emptied the contents. "Should we start dinner?"

Perplexed and apoplectic, he opened his mouth for a minute. "You want dinner?"

No, I wanted a do-over.

"I never thought I'd say this, but if you want to be free, I would step back. Though reluctantly, I would. As I said before, I just want you to be happy."

Everything around me disappeared as I met his gaze. "What do you mean?" eerily, I whispered.

"Just keep that in mind, if that day ever comes..."

I was at a loss. "And you're fine with this?"

"I know how it feels to live with regrets. Hoping you can take back time and wishing things were done differently. I don't want that to happen to you."

He was referencing them, wasn't he? He had said I would come first, and he'd meant that. It was sad to realize where I truly stood with him.

"Thank you. I'm sure this will come in handy very soon." My sarcasm couldn't be hidden, yet he didn't even try to argue with it.

I gave him a quick glance before leaving him in the kitchen, heading upstairs. Once in the bedroom, I went straight to the closet, picking out the first black dress I saw, placing it on the chaise lounge before I started to undress myself. I was calm, composed, however I was going bat-shit crazy inside.

Naked, I carefully chose my underwear, matching it with the black lace garter belt, before slipping on pointy-toe pump shoes. Eyeing myself sideways, I was glad to see my swimming had made a difference to my body. My curves looked more defined and my breasts seemed bigger, perkier than before. Now, off to browsing for a bra to match.

I had barely plucked the see-through mesh when I saw his figure, watching me. Expressionless.

"Heading somewhere?"

"Yup."

He stepped into the closet, picking up the dress with curiosity, shifting it from side to side. "Mind telling me where?"

"Dancing."

"You're going to dance with a garter belt on?"

Ha. "Sure."

"If you're angry, I'm here. You can talk to me. You don't have to go out dressed like-Luce, don't do this."

I spun around to face him, catching his blatant gaze at my breasts. "You want another man to touch these, don't you?" I asked him.

"Fuck no-"

"Memorize me-my body-and imagine me writhing underneath someone else, enjoying everything he's doing to me while I slowly forget how it feels to have you inside me."

His nose flared, fury roaring in waves so strong I could feel it seeping out of his pores.

"That's what you want, right? Good. I don't want to have regrets, either." I reached out to get my dress from his hand, but he moved it away. "Give me that."

"You love driving me crazy, don't you?" he growled, throwing the dress to the other side of the closet. Just when I was about to run to get it off the floor, I was pushed back against the full length mirror before he angrily parted my legs and hooked his fingers on the crotch of my thong then ripped it in two.

I barely had the time to blink before I felt his cock impaling me, seating himself all the way in. I could practically feel him all the way in my stomach.

"Memorize this cock, my dear Lucy." He fucked me against the mirror while I hung on to him, opening my body to welcome more of his lashing. "Memorize it well. Because, once you leave, you will always come back begging for it. No man will compare."

God, my pussy started to contract. I shouldn't be turned on, but his dominating side had gotten me beyond wet and horny.

"You didn't let anyone fuck this glorious cunt and you never will." His hands gripped my breasts as he fucked me harder. "This. Is. My. Cunt, Lucy. It's always been fucking mine."

"No. I will prove you wrong," I stuttered, hating and loving him at the same time.

He immediately stopped, looking at me like a wild animal being provoked and ready to attack. "Liar. You won't even have the guts to do it."

"We shall see."

His hand gripped my chin while I felt him pulse inside me, barely containing his rage. "Stop. Lying."

I wasn't sure where this was heading, however his anger and jealousy had brought something out of me. "How can you tell I'm lying?" I taunted him.

"I just know."

Arrogant ass.

Searching his eyes, I felt his cock push further, slowly stroking and teasing the fire within me.

"I love you." The words had escaped my lips before I could stop them.

"Lucy!" he warned, picking up the tempo, feeling like the mirror was about to crack from the force of his pounding.

"Oh, baby. I'm close," I whispered against his lips, kissing him with everything I had as he drove me into ecstasy, finally laying it all on the line.

Then, I screamed it again, telling him how I truly felt.

Chapter 28

Lucy

We were just coming off the high of our mating. He was still lodged inside me, looking at me with confusion.

I loved him, yet he didn't believe it. His eyes told me so. I didn't want to say it again to make him believe me.

"Can you take yourself off me? I need to clean up."

He groaned as he started licking and nipping my neck. "I will. Just give me a moment to enjoy this a little bit longer."

His lips then sought mine, kissing me thoroughly, senselessly. It wasn't long before I started gyrating my hips, feeling him harden to full length.

"Keep fucking my cock, baby."

My lips parted when I slid him deeper into me. As I threw my head back, one of his hands cupped my breast while the other reached to touch my clit, rubbing it earnestly as I fucked him good. Hard and fast.

It wasn't long until I came, twice, before it was his turn, unloading his seed into my womb.

Our lips connected, panting and out of breath. Cupping my cheek, he kissed my lips, my nose, then my lips again. "Don't ever ask me to let you go because I would, even if it would cost me everything."

I doubted I could ever walk away, but I kept that fact to myself. My thoughts were all over the place. If I could only get over what had happened in the past-his marriage, Amelia-it would make my life my much easier.

"Do you want me to run us a bath? You could lean against me while I give you a massage." He was grinning, stroking my cheek as if he truly cherished me.

"Can I do a rain check? I have to get back home." I hadn't been to my flat since I had come back from Kent. I'd been living here this whole time.

He looked taken aback. "You're not staying the night?"

"No. I was thinking of packing some items to bring here and coming back tomorrow morning. I hope that's okay?" Why was he reacting this way? It wasn't as if I was actually going partying after this. Besides, I was aware I'd been doing it just to taunt him. He was right; I would never have the guts to do it because I was his, and I simply loved him too much.

"Oh..." His face softened before touching his lips against mine, brushing them lightly before whispering into my ear, "We can go together and sleep the night in your flat if you like."

When he became this amorous towards me, I melted like a sappy idiot.

"I'm not going out..." My nose angled to the base of his neck, breathing him in, wanting to prolong this feeling-this overabundance of love that freely flowed through me.

His arm tightened around me, like he was just as spellbound as I was. "I know."

Maybe one day, when things settled down, given time, he could start loving me again...

"Toby?"

"Hmm?"

"I wasn't planning to really walk out that door to go out-" I paused, adding, "I mean, I would if I had sought you and you hadn't cared less..."

He pulled back to study my face. "You're not like the others out there. You're sentimental," he touched my heart, "in here." Blue eyes searched mine, telling me something I couldn't decipher. "You're one of the good girls, Luce."

Was that a bad thing? They did say good girls got walked on... Amelia clearly wasn't the type, so what had attracted him to her? She was beautiful, and of course, she had said that time during Christmas that they'd had amazing sex...

His dick was inside me still and he was getting hard again. This cock had been in someone else's vagina, pleasuring her body like it did with mine...

I knew what he'd done, but if I broke it down like that, the pain only intensified.

"Did I say something awful? You seem to be in pain..." he asked, worried as he lifted my chin, searching for some indication.

I was in pain, but my wounds weren't visible-the kind that didn't heal, the kind that never stopped bleeding, the kind that killed you yet you remained alive. It was that kind of pain.

Staring into the eyes of the man I had given my heart to, I couldn't help asking the question that nagged in the back of my mind. "How was sex with her? Was it better than this?"

"This is such an inconvenient time to ask such questions-I'm stuck inside you, incase that left your notice."

"Just answer the question."

"It's different."

Why was he stalling? He knew what I wanted to know.

"Define different for me."

He groaned, hating every second of this interrogation. "She was experienced in different styles," he said wretchedly. "I don't know... it's just different."

If Amelia had managed to keep Blake Knightly entertained for months, then she probably was a dynamite in bed.

"And that excited you, didn't it?" Like giving a kid chocolate for the first time.

He suddenly looked nervous before finally obliging me, "I suppose, in the beginning."

So much for pining for our broken relationship; he'd fucked himself through it all.

"Did you use condoms at least?"

My question was intrusive, but had it been me in the situation, I knew he'd be worse than me. Blake was meticulous about protection until Sienna-so for Toby to go with or without it with Amelia-it would give me a better scope of how deep his connection was with her.

"Lucy-" he warned, turning a bit red.

"Did you? Or did you not?" It was plain and simple.

"No, she was on the pill," he huffed out, irritated at my nagging. "No more questions; I'm done answering."

I had one more then I would be through with this. "I just need to know one more thing..."

Shutting his lids, nostrils flaring, chest heaving, he said, "Go on, ask me."

"Courchevel. Christmas. Did you fuck her there, too?"

His eyes immediately snapped open. "Let me explain-"

"There's no need. I just want to know the outcome. You did, didn't you? While I was only a few doors down from your bedroom..." I was digging my grave and I knew it, but this detail was important for me. It was vital.

"Yes... I did, and I'm sorry for that."

I nodded, feeling sick to my stomach. I had waited every night for him to seek me out, but he had never come. That was the first time I had seen him after we'd broken up, and I had seen him with a new woman at his side. That was when he'd really broken my heart, and it had never the same since.

"I need to go to the bathroom-" The acid churned in my stomach. It agonizingly simmered, mixing along with my pain, boiling until it was ready to erupt.

"Now?" He panicked as he pulled off me before cradling my body towards the bathroom. "Tell me what to do-" he said frantically while I shook my head, covering my mouth with my hand.

Hovering around the toilet area, I managed to hold down the vile that was threatening to come out. "Close the door. I need to be alone."

He did as I asked. At the sound of the door latch locking in place, all the sickening, evil retched out of my stomach. Everything came out-the past, the present and the future-until I was left with nothing, like an empty carapace.

You'll always be this way if you stay with him, my heart whispered like a warning.

I wished I knew what to do. In a sense, I knew what the right thing to do was, but my main problem was how to go about it without hurting myself more. I knew what it felt like not having him in my life. True, I had been living, but that was all it had been, living and breathing. With him came the pain and heartache, yet I had never felt more alive, and at times, when I let it, we were happy.

The knock on the door made me flush the toilet before reaching out for a face towel. I was on my feet when the door pushed open and then remained hovering around the entrance, looking as bad as I did.

"Is there anything I can do to help you?" he asked in a hollow voice.

I shook my head, reaching for the faucet to wash my face. "I'll be fine."

Once I finished, I felt him move to the side, giving me space without saying anything.

Dizzy from exhaustion, I strode straight to the bedroom and slid into bed, curling like a ball as I closed my eyes, hoping I'd wake up tomorrow and the sorrow in my heart would no longer exist.

The bed dipped before I felt his warm body next to mine, pulling me against his chest, hugging me from behind. His warmth brought comfort, making me feel secure and safe. At that moment, I desperately needed to know that he would be there for me, and I was glad that he was.

"There are not enough words to tell you how sorry I am. I wish there was something I could do to make everything go back to the way we were. I hurt when you hurt," he said succinctly. "I hope this doesn't make you leave me again. Give me time to make this right; I won't stop until we're back to how we once were. Don't give me up just yet, I beg you."

"Just hold me," I whispered. "Please."

All night he held me. Not once letting me go. I took that as I sign. That maybe we just needed time to heal together.

+++

The next day, Toby decided to take a day off from work and go with me to my flat in Covent Garden. He had just hired an assistant the other day. He'd also found an office building close to where Blake's South Bank was located, so that was brilliant for convenience. He had also asked Chad to do most of the interior decorating. Everything was coming along, and I was thrilled for him and the next step he was embarking on for his future.

After last night's ordeal, he became more attentive. He would always reach out for my hand, kissing me whenever he could-the little things that counted most, he did right.

And, in a way, driving back to my flat with him looking at me with that look of awe felt like that first night we'd dated.

"Just like the old times," Toby announced the second we opened the door, walking inside. "This place holds mostly good memories." That made me smile. At least we had something in common.

"Yeah. It sure does."

He spun around in the living room, pulling me towards him. "Two years worth of fighting and making love mostly done in this apartment. I remember the first time I came here and never came out until five days later... Do you remember any of that, Luce?"

Funny how I had been just thinking that earlier...

"How could I forget?" I gazed at him and butterflies immediately went amuck in my belly.

"We couldn't get enough of each other."

"Yes, the good, old days," I agreed with a ting of sadness.

There we stood, in the middle of the room staring at each other, before he broke the spell after a minute.

"Do you still have those videos?" he asked, cocking his head to the side, searching.

What was he talking about?

"What?"

He barely glanced at me as he went through my DVD collection. "Of you and me? Random videos that we took of each other and made into a movie?" he gave me the rundown before it clicked in my ever so slow functioning brain.

He was talking about that. Why was he looking for it? That video was an embarrassment... for my part anyway.

"Somewhere in the room... I think," I reluctantly said. "Why?"

"I was thinking that maybe we should watch it."

The signature weak-in-the-knee smile appeared, and for a second, I was entranced... until I remembered how pathetic I had been in the video. "Maybe someday, but not tonight." Maybe never.

He brought his arm to his chest as if I had just shot him. Dramatic he surely was. "Let's walk down memory lane together. Maybe it would do us both good."

Not at my expense, we wouldn't.

"We have photos," I kindly suggested, hoping he'd take the bait.

"I want that video, Luce. Please?"

Drat, he looked desperate for it.

"Why do you want it so badly? We don't have to watch it now." I was beyond ridiculous in that thing.

"Because, after last night..." He trailed off, searching my eyes. "If you're thinking-maybe even considering-leaving me, I just want you to see what it was like for us to be happy again, in case you had forgotten."

That video...

"I never said I was leaving, Toby."

"But you never said you were staying, either."

He was waiting for me to say something back, to tell him that I wouldn't go anywhere-that I was staying with him through thick and thin-but I needed more... I needed more from him.

"It's in the closet... in the black luggage," I said just as he raised his brow, looking at me weird. "It's locked so you might want to find the key first. It's taped behind the toilet."

He licked his bottom lip, biting it as if he was trying to hold back a laugh. "Don't tell me you hid the key with another key?" He looked amused and smug.

"It's behind the mirror. What does it matter if I had to do just that?"

Kisses rained on my face. "Nothing. It's just letting me know how crazy you were about me."

"Were-past tense."

He paused, pulling back to see my face. "Lucy, how often do I need to tell you not to lie? You look gorgeous even when you do, and that just brings the caveman out of me." His lips nipped mine. "And it also fuels the need to sexually draw the truth out of you."

God, if he only knew... "We shall see if you're worth it," I threw it out there. He could take it however he wanted to.

"You know I am and you'll know it, too, after the video." He kissed me once before leaving to scour the bedroom for the video.

I was in the kitchen, pouring a glass of wine, when I heard him come out of my room.

"Found it!" he declared with pride.

Brilliant, I thought as I shook my head, draining the rest of the wine.

I was about to bring the bottle with me to the living room when I heard the video come on. It was so loud it echoed around my apartment. I stood frozen, listening to our recorded voices.

When I finally managed to start moving again, striding into the living room, I found Toby deep in thought. He looked up, smiling, before he pulled me against him and wrapped his arms around me from behind.

In the video, we were in my bedroom, the camera situated on the side table and angled at the bed. Sheets were scattered everywhere and we were both obviously naked. I looked young, cheeks tinged with pink, red puckered lips from his kisses, and I had that look about me that screamed I was deeply in love with him. I literally had stars in my eyes.

"Where do you think we'll be three years from now?" I asked him.

He grinned, twirling my hair with his fingers as he left kisses on my chest, above my slopes. "Hopefully, we'll be married then." He paused, thinking. "Yeah, we'd be shagging whenever I fancied." He laughed, peeking at me before he bit a nipple, whispering, "You'll be wearing my ring and my name. On the outside, we'd appear like normal, happy folks, but when we're at home, you're basically the boss of me."

"You're not being serious." I lightly shoved him, making him laugh once more.

"You want me to be serious?" he asked, rolling on top of me.

I nodded, looking up at him.

"Happiness came when I found you. We fight hard and often, but I do know that we love each other twice as hard. You're my forever, and I won't stop chasing after my forever. You're it for me, Lucy."

His words held so much meaning that I felt too exposed to be taped, so I moved, needing to breathe.

The camera shifted when I moved, showing only the bed while I could hear myself sobbing in the background and him trying to comfort me.

"Hey, don't cry..."

I was beyond hysterical, crying like I had just lost someone-the eerie sound of someone bawling wretchedly. "I just love you so much-it scares me all the time."

"I'm not going anywhere. Not until you marry me. Not until you're swollen with my child. Not even when you find me balding, fat and unattractive. I will love you until I die. There won't be any other woman for me. You're all I see. Forever, I will always belong to you," Toby vowed, making me cry harder.

That was it... I couldn't take anymore of this.

Yanking his hands off me, I paced towards my bedroom, closing the door lightly before I sat on the bed... the same bed that those words had been exchanged upon.

There was a knock before I heard it open. His boots echoed on the wooden flooring until he was right before me. He then sat on his heels, looking up to me with confusion.

"Why'd you leave?"

I shook my head, not wanting to say anything. Because if I did, I wasn't sure what would come out of it.

He wasn't going anywhere. "No. Talk to me."

"I just need a moment..." I whispered, pleading.

His hands held mine. "Don't shut me out like you did before-"

"What do you want from me?"

A frown creased his forehead. "I just want to know what's wrong. You're obviously upset."

That was putting it lightly. "Upset? I just watched what my life would've been with you. I saw it all; the house, the baby... everything." I let it all out, vomiting all the ugliness I kept locked in my heart. "It was supposed to me at that altar with you, not her." I sobbed, tears dropping onto our joined hands. "All I have are pieces of memories that I have to put together when I need reassurance that we have a future. I'm so tired of wishing that it will be how it was." I gave him a look of pained sadness. "It's never going to be the same. I know that now."

"It will be. Just give us time," he pleaded.

Words... it could be jumbled and misspelled, just like his promises in the video and from last night.

"We can't keep lying to ourselves, Toby. We tried-"

"Four days isn't considered trying, Lucy," he argued with frustration.

"What then? A year? Maybe three? Ten?" I pulled my hands from his, needing to hold myself. "What difference will it make?"

"We could still have it, Luce. It's not too late... We can still marry and have a kid. All of that we can do-Fuck, let's do it tomorrow. If you want a baby, we can make one right now. Just tell me. I'll do it for you."

Marriage and a baby? Did he need me to step into her shoes and provide a child so he could remember them through me?

"I don't want to be any of those. You don't have to say these things to make me feel better. I don't want marriage. Not even a baby."

He looked like I had just struck him. "I understand how you feel about marriage, but the baby? You used to say you wanted them. Did you change your mind? Don't you want one with me?"

I shook my head. "Not yours."

He stood up then, backing away while asking, "Why ever not?"

"I don't want us to live in their shadows." Their being Amelia and their baby.

"You think you are?" he shouted at me.

My answer would end everything, but I couldn't hide anymore.

"Yes," I answered, looking away.

"Then why the fuck are you with me, Lucy?" he barked out, sounding insulted and infuriated.

"Because you asked me to."

"That's not a bloody answer. So you're here, tolerating this nonsense, because I asked you to? If the bloody Pope himself asks of you to run naked in the streets of Rome, would you? I thought not! So don't give me this ludicrous excuse. Don't you think for yourself?"

I looked at him, irritated from his patronizing tone. "Of course I do! Why do you think I'm here? I'm here because I fucking love you-even if it's killing me inside. I hate that you have wedding pictures stashed in closets. Or how your wedding ring sits next to my toothbrush. I hate that every time you look sad, I always imagine that you're thinking about them, hoping that it was them with you instead of me. But most of all, I fucking hate you! I hate you for ruining me for any other man because no one could come close, not even if they tried."

"Why don't you ever say anything? I had no idea how you were feeling-"

We hadn't addressed anything, nothing of importance. "Why should I? It would only make me look weak. Well, it's irrelevant-because I already do. I've always been weak when it comes to you."

"You've driven me mad with jealousy, insecurity and distrust..." he started, looking at the other side of the room, as if needing distance. "You eviscerated me. Left me on my own to pick up the pieces and try to live with what was left in my life. When you left, you took my present and future with you. You had me begging on my knees just to have you again, but you-you turned your back on me, as if I was a nuisance in your life that needed ridding of. BUT STILL, even after all that mentioned, I still pursued you. When you dated Troy, I was devastated, but that didn't stop me from trying to get you back. Even when I was casually seeing Amelia, I still chased after you. No matter what I did, nothing could make you come back to me!

"I wasn't over you-not even when I found about the baby, not even when the talks of a wedding came up. But at that point, it was a wake-up call for me, and I was hoping it would do the same for you. When I saw you in Madrid, I thought you were there to beg me to stop all the nonsense and come back to you, to tell me that you've had enough living without me, but you chose to walk out on me, yet again.

"Each time I saw you around our friends, or at events that involved me seeing you again, I always ended up following your trail, begging like a pitiful excuse of a man because I simply couldn't get enough of you. Each encounter was worse than the other. It had been so long by then that, at times, I thought what I'd had with you was simply an illusion I had made up upon desperation... then Rome happened.

"I meant to get you back, I truly did. That's why I filed for divorce, mainly because of you and for my own welfare and sanity. I moved back here, thinking that I could be around you, and at the same time, build something for our future. But I witnessed how miserable you were when I was around... so that made me step back and think about what was best for you.

"Freeing you killed me, Luce. Then Amelia committed suicide, endangering the baby's life. And when she died, looking so tiny and helpless, those tiny eyes telling me that she knew she was wasn't going to live long-" He looked pained, eyes moist from recalling the past.

"It was one tragedy after the other. I was emotionally exhausted and felt like I had no purpose in life. When I found you that night in my living room, I was furious because you were there when I had freed you to do whatever you wanted. But you were persistent... and I despised you for that. My plan was easy, and that was to drink myself into oblivion until I was dead. It was brilliant and the least painful way to die. The uncomplicated plan was well on its way until you came along. You made everything complicated."

I stared at him in horror. I'd had no idea...

"I wanted you to leave me alone, but you were such a persistent pest. When you offered your body for me to use, I was drunk, but I wasn't daft, either. So, of course I took advantage of that, thinking that I was going to die the next day anyway, so why not take a small memory that had you in it to keep me companion when I'm dead and gone? I just wanted to take you once, but you went all out on me that night, becoming this highly crazed, sexual woman-and I wanted more of you. When I fell asleep with my cock buried deep within you, I remember thinking that maybe living for you wouldn't be so terrible, and I was somehow okay with that.

"The next day, I woke up to you getting dressed, seeming distant. And you told me you were going out that night. I told myself that I didn't care about you, that I could care less if you shagged a dozen men, that sex the night before wasn't that phenomenal and that I should carry on with my plan.

"I somehow ended up waiting for you. I gave myself until three a.m. and if you didn't show up, I'd end it then. Luck was on my side because you chose to show up, looking so gorgeous with that flimsy, little, short fucking dress that showed off your long legs and your body, and the makeup that made your eyes so sexy. I hated you on sight, and yet, I wanted to fuck you until kingdom come.

"Thoughts of you shagging Troy played in my head and I just went bonkers, maddeningly jealous that you weren't mine. I wanted to hurt you, not physically but inside, where it hurts most-until you cried..." He swallowed, looking apologetic, eyes somehow reaching out to me.

"When I heard you cry... it was when I felt the ugliest. I had forgotten you-the woman inside. I had forgotten that you had a tough exterior, but you were all sweetness inside. It was the reason I fell for you... and yet, I forgot that very simple fact."

He strode over, closing the gap between us, wiping my tears with his hands. "I'm so very sorry for causing so much pain and suffering. I know I'm not worthy of you, but you must understand, I can't live without you, Lucy. I don't have the power to erase any of the pain and memories, but I do have the power to pave a brighter future, for you and our children."

I cried the hardest when he mentioned children. I was such an idiot. I would give him a dozen babies just to make him happy.

"My heart hasn't changed. No one has ever been in it except you. I have loved you from the beginning and I will love you until the end. I just love you-through Heaven and Hell-to the moon and back," he vowed before producing something out of his pocket. It was a ring.

Oh, God. He couldn't be, could he?

Agog and beyond shocked, I stared at him before he got on his knee. Oh. My. Fuck!!! I was going to have a heart attack. I was hysterical with tears, laughing and shedding more tears.

"When did you get that?"

"My Aunt Tamsin was here when she was first diagnosed with cancer and I told her about my plans. I asked for her help since I had no idea how to shop for engagement rings. It's the ring that you would wear for the rest of your life, so I wanted it to be perfect. She went into her room, came out and presented me with this. It was what my late uncle gave her for their thirty-fifth wedding anniversary. She wanted us to have the same luck and happiness she'd found with him."

He touched my cheek. "This was the day after that night you cried for loving me so much in the video. My plan was to propose after your graduation. I even had it all planned out..."

He took my hand, hovering the ring upon the right finger. "Lucille Connelly, you're the very reason why I'm still here-the sole reason for everything I do with my life. I had memorized this proposal two years ago and I still know it by heart. Word for word, it's forever ingrained in me-in my soul."

"Love-" I was sobbing, but he stopped me, beaming with love for me.

"I fell for you when we were friends, when you thought I wasn't looking at you, but I saw you very clearly. I just needed time to be with you, and maybe a little courage because I knew loving you is forever. The night I approached you, I was all in then-there was no going back. My heart chose you, even from a distance; it slowly loved you until you were fully mine.

"I can't promise you that we'll have a blissful, fight-free kind of marriage, nor can I vow that I won't drive you mad, but what I can promise you is that I will always be here, ready to catch you when you falter. I will always take care of you, always put your needs before mine, your happiness, your smiles and laughter will be my purpose. I exist only for you," he said, adding, "You... there's only ever you, Luce."

I simply lost it-crying and kneeling with him-before taking his lips and kissing him as hard as I could. "I love you, forever. If forever is never, then never shall be my forever." Stealing his quote, I vowed my life intertwining with his.

"So... was that a yes?" he murmured before stealing my sanity.

Happiness, who would have thought I'd find it again with my lost love?

"You have four weeks to lock me in, Mr. Watson," I teased before I felt him rip the crotch of my leggings and then pushed my thong aside, thrusting everything of him in me, evoking a moan from me.

"Toby... I love it when you go mad, crazed and randy."

"I think you're quite perfectly locked in now, Mrs. Watson," he whispered, smiling wickedly before he filled my ears and body with what he'd been dreaming to do ever since I had taken him in my mouth.

A month later...

For the umpteenth time, I checked my wavy, chignon-styled hair in the antique, gilded pier mirror. It looked pretty, but it didn't feel too secure. "Another pin, perhaps?" I asked out loud, wondering if one would be enough.

"Stop it. Your hair will go bushwhacked if you check it one more time." Chad appeared behind me, giving me that loving, evilish smile as he went through my dress, checking for stains and whatever crazy disaster bride-to-be's were prone to on their wedding day.

My wedding day...

Yes, it was definitely happening. At my parents' estate in Kent.

My gorgeous gown was made out of ivory lace, a tight-fitted bodice with mermaid-tail style bottom that had just enough length for it to glide behind me. It was classy, sexy, and the touch of lace gave it a delicate, elegant look.

"You look so beautiful, Luce. He's going to go ballistic when he sees you walking down to him," Sienna said, giving a dramatic sigh.

"It's time." Luke appeared out of nowhere, cradling his little bundle of joy named Belle.

Chad froze, eyes bulging out. "FUCK. Are we ready? Are you ready?" He seemed frantic as he started to tear, carefully cupping my face. "I love you, but if you're not ready to go marry that man out there who's been overly, crazily, obnoxiously in love with you, it's not too late to back out. Things have progressed so quickly, so if you're having doubts, don't do it. It'll hurt him worse if you plan to divorce later on, ya know? I'm your bridesman; I'll bounce with you."

Sienna nodded along with him. "If there's even a tiny spec of doubt..."

"I don't. I love him," I declared with my heart. "I've been waiting for this day for such a long time, I'm never letting him get away. This is it for me, loves."

I was marrying Toby and no one was going to stop me.

After a few tears and warm hugs, my mother came to get me, eyes brimming with tears and happiness as she guided me towards where my father was waiting.

Beaming with pride, father kissed both of my cheeks before holding my hands and nodding with approval. "My little pet is finally getting married." He sniffed, eyes glazed with moisture. "You look beautiful, darling." He reached for my mother's hand, holding it tight. "If you're not one hundred percent sure about this-" he started before I interrupted.

"I'm a million times sure," I assured them both, not wanting another speech about having second thoughts because I simply had none.

My mother hooked her arm through mine. "Then that's all we needed to hear, darling."

"Let's get you married then, shall we?" my father said, taking my other arm as we walked side by side for a few more steps towards the garden that had a white-carpeted aisle dusted with magnolias, giving the air about the garden a warm, lush ambiance.

The string quartet started playing "The Scientist" by Coldplay. The entourage went about their places when I knowingly glanced ahead, seeing Blake standing next to my soon-to-be husband, who was looking even more dashing since I had seen him last. Even from a distance, his eyes lasered in on me, staring so intensely that I began blushing from head to foot.

Giving him a small, knowing smile, he amorously responded with that sexy grin of his and a quick tap against the side of his chest where his heart rested.

We were going on to the next chapter of our lives, and I couldn't wait to finally start it with him.

I had waited for this man for so long. After all the pain and suffering, I must say he had been worth the tears and heartaches.

The future had never looked better.

"When love is not madness it is not love."

