"Not one word, not one gesture of yours shall I, could I, ever forget..."

-Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina

My heart for yours

I heard a light knock on the door and I spun around to find Kyle leaning against the doorframe, looking glum. His dark, f**k-me hair all over the place, making him look simply hot. He was wearing his signature wife-beater and beat-up jeans, his muscles defined and sculpted. His rather handsome face had that glum look, though. He's been sporting that look ever since I told him I was going to study abroad.

It hurt me to see him like this, but I had to leave. I can't be around this house. I was living in the home of my late father's sister, and I couldn't do it anymore. I just needed to get away and lead a new life.

"Close the door and come here, Matthews," I ordered him. Sighing, he finally did as I asked. Kyle sat on the foot of my bed and I took his face in my hands, pulling his gaze to my own. "I'm leaving in two days. Please don't be like this. You know how hard this is for me, but you know that I have to."

Kyle closed his eyes and rested his face on my stomach. "I don't know how I'm going to live without you, Si. It's always been you and me against the world. How the hell am I going to function without you by my side?"

I honestly didn't know how he would, but I knew he must try. I just needed a few years out of the country to study, and then I planned to be back here again, with him. For Kyle Matthews was my future. I couldn't picture my life without him.

I simply just couldn't.

Pushing his head away from my tummy, I straddled his lap and kissed him. I kissed him like I couldn't get enough of him because I really couldn't. Kyle was the only man I had ever loved, the only man I had ever been intimate with and I did not plan to change that.

"I love you. I don't have to tell you that I do. I will be back for you... for us. You're still planning to marry me someday, right? You can't back out now because I'm going to keep your heart hostage. I'm never returning it." I smiled at the man who was starting to look happy again.

Kyle's hands skimmed the sides of my hips. "Bring all of your things back to my house. I want to spend each and every single second with you and in you," he whispered in my ear as his hands went inside my shirt, inside my bra. I gasped when his finger brushed my nipple.

I shivered.

Hell yeah, I wanted to spend the next two nights with him. "Yes, I thought you'd never ask."

I moaned when he pinched my nipple. For two years, Kyle's touch had affected me like it's the first time every time he's touched me. I tried to move away from him, but his other hand held me down.

"I want to have your amazing body first, baby. I need to be inside you. NOW," Kyle spoke before he bit into my neck.

Oh my God, yes, I thought deliriously.

FUCK!

My hands found his hair and I pulled it before directing his lips to seal with mine. Within seconds he lifted me off and I was on my back. Whilst kissing, he used both hands to tug my leggings off along with my thong.

We both groaned in unison when his fingers opened my wet folds. My body arched when he inserted two fingers inside me.

Shit, I wanted him... BAD.

"Promise me that no one else gets to touch this, Sienna? I want to be the only man to claim this body. Just me and no other man." Kyle's voice was full of passion, yet it was tinged with seriousness, too; what he wanted to convey was evident.

Was he serious? I didn't plan on cheating on him. I loved him, how could he even ask this? It was ridiculous and totally irrelevant.

"Kyle, you know that you're it for me. You'll be my first and my last with no one in between." Not waiting for him to reply, I grabbed his jeans and unfastened them.

No more talking, buster.

My fingers were going crazy, searching him out, as I held my breath until my hand finally found his hard shaft; he hissed when my hold tightened around his girth. I stroked him, slowly and then hard. "I need you now-fuck me now, please!"

With one hard thrust, he slid into me, filling me gloriously. "Baby, I love how tight you are. No one will ever compare." Kyle kissed me, desperately, hungrily, like it was the last time he would ever have the chance.

I matched his passion, kissing him while I lifted my hips to meet his hard pounding.

"You're mine, Sienna. You're the one," he muttered, his gaze burning me as he came inside me.

Before Kyle took my virginity, we agreed that I would be on birth control. He'd said he wanted to love me without restrictions. I had agreed.

As promised, Kyle never left my side over the next two days. We shared showers and we made love as much as we could, which happened a lot. I don't think I've ever had that much sex in my life. It was crazy.

It was two in the morning before we stopped; I was to leave in the next ten hours. We were in his bed, holding each other, naked, as we talked about our future together. We used to do this a lot, but now, it's different. Tonight, we were really making a promise to each other.

"How many children would you want someday?" Kyle asked out of the blue. We had just made love for the fifth time. He just kept on touching me and I lavished each touch he gave.

I would certainly miss him. My heart ached for both of us.

"I did tell you I want a few," I responded while I kissed his scruffy jaw. He chuckled softly.

"Yes, you did. Maybe after you get back from London, we can get married then? Would that be enough time for you?" He eyed me with love and sincerity.

"I would love to marry you right now, Matthews, but you told me you want to wait. So, yes, four years can't come soon enough."

Kyle softly caressed my collarbone. "I know you do, baby, but I need to figure things out, you know? I want to be stable and, at the same time, you need to figure things out, too. You'll be twenty-three; you sure you won't want to change your mind by then?"

Like that would really happen! I didn't want anyone else.

"Hell, yes! I would love to be Mrs. Matthews!"

I squealed when he nipped my neck. "Well then, Ms. Richards, will you do me the honor of becoming my future Mrs. Matthews?"

When Kyle rolled me on my back and parted my legs, I moaned my "yes" as he entered me again and again.

***

That last night we had was bittersweet. I was excited to leave; however, my heart broke to see him so downcast and melancholy. I was hopeful, though, because nothing would ever break us apart.

Our unmistakable bond and love was forever...

My heart stopped beating

Six weeks later...

"Are you quite ready to leave, love?" Lucy peaked through the small crack on the door.

"Yes, give me a minute, and then I'll be right out!" I shot back.

I had barely just moved in a few days ago when I met her through a party and we'd hit it off almost immediately, so, when she mentioned she needed a roommate, I jumped on the chance.

Student housing was great, but I needed more space and privacy. This apartment was utterly perfect!

We were about to head out to Toby's (who I met once)-party in Knightsbridge. Toby and Lucy were dating and madly in love at that!

The winter in London was brutal-compared to LA, of course-so I opted to wear black. I wore black jeans, boots, and cashmere sweater and did my make-up in the same shade.

When we finally managed to get out of our apartment building in Covent Garden, Luce instantly hailed a cab. I decided to text Kyle during the ride.

Me: Baby, how's your day going? Your dad's not giving you a tough time, I hope? Can't stop thinking about you :) Miss your kisses!

When my phone beeped almost immediately, I rushed to open it. I have missed Kyle. I even cried once because I missed him like crazy, but I was determined to stay here. I needed to stay here and be on my own.

Kyle: I can't stop thinking about you either, Si. Trust me when I tell you that you're the first thing that enters my head when I wake up in the morning (you and your irresistible body). I feel so lost without you with me. I love you. What have you been up to?

His message made me smile like an idiot. I better be the first thing he thinks about in the morning! If he jacks off thinking about another woman, I will kick his balls!

Me: On my way to Toby's house party (Lucy's Man). I love you, Kyle Matthews!

Kyle: If any man approaches you, tell him that you're taken, 'kay? The thought of you talking to other guys and flirting makes me ill. Fuck! I hate this! Come back to me.

Now, he's just overreacting. Me? Flirt? Right, so not funny.

Me: I am yours... now, I have to go. We're here. Tell your parents that I said hi!

When we got to Toby's apartment, he was all smiles. I supposed he was drunk already because his cheeks were flushed and his blue eyes were all on Lucy. He's so in love with her! I grinned when I looked at them. They honestly reminded me of Kyle and me.

Lucy introduced me to a lot of people that they went to school with and they were all nice, welcoming me to London. A few men even offered to take me around and show me the real city, but I graciously declined. When they asked if I was in a relationship, I didn't even hesitate to tell them that yes, I am and quite happy too.

Lucy and I were getting more wine when I first noticed a man watching me with such scary intensity. When our gazes clashed across the room, I kid you not, I felt the whole apartment shrink and it was only him I saw. Those eyes held me in such a trance I felt dizzy. My body became alert like it had been called by its owner. My senses were heightened and my entire body prickled. Even from a distance, I knew his eyes were unique. He was tall, broad, but even with his gray cashmere sweater, his muscles were evident.

Good God! I had never seen such male perfection. He simply took my breath away... in a heartbeat... merely with a searing, burning look.

I heard Lucy clear her throat beside me. "That's Blake Knightly, Toby's best friend. Fascinating specimen, is he not? Women chase him for his looks alone. Sprinkle in a dash of the multi-billion dollar empire of his grandfather's that he will soon inherit and women flock, dying to get his attention."

So, this Blake Knightly, who was still staring at me unnervingly, was the epitome of perfection with a blockade of women about. Got it.

"And he can't seem to stop staring at you, love. He must want you! Good luck saying no to that man." Lucy throatily laughed while her words sunk in.

"I'm with Kyle. Hot, rich men will not change my mind." Lucy beamed at me.

Even if the temptation looked like a f**king force to be reckoned with. Even if one searing look alone was enough to make me incoherent. Even if he was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen in my life.

"Let's hope so because I have known these guys for a while. I've known them before I even started dating Toby and, let me tell you, that if Blake wants something, he will never stop until he gets it." I just nodded before I took a long sip of my wine.

When I glanced back at him, I saw Toby talking to him in a hushed manner. His beautiful face frowned while Toby held his attention. I watched as his frown turned into a scowl before he lifted his eyes and they clashed with mine again. My heart pounded and galloped like no other.

God, why did he affect me so much? I'd never even met him.

When I saw Toby and Blake Knightly crossing the room, heading towards us, my heart literally stopped beating. I had to put my glass down on the counter because I didn't trust myself holding on to the thin stem without my hand shaking or having it spill on the floor.

"Sienna Richards, meet Blake Knightly, a dear friend of mine," Toby said before he went over to Lucy and pulled her aside, making out like crazy. I watched as he dragged her into another room.

I was left to my own devices, alone with this man who was staring at me, confused and at the same time awed. To say that I was disconcerted was an understatement.

I was mystified.

I couldn't even look at him directly, so it was almost a surprise when he spoke, "Enjoying your time in London so far, Sienna?"

Fuck. What the hell? That voice. I think I just creamed in my underwear.

"London's great. I really like it here." And I did. It was the total opposite of LA. I loved the arts and the chaotic craziness of the city itself.

Still his eyes penetrated, I was hesitant to gaze back at him... especially this close to him. His next question took me aback.

"How come your boyfriend let you study in a different country? I found that a tad baffling." That question did it. Why would Toby tell him that I was with someone? Why would they even talk about me to begin with? That's just weird.

I was about to answer him when our eyes clashed again for the third time.

Wrong move.

I sucked in my breath as we stared at each other. Waves of electricity ran through my body. Midnight blue, rimmed with silver with gold bursts met me.

FUCK.

Holy, shitcakes.

Those eyes... I was captivated and I simply lost any thoughts as I swam in those mesmerizing pools of beauty.

"Sienna?" Blake asked with a breathtaking smile, clearly amused at my speechless state.

I blinked back a few times. "Sorry?"

"I was asking you a question, but it seems that you clearly did not hear me. I do wonder what was occupying your thoughts. Mind sharing it?"

Not really. Surely, I'm not the only woman who acts like a complete ninny around this man? He was just too much for any woman senses.

I blushed, beet red from head-to-foot. Seriously, why did I have to embarrass myself the first time I met him? Ugh!

"I, uh, well you're, uh... I didn't expect to find your eyes to be so, um..." I trailed off when he arched his brow. Hell, just f**king hell. "They're very unique."

That stupid answer made him smile at me like I'm the most beautiful woman in the world. "You can stare at them for as long as you want. I don't mind the attention."

WTF! "No thanks, I'm not hitting on you. I'm with someone."

"I really do not understand the bloody term 'hitting on you', but yes, I do know that you're with someone. Does he make you happy?" Odd question to ask someone you just met.

Kyle. I totally forgot about him for the first time in a few hours. Surely, that's a bad sign?

"Yes, Kyle's amazing! He's my childhood best friend, but we started dating only a couple of years back, and it's been marvelous. He's a great man."

Blake nodded and murmured, "Quite the lucky man this Kyle."

Since I had no response to that, I just resorted back to finishing my entire glass of wine. I was more than relieved when Lucy and Toby came out of the other room that appears to have been a bedroom by the flushed looks and all the smiles.

Ha. Those two... all they did was make goo-goo eyes at each other all night.

After an hour of chitchat, I became comfortable in Blake's presence. When he started to crack jokes, I warmed to him even more.

That was the beginning of our friendship.

We actually had a lot in common and he was quite happy about that. Seeing the comfortable side of him was much better than the smoldering side, for sure. I was less intimidated.

When he offered to take me around sightseeing, I didn't even hesitate to say 'yes'. We agreed to do it in two weeks time since he's busy with his grandfather's company.

When I mentioned it to Kyle, he seemed pissed off that I was friends with a guy, but he somewhat conceded when I told him that Blake has a lot of women and that he didn't see me that way.

I have seen a couple of the women in the two weeks since meeting Blake, too. When all four of us had gone out to eat, he always managed to bring a date with him and the women he consorted himself with-gorgeous doesn't even cover it because they were almost perfect. Blake goes for perfection and I am not in that category. After a week of convincing Kyle that Blake was simply a friend, he finally accepted it, reluctantly.

Blake and Toby were always in the apartment. There were times when I came out in the morning and all three would be having breakfast. Having people to trust and just be comfortable with, it felt like my little family, and I loved it. I also noted how Blake made me a perfect cup of coffee. He's such a gentleman.

So, when that day rolled in for us to go sight-seeing, I was excited to hang out with him.

I made a quick dash to the mirror and checked my appearance. Yes, I looked like I could do some walking in the cold chilly air. When I came out of the building, I halted when I found Blake leaning against his black Vanquish. To be quite honest, each time I see him, I always get like this. Like he's all I see... I guess because he's just so f**king HOT. The list goes on from there...

"Ready, milady?" Blake grinned at me while his eyes twinkled.

Sigh, could he be any sexier? I am crushing on Blake so badly, but that's my secret and not one I would share. Imagine if Blake ever found out? I could see him teasing me, amused and all.

No, thanks.

I gave him a shy smile since my thoughts were really not appropriate and especially since I've been in love with another man. "Yep, how long have you been waiting?" Blake's smile vanished.

His voice was serious and husky when he spoke. "A bit, but I don't mind waiting. Some things are worth waiting for." I looked at him weird. His response did not make sense whatsoever. Instead of clarifying that, he just ushered me inside his car.

"Where are we heading?" I asked him as he maneuvered the car and joined London traffic.

Blake cocked his head sideways and winked at me. "You'll see."

Shit, f**k, shit. Stop making me blush damn it!

Not wanting to dwell on my stupid thoughts, I turned on the radio. After thirty minutes or so, we were somewhere around the airport.

Okay...

I tensed. "What are we doing in Gatwick?" He just smiled at me again.

"Blake?" I questioned, but he ignored me and swiftly parked the car in the garage. Once done, he opened the door. Before he rounded mine to open it, I did it myself.

"It's a surprise."

"I hate surprises!" I exclaimed. Where the hell is he taking me?

"Come on, Miss Pouty. Your jet awaits." Blake ushered me towards the gates.

Jet, what jet?

Blake handed two passports to the security people while I stared at him, shocked. Once they let us through, I glared at him. "You stole my passport!"

He chuckled. "No, I borrowed it. There's a big difference, my sweet." We went through another set of doors and into a private concierge area. From there, someone waited to greet us named Bart.

Okay, even if I was a little weirded out about everything, I must admit that I was impressed with the kind of power Blake held. The f**king man commanded power and everyone just seemed to bow to him. Must be nice to lead that kind of life...

Bart ushered us to a private jet and bid us a good afternoon. Inside, two pretty stewardesses greeted us and then the two pilots spoke to Blake for a bit. I didn't speak until we were both seated across from each other.

"Where are you taking me, Blake? You promised to take me sight-seeing!"

Those dynamic eyes were amused as they twinkled. "I am taking you sight-seeing in Paris. When you agreed to let me take you, you never once asked where."

"God, don't you do anything in small measures?" I was back to glaring at him again. Although, I was excited to see Paris for the first time, I wasn't going to let him get off the hook that easily.

When the pilot announced to get ready for take-off, we didn't resume talking until the stewardess, Ellie, finished serving us food and refreshments.

"Tell me, Sienna, do I look like the kind of man that does things in small measures?" Hell-to-the-fucking-no.

I threw a grape at him. "Can you stop being so amused?" Why was he so damn happy, anyway? Fuck, Kyle will murder me if he finds out about this.

Blake held my gaze and spoke, "I can't help provoking you when you look simply and utterly beautiful as you glare and blush like that."

Before I managed to even respond, he started on the food that was before us. I murmured my thanks when he gave me coffee. In between bites of Belgian waffles, I asked, "The woman that you're seeing at the moment... is she okay that you're taking me out of the country?"

Blake shrugged and took a sip of his beverage. "Why should she? And besides, you're a friend, there's nothing for her to be jealous of."

Right, we were after all that-friends.

When we landed in Paris, I was crazily psyched. "Welcome to the city of lights and the city of love," he exclaimed with such enthusiasm.

Blake was the best guide I could ask for. We went to a few places, but I got too distracted to be interested because there were too many pastry shops. Each time we passed by one, my body walked forth, but my nose stayed and lingered, smelling the damning, delicious aromas. Of course, Blake obliged me. He seemed to have a weakness for sweets as well. So that worked out perfectly.

He was funny and spoke in fluent French. Yeah, that was something to behold. He was quite breathtaking. I guess some people were just born perfect?

Before midnight, we were back in Charles de Gaulle airport to go back to London. "Blake, thank you for today... I know I was a little bitchy in the beginning... but you made me really happy. I can't thank you enough." I leaned over and kissed his cheek before I went back to my own chair.

"I am quite glad that today made you happy. That was my goal, nothing more. Why don't you go rest awhile? I'll wake you up before we land."

I murmured my thanks before I closed my eyes.

Today was rather eventful and I was weary and exhausted.

Paris, I will never forget you.

Building Friendships...

Christmas

"God, this is amazing Toby! Thank you for inviting me to join you guys!" I was awed at the sight of the powdery slopes of the French Alps. We were staying in a chalet owned by Toby's aunt and it was beyond beautiful.

All four of us were on the slopes all day. While Toby and Blake went hardcore, Lucy and I just did a few decent runs. She and I chatted on and on about everything... asking about Kyle and why wasn't I with him. Christmas was a sensitive subject for me. Since I don't have my parents, Christmas is the most depressing time of the year for me. I remembered telling Kyle that I was not flying back... he wasn't pleased... at all.

"Sienna, for the love of God, come back home! You know I can't fly out there. Christmas is busy for us with all these artists releasing albums. Don't do this baby, please, be with me." Kyle huffed out a painful sigh.

"I already told the guys that I was joining them in France. I'm sorry, but you know how I feel about Christmas. Why can't you just fly out here for a few days? I will make it worth your while. Everyone would be delighted to meet you."

I heard him groan on the other end. It took him a few minutes before he spoke again. "I can't, Si. It's impossible."

"I'm sorry."

"Si, are you sure you don't want to come home because you don't want to see me? It seems that you're doing good without me. If you want to let me go, just say so. Just don't make me feel like shit, Si."

"Baby, I love you. I'm in love with you. Don't do this. I miss you, too-like crazy-but I can't go home. I just can't right now. You know my situation, babe. I can't go back, yet." I closed my eyes and tried to calm myself. LA has a lot of bad memories for me. I can't go back, not yet.

"I'm sorry, baby. You're right. I do understand. I'm just being selfish. I just miss you, that's all." I bit my lip as I listened to his pained voice.

"I love you, Kyle."

"I love you, too, Si. More than you'll ever know."

***

That night, when Lucy and Toby decided to turn in early, Blake asked me to meet him out on the chalet deck. When I did, I was surprised to find that he had the fireplace going and a couch that was pushed almost to the wood railing with comforters.

I looked at Blake, confused. "I was wondering if you're up for stargazing? The sky is clear and the stars are out. I was hoping that you might like that."

Oh.

How f**king romantic is this? Well, maybe not romantic since we're only friends and all...

"Sure, Knightly. I'll keep you company." I strode over to the couch as he handed me my own blanket. "Let me warn you, though, I don't know much about stars."

He merely laughed. "Well then, I will gladly educate you. You're quite lucky to have such an accomplished and knowledgeable companion."

Of course, I forgot that this dude was f**king smart, too. He seemed to just excel in everything. It's annoying and, at the same time, I couldn't help admiring his sharp mind. On top of that, he had such a passionate nature. Blake told me it's because of his half-Italian heritage. I thought, he's right on that score. Italians are quite passionate beings.

And so, we sat and huddled with our respective wool-checkered blankets while we stargazed.

"Do you believe in love at first sight?" I asked Blake out of the blue. I looked at him sideways and waited for his answer.

When his eyes met mine, he studied me for a minute. The fire from the outdoor fireplace made his eyes dance with such spell-binding power, I felt like I was being hypnotized. Those eyes were arresting me as he probed and searched my golden depths. "Yes, I do believe in love at first sight."

Seriously?

Blake Knightly? Huh.

I was beyond piqued. "How can you believe in such a connection of souls? You can't seem to stay in one relationship for more than a few weeks...Or... maybe you have... but what happened?"

Without breaking eye contact, he responded, "Well, I think it's close to love at first sight. I knew when I first saw her that my life had changed in that instant. Something altered for me and I wasn't the same man before I met her. However, she's with someone else and very much in love with him."

His answer took me aback for a second. "Oh, that must suck. I'm sorry. So, this woman, she just... didn't care for you... at all?"

Blake merely shook his handsome head. "I didn't tell her, of course."

"But why? If you love her... you're not going to fight for her?" How could a person love someone and not fight for that? I just didn't get it.

"You must understand that some circumstances are just meant to be that way. One cannot force something such as love to be an easy one. Do I wish to have her in my arms? Without a doubt, I do wish it, more than anything. Maybe the timing is wrong, who really knows?"

I gave him a quick hug and smiled brightly at him. "Maybe one day, you will get to be with her. You never know." I wanted him to have his happily ever after.

Blake held my hand and squeezed it. "Maybe one day, but once I do get to have her, I will not let her go."

When we reverted back to studying the stars and, while he explained to me which one was Cassiopeia, my thoughts lingered to what we discussed a few minutes ago... I wondered how it would feel to have such a compelling man like Blake want you like no other...

For the first time in my life, I imagined being with another man, one that wasn't Kyle Matthews.

Is that doubt I feel?

Four months later...

"Are you about done, Sienna? Might I remind you that I have been waiting for quite some time now?" Blake called out from the living room.

We'd agreed that we always have to watch The Game of Thrones episodes together. He's out there waiting, but I seemed to not want to move out of my bedroom.

Kyle had been ignoring my calls again.

This had been a constant thing as of late. I was beyond worried, but a tad reluctant to ask if he and I were still okay. I kept telling myself that there's nothing to worry about. Kyle loves me. It's as simple as that.

I knew for the last few months I had been too busy to call him back and the time difference just totally sucked. I knew he's mad, but he couldn't just ignore my calls. He knew it hurt me when he did.

Sighing, I tried to dial his number again to no avail. Instead this time, I opted to leave a message. "Hey, it's me. I'm sorry if I haven't been good with keeping up with our phone calls and all... but please don't ignore me. Even if I'm busy, I never fail to think about you. I just want to tell you that I miss you very much. Call me, please? I love you, Kyle."

Sighing again, I dropped the phone on my side table while I stared at it for a while. I looked up when someone knocked on my door.

It was Blake.

"What's wrong, poppet?" Blake asked before he strode inside and sat next to me.

Poppet? He's called me a lot of nicknames, but it seemed poppet was his favorite. He and I had been building a great friendship for the last six months. I don't know why he liked to chill with me. Blake Knightly was just too cool and too handsome to be doing so. Yeah, he gets admirers... like gazillions of them.

Last week, a woman, whose name escapes me, called me out of the blue to ask for help. She wanted me to help her get Blake back. Ugh, psycho much? She said she went through Blake's contact list and knew that I was close to him. I told her that she should get her own man without my help. I felt bad when she started crying, but what the hell? How in the world would I force Blake f**king Knightly, of all men, to do something that he didn't want to do? It's inconceivable.

I mentally shook my head and focused on Blake's present question. "It's Kyle. He seems to be ignoring my calls lately. He knows it hurts me, but he keeps on doing it. I don't get that? Do you think... he's-" I halted. No, Kyle would never leave me. We were it. We made promises. "He's just probably busy, right? There's no point of me freaking out over something so stupid."

"That's possible. However, if you're asking from a man's point-of-view, a man only ignores a woman when he doesn't want to talk, he's done with you or he's just really busy."

Three selections? I'm picking the latter. He's busy; nothing more, nothing less.

Not wanting to speak about it any longer, we finally managed to watch our episode, but I was distracted the whole time.

My heart chases the beat of the drum...

Weeks later...

I did it! I finally bought the ticket, and I will be seeing my boyfriend in a month's time. It was a surprise and I couldn't help feeling happy as I imagined his reaction when he saw me for the first time after almost nine months of separation. He's going to go crazy and love me even more!

I jumped on my bed and answered my ringing phone with enthusiasm.

"Baby! I've missed you!" I said to Kyle.

He was quiet and it took him a while to respond.

Odd.

"Sienna... I've been seeing someone else for the past couple of months or so. I didn't know how to tell you, but now I kind of have to since it's getting, you know, serious," Kyle said in a brushed off manner.

I gasped as my eyes started to tear. In a wobbly voice, I spoke, "What do you mean for the past couple of months? You've been cheating? And you failed to mention this to me?"

"I'm sorry, but it's done. I'm with her now, Si. I haven't seen you in months and I just kind of miss being with someone-"

"Fuck off, Kyle. Don't call me ever again. Bye!"

Dropping my phone on the floor, I curled up in a ball. And cried... and cried...

How could he do this to me? After what he and I had gone through... especially after what I had gone through? He promised to never hurt me, but he lied. Kyle lied to me.

Of all the men, Kyle was the constant one in my life. He was my life raft. My go-to person... he was my hero. He was the one who used to save me from my turbulent home.

He cheated.

My Kyle cheated on me.

I didn't leave the room until the night after. When Blake, Lucy and Toby dragged me out of the room and force fed me. I felt like death and when they managed to spring the information out of me, I was more than bereft. I was a tad hysterical, waterworks and all.

Kyle. How could he do such a thing?

Two weeks later...

"You can't be serious, Sienna?" Toby expressed in a shocked tone. Toby, Lucy and Blake all stared at me like I had gone cuckoo.

I was about to respond, but Blake butted in. "Closure? What the bloody hell for? The man cheated for months and never let you on about it? That's rather absurd. Kyle does not deserve closure." Blake seemed furious.

I got that he's shocked and doesn't like my decision, but for him to be angry at me?

I sighed and looked at Lucy and Toby, both stayed mum. "Lucy, if you were in Sienna's situation would you want bloody f**king closure?" Blake asked Lucy.

"No, but Kyle's her childhood sweetheart. He probably had a good reason for doing it. I cannot seem to think what that would be, though. Sienna, will it make you happy to go and see him? Clear the air or what of it?"

Yes, I would be. I needed to see Kyle. I needed to see it with my own eyes... that my future... the future that we had planned together was now gone. "Yes, most definitely."

Toby stood up. "And there you have it, folks. Now, what do you say we focus on dinner before Sienna passes out from all this tension?" Chad intervened. I gave him a grateful smile.

When everyone else dropped it, I still felt Blake's simmering anger. When they all went to start prepping for dinner, I excused myself to my room and Blake followed me. Without asking for permission, he invited himself in.

I was in bed when he entered. I turned over, my back facing him. I knew I might have sounded pathetic right now, but it was what I needed. I didn't give a damn about anything else.

Kyle meant everything to me. I had to see him and that's that.

I stilled when I felt the bed dip.

"I apologize if I was harsh, but you must understand that I am only concerned. I do not want to see you anymore hurt than you already are." Blake touched my shoulder, but I didn't turn around or said anything.

I'm tired. I'm emotionally battered, betrayed, cheated on and the list can go on. The last thing I needed was for Blake to be angry at me. I got where he's coming from, but I don't give a hoot. Not right now, I don't.

Defeated, he sighed and kissed my head. "I'm staying here tonight. I'll be outside when you need someone to talk to, okay? Get rest, my love." He then got up and left the room.

My love. I knew British people used the word love with everyone, but coming from Blake, it simply gave me tingles. It was stupid, but it did. Now, I'm really pathetic. Here I was mourning the loss of my relationship and I got tingles from my friend.

Seriously, Sienna, get a grip.

Sighing, I forced myself to sleep. I needed to recharge before I finally flew out to LA and confronted Kyle.

I didn't know what will happen, but I was quite certain that my friends would be there for me... through thick and thin.

