Prologue

The New Year's Eve Gala

A month ago

Blake

My eyes captured the raving beauty that was walking towards me, green with a hint of gold eyes danced as she took in how I watched the sway of her hypnotizing hips. "Mr. Knightly," she greeted, kissing me on both cheeks, making me aware of her perfume that reminded me so much of raw mating.

"Will there ever be a day that you won't take my breath away, my love?" I took hold of her hand, kissing the back of it.

Confident and sassy as ever, she took in my dressed state with carnal desire ignited in her eyes before she pierced my soul. "That won't happen."

I thought so, too, but I wasn't going to tell her that. "That's a bold statement."

"It's true; you know why? Because I won't let it get to that." She moved closer, delectable br**sts grabbing my gaze. "It's you and me, Knightly. You cater to my needs and I'll grant you yours. Love me the way I want to be loved and I'll make your dreams come to life; inside and outside of the bedroom. You know I love romance and all these toe-curling gestures that you do for me. Don't ever stop loving me or I'll hand you back to Camilla myself."

Like hell she would. I smirked, drawing the necklace out from where it was nestled in between the valley of her br**sts before kissing the yellow diamond engagement ring that was going to be on her finger someday. "Sienna Richards, you're unofficially engaged to me. Whether you like it or not, poppet, you're stuck with this dashing and sexy gentleman. Not to mention I'm mighty rich and have the ability to make you orgasm six times in one session. Oh, since I'm already cocky as it is, let's add the sex-on-a-stick term that you love so much." The back of my forefinger traced the beautiful arch of her br**sts before meeting her gaze again. "I was brought into this world to make you happy and I do, you said as much."

"Really, is that so?" The stunning woman of mine gave me the dazzling smile that made my heart palpitate a mere second before she leaned against me, hands caressing the lapels of my tux. "You sure you want to spend the rest of your life next to me? I do drive you crazy, you know. In case you forgot, Knightly."

It was impossible not to, especially after the gutting ordeal this woman had put me through. "I do know that, nevertheless, you made me fall in love with you. Without a hint of doubt, I am fatally and hopelessly yours, cara mia." This love had grown over the months. Out of our friendship, it had simply spiraled to the inevitable and I knew that I would be bound to her forever when she became mine. The moment I made love to this woman, there would be no going back. Whether it was for Hell or Heaven, I was never going to let her go.

Sienna gave me a shaky smile, bottom lip-wobbling, eyes glassed with tears. "Blake, I want to say thank you for giving me the best Christmas. Really, the best holiday to date for me. I don't think I've ever felt this kind of happiness after my father died. You truly make me incredibly happy and I love you for that. Thank you for not giving up on me."

"I love you. Don't give me the tears, my love. I want smiles and laughter from you. No more tears for your past. You've shed enough." I gathered her in my arms, holding her tight, knowing that I would do anything to keep her safe. This woman, here in my arms, was the only thing that mattered to me.

She was the sound that made my heart beat.

She was the voice in my soul.

She was the strength that made me a better man.

Without her, I was nothing.

The ghastly stories I had heard about her childhood were beyond rattling. The damaged, tortured soul inside her had needed some time to heal, it still did. I had never wanted to be the man to hurt her, but I had. The strong hate, consuming anger and profound dejection took hold of me then-making me a man who I had barely known. A man who was tattered with so much grief from the loss of her that I wanted to lash out and make her feel how wretched the inside of me was. Never again, would I do that. Sienna was going to come first from here on out.

As complicated as this love we shared was, we knew enough to know one couldn't survive without the other. We were one. One pair. One heart. One soul. One destiny.

If I had thought life would be so much easier now that I had her by my side, I could think again because that very same night, at the New Year's Eve gala, someone orchestrated to kill her when I was busy about to give a speech right after my grandfather addressing the guests

There were so many speculations, but no suspects. The intense savage fury I felt for those who'd hurt her made me want to kill them all.

Wrath was upon them and I wouldn't capitulate until I held the last person in my hands, dead and gone.

I did say I would never fail to protect her and I wouldn't, until my last breath-the last beat of my pulse-I would make sure she was safe.

Love was a complex madness.

It was also a primitive madness I felt for Sienna.

"Love is a portion of the soul itself, and it is of the same nature as the celestial breathing of the atmosphere of paradise."

- Victor Hugo

One

Sienna

The early signs of morning had just broken through the cracked slits of the curtains and I was wide-awake without an ounce of desire to be in bed any longer.

I had halted taking the strong pain medication last night. My body was still healing and there was pain around the area where I had cracked my rib, but it was manageable. I didn't want to be drowsy any longer.

I wanted to start living again.

Apart from that horrendously terrifying incident that occurred a week ago, everything in my life had been great, especially with Blake. Not once had he left my side since the accident. He'd been such an excellent companion, nursing me like I was about to drop dead any day now. Even though I was being smothered by his incessant attention, my love for him quadrupled to infinity.

I was on my side, staring at the man who'd stolen my heart and held it with no ransom. Reaching out, I softly grazed my fingertips across the growing stubble around his chiseled jaw, making my skin tingle at the first contact.

My heart swelled as I admired his sculpted beauty. Beautiful inside and out, however when he was pushed too far, the man was arctic cold; the polar opposite of his passionate nature. I'd seen both and, frankly, it was petrifying. That particular side of him was out, skating about, waiting for the right time to strike as he waited for any news about the culprit who'd pushed me in the stairwell at The Savoy.

Blake moaned, breaking my train of thought, as he smiled with his eyes closed. "Good morning, cara mia."

"Good morning," I greeted the sleepy man, leaning over and connecting his lips to mine.

Blake cupped my face before he pulled away, eyeing me with great scrutiny, gold bursts standing out amidst the midnight blue. "How are you with pain today? Do you need to see a doctor? I can summon my zio's physician. He's brilliant."

There he went again, always worrying like I was going to crumble into a heap. "I'm fine. So much so that I'm dying to see, taste and experience Rome. We've been hiding here for three days now. I'm ready to go out and have some Italian fun," I said, trying to convince him to lower his guard.

"Poppet, I'm not too sure about that. It could still be dangerous." He exhaled, thumping his head back on the white, goose-down pillow, thinking aloud. "They're still out there. Who bloody knows when they'll strike again? The thought itself turns me cold."

Every night, I dreamt of the accident. It never ceased to replay in my head as if it had only happened yesterday, but I couldn't for the life of me live in a hideout forever. If I had a day, a month or a year before they succeed with their mission, then I would live whatever time left to the fullest. How many bullies did I have to tackle before I was set free? Cowering surely wasn't a valid option for me. Whatever happened in the future, I would be happy to know that I had lived each day without regret, without the dark past hindering me from moving forward, without giving a flying f**k about what those blasted people had in mind for me. I wasn't going down like some dim-witted fool because they had to catch me first before I got to that bitch who'd pushed me. I was going to get my revenge, my f**king way.

"Oh, come on! It's not like someone's going to shoot me while I'm walking around Rome. You act like I'm so darn fragile. I'm doing okay. Please, I beg of you to take me out, just you and me. I've missed you."

"I can promise to take you out for lunch, but that would be all."

"Well, what's the point of staying here then? Might as well go to Marbella now instead of next week. At least there I'll have friends around."

Blake sat up, exposing the contoured expanse of his back, hard and sculpted. "You're right. We can head out to Marbella tomorrow, or even today, if you wish it."

Man, this man knew how to make me happy sometimes. Marbella had Chad and Toby, and I needed those boogers with me. "Really? We can leave today? I'd rather do that than wait for tomorrow."

"Your wish is my command. I'll go ahead and make some calls." He held my hand, stroking the inside with his thumb. This was a habit I loved about him. Blake wanted to be connected to me in all aspects; always. "What would you like for breakfast? I'm sure Zia and Zio are already waiting for us to join them."

His Uncle Luciano and Aunt Seraphina were lovely people and I would hate to leave too soon after they'd gotten all excited that we were staying here for a while. However, as much as I liked them, I needed to be around people who I could easily confide in.

They weren't upset with us at all, though, the couple made us promise to come back for Lent and spend a weekend there then. "We'll definitely be back. I'm not sure when it'll be knowing Blake's schedule." I smiled at Seraphina.

Her bright green eyes twinkled at me. "When you get married, promise me you'll have it here in Italy. Blake is the closest thing I have to a son after I lost my own sweet boy. I'm very happy that he has you in his life. The power of love is powerful, si?"

Wedding? Maybe in the next few years, I thought with wry amusement. "When the time comes, you'll be the first person I'll call to help me arrange everything."

Seraphina gleefully clapped her hands before she gave me a big hug. "Yes! That would be perfect. Hurry and get married soon. We want lots of bambinos and bambinas." She kissed both of my cheeks, making me promise her that I'd seek her out in the garden before we left for the airport.

Blake and I were on our way back into our room to change and shower when I leaned closer, needing more warmth and affection. "Make love to me," I murmured the second we entered our room, making him pause and eye me cautiously. Damn, he was going to decline me again. "Save it. I don't want to hear anymore excuses," I muttered under my breath, walking away and heading towards the closet, feeling more than dejected.

After five minutes, I heard him behind me and then he pulled me close so I could face him. "Poppet, stop sulking." Blake looked concerned as his fingers brushed my cheeks, caressingly. "I ran you a bath. Come on, my love."

A bath, how thoughtful, I thought bitingly as I followed him into the bathroom. Slowly peeling off my clothes, I was careful not to move too quickly since the pain was still there. Now fully naked, I looked at him. "Aren't you going to join me?"

Blake shook his head. "No, I have some reports to go over. Do call out my name when you're done." He came over and tilted my head to look closely into his eyes. "I love you, Sienna."

Dammit, I knew he did. That's why it was impossible to be angry with him for long. "I love you, too." Sigh.

Two

Blake

We boarded my private jet in Ciampino airport before noon, heading to Marbella.

Sienna was still a bit miffed over reasons I kept telling myself were the right thing to do. Sex in her delicate state would be too much. Not only was I worried, but I was also scared I would hurt her more. My sexual urges were toned down from taking care of it myself, which was profoundly lacking. As much as I loved making love to Sienna, kissing her or touching her would lead me into a frenzied state. I had to refrain from it all.

My messages had been quite impossible for me to go through over the last few hours. Working away from the office was difficult enough, add on the stress of Sienna's safety and now her mood swings, all of it combined was seriously pushing me mental. My inbox beeped again, indicating a fresh message.

Camilla. We need to talk. Call me when you're back in town.

What the bloody hell did she want now? The last time we parted, I was crystal clear about whom I had chosen to be with and it was definitely not her.

My glance flickered to the woman who sat across from me, pouting as she read, engrossed in her novel with her brows furrowing. "Do you need anything, poppet?" I asked kindly, knowing I wasn't her favorite person at the moment.

Sienna looked up, giving me a death stare before her eyes went back to her book. "Yes, f**king fire that bitch you've f**ked before. God help me if you lay a finger on her during this damn flight to Spain."

She was sexually frustrated, I got that, but I didn't trust myself yet. I simply couldn't manage right now. As for her jibe, unfortunately, Ivanna was one of the stewardesses in flight with us. Although, I had already been thinking of having her reassigned somewhere else, I wasn't going to fire her merely because Sienna was unhappy.

I was about to say something in regards to that subject when Sienna carefully stood up, sighing as she walked past and headed towards the bedroom.

My eyes checked the time on my laptop screen, timing how long it would take me to come after her. Five? Ten? Okay, fifteen minutes would be the safest bet. She needed to breathe for a little bit. When the time came, I closed the lid of my laptop and slowly stood up, pushing my black, cashmere sleeves up passed my elbows as I walked towards the end of the cabin. Not bothering to knock, I gently pushed the handle, opening the door and carefully closing it behind me.

I was dumbstruck to find her on her back, only with her bra with the support belt wrapped around her rib area and nothing else. The shocking part was my woman was touching herself while watching p**n on her tablet device.

Inching closer, I sat next to her, caressing her soft calves. "Do you need any help?"

"Nope! Been doing quite well on my own," she immediately responded, not looking at me.

Feeling like an insensitive jerk for not catering to her needs, I slowly slid my hand on her thighs, stroking them mildly. Not bothering to pry her legs wider, my face immediately looked at the lovely prize before I stuck my tongue out, slowly tasting her. Fuck, I thought as her flavor coated my tongue, lighting me on fire as my body craved more of her. Moving my tongue in slow, agonizing circles before slowly sucking her juices that had secreted from my ministrations. She gave me her approval by opening her legs wider, moaning with want. "You feel so good, babe. Don't stop."

I wouldn't. If I could make her come a few times, perhaps she could go on a few more days without any physical intercourse. I was a sinner and I knew that. If I had to face her sweet pu**y a few times a day, resisting it would never come to mind. When it came to Sienna's hot, tight channel, I become an adolescent boy who couldn't control his urges. It was rather pathetic, really, yet that was the truth.

A guttural groan retched out of me when a fresh gush of hot liquid soaked my determined tongue, testing my resistance. Sienna was reaching for me, shifting her hips in swift motions to make her experience much more pleasurable, soothing her aching mound; her pu**y in desperate need of a good, hard, pounding c**k inside her core.

"I'm coming!" Sienna screeched, informing me right before I roughly stuck my middle finger inside of her, hooking it into her upper vaginal wall, relentlessly stroking her sweet spot. "Blake!" she panted out, shaking and chanting my name like it was an omen, a prayer and her deliverance all at once.

She was still in the heavy throws of her orgasm when I had to pull my finger out, reluctantly giving her inner thigh a lingering kiss before excusing myself to the restroom.

In the safe confines of the loo, I unzipped my trousers and pulled out my almost-dark purple cock, angry veins detailed the length due to its savage need to be in Sienna's nectarous cunny. Leaning against the aircraft door, I hissed out when I gripped my c**k and stroked it with purpose. My mind floated away to that time we'd had sex in that office during Chad's exhibition. The one where I'd taken her hard due to my intense jealousy of the men that had been fawning after her; panting over her hot, delectable body.

For some reason, memories of her on an office table were some of my favorite ones to recall when I was servicing myself. I muttered something when my mind took me back to Marbella where Sienna had sat luxuriously atop my desk, legs apart, teasing and touching herself to entice me to f**k the living shit out of her, and demolish her, I did. Focusing on how she usually moaned and writhed with my c**k hammering her to oblivion, a deep satisfying grunt came out of me in haste the moment I began to come, taking the edge off. It helped, but I knew the relief would only last me until dinner. When bedtime came, it would be another provoking ordeal to tackle.

Christ. When will I ever stop wanting her like this? As much as I loved being madly in love with her, this constant deep ache in my groin that Sienna alone could satiate was genuinely troubling. It was hard not to think about it when I was with her, but it was a problem I wanted to figure out all on my own. Putting a tight reign on my sexual thirst for her would be a battle of the wills, though I'd rather see myself try than never even make an attempt.

Sienna Richards not only had beauty that made her unique, but she also had a vagina laced with ambrosia; a delicacy for any mortal man as well as their downfall.

Three

Sienna

I strode towards the living room where Chad and Blake were talking about designs while Toby was on his laptop, going back and forth between the discussion and work. Blake was merely sitting back, typing on his phone whilst talking to Chad about his ideas.

"May I interrupt the man of the realm for a second?" I directed to the guys, who basically ignored me already because they were so consumed with whatever crap they were doing.

Blake held out his hand, not glancing at me as he read something on his phone. "Come, sit by me." Taking his hand, I ended up being on his lap, getting his full attention when he placed the phone aside. "What can I do for you, my sweet?"

"I just went through my emails and I got one from the lawyer in LA saying that the court date is set for next week, this coming Wednesday," I informed him, eyes sharp as he took in what I was telling him, knowing he hadn't been all for it when I'd mentioned this before. More importantly, the fact that Kyle Matthews was in LA probably was what worried him most. "I need to go and close that awful chapter of my life."

"Then we'll go together. I want to be there for you, is that all right?" he asked kindly, sounding like he was giving me an option of saying yes or no while he softly rubbed the side of my hips.

It was great to see that he was trying to make it sound like I had the power to say no to him, although in reality, Blake was a control freak who'd gotten so consumed in his jealousy over Kyle that he had been blinded by it. Then again, I was a bit controlling, too, when it came to his past and his conquests. "I'd love for you to be there for me. Thanks, babe. You're the best!"

"I second that sister. 'Bout time you help put that sick monster in a prison cell," Chad exclaimed, evident disgust at the mention of my relatives was written all over his face.

"Sick bastard," Toby supplied, not looking up from his computer.

The thought of seeing any of their faces brought a sudden chill to my body. My nightmares were different now, but the remnants of what the Brown's had left me were forever going to be a part of me. Like a scar, it was there to continue to be a part of me, markings of my journey through the years, leaving a sign for one to always remember what kind of Hell they'd been through before they were freed.

Out in a new world, to survive, to heal, and to learn how to breathe again without pain. To wear those scars proudly and never be ashamed of who and what I was.

I was definitely still learning, though.

~S~

We had arrived yesterday and the forecast for my vagina continued to say it was going to be heavy rain, weeping from acute Knightly Cock withdrawals. It was sad, however how the hell did he expect me to survive when we'd always gotten it on before and now he expected me to instantly become normal when he was this close to me?

Chad stood across the granite countertop and slammed a thick book with post-its and magazine cut-outs sticking out of it. "What's with The-Grinch-Who-Stole-Christmas look, baby love? You and Blakeypoo have a fight?"

I shook my head before I took a sip of my freshly brewed coffee. "No, not that." Chad's eyebrows rose in question, seeking more answers. "The thing is, he doesn't want to be intimate with me. Even kissing is sparse." Shaking my head, I continued on, "What's this?" My hands took hold of the bombarded white notebook.

"Well, if you really need to know, I've been planning my wedding." Chad sheepishly grinned at me, blushing. "I'm going to be married! Can you believe it?"

Silly man. "Of course, I can. Luke is a very lucky man to have a gorgeous guy that has the most forgiving heart."

"You're such a kiss ass, baby love! Thank you, though. I heart you." Chad blew kisses, giddy.

Getting on a serious note, I had to ask a complicated question. "How's Toby?" I inquired lightly, fishing.

Chad rolled his eyes, not pleased at all. "Spanish mole drat is still around."

Say WTF??? "You're joking, right? Even after Blake told him that he used to have sex with her during Christmas? I don't get it."

Chad shrugged, frowning and deep in thought. "They're not getting back anymore, huh?"

He did not just say that out loud. I groaned not wanting to consider the horrid idea. "Don't say that. If there was a couple in this world who belonged to each other, that would be those two! It would be tragic if they didn't find a way to fix things."

"I do hope so. That's all we can do for now."

~S~

"Making up for being bossy with a side of romance tonight, aren't we?" I tried to hide back a smile, but the brimming happiness was too much to withhold. Blake was making an effort and I appreciated it greatly. Yeah, he may be insufferable most of the time, yet when this man loved, he gave me his all with no stipulations and no conditions.

"The past weeks after your accident, I admit I've been overbearing, poppet. I apologize, but I do it all for you. You must know that." He gently plucked me off my feet and carried me inside the Arabian tent before then carefully placing me on a ruby red, silk pillow, facing the sunset. Blake sat next to me, gazing out at the picturesque scene before us, watching as the last rays of the sun dropped low where they were enveloped by the Mediterranean Sea in complete, serene silence.

I was too engrossed in the sunset when I heard him speak quite close to my ear. "I don't know if you've noticed, but I don't sleep well anymore. Every day I worry, and I doubt this will go away until I know they can't hurt you anymore." Blake spoke in such a manner that it tore at my heart.

He was getting obsessed with my safety, I understood that because I did it, too, but he couldn't let it win over us. We were together, however he was mostly stressed out. He didn't voice it, yet his presence alone permeated with it. "I do, too, but we can't live like this. We have to try and live like we used to, babe. We'll figure out a way to deal with it. First, though, you have to promise me that when you're with me, you only think of me, us, and no one else." I shifted my body to face him, cupping his cheeks with my dainty hands. I saw the pain and worry in his beautiful eyes. "I've missed you." Truly, deeply and maddeningly, everyday; I longed for him.

"I know I haven't kissed you much, let alone get close to you like I used to do before, but you must understand the fight I have with myself. It's rather disturbing to still want you so badly even if I know you're injured and in pain. My thoughts have been plagued-" His eyes were questioning when I placed a finger over his lips, stopping him from speaking.

"Blake f**king Knightly. Would you do me the honor to kindly shut the f**k up and kiss me already? I've been bloody ready for you, you daft man." I yanked his shirt open, before my greedy hands sought the chiseled torso that I loved so much.

Blake tried to put a stop to my madness. "Don't rush! I don't want to hurt you!"

"I swear to God, Knightly. If you're not inside me in the next minute, I'll be the one hurting you!" Four weeks. Four long, arduous, agonizing weeks of lusting after him while he took charge of everything. Well, too bad, it was my turn and I wanted him charging inside me, all of him.

So help me God I was going to go ballistic if he turned me down this time.

Four

Blake

"Please, don't," Sienna pleaded, reading me so well. "I need you."

After weeks of curbing my hunger for her, the first stroke of my tongue inside her mouth, tasting her again, was an aphrodisiac that surged into my system, suffusing me with profound need to satiate the gnawing pangs of lust that this woman could only fulfill. "Sienna," I groaned out, fighting against my body to slow down because it wanted to devour her right this instant.

Sienna moaned, pulling me closer as her hand gripped my neck while her other hand squeezed my scrotum, shocking me with acute pleasure. "Let me taste your big cock, tesoro mio." My darling.

Bloody. Wretched. Fuck. I was doomed and I knew it. "Per favore. Not right now, cara."

Sienna was beside herself with desire. "Voglio fare sesso con te!" Let me f**k you.

Where in the world did she learn to speak such filth? It was a bloody symphony to my raging cock. I vowed not to touch her for a month and yet, when she spoke to me that way, I instantly became bewitched and the enchanting witch knew it.

My hand was possessed as it sought passage inside her long dress, climbing and inching higher into her moist, succulent crevice. My finger brushed against the soft lips, parting them. I immediately groaned when a gush of liquid dripped down my finger, slowly trickling down my arm like a bloody faucet. "Dear Almighty, how you kill me, my love," I said in awe, while she simply mewled.

"Lie back and let me do all the work. That's the only way I'm going to let this happen." I eyed her with scrutiny. Even though I was a breath away from exploding in my trousers, she would always come first.

My beautiful wench smiled, licking her bottom lip. "Thank you. I knew the man I fell in love with was in there somewhere." She teased, untying her dress, watching as it dropped around her hips, exposing her flawlessly perfect globes.

I eyed her br**sts with mouth-watering desire. "Oh, don't you dare doubt it, cara. The beast in me could never be tamed, but it bows down to you. My Queen," I said as I watched her do as I asked, slowly lying on her back before she blatantly spread her legs, exhibiting her delicate area; my haven. My hardened c**k blazed, not withstanding the tempestuous fight any longer. "I'm all done fighting," I announced, eyes not straying from her juicy folds as I took care of my pants, sliding them down, freeing my shaft from its confined state.

Her eyes were greedy as she looked at me, avariciously stroking it before I got on my knees and reached for a nearby pillow, sliding it underneath her bottom, cushioning it. Grabbing my length, I used the head to slide across her slit, making her frenzied. "Is this what you've been craving? What you've been demanding for weeks?"

Sienna was past livid, rabid and delirious at the feel of my head expanding her tight opening. "Yes. Yes! Hell to the YES!"

I groaned when my head pierced her channel, but I immediately drew it out, prolonging our sweet agony. Christ, the feel of how her muscles reacted just now, enveloping my throbbing head, was extraordinary. I didn't want to lose control, so I had to coach myself to breathe evenly and not rush into it before I tried it again. This time I took sharp, steady breaths and almost screamed at the top my lungs Hallelujah when the entire swollen head of my c**k lavished on her slick passage.

Gathering ground, I didn't stop until I had most of my length inside her. A month of no sex was seriously evident in the tightness of her walls. I could feel my throbbing c**k expanding her, obliging my shaft to go further until she had no room left for me. "Sienna, I love how your pu**y clamps on my cock. It's a bloody greedy vacuum." It had also just reminded me why I was obsessed with her pu**y.

Sienna was in pure bliss. "I missed this. Don't you dare deny me this again. I would murder your c**k the next time you try," the raving beauty threatened, making my c**k exalt at her power.

Consumed by the powerful web of ecstasy that was taking hold of me, I took hold of her ass, holding it with a death grip before I plunged my shaft back into her, slamming it against her strained cervix, admiring the sight of Sienna gasping as if she'd run out of air while I continued to pick up speed.

"That's it, love, don't let up with your tightened grip around my cock. Keep milking it like that," I huffed out, lost in the sea of pleasure her pu**y was bestowing on me.

"Come inside me, please; I need to feel you come inside me."

I groaned. Her words were lyrical and truly amazing to hear. "You like it when my c**k spills into your womb? Are you that desperate to have my nut?"

"Yes, I'm desperate. I love the feel of you going crazy on my pu**y. I love to see you get lost inside my body," she moaned as I picked up pace, f**king her harder now. "But what I love most, is the feel of you crying out my name, tensing as you unleash your nut inside me, making me yours, marking me with your sacred seed."

BLOODY. FUCK. I was done for.

Complete and utter silence filled me before an angry roar ripped throughout my system as my orgasm howled with thrashing ferocity, taking Sienna along with me as she cried out my name, in tune with my own. It felt like angels were murdering me; the experience was beyond glorious agony, beyond a beautiful pillage, above and beyond a thrilling ride of elation.

My lungs were working overtime as I rolled next to her, holding her face while I breathed into her hair. "You've brought magic into my life, my beautiful witch. Never stop weaving your spells on me. I am enslaved to you, my love, my life, my wife."

She laughed, kissing my nose. "Oh, shut up! I love you, too, Knightly."

Yes, the woman truly appreciated my efforts in wooing her into becoming my wife.

That same night, I had just got off the phone with the London office when I went to look for Sienna. I found her in the bedroom, out on the balcony, leaning against the balustrade while deep in thought.

I came up behind her, gazing beyond at the serene beauty before us before resting my head atop hers. "I'm sorry to cut our vacation short, poppet, however we have to get back to London first thing tomorrow morning. There are some important meetings I couldn't reschedule."

She sighed, taking hold of my hand. "London it is. Time to face the music and dance."

Face the music, yes. The thought made me hold her tighter, wishing death upon those who wanted her gone.

Over my dead, bloody body.

~B~

"I have to be in Brazil when you're going to be in Los Angeles. I'm sorry-I want to be there for you, but I cannot move this meeting. You know I would if I could." I'd been chastising myself for not double-checking my calendar.

She leaned against my shoulder, sighing. "I know, babe. It'll be fine."

It had better be, or I would bring hell to the Browns if they did something to my woman. "Gareth and the security team will tag along with you." I heard her sigh again, knowing quite well how she despised being followed. "This is the only way I know how to deal with this, my love."

"Gareth stays, but the security teams needs to go after LA," Sienna requested, glancing at me with determined eyes.

"That's an unreasonable request! Someone tried to kill you!" Christ. Was she trying to drive me mad?

"Only Gareth, Blake," she threatened, throwing a gauntlet.

This was past unreasonable. The woman simply wished for my early demise. "Or what?" I hissed at her, annoyed at her stubbornness. Her safety was all I ever thought about since it had happened. This was all for her.

"Or I'm moving back to my flat."

"The hell you are! You're not going anywhere!" I thundered out, standing in full height, anger roaring in folds. "You are impossible!"

"Then, I guess I'm moving out."

"You wouldn't bloody f**king dare, Sienna Richards! You're mine and you will do as you're told."

"You're such a brute, Blake. I know why you're doing this, but you don't even try to see it from my point. I don't want to live like this. I'd rather die today, living my life, than live secluded in a gilded prison." She stood up, unyielding. "If this is how it's going to be with you, I'd rather live in my flat where no one would control me or make decisions for me without my consent. I have lived most of my life in pain and in agony, suffering under my aunt and uncle's abuse. I left that prison two years ago and I'm not going back to it; not even for you," Sienna shot the words out before walking towards the end of the cabin and securing herself in the bedroom.

Five minutes after she'd left, I still stood here, aghast at what she'd just spewed at me. How could she even fathom comparing me with the monsters? I was doing this for her safety because I bloody well loved her more than my own life. How could she not understand that? As much as I wanted her happy, her safety was my responsibility. I wasn't going to let up until this nightmare was over. I needed names and I was going to get them.

One by one, I was going to hunt them down. The detectives and investigators I'd hired needed to see me when I got back to London. Focus was needed, and even if I wanted to cater to Sienna's request, I simply couldn't.

Five

Sienna

We were in route to London and my thoughts dwelled on the events that took me away from there in the first place.

London, I'd missed it so much, but I wasn't going to lie that my heart pounded at the thought of what the city held for me. But as I stated before, I wasn't going to cower any longer. Hiding wasn't in the cards for me and I sure as hell wouldn't back down when my life was being threatened.

"So what's it to be? Do you want me to go and move out, Blake?" I raised my brow at him, putting my foot down.

Groaning wretchedly, before he made a tug of his luxurious hair, out and beyond with frustration. "Fine-I'll see what I can do. Sienna..." Blake gazed at me, full of worry. "Promise me you'll be careful? If anything suspicious catches your eye-anything at all, please tell Gareth immediately?"

"Yes, of course." I came over to him, dreadful that he was leaving me for quite sometime. I hugged the life out of him, knowing that I'll be missing his constant presence and nagging like no other. "I'm going to miss you like crazy, boo."

Forty-eight hours later, I was in LA while Blake was in Brazil or somewhere in South America. We arrived last night and the deposition was scheduled at ten in the morning.

Being back in LA, without Kyle was truly odd. But I was going to meet him today in the courthouse. I wasn't sure if I was ready to face any of the Brown's, but I know that I sure was ready to get this over with and put them all in my past.

They have dominated my life for so long, I didn't need to give them the power over me. It's difficult, but I was going to die trying, because I was done living in the shadows.

Gareth and I were exiting the hotel foyer when a familiar form caught my eye.

I gasped, stilling.

"Blake!" I screeched, running towards him before I clung onto his form, squeezing the life out of the damning sexy man. "How did you manage to leave Brazil? I thought you'd be extremely busy?" I asked, my eyes devoured his sexy suit, looking like the ultimate billionaire playboy he was primed to be.

"I love it when you get all excited to see me." He laughed, kissing me full on the lips, not caring about the curious onlookers around. "I was in Brazil and I just flew in. I wanted to see you and to tell you that I love you. I know today is very significant and I wanted to be a part of it, letting you know that I'm here for you even though I won't be physically be there with you, but you'll be in my thoughts, supporting you."

Brownie points, he just earned himself to last a lifetime. "Thank you. Thank you." I kissed him smiling, before kissing the tip of his nose; I peered at the grinning man who flipped my heart a few times in a matter of seconds. "How much time do I have with you before you set off to leave again?"

"I should be heading back now if I want to make it on time with my meetings."

Shit. "You're literally just dropping by to see me and give your support?" For a few minutes...what the freak! I needed more time with him. I was having the worst Knightly withdrawals.

"Of course. Anything for you, cara mia." He leaned over and held me tighter. "I've missed you, so bloody f**king bad, I am in pure agony, amore."

I was too. I'd missed him so much and he was already leaving before he even managed to say hello. "Can I ride with you to the airport? I still have time."

"If you so wish it."

Blake was browsing through his messages as we got into the limo. We barely just pulled into traffic when I pounced on his lap, throwing his phone on the side before I pulled his trouser zipper down, fishing out his half-mast length. I was the ultimate tigress-hungry, pouncing and ready to scratch.

"Bloody f**king God! This is mighty hot. I think I might just want to marry you." Blake uttered in awe, watching me lift my fitted soft pink suit skirt, pushing my French scrap lace thong to the side before I lowered myself slowly, excruciatingly on his hard princely cock.

Throwing my head back, I let out a howling moan, lavishing on his large big dick inside me, loving him more than anything else. "Baby, I can't thank you enough. This is seriously helping me with tension." I smiled before I angled my head to kiss him, riding and rocking his c**k to my carnal indulgence.

I held his face, panting against his parted lips, while his hands are felt like steel, grounding me on his shaft as I became a woman on a mission, riding him like my pu**y depended on his se**n for survival.

"That's it my love. Use it good to soothe your aching cunt. Nurture it, bella mia." Blake placed his thumb on my hot sensitive button and I shot off in a good racketing wave, hyperventilating and quaking on his glorious hard shaft, before he used his hands again to keep rocking him, to keep f**king him until I was shaking, spent and couldn't utter a damn word.

"God, how I have missed you!" I murmured against his chest, slowly rocking him. "I just way to die like this, with you inside me."

Blake bit into my neck, sucking. "Don't stop f**king me until we get to the airstrip."

"Baby, you're going to leave me a hickey!" I tried to move my neck away, but he growled and bit into my neck more. Making me scream, before he wrapped his hands around my neck, pounding in to me.

"Lift your top. I need to see your br**sts bounce. I need to see you." He grunted out, before I followed his orders and pushed my top up, pushing the cups of my bra to the sides, giving him the best vantage. "Perfetto, mia bella."

I was gasping for breath, but Blake tightened his choke on my neck, before I closed my eyes and surrendered to him-his strength to deliver me into my release, shaking me inside out. Blake placed his hands on my hips, relentless in his own completion.

"Fuck, I love spilling into you. Mine. This cunt is mine." He bellowed out, tensing as he came inside me, biting my neck as he did so. "My wife," he whispered, giving smooth kisses to the spots he marred his teeth with. "I love you."

"I love you too, but did you really need to leave me a hickey? That was intentional!" I fumed, having a hard time pushing through with my anger with him because he looked so gorgeous with his half-lids closed, satiated from sex and his voice lowered down a notch. It was impossible! "You're being too territorial."

"There's only one woman in this world for me, and that you. There are millions of men who are after gorgeous women like you. Could you really blame a man for trying to protect what's his?" His eyes glimmered; biting his bottom lip, thumb circling my nipple. "Ready for round three?"

Jesus. "Already?"

Blake raised his brow, expanding his c**k inside me. "What do you think?"

"You called me your wife?" I questioned, out of the blue.

He hid back a smile. "Why, aren't you?" He bit that damning bottom lip again, smolder-sex-face was on. "Don't you see me as your husband?"

He may look playful now, but I knew he was serious inside. Businessmen equaled conniving. "Blake-"

He placed a finger on my lip, stopping me from speaking. "Make love me to me, cara. That's all I want right now."

We made love, until it was time for him to get off the limo. When it was time to part with him, I got teary. "Be safe, please. I love you."

"Always, cara." He kissed me for the last time. "Ti amo." He gave me one of his bright dashing smile before turning to address Gareth behind him, who was in the another SUV, with Blake's security. "Take care of my wife."

I watched as he climbs the stairs of his jet. "Hey, Knightly!" I whistled. He paused and twisted his neck and nodded towards me. "Don't forget to bring your sexy ass in London soon." I grinned. "Oh, by the way, I own that ass! So behave." I yelled, feeling sad but happy.

Blake was smiling, before I knew it, he was almost running back towards me, lifting me up and kissed me thoroughly. "There's no need to remind me, I know I'm yours." He kissed me again, sighing heavily. "How about you think about marriage to me while I'm gone, huh?"

Marriage again. This man never stopped. "Alright, I 'll about it."

"Please do." Blake hugged me for the last time, before boarding the jet. He blew me a kiss when he saw me staring at him through the little window.

I smiled, shaking my head. "Okay, time to get myself to court."

~S~

As I watched the streets of LA past before me, I got nostalgic. This city, I grew up to love because of one person, Kyle. I haven't seen him in months and I honestly couldn't wait to catch up with him.

Imagine my surprise when Kyle was out in the shade waiting for me to arrive. I asked the driver to stop the car, so I could get out and greet him. "Hey! How are you stranger?" I ran and hugged the living crap of him.

"Si-" Kyle swallowed, looking at me like he wanted to devour me, but knew he shouldn't even try.

"Thanks for coming out. I think I'm so ready to get this over with." I studied him, before reaching out to touch his cheek. "It's good to see you-really."

His eyes were intense as he took me in, before his eyes flickered on my neck, nothing the marks Knightly left. "Your uncle died of a heart attack last night." He took my hand and held it. "The burial is in four days. I'm not sure if you'd want to attend that, but I thought you should know."

He died... how convenient. Just when justice was going to be served in a cold dish, he dies. I wanted nothing to do with them. Why should I really care? They never did for me. "I think I'm just going to head back out to London. I don't want my aunt to look for me and blame me of his death."

Kyle nodded before giving me the longest hug ever. "Take care, Si. Maybe I'll get to see you soon. I'll call you."

I planted him a kiss on the lips. Just a quick peck like how I do with Chad, but Kyle backed away, like I burned him or something. Okay... "Yeah, I'll see you. Take care."

After a quick phone call from the lawyer, I was now ready to leave. I really hoped that the person who worked for my uncle gets some justice and on top of that gets some monetary compensation. What my uncle did was unjustifiable. I hope his company will get taken down if the secretary did pursue and won't stop until the company was no more.

~S~

"Gareth, I want to know what your opinion is about what happened to me." I paused, eyeing him with scrutiny before adding, "From a friend to a friend."

"Wretched, each time I think about it, I feel bloody wretched. Knowing that we hadn't a clue what we're facing here, I did a bit of digging. I hope you don't mind, Miss Sienna, but I've been reading up a lot on Mr. Knightly's background and his life."

My curiosity piqued. "And?"

"And there's a lot of women that would wish you... gone." Gareth said the word gone in a tone that gave me goosebumps all over. "Although, there were a few who stood out, like Ivanna, Amelia and Miss Camilla Clayworth; his ex-betrothed."

Three big names; ones I'd thought of as well. "Whoever pushed me down the stairs, do you think they meant serious harm or did they want to warn me?"

"Miss Sienna-" he started, but I paused him before continuing.

"Please, just call me Sienna."

Gareth's brown eyes studied me a second before sighing. "All right, Sienna. Can I tell you something, but have you promise me we'll keep it between us?"

Shit. I swallowed, daunted from his tone. "I promise, whatever I hear from your lips, won't be repeated with anyone else."

"Thank you," he said, stirring the contents of his coffee, studying it with utmost care. It took him half a minute to proceed. "Mr. Knightly hired several teams to investigate the accident and I was told to stay away since I wasn't really there at the time it had occurred so I respected that, even though I felt like I'm responsible for your fall. Had I been there, this wouldn't have occurred, yet you're a very persistent woman and had Mr. Knightly under your thumb that evening so I gave in to your request." Gareth leveled his gaze with mine, serious and cautious with his words. "The next day, my cousin-who actually works at the bar at the very same hotel-called me. His call didn't surprise me due to the occurrence being pretty much the only thing the employees discussed ever since it had all happened." He paused, again. "He informed me that he might've met one of the suspects. He served a drink to a Middle Eastern man who ordered fizz at the bar. Finding it bizarre, he shrugged it off and gave him his order, however what caught his attention not long after was how his eyes pretty much kept scanning the crowd, as though they were studying, or possibly looking for, someone in particular. It could be the other person involved or he was keeping an eye on you."

"The Middle Eastern man could've been someone's date at the Gala. What time did your cousin say this was? I ordered a drink at the bar, too. That was when I was handed the note actually..." I trailed off, trying to rehash the memories that played through my head. For weeks, I had recalled most of the events in my memory, though I hadn't really focused on the bar or the people that were there.

Gareth shook his head before he tried to explain himself again. "True, my cousin mentioned the man wearing a tux, but why would he order a non-alcoholic drink at a bar? He barely drank any of it because he had been so preoccupied with looking around."

Now my heart was galloping wildly. Gareth was right. The man did sound fishy. "Can I meet your cousin? I want to speak to him. He might have more clues that could help me."

"They aren't allowed to speak to anyone that isn't part of the team Mr. Knightly hired. Calling me about it already crossed that line. I'm not sure he'd be willing to cross it twice without getting in a lot of trouble, Sienna."

I had to speak to him. "Well, assure him that I will make sure he doesn't get in trouble. If he will, tell him that I will ensure Blake won't jeopardize anything for him."

He nodded, sipping his coffee. "I'll make the call when he lands in London." Gareth then looked amused. "I'm sure he'd be thrilled to know that there's a woman out there that could bring Mr. Knightly to his knees." When he saw my raised brow, he explained, "Blake Knightly is not only wealthy, but he's one who has a lot of influential connections in the country. He's a very powerful man, and let's just say, most people prefer to be on his good side. I have heard how vicious and cruel he can be in the business world, although he seems more terrifying in the outside arena. I wonder, sometimes, how you made him... I think the word I'm looking for is subdued?"

I couldn't help it, I had to laugh at that. Little ole me had one of the most sought after bachelors in England crazy in love with me. "Would you believe it if I tell you that he befriended me, knowing his intent, and waited until I broke up with my boyfriend? Let's just say that he's one of those kinds of men that never gives up until options A to Z are exhausted."

"He's very much in love with you, Sienna. Mr. Knightly is a good man. I think there's no other woman that would suit him better than you. It's pleasant to see a strong willed, all kinds of smart and very put together man go bonkers for his lady."

"One day, you'll know what means to have the same thing," I referred to what he'd told me about not really being in to love and marriage because his fiancee had proved how deceitful love could be.

"Not holding my breath for that to come," he muttered as he stood and readied to leave for the airport.

"Never say never, buddy." I grinned at him, making him shake his head as if I had lost my mind.

It was true, though. I thought Kyle had been the man for me-my everything-and when he'd called to tell me he was seeing another woman, I thought my world had crashed with no hope for a future, but how wrong had I been? Little did I know that my life had barely begun. That my life would brighten the second Blake pursued me and showed me what true love was. The insane, insecure, the complacent and all the other words in the dictionary that would describe all sorts of highs as well as their opposites, because that's what it was; everything. When you fell in love, you gave your all-your everything-to this one particular person. You gave them the power to hurt you, though sometimes, a person simply had to get over their fears of getting hurt again because, most times, the things that had been so scary, were the ones that were the most worthwhile.

Blake Knightly was a drug I had been hesitant to try, touch or even consider, but Lord, the second I got a taste; there were no chances of me turning away. Blake didn't let go of his hold until he'd securely wormed his way into my heart; making me fall for him while also making me feel how he truly felt for me.

So, I had braced for the impossible.

Six

Sienna

Without Blake for a month, we had compromised a lot to get in touch and set times for our video calls. It was difficult, however I wanted to make the best of it. Blake worked rigorous hours and, if I planned to spend the rest of my life with him, I had to accept it at the same time that I attempted to make it the best for both of us.

I was set to start my first day at my new internship for a PR firm that had barely started about six months ago. The owners were two socialites and I wanted to see if this was a part of the marketing world I wanted to delve into. While Fashion Marketing had a lot to offer, I wanted to make sure that, when I did choose which sector I wanted to work in, I wouldn't change my mind.

Stella von Berg and Lucia Pisano were an interesting duo that owned and had founded the firm, SandL PR, which hosted after parties for movies or award shows as well as doing club promotions and launch parties. Stella was around my age while Lucia was only a year older. Both women were always chicly dressed and shared great enthusiasm concerning their new endeavor. I was more than grateful that they had decided to take me onboard without any specific experience within this particular field.

I would only work three times a week after classes and occasionally on a Saturday when there was an event that we were hosting, though it looked like we were pretty much booked for quite some time. Nevertheless, I was psyched and couldn't wait to start this new venture.

Pulling my phone out, I texted Chad and Lucy about how my day of classes had gone. Just when I was about to put it back in my purse, though, it started to ring.

Kyle.

Smiling, I answered the phone. "Hey, you!"

Life was starting to finally look up.

~S~

Hurrying, I was busy with getting ready for work when I heard a knock on my door. "Yes?"

"Miss Sienna, you have-eh, um... delivery." Freya looked discomfited, not quite so sure.

Giving her a quick smile, I thanked her. "Great. Thanks, Freya! I'll be right out."

I was still distracted when I came out of the room, however I immediately halted my stride when I saw what was before me.

I was confused at first then what I was staring at finally clicked into recognition. "Holy Mary, Mother of God! What the f**k!" I swore harshly as rage sprouted out of every pore.

It was a standing funeral wreath shaped like a cross. The white lilies and roses were dyed black, adding a more eerie effect.

For the dearly departed whore,

Sienna Richards.

May you rest in peace.

"Mother. Fucking. Bitch!" I screeched, shaken as I searched for the sender's address, but there was none to be found. The wreath only came with that empty white card with those selective chosen words to drive home their message loud and clear that someone wanted me dead. This, coupled with the incident of being pushed down the stairs, was a warning or a sign that my days were numbered.

Did they truly expect me to run like a scared little bunny? For me to cower and hide for the rest of my life? Well, too bad. They'd chosen the wrong woman to frighten and mess with because I was far from scared. That feeling had become so much a part of me that I felt at home with it.

Blake Knightly; the man that this woman wanted. Well, let me show you just how much Blake loves me, I thought wickedly, wanting to provoke whoever was threating me with death. I caught sight myself in the mirror on the wall, and without preamble, I surrendered to my fate.

"Go to hell, bitch! He's mine," I angrily said to my reflection before yanking my necklace out from where the token that would drive this person mental had been hiding; if the person in question was, of course, in love with Blake. What other great way was there to tell this bitch to go f**k herself and her tactics than wearing Blake's ring?

Blake is mine.

I was going to make that shit known.

Fuck preservation.

~S~

Almost eight hours later, a hand grabbed me from behind and kissed the curve of my neck.

Blake. I spun around and found him grinning down at me.

"Blake! You crazy man! What are you doing here? Weren't you in New York when I spoke to you this morning?"

"I was... but I had to come and see you for a few hours. I needed to see you.... because..." He cleared his throat, strangely serious all of a sudden. "Sienna? Did you happen to accept my proposal without telling me?"

I blinked a few more times as we gazed at each other. His question threw me off. I was a little dumbfounded. "Erm, where did you hear this information?"

Blake looked sheepish a moment before he answered my question, "I saw you wearing my ring... through a video surveillance."

Huh?

Flabbergasted, I croaked out, "What video?"

He studied me for a few seconds, gauging my reaction before responding in a calm voice. "I hired a security team to shadow you around. I call them once a day through Facetime so I can see what you're doing. I'm sorry I haven't mentioned it, but it was the only solution I know of that would allow me to sleep at night."

Heck, this man was driving me insane. "I thought we had this discussion already, Blake!"

Blake's magnetic eyes flickered back and forth, pleading with mine. "I'm truly sorry. Being sneaky about it made me feel wretched, though you must understand, I did all this for you, Sienna. Everything I do is for you. Do you not see that?"

Son of a gun, now what? Sighing, I lightly punched his chest. "Well, at least you had the decency to have them as far away from me as possible." With a pounding beat of my heart, I took hold of his hand, kissing the inside before cradling it against my cheek. "Your love for me is very overwhelming, but I wouldn't have it any other way because I wouldn't want to be engaged to a man who isn't obsessed with me." I looked at him, baring my soul. "I know being with me is tough. I'm crazy. I don't think before I speak sometimes. I'm insecure and in dire need of attention from you constantly. My past hounds me and, to this day, I'm still recovering from the effects of my abuse. So yeah, I'm pretty messed up." I tried to give him a smile, yet it ended up being more than a little shaky. "Through my insufferable deficiencies and betrayal, you're still here, never letting up about marriage." Letting out a huff, I continued, "I want to wear your ring, but I still stand behind my reason about holding off the wedding until I've finished what I set out as my goals. If you're not-"

"Shut the hell up, woman, and come here!" Blake yanked me so hard that I pounded against his chest before he kissed me thoroughly; his love, his reason and his purpose were captured with each kiss. Each stroke of his hot, relentless tongue against mine ignited my body, consuming it with fired passion. "I don't care if I have to wait a century to see you walk down the aisle coming towards me. All I care about is that it will happen someday. Knowing that your heart, body and soul are mine and only mine is proof enough." He swiftly lifted me up and we kissed like maniacs before we fell on the bed, ripping each other's clothes off. "Hell, I intended to take this slow, but the second you tore my dress shirt, cara, you unleashed something in me," Blake gritted out, the animalistic way he bit my pu**y before he tore the lace off, got me beyond wet.

Blake's rigid length seized me in one rough stroke, making me gasp at the sheer size of him. Every single time he slid into me, I was amazed at the profound feel of him. I was past delirious when he focused on my neck, biting me as he plowed into me. Precisely. Turbulently.

"The need to bury my c**k inside your sweet cunt and flood it with my cum is all I f**king think about," he growled, f**king me with every ounce of that purpose evident. "God help me, but I'm going to destroy this sweet pu**y of yours."

Oh.

My.

Hell.

Keep the words rolling, I silently begged as my body became consumed by the intense love this domineering alpha male was bestowing me. "I love you, Knightly," I choked out, meaning each word with every fiber in me, knowing that this was where I wanted to be, with him. I had everything. Yes, this man was truly, irrevocably, mine and no bitch would take him away from me.

"Sienna," Blake whispered, halting the roll of his hips while he throbbed within my hot core and his eyes searched mine as if sensing the emotional hurdle I was going through. Those tantalizing orbs looked dark, though the gold bursts were visibly apparent; the epitome of windows into his soul that trapped me so easily. "I love you." His thumb caressed the side of my cheek before it captured the small tear that slid down the side of my face. "My body, heart and soul are yours, amore. I have been waiting for you. You don't know how deliriously happy you've made me." He slowly kissed the tears that were unstoppable now due to my getting choked up by all the overwhelming emotions that were racketing through me.

With my joyous tears, we kissed. It was a kiss full of promise, full of hope and love.

This moment was mine. The people who wanted to take it away could go f**k themselves.

Now my only problem was how to tell Blake about the interesting delivery.

Seven

Blake

"Are you in your flat?" Toby asked, sounding strained and coarse.

"Just about. I'm on my way up," I said as I got out of my car and inserted the keys into my pocket.

"Good. Good. I'll see you in twenty," Toby hesitantly said.

Was something the matter? "Twenty it is." Cutting the call, I went straight to the lift. A few minutes later, I arrived inside my flat. The throaty, melancholy sounds of Adele greeted me while I navigated my way towards the source of the music.

It was in the kitchen where I found her, on her laptop with coffee and biscotti as expected. Her back was to me; therefore I took my time basking and admiring Sienna from this view.

Coming home to her surely was one of my favorite things to do. Although parting with her when I left for yet another business trip, was my least favored one. This feeling of intoxication, and the sense of completeness within my soul, told me that this was my life's purpose; to respect, to honor and protect this woman with my undying love, to protect her with my life.

Sienna was my life. My fate centered in this very room, with this very woman.

The thought of losing her had been pounding constantly in my head, like an inkling that tragedy was nearing and I should be aware of it. If they attempted again and they became successful... I'd die with her. Some might see this as a cowardly act, however it certainly made sense to me. How did one live with half a soul? Being half a man? Or even try living with a missing piece of your heart? It was abominable and ungodly to comprehend.

Slowly strolling towards her, a blissful smile pasted on my face when I saw her exit her browser and searched for another file, giving me a glimpse of her screensaver; me, naked, sleeping with her silk robe draped around my private area. She then doctored the photo and wrote MINE over the robe. Back in the day, I used to ponder much of the time whether she felt the same for me, but now, I knew she was just as crazy, just as nonsensical, just as bewitched as I was with her.

"Il mio cuore. La mia vita. Il mio tutto." My heart. My life. My everything, I spoke as I wrapped my arms around her, lips trailing kisses around her soft neck, groaning when I smelled her scent. "Ti amo tanto." I love you so much.

"You're home," Sienna sighed, leaning against my chest before she twisted her neck to kiss me. Her hand was stroking the side of my face as our kiss deepened.

With the softness of her body against mine, the very taste of her lips and the scent of her, it took all the power in me not to consume her on the spot. "Toby is on his way up. We shall continue this reunion the second he leaves." I grunted when she bit my lip, gently sucking it.

Sienna's eyes twinkled. "You promise?" she purred, tempting my libido to go haywire.

"I'm not about to promise you that, cara, because promises were made due to one's common inability to deliver what was expected from the person." I nibbled on her lobe, slowly growling from the growing need in my groin. "Your man is a man of action and I can clue you in on just how good he may be."

"Well I have some extra time."

Hell. I seriously had forgotten my friend's call. "Bollocks. Toby's on his way over. He said he wanted to speak to me. Could it wait until later? I've missed you."

"Alright, I'll go ahead and work on these and you go ahead to talk to him. I'll go ahead and pop in to say hi soon." She kissed me, grinning.

I playfully bit into her neck before I finally let go of her, to go meet my friend who should be here any second now. As expected, he was prompt, always on time.

Toby emerged from the lift, looking like a ghost of himself. Frowning with concern, I scanned his face, as he got closer. "Mate, you all right?"

Toby's blue eyes looked stormy when he shook his head as he strode past me and plopped on the cushion. "Amelia is with child."

"Blasted f**k! You're not serious? Tell me you didn't shag her after Courchevel?" I questioned, and when he didn't meet my gaze, it merely confirmed the answer for him.

"I spoke to her family last night." Toby finally lifted his face, eyes desolate. "I'm set to marry her in two weeks time back in Spain. I was hoping you'd stand next to me at the altar?"

"Marriage? To that heartless bitch? No bloody, f**king way, Watson!" I thundered out, past angry; knowing quite well that Amelia was using all weapons to secure him. The bloke had simply walked into a life sentence when he kept shagging that woman after what had happened in France.

"Lucy," I muttered, thinking about the only woman who my friend loved more than himself, knowing that this was going to break both of them.

"Lucy doesn't want me; or have you forgotten? Besides, everything is set. All I have to do is show up at the location they want me to show up and it will be done. My family's flying to Spain next week to get to know them," Toby huffed out, looking like he was having a difficult time breathing.

"Shit, Toby!" Sienna screeched behind me, walking towards Toby before hugging him, tears falling from her eyes. "Think this through; once you go through this, there's no going back."

"What's the point? The woman I love doesn't want to be with me so why not marry for the sake of my child? I want something to live for, Sienna. My life's been really bleak since she left; I'm shattered and pretty much gutted that she could survive living without me." He gave a dry chuckle, shaking his head as if he'd gone mad, which he truly had from where I was standing. "Hell, wouldn't it be odd if I ended up falling for Amelia in the end? What a twist that would be."

"You've completely gone mental, mate, if you're wishing for one second to fall in love with a trollop." I paced, moving towards the windows, barely managing to contain the turmoil inside. "Let me speak to her father. Just tell me you don't want to go through this farcical arrangement and I will fix it for you." Toby was my best friend; one that I could always count on, no matter what, and I wasn't going to let him go into a trap of a marriage because the woman was with child. I was sure Amelia Mendoza and her family had a price.

"Bloody hell you will, Knightly!" Toby thundered out, frustrated. "She carries my child. Why shouldn't I be a part of that?" He looked away, calming down. "Besides, Amelia isn't all that bad. She just needs getting used to. At least she couldn't get enough of me in the bedroom. I suppose that's a decent incentive."

Hearing him now, I could truly see that he was giving up on Lucy. The prideful blonde beauty would certainly be affected when she heard the sad news, although the real question was, would she finally come to her senses and beg him to come back?

~B~

"Babe?" Sienna crawled closer, kissing my jaw before sighing. "Can we talk... about Kyle?"

Cristo Santo! I tensed, knowing that this was not a subject I wanted to discuss with her when I hadn't seen her in weeks. "What about Matthews?" I hissed out, closing my eyes and thinking that I was going to detonate soon. Each time I heard his name, the devil in me took over and I simply wanted to tear him apart, limb by limb, until he was no more. The man was the scalawag who'd tried to take her away from me. The thought of him shagging her erupted like a blasted outbreak of hives. Jesus, Mary and Joseph, I was going to be in a shambles soon if I kept on going with this off-putting tribulation.

"He arrived yesterday. I know how you feel about him and I don't blame you for feeling and reacting the way you do each time you hear his name." Sienna pushed herself up with her hand, watching me while her face contorted with pain. "I'm still going to see him and have him as a part of my life."

The hell she was! "You ought to be joking, surely? After what's happened due to that cretin's relentless meddling, you still want to see him?"

"I know this angers you, but you must understand that he's been my best friend since I was young. He was my rock, and at one point, he was my everything."

Bloody f**k! Will he ever go the f**k away? He was such a vile creature that my tongue couldn't even manage to utter his name without my detonating. I loathed the man that much.

Sienna cupped my face, slowly guiding it to meet her gorgeous eyes. "I love you. The depth of my feelings cannot be fully expressed because words aren't enough. I know it's not fair, however I have to ask something of you that will be extremely difficult to do. I want you both to get along and be civilized with one another."

"Like bloody hell I would be conversing with that twit!" I grated out, growling as I slid off the bed, naked. The effervescent high I had been on after making love to Sienna had certainly worn off. She was asking for the impossible! In my blasted foul mood, I went inside my walk-in closet, pulling off a pair of black, drawstring pants and putting them on before striding towards the bedroom again.

Sienna was still on the bed with the sheet barely concealing her nakedness, aggrieved at my reaction. "Blake?"

Even when my insides were being wrung about, twisted like a bloody tornado, I still went to her side and gave her forehead a peck. "I'm going to be in my study." I would quite possibly drown my sorrows away and murder Matthews in my head a million times while I was at it.

"Don't shut me out, please. Don't do this."

"I need to think. I promise you, we'll discuss this tonight."

She nodded in agreement. "I love you."

"And I, you, mi amore." Someway, I had to find a solution to this problem. Kyle Matthews being welcomed into my home, spending holidays with us, being a part of our lives. The thought was enough to put me into overdrive. I needed a drink to douse my body in liquid fire because I was going mad. This was one of the keys to making Sienna happy. I had to do what was best her. What was best for us. I knew this, yet I was still having a hard time capitulating to the very idea.

Two hours later, I was still in my study, pondering what Sienna had bombarded me with as well as the major catastrophe that was Toby's life.

As for Kyle, even though he was the vile cretin who'd tried to break us apart, he was part of Sienna's life before, so some way- somehow-I had to find a common ground to stand on with him and to put away the hatred that I felt for him, just to make Sienna happy. By far, this was the hardest thing I had ever considered, though for the woman I loved, I'd walk through Heaven and Hell just to put a smile on her face. As long as she was mine, as long as Kyle knew where he stood, I could somehow tolerate him, but only for a shortened amount of time.

Toby, on the other hand, was a man who was simply lost. I understood his situation most because it felt like it had been just yesterday when Sienna had broken up with me and left for LA with Matthews. That feeling of dejection and worthlessness rotted you from the inside out and utterly poisoned your way of thinking. It was a wretched thing, however it happened to the best of us.

Finally, I decided to retire for the night and join Sienna. I had promised that we'd speak tonight and I intended to fulfill that. Our relationship was shifting and I wanted it to be a mature one. We had played enough games to last a lifetime and I certainly did not want to carry that into our marriage.

Entering our bedroom, she had lit a candle. The smell of roses in bloom was enticing to the senses. Smiling, I quickly glanced at the sleeping form on the mattress before going for a quick shower. Ten minutes later, I was ready to move past another hurdle.

Pulling her against me, I breathed her in, knowing that my decision was the right one. Anything to make her happy, I would gladly do. "Sienna?"

"Babe," she responded in a tone, which was raspy from sleep.

"You can be friends with Matthews as long as you two will keep it at that level. I'm taking this monumental step forward, for you as well as for our future. I beg of you, don't let me down this time because, if that ever happened again, I would never be able to take you back." I wasn't trying to sound threatening, although it seemed to come out that way. It was true, though; I wasn't going to tolerate one more mishap. Never again.

Sienna slowly spun around, facing me with bewildered eyes. "I'm not going to cheat on you. I'm not capable of hurting you like that ever again. You know that, don't you?"

Did I? Maybe, maybe not. I wasn't so sure, really. "I don't know, cara."

"I promise, but I will show you that you can trust my word for it." She circled her arm around my body, tugging me close as she breathed on my chest. "You're all I need." She kissed my neck, gently trailing down to my stomach, making me tense with the anticipation of what my lovely woman had in store for me tonight. "You're my it, Blake."

"Sienna," I gutted out, voice almost wispy from the adrenaline that my body was experiencing when she expertly pulled my c**k out of my brief's hole and toyed with the head of my shaft. Her hand stroked me, not fervently; instead she used a measured, leisured pace and simply didn't appear to be in any kind of hurry. While her hand was busy tending to my length, we ended up on our sides before Sienna flung her leg over my hip and nestled my throbbing member on her slick core, touching, though not penetrating.

"Thank you for loving me the way you do, Blake." The enchantress hungrily kissed me, hands gripping the back of my head as she rocked back and forth in such a deliriously rhythmic manner, I was having a hard time fighting myself not to spin her on her back and enter that enticing sweetness of hers.

"Kiss me. I want to see how long you'd survive without sex," she moaned against my lips and her breathing hitched when the tip of my c**k paused at her entrance before slipping back down.

Fuck. Me. To. Hell. And. Back. A violent growl emanated from me as I swiftly rolled her onto her back and plunged into her in one maddening, obliterating stroke. "Sienna!" I bellowed, pounding her harder as she started shaking from her orgasm. I was like a man hell bent on something to prove. I couldn't, for the life of me, stop annihilating this glorious beauty that had owned my heart from the very beginning. I simply wanted her every moment of every day. To consume her. Love her. It wasn't hard to comprehend that I was proudly addicted to her. "Mine, you're mine. No more other men, Sienna." I ached, saying the words out loud.

"I promise. There'll be no one," she panted out, barely coherent before I pulled out and entered her tight rectum.

"Bloody f**k. Each f**king hole is bound to my cock. Do you hear me?" I growled in her ear, tensing as my insides tightened, draining all blood to one particular spot, my groin. I held back as much as I could, stroking her until I couldn't any longer. With an earth-shattering howl, I pummeled her one more time before I released all of my seed into her, while she tightened around me, sucking the life out of me to the very last drop while I panted into her ear. "No more, amore."

Sienna captured my lips, kissing me. "It's only you now, Blake. From here on out, I swear to you-my life, my parents-that I'm yours."

Closing my eyes, I nodded, smiling against her lips as our noses touched. Her words were enough to warm my heart.

Eight

Blake

"Here, let me help you make this outfit complete." I murmured behind her, before I took out the necklace I had made for her, loving how shocked her was at my extravagant present.

"Blake!"

Her reaction was what I aimed for. It was worth everything-it was what I lived for, thrived for. "What do you think? They mined this when I was there in Australia and after I found out, I had it made for you. Pink diamonds are rare just like the woman I'm so crazy in love with."

"Uhuh-there's no need to milk for brownie points. You've earned enough." Her eyes very bright as she admired the intricate diamond design of the jewelry, but most of all the large size that sat in the middle of it. "It's so beautiful," she murmured, before spinning around to face me. "Thank you. Now if you could just get us through the night without being robbed, I'd gladly appreciate it."

Reaching for her hand, we walked towards the elevator and then out to get my car. Now in my Vanquish, we headed towards where Chad held his wedding in South Kensington. My thoughts dwelled on my friend, feeling his pain.

"How positive is he that the child is his?" Sienna blurted the question, glancing at me.

This was the first thing that popped in my mind, but before he agreed to marriage, they had one done. "It's his. The DNA results sealed the deal."

She took a sharp breath, before cursing. "What the hell! He should've wrapped his tool each time, especially with her! God! Men and sex, they don't ever think straight!"

I gripped the wheel, bothered. I knew she was talking about Toby, but I felt like she was targeting me too. "I assure you, I made sure mine was covered and protected." I was referring to that time we broke it off, and I went wonky.

Sienna looked out the window, not saying a word.

"Sienna?"

She didn't glance at me, purposely ignoring my question, but when she did ask, I was skirting on thin ice. "How many women are we talking about, Blake? Roughly."

How many? Hell. How as I to know? A man doesn't count how many women he's slept with unless he was a wanker or a loser, I'm neither of those. "Roughly-and I'm really emphasizing on the word here-about one a night-if they don't bring a friend or two. Some I shagged a few times afterwards, so I'm not so sure what the number is."

Sienna reached for my hand, before giving me a small sad smile. "I thought as much."

"Are you mad?" I asked cautiously. "I knew I threw a major fit with Kyle, but I also knew that there was only him and no one else. I would understand if you would be upset by it."

She grabbed my thigh and squeezed it. "Do you really want to go through one of those fights? I'd rather not. That was exhausting. I think we've moved past it. Even though the thought makes me sad and yes, even angry, I can't hold it against you. You were single then, you were just living the bachelor life."

The relief of hearing her say that was uplifting. Broken-hearted men, sex and alcohol-those factors came hand and hand. It was a horrible experience I would gladly not want to revisit.

We were handling things rationally. Compared to last year, this was truly a different level of compromise and understanding.

"You're the only one in my mind, cara. You never left it ever since you came in the picture, back in Toby's apartment. I just want you to know that." I knew it wasn't necessary, but I needed her to see, her and understand that she was it. She was the only woman I wanted, needed and loved.

"I know." She finally smiled at me. "How do you think I'd survive the thoughts, hmm?"

Christ, I do love the hell out of this woman.

Nine

Sienna

"Hey, Luce! You're late!" I glared at her, but the second our eyes met, I regretted the tone I had used with her. "What's wrong, babe?"

"I just heard; he's not really getting married in two weeks, is he?" Lucy sounded flabbergasted, as though she couldn't believe it either.

"He is." I cupped her jaw, looking directly into her blue eyes, pleading with her. "Talk to him, Luce. You're the only one he'll listen to. He loves you dearly. Hell, I'm sure he's just waiting to hear from you."

"How the hell do I f**king face him after knowing this? He got her pregnant, Sienna! From where I'm standing, he can have the filthy tramp to spend the rest of his life with!" Lucy flashed her eyes at me.

"Lucy, he's already going through so much... feel a little sympathy for him," I urged the angered woman as she looked around and took in everything. Chad's theme was hot pink, black and white. The whole place was decorated in that fashion; even the swans had bowties in those colors.

"Lucy! Where the hell have you been? How dare you be late to my wedding!" Chad pouted as he walked into the room before he hugged her. "I have ten minutes so if you want to cry, you can do it now, honey." He patted her back as he tried to soothe her.

Lucy gave a small, tight smile before she pulled herself off him and kissed him on the lips. "Silly man, I'm not about to breakdown on your wedding day, love." Lucy then glanced at me thoughtfully. "Can you believe this bloke is getting married before us?" She laughed, teary.

I closed the gap and hugged them both. "We love you and we're so happy that we get to spend this amazing day with you, Chad."

Chad groaned, huffing. "Seriously, baby loves, I'm about to cry." He sniffed again, patting the sides of his eyes. "As much as I love you both, I'm not about to ruin my make-up. Hello!" He tried to laugh it off, but his tears were unstoppable. "Oh, shit cakes! Where's my Mighty Knightly? Maybe a good boner will make me stop crying." Give it to Chad to make us crack into boisterous laughter before our tears could really start.

Chad hugged the living crap out of us as we laughed a bit more. "I love you!" He kissed my lips before he bounced to Lucy's face and announced the same sentiment before kissing her again. "My beautiful she-devils!"

"Did I just hear you call my fiancee a devil, Chad?" Blake strode in with Toby. Both men looked dashing, but it was Blake's possessive gaze towards me that made all the difference. It simply made me unbelievably attracted to him; there was a gravitational pull of desire between us.

Chad had his mouth ajar and started jumping like a four-year-old by the time I turned my attention back to him. "Get the f**k out, Sienna!" He squealed and pulled on my arm that held the engagement ring I had been hiding in between my br**sts before all the drama had made me realize where I should have been wearing it all along. "OMG, girl, congratulations!" He drooled over the ring before he winked at Blake. "Wow, did you ever seal the deal with some major bling, Blakey-poo!"

Lucy tapped his head before congratulating us both on the engagement. I noticed the whole time that Toby hadn't said anything and, when I did glance at him, his eyes hadn't left Lucy.

Pulling away from them, I went and took hold of Toby's hand to let him join in the fun.

"Hey! Smile a little, munchkin. How can you walk me down the aisle with a scowl?" Chad directed at Toby, who tried to look happy for him.

Chad was going to have Blake and Toby walk him down the aisle. He said he hadn't felt the need to invite his parents since they'd never really supported him after he'd come out of the closet. Both men were honored to walk him down the aisle and, of course, Chad wanted to be the center of attention, which he certainly would with these two dapper men at his sides.

"Blimey, Chad. I am. Inside. Doesn't that suffice?" Toby said before he caught Lucy's gaze and their eyes locked. "Luce, it's good to see you again. You look stunning as always."

"Thank you," Lucy responded in an icy manner. "Is it true? You're getting married with a baby on the way?" Man, she did not hold back. The three of us watched as the former golden duo sparred with their words and eyes. The tension was beyond palpable.

"It's in two weeks' time. You are all invited," Toby said calmly, but the veins on the side of his neck were bulging, instantly making his anger evident. He was in love with Lucy, but the stubborn, demented woman wouldn't take him back.

"How quaint; an instant family! Congratulations! I hope it's all you've ever hoped for and all you have ever dreamt of. I'm sure Amelia is delighted to be pregnant." Lucy's barbed words shot out of her mouth.

Toby shook his head before responding to her. "No, it wasn't what I had dreamt of having. Not even close. I'll try to make the most out of it, though. Amelia isn't all that bad. She truly adores me and, in some way, I like that about her. I don't have to constantly fight about getting my way because she agrees with me." He gave her a curt nod before he spun around and directed his next words to both Chad and Blake, "Time to head out and get this horny bastard married."

With the giddy Chad in tow, the guys went out while Lucy and I followed.

It was a beautiful garden wedding, with a black carpet aisle scattered with hot pink and white roses and the cozy pergola was covered with white and pink roses as well. The whole place smelled of roses, romance, love and the celebration of life that was to occur. The ceremony was touching. Even though Lucy and I tried to hold back the tears, it was impossible not to blubber by the end.

"Forgot to bring tissues, didn't you, poppet?" Blake handed me his monogrammed handkerchief and I smiled gratefully to my Knightly.

"You always think of everything."

As I wiped my tears cautiously, his lips caressed my ears, sending delicious tingles all over me. "I can't help imagining it'll be us getting married soon."

I poked him, sniffing. "Not yet. Let me finish my school then I'm all yours, babe."

Blake tugged on my hand, kissing the back of it. "Someday."

"Thank you." I gently smiled at him, knowing how much he wanted to get married this instant, if I had wished it.

"Never say that. We're in this together. Your need to finish your education is admirable and something you shouldn't have to apologize to anyone for." Blake kissed my forehead and then focused back on the ceremony.

For the entire duration, he held my hand. I knew, deep down, Blake already had everything mapped out for our future, but I needed some time to achieve my own goals. As much as I wanted to marry him, I craved finding my purpose before I submerged myself into married life.

Ten

Blake

Toby left the minute he saw Chad was beyond plastered. As did Lucy, muttering some hideous excuse about schoolwork. Shaking my head, I stood up, handing out my hand. "Dance with me, amore." Sienna smiled, taking my hand as I led us towards the crowded dance floor, gathering her close, more besotted than I ever had been.

"So what do you think of the party?" I peered at her, noting the dreamy look she had as she looked around with a smile across her lips.

"Simply beautiful. I love events like these. It never fails to make me want to celebrate love."

That was a good sign, I thought, weighing things before I ultimately conceded and bit the bullet. "Sienna, I know you're not ready for a wedding until you're done with school, or perhaps even after that; whenever you're emotionally and mentally ready to make the next step for our future." I paused, waiting for some kind of reaction from her, but she kept quiet so I continued to speak my thoughts. "I don't mind waiting for you and I have already vowed to do so. What I'm trying to say here, if it isn't too much to ask, is that I want to throw an engagement party for us. I want to invite all of our friends as well as my business associates to come and celebrate with us. I just want the world to know that you're mine."

"Is that all?" she murmured.

"Yeah... that's basically what I want for now. Yes." Note the 'for now', my lovely Sienna, I thought in my head.

"Then, let's do it. I think that's a genius idea. I want to tell all the bitches that are hoping to catch you that you belong to me and they should withdraw their claws because you've already chosen the future Mrs. Knightly."

"Mrs. Sienna Knightly." I kissed her, drowning in the depths of her soul. "I love saying that, amore. One day, you shall be mine."

"I'm eternally yours, Knightly."

Christ. I wasn't going to last long when she looked at me like that; a mere glance with those seductive eyes and I immediately had a raging hard-on. Holding her much tighter, I whispered against her cheek, "Would it be wrong of us, if we left early?"

"Yes! Everyone's enjoying the party."

"I was, too, until you looked at me with those come-hither eyes and I instantly became rabid with the urgent need to bury my c**k inside your hot folds; transporting me into a state of nirvana that only you can give me." Dear me; the thought of it was making it rather difficult to breathe. I wanted-no, needed-to be with her. Now.

"Blake!" Sienna groaned, startled by my words while we were on the dance floor pretending to dance.

"Then let's go somewhere secluded. I do promise not to prolong it if you'd r fancy a quick shag." I subtlety brushed my thumb against her br**sts, knowing how wanton she'd be by now.

"You are impossible. Can't we be like a normal couple for once? We always have sex," Sienna chided before she tapped my hand to the side.

"What's wrong with a healthy, sexual appetite? Would you rather I turned into some bloody bore? Do you not like how I f**k you, amore?" I teased, pressing my hardened c**k against her thigh, maddeningly. "Sienna, my c**k is about to wage a war against your vagina in a few seconds. Give it another minute and it will want to conquer your ass, too. Now, wouldn't that be lovely?" I expected her to scold me again, but I was surprised when she smiled at me.

"I was wondering, actually, when you'd bring that particular subject up." The wench pouted, blinking those gorgeous, long lashes of hers. "From what I recall, it drove you to one of your biggest orgasms yet, am I correct?"

BLOODY. HELL. "You are onto something, aren't you, my lovely?"

The vixen fully emerged and what a damn sight it was to behold. There was no one-not one woman-I had ever met, that could suspend me into a rampant hormonal man; into a maniacal, nonsensical moron who needed to own this very woman. With Sienna by my side, my world was complete.

"Tell me, caro, which hole is tighter? The one that grips you in a fierce hold, a sensation so overwhelmingly glorious that you don't want it to end? Is it my pu**y?" Sienna leaned over and kissed me playfully before whispering, "or is it my ass you want to rip apart?"

My nose flared. My blood boiled. My c**k raged. My body was a furnace of burning desire and it was past the point where it could be dampened. The wench was going to let up or I bloody well would go Neanderthal on her. "Meet me in the coat check in five minutes," I grit out, my tone showed how dead serious I was.

Sienna giggled, not taking my emergency as though it were a life or death situation, which it was, truly. "Poor Blakey-poo. Your little junior can survive another couple of hours, no? It'll settle down, trust me. You just have to stop thinking about how tight I am..." Her eyes danced while she enjoyed this banter we were having.

In all honesty, I hadn't been aiming for this situation to spiral out of control, but I was hanging onto my last thread of sanity and I couldn't be around her with this constant hounding desire to ram into her. "Well then, I would love for you to meet me in five minutes time, but if you choose not to, please don't be offended if I leave. I cannot stay and celebrate while I'm in dire, excruciating pain."

Sienna looked taken aback. "You're joking, right? I don't feel like having sex with you, Blake."

Shaking my head before I gently dropped my arms from around her. "The security team, along with Gareth, can take you back home. I have other business to attend to. I'll see you when you get back." I softly kissed her cheek and then started to walk away.

Sienna was hastily following behind me, suspicious. "Hey! Are you going somewhere?"

"Home." My mind was working overtime as I studied her expressive features. She was probably thinking I was going to see another woman. "Are you implying that I was going to go somewhere else?" We still had to work in the area of trust, I could see.

"I just thought... since you..." she trailed off, looking more than guilty.

Her lack of trust was insulting. It was her who had slept with another man, not the other way around. The second I had her back in my arms, I hadn't wanted anyone else; it was that easy for me, but for her to insinuate and assume that I would do the same, was hurtful. "Thought what? Since I'm such a randy bastard that I'd shag the next woman I see?" I hissed, trying not to raise my voice because there were people around. "I'm going home." Although I despised her at this moment, I still managed to kiss her cheek, feeling my heart contract even at the softest stroke of her skin. "I love you."

I walked away towards the entrance of the hotel while I flexed my hands to help me calm down. It didn't take a whiz to see that I was more in love with her than she was with me. It shouldn't have mattered because she was all mine, however it bothered me to no end.

Giving my ticket to the valet attendant, I became distracted when my phone buzzed. "Knightly."

"Baby cousin! Where the bloody, shoddy hell are you? I have decided to throw a last minute shindig. We can't start Toby's bachelor party without the Casanova. Get your arse here, you sly dog!" Clive, like any other day, was jovially drunk.

"Where abouts? I wasn't made aware that there would be one." I had been too busy attempting to convince Toby not to get married to even think of a bachelor's party for the man.

"The private underground gentleman's club. Password is Beast Mode. See you in a bit, baby cousin." Clive chuckled before hanging up on me.

My night had just turned into an interesting one instead of holing up like a bloody fool in my study. I headed towards the location where Clive usually frolicked; pondering what it would be like there. When was the last time I'd stepped foot in that place anyway?

Before I started dating Sienna, of course.

Forty-five minutes later, I was not even surprised that Toby was obnoxiously inebriated while getting a lap dance by some expensive dancer. These private clubs only hired women who had gone through some rigorous tests and background checks. The amount of paperwork they had to sign before they were hired was unbelievable. The gag orders and policies of things seen, heard and done were not to be repeated. Or they would pay dearly.

"Will Amelia be okay with you getting an eyeful of arse before you go back to her?" I raised my brow and nodded towards the dancer who was wearing a see through dress, her cunt on display for everyone to enjoy, or explore if you had the aspiration.

"Amelia actually encourages it, as long as I stay discreet, that is." Toby drank from the Magnum bottle before giving me a nasty look. "It's a fantastic union, wouldn't you agree? Who wouldn't want a wife who's more than accommodating to their needs?"

Clive ordered another woman to join Toby's dancer. "Come now, love. Poor bloke here is about to get married to a woman who allows him to have some kink on the side." Clive grinned. "Show me where you find these women, will you? I might need to find one once my parents start pressing the bloody subject." Clive stood up, clearing his throat. "All right, fellas. I will be back in a jiffy. I have a show to attend to."

"I will be, too, mate," Toby slurred his words while his dancers led him to a darkened room.

It was sad to see the once easygoing man turned into this. Lucy had destroyed him. It would've been fair if he'd truly done something awful, but he hadn't. Now, my best friend was barely making it, drowning in his sorrows as he slowly accepted his fate; that he had to let go of his dreams of being with Lucy again because it wasn't in the cards anymore.

"More cognac, sir?" a bright-eyed, innocent looking girl, probably in her early twenties asked me expectantly.

I directed her a curt nod. "Yes, thank you."

After she expertly poured me a glass, she sat next to me. "Is there anything else I can service for you, sir?"

Bloody. Mary. Do not even think of going to that direction, you stupid fool, I chided myself. "I'm fine. I think I should head out. I'm coming down with a headache."

Before I could even manage to stand, the girl was pasted onto me, hands massaging the back of my neck. "How am I doing easing your tension, sir?" She obviously had some training because she was on cue with the pressure points.

Hell, it was sublime after my stressful night. "You're quite gifted, aren't you?" I joked, but realized too late what those words would mean to her.

"I am that. I'm excellent in other areas as well," she added, every syllable loaded with innuendo.

This was fun and all, however Sienna would have my balls on a plate if it went on any further. "Thank you, but I have to go." I took hold of her hands and placed them on her lap. "Tell the men at this table that I am heading out."

She blatantly rubbed my thighs. "You don't have to leave. You're the most interesting person here tonight and it is still early. Who knows what other pleasures you might indulge in?" When she said indulge, she brazenly stroked my hardened shaft.

It had been in that condition since Sienna rejected me earlier and continued to show no sign of going away. This persistent girl was going to get me in trouble, but f**king Christ, her hand felt damn good. Clearing my throat, I wretchedly stood up and shifted my pants to hide my dire condition. "Have a great evening," I gritted out before leaving the pleading girl and the entire damnable place.

Being a reckless driver wasn't really big on me, yet tonight, I tested the car's capacity to the hilt while I weaved through the early morning traffic. When I got home, the flat was dark and quiet. Striding towards our bedroom as I yanked my suit off, I was halted mid-step in the hallway.

"Where the f**k have you been? It's three in the morning!" Sienna screeched, on fire as she charged towards me.

Drunk and exhausted, I only craved sleep. Fighting with her, I could do without. "Toby had a last minute bachelor's party. They called me on my way out." I walked past her, not wanting to provoke her any longer.

She gasped loudly before following me inside my side of the walk-in closet. "Did you have sex?" she questioned accusingly.

The headache was now a migraine, throbbing and ready to explode. "I'm tired, Sienna. We'll speak tomorrow."

Sienna folded her arms, unyielding. "I'm not letting you get in bed unless you tell me what the hell you've been doing tonight."

"Jesus. Fucking. Christ! I didn't shag anyone! Satisfied?" I growled at her unflinching form before I tried to move away. Sienna was being unreasonable.

She even had the gall to snort before she threw my own words back in my face. "Tell me the truth or you'll be sleeping somewhere else tonight, Knightly! Did you have sex with someone else tonight?"

I knew I hadn't, yet she was hell bent on believing I had. I was drunk, exhausted and my c**k was purple from pain. Her words only proved to grate on me and I finally lost my temper. "Fine. Let's have it your way. I f**ked this gorgeous woman tonight because she was so bloody attentive and so mind-numbingly beautiful, I simply couldn't resist her," I threw back at her. "Not only was she gifted, but she was the best f**k I've had in awhile!" I marched out of there, yelling as I did. "I hope the bed is wide enough to accommodate you and your selfish pride."

Darting towards the elevator again, I conceded that I would have to head to the office and sleep in my adjacent quarters. Just when the lift arrived, the banshee appeared to pester me some more.

"You're going back to her?" she spat out.

I threw her a nasty glare. "Go to bed, Sienna," I muttered, stepping into the cart.

Sienna immediately pressed her body to hold the doors down, eyes frantic. "Don't go. You can't go leaving me like this-"

I sighed, needing to be away in order to think. "We had a long night. We're both exhausted. I'll come back tomorrow."

She shook her head. "No! I won't let you leave."

Luxurious locks of her hair fell on the sides of her face. I missed the texture of it on my fingers, on my nose and on my lips. Even if I was red-misted with anger, my body still wanted her like it had no other. "Sienna, I'm past exhausted. I'm heading to the office to sleep. Therefore, could you kindly step away from the door so I can get some shuteye?"

"I'm sorry about earlier. I wanted you, but I wanted to show you that I could resist you." She nervously bit her lip. "Feeling how hard you were for me, made me feel like I had so much power over you. It was stupid."

She was playing games? Right, of course she was. Bloody f**king great. "Sometimes I wonder why I am besotted to a woman who thinks and acts like a child!" I was losing it. "Everything always has conditions! Why can you not love me fully; unguarded and free the way I do for you?" I lightly banged the back of my head on the mirrored panel. "Maybe you really aren't ready yet... for me... for any of this." I pressed the bridge of my nose, knowing my words held a lot of truth in them.

"Don't say that, please," She begged, slowly taking off her skimpy little silk outfit, exposing her br**sts.

"Put your clothes back on," I demanded softly, not wanting to ogle her luscious globes.

"Then don't leave, Blake."

With a defeated sigh, I picked up the tiny silk scrap and handed it back to her. "As you wish."

"Thank you." She nodded before we moved out of the lift and back into the apartment. Instead of covering herself, she took her silk underwear off and struts towards the living room. Once she got to the embroidered sofa, she situated herself atop the wing, bent over the armrest as she stood up on her toes. Her delectable bottom was fully on display. My eyes were riveted to her glistening folds, which tempted the sinner that I was. "I'm ready for you, caro. Take me."

In lightning speed, I had my pants on the ground and was charging to take what she offered. "This f**k is just for me!" I growled out before I stormed into her hot cunt in one hard, aching thrust. Her channel was wet, but not wet enough to accommodate me fully, which made her even more snug than usual. "Heavens, this pu**y is worth the hell you put me through!" I slapped her ass red as I pounded her into the armrest of the sofa.

"I'm sorry," Sienna gasped out, reaching for something to hold onto while my c**k shattered her ability to say more. "I'm so sorry," she chanted again.

I reared my c**k back before shoving it into her tightened core again, pushing it all the way in, charging into her cervix and making her scream with pain. "This is what happens when you don't let me maintain your cunt, cara. It simply shuts down and closes up like a clam." I bit into her back while my fingertips pulled on her ni**les and then clasped my greedy hands onto her mounds like they were my life raft. I gripped them so hard; she was bursting with pain and pleasure. "The pain is your punishment. Don't ever deny the man you love this body, cara!"

"I'm sorry. I won't," she panted almost incoherently.

"Brilliant. Now time to brave it out like a big girl and take what I've got prepared for you!" I lashed out before my purple veined c**k attempted murder on her pu**y; hammering and pounding on her until I came twice, unloading insurmountable amounts of roped cream into her womb. With a final thrust, I collapsed on top of her, breathing on the back of her neck, knowing I could die a happy man smelling her this way. "Ti amo, tesoro." I love you, darling.

We shifted before relaxing on the sofa, sweaty and naked in a spooning position. "There's been no other woman, Sienna." I kissed the back of her shoulder; the place where I'd left a bite mark. "I would never cheat on you."

Sienna gently moved, positioning herself on top of me, palms on the sides of my face, eyes shining with love. "I will work on my immaturity, babe. I know you've been more than patient with me, but I will get there. I promise." She then slowly slid down and took my half-mast state into her mouth, which was coated with my se**n and her own essence. I'd known many women who might have been too disgusted to do such a thing, however Sienna seemed to be salivating even more.

My eyes rolled to the back of my head as I grunted out her name before I shoved my hips higher, lodging my shaft into the back of her ridged throat, f**king it with purpose. She gave me a minute before her succulent mouth let go of my length.

"Now, it's my turn to f**k for my own pleasure," Sienna announced before literally pouncing on me like a cat and blowing my brains out.

I came so hard that I blacked out mid-spurt.

Well, I did say this woman was going to be the death of me.

Eleven

Sienna

Two days later, my shrilling phone woke me with a message from Blake telling me he was now in Brazil.

Groaning into my pillow, I squashed the tiny spurt of sadness that bubbled up. I missed him and wished he was here in London with me. I knew Blake was busy with the vast offices and businesses that he had to oversee. They were enough to drive a man crazy, though Knightly ran the empire quite superbly.

Blake was always featured on business pages and magazines, which noted and admired his achievements in the short time he'd been working. I was proud of him and his brilliant mind, but I wished we were able to spend more time together.

The first week had dragged on with school, but my PR job was working out quite nicely. In fact, I was going to handle my first event next Saturday and I simply couldn't wait to get into action.

I was on my way to the restaurant, almost reaching for the door when someone stopped me.

"Hey!" a familiar voice spoke up right next to me before arms wrapped me in a tight embrace. "Good to see you, Si. I've missed you."

I laughed, feeling ecstatic to see him, yet at the same time, noting how Kyle was being too touchy. "How are you? Have you liked being back in London town?" I grinned at his amused face before I shifted his beanie just to mess with him.

"Always, babe. Wherever you are, I'm always happy to be around you, but you know that already. So why ask?" Kyle's eyes lingered on my face, memorizing it. "Let's go in. I'm starving."

I smirked, knowing pretty well what he'd meant and it hadn't been food that was on his mind. "Behave, Kyle. Blake will shoot you down if he knew where your mind is heading off to," I scolded him before I followed him inside the Italian restaurant.

Once were seated and the waitress had taken our order, Kyle immediately got down to the juicy bits of news we needed to catch up on. The ring on my finger was the first to go up for discussion. "He finally managed to get that ring on you, huh?" Kyle directed a straight face at me. He didn't seem angry, though he didn't look happy, either. Shit. The last thing I needed was for him to be hurt about this, but he knew that it had been coming. It couldn't be helped.

"I'm sorry. I should've called and told you all about it instead of having you find it out this way." I flinched somewhat at my insensitivity or for simply forgetting it altogether.

Kyle pressed his lips together, nodding and not saying a damn word.

"Kyle?" I paused, gauging his face. "You're not mad, are you?"

He leaned back, looking at me like he was seeing me for the first time. "I'm seeing someone else. It's actually, Abby."

Huh? "Abby Miller? The same woman who tried to worm herself in all through high school?"

Kyle nodded. "Same one."

Wait, what? "Were you sleeping with her then, too? I thought you said you weren't attracted to her?"

"I never touched her until last month, and to answer your other question, I think Abby is gorgeous, although, next to you, no one comes close." He took a moment to gather his thoughts before he continued, "I need to move on, Si."

Yes, he did. Of course, he needed to, but I wasn't expecting this; the hurt I was feeling was not what I had anticipated and I wasn't sure what to do with it. "I'm happy for you."

"Are you?"

I nodded, trying to convince him that I was. "Yeah, of course I am. Abby was crazy about you and I'm glad you two finally got together." My words sounded hollow, even to my ears.

"Guess, that's that."

I suppose it was. For the entire time we had lunch, we barely spoke more than a few words to each other. I was in love with Blake, but a part of me was saddened to let go of Kyle. I thought I was prepared for this day to come; however I'd thought wrong.

After lunch, we strolled in a strained manner towards Blake's flat, each of us busy with our own thoughts. I hugged him, forcing myself not to cry. "Take care, babe."

"You know I'll always love you, right? No one gets to take your place in here, Si." Kyle placed my hand on his heart. "I love you, Sienna." He kissed my forehead before he made me look into those eyes I had grown to trust at a young age. The same eyes that had protected me from a lot of bad things were now full of pain. "Be happy for the both us. Follow your dreams and I will be right there along with you." Waterworks didn't have anything on me then. I was a mess of hiccups and balling my heart out.

"I'll see you before I leave in a couple weeks, okay?" Kyle held me while I clung onto him, afraid of letting him go. "Blake is a good man. I wouldn't let another man have you if I knew he wasn't worthy of being with you. Always remember I'm a phone call away and I'll be with you in a heartbeat." He kissed my forehead one more time before he slowly untangled himself and walked away.

I watched him amble away with his head downcast as I felt an intense tightening in my gut for letting my first love go. I barely noticed when Gareth ushered me inside the building and into an elevator. Once I got off it, I was still hysterical when I ran into the bathroom and locked myself in there for quite sometime.

Everything from my past rushed through my head. Saying goodbye to someone that had been significant throughout my life was painful. Without Kyle, I would've probably been dead by now. He'd saved me in more ways than one.

My crying binge came to an abrupt halt when a knock on my door interrupted me. "Miss Sienna? Mr. Knightly wants to speak to you. He called my phone after he had unsuccessfully tried yours," Gareth spoke from the other side of the door, knowing quite well what I was doing in there.

Reluctantly, I opened the door a wee crack, just enough for him to insert the phone and hand it to me without his being able to look at my dreadful, tear-streaked face.

"Hello?"

"You're still crying," Blake noted, sounding disappointed somehow.

Huh? What the hell! "How'd you know?" I tried to sound normal, trying not to panic.

I could hear him thinking, calculating as to how he'd break it down to me. "You forget about the security team, cara."

Well, there you go. WTF! "You saw the whole thing?" This was not good.

There was a long stretch of silence before he spoke again. "I did. I thought at one point you were going to go with him. You love him and I just saw how much." He sounded raw, hurting.

I didn't know what to say so I kept my mouth shut.

Blake broke into my thoughts again. "Is there a possibility of you leaving me, Sienna?"

Seriously? We were engaged! "No, Blake. I accepted your ring. I'm wearing it. Why are you second guessing?"

"That scene I saw moments ago tore me up." Blake's breathing was haggard as if he was running out of patience. "I knew, but it's rather painful to see it clearly. I have to accept a small part of you will always love him. That small percentage is a risk, but it's one I'm willing to put my entire life on."

Abby and Kyle. Fuck. "I said my goodbyes. I'm just mourning my loss. I'm in pain, too."

"I know," he whispered.

"I love you, Blake." I sobbed into the phone. "I do love you so much."

"Yeah, that's why you're in so much pain," Blake growled, his bitterness no longer masked.

His indignant tone grated on me the wrong way. "What the f**k do you want from me? I've given up a lot for you! WHAT MORE DO YOU ASK OF ME?"

"EVERYTHING!" he hissed, making my ear ring. "I want everything!"

Consumed by his anger-by my broken spirit-I hung up on him. Even in mourning my loss, Blake wouldn't let up.

Sometimes, too much wasn't healthy and his overbearing attitude had just become too much.

That night, I ended up going back to my flat in Covent Garden. Maybe I simply needed space and wanted to be surrounded by everything that I held dear in my heart.

I suppose, I needed a small piece of normalcy. I hadn't had it since I'd had the accident and it was time I took that back.

Twelve

Blake

"Damn it to hell and back!" I screamed into the office when the infuriating woman hung up on me.

I wanted to punch or thrash something. Why did I have the need to possess all of her? Wasn't it enough that she was going to marry me? Sienna chose me, not Matthews... I was relieved that Kyle was doing the right thing by walking away, but seeing Sienna's tearful face, that sadness that had been etched in her eyes, was something else.

My plans of wrapping things up a week early were immediately down the drain. That week could be used productively and on top of that, I needed the time to come to terms with all the emotions running riot in me before I faced Sienna again.

Feeling like a complete arse, I composed myself before Luke appeared and informed me that the meeting was about to start. While I attempted to focus on what the meeting was going to be about, it continued to be rather difficult to put Sienna out of my mind completely. For two hours, I kept checking my phone for messages or missed calls, however none came. Not from her anyway.

The meeting went fine, although my mood took a nosedive when I opened my phone and noticed that I'd received a message from Gareth. There was never a message that came from him that was ever any good.

Miss Sienna is staying the night at her flat in Covent Garden.

What else could go wrong in my life? Nothing was right and, for the life of me, I was bloody well exhausted.

I decided that Hell was out to get me when Sienna's phone went to voicemail. Dejectedly, I waited until it beeped so I could leave her a line or two. "Hey, I'm sorry for losing my temper earlier." I paused. "I apologize for being such a blasted jealous arse, too." Sighing, I continued, "I miss you." Shoving my phone on the table, I pressed on my temples, stressed out about everything that was going on around me.

"Maledizione!" I cursed a few more times before I stopped and pinched the bridge of my nose. Then, reaching for the carafe, I poured myself a hefty drink while the other hand loosened my tie.

"Mr. Knightly, sir." A knock made me spin around and face Luke's junior assistant in Rio and Sao Paolo, Adriana.

"Yes?" I threw her an irritated glare before I gulped down the entire contents of the amber liquid that burned my throat.

Adriana cleared her throat before she stepped forward and stood a few inches away from me. "I'm here to remind you that Mr. Rochas is expecting you tonight in his home. I will be escorting you since Luke left for New York an hour ago."

Right, tonight's engagement. It had completely left my mind amongst a few other things. "How much time do I have until I'm supposed to leave?" I studied her expressionless face before I filled my second glass.

Adriana glanced at the amount of alcohol I had in my glass before reverting back to me. "An hour and a half. Do you want me to ring for your driver, sir?"

"As soon as possible. Take one of the drivers with you as well. I'll meet you in the hotel lobby in an hour's time," I muttered before I annihilated the burning liquid.

Tonight was going to drag. I could already feel what kind of headache it'd be.

Three hours later, I was more than pleased when I was proven wrong. Rochas had thrown an impressive party for thirty or so business associates. We were on his beach property where we had been provided excellent delicacies, outstanding, skimpy-clad waitresses and exceptional Cuban cigars.

Adriana leaned closer, whispering into my ear, "I'm glad you're starting to enjoy the night, Mr. Knightly. You work too hard. It's good to see you relax."

I glanced at her sideways. "I wasn't being a grump all day, was I?" I get so consumed sometimes by my worry for Sienna that I forget my manners most days. It was not what I wanted to achieve, most especially with the people who'd dedicated their working lives to me.

"A little, but it's okay. You're the boss. You're allowed to be a grump." Adriana laughed, blushing as she admitted the truth.

"Well, I give you permission to remind me when I'm being one. My personal life shouldn't be dragged into the business arena." Grandfather would be aghast if he knew. I needed to get my act together.

Adriana raised her brow, challenging. "You sure about that? As long as you promise not to fire me after, then I would be more than willing to do that."

I gave a hearty laugh. Goodness, I wasn't about to fire her when she was quite excellent at what she did. Her frankness had actually made me think that, since Luke was working his way up to a promotion, Adriana could be a great candidate for the next main assistant.

Thirteen

Sienna

A few days later, I got a text from Blake asking if I wanted to have dinner given that he would be in town that evening. Of course I responded that I was going to meet him; even if our relationship had been strained as of late, I wouldn't hesitate to have a chance to see him.

It was my fault that things were strained. I knew that, although Blake had been a little more distant than normal. Neither did it help that he'd been trotting around with that Brazilian babe as his assistant, nor their easy relationship I had witnessed when I video called him one time.

By six, I was beyond ready to see Blake. I even took extra time and effort to look sexy for him. I knew he enjoyed my back, so I specifically wore a dress that didn't have one. When I got a text from him, telling me that dinner was about to be cancelled, my imagination ran riot.

Blake: I have a last minute conference call. I will have to cancel dinner for tonight. I'll see you when I get home.

I hadn't seen him for three weeks and I couldn't wait any longer. I had to see him. Come Hell or high water, I just had to. Scrolling over my contact list, I found the right person who could assist me in this dilemma of mine.

"Luke, it's Sienna. Can you possibly do me a huge favor?"

Five minutes later, I was on my way out of the penthouse and off to his South Bank headquarters. With the given traffic and anticipation, I finally arrived to my destination with sweaty palms and a pounding heart rate.

I entered his office without knocking and I instantly saw him sitting on his chair, face stuck to the laptop before him, talking. Blake didn't look up, but I knew he'd heard someone come in; he probably thought it was Luke.

So, I stood there and basked in his presence. Each time he went off somewhere on business, I almost resented each and every one of the trips. However, I admit, the majestic, beautiful feeling of seeing him for the very first time after so long, made it worthwhile. For I was truly, unequivocally and eternally his. My place was with this man, next to him, wherever we made our own paradise. My indecision about Kyle was just fear of letting my past go. This, right now, was what love was about.

With a galloping heart, I carefully made my way towards him.

"Excellent. I do appreciate your dedication, Mr. Barnaby, however, please, don't expect this leniency to continue. One more offense and I will undoubtedly let you go. Do we understand each other?" Blake was utterly serious, his brows furrowing with utmost concentration.

I suppose the videoconference was a three-way call since another man started speaking in accented English, in reference to the problem that had made this emergency call necessary in the first place. When I rounded his mahogany table, I made sure I kept out of the screen as I got on my knees and crawled close to his legs. He was jolted with shock when he felt a hand on his knee. Blake looked surprised when he found me grinning with mischief. I placed my finger over my lips to silence and ease his suspicion.

"Everything okay, Mr. Knightly? You jumped like you saw a ghost, si?" the accented man asked with concern.

Blake cleared his throat, fixed his silk tie and responded with his signature assured manner. "Of course, need not worry. Please, carry on with your presentation, Mr. Rochas."

So when Mr. Rochas started his stale speech with tiresome enthusiasm, I got back to my mission. I splayed my hands on both of his thighs and ran my nails back and forth as Blake tried in earnest to act unaffected. When I saw him press his lips together, I knew I was working him just fine.

Call me crazy, but I wanted to see if I could get him aroused to the point where he desired me like he usually did after a long period of time without sex; that was, if he didn't get it from somewhere else... say a woman named Adriana? If I had to fight to get his undivided attention, then so be it.

Biting my bottom lip, my finger and thumb held the edge of his zipper while I expectantly looked up, waited a beat or two and then slowly and quietly pulled it down. I felt like a little girl opening a Christmas present. It had been too long... I wanted him in my mouth... to taste his essence and have some part of him with me, in me.

Blake was trained on the screen. Apart from his Adam's apple bobbing, the people he was conversing with on the video wouldn't have any indication as to what was going on below the desk. I let out a soft gasp when I got hold of his hot, silky manhood. Pulling it out, I felt the first trickle of liquid in between my own thighs. Licking my lips, I made sure I had his scrotum out before I started my life's mission; to please this brooding, Alpha man.

Using the tip of my wet tongue, I eagerly used it to trace the smooth sac before I went to the other and did the same gesture, flicking it back and forth in a leisured pace. I wanted slow, sweet torture-a build up for the finale-with him in between my legs.

His rigid length stood magnificently. Proud, emboldened veins protruded along his princely cock. A dot of wetness sat atop the puny slit, enticing me to suckle and lick the sweet ambrosia. His mushroomed head felt enormous in my mouth, hot and throbbing as he expanded the muscles of his length, bringing more blood flow into his groin.

"I want these aspects incorporated into the exported goods. How long will it take you to make that possible?" Blake asked before he took hold of the top of my head and pushed it down, making me swallow most of his length; shocking me and gagging me at the same time.

Goodness! I thought as I gripped the sides of his chair and prepared for the rigorous ordeal of making this man well stimulated and heatedly prepped to make love to me all night long.

Working on his member with arduous focus, I hollowed my cheeks. Holding a part of my breath that ran through the air passage in the back of my throat which connected to my nose, I suctioned his c**k the way he liked it while my left hand caressed his sensitive sac with my middle finger attached to the bare skin below it; rubbing. My right hand was busy holding the base of his shaft, gripping it to pound more blood flow, making this experience much more... excruciating.

I didn't mind the drool that was now on the sides of my mouth, slowly wetting my neck as I paid homage to him. Gazing up to him, it was as though he knew I wanted him to see me because he glanced down-a quick flicker-before I registered the scorching desire in those hypnotizing eyes of his.

"Gentleman, as much as I want to prolong this meeting, I must say I have to end it. My fiancee has been patiently waiting and I don't want her waiting a second longer or she might change her mind about marrying me. You'll be hearing from me tomorrow. Good day." Blake spoke with authority, his tone precise and succinct, before he cut the videoconference and turned his full attention on me. "Let go of my dick, Sienna," he said curtly, eyes trained on me.

I did as he asked and then pushed myself up and faced the commanding, mercurial man while I was heady and potent with sexual electricity.

Fourteen

Blake

Sienna looked enraptured, eyes hooded with lust like a purring cat eyeing for her next scrumptious dessert.

I was dumb-founded when she untied her black coat. Who would have that a normal looking woman from the exterior was actually donning some scandalous scraps of see-through lace of next-to-nothings lingerie. Black pumps, Embroidered thigh-high stockings, lace garter belt, intricate black lace-cupped bra...and no underwear. Smooth. Bare. Skin. Vying. For. My. Attention.

Still seated in my chair, my mouth watered at the bloody sight of Sienna. If I thought I was speechless now, I could think again, because I let out a strangled groan when she audaciously flung her right leg on the table, pushing my laptop and whatever else onto the floor. I should've gotten mad-or some sort of reaction, but I was too tongue-tied at the full-frontal view of her slick wet cunt, pink and deliciously inviting me to take a damn taste and have a ball with it.

"Hungry for some pu**y, Knightly?" she cocked her brow at me, the vixen all in her glorified pose.

Sexy.

Saucy.

Sinful.

The Triple Threat.

I was famished, but I wanted to savor this memory slowly. "Play for me Sienna, la mia bella fica." My beautiful cunt. When she gestured to touch herself, I stopped her. "Suck on your fingers first." I was beyond fascinated when she did as I asked, making me shift uncomfortably on my seat. The need to stroke my aching c**k and watch her play was too tempting to resist. "Give me a show, cara."

Sienna blatantly rubbed herself with her middle finger whilst watching me stroke my shaft. She then stuck it inside her hot hole, slipping it a few times before she took it out and inserted it in her mouth, sucking it. "Mmmm." She moaned in earnest; before she placed it back into her core, while her other hand, peeled the lace cups of her bra to the sides, thus pushing her br**sts together for the desired combust-on-your-cock-at-a-glance effect.

She then sucked on her other middle finger before she circled her nipple, then she tugged on her pebbled rosebuds, moaning deeply.

"Baby, please...how long must I wait for you?" Sienna frowned, brows furrowing, not in a cute pouty way, but the desperate kind.

Without breaking eye contact, I took off my silk tie, before handing it to her. "Here, tie this on your neck."

She licked her lips, staring at the tie, then back at me. "What for?"

"You won't know unless you follow my instructions. Make sure it's secured and tight." I might seem unaffected to her, but I wanted to f**k this goddess so badly, it was beyond mental.

Cautiously, she took hold of it, and then tied it on her neck.

I nodded towards her leg that sat on my desk. "Take your leg off. Bend over the desk. Stick your arse out. Legs together." I commanded, as my imagination ran rampant in all the ways I wanted to take her.

Standing up, I unbuckled my pants, not bothering on my dress shirt as I stood behind her, feeling the heat exude from her hot body. Her chin was on the table and I maneuvered it to the side, so her head sat on her cheek.

"How often do you think about him, Sienna?" my mouth blurted out a question I never intended to ask, but one that always hounded my thoughts whenever I thought of her-all alone in London, might be missing a warm body next to her at night. From what I gathered, she hasn't seen him after that one time, but her calls and messages were ones I didn't know about. As much as I wanted to monitor them for her safety, deep down, I knew I couldn't hold back and not read all of her messages or listen to any phone conversations. Not to mention it was tampering heavily on her privacy, I didn't want to take that small piece of freedom from her.

"Blake-that's not what I wanted to discuss after not seeing you for weeks."

True, but my confidence was battered, my heart was gutted and my faith in myself was somewhat shattered. I knew it was jealousy that was eating me whole, but the images of her crying in his arms were disturbing. It was as it she didn't want to let him go. I saw it-the love in her eyes shone through the tears. "Oblige me. I beg to know the truth."

My breathing halted as I tuned for her words, but she took longer than expected to respond to my question.

"I-I do think of him, a lot...after that day." Sienna's voice was so little I could barely hear her.

Each word punctured me. I knew what was coming, but hearing them magnified the wounds, the pain much profoundly. It f**king eviscerated me. As much as I wanted to be angry and lash out, I needed to think properly, placing myself in her shoes. "Should I be worried, Sienna?" I rasped out, feeling the dark pitted emptiness descend on me before I plunged into her slick hotness. Wanting to possess this mirage that was impossible to tame, no matter how much I tried. It seemed that the more I wanted to secure it, the more it wants to leave and disappear on me.

Her hips locked against the curve of the desk, before my hand reached out around her neck and took hold of the tie, twisting it around so I had it around her back. I tested the tie, tugging it a few times, making sure it was secured, twisted the end and wrapped it around my right knuckle, before I reared my c**k and slammed it back into her.

"Sweet Jesus. BLAKE!!!" She screamed, while my c**k f**ked her.

Her body bobbed and bounced with each slam of her hips, before I gripped the tie tighter and pulled on it, making her head lean towards me, her beautiful back arched in a curve while my hand steadied it, grounding it down on the table. "Whatever you're thinking. Whatever you're going to do, about to do." I groaned against her ear, f**king her harder. "Always know that this man is yours. The heart that beats inside this body only ever knew one woman. The c**k that's slithering inside you, maybe have been around, seeking gluttonous pleasure-but once you claimed it, it has never cheated."

Each stroke of my shaft wrapped and enveloped in her wet tightness gnawed into me, even sex it seemed, was not enough any longer. Don't get me wrong, it's still exquisite, but the extra pizzazz that I got from it back in the day was no longer apparent. That bewitching magic I used to get from one woman, no longer provided me with it...because I was having massive doubts...about her. Our future. Our love.

She may feel or believed she loved me right now, but the true test was going to happen the moment Matthews leaves and heads out back to America. Somehow, I wasn't feeling all too hopeful.

Those last few words burned in my mind as I thrusted into her like I was trying to make a point. It was harsh, demanding and volatile. When I felt the quick treble and the heady rush of my orgasm rearing, I swiftly pulled out of her pu**y, before I speedily buried my length into her ass.

Sienna whimpered in pain, nails scraping on the varnished desk. "FUCK!!!"

"Feel my pain, cara. Magnify this into infinity, maybe then you'll get the depth of it." The words were gritted out with agony, as the tightness of her caught up with me. "I." I grunted out, pounding harshly. "Love." I wretchedly breathed out, closing my lids when I felt the first spurt of my seed, burying it deeply into her. "You," I whispered on the base of her spine, feeling empty.

If it were possible to love her any less, I would've done so. I wished I had the power to do that, and then maybe it wouldn't be so painful to be in my shoes.

Heaving, I slowly pulled out of her, watching her gorgeous face with her eyes shut, oblivious to the hell I was going through.

With little pride I had left, I pulled my pants up and strode into the annex apartment, needing to change and shower, but most especially-needing space.

Fifteen

Blake

It took Sienna approximately fifteen minutes to follow me into the adjacent suite. She was back into her trench coat, looking cautious as she eyed the place.

It was then when she saw her portraits. The ones Chad took for his exhibition.

Her eyes were as big as saucers. "It's all me!" She screeched, lips parted.

Glancing away from her, I tried to concentrate on folding the sleeves of my dress shirt before pushing them behind my elbows. "I had these hidden here, so I could be surrounded by you when I was stressed out and needed to get my priorities straightened out." I looked at her, knowing my love only ever grew from the moment I met her. "It was a place I loved to hate when you and I broke up."

Sienna made a strained gasp, before she stared at her canvases, eyes full of wonderment. "You're really in love with me, aren't you? I mean-I thought you loved me...but now, I think you're crazy in love for me. Does that make sense?"

It did. It was damn sad because I knew she didn't feel that for me. Her love was conditional. Sighing, I went over to the bed and sat, brooding.

Sienna strode over to me, standing, looking at me sorrowfully. "I'm sorry."

"Sorry that you're feeling this way?" I looked at her closely. "Or are you sorry that I got to witness it?" I was referring to her crying in Matthews' arms.

"Both, I guess." She stepped closer, unsure. "I don't want to leave you. You must know that."

"No, I don't." Each time that thought emerged in my mind, I tried to squash it down, but it haunts me. Every time.

Her eyes sought mine, pleading for me to understand her position, her feelings-her pain. "I wish there was an easier way to do this, but there isn't. He's been such a big part of my life. I'm letting go of him because I want to be with you. The whole process-is very difficult, painful. I feel like I won't ever see him again...like this goodbye would be it." She sighed, full of sadness. "Kyle is family. It might not look it to you or to the other people, but he was the only family I've had for the past decade. I don't do well with goodbyes, especially after my dad died."

"Blake-"

I gazed at her, understanding her perspective, but the pain and the string of doubts were embedded in my mind-but I was at least trying.

"I'm grieving. That's all. There's nothing more to it, so please, don't resent me for it." She leaned against me, before flinging her arms around my neck. "I love you too, Blake."

Forcing myself to smile, I kissed her forehead, before placing my own against hers. "Thank you for telling me-for opening up. I'm still gutted, but I understand you more now."

Her stomach blatantly growled, breaking the awkward silence. She laughed it off, blushing. "Oops."

"Come on, poppet. Time for me to feed you." I helped her to her feet, guiding her towards the exit. "What do you fancy having? We can still get reservations if you like." I offered, wondering what cuisine she'd be into.

She spun around, halting our steps. "Would it be okay if we just stay home and just...be together, just the two of us? I missed you."

We had been so caught up with work and the investigation that I forgot how to be like us. She was right. I had missed her too. "Then we shall dine at home. We can rummage through the kitchen as see what we can whip up."

Forty minutes later, we were home. I was just coming out of the shower when I heard Sienna yelling my name. Frantic, I was in the kitchen in a heartbeat. "What's happened? Are you hurt?" I searched her face, her body then her surroundings. When her confused look turned into tiny spurts of laughter, I got even more frustrated. "I don't find this amusing at all."

"It so is. Look at you, marching in here, guns blazing and ready to break a bone-dripping wet with only a towel on. Seriously?"

Planting my hands on my hips, I glared at her, waiting for an explanation.

"Okay-don't laugh, but we don't have cheese." She bit her bottom lip, making a cute funny face. "I mean, how can we make an omelet without cheese?"

I nodded, my tongue on the side of my lips, almost glaring. "We ran out of cheese." I cocked my head on the side, thinking this was a cock-up. "Huh." My eyes pierced into hers, pulling.

"Oh, no. Not right now, Knightly." Sienna placed the batter back on the counter, trying not to look at me.

Elated, I moved closer, until I was pushing against her curvaceous bottom, cushioning my hardness. "Face me, amore."

Slowly, she spun around, cautious. "Yes?" She wench asked, eyes wicked.

Securing both of my arms on her sides, I moved my face closer, almost touching her nose. "I deserve a kiss, don't I?"

"Just a kiss?" She arched her brow at me, making sure I wasn't bluffing.

"Un bacio, cara." One kiss, darling.

When I took her lips, I was having a hard time trying not to touch her everywhere, to feel her close to me. As our kiss deepened, Sienna was barely containable.

She moaned my named. "I want you," she rasped out.

I laughed, knowing how the kiss would turn out this way. She always did. Kissing her nose, I grinned down at her. "I have to feed you, my sweet."

She was mumbling some colorful words as I laughed my way to the fridge and pulled some ingredients out. "You need to be creative with food. You can't always depend on omelets to satisfy your hunger. Cooking a meal isn't that difficult."

She smirked, throwing a cherry tomato at me. "Yeah, cause you're Italian."

"Not only are we romantic but most Italian men can cook. We love like no other. Make love like no other." I winked at her before lighting the stove.

Sienna giggled. "You're way too cocky sometimes."

I laughed, before focusing on making us a meal, feeling at ease. This used to be our normal back in the day-back when we were friends, and I merely loved her from afar.

After making us some cozze marinara, a few Italian appetizers, I was enjoying our easy banter before she broke the spell.

"Babe-Kyle is leaving tomorrow. He decided to leave early, instead. I'm going to go over and have breakfast with him, if that's okay with you?"

"Do what you must," I kindly said, feeling wretched all over again. Gathering her dishes, I placed them in the sink, before I went over to her and kissed the top of her forehead. "Have a good sleep, amore. I'm going in to look at work stuff."

"Thank you for dinner, babe. I love you." She kissed my lips before darting towards our bedroom.

I stared after her, thinking how things have changed.

Now in my study, I strode towards the fireplace, setting it ablaze. The night wasn't that chilly but it helps my mood and watching the fire burn and dance somehow helps me think. I was merely toying with my cognac, idle, when my phone rang.

"Knightly."

"Good evening, sir. I'm calling to inform you that the contracts are sent and you should have copies in your inbox and your fax machine in your home office just in case you want to look them over now." Adriana's cheery delicate voice wafted through the phone.

This woman worked at lot, even on weekends, she was on top of everything. It was impressive. "Excellent, thank you," I murmured, thinking. "Hey-listen, why don't you book yourself a spa day tomorrow and charge it on me. You've been working far too much and I'm not an ingrate, well not most of the time anyway." I suggested, hoping that she'd take the offer.

"Really? Thank you, Mr. Knightly. That's very kind of you." She chirped.

Her jovial voice was refreshing to hear. There was far too much sadness in my life. "You're very welcome. You deserve it, Adriana. Once Luke gets his promotion, I just want you to know that you can take his place, if you so wish it."

She was now a giddy blabbering mess, saying thank you a few more times before she calmed down. "You're a great boss, Mr. Knightly." She drawled. "Whatever is going on with you, just keep smiling because it keeps bad things away."

I did smile at her suggestion. "Throwing your words of wisdom on me now?"

Adriana was silent awhile, before she finally found her voice again. "I hear stories, you know. I'm not sure if most of them are true, but you deserve to be happy. You're such a kind, generous man and not to mention one of the world's most eligible bachelor. I just think-I'm sorry; I'm stepping out of line here. I apologize." She rushed out, dawning how much she's been yapping.

"No, do go on, I want to hear your thoughts. I appreciate honesty more than anything."

"You look so unhappy all the time. It just doesn't look healthy to me. Sometimes it's healthy to step back and look at the picture clearly, see if it's something you want to deal with for the rest of your life." Adriana sounded concerned. "You deserve more than that, Mr. Knightly."

Her kindness touched me. I wasn't sure if it was because m friends were all so busy with their lives, or that no one was paying attention to what I was going through, but Adriana noticed. "Thank you for your honesty, Adriana. And yes, I will think about what you said. I will speak to you tomorrow. Please, don't forget that spa appointment I told you. Go hit the shops while you're at it." I offered, before saying my goodbyes a few minutes later.

Was I that miserable with Sienna? Apart from amazing sex, our love was still there, but it was tense-the peace I used to get from being with her was no more. It could be because she was grieving the loss of another man. Or maybe because when she tells me that she loved me, it didn't sound the same.

I was so consumed with my thoughts that I didn't hear her until she stood before me.

"Blake? I've been calling for you, but you weren't responding." She asked, glancing at the phone then back at me. "Who were you talking to?"

"Adriana, my assistant."

She nodded, pressing her lips together before she gave me a smile that didn't reach her eyes. "Come to bed, we can make love a couple times before going to sleep." She offered her hand.

Make love...I remembered not a few hours ago, after I emptied myself inside her, I had never felt more hollowed in my life. Like the void was seizing me whole-no, making love to her wasn't the answer. Taking hold of her outstretched hand, I pressed my lips against it before looking up to her. "Go on, poppet. Get some sleep. I will need sometime to sort some things. I will be there with you shortly."

If she was shocked or offended when I declined her offer, she didn't show it. I didn't go into our bedroom until dawn. Staring at her for another half an hour as thoughts ran through my head, before sleep finally caught on me.

Sixteen

Blake

I woke up after nine in the morning, by then Sienna was long gone. Grumpily, I headed to shower, trying my damnedest not to think that she was with him.

It was Saturday and I normally don't go into work, but I needed to distract myself because I would go mental if I stayed at home, dwindled my fingers and waited for her to come home-depressed and aggrieved.

Dressed and ready, I dashed towards the lift and towards the lobby. Coming out of the cart, my heart jumped in my throat because past the marbled entrance, just right outside the entrance doors, Kyle and Sienna were wrapped in each other's arms-while Gareth was a short distance away, while the hired security team was onto them, while the concierge folks were staring curiously at the saddened couple.

If I thought that was wretched, I should think again because that was when the love of my life pulled back and kissed him on the cheek, before his lips and lingered there. If she was about to open her mouth and shoved her tongue into his, I wouldn't have known because I couldn't take it. I marched towards the exit staircase that led to the other side of the building, before hailing a cab, got into it and wished my life away.

I spent my weekend in stupor with my phone off. I managed to check into a hotel suite before I drowned myself into oblivion. I didn't want to talk to anyone else. Being along was all I needed.

Monday, I finally was out of my haze and decided to go home. Mind you, a hysterical woman greeted me. Quite brilliant, really.

"Where in God's name have you been? I've searched high and low for you!" Sienna screeched at me, eyes cracking with fire.

Halting my steps, I gave her a cutting glance. "Busy. Why, did you need me for something?"

"Yes-I needed to know if you were okay! Damn you, Blake!" She was about to keep going but Gareth brought in a box.

A delivery for Sienna. I'm sure it was from Matthews, I thought with pure disdain and loathing, before I grabbed it out of Gareth's hands and opened it myself.

What contained it was really quite out of the ordinary. Was this a sick joke? It was a certificate of a purchased funeral lot with her name on it. "What in the bloody f**king God's name is going the f**k on?" I eyed Sienna before I slashed Gareth another glance.

"What the hell are these, Sienna?" I asked her, needing answers this instant.

Gareth shook his head, pondering hell. "I have no clue, Mr. Knightly."

Sienna then snatched them, studied it closely, turning pale as she scanned the pages. With doubtful eyes, she spoke. "It's from them." She stated as a matter of factly, as if it has happened before.

My blood turned cold. "This is not the first time, is it?" I bellowed, losing all of my composure, my temper reared with blasted hell.

"No." she breathed. "This is the second."

Merda! "And you kept it from me? How could you?" I thundered out, feeling bothered and betrayed that she would keep something this significant to the investigation, but more importantly she didn't deem me worthy to know.

"I wanted to just ignore it. I didn't want to deal with it. These could be just idle threats to make me leave you. Who the f**k knows?" She countered, standing her ground.

Was Sienna this dense really? "Someone. Tried. To. Kill. You! That doesn't sound like an idle threat to me!" I screeched. "How difficult is that to grasp woman? But you don't care do you? Yeah, go on as you are, I'm sure they'd be hounding your heels much more because you do not give a flying arse if you die today!"

"I truly don't."

"Well, good for you. Truly. Maybe I should learn to be just a f**king cold-hearted bitch and not care about anyone else other than myself!" I fumed, glancing at her infuriated face, before I glanced at Gareth. "From now on, Sienna's in charge with you. If she decides to fire you this instant, that's up to her. She knows what she's doing apparently, so I'll hand it all over to her. Good day." I strode towards the lift, wanting to leave this forsaken place.

Sienna was charging towards me, spitfire. "Where are you going? I'm not with you yet!"

Yeah, everything had to be about what she wanted for f**k's sake! "Too bad, cara. I don't want to be here, let alone face you."

"Blake!" Sienna pleaded, before I shook my head and left her.

If she wanted to be in-charge about her future then so be it. What was the use to trying to protect her if she didn't want it? What was the point of trying to push myself with her if she wasn't interested?

I was grasping on straws.

I was fighting a battle that wasn't truly there because Sienna made it difficult for me to see-she was confusing the hell out of me. She was grieving Kyle, but was in love with me. How did that even make sense? If I had loved another woman, would she be this patient? Would she have done the same things I'd done for her?

Somehow I doubted it.

But whatever was going on anymore, I wasn't going to be a beggar and keep the scraps she keeps throwing at me once in awhile.

I was one desperate, besotted fool, but even fools in love have limits too. I think I might've reached mine.

Seventeen

Sienna

"Hello?" I answered Lucy's call.

"Hey, love. I'm flying with Chad and Luke. Will you be joining us or you're flying private with Blake? I heard he wouldn't be flying out until later this afternoon."

Hell, she was going? What? "Lucy, are you sure this is even wise for you to be there? I mean...you know, this is not going to be easy, babe."

She sighed, melancholy. "I think I have to see it with my very eyes. Then I wouldn't be thinking if that ever happened or if it was all my imagination kind of thing."

Lucy was an enigma to me sometimes. The things she did, I wouldn't have the guts to do. "Are you sure? That sounds a little crazy to me."

"It is. Anyhow, are you about to join us?" Lucy directed me the question I didn't have an answer to.

I didn't even know if Blake wanted to see me, especially after what happened earlier this morning. Was he washing himself off me? I didn't know. Toby's wedding was going to happen tomorrow afternoon and we all needed to be there tonight for festivities.

Clearing my throat, I tried to sound calm and under control. "You guys go ahead, I will go with Blake. I'm sure he'd appreciate that." Well, I hoped he did anyway.

"Alright then, I will see you lovelies tonight." Lucy said her goodbyes then, before hanging up on me.

After a quick call to Luke to get Blake's schedule for the rest of the afternoon, I darted towards the bedroom and packed hastily before I had Robert, the chauffer, drive me to Blake's office.

I knew he'd be in a meeting when I arrived, so I took my time and looked around his office, stopping by his desk, as my forefinger traced the outline as I walked around it. Memories of how he took me on this table sent stirrings into my womanhood. That was the last time he took me. Blake had an insatiable appetite, but it seemed he wasn't interested in touching me. Now that I think about it, he never even hinted into wanting to have sex with me since that time he took me on this desk.

My mind wandered to that night, until I heard voices and some laughter, before his door opened and in strode Blake with Adriana hanging off his arm.

Alarm bells were ringing full on as the waves of jealousy rocked me hardcore. I was frozen on the spot, my heart slowly breaking at the sight of him enjoying another woman's company, seeming at ease with her, and not to mention the fact that she had her arm on his-not bothering to care-or that me might have enjoyed it, which ever it was, I didn't like it.

"Sienna?" Blake frowned at me. "What brought you here? Did you need something?"

Yeah, I needed my fiance back. Where was he?

"I was hoping if we could fly together to Spain." I nervously eyed him, before my gaze flickered at the Latina next to him. Beautiful and tall like a supermodel with curves. "And who might this woman be? Is this your mistress?"

Blake turned into stone, eyes hard as rocks. "Don't be rude, Sienna." He glanced at Adriana, before guiding her towards me. "This is Adriana. She'll be taking Luke's place once he gets stationed in New York headquarters soon."

My brow rose at Blake, then at the woman. "Your assistant? Well you two looked far to cozy for a working relationship." My words barbed into my heart, loathing both of them on sight, before I wanted to throw more crap into them, but Blake interrupted me.

"Adriana, that would be all for today. Why don't you go ahead and prepare yourself for the flight. I will call for you once we're ready to leave." He nodded at her and we both waited until Adriana was out the door.

The second that door shut itself; I was ready to launch myself at him. "You lying sack of shit! You're cheating on me!"

"You can't treat people I employ like that, Sienna! How the hell do you come off accusing when you barely know the person?" Blake spat on my face, angered. "Adriana deserves to be respected and she's been a great friend. I'm not cheating on you."

I huffed, lips parted in disgust. "Respected and she's a great friend, since when? She's your f**king assistant!" I pressed on his chest, boiling to the hilt. "And how dare you let her touch you! You're f**king engaged to me, Knightly! You're f**king mine."

"Am I? Then who the hell owns you, Sienna? Because I saw you kiss Matthews. I saw you kiss him-initiated the damn kiss." He spoke with an eerie ring to it, like he was done fighting.

The usual hell he used to give me, the jealousy, the whole possessive Neanderthal in him was not there, and that bothered me a great deal. Something was shifting here and I was too late to catch on. "Why didn't you confront me? Why aren't you fighting me?" I wondered out loud, confused and scared at the changed man.

"Why waste my breath?" Blake threw me a glance, before he rounded his desk and sat on his chair.

Fear gripped into me, sensing and fearing for the worst. "What does that mean?"

Blake shrugged, not wanting to delve into the subject.

"Blake-"

He finally glanced at me; those magnetizing eyes had an edge to them, looking at me differently. "I don't know, Sienna."

Fuck. What had I done? I panicked. I wanted to say a lot, but no words came from my mouth because my tears were threatening to come out and I didn't want to give Adriana the satisfaction that she was coming in between my relationship with Blake. Gripping my purse, I directed towards the entrance before I heard him again.

"Where are you going?"

Not glancing at him, I stared at the glass across the room. "Heathrow. I'm going to catch a flight."

"I thought you wanted to fly out with me?" Blake asked, strained.

I shook my head, not wanting to face him. "Yeah, but I want to be alone. I'll see you in Spain tonight." I shot the words out before leaving his office and got into the lift.

Relationships around me were falling apart. I shouldn't be even surprised that mine wasn't going the way I wanted it to, but I should've anticipated it. Because since when did life made it easy for me? It gave me a little light then it somehow always found a way to lure me back into darkness. How long will I be its captive until I finally cave in and drown into my sorrows, gasping for my last breath?

It wouldn't be for long. I was ready to give up-on everything, on everyone.

It wasn't giving up.

No, it would be more of accepting fate.

Mine didn't lie with happy ever afters, but with a solid reality that not everyone gets the good stuff in life. People did live and die unhappy, unfulfilled and without purpose.

Sadly, it seemed like I was destined to be one of them.

Pulling my phone out. I sent out an email to me conservator.

Hello,

Can you please draft a will stating that in case I die, I want all of my money to go to the orphans, providing for their education and into helping them get back on their feet once they are on their own?

Email me anytime once it's ready. I will fax it immediately back to you.

Sienna Richards

Smiling sadly, I mouthed Sienna Knightly. It was never going to be Knightly.

Cruel jokes.

I hated them with a passion.

Eighteen

Blake

"Maledizione!" I cursed out loud after Sienna left. Getting up from my seat, I ran to catch her in the banks of lifts, but she was long gone.

My eyes darted to the lights indicating which floor her cart was going. I called security and barked orders never to let Sienna out the building, before I took the stairs and jumped most of them out of the way before I was eight floors down and managed to press the call button, hoping that the lift was going to stop on this floor.

I was heaving and almost out of breath with anticipation before the elevator doors opened and found a somber looking Sienna. "Hello."

"Hi." She tried to smile, but failed miserably.

Entering the tiny space with her, I pressed the button to close the doors, before spinning around to face her. "Do you still feel like flying out with me?"

She pressed her lips, thinking as she studied me. "If you want me to."

"I do." We were going through something that was rather difficult to pinpoint because it seemed like everything was going at once.

Once we were out in the lobby, I excused myself from Sienna, walking a few yards away to make a call. "Adriana? A driver will come fetch you and take you to Heathrow to fly commercial. I'll see you this evening. Have a safe journey." I had some of the junior assistants take care of the details.

I didn't have to glance back to know that Sienna had her eyes on me, I felt them all the while I was making a call.

Striding towards her, I nodded. "Ready, cara?"

The entire ride to Gatwick Airport was rather silent. It seemed that we didn't have anything to say to each other. Once we were up in the air, I waited until she was well seated and comfortable, before I got up and excused myself. "I'm going to shower. I'll be back."

Now enjoyed the cold spray of water, my mind was bombarded with thoughts of Sienna again. The urge to lose myself in her was dominating my mind, but I knew I couldn't because the last time left a deep dark void in my soul. I wasn't sure if I was willing to risk that again.

Resorting to the nature's way of things, I grunted before I heavily stroked myself. Thoughts of her, deep within her wet walls as she screamed my name, wanting it harder, faster made me frenzied, hand pumping heatedly, as my mind replayed Sienna over and over again, until I came hard grunting her name. Hot spurts of my se**n sprayed on the floor, before it got washed down my water.

Even after that pleasured session, I was in need of more. Closing my eyes, I shivered before I went for another. Still, it was of no use, I still throbbed after I got out of the shower, cussing my penis like it was cursed for a woman's vagina, destined for doom.

I didn't even bother to dry my hair before I strode out of the bathroom and into the bedroom, towards the closet that had everything I needed. My life was pretty much organized and I wanted it that way. My personal life on the other hand, was the polar opposite of it.

Getting the essentials, I spun around to place them on the bed, but I was surprised to find Sienna on it, naked, looking at me, waiting-for me to devour her.

Fucking hell, I wanted her, but I knew I mustn't. "Put your clothes on before you get a chill, cara."

Fire sparked into her complacent form, brining the feistiness in her. "I'm naked...and you want me to put my clothes on? Are you for real?" She sat up, before she strode towards me.

My c**k twitched at the close view of her, needing its release.

"Are you getting sex somewhere? Because you haven't touched me in weeks." She asked, wondering and fishing for information.

Dragging my eyes away from her ni**les, I burned into her. "I haven't had another woman, let alone have another woman service me-touch me in any shape or form sexual."

"Then why...don't you want me?"

Muttering with frustration, I ran my fingers through my wet hair, not knowing what to say. "Sienna-I don't even know where to start with this. I'm going through something extremely difficult with you." I voiced out. "Sex isn't the same, anymore."

Sienna gave me a small nod, before stepping forward. I thought she aimed to give me a kiss, but I was surprised when she tugged my towel off, exposing my hardened cock, before she took hold of it and gently stroked it. "Sienna-I said this wasn't about sex."

"I know-but I want to soothe my worries that you wouldn't stray while we're sorting things out." Sienna then got on her knees, making me groan in protest and in approval as she took me into her mouth, lavishing my c**k with pure utter concentration that I was in nirvana in a second.

Sienna took her time, sucking me with precision, just the way I liked it. Her sweet dedicated torture went on for good five minutes, never taking me fully into her mouth. When she felt more of my juices seeped out of my slit, she became corybantic, on a hellish mission to please me and me alone.

My throat ran dry as I watched in fascination, needing release soon. "Sienna!" I choked out, before she slid my entirety into her throat, eyes never leaving me as she sucked on me some more.

I was ready to explode. Gripping the back of her head, I pushed my hips forward. "Stop moving. Keep still with your suction while I f**k your mouth." Sienna bobbed her head in understanding before I thrusted forward, plunging my c**k in her, abusing her mouth. I cursed a few times before I wretchedly yelled her name as I came, draining myself into tongue, rocking my hips as her lips milked my c**k to the very last drop. "Don't swallow yet. Open your mouth." I commanded, my shaft sitting on the side of her lips as she followed through as I asked.

"Bella mia." I rasped out, before I nodded for her to swallow my essence with ease.

She got on her feet, but before she was about to leave I held her hips, stopping her. "Thank you for that. You didn't need to, but your determination to do that is much appreciated." Sienna gave me a small smile.

"Let me do the same for you." I offered, not willing to have sex with her, but I could compromise somehow.

Sienna shook her head. "It's fine. If you go down on me, I might go crazy and want more of you."

"Then I won't go down on you. I'll figure something out." Stepping forward, I softly pushed her against the wall, looking into her eyes before my hand parted her thighs, discovering how wet she was. "Is finger f**king up to your liking?" I murmured, eyes boring into her soul.

She nodded, staring at my lips, wetting her lips before she loudly gasped when I inserted my middle finger into her while my c**k twitched on the side of her thighs, wanting to play.

Sienna bucked, sobbing my name.

God she was so beautiful, I ached to be with her, but I simply couldn't, until I knew she was okay, until I knew she was free of her demons. I loved Sienna, but sometimes a man needed more than just a good f**k. I wanted to be her world.

Her purpose.

Her life.

I wanted everything.

My hips was rocking and I let out a strangled groan when her hand captured it stroking my cock, as I inserted another finger, f**king her harder. "Cara," I whispered into her head, getting lost with our intense mating. "Come on my fingers, per favore," I murmured, loving the feel of her br**sts rubbing against my chest.

Sienna made some tortured gasps, as her pu**y tightened around her fingers, making me mental because her grip on my c**k was just as tight. It felt like I was in her cunt, squeezing it around my shaft before she screamed my names, while her juices flowed freely, dripping my fingers and unto the carpeted flooring. I bit into her neck, muffling my own tormented screams as I came on her thighs, now lubricated with her orgasm making everything much more delirious.

"Sienna, my love." I breathed out, shaking against her neck, spent and feeling lonely but satisfied at the same time. It was an odd combination, but it was much better than the awful void I had felt before.

This I could do, I thought as I dragged us both into bed, wrapping my arms around her before we fell asleep.

Time. It was what we needed. If we were both patient enough to figure this through, then the rewards will be worth it.

The big question was, are we strong enough to survive it?

Nineteen

Blake

We were in the Groom's receiving chamber when there was a soft knock on the door. "Shall I?" I glanced towards Toby.

He nodded, looking pale and devoid of life. "Yeah."

When I opened the door, I shouldn't have been surprised, but I truly was when I found Lucy on the other side of the door. "Luce?" I questioned, not knowing if I should let her in.

She looked as pale as Toby. "I need to speak to him."

Gesturing for her to come in, Toby's eyes widened when he saw his ex stride towards him, dressed in all the wedding regalia.

Lucy didn't even wait a second for privacy or anything; she just batted right through it. "Don't marry her," Lucy said, voice cold.

I motioned to leave the room but Toby me a nasty look and told me to not move an inch if my life depended on it. "Bloody hell", I muttered.

"Lucy-" Toby glanced at me, then back to her. "Why are you here, Luce? I thought you despised the likes of me?"

She did, but the bloody fool was in love with him too, I silently added to their conversation. Hoping that this was going to resolve their issues, if at all.

Good intentions were shot down the second Lucille Connelly opened her gob. I cursed inwardly, hating to be in Toby's shoes.

"I do hate you." She darted him a steady glare, unapologetic.

Toby nodded, understanding it all. "I did know that, but thank you all the same for clarifying the hellish fact."

"What the hell did you expect?" Lucy retorted back, full of vengeance.

Toby moved past her, before pausing again. "You're more than welcome to stay for the ceremony. But I have to get going, I have a bride to marry myself to."

"A pregnant bride!" Lucy added with scorn.

Toby laughed, disbelieving. "Yes, of course." He gave me a quick look before storming out of the room.

Sighing, I directed my gaze towards Lucy. I understood her anger all too well, but she was pushing the wrong things. Maybe her goal was to push him to marry Amelia. If it were, then she did it superbly.

I hated when I was in the middle of my friends, it was such a blasted feeling. "Are you planning on staying?"

"Over my dead body! Like hell I was going to watch that stupid fool marry some floozy." Lucy fumed, before I caught the moisture that was gathering around her eyes.

She was hurting, but too stubborn to admit that she wanted him back.

"Talk to him. You two are still in love, why waste time?" I said the words, but wondered if that applied to Sienna and I.

"What for? Have you seen the catastrophe outside? He's about to get married Blake. My eyes are wide open, disbelieving the events that are going on around me. But that doesn't make it any less real. I'm throwing in the towel." She shot the words like they were some sort of goodbye.

Moving over to her, I gave her a quick hug and kissed her forehead. "Have a safe fight back, Lucy."

She gave me a teary smile, before she dashed towards the doors and left for good.

I was here, somewhere in this Cathedral, wondering if my relationship was just as doomed as theirs. I've known these two for years, Toby since childhood, and I could've betted my soul that these two were going to be together. They were so in love, but somewhere down the line, it became tattered as they let people pierce their armor. Together they fell. Miserable. Lonely. Alone.

Where did my fate lie?

The knock on the door brought me out of my reverie and back to my present. It was a one of the events coordinator telling me that it was time to get to the altar with the groom.

Toby was really going to marry someone he didn't loved. Someone he despised and loathed.

The world was a bloody twisted thing. Ugly and grotesque, but one shall survive and adapt.

~B~

We were now heading out of the Cathedral, on our way to the reception. The wedding took an hour and fifteen minutes. I watched with a heavy heart as my friend took his vows, promising love and forever to the woman alongside him, sounding like a bloody robot as the despicable woman just smiled with bravado, knowing quite well she captured a good man.

Women like Amelia were relentless and the world was packed with women with the likes of her.

I wanted to protest, but a quick glance at Chad and Sienna holding each other's hands, teary and gutted, I knew that things were meant to be this way. Toby was going to be a father soon. The man needed my support, not my opinion.

Life wasn't fair. Toby knew it, but he was taking it in strides, becoming a man I admired.

Twenty

Sienna

I caught Adriana talking to Blake when I came to look for him. Toby worked with her and from what I gathered, became a good friend of his as well. My hateful distaste for the woman became intense as the time ticked by.

Her sultry glances towards Blake were driving me insane. Yes, I was scared and jealous that she could easily tempt him, because let's face it; Blake wasn't all that enthralled with me anymore.

Not like before.

"I don't like her." I muttered, getting riled up the second he shut the car door.

"Who? Adriana? Why?" The stupid man asked.

I glared at him, gauging if he really was acting stupid. "She likes you-no-I actually think she wants you."

"No-what you're seeing is us building friendship. She and I got really close over the weeks." Blake tried to explain, nonchalant.

I tensed, freaking out inside. Shit. Shit. Shit! "How close?"

He was on his mobile, sorting through messages, responding to me. "Close enough. I talk to her once in awhile."

So, the bitch was worming her way into him by lending a shoulder to cry on? Fucking skanky bitch! Why couldn't she find her own man and leave mine alone? I simmered, trying to train my jealousy into a lull. "Why don't you talk to me?"

Blake was typing a reply, sending it before he threw me a glance, unreadable. "Because you're always... unavailable."

True, maybe my internship was taking up a lot of my time, but I could meet him halfway. "Then I'll make time."

Blake gave a dry laugh, looking at me like I had conjured these things in my head. "Sienna, there's no need for you to be jealous okay? She and I are purely platonic."

"Well, you should tell her that then. She's too comfortable with you. Too familiar and I don't like it at all." I folded my arms, still not convinced.

He barely shook his head, not bothering to answer me.

"Do you find her beautiful, Blake?" I asked, knowing the bitch was an astounding ten in any man's ranking.

Blake glared at me, patience running thin. "Sienna-this is ridiculous!"

"Just answer the question." I persisted, not wanting to drop the subject until he told me the truth.

"Yes, I think she's beautiful," Blake murmured, looking away.

I asked for it, but I was left speechless because the red lights were flashing in my head. Blake hasn't kissed me, hasn't made love to me or declared his love, ever since that last time in his office.

Things were going down the drain; I was trying to hang on to a sinking boat. When will I start looking for something to stay afloat and wait it out, or will I brave it out, bare without anything other than faith?

I could feel life slipping off me. Slowly, it dwindled away, draining me, until I was no more.

Acting wasn't a good forte, but I managed throughout the reception as Chad and Luke kept me entertained.

When I got an email from my conservator telling me that the documents are ready and could fax it right away, I asked Luke and Chad to Marbella's fax number, knowing that we were heading out there tonight. We have commuted from Madrid to Marbella twice already.

Shooting my quick reply attached with the fax information, I was somewhat happy at the thought of leaving my will to the orphans. The thought of the Brown's getting my money turned me cold and bitter.

The night dragged on, before Chad and Luke said their goodbyes because they had to head out to London for the last flight because Luke was New York bound tomorrow and they wanted to spend sometime together.

"Take care of my love, Luke. Make him happy." I hugged Luke, before sadness filled my heart as I glanced at the beaming Chad.

"I don't' get to see you as much. I've missed you." I kissed his lips, knowing that life was never going to be the same. We were all growing up, leading our own lives.

Chad kissed my forehead. "I'm only a call away. Don't let that bitch get her claws into your man. I can smell her shit a mile away." He peered at me, knowing what was running through my head. "And for the record, you're so much hotter, so don't let her confidence run you over, baby love. You're wearing his engagement ring. You're entitled to him. So tell her to back the f**k off. Or you want me to do it for you?"

Chad was truly a great friend, but I could fight my own battles, whatever was left with my spirit, I guess. "I'll speak to her." I assured him, before they left the place.

I was walking around looking for Blake. My tracks froze the second I saw them laugh together.

Something broke inside me. And before I knew it, I was striding towards them.

I have had enough.

"Excuse me, but I need to speak to my fiancee privately." I rudely interrupted, pinning the bitch down with don't-fuck-with-me-eyes.

Adriana's laughter died, before she gave me a sour smile, excusing herself.

She wasn't even out of earshot before I shot at Blake. "Fire her." I demanded, fuming.

He looked perplexed. "I beg your pardon?"

I gritted my teeth, running out of fuel. "I said. Fire. Her."

"No. It's unjustifiable. Just because you're jealous, you can't just throw around weight into someone's welfare." Blake dragged me to the nearest corner, wanting privacy.

Jealousy was a horrid thing. "So you're not going to do shit about it?" I pressed on.

His nose flared, standing his ground. "No, Sienna. I won't."

I yanked my arm of his hold, belligerent. "Fine! Fucking fine!" I spat at him, before walking towards the direction where Adriana took earlier, scouring the place that was surrounded with people celebrating the new nuptials.

Yeah, I was crazy, but I needed to resolve this tonight. I wasn't going to let it go, I knew as much. Spotting Adriana leaning against the patio doors, watching the fountain lights changed into different colors before I stopped right next to her.

My intentions were for me to calmly discuss this rationally like adults, as civilly as possible. But that intention went out the window the second I opened my mouth. "You want him."

Adriana darted me a knowing look, before glancing back to what she was staring at before I got here. "I do." She paused, unwavering. "Give it a few more months and I think he will too." She let the words sink into me, before adding more barbs. "I'm not trying to be mean or anything, but you two don't spend that much time together, and from what I can see, your relationship is strained-awkward even." She sounded thoughtful, like she knew Blake, me-us as a couple. "I believe your engagement ring is for show. But I think the second they catch the people who caused you harm, he'll leave. I think he's blaming himself for that accident, but take that out of the picture, what else do you two have?" Adriana glanced at me, making sure I understood what she meant. "The love has come and gone...everyone can attest to that."

Everyone? Pure utter bull. "First off. Fuck. You." I spat at her, losing it. "Second, your just his assistant. What the hell do you know about my relationship with Blake? You don't know shit!"

Adriana looked at me with sorry in her eyes-not for what she said, but at me-she thought I was pathetic. "I may just be his assistant, but I'm with him all hours of the day. He talks to me. Blake laughs with me. He jokes with me. Not once did I see him smile with you. Doesn't that tell you something?" She shook her head, as if I should know these things already. That Blake was slowly moving on without me-to her.

I wasn't going to lie because her words hurt. Knowing quite well that it was somewhat true, Blake was different. As much as I wanted things to be the same, they weren't anymore. "He loves me." I said the words, but somehow not sure if they were true anymore.

Adriana caught on me. "Maybe, he probably still does, but the passion is not there anymore. Do you know how difficult his life is? Do you have any idea? No? Of course you don't. Because you never cared or bothered. All you care about is your damn life. Blake already has a lot on his plate. Add more of your drama and he's a walking exhaustion." Adriana spun on she side, focusing on me now. "Don't you see? You're toxic. You need to get out of his life and let him be. He's miserable with you." Adriana shook her head, disgusted. "You need to set him free. You're not good for him. Everyone thinks so. Everyone thinks that he would've been better off with that Camilla woman. Basically, anyone but you." She looked me up and down, before leaving me, speechless and in shambles.

I made Blake miserable? I did, I knew too, which made it so much worse. I didn't know how long I stood there, but when I went to go look for Blake, I saw him engaging in a avid conversation with her. I smiled through my tears, somehow seeing what Adriana pointed out-she was right.

I knew somewhere, security was watching me like a hawk because Gareth had a family emergency, I didn't have any second choice but concede with the security detail. Seeking our driver, I directed him to the airstrip where Blake's jet and pilots were waiting to take us back to Marbella. I made an excuse of not feeling well and that they should head back out to Madrid the second we landed in Marbella.

Blake's people worked efficiently, and an hour later, we landed in Marbella, a chauffeured car awaited for my arrival. Thanking the pilots and both stewardesses, I strode towards the car, wanting to go back to the house and send out the paperwork needed by my conservator.

When I finally got to his villa, I darted out and raced towards his office. Signed and dated, I faxed the paperwork back before I took hold of the most expensive cognac in my hand and guzzled it like it was water.

Still in my designer silk gown, I gathered the ends of it, barefoot with the bottle of alcohol and my phone in the other, before I descended the stairs towards the beach.

The last time I was here, I was hopeful. Now, I stood here, with no hope at all. Tears flowed freely before I took gulps from the bottle.

The need to talk to someone was killing me. Folding, I tried calling Lucy but she was not picking up. I tried Chad's phone, but it went straight to voicemail.

So, that left me with one person.

Smiling sadly, I was going to lose it if he didn't pick up my call.

"Hey-Si. What's up?" Kyle greeted me on the other end, sounding off.

Hearing his voice didn't send any relief to my troubled mind. "Kyle...were still friends right? I can still call you and talk, right?" my voice shook as I asked him the questions.

Kyle knew me too well. He wouldn't tell me to f**k off even if his guts were screaming for him to. "Of course. Why would you even question that? It's a given."

Maybe if I spilled, he'll make them go away. Kyle used to make them go away. "I don't feel all that great-I thought I was fine, but I was pretending." I swallowed my tears, not wanting them free. "Someone wants me dead. The accident I told you about in LA were premeditated. I got more hints to scare me away."

"Fuck! Is there any investigation going on? Shit, I'm sure Blake is doing everything in his power to catch them. Don't worry." Kyle conceded, convincing himself that Blake got it under control.

If only that was my real problem. "He is-but what if I just disappear? Wouldn't that be for the best?"

Kyle became quiet in the other line. "Don't. You. Dare. Pull anything stupid, Sienna. This is not like what happened with the Brown's. Don't even f**king go there." He was now screaming into my ear, but I was numb from the alcohol.

I couldn't feel anything, other than my heart, beating life, breathing death. "It sort of is. I'm a f**k-up. I'm f**ked in the head. The Brown's did a good job in f**king me even though they're not part of my life."

Kyle was now perking up, knowing me too well. He was my best friend for years. I didn't have to tell him anything. He just knew. "Sienna-where are you?"

His question registered in my mind as I looked around the darkened beach, the sky dark with angry looking clouds, indicating that rain was upon the horizon. Large boulders were close by, so I slowly strolled to it. "Somewhere dark..." I looked down at my toes, the soft wave caressed it, before I let go of my silk dress, letting it soak in the water. "I think I have had enough." I choked out. "I miss dad."

My dad would know how to make me feel better. I was drowning and there was no way to stop it.

"Sienna...please. You have people that care for you." Kyle reasoned. "You have Blake that loves you more than anything." He paused, choked up. "I love you, Si."

"I love you too, Kyle." Feeling the loss of him great, but losing Blake was much more profound. "I'll speak to you soon, okay?"

"Sienna-no! Don't hang up!" Kyle screeched, but I ended it anyway, before throwing it out in the sand.

I wanted to get drunk and float away...maybe if I die then things will be much better off for me.

The fresh sprinkle of rain was welcomed by my teary face, as I closed my eyes, feeling it kiss my face. It may be raining, but I felt the sun on me, drawing me towards it.

Rain. It reminded me so much of my childhood. My father used to tell me stories when it used to rain. I felt my father with me. Right now. Surrounding me with comfort, wrapping me with love.

My dreams had their purpose.

They were glimpses of my death.

Rain. Water. The vast sea ahead of me, awaited my arrival. So, I went out and basked into the rainstorm, wanting to wash away my

Twenty-one

Blake

"Knightly," I distractedly said through my phone as Adriana kept on pushing the idea of twenty questions at me. True, I was drunk, but not so drunk as to pour secrets out to my assistant.

"It's Kyle Matthews-"

I turned red-hot in a flash. Where in the bloody f**k did this cretin come off? "Leave. Us. Alone."

"I second that!" Adriana chirped next to me.

My sharp, penetrating glance made her shut up.

"You're with another woman? You f**king left Sienna for another woman?" Kyle was yelling into my ear. "Had I known I was leaving her to her death, I would have never left England! Tell me where the f**k she is and I'll get someone else to help her!"

Help who? My drunken self registered before I stood up and strolled somewhere private. "You should've left us alone long ago! But you're a bloody prick that needed to snake your way in and shag her!" The memories were flooding back to me; the betrayal now fresh in my mind.

"You're such an arrogant, self-entitled, pompous ass**le! You should be thankful that she chose you or that I didn't get her pregnant!" Kyle drilled into me, unleashing something dangerous. "Keep entertaining that woman you're with. I'm coming to get Sienna. This time, I'm not letting you come near her again. I thought you would be good for her, but all you ever do is f**king play around. If something bad has happened to her, I'm going to hunt your ass down, Knightly! I swear to God, I'm going to kill you myself!"

"What the bloody hell are you on about? Sienna is okay! She's around this party somewhere!" I yelled into my phone, pulling my hair out as I looked around for Sienna.

"She f**king isn't! Her conservator just emailed me expressing concern that she changed her will. She's going to donate everything to orphaned children. She just faxed it an hour and half ago. Sienna hung up on me an hour after. Now her phone is shut off." Kyle sounded like he was breathing heavily. "She told me she missed her father."

Nothing was making sense. "And?" I grated out as I marched towards the entrance, my mind running through a million things as I tried to figure things out.

"The last time she told me that, she attempted to kill herself. That was when she was ten-years-old."

The words felt like boulders sitting atop my chest, I needed to get to Sienna. "I'm going to her now. I'll have her call you." I cut the call immediately, almost running, looking for her.

When I found Edward, the head of the security team, he informed me that they hadn't seen Sienna in a while, and I was ready to kill the bastard. "How can you be a security detail if you do not know where my fiancee is?" When he didn't utter a damn word, I held him by the collar, pushing him against the bloody vehicle. "You better get your arse moving and get all the needed information before I have you all killed. You're incompetence is a disgrace!"

My relief was evident when one of the waiters came to me and asked if I was looking for a crying, beautiful woman. He described her in great detail before he told me that he had overheard her tell her driver that she was going to head to the airport. Barely thanking the man, I barked at Edward and his team to get me to the airport. The information about Sienna having left with the jet made me feel dreadful.

Sienna was crying. Why? Did our tiny fight drive her to leave the party? Why didn't she come to me? I had so many questions... but most of all, what Kyle had told me earlier played havoc in my mind. Sienna couldn't possibly be capable of hurting herself. I knew that... but did I really? Bloody f**k. Fuck. Fuck!

The jet arrived ten minutes after we did. It was barely on the tarmac before I was striding toward it, ready to head out to Marbella. I was already running through the list of what would be needed for a search party; helicopters, people to search the grounds and the beach.

That hour flight was the worst ride of my life. Images of Sienna dead somewhere kept resurfacing in my mind. The guilt that was eating me alive was what I deserved. I shouldn't have let us be driven so far apart.

She had tried to talk to me, but I had been closed off because what she had been telling me was truly hurting me inside and I hated feeling that way, so I brushed it off; brushed her off.

It was childish and petty now that I thought of it. I hadn't understood then that Sienna was going through something much more profound than what I'd anticipated. It rooted to her past. A past that she feared-a part that she continued to deal with every time it caused her to gasp for air when it seized her dreams-turning them into nightmares.

I was a rotten bastard.

I deserved wrath for all of my misgivings.

The ride from the airstrip to the villa flashed before me. Fear truly became me as I silently prayed for her safety. For the first time, I called on my mother and father's spirits, hoping they could provide some assistance. I wasn't one who believed in any of those things, however at that point, I was ready to holler to God along with all the Roman and Greek gods for assistance; anything to let me find Sienna safe.

The villa was dark when we got there. The staff had left right before dinner and the kitchen crew had left immediately after, so it didn't surprise me that the entire place was deserted, yet the gnawing in my stomach deepened, indicating that something wasn't right.

I ran upstairs as the security team of five scanned the area. "Sienna! Are you in here?" I yelled out, hoping I could hear her somewhere within the villa, but the heavy down pour of rain was too loud and too distracting to hear much. After ten minutes and no Sienna, I marched downstairs and into my office.

I pushed the settings to reprint the fax messages received in the last couple of hours, hoping that what Kyle had said was wrong, but after the third message was printed out, I became drained of that hope.

Everything seemed so... premeditated. Sienna intended to die tonight, or soon anyway. No one changed their will that quickly unless something was up...

Dumbfounded, my hand shook as I placed the copy of her revised will on the desk and then I heard the team relaying updates in their headsets. "Sir, I think they've spotted her..." he nervously said. The guy's name left me completely as I waited for him to continue. "She's in the water."

In the water... floating? The voice in my head added to my torment. "Where? Damn you, tell me where!"

The man barely finished giving me the details before I rushed out of the villa and onto the beach. Sienna had apparently walked a mile away, out where the water was dangerous, the tide volatile with a 'no swimming' zone attached to it. The rain was relentless, but I could barely feel it because I was so wired with fright, my only thought was getting my woman to safety.

Never in my life had I run like I was running now; as though to save the world from its doom. When I finally reached the large boulders, I understood why it was not a safe place to swim. The river connected with the sea, making the currents fierce and hard to swim through. It could easily drag even the strongest swimmer down.

My eyes scanned through the heavy pour of the rain, seeing nothing out in the sea. "Sienna!" I called out, slowly walking further before I pulled my shoes off just as I spotted something red in the water. I squinted at the object and saw that it was her, her head barely making it to the surface. It was then that I noticed that she was trying to keep herself afloat.

She was alive and seemed to want to stay that way. Thank the f**king gods!

"Sienna!" I yelled at the top of my lungs, marching into the water towards her. When she didn't turn around, I grunted and desperately called out again.

This time, she did hear me. Sienna barely moved her head to the side as I swam towards her and when I finally reached her side, I held her like she was the most precious thing in the world. I didn't pause to breathe until I got her to the shore, checking her face to see if she was conscious because she hadn't said a word to me. Sienna was cold as death, her lips purple and her skin pale as a ghost.

"Do you have a death wish, woman?" I was frustrated, needing some sort of explanation, but she merely blinked the rain away as she looked at me then moved her head to the side, completely ignoring my question.

My hurt and questions could wait. I needed to warm her up before she got hypothermia. I didn't know that the security guys had followed me out until they tried to help me up with her and I had to tell them to back off. "Have someone prepare coffee with a shot of alcohol in it. I need to have that the second we enter the house." I barked at them before they scrambled to their feet and thought of other things to get that could help Sienna.

The second we arrived, blankets, warmers, first aid kit and the requested drink were all laid out for Sienna.

"We already called for a doctor. He should be here any moment now," Edward calmly informed me before I nodded and tended to Sienna.

I got her out of her clothes and wrapped her in sweats before bundling her in thick blankets. I wanted for her to soak in the tub or take a hot shower, however it seemed as though she was in shock and I didn't want to risk doing something wrong before the doctor could come to check her.

"Cara, you have to drink this." I sat next to her, placing the hot mug against her purple lips as she shivered. When she didn't even acknowledge me, I tried again. "Sienna, please. I need you better." Without looking at me, she slowly parted her lips, sipping slowly.

Watching her now, I wondered how things would have gone for me if I had found her dead in the water instead. The thought brought extreme sadness and I had to fight to hold myself together while I nursed her before the doctor arrived.

The doctor came and went, and not a word came from Sienna, but she at least compromised by shaking or nodding her head if the doctor needed to ask her questions. She declined medication for sleep or for the shock. She basically didn't want anything to do with the doctor.

"Is there anything I can get you?" I knelt at her eye-level, wanting to hold her forever, but I was scared that she was going to push me away. So I stayed put, biding time.

"Shower," she murmured, still not meeting my gaze.

It took every ounce in me not to press her further. "Okay. Give me a few minutes to prepare it for you."

Walking diligently towards the bathroom, I ran the shower, coaching myself to breathe easy and then going back to fetch her. "Come. Let's get you washed and warmed up, back to your normal temperature."

Sienna nodded, not bothering to hold onto me as she walked silently at my side. The bathroom was now full of steam and I had to make sure the water was not scalding hot before she went in.

I scrutinized her closely before she dropped the blankets on the floor and took care of the rest then walked inside the glassed shower area.

Sienna might've looked vulnerable to some, but I saw something in those eyes of hers... and I didn't like what I found. It was a look of purpose, something cold and chilling. The gnawing dread I had felt before was now pounding hard into me once more.

Not wanting to waste any time, I ripped my clothes off. With only my boxer briefs on, I strode inside the shower and joined her. Whatever was going on, I had to know or I was going to go crazy thinking and stringing all types of theories together; none of them any good.

Sienna knew I had joined her, though she didn't even turn around to bother looking. She stood against the water, unmoving.

Fifteen minutes later, she was still in the same position. I didn't care if I had to wait hours, days or forever. I was going to stay put and wait until she was ready to talk. She needed to know that I was here, that I wasn't going to go away, even if it took her forever to come back to me.

Kyle had been right; I was arrogant and too selfish to see what was truly going on inside the woman whom I claimed to love. How many times did I have to let her down? I had failed her time and time again. I got so caught up with my own twisted emotions, blinded by them to the point that I didn't see how my actions were affecting or contributing to our disconnection.

My eyes had now been sprung open. I was here, whether she needed me or not.

The steam cloaked us, wetting me while I stood patiently against the glass, eyes unwavering as I watched her. Time forgotten, I had no clue how long it took her to look up and maintain my gaze.

"Hold me," she stuttered as tears welled in her eyes.

Even though she looked like she was almost back to normal, her emotional state hadn't changed. . Wrapping her in my arms, I held her tight, not knowing what to do. She cried in my arms, while I soothed her, gently stroking her hair as I slowly moved us away from the heavy spray of the showerheads and onto the side, against the heated glass walls.

"It's okay... you can let me go now." Sienna gave me a brave smile through her tears.

Cupping her face, I wanted to ease her pain, but I needed to know what was going on inside her head in order to do so. "What happened out there?"

She took a few seconds to answer, contemplating. "I was setting you free."

I peered at her. "I don't follow..." I trailed off, heart thudding with dread.

Sienna nervously looked at me before serving it to me ice cold. "I'm setting you free." She then handed me something, forcing it into my hand.

Glancing down to my palm, I found it was her engagement ring.

Hell.

"Sienna?" My voice shook, broken. She couldn't mean that, could she? We were just going through a tough period ...

Sienna's lips quivered. "I'm done fighting," she sobbed and then added to my misery, "They can have you all to themselves."

What was she talking about? "Who's they?"

"Everyone."

She was giving up on us. This wasn't a joke or an attempt to get me mad because I didn't agree with her about firing Adriana. Sienna truly was dead serious about letting me go. Of all the things I had pictured in my head, this thought had never entered my mind. And dammit! It obliterated me.

I looked heatedly at the ring then back at her face. "I'm not taking this ring back."

"Okay. I'll just leave it here," she said, uncaring.

I wanted to shake her, get some sense into her or find out what the hell was going on. Sienna put me through hell the second Kyle Matthews spoke into that phone and I hadn't gotten off the damn hellish ride since. "I thought you wanted to marry me someday?"

"I did... but things changed." Sienna decided to meet my gaze.

With just one penetrating glance from her, I had a glimpse into my future without Sienna; a lonely world full of bitterness and pining for the only one, the woman who'd gotten away. Well, I wasn't going to let her push me away without a fight.

"Do you remember the first time I proposed to you?" My voice broke as my throat closed up, thinking about the future and rehashing the one memory I loathed more than anything. When Sienna shrugged, something vicious ignited inside me. "Well, I bloody remember it like it just happened yesterday. I can recall everything about that day. I was at the very end of my desperation, but I held hope."

"Blake-"

I swallowed the tightness in my throat, trying to breathe. "Let me hear you say it," I whispered.

Sienna frowned, confused at what I had said.

With my left hand, I gently held her by the chin and slowly lifted her gaze to mine. "Let me hear you say the words; that you don't love me." I penetrated my gaze into her, trapping her head in between my arms. "Look me in the eye and say it!"

"No, Blake." Her resolve was undaunted.

So was mine.

If she wanted to end this, then she had to follow through. "Just say the goddamn words and then you'll be free of me."

Tears fell down her face while she sobbed and tried to wipe them away. "I don't love you."

Feral anger reared, her words rocking into my system. "Fucking look at me when you say it. Fucking make me understand!" I yelled at her. "Do you hear me, Sienna? Fucking PIERCE IT INTO ME!"

She paused, looking at me before she opened her mouth while I burned holes into her. "I... Blake-I" She blinked her tears away, lips quivering. "I don't." She bit her bottom lip, drawing blood. "Love you."

Frozen like a statue, I didn't know what I was feeling anymore. I snapped out of it when she tried to push my hand away so she could move, however she wasn't getting off this easy. "Say it again. This time don't stutter!" I commanded, unyielding.

"No."

"SAY THEM AGAIN!" I thundered out, punching both of my knuckles hard on the marbled wall, making her flinch as if it was her that was being punched. "SAY THE DAMN WORDS, SIENNA!" My voice echoed in the shower area. I felt raw and punctured, gutted to the core while my heart bled out.

She shook her head, sniffing. "Let me go," she whispered, shaking.

NO... no... no... please... "Sienna-" I choked out, begging. "Tell me how... I don't know how." Obliterated by pain and the feeling of losing her, I held her close, wanting the reality of her against me, afraid to lose it for good. "I'm so sorry... please don't leave-I love-" I whispered against her ear while she gently shivered in my arms. My nose coaxed against her cheek, trailing towards her lips. "I love you," I whispered against her lips, feeling heady at the thought of kissing her again.

Her lips hadn't touched mine for a very long time. Our kisses were once powerful, that's why I had stayed away from them. It was much more intense than sex.

Inching closer, Sienna made a sharp gasp, gripping my arm before my lips gently brushed against her soft lips. I waited for her to push me away, but when she didn't, I pressed harder. The feel of her against my lips brought home the truth that this could very well be the last time she would to let me before she walked away forever. I was in the purest form of agony, kissing her with everything in me. I kissed her, wanting to say goodbye, however when she slowly parted her lips, I took the plunge and consumed her on the spot.

Was this our last kiss? The thought was depressing, but I was going to take this chance and cherish this moment with her because I knew I would forever be haunted by the memory of this beautiful, vivacious woman who cared for and loved the people around her without limitations.

She was the only woman I had ever loved-would love-for the rest of my life.

Twenty-two

Blake

Slowly lifting her body, Sienna clung onto me, wrapping her arms around my neck as her legs clutched around my hips. I carried her out of the shower, not caring that it was still running, and took her into the bedroom.

My lips never parted with hers as I slowly placed her on the bed. I pulled the comforter over our wet bodies. We were on our sides, naked; skin to skin, heart to heart, making love without sex.

How had I thought that I could live without her kisses? I simply couldn't get enough of them. Truly, deeply, I was drowning in them; in her... with her.

"Sienna..." Let me keep loving you...

I deepened the kiss when Sienna gripped the side of my hip and urged me to roll atop her body. She immediately parted her thighs and placed her heels behind my hips. The feel of her heat against my constrained c**k didn't help with the raging inferno that was burning within my body, within my soul. I wanted to annihilate both of our senses, take us to the edge of the precipice and exalt in each other, though right now wasn't the time... However, then she just started to lift her hips, rubbing herself against my length. Hell. Fucking. Hell!

"Dio," I groaned out as my hand reached around her hip to steady it.

Skin too soft for words... so delicate and unbelievably silky. I wanted to taste and lick her all over, but I didn't want just sex. I wanted her promises, her vows, her forever.

"Touch me, caro," Sienna pleaded, taking the hand on my hip and placing it on her br**sts, massaging. "Kiss me." She rocked her hips gently, her other hand cupping my ass and pressing it against her moistened heat.

Christ! Each breath, touch, kiss; everything that was going on with us in that instant... I felt it all. I was alive. I was on fire. I had wanted this woman for so long and I had her-almost-yet now she wanted to leave, for good. I couldn't have that because she was the woman fate had chosen for me. Identical to all the other men in my family, once that happened, you lived with it for the rest of your life. Sienna was my destiny. Just like my father with my mother, my grandfather with my grandmother, Luciano with Seraphina and my forefathers, all the men only loved once; it was a proven fact.

That's why I knew I had fallen for Sienna. There was no other way to go except to submit to it because, either way, I was bound to love her forever.

Pulling out of our kiss, I cupped her face, thumbs wiping the tears that slid from the corners of her eyes as I gazed lovingly at her. "I'm always going to be in love with you."

She sobbed, more tears welled in her eyes before she tried to look away, but I was unyielding. This was it, the last shot, and I wasn't going to let her not feel my love for her; she had to feel it. "Sienna, tell me what I can do to make you stay. Give me a list. I'll do all of it. All the other demands I'd declined before, consider them done." My eyes flickered back and forth, seeking more from her. "Don't take my future away, please. You're the one. You're my wife. In my heart, you're my wife."

"Blake, don't-"

"You're in love with me, Sienna." She moaned when I gently rolled my hips on her mound. "You don't have to lie to keep me away because I'm not going anywhere. Never wish me away."

Seeking her lips, the kiss consumed us both. She was delirious, heels and hands pulling my boxers off. She gave a delicious purr when my c**k sprung free and sat in between her wet folds. "Baby, I need you." She tried to take hold of my c**k to guide it into her, however I wasn't going to give in-not just yet-not until I got what I wanted. Her. All of her.

A hungered groan came from within as I teased her wet entrance. "I want to hear the words, cara."

"Blake, I want you," Sienna whispered, opening her legs wider.

Good, but not enough. I pressed half of the head into her channel, feeling the sweet opening stretch with my strength, choking it, before I pulled it out. "Try again."

She pouted, before relenting. "Please, Blake, make love to me."

"Not the right words, either." I knew she understood what I wanted to hear. She held the key for our happiness. I wasn't going to give in for a quick shagging in exchange of our future, no matter how mind-numbing, explosive or one of a kind. No. I wanted everything. The wedding. The wife. The house. The children. The dogs and the whole bloody damn picket fence. I wanted everything, but all of that meant nothing without Sienna.

"I can't."

She was being truly difficult. We loved each other. Even though we were going through a tricky situation, I knew, deep down, we still loved one another. I didn't get why she had to leave me. I'd do anything to keep her. "Apologies, but I can't give you what you want, either."

Sienna whimpered. "You're being cruel."

"I'm a desperate man who's in love with a woman, pleading for her to stay with me, to be with me, love me." Our eyes met and time stood still. "And I'm staring into her eyes, waiting."

"It's not that easy."

"The best things never are, amore." Trailing kisses over her br**sts, a nipple caught my lip. The pebbled rosebud teased the tip of my tongue.

"Blake, please. I need you inside me." Sienna shifted her hips so that the tip of my shaft could easily slide into her, yet I moved it to the side.

"You can have all of me. I'm not settling for anything less. It's all or nothing. Take your pick."

Sienna looked frustrated, but the pain in her soul was going through so much more. "I'm hurting you too much. I don't deserve you."

"I hurt more when you're not with me." Which was something I didn't want to go through ever again.

She shook her head, persistent. "People see how unhappy you are." She bit her bottom lip, cupping my cheek. "I don't want that. You deserve someone else better; someone like Adriana."

The rest of the world could go to hell. "Love me, that's all I ask. I will never want to go away, Sienna. Never fear that. No matter the difficulty, I will always stay. Always. I don't want anyone else. I want you, Sienna. You. Always and only f**king you. Don't make me suffer because you don't think you deserve me. I get to choose who I want to be with and I choose you. I will always f**king choose you, don't you see that? It was always meant to be you." I paused, uncertain. "Unless your feelings have changed." My voice shook, trying not to think of Matthews and how he wanted Sienna pregnant. "Unless you want to leave because you've fallen for someone else... fallen back into his arms again..." I was rotting inside when she didn't say anything. "Unless you've fallen completely out of love with me and promised yourself to someone else." Fuck, the thought hadn't entered my mind until now. I felt suddenly numb and completely ill. I rolled off her body and sat on the other side of the bed.

When she didn't move or say a word, I gathered whatever courage I had and stood up, shaky as I stared at the pouring rain on the balcony, which hadn't let up, then further out at the sea. "If you plan to be with him. I beg you, please, don't say anything." Images of her making love to him, married and pregnant with his child, simply killed me.

"Blake."

I wanted to answer her, but my throat felt too constricted. It was difficult to open my mouth. My chest felt like it would combust from the heavy weight of pain it was being put through. Had I known she was planning to leave me... had I known... I would've taken her somewhere far away; a place where no one could reach us, so I could keep her there, keep her with me and not let any other man ever touch her.

When my phone rang, I gathered it on autopilot. My heart shattered with the sight of Kyle Matthews's number flashing before my very eyes. Let her go, the voice in me obliged. Set her free. My heart pounded harder.

Without looking her in the eyes, I handed her my mobile. "He's been worried. I think hearing your voice will make him feel better. I'll have the pilots on standby in case you want to go to him. Or if you want them to get him in Los Angeles and bring him to you in London, they could do that, too. Just tell them what you want, they'll give it to you."

When I heard her take the call, I pulled some pants on and walked out of that room so fast that it made my head spin. I sought the cool darkness in the library. The fireplace barely made a dent in soothing my shattered soul, though. I drowned my sorrows while my ears were tuned to the sound of the door; the sound of her leaving me, my life, for good.

It took an hour until I heard her knock on the door. I knew it was her because her knocks were soft, like a little girl, shy but persistent.

Normally I would've called out for her to enter, though for the life of me, I couldn't move because I knew my life would end in a few minutes-seconds even. I was going to say goodbye to the woman I wanted to spend the rest of my life with. It would end here, in this library, in this home. Hell's arms were wide open, ready to embrace me the second she walked out of my life.

The door cracked opened. "Blake?" she called out before opening the door wider to let herself in and shutting it behind her. Sienna walked into the library, dressed and with her passport clutched in her hand.

My jaws locked. I held myself down and commanded myself not to move; not to speak or even bat an eyelid. That lasted seconds until she placed the ring on the desk. I launched out of my seat, ready to grab hold of the ring and throw it out the window, yet when she held out her hand, I stopped in my tracks.

"Make me yours again." She let her tears slide down her face. "I'm so in love with you, I feel incapacitated. I'm so in love with you that I'm willing to sacrifice my happiness for your own." She paused, sniffling. "I came here to give the ring back. I was ready to leave, but the thought of saying goodbye and never seeing you again-" she stuttered, pressing a hand over her heart. "You're in here. How do I extract you when you're in here?" She gasped and took a couple steps towards my frozen form. "I'll endure what everyone says. I don't care if they want to kill me so that they can have you all to themselves. I'll survive all of that, as long as your heart will only stay true to me."

"How could you ask that, Sienna? My heart only knows you; one woman. One heart." My shaky hand reached out to touch the hand over her heart. "This is all I know, cara. Loving you is all I know. From a distance to within reach, it has never stopped." I caught her hand and then slid her engagement ring back on it. "Men in our family only love once." I kissed the stone. "We love for a lifetime," I declared before I kissed the spot over her heart. "Per sempre. Ti amero." Forever. I will love you. I whispered against her lips, "Io sono il tuo uomo." I'm your man.

Sienna slightly brushed her lips, shivering before making the same vow. "Sono la tua donna." I'm your woman.

We fall. We heal. We fall in love all over again. Then it repeats once more.

Twenty-three

Sienna

It was four in the morning and Blake persisted that we wait to make love to each other until we had found our emotional connection again, but I had never felt more complete in my life. We were naked in bed, glued to each other's arms, kissing though our lips were bruised.

"What made you want to leave me, poppet?" Blake questioned.

He deserved to know the truth. "At the party tonight, after I requested you fire Adriana and you had rejected it, I felt like you were more in favor of her than with me. I mean, I was jealous of her already since the second I'd heard you on the phone with her. It didn't help when I saw her with her arm around yours in the office. I felt that you enjoyed her company more than mine. Not only that, but you haven't touched me in a long time and, when I came to you, you rejected me. You had never done that before; it was your first time." Rehashing the events of my jealous rage was not an easy thing to do, but I had to deal with it. "I sought her out after I spoke to you and confronted her. I wanted her gone, however she retaliated and her words struck me. It wounded me deeply because there were truths in her words. You've been unhappy with me because I wasn't making life easy for you, that you deserved a woman that could give you everything." I paused, before I brought out the truth. "I don't deserve your love."

"Adriana said that to you? Well, she's definitely fired now. I'll make sure she doesn't get hired in the business arena. She should have known better than meddle in my private affairs. " He spat out, half-sitting now, looking over to me.

I nodded. "She's right, though." The bitch had been right on target.

"The hell she is! How can you believe the pure bull that woman spewed at you?" Blake shook his head. "I was unhappy because I thought Kyle leaving England would make you realize that you wanted to be with him. I was waiting for you to tell me that. The history you had with him, cara... I couldn't compete with it."

"So all that drama was because you were jealous?" I asked him, incredulous.

Blake somewhat looked impish before admitting it. "If you put it like that... I suppose, yeah."

I made an animalistic groan before I pulled a pillow behind me and smacked him with it. "GOD! You're crazy!"

"Christ, I'm sorry, okay? But I do love you." Blake roared, laughing as he pulled me down next to him. "So, about that engagement party..." Blake started then nipped my neck, his c**k hard against the side of my thigh.

My Knightly, how I love you. "Tell me when and where then we can get it going."

He laughed, biting into my neck. "Just like that?"

I felt the wetness saturate my thighs. It was getting worse. Heck yes, just like that! I'm a hot mess. "Yeah." My voice was strangled as I tried to shift on my side, not wanting to dampen the sheets. "Blake? Could you get me a napkin or... um, a towel, please?" I asked, squeezing my thighs tighter.

"Don't you think it's a little late for you to be shy being naked around me?" He gingerly pinched my nipple, groaning into my ear.

He wasn't helping here... "I'm wet." Beyond belief.

Blake half-sat up with his brow arched and his eyes twinkling, and then slowly traced his gaze south to the apex of my thighs. His hand delicately touched the crevice while his eyes remained glued to my parted lips as he probed deeper. "Oh, Sienna. I turn you on this much?" His eyes sparkled; he loved the feel of me wet and ready for him.

"Blake." My breath caught as he went further into me. "No more teasing." I bit my lip, getting lost in the sensation that vibrated throughout my body. I let my hand travel south and played with my clit. I needed release... like any second now.

Blake pushed my hand away. "Don't be selfish, cara. We're coming together."

"Make love to me," I gasped, wanting to simply savor every inch of him. As much as I loved our animalistic mating, the sudden thought of almost losing him made me rethink my adamant demands.

I wanted our first time after weeks of abstinence to be somehow special, extraordinary. Magical. Memorable.

Those midnight blue eyes gripped me, connecting with my soul, knowing full well what was going through my mind. "Sienna-"

"Take me slow. I need to feel this." I kissed his lips, feeling his heartbeat against mine, needing to revel in this love haze I was high on. "I need to know that this is real and I'm not dreaming," I pleaded, feeling my throat going dry at the magnificent sight of him.

Goodness, he was so arrestingly beautiful. My body and soul ached to be connected to his in an unconditional sense. The gnawing need to experience that immaculate, sublime collision of primitive mating was the ultimate transcendent completion of life's purpose; like two broken, lost pieces were being put back together, forever to be bound.

Blake Knightly wanted me, in that alone I should have been secure. I wore his ring. I should've been confident. The sexy, god-like man was in love with me, that prime fact should have given me the power to flip off whoever wanted to come in between us, but I did none of that because I let other people's poison seep into my head, letting it run amuck for far too long. Now, I ached to fill the void that used to be marred with countless compounding doubts and endless insecurities.

I had so much to make up for and I was going to apologize one by one, piece by piece, until he finally knew the depth of my love for him.

"Ti amo." He pressed his forehead against my own, breathing heavily as he slowly entered me, our hearts beating rhythmically.

Each passing emotion could be read in my eyes as I could easily read his. There were no more veils, no more masks and no more prideful pieces being held back. I had become undone, loving him unconditionally as I opened everything in me-to be viewed through my scared eyes-braving it all for him. What was contained in my frayed heart, obligingly thumped through it for him. The tortured soul within, willingly stepped out of its shadows so the man could fully see me. That I had continued to be merely a little girl marred by life's neglect, scarred by the cowards who'd chosen to hurt a helpless child. The abandoned kid-the orphan-who had been unloved, only truly needing a hug to erase her guarded walls.

My life completely shifted the moment my father died. In some ways, I died with him, too, because I had confined myself in a space where it was hard for people to break through to me.

Now my guards were down. I had finally-fully and unconditionally-let him inside. There was no going back. I simply had to keep pushing forward.

It didn't matter what the future was about because, for the first time, I wasn't letting my past hold me back any longer; I was willing to let the sunshine into my life, letting the breeze bring crisp air to wipe all the webs away.

I was free.

I was open. To love and let love in.

No more chasing shadows. I was now ready to chase my paradise.

Blake Knightly, you better be ready for me because I am ready to rock your world. Heaven and Hell got nothing on me.

Twenty-four

Blake

It had been a week since we got back from Marbella and we were scheduled to head back out there tonight because the casino, Ricco Regale, would be opening in two day's time. There would be a celebration party tomorrow night for the people who had helped make this project happen; invited guests and friends.

So here I was, at a fashion brand launch party, waiting until her internship clock time was over.

I watched her from afar as she bounced from one place to the other; talking to waiters and other organizers. I waited until the moment she was finally going to be off; which would be in the next five minutes, I noted by the watch my fiancee had gifted me.

It wasn't that I didn't have anything to do, really. I was merely curious how my fiancee handled doing a PR event and, at the same time, I needed to see if it was really a safe job. Everything was fine, until I noticed the same guy-who I had assumed she worked with because they seemed familiar to each other-kept going over to her, checking up on things then he would touch her back or brush a strand of her hair.

My jaw was hurting from the constant grinding of teeth I was doing, but I had to congratulate myself because I hadn't acted upon it and yanked Sienna away so that this sappy bloke couldn't touch her any longer.

A guttural growl vibrated through me when the bloody wanker had the audacity to wrap his arms around my woman as she said goodbye to the other people, knowing quite well she had a tremendous diamond on her finger, screaming blatantly that she was off the market.

I knew men didn't care much for those, though. Hell, even married women could be lured away from their husbands. In this day and age, everything and everyone was available to someone who was unscrupulous. It was all up to the person to decide whether they were willing to take the plunge and commit adultery or not.

I trusted Sienna with my life. I could very well learn how to become less of an ogre when it came to men hovering around her to praise her beauty. Some might think that I only wanted her due to her incredible body and luscious curves that could tempt a Pope to sin. Others would probably assume I thought of her as a trophy next to me because her looks were combined with a phenomenal mind. I did see all of that, however nothing compared with what I felt when I was with her.

She had the capacity to turn my organized world into hell with a mere bat of her eyelashes. She could easily turn me into a sentimental fool without even trying. I was a borderline stalker, a jealous possessive fool who couldn't contain anything whenever she was near. Most of all, though, Sienna had the power to turn the ugly into a beautiful bliss by a smile, a whisper of my name, a simple touch. By just existing, she simply took my breath away.

Sienna had me on my knees, forever beholden and enslaved by merely one look she bestowed upon me-a simple look that told me that I was hers. For eternity. Per sempre. She owned me.

My gaze never wavered as I possessively admired the stunning woman who strutted towards me, smiling so big while she eyed me like a meal, ready to be licked and savored-a look that told the surrounding people that I was her property and one shouldn't even dare mess with her prized possession. That look never failed to make me catch my breath.

Sappy. Bloody. Fool. And I was proud to be one. I didn't care if I made it on The Most Eligible Billionaire list or that I had successfully negotiated my way out of complex contracts and business deals. Nothing, truly topped the heady high I got from Sienna, who was now a few inches away.

"You saw that?" She made a face, not sure what to do.

"I did." I was sure she probably was waiting for me to lash out, maybe dart a barbed comment here and there.

Her golden green eyes sparkled, eyes flickering on my locked jaws before gazing at me through her lashes. "You're not going caveman on me. Why's that?" She giggled and kissed me playfully. "Should I be worried?" she whispered against my lips, teasing.

She was being cute and I wanted to ravish her on the spot for it. With my hand behind her back, I ushered her out and to the awaiting car so we could head towards the airport.

"This is me learning restraint, poppet. I can't always go ballistic because a man finds you beautiful. You truly are-inside and out-and men are always going to flock around you. As long as none of them hurt you or step out of line then I have to act, or at least pretend, to be a gentleman."

"It's weird, but I find that very romantic." She grinned after the car door was shut.

I smirked, knowing quite well I had found the one for me. "You're just in love with me, woman."

"True that." Sienna leaned closer, resting her head on my chest, leg over my lap as she flung her arm around me. "I'm sleepy, babe."

Peering down at her, I stroked her cheek. "Go to sleep. I'll carry you to the jet and into the villa." Gently taking of her heels, she purred when I started to massage her soles. I hid a smile, loving the heavenly face she was making, eyes closed as if dreaming.

"I can't believe the Casino is opening soon. You're amazing, Knightly," she murmured, comfortable.

"I have to be. I have you and our kids to support."

She cracked one eye open. "What kids? Are you talking about Chad and Toby? They're both married now, duh!"

Toby and Chad, like I would consider those two my children, hell. With Chad always toying with sexual jokes, I think not. I laughed at the thought, though. "I'm talking about our future children. I'm thinking we can start with two then maybe one or two more after. What do you think?" I tested the waters, dipping my toe in a bit. Fishing at where she stood; what her feelings and opinions were without needing to blatantly press on the issue.

"Four kids? Hell, Blake! I'll just lend you my vagina and you can give birth to all of them. How does that sound?" She groaned. "I can't believe we're talking about having babies. What the heck happened to my hotshot playboy lover?"

"Me? A playboy? Never!" I huffed, seeming offended.

Sienna rolled her eyes, indignant. "Yeah? Feel like explaining that large velvet box that was hidden in the back of your shoe closet?"

There goes my exquisitely planned weekend, I thought, stilling, trying to remember what was in it. "What about it?" I frowned.

She took her time, dragging the words out, hinting. "Toys... videos of you with women, Blake."

Fuck. Me. That velvet box! Christ. "Those were from years back, cara. There's no need for alarm."

Sienna looked up, unreadable. "I'm not alarmed... I'm just wondering when was the last time you've had one of those?"

She was heading to that direction. Hell, why did women feel the need to investigate and snoop about, anyhow? She was wearing my ring for f**k's sake. "Well, f**k. Do you really expect me to answer this damning question?" I was past frustrated. Not to mention the well of panic was just a breath away. Those videos were well-rather beyond graphic.

"Fuck yeah, I do!" Sienna shot back, sitting now, eyeing me with evident suspicion.

A man's sex life was always colorful. Their fantasies, explicit. Put them both together, you get an ardent animal. A man down to its animal senses. Instincts. Need. Hunger.

No matter what side of the coin a man was born on, we were all the same underneath it all. We thrived on power, knowledge, glory, competition and beauty. Men loved to dominate. Feel the power in their hands, the need to possess one with implicit submission of their minds, body, soul and heart.

I was one of those men.

It was all back in my past. What mattered was my present, my future with Sienna. Nothing more. "When we broke up... a couple, maybe a few times. I can't recall properly." I was pretty smashed most of the time. Well, pretty much every night, until Sienna came back into my life.

"And you like these things?" When she saw me raise my brow, she tried to explain herself. "You know, have sex with two women at the same time?" she continued before adding, "or more..." letting it all hang there, like a big, fat bloody elephant.

I could do with this interrogation, as long as I stayed positive and not leer into the complexities of one's lifestyle. "I believe that a man's got to try everything. It has its moments and I had my fill of that. I do not need more of it, nor do I feel the urge to do so."

Sienna was silent, pondering my words. "Don't you miss it?"

If she weren't so serious, I would've made a joke of it, but that would be truly distasteful since she was truly bothered by it. "No. What you and I have is so much better, Sienna. Don't even think for a second that I would cheat because you'd be sorely disappointed." Why sift through semi-precious stones when I had the best one?

"It's not that... I mean, I had always wondered what'd be like."

Did I hear her right? Did she just say.... bloody hell! "Don't even go there. No man's touching you. End of discussion." The thought of her with men made my stomach churn. No f**king way.

"Caveman."

"Wench."

"Arrogant ass," she quipped back, smiling.

I laughed heartily before helping her out of the car. I couldn't wait until we were alone in the jet, just the two of us again. I didn't want to sound needy because let's face it, Blake Knightly didn't do sappy, but I was feeling it.

Now seated and buckled, I gestured for the stewardess to bring out Sienna's snack.

She made a groan when she was brought champagne and her favorite French pastries. I was going to spoil her until she couldn't handle it anymore.

She immediately took a bite-size chocolate cake, not able to wait for long. "Oh, geez. Are you trying to get me fat?" Sienna took another bite of the pastry, eyes rolling behind her head, closing her lids and savoring the taste delicately.

Sexy, I thought as I watched her with a hardened cock. Yeah, watching her eat was a novelty I indulged in once in awhile. She truly was enchanting.

My eyes drifted from her lips, down to her neck, to her br**sts, before I dragged them back to her lips, wanting to taste her and that chocolate in her mouth. "Ready to marry me this weekend?" I rasped out, eyes unwavering.

Sienna jumped in seat. "What?"

I smirked, amused at her frazzled look. Bingo. "What's with the horrified face? Scared to be tied with likes of me?" I pressed my lips together.

Her brows furrowed, trying to grasp what was going on. "I thought it was the Casino's opening weekend."

I nodded. "It is."

"Then, you're bluffing?" she reassured and then her hand reached out to get another pastry.

"Am I? Do you want it to be a bluff?" I watched as all sorts of emotions played on her face before I rested my arms on the armrests. Thoughtful. "Come here and sit with me," I invited. She nodded and sat next to me, on her side, facing me.

She bit her lip, fingers twisted together. "Um, I don't know. It's just that, it's just so unexpected, I guess."

She looked at a loss for words; I had to pull her closer and then kiss her forehead. "Relax. It's not this weekend. I promised that I'll wait and I will."

"Thank you. I know you're adamant to tie the knot. I appreciate you waiting." She cupped my face, looking up at me. Love shone in her gorgeous eyes, zinging me to the core.

"It's unfortunate, isn't it? That you're the only woman I want to marry? I suppose I could wait for another few years, decades even," I joked, wanting to lighten the mood.

"I better be the only woman," she muttered, pinching my nipple through my dress shirt before she stifled a yawn.

I grunted from the pain. "Goodness, woman. Calm down."

"Are you in pain?" She cocked her brow, uncaring.

Why, so she could do it some more? I thought suspiciously. "I'm quite all right. Nipples. Sensitive. Area. Try not to hurt me there, if there's a next time."

"Aw! Want me to lick your pain away?" she spoke and then licked her lips suggestively.

"I do, but the pain drifted lower, making it rather crucial. Might need some sucking, too." I knew she was tired, that's why I wasn't even trying to seduce her, but that didn't mean I couldn't have fun with it.

"Pervert!" She yawned. "I love this, but I'm sleepy."

Glancing at my watch, I wrapped my arm around her. "Let's get you to bed then. We won't be arriving for another hour and half," I said before I stood up and gathered her in my arms, walking towards the tail of the jet, towards the bedroom.

Carefully placing her atop the bed, I covered her with a blanket before I brushed the hair off her forehead and planted a kiss on it. "I have to get some work down. Sleep well, cara."

"Knightly?" she murmured.

"Yes?"

"I love you."

I smiled in the dimly lit room, content with life. "I love you."

Back in my seat, I went through some emails and called a few people to iron out details needed for this weekend. We were landing in Marbella in no time and I was ready to spend some time with her this weekend, with our friends.

Sienna was very much out like a light.

I had carried her out of the jet to the waiting car and into villa, stripping her bare before tucking her into bed.

Showered and exhausted, I slid next to her. "Dream of us, amore," I whispered into her ear, gathering her close before joining her into a deep slumber.

Twenty-Five

Blake

"Oh my God!" She gasped, taking it all in. "BLAKE!" She screeched, hand on her throat, clutching my arm in panic.

I laughed before I whispered into her ear. "Relax, this is our engagement party not our wedding."

Sienna groaned, throwing me a dirty look. "It's not that, idiot! I can't believe you did all this behind my back."

"It was all Lucy and Chad actually. All I had to do really was provide them with my credit card and they had to shoo me away. Quite rude if you ask me."

"Everybody was on this, but me?" She frowned, until Chad and Lucy finally came out and murdered us with hugs and squeals. Sienna threw cutting looks but was grinning afterwards. "How about you guys show me the party? I think it's time to get drunk and party our asses off!"

I shook my head, following the trio from behind. Tonight, with Sienna drunk, it will definitely be interesting night to remember. She gets too excited, and that's just putting it mildly.

The guests were kept at a minimum. I didn't want a lot of people about, so I agreed to a hundred when Chad suggested triple that amount.

We mingled about. Introducing Sienna to business associates and friends from different parts of the continent before my grandfather appeared on my side. "You're growing up too fast, aren't we boy?" he grinned, before hugging and patting my back.

"Good evening, grandfather. You look well." I observed, glad that the old man could make it. He hated travelling. He'd avoid it if he could.

"You'd know sooner if you had come and visited me much often." Grandfather then turned towards Sienna, who looked nervous all of a sudden. "Sienna, lovely to meet you again. Apologies for my rude behavior the last time we met." He sincerely spoke, shocking Sienna. "I hope you accept it and not hold it against me. I can't have that, you see. I want babies quite immediately, if you don't mind." He patted Sienna's cheeks before moving on to the other older guests-probably towards my aunt and uncle, who were also here from Rome.

"Did he just tell me to get pregnant soon?" Sienna looked at where my grandfather was before looking back at me, confused.

"He did." I murmured, hiding a smile.

She shook her head, grabbing a champagne flute from a passing waiter. "You're dancing with me tonight, right?"

"If you could get me drunk, I'd even let you do a private striptease." I grinned, winking at her.

"Get me drunk first, then we can negotiate. For now, keep it in, babe." She moved to the side, looking like she was about to kiss me, but instead, she secretly patted my penis. "Behave now, boy."

Tonight was going to be a fun night. I just knew it.

We chatted about for another half an hour until it was time for dinner, but before we did, we were interrupted for a toast.

Toby stood up, fork and champagne in hand, getting everyone's attention. "Thank you all for joining us this splendid evening. For those who aren't familiar with me, I'm Toby Watson, and I have been best mate's since toddlers with this dashing fella right here." He roughly patted my head, before grinning wickedly. "Let me be honest here, I never thought Knightly was capable of committing to a relationship-no offense-but all of his shenanigans halted-no-it actually disappeared when he pursued the other love of my life, Sienna Richards." He winked at Sienna, who had a wide smile on her face, before she reached for my hand on the table and held it.

"I'm best friends with these lovely people, and let me just say that I wouldn't just approve of anyone for Blake, but with Sienna, I was practically just as giddy as Blake was when he started dating her-and yes, I said giddy, mind you. Let's toast to my lovely friends, may you both forever be blessed with love and happiness, good health, babies and more instantaneous shagging that you both enjoy so much. Blake and Sienna everyone!" Toby cheered on red from alcohol.

He was grinning as he toasted my champagne flute. "Congratulations mate! I know yours will be a success. Love like yours are hard to find." Toby tapped my shoulder. A flicker of sadness crossed his eyes, before he looked at woman across from us.

Lucy. Of course.

Amelia was supposed to come, but Toby insisted she stay home, because he simply couldn't deal with the fact that Lucy was going to be here.

The night progressed as I imagined it would be. Sienna and I danced, laughing and drinking. It felt great-no-it felt perfect. When the older guests started to depart, that's when Sienna and Chad started to dance on their own.

"Can you believe I married to that man?" Luke shook his head, in total wonderment, as Chad started to dance saucily, basically giving Lucy a lap dance.

Toby snorted, taking out a cigarette. "You guys are in love. Nothing else matters, is all."

"Back to your habit? Since when did you start smoking again?" I threw him a look. Toby was unhappy, it was obvious, but he needed to get his shit together.

He took a long pause, inhaling the stick, eyes on Lucy. "When she told me to f**k off. I gave this up for her. Cancer sticks, she said. Guess, I could well be on my way to the grave." Toby muttered, sucking more on his cancer sticks. "Love. All for bloody f**king love. I call it bollocks!"

When Sienna, Chad and Lucy came to join us, I saw the hateful stare Lucy was giving Toby, but didn't say anything about the ciggies.

Sienna cleared her throat, standing. "Excuse me, may I have all of your attention please!" She grinned down at me when I look alarmed.

Hell. This woman was drunk. Drunken speeches from women were dangerous. "Sienna, sit down." I hissed, trying to pull her close, but she tapped my hand away, laughing. Fuck.

"I'm going to keep this short, because I am without a doubt drunk, but I just want to make a toast, to my gorgeous sexy beast, Blake Knightly." She winked at me. "He loves like no other. Commands like no other, but most of all shags like no other. I love you, boo." Sienna giggled, before flinging herself towards me, then French kissed me right in front of all these people.

"Sienna. Sienna. Sienna. What the hell am I going to do with you?" I peered at her happy face, skin flushed, glowing, and eyes with stars in them.

"Let me sing once then you can take me home."

What? Fuck. "Cara, per favore, stay seated. Anything really-just stay away from the mic." I begged, sobering up quickly.

Chad interrupted. "Don't be a sour puss puss, Blakeypoo. Let her have a blast. Who cares? You're going to enjoy it anyway."

"Yeah, love. Give us a nice number. I need to see happiness cause staring at Lucy is just too depressing." Toby muttered, darting Lucy a glare.

"Fuck you." She spat back.

Toby looked up, studying her. "I would love to."

That truly shut Lucy up. She looked a tad confused like she was going to make a smart retort but a part of her wanted to say yes, before glancing away.

"Luce," Toby whispered, before standing up and went to her. "Talk to me." He held out his hand, but Lucy just pretended he wasn't there. Toby shook his head, cursed then went back to his seat.

Sienna was requesting a song by Al Green, before we heard Toby's phone ring and vibrate on the table.

"Great!" Toby sighed, taking the call. "How are you this lovely evening, wife? Miss me already?" He forced a laugh, making Lucy look at him again. "Yeah she's here, alright. You need not fret. I can't cheat because she doesn't want me. So, you should rejoice. You've trapped the perfect candidate." He cut the call, shoving the phone in his pocket.

Chad reached out, tapping his hand. "Baby, be strong."

When I heard the requested song being played, Borderline by Madonna, I got up and swept Sienna off of there so fast; she didn't even see it coming. "Thank you all for coming! Have a lovely evening." I shot out, Sienna on my shoulder.

"Put me down!" She demanded.

I handed my ticket to the valet before I responded to her. "Not until you're inside the car woman."

Once my car was brought, I immediately placed her carefully in the passenger's seat, securing her seatbelt on before facing her, inches apart. "I love you, but you and alcohol during important events, do not mesh together, poppet."

"But it's Madonna!" She rebuttal when I was closing her door, rounding towards the other side, sliding in to join her.

I merely shrugged, bringing the Aventador to life, before I shifted gears and marveled at the purring engine. It kicked and sounded like a beast. I needed to get another one in London too. Sports cars were another thing I enjoyed riding-apart from Sienna.

She remained mum until she requested I stopped the car on the side mountain, the sea across us. "Stop!"

Did she need to puke? "Are you sick? Dizzy? Do you want some fresh air? Tell me what to do, I'll try to make you feel better." I asked, before killing the engine. She was seriously past drunk.

"Yeah, could you lower down your seat and unzip your pants and pull out your cock, please?"

Hell. Am I the one drunk or did she just request the hottest thing I've ever heard in my life?

"Seriously! Did you have to think about it!" Sienna was immediately straddling my lap, unzipped my pants, lifted herself and slid down my shaft with a contented sigh.

Christ, she was so wet, I noted as she started to rock me, before I slowly lowered the seat, angling her better. "Sienna, how you drive me mad." I groaned as she picked up pace, seeking my lips.

"Baby, make me come, please." She moaned out.

Giving her what she wanted, I placed on hand on the hip, and the other on her neck, driving and pummeling hard into her slippery cunt, before I surrendered to my own completion. "I love your spontaneity."

"I love your peen."

"You're hopeless, cara."

She breathed out, eyes closed, leaning against the wheel, smiling. "I. SO. AM."

Reaching out to caress her face, I wanted to drown in her beauty, into her and stay there forever. "Let's get you to bed. We have the Casino opening tomorrow."

~B~

The casino opening was a success, as to be expected. As much as I wanted to stay in Marbella, unfortunately, we had to fly back to London.

I just got out of a meeting, when I got a message from Sienna. What made it odd was that she wanted me to meet her at a hotel penthouse suite.

There were files that needed my attention, but my curiosity won me over, as I rushed out of the office, joining the traffic in record speed.

Truth be told, I wasn't truly sure what I expected when I got to the hotel and someone directed me towards the suite. Once I got there, I cleared my throat and knocked gently on the door. A Nordic woman greeted me, opening the door wider. She didn't say much but gave me a pleasant smile the entire time, like as if she knew something I didn't.

She then ushered into another room. She even did the courtesy of opening the door for me to walk in first, with a questioning frown; I stepped carefully, before calling her name. "Sienna?"

The room was dark, so it took a minute for my eyes to get used to the darkened room. The vast area was a good replica of that day I took Sienna for a massage in Knightsbridge, The Arabian themed room. Surrounded with candles, the intoxicating scent of amber and roses filled the air. I looked back when I felt the door closed with a hush.

This was getting might odd, I thought with curiosity with a dash of alarm. "Sienna, are you here?" I called out again, before I strode a few steps and immediately stilled. What in the bloody f**k is going on? My thoughts hammered when I saw my woman inside the silk tent.

Fucking.

Hell. Hell. Hell.

My heart wildly pounded at a rapid rate as I took in everything. Sienna on her back, naked, legs parted-with two women dressed in silk and corsets, a blonde and a redhead, tending to her.

A sharp gasp came from me as the scene dawned on me. Something flashed in Sienna's eyes when our gaze met.

The women were actually massaging her br**sts. Sienna groaned when the redhead pulled her nipple and twisted the other. My c**k throbbed at the sight of her. At this very instant, I knew that this woman loved me, inside and out, but I will not take advantage of that. There was no need because she was all I wanted.

I took in a sharp breath when I saw the blonde one took out a dildo and started to suck on it. "Leave us!" I bellowed. But my eyes were trained on my woman. I saw the women skittered off and out the room from my peripheral vision.

Now all alone, Sienna looked undaunted as my eyes heatedly traced the outline of her impeccable body. From her perfect br**sts, flat stomach, dip of her hips and her well-honed legs, were all mine to enjoy and no one else's.

Mine.

My wife.

I strode towards her, stopping a few inches from the bed, basking at the sensual vision that was spread before me. "You've been naughty while I was distracted and busy, working for our future, and here you are, indulging on sexual delights?"

Sienna bit her lips, nervous but excited at the sight of me, devouring every inch of her. "I haven't been. Since, you were into this kind of stuff before, I thought maybe if we could...try it?"

Yes, the woman I love has definitely lost her mind. "You do not need to do this. I am perfectly and genuinely satisfied with what we have." Could she not tell? I constantly sport a nice tent whenever she was near.

"But you loved it before, Blake. I just want to try. Oblige me, this once? Show me the kind of stuff you used to love. I'm open for it."

The siren was definitely serious.

Bloody.

Fucking.

Hell.

Images of Sienna in certain positions hardened, my ready to combust c**k to the hilt, it was painful. "Are you quite sure about this, poppet?" As much as the thought of her that way made me carnal, I did not want to offend her or hurt her in anyway. She's gone through so much. My sexual needs or preference did not matter. Sienna came first.

"I wouldn't be here, naked and wide open, if I wasn't sure. I want to please you. Pleasing you gives me pleasure in return. And yes, I am curious about it too. I want to see if it's all cracked up to be." Sienna sat up, got on all fours and crawled out until she hit the edge of the velvet bed. "Command me. Dominate me. Do whatever you want, Knightly. I'm yours to take and dictate. Ask and you shall receive." Sienna purred, confidently. Surrendering everything, leaving it to me. God, the power and high I got from her submission was nothing like I had ever felt before.

Dio mio, I have really found the perfect woman.

The feeling was heady. The feeling of finality when one knows that the person you love was completely and irrevocably yours. Body and soul, Sienna was mine. And I hers.

"Turn around, stay in this position." My eyes lusted after her pert bottom, her cunny in view, glistening, ready for me. "Your cunt is already wet for me, cara." Reaching out, I closed my eyes and groaned when my finger gently parted her folds, and more of her hot silk juices oozed out of soft slit.

"More." Sienna panted, pushing her pu**y harder against my digit.

Her little moans and tiny pants were driving me into a lustful, animalistic erotic haze.

Hell, I haven't shagged in a week, since she and I have been so busy after we got back from Marbella. Though the offers were endless where ever I went, I dare not do anything reckless. Truth be told, I was not even tempted to say yes. It never used to be that way. That is until Sienna. There was no one I lusted and my c**k craved more than Sienna. The power she has over me is overwhelming and it scares me witless, but I gladly did it. For my love, I'd do anything. Anything. At. All.

"What do you want me to do to your nice little cunt, love?" I teased, running my hot tongue from her pu**y to ass, lingering a bit on her hole, before planting a kiss on each of her smooth butt cheeks.

Her nails dug onto the velvet bed, delirious. "Whatever you want."

She really was f**king serious about me dominating her. Then, I will gladly deliver her delightful request. "I want you to call me, God, your God. I will be the only f**king star in your universe. You will solely focus on me, and only me. You will deliver each and every command I will ask of you. Your lone purpose is to please my cock, nothing else. In this room, my c**k is your purpose. You will breath it, live for it, consume it and gloriously FUCK this cock. Understood?"

"Yes, God. Now, will you please get a move on?" she was getting impatient, and I couldn't wait any longer.

I lightly chuckled at my woman. Yes, this lovely creature is mine, my lovely Sienna.

My eyes gathered all the sexual paraphernalia that was on display close by. "Have you had Kegel Balls inserted inside?" I asked, knowing quite well she hasn't, before I went and reached for the wicked balls. I amusedly shook my head when I heard her mutter some colorful words.

I doubted if she would be any good as a submissive woman. She's too feisty, but the thought alone, that she's willing to even try to be one for me, was gratifying enough.

I got my fingers out of her hole, slid it up and down from her anal entrance and back to her pu**y. She was so wet. Lube wasn't necessary, but I went and drizzled the liquid on her anyway.

"Oh. My. God!" Sienna yelped as the liquid started to work its magic on her. From her anus, it dripped low, gliding south.

My eyes gathered what I wanted to use next. Choosing a black dildo, I used the tip of it to spread the lube around her area.

I wanted her hot, cold and bloody on fire with need. I wanted to see her wild with abandon, carnivorous and insatiable.

I placed the dildo back on the mirrored tray, The Balls cold in my hands. I splattered the chrome balls with more liquid and let it glide against her sex. "I'm going to insert this inside your cunt. It's going to feel heavy and I need you to clench and tighten your vaginal muscles, so it stays in there."

"Okay," she whispered, breathy as I checked her cunt. Her pu**y was swollen, aroused and prepped to my satisfaction.

Sienna wouldn't even know what she'd gotten herself into.

"Come here and get on your knees, Sienna." I commanded the wanton woman in front of me. I watched as she moved and slowly removed herself off the bed. Once she knelt on the carpeted floor, I carelessly took off the robe and let it fall on the floor. "Go on, make use of your mouth and suck my cock."

She licked her lips and watched in fascination as she took me slowly in her mouth. The head of my shaft twitched once it hit the back of her throat. Bloody f**king hell, I love this woman. I hardened even more when she took my entire length without gagging. My c**k was deep, into her ridged depths, down her throat. "Perfect," I muttered as she did it over and over again.

When I felt the tightening in my groin, the stirrings of my orgasm climbing higher, I instantly pulled out of her mouth, panting as I looked down at the beauty before me. "Get on all fours, cara."

Sienna positioned herself without complaint. Kneeling behind her, I teased her pu**y entrance with the tip of my cock. "Back up on me, slowly push down on my c**k and stop when you feel the balls, then do it again."

Her arse gently pushed, aligned with my shaft as she slowly swallowed my length. "Everything feels so full." She moaned out, slowly repeating the moves.

This was only the beginning, Sienna, you'll know the feeling of what full really means.

"Ready?" I asked, pulling out, before the wet tip of my c**k circled her anal hole. She nodded, before I pressed into her opening. The tight band of muscles slowly stretched for me to go further. A deep grunt of pleasure and the feel of her tight walls around my shaft, I was dying to rear my c**k and f**k her hard, but I wanted to make sure she was okay, before I plan to annihilate her holes.

Sienna held her breath as I explored further in, noting how the balls made it even much tighter, before I pulled back a bit, then pressed a little further in this time.

"Fuck. I feel them rolling! I feel so full. So tight!" Sienna fingers dug into the carpeted floor, steadying her breath as I started to pick up pace.

I leaned over, kissing the top of her spine, trailing kisses. "Whenever you feel uncomfortable, just say the word, amore."

Sienna shook her head, before she twisted it and looked at me. "Kiss me, Knightly."

To enable for me to reach her lips, I had to be fully dislodged inside of her ass, and I slowly did that, making her gasp. Once I reached her lips, I stayed put and didn't move. I wanted her to get used to the feeling as my shaft throbbed and expanded inside. Sharing this kink side to Sienna, felt different entirely.

I wanted her cunt. I wanted to see it raw-the look of a pu**y that was well f**ked, destroyed, seeping out with my se**n and Sienna passed out from screaming my name in vain, in pain. I craved to see it swollen for days on end. I wanted to stamp it down. Own it like no ones business but mine, because this cunt was mine to f**k, desecrate and inevitably demolish.

"You're kissing me, but I can hear you thinking." She pulled back from my kissing, looking at me square in the eye. "Do what you do. Don't hold back. I want this. Ravage my cunt, Blake. Let the beast in you out. I want to see him."

"Amore, I'm going to say it now-I'm sorry, because I won't hold back." I groaned out, before I wrapped my hand around her neck, the other, pulling her hair. I made a guttural roar when the balls rolled manically along with my hard rhythm, burning inside her. "My c**k won't leave this greedy cunt. It will kill this cunt, do you hear me?" I bellowed, gripping her hair tighter, while she spasmed around my shaft, muttering incoherently. "Tight little pussies were made to milk a man's c**k good." I slapped her ass, not holding back. "I'm coming in your ass. Breathe and grip those f**king balls as if your life depended on it. I'm going to make you sing like you're in a bloody f**king opera!"

Sienna sobbed, violently shaking as I f**ked the living hell out of her. It was brutal as I pounded into her, that it borderline demonic, because it felt like it-but f**k! When I did come inside her, the first spurt of release-was celestial. I exalted in it, basked into it. I had never felt so connected to Sienna-there was nothing left to hide because she catered to everything I had ever dreamt of. "Too rough?" I whispered against her back, out of my mind-no-blown out of my mind.

"You seriously just-rocked. My. World."

That was something unexpected. "Cara..." I slowly pulled out, and groaned at the lovely sight before me. "Beautiful." I teased her pu**y opening, dripping wet. "Push the balls out, amore."

"A sec." She panted out, taking a deep breath, before she started to push them out, one by one. "Oh God."

This was a dream. "Sienna!" I smacked her nice bottom, gripping them both, needing more of it. "Go walk straight ahead, up against that padded velvet wall. Once you reach it, bend over and touch your toes. Make sure your back is leaning against the wall. Don't let up until I'm finished with you. Capisce?" Understood?

Sienna got up slowly, legs shaking. Once she reached the wall, she carefully planted her feet apart, against it, before bending over and held on to her toes, then she slowly pushed her back against the wall, leaning over it, breathing in, and out. "I'm ready for you."

Yes, this woman was f**king mine! I wanted to yell atop my lungs and announce it to the world.

I took my time stroking my coated c**k as I watched my beauty, hot and ready to be conquered, slowly strolling towards her.

"Am I enough for you, Blake? We can always call them back in. They can help-assist without sex." Sienna was still having doubts.

Somehow her pressing the subject, made me want to prove a point. And f**king yes! She was enough, more than enough. She was everything. "Shut that ungrateful mouth of yours, amore, and just enjoy what I'm giving you." I cupped her ass, massaging as I tested her angle, pressing her against the wall. "Close your eyes. I won't take long."

The first thrust pinned her against the wall, her pu**y tunnel were scorching from the balls earlier. It was like a hot, slippery oven, compact, boiling my c**k to perfection as I jammed into her snugness. The hard wall, gave the perfect angle, hitting her spot as it did with mine. Rubbing it until it was ready to well-to quake and unleash-what I had thrived for, my completion.

I felt my soul give out, my complete submission, to my body-to hers. Instead of her submitting to me, it felt like it was the other way around. By giving me a taste of this heaven, I was undoubtedly hooked.

Her warrior.

Her man.

Her slave.

Twenty-six

Blake

I was on my way to work, being chauffeured by Robert since early morning traffic and catching up with the events that happened while I was asleep on the other side of the continent and driving, didn't mesh well with Sienna.

Stuck in traffic, a family of four caught my eye. They looked quite happily as they chatted happily, crossing the street to get into the cafe before the father lifted the toddler, carried him and kissed him on the forehead. The child then kissed him on the cheek and then wrapped his arms around his neck, head resting on his shoulder. A faint smile played on my lips, seeing Sienna and I in the same position, hopefully in the next few years.

Something just clicked in my head. Before I knew it, I was dialing a real estate agent I've used for years. I'm sure it wouldn't hurt to set-up everything I wanted my family life would be, now would it? After all, I was the kind of man who looked at his glass half-full, instead of half empty.

~B~

A week later, I surprised Sienna after school. She glowed when she spotted me leaning against the side of the car, watching her look for Robert.

"Fancy seeing you here, Knightly." She leaned in and gave me a lingering kiss.

I kissed her back, speaking in between kisses. "A certain woman played havoc with my mind. Certain events from the weekend made me a tad nostalgic."

"What are you waiting for then, get us home, please."

Home, most definitely. "Certainly, amore." I grinned, guiding her inside the car, making sure her seatbelt was secured before I went to my side and gunned the engine.

She was chatting happily about her day, simply distracted, until she paused and made a complaint. "Ugh. What's taking so long for you to get us home?" Sienna looked around, taking in the direction we were going. "Are you taking a new route?" She glanced at me. "I've never been around here before."

"We're almost there," I assured her, grabbing her hand, kissing it and placing it on my leg.

Stopping outside the gate, I took out the remote to open it before I heard a loud gasp beside me. "Whose house is this? It's amazing!"

"It's your new home." I squeezed her hand. "It's ours." The estate was in Bishops Avenue in north London. Price tags around this side of town were notorious. I knew Sienna was going to protest, but it was already done.

I decided to move and get out of the car. I was about to go to her and help her out, but she was already out of the vehicle, frowning at the house.

It was a beautiful ten-bedroom home. It had a state of the art gym, a library, office, indoor and outdoor pool, spa, massive kitchen, a large garage that could fit eight cars in it, staff quarters, sprawling English gardens, but most of all, I had something to entice her. "I had a studio installed for you."

"Blake-" she started before I interrupted her.

"Do you love it?"

"I do, but how much does a house like this cost? Ten million pounds?" Sienna wondered out loud, head shaking, skeptical.

"Forty-one, actually."

"Holy shit! You're insane. We can't live in a place like this! Let's get the hell out." She motioned back, retreating.

"It's already paid for."

Sienna gasped, eyes popping. "What?" She paused, staring at me with eyes full of shock. "But that's a lot of money."

"I can afford it. Don't you worry; there's plenty where that came from so I can spoil you rotten." I strode over to her, wanting to soothe her troubled face.

Sienna shook her head, disbelieving. "You sure you didn't take some out from your grandfather's bank account?"

I laughed, amused at where her head was going. "I assure you, mi amore, the money came from my bank and no one else's." I pulled her close, circling my arms around her neck, kissing her cheek as I rested her head against my shoulder. "If I tell you that I have billions in the bank, would it change your mind and marry me tomorrow? I don't want a pre-nup either, so you're going to win either way."

Those gorgeous eyes flashed at me, ticked off. "Funny, ha ha. With or without your billions, the answer remains the same, buddy. We had an engagement party. Baby steps, please. I love you, but please let's slow down."

"I'm sorry. I just want to be your husband. I'm obsessing over it, is that so bad?" I groaned when Sienna kissed my cheek, stroking it with her fingertips.

"Can't believe a man like you is obsessing about getting married at this age. Usually, they run the other way and enjoy their freedom." She spun around to face me, cupping my face, pulling it close so I could see her enlightened one. "I'm lucky to have a man who's obsessed to be with me. These things only happen in books, but you-you became my fairytale."

"I used to run the other way, mind you. It could be because you were in a relationship then that made me want to get close you because if you weren't, my guard would've been high up and no woman can break through it. We became friends and for months you couldn't stop talking about how much you loved him. Back then, I used to imagine what it would be like if you were mine and you spoke that way to everyone about being with me. It made me realize how badly I wanted to be that man. I fell for you in ways unimaginable. Ways where Shakespeare used to describe how Romeo felt for his Juliet. I thought it all rubbish until you came into my life." My gaze caressed her loving face, meaning each word I'd spoken out loud, full of devotion and intense love for this one being, right before me.

"I got to know the real you, the beautiful woman inside, and the flawless, stunning exterior beauty was just an added bonus to the package." I paused, noting the teary look she was giving me, smiling as she bit her lower lip, trying in earnest not to cry. "And of course, it doesn't hurt a bit that sex with you is truly phenomenal, that it surpasses anything and anyone I knew before I met you."

She giggled, smacking me on the arm. "Stop being such a horndog."

I laughed, kissing her. We were moving forward, thinking about the future. I couldn't wait until my dreams turned into reality. This massive estate will be filled with laughter, our children playing football in the garden and chaos will reign with dirty socks, muddy shoes, sticky bits everywhere, tantrums and tears.

Yes, I could imagine family was going to be chaotic and I would love every second of it because I would be sharing that life with Sienna.

Of course I didn't voice out, but one by one, the pieces will fall into place and she will be sharing this dream with me. One day.

~B~

A week later, we were moved in and settled into our new home. I liked coming home to this new home compared to my penthouse because this one felt like it truly was a home for a family.

I was on my way up the stairs when I passed by Freya, asking where Sienna was.

Freya smiled, finger pointing to the left. "She's in the studio, sir. She's been in there for over an hour now," she informed me with a smile.

"Thank you. I'll go ahead and check on her then." Loosening up my tie as I strolled towards the studio downstairs, I held my breath when I finally opened the door and saw my woman, dancing with a slow beat of Ciara's "Body Party" she'd been singing for the last week. Candles lit the studio. The surround sound and surrounding mirrored-walls made everything so sensual-sexual.

Sienna had white sweatpants that rode low on the hips and hugged her nicely shaped buns. A white sports bra that made her br**sts looked smothered and flat, toned stomach that had that beautiful two-contoured deep line on the sides, showing how fit she was.

She danced to the beat, eyes closed, legs apart as her hips moved in slow rhythmic grind while her hands splayed from the sides of her br**sts and skimmed it lower. Her hips then rocked lower before she spun around and did the steps all over again.

Never in my life had I seen a woman that could arouse me like this woman could. It was the sexiest thing I had ever seen. She was in tune with her body as she moved fluidly in erotic movements. It took awhile to register that Sienna had her eyes open, watching me in the mirror.

A sharp quick gasp came from me when she spun around and directly faced me, slowly dancing for me. FUCK. ME. LEFT. AND. RIGHT. HEAVEN AND HELL. I almost came in my pants when I saw her bite her bottom lip, left hand went through her hair as she sexily moved it to the side, looking more sultry than any woman had a right to. She then smiled at me; a knowledgeable smile that said she knew the effect she had on my body.

My throat was dry, but I couldn't utter a mere word, nor could I move an inch because my c**k was about to explode and a stead, tiny flow of my essence was starting to seep out of my puny slit.

I should've known that the witch barely started in teasing me. She took hold of a nearby chair, smiled at me, hips swaying and forefinger waving at me to come and sit, enjoy the front row private show I was getting.

When she saw I was not sure if I should go over there or not, she shook her head. "Get your sexy, tight arse on this chair, Knightly!"

Bloody hell. Straining my tie as I pulled it from side to side, I started to get a move on. I barely raised a brow at her when she simply pushed me down to sit. My eyes flickered at the mirror right before me, noting the blatant hardness of my shaft in my pants. My attention quickly darted back to the woman who was behind me before she held my shoulders, gently skimming them up and down in seductive strokes as the same song repeated again.

"Take your c**k out, baby, and stroke it," Sienna rasped against my ear, making my hairs stand out and my toes seriously curl. I was past turned on when she spoke again, bringing me to heel, knowing I was never going to stop loving this woman. "Watch me. Feel my moves. Connect with me. Feel how I badly want you."

If I weren't so turned on, I would've held back from stroking my shaft right this instant, but I needed some sort of release and freeing it would help a great deal. When it was released from its closed confines, the tip glistened with moisture. Stroking it, my gaze followed the enchantress.

Sienna slowly took off her tiny sports bra, exposing those creamy orbs I idolized like no other. Licking her lips, she parted her legs, slowly rocking as she dipped low, almost to the ground and placed her hand against her mound, rubbing it, gradually, eyes not leaving mine. She then placed her hands on the sides of her br**sts, pushing them together before she placed her back against my chest, straddling me, eyes meeting in the mirror. She gave me a seductive smile and then she closed her eyes, pushed her head against my shoulder then grinded and rocked on top of me, c**k nestled in between her clothed ass cheeks as she moved purposely.

If she didn't stop now, I was going to come all over her luscious ass. Like she knew what was going on inside my head, she stopped and swung her legs in the middle, in between mine as she started her hypnotizing moves. I groaned out loud when she started peeling her sweat pants off.

My hand immediately sought my strangled cock, jerking it with gusto as I watched her slowly move apart with no scrap of clothing. The candlelight gave her body a sultry, exotic glow. And those eyes, mind you, were truly exquisite.

Sienna leaned over, taking my tie off before she hung it on around her neck, hands tugging both ends as looked at me with hooded eyes and dipped lower again, legs splayed open, exposing to me her glorious cunt. Holy blasted hell! This was my woman! MINE. MINE. MINE. She was f**king perfect.

She gave me a teasing smile before she got on her knees and crawled towards the mirror, the one facing us, giving me a great view of her behind and her glistening folds. She stood up and leaned against the mirror, legs slightly apart and moved her body in an erotic wave, one hand gliding slowly across her br**sts and then dipping it low between her legs, slowly touching herself.

Kill me now. "Sienna," I rasped out, desperate.

My eyes jumped out of their sockets when she circled the tie a couple time around her knuckle, before she placed the luckiest tie in between her legs. Her other hand took hold of the other end of the tie before she swung her hips back and forth, rubbing it against her folds. I swallowed, all breath leaving me as I lusted after the sight of my life. "I need to soak my c**k inside you, per favore. I'm dying, mi amore."

My relief was evident when I saw her nod, stood up and handed my tie back before spinning around and placing her hands behind her hips. "Tie me," Sienna commanded when I questioned her through my eyes.

"Fuck, woman. My c**k is fevered for you," I grounded out as I quickly bounded her wrists. There was nothing sexier than a woman who freely gave herself to the man she loved, giving him full control of her body.

Parting her legs with her butt out, she carefully leaned over, giving me enough leverage to enter her in one obliterating thrust. My c**k surged forth into her heavenly hot, moist, glorious cunt. Sienna almost fell onto the ground from the impact, but my left hand held the bounded tie, so she became my puppet as I pushed her back up and rammed her harder.

"Do you like how my forceful c**k is seizing your pu**y? Desecrating it for my own great pleasure?"

Sienna groaned before dishing out demands. "More. I want to feel you come inside me, Blake. Pound me like you're angry with me. Wreck your whore's pu**y. Destroy it before shattering into me."

The feral beast in me emerged when she called herself my whore. Right then and there, I was forever enslaved to her. With a hard tug, Sienna was standing straight and then I got hold of her hips and placed both of my hands on the sides, gripping it hard.

"Is this want you're demanding, my beautiful whore?" I bellowed before I snaked my left arm and tugged on her nipple as I smashed her mound harder than before. Leaving her pebbled nipple, my hand took hold of her neck and drove into her with profound, annihilating speed, with a goal of ambushing and assassinating her glorious cunny hole.

Our pleasured cries echoed throughout the room before we got locked down on our orgasms as I took her for another minute, giving her another orgasm before mine seized me completely, dispensing thick ropes after ropes of hot se**n inside her womb.

"FUCK!" I snarled, losing it completely when her vaginal muscles tightened around my orgasming cock, tripling the earth-shattering sensation into euphoric divinity. "Jesus Christ!" I muttered with closed lids, shaking as I squirted a few more into her. Then, we collapsed on the chair, her sitting atop me, c**k not dislodging from her channel.

Sienna twisted her head, arresting my lips against hers, melding us into one. Our hearts beating, breathing, living as one, as a whole, as a fitted puzzle. I had never felt so content in my life.

"I love you," I whispered, eyes boring into her, giving her everything that I was and all I could ever be, endlessly.

"You're mine, Knightly." Sienna kissed me with possessiveness, making sure I got the message loud and clear. "I love you." She kissed me again, gently biting on my bottom lip. "I love you." Her hands were tugging on the hair on the back of my head, fierce. "I f**king love you!" she declared, grounding her pu**y down on my growing shaft inside her.

I smiled, thinking that she was just as crazy as I was.

Twenty-seven

Sienna

"Give me five minutes then I'll be ready to leave." I rushed past Gareth, trying to hunt down where I left my summer mock-ups for design class that were due today.

"Miss Sienna?" I could hear Gareth come towards me.

"Shit," I muttered when I didn't find anything in the living room. Where in the world did I leave them?

Gareth cleared his throat before he moved right before me. His usual friendly calm demeanor, gone. I raised my brow, wondering before he voiced his thoughts. "I'm not quite too sure if going to your classes today would be wise. I have to call Mr. Knightly and see what he says first."

My skin prickled. My stomach dropped. I knew what was behind his attitude. Something happened and he was reluctant to tell me why. "Tell me. I can handle it."

"After the last delivery you got in Mayfair the last time, Mr. Knightly ordered me to check every single thing before handing them to you. I know the first one was overlooked because for some reason, the delivery person didn't go through the lobby like the normal delivery person would do. He parked underground and took the stairs."

Okay, I didn't know this either. "Thanks, but what's the delivery now? A dead cat?" The image that flashed in my head almost made me hurl. I truly despised blood.

Gareth shook his head. "You got flowers. I believe it's your favorite one since Mr. Knightly always brings you the same kind almost everyday. It came with gifts."

Who was the sicko behind these twisted mind games? Why couldn't she just come out of her hiding and fight it out with me. I swear, I wouldn't back down even if she was buffed out like Xena, the warrior princess. This whole stupid thing was seriously messing with my head. It was disrupting the future I had with Blake and it's disconcerting.

Who was she? I wondered, running through the list of women in my head. "Show them to me."

"We should call Mr. Knightly first."

I had a better idea. "Why don't you call him while I look at these presents."

Gareth agreed as I moved towards the kitchen table, where everything was located.

When I was about to open the box, Edward, the head of security, came running towards me.

"Do not touch that without gloves. There could be evidence; finger prints or any clue that could lead us to solve this ungodly tantrum of a scorned ex-lover," Edward muttered when he said scorned ex-lover.

I was sure he was getting sick of this merry-go-round of games, but the culprit had been hiding and hadn't attempted anything after the second delivery I had in Mayfair. I was almost positive with Blake purchasing this new home and our recent engagement; it triggered these creative gifts my way.

"Edward, do you guys have any suspects yet?" I asked calmly, not wanting to show any emotions in regard to this annoyance.

"There's been a development today. I'm not sure if I should be the one to tell you. Maybe the boss will tell you himself when he gets back from the office." Edward's pale blue eyes eyed me with concern, looking almost sorry for me.

"I'm not a little girl. I can handle it. Besides, this is my life. I deserve to know." I was going to see what was in these boxes, come hell or high water.

"Sorry, Miss Sienna. Truly, I am. You just look so young-and something about you reminds me of my daughter. She died so young after Leukemia." He paused, looking more of a concerned father than head of my security.

Edward was what? Forty? Forty-five? He must've had the baby so young then. "I'm sorry about your child. I heard losing them is the hardest thing a parent can ever go through."

"It is." He sighed, contemplating if he should show them to me or not. "I need to check on these, anyway. I suppose you could just stand right here and promise not to touch a thing."

I held up my hand, promising, "Scouts honor."

He nodded; now back into his roughened, hardcore persona. "All right then."

Edward took his gloves out, scrutinizing everything before he deemed it was time to open the parcels.

The first box contained a picture in a cemetery with an empty plot. There was a large red x on it with a large indication "to be buried here" with a dead rat hanging off its tail, blood dripping from its throat.

The second present had a picture of me in a gown, with frame measurements from head to foot, my width and weight. Underneath it was a picture of a white coffin, attached with measurements that matched mine.

The third box had an eight-by-ten picture. The picture itself brought goosebumps out. It was a photo with the same burial plot in the cemetery, but now it had a marble tablet.

Sienna Richards

1992-2013

Died on June 28thof 2013

An orphan. Unloved. Alone.

"You live and die a filth. Rest well, in hell."

"Son of a mother f**king bitch!" Edward cursed, dropping the picture.

"Wow," I whispered, swallowing what was left in my parched throat. "Someone is seriously keen for me to die, huh?" I wanted to laugh, but I couldn't muster even a fake or forced one.

Today was the twenty-seventh. Tomorrow, someone was planning to end me, my life.

"I'm sorry, but you cannot leave the house until this is solved," he informed me, worry evident on his face.

I nodded my head as I walked away, wanting the solitude of the bedroom. Walking down the hall, I got a text from Lucy.

Love, I forgot my keys inside the flat. I locked myself out. Would you be a dear and let me borrow yours? I'm still in class, so we can meet at the cafe outside school or in the flat. I'm off at three. Sorry, things have been so out of order and my mind is all over the place.

I smiled, even in my depressed state. It was so her to forget her keys again.

Okay, meet you back at the flat. Hope you're doing better. Love you.

Lucy replied almost immediately.

I will be.

She then added a massive smiley face on it.

Well, I hope she could finally move on now that Toby was married and expecting a baby, but judging by the looks I caught them sharing a couple of times, I doubt it will be anytime soon.

Lucy was an idiot to let him walk down the aisle. She had her chance. It was waving and jumping at her face, but she took the cowards way out and ran out of there the second she didn't get her way.

I was sitting on the bed, thinking, when the door was yanked open and Blake stormed in, furious. "Blake!"

"Are you all right?" He strode to my side, instantly sat next to me and scooped me into his arms, holding me tight.

"I'm fine, but at the moment, I can't breathe. You're squeezing me." I faced him, giving him a small smile. I didn't like seeing him like this. He worried too much for me.

If I was going to die tomorrow, I know I'd go happy because of this man. He made me whole again. "Thank you, for everything you've done for me."

His eyes stormed. "Don't you f**king dare thank me, Sienna! You're not saying any of these good-byes crap because there's no need for it. There's still time to catch this person."

Maybe, but I wasn't hopeful. This person was too smart and too ahead of everything for us to catch her. "I was thanking you, there's nothing wrong with that." I kissed his lips, trying to calm him down. For the first time, I saw fear in his eyes. I didn't like that at all. "I love you, Blake Knightly."

"Don't. Please," he murmured against my neck, wracked with pain.

"Don't you have to work? I know that there's an important annual conference meeting about to start in two hours." I tried to see his face, but he was attached to my neck.

"I know. I wanted to just stay here with you and tried to cancel it, but they weren't willing to accommodate that request since a lot of them flew in from different continents." Blake sighed heavily.

"This sucks, doesn't it?" I tried to laugh it off, but failed to even crack it.

"Come lie with me. I just want to hold you." Blake got us into bed, on our sides, faces close to each other. He was studying me with sad eyes.

My hand reached out, fingers tracing his brow, to the sides of his face and to his lips. "You should get going soon."

"I'll leave in an hour and half. I'm sure they won't mind if I'm a few minutes late." Blake took hold of my hand, intertwining his fingers with mine. "You take my breath away, cara." He kissed my hand.

For the entire time, he just held me. He didn't even try to cop a feel, kiss or did anything sexual. Blake simply was there, loving me.

"I love you." He kissed my forehead, my nose then and a subtle kiss to my lips. "Per sempre, mi amore."

"Go, so you can get back to me quicker!" I pulled his face closer, kissing him with all my heart. "I'll be waiting." I kissed him one more time before whispering the words.

~S~

The presents I got earlier were now turned in to the police to be investigated. So far, nothing came up. I didn't expect much. I knew it would turn out the same.

At two in the afternoon, I approached Gareth about Lucy's key. I knew I wasn't allowed to leave, but with him tagging along, I could very well get away with it.

After almost thirty minutes of pestering him and Edward, they finally relented. It was already half past three when we got to Covent Garden. I was in such a hurry to get to Lucy and thought Gareth was right behind me when I crossed the street, towards my apartment building. That's when a black, heavy tinted sports car charged right towards me. I saw that it wasn't slowing down to let me cross to the other side and the heavy choking-feeling was now back. It took a second for the realization to hit me before I managed to move on the side, avoiding the demonic car as it zoomed past me, just as I heard Gareth yelling my name to move.

"Fuck!" I yelped from the pain on my foot. The car was too f**king close that it managed to run over my foot.

I was in the middle of the street. About to limp to the other side when I heard gears shifting. I nervously looked up, seeing the same car; the red brake lights caught my eye. It took a few seconds before it went in reverse at full speed. The loud screech of tires and the smoke it produced paralyzed me on the spot.

I was going to die right now, the thought flashed in my mind as the red lights got bigger before my very eyes.

I wanted to move, but my feet were rooted on the spot, heavy. It was like everything zoned in and all I could see and hear was the car while my heart batted against my chest in slow motion. My breaths shallow as I watched the car about to hit me.

"Move, Sienna!!!" Gareth yelled, launching himself to push me to the curb, hitting my head with it before blacking out.

Twenty-eight

Blake

The moment I saw Edward striding towards the boardroom, interrupting the meeting, with a hard look in his eyes, I shot out of my seat. "Where is she?" I yelled at him, hushing the rest of the room.

"There's been an accident. She has a concussion and is in the hospital. Heavily medicated, but is well, sir," Edward rushed out, giving me the important details.

I loosened my tie, trying to breathe before I faced my grandfather, who was always present in these meetings. "I have to go."

My grandfather nodded, standing up before he gave me a strong hug. "Don't leave her side until she's well. I need my great grandchildren soon. Don't slack off with your duties. Go!" He gave me the hand gesture and shooed me out of the room.

Now in the car, Edward updated me with the events. Shock didn't cover what I felt right now. "Ivanna?" I spat. "It was her all along?"

"She's in jail and being held without bail until the judge reviews the case." Edward shook his head in disgust.

How the hell did that nice woman turn into a murderer? I was wracked with guilt. This was all my fault. I wanted to go see her, confront her, bring down all the bloody punishments to the damn woman who wanted Sienna dead, just because I ended the small fling we had last year, but Edward advised that I visit Sienna first, snapping me back to the main priority.

It was rather surreal, coming into the same hospital that I went to when Chad was admitted last year. I should've been running to get to her room, but my steps were slowed as I tried to breathe. Everything seemed acute. Sienna was here, unconscious. The words kept repeating in my head.

Chad was in New York with Luke. Toby was in Marbella and Lucy was in school. I was never one who needed friends to feel better, but right now, I'd give anything to have one of them talking to me, help me get some sense of the situation.

No matter what Edward said, I felt like this was my fault. Ivanna was the result of my raging rebellion against Sienna, trying implicitly to exorcise her from my mind and my heart, but I failed miserably. The second I touched Sienna; I went back to the besotted fool that I was and dropped everyone else. I might have been crass when it came to me ending ties with my past lovers, but they were done with good intentions, explaining the to and fro.

This was unexpected.

"We're here, sir. I'll just wait out here." Edward gestured towards the door next to him. The acrid smell of the hospital inflamed my senses, reminding me that Sienna was hurting behind this door.

I stifled a sob when I saw her, pale and ashen, with a cut on her forehead. For some reason, I stayed at the foot of the bed, afraid to move any closer or dare to even touch her because I was afraid that something wrong would happen.

A quick knock on the door made me look up. Edward appeared and slowly walked inside the room. "I was just informed that Gareth just got out of surgery. He's in recovery. I will let you know if there are any more updates." Edward gave me a curt nod before walking back out into the hallway.

When we were on our way here, I vaguely recalled him mentioning Gareth needing surgery, but I was too out of it to even pay attention.

Dragging my legs to function, I pulled a chair and placed it right next to Sienna. The room was eerily quiet, except for the monitors beeping, reminding me that I failed twice.

The nurses and doctors came and went, explaining procedures and the healing process with good news, but I was pretty much zoning in and out as they spoke to me. Guilt was eating me alive while I watched Sienna recover, fighting to get better.

When it went past midnight, I reached out and stroked her hand, hoping she'd wake up. "Hey, it's me."

Maybe hearing my voice, even though she was asleep, would subconsciously let her know that I was there, waiting for her.

"I love you. Come back to me soon, cara." I kissed her hand, needing to see her smiles. "You said you'd wait for me. Don't keep me hanging for long." I paused, needing to gather myself and not breakdown. "I'm sorry for not protecting you as I had promised before. I'm terrible at it, aren't I? I wouldn't really blame you if you don't want to wake up and see me because I've let you down again."

I brushed against her fingers, bombarded with memories of her. Sienna throwing popcorn at my face, or how she'd make faces, sitting on the countertop while I shaved. The way she put her heart into singing, but was so terrible at it; however, it hadn't mattered because she was having the time of her life.

One of my favorite memories of her was when she and I fought, she was in the wrong and she knew it, too, but she didn't want to apologize. I left for work aggravated and then was surprised to find her in my office, carrying a pizza box with her and wearing the sexiest dress.

"Hi, I brought you lunch." She was nervous, eyeing me cautiously because I was still rooted to the spot, right next to my door.

I nodded, moving slowly towards her before I took the outstretched box in her hands and placed it on the coffee table. "Thanks. How thoughtful of you to come by and bring me lunch." Inside, I was overjoyed, but I had to mask that because I wanted her to apologize. A simple 'I'm sorry' would've done the trick, but she was too stubborn.

Sienna came closer, looking like she wanted to sit, but opted to stand instead. "You must be hungry, you should take a bite. I got you your favorite."

This should be interesting. "What might that be?" Referring to my favorite since I was almost sure we never ate pizza together. I sat back on the sofa, lounging as I watched her squirm.

"Cheese?"

She was too adorable, but still, I was adamant to hear her apology. I loved and worshipped the ground she walked on, but when she was in the wrong, I needed her to know that she was mistaken so we didn't have to keep having the same problem time and time again. "Margherita is one. Anchovies, second."

She reddened. "Oh," she murmured, clutching her purse. "Are you breaking up with me? I know we fight a lot and most of the time it's my fault. I'm childish; I tend to overreact on things, but I do love you, Blake."

I suppose this could be an apology. "I'm not breaking up with you, even if you drive me mental most days." I glanced at her. "Are you just going to stand there or are you going to join me and eat this pizza?" I asked, opening the box.

She did get me a cheese pizza, but it had black olives, spelling "I'm sorry."

Sienna sure knew how to make me feel good again. I just wanted to kiss her senseless, but I wasn't going to make it that easy for her. "Getting creative with your apologies, Sienna? A simple 'I'm sorry' would've done it." I patted the space next to me. "Come sit. We need to talk.

"You do understand that we need to work on talking to each other properly, right? As friends, things were fairly easy for us. I know the transition from friends to lovers is a tad difficult, but I'm still the same man. The only difference is that I'm open about how much I love you and how much I want to marry your stubborn arse."

"I was only teasing about being curious about one-night stands. You take everything I say literally. You need to let loose a bit and have fun. You're too possessive and jealous most of the time. I get that because, I'm the same with you, but you have to know that when it comes to sex and anything related to him-even with my limited experience-I know when I hit the jackpot with you when it comes to that department." She curled her hair behind her ear.

I didn't even let her breathe another word. I pushed her down on the sofa and bit into her lips, yanked her thong aside and stuck a middle finger inside her. "Jackpot."

We spent half of the afternoon on that couch. Let's just say that she panted out her "I'm sorry" until she could no longer comprehend to utter another damn word.

Sienna and I communicated through our lovemaking. We both were passionate people. So when we came together, that passion ignited into something larger than life. It's the perfervid, subliminal, exhilarating ride of your life. When that strong emotion turned into hatred, it was the most crippling, toxic kind of emotion that never lets you off, until you find your way home. Back in her arms, I could only seek refuge, love, calmness and serenity. In her arms, I could only feel the hate, loathing and wrath. Both are the opposites of each other, just like Sienna and I. She was the only person that could make me feel the extremes of emotions, like I do for her.

You become intertwined with this person. You live for this person. You become whole with this person. Once our souls bonded, we were mated for life.

Staring at her peaceful face, I kissed her hand again. "Come back to me, Sienna. It's lonely without you." My head pounded as I clutched her hand with mine before I fell asleep on it, smelling her skin.

Twenty-nine

Sienna

The first thing I registered was the throbbing pain from something being pulled out of my skin. The second, was the smell surrounding me, it was familiar. The third was the odd feeling of being moved. I could feel the sheets moving away from my body, leaving a soft brush against my legs before I felt the cold floor on my feet. I think I even heard myself groan from the sudden contact, but I wasn't so sure because my mind was still muddled and the heavy feeling of my lids made it difficult for me to open them.

Then I felt something cold and sturdy, what I'm only guessing was a wheelchair because my feet were being placed on those odd foot pedals.

"Sienna?" I could hear Blake. He sounded like he just woke up. Were we at home? Why couldn't I wake up?

"Don't move or I'll blow her brains out," a woman's voice threatened Blake.

British. Posh. Familiar. My mind was whirring with all the words until it finally came into place. It was the woman who pushed me down the stairs. Then the accident this afternoon came back into my mind, reminding me that I was more likely in the hospital, heavily medicated. Fuck!

"Camilla, put that down!" Blake sounded alarmed.

When I felt the cool metal on the side on my head, I understood perfectly. She came here to finish what she couldn't accomplish earlier.

"The only thing going down is this woman, six feet under," Camilla spat out, pushing the metal against my skin, hard, making me bob my head to the side.

"Don't do this, Camilla. Let Sienna go. I'll give you anything you want." Blake was in his serious, business mode.

I was sure he was calculating in his head already. If Camilla had a gun, there was no way I was getting out of here alive.

"Marry me like how it was supposed to be to begin with." Camilla's voice shook.

"I'm engaged! I know your father wants to acquire more wealth. I can offer you that, as long as you follow my instructions and not hurt anyone." Blake was calm, voice in control.

I tried to will my eyes to open, but it was too heavy. Surprisingly, I could move my fingers, but not my hands. What the hell! I wanted to scream, but instead I heard myself make a muffled groan.

"I could care less about any of that. I want marriage. That's what's open for negotiation." The metal brushed my cheek before she stuck it underneath my chin. "Or she dies." She made a weird laugh like groan. "In case you're doubting my ability to pull the trigger, I already killed one doctor. He's stuck out in the morgue, so it will take awhile for them to know that he's missing, since you know, his face got blown off."

"All right, I'll marry you, if you let her go, now."

No!!!! I screamed, but nothing came out. Blake was playing into her trap and I was helpless against it.

"Good. Now I need for you to prove this promise, Blake. Because from what I can recall, your promises aren't all that solid." Camilla sounded pleased.

"How?"

"Impregnate me."

Aw, hell no! This woman was outright batshit crazy! I wanted to fight and kick her to a pulp. I was so enraged. I wanted to kill someone. Blake wasn't going to do it. I knew he wouldn't. He'd laugh at her dumb ultimatums.

Blake made a sharp gasp then remained silent. "You mean now? Right here?" he was aghast and he didn't mask it.

"Yes, Blake. Right now. Right here, where your lovely Sienna may hear you f**k another woman. She deserves it, really, because she f**ked with mine. I don't get why she wants to marry you. She seemed to have no qualms letting another man kiss her and grope her right for everyone to see. I think Kyle will be happy when he finds out that she will be available again. You do know that she's going to run back to him, right? She always did. She loves him, but she's in lust with you. Can't blame her, can I? You were amazing."

"No," he gritted out, pissed off. "Go f**k yourself, Camilla."

She laughed, moving away. I could hear the door open and close. It was then I felt another person join us because I felt his roughened hands on my shoulder. Blake remained silent, which I took was a bad sign.

"Clock is ticking, Blake. Make up your mind because we don't have that much time before we take her away and have Gareth have his wicked way with her." Camilla sounded triumphant. "Oh, didn't you know? The bodyguard you hired was in love with her all along. Gareth wasn't in surgery. I had to pay a large sum to get one of the doctors to lie. Everyone has a price. And I'm guessing you have yours, too."

Gareth's hands were now stroking my neck before it went lower and cupped my br**sts.

"Stop! Don't you f**king dare touch her! ENOUGH!" he thundered out, but Camilla kept laughing at him while Gareth continued his ministrations. "Okay. Okay. I'll do it."

Camilla laughed. "Finally! Just to let you know, Gareth will shoot you if you try to kill me. It's a little romantic, don't you think? If you and I die together then Sienna and Gareth can live happily ever after."

"Understood," Blake hissed out.

I could feel the heat and anger from him. The thought of him with Camilla, hearing them together was killing me inside. Anger rose and took over me when I heard Camilla hand over her gun to Gareth before walking towards Blake. "I want to be on my back so I could watch you do me. It's been too long, my love."

"No," a tiny voice came out of my lips, enough for him to hear me. I wasn't sure if it was the anger that was helping me function or the meds wearing off, but it was slowly ebbing away, too slow.

"Cara?"

"Blake!" I yelped when Gareth pulled me up from behind, moving us against the wall.

"Open those beautiful eyes, Sienna," Gareth commanded. "Open them."

I heard a cry from Camilla.

"God! I forgot how rough you could be," she purred before I heard a Blake growl.

I felt tears forming in my eyes, afraid of what was going on.

"Open them, Sienna, or I'll make you." The tip of gun was now circling my br**sts, teasing. "Fuck her now, Knightly. I want to see your fiancee see you for what you are." His thick hands were sliding down my thighs before he slid his hand inside the gown, seeking.

"STOP. ENOUGH. OPEN YOUR EYES, SIENNA!" Blake bellowed just before I felt a finger delve into my folds. "NOW!"

I squirmed as my eyes flickered open, clashing directly with Blake's, who was scooting to the side, away from Gareth. He had Camilla pressed against the bed, both hands behind her back with no underwear on. When I saw that he still had his pants on, I sighed a little relief that he didn't do it.

Blake's eyes pinned into mine before flickering at the gun that was on the table next to Gareth, who was now screaming for Blake to get a move on.

"Are you ready to be f**ked?" he grated at Camilla, pulling her hair as he did so and then plunging his finger inside her.

She looked like she was in heaven, a stuttering mess and absolutely under his spell. I wanted to cry so badly, but I knew Blake wanted me to get the gun, so I inched closer, towards Gareth.

"Are you trying to hide, love? Come here, let me make you feel better." He pulled me close, ripping half of my hospital gown, exposing my breast to him.

I nervously flickered my eyes towards Blake; he looked like he was ready to kill Gareth, but I had to get to the gun first. The twisted man was so engrossed at my br**sts that he kept staring at them like he was mesmerized before pushing my back against the table and bit into my nipple. I cried out from the pain, forcing myself to focus on the gun.

"You were always such a sexy thing. I used to wank myself off thinking of these gorgeous melons." Gareth still had a gun in his right hand as he used his free one to touch me.

I stretched my hand out, until I felt the cool heavy metal in my hands and aimed it at Gareth's head. "Get off me, you sick pervert!"

Gareth stilled before letting go of my br**sts, sliding it out of his mouth with a pop. He then backed away to the side, clapping his hand with the gun. "Can't save your man, love. I will shoot him first before I'd let him be with you."

"You won't," I bluffed, backing towards the door, pulling it a crack open before Gareth pointed the gun towards me then to Blake.

Camilla yelped when Blake yanked her hair harder, getting her on her feet, securing one hand on her forehead, the other, cupping her chin, ready to twist her head.

"Let her go, Knightly, or I'll shoot!"

His eyes connected with mine. "I love you," he said before he twisted Camilla's head, killing her immediately. "Run!" he screamed at me before I dragged my limp body out of there, screaming help.

The halls were empty. The nurses' station was deserted. Where was everyone? "Help!" my voice echoed in the halls.

Tears were rolling down my face as I reached for the phone and dialed triple nine for Scotland Yard. It didn't take long for someone to help me. I was in the middle of explaining and pleading for help when I heard a gunshot then came another a second after the other was shot. "Hurry!" was the only word I could manage before I headed towards the room again, praying that it was Gareth being shot twice.

Upon entering the room, Camilla's lifeless body was the first thing I saw then Gareth's body, faced down with a pool of blood. I held my breath before looking to my left and saw Blake, in a pool of blood. His shirt was soaked, indicating he was shot in the chest.

"Blake!" I scrambled, immediately moving towards him. "BLAKE!!! Baby, wake up!" Tears fell as I screamed his name while I frantically looked for the bullet hole.

The amount of blood coming out of his chest was frightening. I prayed as I pressed my palm against the hole, stopping the flow of blood, my other hand pressed on his neck, looking for a pulse. I couldn't find one.

"Stay with me. Blake. Stay with me!" I was choking with my tears, hoping that help would get here soon before it was too late. I knew there was only a small window to resuscitate a body. I hoped to God that he would be kind enough and make that possible.

I shook as the blood tried to squeeze through my palm so I had to kneel and press both hands into it, watching as Blake started to lose color. "Dad! Help me. Don't let them take him away," I sobbed, feeling helpless. "Please..."

My cries vibrated throughout the room; it was so loud that I didn't hear anyone coming towards me until a medic slightly shook me, snapping me back into focus.

"Miss, I'm sorry, but we can't afford to waste time. Judging by the pool of blood and the faint pulse, we only have a tiny window to keep him alive," a young man with a grim face and sympathetic eyes said before more people came in and took control of the situation.

The loud noise, the chaos that surrounded me and the alarming pitch of emergency around me swirled in my head. "Let him live," I whispered before I fainted into darkness.

Thirty

Sienna

I heard Chad and Lucy discussing something, before I managed to open my eyes. The second my eyes saw the bright light, I squinted, memories and the horrifying events loaded into my mind. I bolted, sitting upright, gasping his name, "Blake! I need to see Blake!"

"Sienna..." Chad gave me the sorry eyes. I glanced at Lucy, who was mirroring the same look.

No, no, he couldn't be dead. He just couldn't be. We were just starting our lives... "Tell me he's alive," I pleaded. "Please."

Lucy soothed me, rubbing my arm gently. "They're operating on him. It's been six hours now. We were told that he has a five percent survival rate because the bullet grazed his heart. During the operation, he bled out a lot and it resulted to more damage. We're still waiting for more news."

A five percent chance? I trembled and allowed myself a minute to take everything in before I looked at Chad. "Get me a wheelchair. I want to be out in the waiting room when they bring any updates."

"But you need to rest, sweetie. You went-"

I cut Chad off, "Get. Me. That. Wheelchair or I will get it myself!"

"Get it," Lucy directed him. He made a melancholy sigh and left the room. "Sienna-"

"No. I don't want to talk about it, not right now. I just need to be as close to Blake as possible. That's all I need."

She nodded and then gave me a hug. "Be strong, my love. Have faith."

Edward, Blake's grandfather, William, Toby and Clive were all in the waiting area when Chad and Lucy wheeled me in.

I was surprised when William sat next to me, reached for my hand and held it. "Keep talking to him. He always finds a way to come back to you. My grandson loves you that much."

I nodded through my tears, understanding what he meant by keep talking to him. By using the power of the mind and the heart, some people believed that it made miracles.

After an eight-hour surgery, Blake survived, but was still in a critical condition. The next forty-eight hours were vital to see if he could pull through.

He was transferred into a private room. William was kind enough to request another bed to be placed alongside Blake's so I could sleep and still be with him.

Blake still looked pale. I held his hand, kissing it and not letting go. "Goodnight, my love." I slept on my side, falling asleep while watching him.

I remembered smiling, thanking my father for helping me out, for keeping him alive.

My haunted dreams pulled me in again, drowning in a dark sea. I could feel my lungs heaving before it felt heavy, constricted, as I fell deeper into the dark depths of the water.

"Sienna," a voice called out, echoing in the water. It was odd, but I could hear it perfectly. It called on me again, but this time, I recognized the voice. It was my dad's.

The second I realized it was his, my dream shifted back into our old home, tucked next to him in the sofa as he read me a story of Thumbelina. I was listening to him, picturing out the story, before I realized that daddy had stopped his storytelling.

"Daddy, come on! I need to know what happens next," I urged on.

He patted my head and then looked out the window. "The rain has stopped, princess."

I frowned at him, looking out the window as well. The rain did stop, but it was still gloomy with some orange tinged hues scattered about. It was pretty, but I was ready to hear the rest of the story. "Is that suppose to mean something, dad?" I glanced at him, waiting.

He studied the clouds awhile before he looked down on me, closing the book, putting it aside. "That means the sun will come out soon. It always does. It doesn't matter how long it rains or how heavy the pour because you can always count on the sun to shine. It always comes back."

"Okay. Can we finish our story now?"

"I'm sorry, princess, but story time is over." Dad kissed my forehead, looking at me with tears in his eyes.

I felt alarmed. "Don't cry."

"These are happy tears. Come on, princess; time to get up and go venture outside. Stand in the sun, bask in it." Dad got up, guiding me outside, out in our lawn, holding my hand as he looked up again, studying the sky. "Close your eyes. The sun is about to come out soon. I'm right here with you, holding your hand, so don't be afraid."

I trusted him, so I did what I was told, holding his hand tight and waiting for the sun.

The steady sound of the beeping monitor brought me out of my dream. I felt the wetness on my face before I even opened my eyes. When I did open my lids, I was greeted by the fresh strokes of the morning rays and then my eyes directly clashed with Blake's.

He squeezed my hand. I looked down to our intertwined fingers before looking back to him. "How are you feeling?"

"I woke up from your cries. Are you okay?" he asked, concerned.

Was he serious? He was asking me if I was okay? I wasn't the one being operated on for eight hours yesterday-then everything came flooding in. "Oh God! I almost lost you." I started crying again, the image of him in a pool of blood still fresh from my mind.

"Don't cry, poppet. I'm alive." He comforted, trying to ease my worry. "You can't get rid of me that quickly." He pulled my hand and placed it close to the bandages, to his heart. "I'd do it all over again. I wasn't going to fail to protect you for the third time."

"You're freaking crazy!" I sobbed, loving this crazy man more than ever.

"You own me, Sienna." He kissed my fingertips. "Per sempre."

My Knightly was back.

~S~

We didn't leave the hospital until a week and a half later. For two weeks, I nursed him, not wanting for him to lift even a finger. I was too paranoid to the point of overkill. I just couldn't help it. He would've done the same for me so his wiles and complaints were pretty much ignored. We spoke about what happened in the hospital, but we still had a lot to discuss. We weren't ready to remember that night, nor speak about it. In time, we will overcome that, too. For now, though, I was just glad that he was alive. That's all that mattered.

It took another three weeks to get Lucy, Chad and Toby to give up everything to join us for a two-week vacation in Rome, in Luciano's palazzo. It was my birthday week and Seraphina wanted to do something special and at the same time, take care of their nephew. I thought it was a perfect place to get everyone together. After all the awful things that happened, I needed my friends around me.

It was our second night in Rome and we were outside, enjoying each other's company when Lucy snapped out of nowhere, "For the love of God! Stop staring at me." Lucy flashed her bright blue eyes at Toby before she got up and huffed in haste, leaving.

I stared after her and then looked back at Toby's besotted face, helpless to conceal his love for Lucy. "What are you waiting for? Go get her back."

Chad shook his head, downing his drink. "Grow some balls, Watson. I could lend you mine, if you like."

Blake choked on his water. "Chad! You're such a prick."

"My point exactly." He giggled and then darted a knowing look at Toby.

Toby gave me a sad smile. "Married man here, in case you forgot to take notice."

That was it. Word vomit was about to erupt. "Toby f**king Watson! Listen up, buddy. I love you, but you need a good boost of cajones because this is not working out. Do you really believe, deep down, if Lucy gives you another chance you're not going to jump back to be with her? Do whatever you have to do. Just walk up to her and kiss her senseless. Something other than mopping, please."

"You go tell our boy, baby love!" Chad cheered on, handing Toby a shot of vodka. "Need to loosen you up a bit, brother. You're kind of losing your sexy spark, you know." He then tapped his shoulder. "On second thought, you're still all buff down there. You would do!"

Give it to Chad to make it all sexual.

"Dirty bastard!" Blake snorted, pulling me on his lap.

Toby eyed us with envy, looking distraught. "She never wanted me back, Si. I had given up on her. Lucy doesn't love me. It's that obvious. Besides, I'm married!" He looked away, accepting whatever crap he filled his head with. Well, all except for the marriage part. He needed to get out of that, but he will only do it if Lucy tells him to.

Toby was a stubborn man, too, but hopelessly, crazy in love with Lucy. "Did you ask Lucy? Did she ever tell you that she doesn't love you anymore?"

He frowned. "Well no, I ever asked her directly, but it shows."

"Fucking hell. Get the hell out of that chair and ask her then. Once and for all, get it over with," I urged him, helping him out of his seat. "You're already broken, hon. How much more damage would it cost to have her confirm it? Take the risk. GO!"

Toby was muttering something before he stood up and looked for Lucy.

Chad poured himself another shot, toasting it in the air. "To love and happy ever afters. And some sweet, sexy, nasty happy endings!" He downed it in one go, slamming the shot back down. "Now that I mentioned happy endings, I need to call my hubby and stroke me some. Peace out, lovers!" Chad stretched about as he slowly walked inside the villa. "I love Rome. I feel the love. It's in the air!" he sang out, doing a little meringue as he did so before disappearing inside.

Blake and I were just stuck here, staring after him, speechless. "He sure is happy."

"So am I," Blake murmured, kissing my shoulder. "Amore," he whispered, caressing my shoulder before it slowly went south. "I need to be inside you tonight; it's been too long."

Hell. This was the second time he had asked me to have sex. "Babe, can we wait for a little bit more, please?" I countered, feeling his hardness pressing against my bottom. "I promise to make it worth your while."

"I'm not trying to pressure you or anything. Thought I should ask." He kissed my cheek, smelling me. "I feel complete, just by being here, with you. I don't need anything else, but you."

"You're so mine, Knightly. I'm keeping you forever."

He chuckled, nuzzling my neck. "So does that mean we get to play around in bed?"

"Not tonight." I stood up, holding his hand. "Let's get you to bed, Mr. Knightly."

"Do tell, are you going to wear that naughty nurse outfit? You did look amazing in that one the other night." He caught up, cupping my ass.

"Not happening tonight, either."

"Blue tonight. Purple tomorrow." He muttered, kissing my cheek. "Color me horny, cara."

Oh, Knightly!

I sighed, smiling.

Thirty-one

Sienna

We were out on the veranda, enjoying our late afternoon siesta after we got back from shopping Piazza di Spagna and Via del Babuino. We were puckish and thirsty. Lucy and I enjoyed some peach bellininis while the men enjoyed their alcoholic drinks, while we shared the mini pastries, olives, cold cuts and assorted cheese right before us.

"Paris and Rome are like fashion orgasms for the g*ys. I don't think I've shopped myself to exhaustion. If I see one more Armani, I'm going to keel and die." Chad sighed, exhausted. "But then again, if it looked good on me, I'd die wearing it. Going down hot, that's all I'm saying."

"Don't forget the hot men!" Lucy chimed.

Toby snorted and slammed his glass, head shaking. Chad looked at him, then at Lucy. "Why aren't you two speaking or looking at each other?" Chad pointed at Lucy and Toby, who both have been so quiet since this morning. "Guys want some shot to loosen the tubes or what?" he evilly grinned, wicked as always.

Lucy gave Chad a nasty look before he started laughing his butt off, before sliding a shot towards Lucy, then to Toby. "Heavy sexual vibes going on that's all."

Toby shook his hand, took the shot Chad gave him. "I suppose it's my fault. I kissed her yesterday."

Lucy groaned, covering her face. "Shut up!"

Toby looked offended at her reaction. "Well, why don't we just have it out here, shall we, Lucy? After all, we are amongst friends."

"You wouldn't dare!" Lucy spat back.

Blake and I looked at each other, wondering what's going on, before he spoke into my ear. "Let them have it, cara. They've been avoiding each other too long. Maybe this will help them."

Toby stood up, eyes flashing. "Fine. I'm a twit! I'm a pig. I'm a bloody f**king adulterer because I f**king had sex with you last night! I'm not going to apologize because I f**king loved every second of it. There wouldn't have been a difference anyway because I cheated on my wife on a daily basis-looking at videos and pictures of you, of us. From the second our eyes met, to our first kiss, it's you who I loved." He looked away, mellowing down. "It was supposed to you on the altar with me, Luce. It was supposed to be you and me, forever, remember?"

"Stop, please...I can't handle this." Lucy begged, holding it all in, as her eyes started to glass with tears.

"It's true...I love you. Just say the word and I'll divorce Amelia straight away. I haven't consummated the marriage because...the thought of her as my wife repulsed me." He paused, composing himself. "I know this is a lot, especially since I have a kid coming on the way, but I'm f**king dying here, Lucy. When will you stop punishing me for what my family said to you and end my agony?"

"I don't know." She looked away.

"Okay. I'm walking away. I'm going to throw everything-every memento I have that reminds me of you-will be thrown out. All I need to hear is for you to tell me that you don't love me."

"Easy. I don't love you!"

Toby swallowed, sighed, toyed with his empty shot glass, before he nodded, lips pressing together. "Mate-you know I'd be here for you, but I hope you understand that I have to leave right now." He directed Blake, then started to retreat towards the villa.

"Where the hell do you think you're going?" Lucy stood up, yelling.

Not looking back, he yelled. "Home." He continued on walking.

Lucy clenched her hands, before she shot back. "London?"

"Spain." He responded, before completely disappearing inside.

Lucy was shaking, her tears were unstoppable, as she slowly sat back down, looking shocked. Chad was already right next to her, holding her close. "I had sex with him last night. When he kissed me, I forgot the fact that he was married."

"Lucy, I adore you, but you're too thick-headed sometimes. If Toby goes back to her and really try to make this marriage work, you'd be in shambles. Is that what you want?" Blake looked at her, frowning, as if he was in pain too.

Instead of responding, Lucy cried harder. Hell. I felt helpless as I watch her.

Out of nowhere, I saw Chad slap Lucy's cheek. "GET YOUR ASS MOVING AND GET YOUR MAN BACK! GO!"

Lucy stopped crying, shocked, mouth hanging open, unblinking.

Chad looked mad as he placed his hands on her hips and lifted to stand on her feet. "GOOOOO!" he screamed into her face, before she finally snapped out of it and marched indoor.

"You're going to pay for that!" Lucy threw back, walking ahead.

"It was my pleasure!" Chad laughed and started to fan himself, before he rolled his eyes. "Bitch needed some good slappin'." He muttered. When he saw Blake and I didn't say a word, his eyes bulged out. "WHAT? Come on, the woman deserved it. Those two were a pain." He dramatically sighed and poured each of us a shot. "Can't believe Toby banged her punani last night. Totally owned it."

I snorted then I started to laugh. "I knew the crazy was going to come out sooner or later."

Blake shook his head. "I think I'm more shocked that Lucy didn't throw her fist and launched herself at you."

"She knew she needed it. Women! Can't live with them can't live without them!" Chad toasted, sounding too serious. "So, when are you guys going to make me an uncle?"

Blake laughed, wrapping his arms around my neck, nibbling my ear. "We need to start practicing, cara."

"Not again!" I muttered, shoving a truffle in my mouth.

Chad grinned. "What, why you holding out for our man dude? Bang that shit hard!"

I was about to respond to him, before Blake growled and scooped me out of my chair and had me over his shoulder. "Blake!"

"Sorry, but when I heard bang and hard, I was a lost cause. Thanks Chad!" He threw out, almost running towards the house.

"Horny bastards!" Chad threw back.

Blake already had me on top of the bed before I even got a word out. "Goodness, Knightly!"

"I'm not going to have sex until you're ready, but I needed an excuse to get you alone. I love being with out friends, I want to be with you." He wrapped his legs with mine, our faces inches apart. "I got a call today. Ivanna confessed everything." He started, observing me. "She said that Camilla approached her while we were here in Rome, recuperating. Camilla approached Gareth when she heard that he was asking around about who pushed you. Camilla paid off his cousin to shut up, but a little interrogation and sex, she managed to get Gareth open up about his feelings for you. The plan was to let you look like you died, but Gareth was actually going to keep you with him."

"I don't know what to say. I trusted him, babe." The thought of Gareth made me want to hurl. He betrayed me, to think I thought of him as my friend was disturbing."

"I'm happy to be alive wrapped in your arms." Blake kissed my nose.

Not a day has passed that I didn't appreciate the blessings I had. I wasn't going to take them for granted any longer.

We took another two hours just talking and kissing, until it was time to get ready for Seraphina's summer dinner party. She invited family and friends who all wanted to see Blake, not to mention, to introduce me as well.

Now dressed, I was ready to go and mingle.

"You look gorgeous." Blake admired my simple Grecian white dress.

I lovingly looked at him; thankful for each day I got to spend with him after what happened in the hospital. "Blake, thank you for making me feel alive. From the first moment I met you, whenever you're around, you always tend to give me a panic attack."

Lucy and Toby emerged together, not looking happy, but not fighting either. I suppose that was a start-they were finally speaking to each other.

The party was held somewhere in the gardens of the palazzo, but it was too far for us to walk, so they provided carts for everyone to be transported.

Chad grinned, happy and drunk. "Amazing. I'm in wonderland." He was apparently enjoying the siesta all by himself and got merry.

"Wow! You're aunt is quite grand, isn't she?" Lucy admired the transformed garden. There were several tents erected and arches of roses intertwined with other blooms circled the area.

Blake nodded, helping me out of the cart. "She is, but I think this is a tad overkill for a summer dinner party with friends and family."

"She is Italian. The woman got style. She's awesome." I laughed, pulling Blake and Lucy on both my sides, walking towards the party. Everything was fine and dandy, until everyone got to see what truly was inside the tents.

It was a day for new beginnings.

A new life, and there was no one else in this world who I wanted to spend this life with, other than the man next to me. Blake made me his world, worshipped everything about me and loved me to the hilt.

It took me a great deal of time to get to where I was now, but now that I'm here, I never planned to backtrack or even dare hesitate for a second. I knew what I wanted-plain and simple.

The garden was transformed into a place full of fresh blooms, candles, crystals, beauty, but most of all, it reeked of romance, love.

A wedding.

Our wedding.

Blake was rendered speechless.

Chad gasped. "Oh shit shizzle!"

Luciano's estate was vast, so when Seraphina suggested to place the event further in, close to the riverbank to hide it from everyone, I agreed right away. I wanted it to be a surprise. And it sure looked like I accomplished it.

I paused, right below the arches where the guests could see us, but far enough that they couldn't hear us. "Blake. You swept me off my feet. Loved me without stipulations. Became the man that I have always dreamt of. I love you. I'm yours. Now I'm asking if you want to be officially mine. Will you marry me and make me that happiest woman in on earth?"

When his gaze meshed with mine, I saw reluctance in there, something I didn't anticipate.

"I want this-more than anything, Sienna, but you have to make sure that this is what you want." He searched through me, relaying his sincerity, the complexity of the meaning of his words. "Because once you marry me, I'm never letting you go. Don't expect a divorce if things get rocky because there won't be one. Happiness and sorrow we'll share together, until I'm dead and gone." He pulled my hand to his lips, brushing it with a gentle kiss. "I love you, but for now, our engagement was enough."

As infuriating this man could be, I didn't doubt for a second his devotion to me. His love knew no bounds; I saw it with my own very eyes. Blake was my own warrior, my partner, my knight. "Thank you. I appreciate how patient you are, but it's not enough for me anymore. I want to be your wife. I don't want to wait for another four years until I could claim you as mine." I paused, wetting my lips. "After what's happened, things became clear to me. It really isn't that complicated. We ardently love each other. I've come to a point where my love is now unconditional. It's that simple."

"Are you sure about this, cara? I know I nag you a lot, but now that it's here, I'm quite skeptical." He looked away, pondering. "I don't want you to feel obligated because of what happened."

Was he serious? "Knightly! For crying out loud, just freaking marry me already!"

"Yeah, go get them billions, baby love." Chad chirped on the other side, drunk as a skunk.

"And there's always that." Blake grinned, uncaring.

I rolled my eyes, ready to smack both men. "Whatever. Let's just go get drunk." I started to walk away, towards a disapproving Lucy before Blake caught up with me.

"Wait-wait! What the hell, you just proposed to me and after two seconds you walk away?" he eyed me like I was crazy. "You can't just do that!"

I lifted my shoulder, nonchalant. "It happens. I guess we'll wait."

"Bloody hell! Come on, wife. Let's make you officially mine, once and for all." Blake carried me back, towards everyone.

Once we reached them, Seraphina spoke to Blake. "You know you have to put her down now, right? The priest can't marry you two unless she's on her feet."

Things got really serious then as we both looked at each other, nervous, giddy and so out of breath. "Ready to love me forever?"

"I already do."

I smiled at the kind priest, before whispering into his ear. "I know. Imagine what kind of presents you'll get tonight from your wife, Knightly."

Blake took a deep breath, whispering into my ear. "Not the time to tease purple, cara."

I bit back a smile at the name reference for his member.

"Shall we begin?" The priest intervened.

For almost an hour, we did all the ceremonials. I almost sighed with relief when it was time for our vows."

All the anxiety and any qualms about being nervous when this moment came, dwindled away the second we stood face to face, Blake holding my hands, eyes that knew so well, looking at me full of love. Taking a deep breath, I delivered my vow to the man before me.

Before I met you, I thought love was simple, uncomplicated and straightforward.

Loving you has never been simple, uncomplicated or straightforward. It has wrung me, strung me upside down, cut me into pieces. You melt my heart to the core-with just a kiss.

Our love is not simple-it's an extraordinary experience. It's a wild ride, with no signs of stopping. It's ride one I vow not to get off of.

I was proud that I my tears were silent and I wasn't crying ugly, but it almost came to that when I saw Blake's eyes glistened. My man was touched with my words. I gave him an encouraging smile, knowing that he wasn't prepared for this-for our vows. He immediately gave my hand a tight squeeze, before clearing his throat.

I will be your eyes when you can't see. I will be the person to guide you when you're lost.

When your hopes are dashed and you need someone to help get your feet on the ground, I am that man, who has an undying love for my wife.

You proved me wrong. The intensity, the depth and the fathomage of my love for you are out of the ordinary. You bring me incandescent happiness.

Your kiss gives me guidance. Your love brings limitless strength, but most of all. You give me a reason to live, to be a better man-man who finally learned what the true meaning of ultimate love is. I am humbled to be your servant, forever yours.

Oh my God... I'm melting...over and over again, I thought, sniffing with tears.

I didn't even wait for the priest to give us his blessing, announcing that we're now married, before I flung myself on Blake and kissed him senseless. I could hear laughter from the crowd, but I didn't care, I love him and I wasn't shy to display that. I kissed him until I was out of breath, shaky and drowsy.

"Can't wait to be married to me huh?" Blake laughed, wiping my tears with his thumbs.

"Yeah. Yeah. Make a joke of it." I knew he wasn't going to let this down, his teasing, but I deserved it. I kept pushing the idea away for month, and look at me now; I couldn't just wait to be his wife.

He was smiling then he got serious. "Sienna-thank you." He kissed me on the lips, breathy and packed with emotions. "I know you weren't ready to get married, but I'm overjoyed that you've changed your mind. You don't know how much this means to me."

I opened my mouth, but Chad appeared in between us. "She loves you too, Blakeypoo. Okay-do you guys notice that no one is around? Yeah? Well, the reception is right over there. See ya!"

"Ready Mrs. Knightly?" he beamed, loving the question.

~ Blake ~

The reception breezed through me. I was still in shock from Sienna's surprise.

I knew she loved me, of course I did. But never once did I think she'd change her mind and marry me this instant. She stood firm with her beliefs and for her to break that to make me happy, truly was a big gesture.

"Wasn't that the most romantic thing a woman can ever do to his man?" Toby grinned, handing me my cognac. "With the man's approval, of course. Shotgun weddings aren't romantic what so ever."

He probably was referring to himself, more like.

"I'm a married man, Watson. I'm still reeling from the events. Consider me blown away. Sienna sure know how to keep me on my toes."

"You two are made for each other-cliche, I admit, but it's the only way to describe it. You both are such pain in the arse. We're all married now, all well except for Luce." His tone became somber, as he mentioned her name.

Twirling my glass as I studied him, I decided to speak my mind. "You had sex with her. What happens now?"

"I'm leaving Amelia. I already had my lawyers draft everything the next morning. Waking up with her, being with her just brought everything into perspective. I'm suffering, but I'd rather suffer this way and be a free man, other than suffer and be married because I was forced and threatened by her family and mine." He paused. "Besides Amelia's having an affair for the most part since she couldn't get what she wanted with me."

Not new news to me. She was already like that when I met her. "Find another place to get the DNA tests done. This time, you take charge. You need to know whose child she's carrying. Once and for all, use your bloody f**king brain. Stop dwelling on that damned heartache for a second. She could be after your inheritance. God know she's all bent up and demented. Clear all of this, keep updating Lucy while you're at it, but don't shag her, kiss her until you've cleared all this fiasco out of your life." I was dead serious. He needed to get his shit together. "You've messed up, crucially. You can't take any of that back, but at least trying to chase what you're after-what your heart is after instead of running the other way like what I did with Sienna. Don't wait too long, because Lucy surely won't."

"I know." Toby got up, tapping my back. "Time to be with my love."

Chad and Luke were dancing, Sienna was talking to Lucy, but the second she saw Toby striding towards them, she said her goodbyes and headed straight to me.

She slowed down, blushing as she inched closer, while I watched her with hooded eyes, looking at my beautiful wife, glowing before my very eyes.

When she finally did, she bit her lip, looking nervous all of a sudden. "Hello-"

"Hi-"

"I don't know why, but I'm really nervous." She rushed out saying, breathless.

"Ready to leave?" I said, unhurried, not looking anywhere else but her, before I stood up and held out my hand.

She paused, frowning. "We're going somewhere? I haven't planned our honeymoon yet. Sorry-everything was just last minute, it had slipped my mind."

"Don't worry. I've got it all figured out." I held her hand, guiding her outside.

"Wait! Where are we going? Our friends and family need to know, in case they worry."

The car was waiting and I didn't want to tell anyone that we were, because I just wanted to keep it a secret. This was between my wife and I-nothing more. "I'll text Luke and he can inform the rest of the party, but now, let's get this marriage started, cara. I've waited long enough."

It wasn't until we boarded the plane, Sienna and I were in the bedroom, while I slowly undressed her, lavishing every inch of her. I haven't had this body for weeks on end, and I wasn't about to let the first sensations put to waste. I wanted this memory ingrained into my soul.

"My blushing bride." I smiled down at her, knowing that this was just a beginning for us.

Our love was stronger.

Our bond was immalleable.

Our trust in each other was profound.

Making love to her as my girlfriend was amazing. Making love to her as my fiance was breathtaking-but making love to her as my wife, was soul shifting, mind-altering effervescent experience.

Spent and sated, we were locked in each other's embrace. Sienna was tracing the scar the bullet had left on my skin, still a little pink and hasn't fully healed. "When do you want to schedule the removal for this?"

I was waiting for her to say something for weeks. "I don't want to get one, poppet."

"Why not? I thought you said you wanted one?"

"I did, but the more the see it, the more I want to keep it, as a remembrance of my mishap because I won't fail to protect you, ever again."

"Blake, no... it wasn't you're fault." Sienna pressed on.

I knew this, I truly did. But still-it won't leave my conscience. "I want it there as a remembrance, when I surrendered my life to you, knowing that I might never see you again. When the time comes-it's inevitable-that we will be tested again, one look at this scar, it's all I would ever need to be reminded of that day. I'd do it all over again without question."

She moved and kissed the scar three times. "You're an amazing man, mio marito, mi amore, il mio paradiso." My huband, my love, my paradise."

Pulling her face to mine, my soul connected with hers, content, happy and satisfied. "Thank you, Sienna." I spoke, feeling like the rest of the world has melted and it was just us-existing in this world we made for ourselves. "Paradiso. With you, I have found my paradise."

Epilogue

Three Months Later...

Sienna

"Happy three-month anniversary, Mrs. Knightly." Blake murmured, breathing me in.

Damn the man. He surely knew how to make me fall at his feet.

"Where's my happy anniversary sex?" I mumbled, pushing my butt against his hard length. He bit my neck, making me rock and push harder against him.

"So, how about a baby? Now that you're my wife, don't you want a little Knightly running about?"

"Blake!" I smacked his arm. There goes my libido!

"Goodness woman, I was merely joking. Okay, maybe a tad." He kissed me, rolling me onto my back, parting my legs and thrusted into me, hard, just how I always liked it. "Did I tell you that I love being married to you?" He grunted out, getting lost in the pleasure of our bodies.

Everyday. "Always."

That same afternoon I was in the kitchen, cooking dinner when Blake came home with something in tow.

"Puppies?" I grinned, running towards the cute fluffy furry balls.

Blake placed them on the floor, as they skittered, barked and started jumping from excitement. "One husky for me and one mini for you. Since you aren't ready for kids, we could practice with these two."

"I love this little Maltipoo." I picked the white puppy with the pink bow and kissed it on the lips. "I think I'm going to name her Cookie."

"I like that. What do you think I should name mine? I was thinking of Santini?" Blake scratched the blue-eyed puppy. "Santini, how about it huh?"

The dog barked at him, possibly giving him approval.

"Santini it is! Santini Knightly." He laughed at his own joke, while I rolled my eyes and went into the kitchen with my new dog.

The next morning, I woke up with Blake kissing my shoulder, before I spun around and smelled his chest, kissing where his heart was located.

Santini and Cookie immediately ambushed us, wanting to share kisses as well. We gave them a few minutes before we went back to each other.

That was until Santini started to hump his leg, uber excited, much to Blake's horror. "What the-he's really bloody humping my leg! Get off me, you randy bastard!" Blake's furious face just made me get out of bed, laughing.

"Have fun you two. I'm off to the kitchen to make some breakfast." I gave him an amused smile, gathering Cookie, before leaving him with his new adopted furry love.

"Bloody hell, Sienna!" he screeched out while I strode towards the kitchen, grinning like an idiot.

Marriage.

Without a doubt, I loved this new life of mine.

"You can't predict the future nor can you undo the past, mistakes formed regrets and turned into experiences. It's only after being through the storm that we can only appreciate the sunshine."

- Rashida Rowe

~ THE END ~

