1

Blake

One month and two weeks later......

"Do you want any more cognac?" the dark-eyed Spanish beauty asked. Do I want any more cognac? No. I'm already trashed as it is, but my mind keeps running away with thoughts of the woman who stole my heart, my soul.

"Sure," I murmured.

Her cat-like smile was plastered on her sensual face while she poured. I took a mouthful and loved the smooth burn of the expensive liquor. Her hand caressed the exposed spot on my chest where my shirt was unbuttoned. She's obviously trying to get my attention, but I chose to ignore her. She took my indifference as a green light and started to hastily undo my shirt.

Hell, this woman was adamant.

She started to kiss my neck, chest and stomach. Her tongue lingered around the edge of my trousers. I just stared at her. Waiting to see how far she'd go to please me. Women were always this easy-they never say no-always willing to spread their legs wide open anytime, anyplace.

Well, with the exception of one.

The one I wanted more than anything.

The one I fell in love with but who walked away from me.

Fuck the blasted karma. My head's been bombarded with thoughts of her-thoughts of her with that insipid man that she's with. My heart squeezed as I tasted acid in my mouth. The hell with it!-if she doesn't want me then there are tons of women who are more than willing to accommodate me....like this harlot trying to appease me and my moodiness, my thoughts queried sourly.

I groaned as she undid my pants, slightly lifted my hips so she could easily pull them down. She stroked my semi-hard c**k as she sought my lips.

"No. There will be no kissing. I've emphasized that fact enough. If you're not happy with it-you know where the door is." I hissed at her. Her dark eyes widened from shock but fully recovered from it after a few seconds.

I don't give a f**k if she stays or not.

"Whatever you want mi amor," purring as she lowered her head to capture the head of my shaft. I released a sigh and leaned back on the couch as she started to stroke it with her tongue.

Damn, why did I expect it to be like hers? Not only did she steal my heart, but she stole a bloody part of my sex life.

FUCK! Bloody Fuck!

How will I ever be satisfied with any other woman if she was the best I've ever had? She gave a mean head...and when she takes you-she gave it her all-and there was nowhere to go but to get sucked into that soul-gripping abyss.

This woman before me-fucking mediocre-most of them are when it gets down to dirty business.

Most women aren't gifted, only some are. And let me tell you-there aren't many of them out there. Some can be okay, some good, some great, but only a few will seriously blow your bloody f**king mind. Sienna was the bloody f**king package. And I loathed her even more as the day goes by.

Finally, the woman managed to get my dick up.

I pulled out my wallet and handed Maria Reyes a foil condom packet.

Leaning back again on the couch, I closed my eyes and thought of Sienna. I heard her tear the foil packet; she gently rolled it on my cock. I met her two days ago at a friend's party and she latched on like the leech that she is-but I don't mind that, not at all-at least she was honest with what she's after.

She positioned herself and straddled me and gently pressed her wet, greedy pu**y on my cock.

A soft moan escaped my lips.

I imagined it's Sienna on me. I imagined the night I woke up from her f**king me or that night during Chad's show in the office. Hell, f**king her in the office was blatantly hot. She became even more frenzied when I held her neck while I f**ked her some more. She didn't mind the choking-she just took it all. We wanted each other-in any imaginable way we could get it.

I gripped Maria's hips harder-feeling the intensity of my climax building and brewing inside. I pictured making love to her-her gasping face as I fill her-her screaming my name-her face as she orgasms. "Fuck Sienna!" screaming her name as I came.

"Bastardo!" Maria screeched as she climbed off me. Not the first time this happened. It happened the night I met her and every single time we f**ked-which was a lot in the last two days.

I shrugged when I heard the front door slam with a little quake.

Not my bloody fault if she kept coming back. I didn't mean it, not really. It just happens. My mind constantly revolves around Sienna. The only time I get a hiatus is at work, but somehow she even manages to penetrate my workaholic mentality at the oddest times. Like I would be spacing out during a meeting because I've been thinking about her smile or how she teases me. Anything and everything-always about her-and I'm bloody going mindlessly crazy with this.

When will the miserable longing stop? I hate feeling this way. I got up and took care of cleaning myself. I'm sure Maria left already-but not for long.

Strolling to the kitchen, I found Toby sitting with his laptop on the black granite breakfast countertop. "Maria?" he inquired without looking up.

"Yup," I said shrugging. "I know I'm paying you tons to do an excellent job-but it's almost midnight-you need to stop and do that in the office."

"Yeah, well I needed to straighten out a lot of the budget. This is such a bloody mess," Toby mumbled and took a long sip of his beer.

"Well who would've thought the old arse was embezzling money. If he wasn't grandfather's good friend, I would've gladly punished him-but hey granddad pretty much said to let it go."

He smirked. "Sure...five million pounds is easy to let go for you folks."

I opened the fridge to get bottled water-drank some and turned around to face him. I grew up with Toby. We went to the same boarding school and university. We grew up privileged, but his father's gambling took a toll on the Watson's bank balance and it's been dwindling ever since. His parents have been pressuring him to help out his younger brother, Liam, through high school and he's been lending them a hand. He was making a decent amount in his other job in the finance department at one of the leading hedge fund companies in Europe. But when I found out what old McKenzie was doing-I threw him out and hired Toby. I'm paying him double to ease some of the pressure. He's worth it, not only am I lending him a hand-he also happens to be a genius when it comes to money. Toby's the closest thing I have for a brother and it pains me to see him stressed out about his father's failings.

Toby cleared his throat and looked me in the eye. "Mate-for years I haven't said a word about all your follies-but what in God's name are you doing? I see you're hurting-but you won't talk about it. You're drunk most nights and frolicking with different women. What the hell happened with Sienna? Lucy and Chad are clueless too-no one is talking and we're all wholly baffled."

Fuck, I knew this was going to come.

When Toby moved in a few days after Sienna left, he never said a word about it. He simply dodged the whole subject, but I knew he was giving me time to come to terms with my problem-my pride-but now time's up.

Never once had I retained any reservations when it came to talking to Toby-this bit with Sienna-where do I even begin? It was a bloody calamitous disaster. Now my best friend is staring me down, waiting.

Blimey, this is bloody difficult...just start with a cleaner version, less hassle...less questions.

"She found out about Camilla. I promised I would take care of it and I did. She obviously was gutted about it-I understood that-but I couldn't lose her-so I proposed-she turned me down and went to LA with that cretin named Kyle. End of story."

"Wait-you proposed? Like marriage?" His face was disbelieving.

"Yes! Exactly that! End of discussion." I roared at my friend's face which he unfortunately didn't notice.

How the heck does he know how this feels like? He's so smitten with Lucy.

"Mate-I knew you were/are still enamored with her-but you proposed marriage...you're that in love with her? Wow, I get it now-all these clamoring different women...." He trailed off shaking his head, "-but mate-you can't f**k your way out of this one."

"We'll see about that," barely hearing my own murmur because I simply doubted it myself. I have a slim chance in hell getting over that woman who unequivocally bewitched me. But I have to try at least and try I will.

I can't keep living like this-like my insides-like my soul is being sucked out of me-it's frightening. Surely there are tons of broken people who move on quite easily, why couldn't I be one of those people? I'll be damned if I wouldn't at least try-even if my method is "fucking my way out of it."

"She's back you know. Why don't you go see her?" Toby eyed me with those knowledgeable blue eyes.

"Fuck no! I'm not going to crawl back and beg again. Once was humiliating enough. I'm sure Matthews got her now." The thought of her being with Matthews is killing me. She needs to get out of my head and make camp somewhere else. It's like having insanity running havoc in your head.

"Yeah 'cause her being with Matthews is what you really want," he finished his beer and slammed it down on the counter.

"Listen-she didn't want me. There's no why or how-she just doesn't. Do you not think I berate myself enough for not telling her about Camilla? I do-but my apologies were shrugged off and dismissed without consideration. If she doesn't want to be with me-then what is the point with begging again for her to come back? I'm convinced that I was just a little jaunt to get over her hurt from the cheating wanker."

"You both did start dating quite quickly after Kyle. You probably have a point-Luce did mention you were the second man she dated after him. And I suppose you two being close friends helped your cause. So, if that theory is true...being used as a rebound by Sienna shouldn't be so bad, I take it? It is Sienna we're talking about...I know a few mates who are captivated by her but I doubt they can hold against Kyle or you. Don't say I didn't warn you about her and Kyle, mate. She used to talk about being married to him before you even came in the picture."

"You did-and I didn't pay heed. I couldn't-I wanted her."

"There were times I saw her look at you in a certain way-like conflicted somehow-but the way her eyes looked-I thought she was in love."

"She doesn't... she never did." Painful but it's the truth. Idiot me thinking I've found the one.

"What happened with the Clayworths then?"

"They were understanding and said they wanted me to be happy. Camilla was shattered of course. She already had her dress drawn out and ideas where the wedding was to be held. I like Camilla, she and I are compatible-and she loves me. But I fell in love with Sienna. I wanted it to be like the usual blase I went for-but she was different-she rocked my world and left me in shambles."

"Anyone with eyes can see how Camilla is so smitten with you, mate. You always treated her differently than your usual conquests. You took her on holidays and such-then again you needed that to get to know your wife-to-be. I think Camilla is a great woman-but I'm biased because I love Sienna and you're my friend-so I want you two to be together. But since you've categorized that subject as rubbish and you're done fighting for Sienna and handing her over to Kyle -why don't you want to date Camilla? You do like her and you two seem quite compatible actually. All these different women Blake-surely it's taxing? Think about it."

"I'm really starting to hate Sienna. My whole life is out of order."

"Doubt that but sure, whatever you say. I'm off to bed. See you in the morning." He took his laptop with him and left the kitchen.

Damn him. He knew how much I hated Kyle Matthews and he kept rubbing it in. Every night I've been tortured with thoughts of them together. It's no wonder I drank myself to sleep most nights.

I left the kitchen towards the stairs and headed to my room. I needed to shower and clean myself of any traces of Maria on my body.

Can I really consider dating Camilla? I have to be sure because Camilla's an excellent woman and I don't want to hurt her, again.

Turning the dials on my steam shower, I dwelled on my thoughts. Sienna, you really crippled me. I thought abhorrently.

I have to rein my feelings before this whole disaster affects my work. I can't let down grandfather. This company is my legacy. My children will inherit this someday and their children's children. Hell, the thought of kids turns my stomach into acid. A little girl that looked like Sienna floated around my head.

God, how I want that woman-it's maddening. Maybe if I could taste her one more time-get her out of my system-it would help. She did believe in closure, didn't she? She went to see Kyle for "closure" and moved on from me. I suppose I could test that theory.

Fuck! Fuck! I'm getting hard thinking about her body. I've had sex three times today, but put Sienna in my thoughts and I instantly get a hard-on.

I'll figure something out. I always do.

I want to possess her-for the last time.

Then I can move on and not look back.

2

Sienna

It's been a month and three weeks since I've been back in London. The trip to LA was worth it. Although, my teachers were accommodating, I still had homework to catch up on. I stayed with Kyle and his parents during the whole two week visit. Marie was overjoyed and wouldn't stop implying that someday I would eventually go back to her son. I hid most of the time in the guestroom and tried to forget about everything-which was simply impossible to do.

My memory always flashed back to that single moment when he proposed and I declined-his expression then-his beautiful face contorted with hurt and rejection-made me feel like a double cold-hearted bitch. He proposed and I never saw it coming. Not only was I reeling from the revelation of his impending engagement, I was gob-smacked by the proposal. As much as I loved him, I am not ready to be married. I'm not even twenty-marriage is out of the question. I felt bombarded with all sorts of emotions at that very moment-but it doesn't take away the fact that the bottom line was/is, that I'm still in love with Blake Knightly. If he told me about the whole thing before I found out from that wretched woman, I would've forgiven him. But it was all a joke wasn't it? I felt betrayed and most of all the butt of all jokes. Who else knew and never once warned me about it?

Everything's been on auto-pilot. I've trained myself to smile and be cheerful around people even though it's killing me inside. I'm a living empty shell-but the beat goes on right? And so I shall.

After the first week in LA shutout to the world in Kyle's guestroom, he wouldn't let me have the same courtesy come the second week. I was grateful for his persistent nature. He took me to Disneyland and Universal Studios, twice for both. I had a blast-who wouldn't? I felt like a kid again. Kyle knew me inside out and I'm thankful he's helping me through this rut of post-breakup madness.

Oh, the irony. When Kyle broke my heart, Blake was there for me. And now the situation's reversed. The cycle of life can be so tedious and complicated.

Kyle on the other hand-took a different turn. A hot sexy turn, I might add. He cut his surfer hair and had a buzz like cut, got a large intricate tribal tattoo on his back that wrapped around his shoulder and arm. The trip back home gave him a nice tan. He's been dropping hints about us again. How long can I evade the subject? This is major emotional overload.

I'm on my way to catch up with Chad and Lucy in a pub outside Lucy's school. I've explained the situation to them-only the highlights. I don't think I can voice much without breaking down into hysterics. It's best to keep it that way. I have a facade to put on.

I'm ninety-nine point nine percent sure those two didn't buy the crap I fed them, but hey I had to keep trying. It's easier to be in denial with my feelings to others when I simply couldn't deal with it either. I'd rather dwell on it alone without anyone seeing me. I was functioning and that I believed was a great head start.

Upon entering the pub, I saw Luce and Chad tucked in a booth on my far left and made my way to them. Their faces lit up upon seeing me.

"Hello ladies-sorry to be late-traffic totally sucked on the way here."

"Oh, don't be daft-no need to apologize love," Lucy greeted me and kissed both of my cheeks. The European way-love it!

Chad poured me a glass of red wine and slid it carefully before me. It's just us three now. The boys, Toby and Blake, temporarily moved to Marbella to finish the project.

"Chad, you've lost weight. Are you on a diet or something?" I asked.

He looked at Lucy and me. "I did?" We both nodded in unison. He smiled but it didn't reach his eyes. "Oh you know. The usual problems g*y men have. Boyfriends...parents...hellish things...But you know, moving on-the exhibition was a success although it definitely took a large amount of my life. It was stressful but super f**king worth it."

"What's going on with your parents Chad?" Lucy asked.

He shrugged before answering. "Usual crap-don't feel like talking about them. But let me tell you my dear baby love-all your portraits were sold-I had to let you know since you've been hella busy since you've been back. You've been ignoring your bestie-but I forgive you!"

"I'm sorry you guys, promise I'll be better. But wait-who bought them? Oh, I'm so happy for you! You're going to be a major brand soon! Just you wait."

"I can't disclose that-sorry," he smiled wickedly at me. Huh.

"I can only guess who bought them-but who knows-anyway, Toby invited all three of us to go down there and visit. I mean I go there almost every weekend to see him-but he wants to catch up with everyone," Lucy said with excitement.

Um, not ready for that. Toby lives with Blake. Certainly not ready for that.

"You guys go-I'm busy with school and work. Tell him I said hi and I miss him or better yet-I'll text him."

"Please do. He's been worried you see-but he'll be glad to hear from you. What about you Chad? Coming?" Quirking her eyebrow.

"No can do missy-I have a lot on my plate. Though the thought of sunbathing and enjoying hot rich men around the beach is very enticing-I have to pass, maybe next time perhaps?" Lucy stuck a tongue at him. "Oh, surely not you too? You're such a bugger Chad!"

Crap, invitations to go to Marbella are going to come up a lot. I just hope I have enough excuses to dodge it. Chad loves vacations, wonder what's keeping him? He looked unhappy, but why? Was it about his parents? I'll corner him later and interrogate.

I've heard from Luce that Blake's been extremely busy, flying to a few different countries on a weekly basis. His reign in the business is imminent and Toby's confident that Blake's grandfather is stepping down in the next six months. With his hectic schedule-I doubt he remembers his short stint with me. He did have a playboy reputation and I don't doubt that he already had a replacement. The man was insatiable and had an everlasting stamina in bed and out of it.

Thinking of him with another woman slowly kills me-but that's the reality...and sooner or later I have to face that. It's inevitable that I will see him with his girlfriends. I just hope that he's okay and hopefully, someday he and I can be friends again.

It was almost ten before we decided to leave the pub and by then we were starving. We totally forgot about dinner and got carried away talking. They never brought up the subject of Blake, thank goodness!

"Where do you guys want to go eat? I'm starving so decide pronto!" Chad demanded. "Oooh China Town, please? Crispy Duck?" My famished tummy growled.

"Genius, let's go biatches!" Chad said as he hailed a black cab.

I haven't had a meal all day. I nibbled on a granola bar, had two grande cappuccinos and two glasses of red wine. I am ravenous.

There's this restaurant in China Town that's open until four in the morning and they have the best crispy duck ever. I mean-seriously-it's divine. They fry the duck to a crisp and the pull the meat into shreds on the table with two forks, you then eat it with Chinese style pancakes and a drizzle of plum sauce. It's glorious! I've tried several Chinese restaurants in LA that offered something similar, but it's not even close. We all love this place...even Blake. We used to come here often after late night partying.

When we got inside the restaurant, Lucy excused herself to call Toby. Apparently they've been playing phone tag all night. When Chad and I were both seated, I took the opportunity to ask him.

"Chad-whatever it is-you can tell me-something's bothering you-I'm here for you," I said as I studied his face. Something flashed in this eyes, was it pain?

"I'll tell you later okay?-I'm not ready to talk yet-but thank you. I know you're there for me, Sienna. That's why I love you," he smiled lamely at me. How I wish I knew what it was-so I can help put a genuine smile on his face again. His usual vibrant self is gone-the luster dimmed. What the hell happened? Why won't he tell me?

"I'm not going to put my phone on silent at night anymore-you can call me anytime, whenever you are ready to talk." He nodded and when he saw Lucy striding towards us, he pasted a lame smile.

So, I guess we both had a mask on-pretending we're okay.

After dinner, Chad took off to party with his friends while Luce and I headed home. China Town is close to our flat in Covent Garden so it didn't take us long to get back to our place.

Tomorrow's Friday, so no classes for me. I can't wait to sleep in late and just be a bum all day eating tubs of ice cream. I showered and went to bed. The past three weeks of getting two or three hours of sleep and short naps took a toll in my body. I'm exhausted and slept without a hitch.

I was woken up by my phone shrilling next to me. I placed it next to my beside table just in case Chad took my offer and it seems that he did. But when I reached for my phone, the number flashing on the screen was unfamiliar.

"Hello?" my sleepy voice croaked.

Goodness, I'm parched. I need water.

"Is this Miss Sienna Richards?" the stern voice of the man on the other end asked. I don't know why, but there was something with the way he spoke that made my heart beat wildly. "Yes, speaking. What is it?" I inquired.

"I'm calling because you are the listed person on the emergency contact. There's been an incident with Chad Wilson. We suggest that you come to the hospital to discuss the situation."

Chad, my poor Chad. What happened? I started to shake as I responded to the other person on the line and informed him that I would be there as soon as possible. I called a cab company and rushed over to Lucy's bedroom and woke her up. She almost jumped out of her skin when I told her. We both quickly changed and I harried myself in sweats and Uggs.

The entire cab journey was silent as we held hands. I could hear Lucy silently weeping. I haven't any clue what the incident was. They wouldn't disclose any information until I got there.

When we got to the emergency reception, the nurse directed us to the room and told us what happened. "He was brought in couple hours ago. He consumed great amount of alcohol. That alone was dangerous, but what put everything off kilter was his use of cocaine. He overdosed and slipped into a coma." I stared at her while Lucy bawled next to me.

"Coma? Drugs? Chad doesn't do drugs. There must've been a mistake. Chad wouldn't do that..." my voice trailed off as the nurse smile sadly at me.

"That's always the case love. Here's the room. Do you know how to reach his family? It's best you should contact them as well." I nodded not knowing what else to say. I have to go through Chad's phone for his parent's phone number. The nurse went on, "I just checked on him so you both can go in and wait for the doctor. He'll explain everything." I nodded half hearing her speak as I gently pushed the ominous white door open.

The shock of seeing Chad lying there on the hospital bed hit me with sadness and guilt. I rushed to his side crying.

"Why didn't you tell me? Why the hell didn't you!" my sad angry voice shook as I hugged his body and cried.

This is all entirely my fault. I let him leave knowing something was off. I could've stopped this from happening but I didn't. Now he's in the hospital...in a coma. His dark skin looked ashen, his lips pale. Aside from the beeping noise of the heart monitor and the ventilator, he looked completely lifeless. Chad, had I known you were in so much pain, I wouldn't have left your side tonight. He was in so much pain he overdosed on booze and drugs, I thought sadly to myself. Lucy was crying openly on the chair.

We were both distraught when the doctor came in the room.

"Miss Richards?" The salt and pepper haired doctor asked. I nodded to him because my voice has completely left me, my body completely in shock. He introduced himself as Dr. Hill. He was kind and understanding as he explained the situation. The amount of alcohol and drugs Chad consumed was unbelievable. I felt as if the doctor slapped me when he asked if Chad had given any indication he was suicidal. What was he blabbering about? Chad would never commit suicide. But why would he? The doctor kept insisting that it was suicide. His coma could be indefinite or it could be permanent. The next few days were going to be critical for his recovery. He said there was not much that we can do until they see progress. He bid his farewell shortly after.

Lucy and I held each other. We both agreed that he would never commit suicide and yet here he was. The guilt is eating us up inside because we didn't have any clue what Chad was going through. The thought of Chad in a coma permanently terrifies that hell out of me.

He can't leave! He has to survive. He will open his eyes again and give me that sweet smile, I kept saying to myself. He's such a beautiful person, inside and out. His career was starting to take off, what's the reason behind the suicide? Boyfriend? Finances? What?

Whatever it was...suicide is not the answer. He had us to help him out-he didn't have to go through it alone. But apparently he felt alone or he would never have opted for this. Suicide usually is the last resort and my dear friend was unknowingly holding on by a very fine thread.

I pulled a chair next to him and held his hand while Lucy did the same on the other side. We both silently prayed and hoped our friend will recover from this.

My sweet Chad...please don't leave me...I thought as I fell asleep crying holding his cold, lifeless hand.

I woke up when I heard hushed voices. A bright stream of sunshine filtered through the tinted windows. I looked up and saw Toby holding on Lucy. His face and eyes were red and blotchy. He was obviously crying too. "Toby? When did you get here?"

"Around nine-thirty, two hours ago-I came here as soon as I found out. Blake couldn't come since he's in Australia for the next two weeks. He said he'll try to wrap-up everything as soon as possible and be here as well." I nodded in understanding.

Kyle came the moment he found out and all four of us stayed there and prayed for our friend to come back to us. The guys took turns fetching coffee and food. Not once did Luce and I leave the hospital room.

It was late Sunday afternoon and Toby had to fly back to Spain for work. He promised to be back in couple of days. He needed to sort some business before taking a few days off.

When Monday rolled around, Lucy reluctantly had to leave for school. I stayed vigilantly next to him. Kyle brought some clothes for me and all the other things I needed. I tried to look for Chad's phone but apparently he didn't have it with him when the medics brought him in.

I had to personally make calls to my teachers and explain the whole thing. They said that I could do the assignments and email it to them before the end of the semester. I promised I would do all the extra work and visit museums if I have to. They were all kind, understanding and at the same time worried about Chad. I knew what they were thinking. What if he never wakes up again? But I can't think like that. I have to be optimistic. I have to keep faith for Chad. He needed me to be strong for him.

For the next few days, Luce did the same as I did. She leaves only when she has to. Kyle visits twice a day-in the morning before he goes to work and after he gets out of work.

By Friday, I was watching reruns of Hollyoaks on the small television screen the hospital provided when I felt Chad's hand move. I jumped from my seat and stared at his hand for a whole minute without blinking. There it was again, it was moving!

I scrambled to my feet and rang the nurse's station and told them what I witnessed. The doctor barged in after five minutes checking vital signs and ordered a CT scan immediately. The nurses wheeled him out of the room and onto another floor. The doctor advised me to stay put and get some rest.

I was fidgeting when Kyle found me and I relayed everything to him. "Sienna, I understand your worry-I really do babe-but you have to go home and rest. You need to sleep or you'll be the one in the hospital next. You're shedding weight."

He's right.

I feel like I'm floating and I'm so groggy I can't think straight. I can't be of any help if I kill myself in the process.

"K, but only after the doctor gets back from the scan." He nodded and squeezed my shoulders.

We waited for the doctor-what seemed like forever-and he explained that there's some brain activity and advised that the possibility of Chad recovering can still vary. We have to wait for a few more days if Chad shows any signs.

After the doctor left, Kyle took me back to his house. I didn't want to be alone and he insisted on taking care of me. I don't know how I managed to fully shower without passing out. I wore Kyle's LA Kings hockey jersey and fell asleep the second my head hit the pillow.

I woke up in the morning breathing in Kyle's neck. He only had his silk boxers on. His arms were wrapped tightly around me and both of our legs tangled. I tried to imagine in my head how I could untangle myself without waking him up when I felt his heartbeat accelerate wildly against my chest. His breathing became shallow as his morning wood started to become evident against my inner thigh. Shit, this sucks.

"Kyle?" I whispered to him. He groaned in my hair. "I can feel your erection-feel like letting go of me now?" I said against his neck.

"Never-I will never let go of you." Uh! I have to get back to Chad. I tried to push myself off him but he wouldn't release me. "I love this Sienna. Give me just a few more minutes. Let me cherish this moment for a few more."

"Fine." I murmured. I wouldn't have relented if he wasn't so supportive and took care of my well-being. It's the least I could do, compromise.

Not knowing what to do, I gently traced the tattoo on his arm, it was a beautiful design and it fitted him well.

"Can I kiss you?" he asked as he kissed my neck.

Oh, what the heck. I am so not in the mood to be teased. "Kyle-maybe next time-I'll think about it, but for now I need to get back to Chad."

"Think about that rain check, will you?" I gently slapped him in the head as he laughed heartily and released his hold of me. Men and their stupid hormones! Seriously.

I ran to the bathroom and showered. I dressed with the clothes that Kyle packed for me yesterday. I didn't want to miss any progress with Chad. Kyle dropped me off at the hospital and I hastily kissed his cheek. He tried to capture my lips for a kiss but I nudged his arm playfully.

Kyle's been a little aggressive with his antics lately. I can't honestly accommodate that thought when my friend was lying lifeless in the hospital bed.

3

Blake

I was on my way out of the hospital when I saw her emerge from the cab with Matthews. They looked pretty intimate and I was frozen on the spot watching how the two exchanged their goodbyes.

Keep moving before she sees you, I told myself but I couldn't. I haven't seen her in a couple of months and my eyes were taking everything in. She's walking towards the building with a huge smile on her face.

Is she still in love with him? Did she always love him even when she was with me? Did she think of him while we were together? Bloody f**k, she probably did.

She's obviously looking happy while I sat with my own bloodless misery. Every waking moment, I feel the loss of Sienna and she didn't give a damn. I was convenient and she most likely used me to just get over her ex. Well, you did pursue her-it's no one's fault but yours. Resentment always creeps in and I'm starting to hate her-really, scornfully hate her.

I stood frozen studying her face. She's wearing a black cotton long sleeved top, black leggings and the very same cowboy boots she wore that wretched day she confronted me about my engagement. My stomach recoiled thinking about that encounter.

Her hair's still wet-obviously just out of the shower. Did she share it with Kyle? Stop, it doesn't matter. She doesn't matter anymore.

When she finally saw me, she stopped and stared with her pretty mouth hanging ajar.

I stared at her beautiful face, hating and loving her at the same time. My jaw tightened thinking about her with another man. God knew I haven't been celibate. I jumped at the nearest woman who opened her legs invitingly a day or two after she left for LA. But f**k, jealousy was such a toxic emotion.

"Blake," her soft voice stammered. I caught her eyes wandering all over me, stopping at my mouth.

"Sienna," I said through gritted teeth. I hate you.

"You're uh-back early from Australia? Did you see Chad? How is he?" she pressed her lips, looking anywhere but me.

"I came here straight away after I landed couple hours ago. I had to cram some meetings together to get here. There was another movement from Chad's fingers and the doctor is hopeful. Lucy and Toby are upstairs."

"You're leaving? You're not staying longer?" Her fingers fidgeted on her purse straps. She did that when she's nervous. Good, I didn't want her to think that things would be the same after she dumped me without even giving me a chance to explain properly-another chance to prove that I did mean everything I said and promised her. I'm not going to be the considerate man that she once knew.

"I have to go to Rome for a few hours. I've been summoned by my uncle. I'll be back when I can."

"Oh, right. Um have a safe flight then-wait-do you want to go get some coffee before you leave? I haven't had one yet-"

"No. I'm busy. I have to go."

My rejection threw her off. Even when we were friends, I always succumbed to her wants-not anymore. I can't stand being with her in the same vicinity without wanting to strangle her. It's best that I leave before I say something I would regret later on.

I nodded and left her standing there, looking hurt and not knowing what to do. Striding towards the awaiting black Bentley without looking back, I released a long breath after sliding into the confines of the car. I then ordered Robert to drive me to the office in South Bank to get some paperwork before leaving for the airport.

Luke greeted me cordially once I entered my office floor. He was alerted the moment I entered the building. I want every single branch that I own to run efficiently.

He handed me all the paperwork I needed to go through today and briefed me with all the ongoing progress in all branches of the company. After listening without interrupting him, I excused myself to go to the annexed apartment I have inside my office. I could've easily gone to my apartment. But I didn't, I simply can't. That place is haunted by memories of her. Her scent lingered everywhere in my room and I'm not ready to step in there knowing full well I won't recover if I do.

I welcomed the silence once I entered the annex apartment. It contained a massive king-sized bed, full shower, and a well-equipped stainless steel kitchen. The whole place was decorated with Sienna's solo portraits from Chad's show. Her other ones with that man named Troy I could do without. I might accidentally burn them all. There were six solo portraits-but the bloody cretin took the other one he kept staring at all evening. I'm sure that image reminded him of something significant-that's why we ended up fighting that night. I punched his jaw without a second thought after Chad informed me that Kyle purchased the portrait already. "She's my girlfriend. Don't even think twice of trying to take her away from me. I will ruin you Matthews! I can easily ruin you." I remembered threatening him while others scrambled to exit the room.

"She was mine first-don't you ever forget that you ass**le! Once she realizes that you're just a f**king playboy and she's just one of the passing girls-she's going to run back to me! I'm always here for her. That's how it's been and that's how it always will be. She hasn't been with anyone apart from me and you-what you guys have is lust not love, nothing else. Dude-get your shit together before you threaten me, you stupid British f**k!" he yelled and huffed angrily before storming out of the room.

Once he left, I felt helpless. What Sienna and I have-it's more than that. I knew it-my heart knows it-my soul knows it. I felt it with her kisses and the way she looked at me. I tried to convince myself that what Kyle said didn't bear any fruit.

I stood in the middle of the room staring at her decadent portrait and looked for answers. As if her eyes can tell me all her hidden secrets. How I wish I knew what they were.

"I took a hold of her arm and linked it to mine and lightly tugged her to follow me out of the room and headed towards the gallery office.

I needed to be with her. I needed confirmation that she's mine and that she won't ever leave me. I remembered hoping that she would love me the way that I loved her.

Memories of that night tugged something inside. My eyes started to tear and I immediately composed myself. I profusely cursed her portrait profusely before I headed towards the bathroom.

Call me a masochist, but I needed to see her face once in awhile. My heart is turning into a sinister dark ice, stone cold and black. I needed to be reminded-even for a second-that I once loved fully and fiercely with no boundaries. Glimpses of the future I once yearned for with her. The limited time I spent with her was the happiest I've ever been since my parents were taken away from me.

I knew I f**ked up when I didn't tell her about the arranged marriage. But she could've at least stayed, listened and given me the opportunity to fully explain myself. But she didn't-that's why I hate her. Her rejection when I proposed on the pavement in Covent Garden will forever be tattooed in my memory. I hate her for jumping ship.

I'm going to expand what my grandfather's father built. I'm going to exceed everyone's expectations and then some. I'm exceptional in what I do. It's the only thing I have a control of, its outcome, its future.

Stepping out of the steam shower, I walked over to the medium-sized walk-in closet adjacent to the bathroom. The call from my uncle's wife, Seraphina, baffled me. If my uncle wanted to talk, he could've called himself. Was he sick?

Both of my maternal grandparents died before I was even born. After mum died, he was the only relative I was close to in my mother's side. I'm close enough with my uncle, Luciano Vittori, my mother's only brother. We catch up once or twice a year. He's a busy man as well. He runs the family vineyard in Tuscany. Luciano and Seraphina used to be such a happy couple, they once reminded of my parents. But all that changed when my seventeen year old cousin, Alessandro, crashed his brand new Lamborghini into a tree going one hundred twenty miles per hour on a curved road. Aunt Seraphina died that day as well. She was never the same. The sunny person turned solemn and bitter.

I dressed in light blue dress shirt and black trousers. I needed a shave but I don't have the time to do so.

I need to get to Rome as soon as possible and get this over with.

The past two weeks have been such a nightmare. The news about Chad's suicide attempt took a toll on my sleep. I kept going in circles about his actions. The lively man who was once robust and full of life decided he no longer wanted to live. When I saw him earlier, I became angry. Why didn't any of us see this? Were we that selfish that we couldn't see our friend was going through pure utter hell?

Sienna adores Chad, we all do. But they were closer-they were each other's confidantes. Chad became a part of our circle, became a friend. The fact of him being g*y didn't bother me a bit. True, Chad tends to be flamboyant, but that's just a part of him. The other major part that others can't see is the man behind the persona. The man who's devoted to the people he cares about, the gifted man who has an eye for beauty and captures it exceptionally, the man who was crying out for help and left broken to be alone.

I knew all four us felt guilty. Our faces said it all. The minute Chad comes out of his coma I will keep a closer eye on him and make sure he gets all the help he needs. I knew he will come through. That man may be broken right now-but he has the spirit of a fighter.

I summoned Richard to wait for me outside the building and started to make phone calls. Mentally delegating in my head which ones should be taken care of first and which ones can be done last. I have a photographic memory and I'm a whiz when it came to numbers or I wouldn't be nicknamed "genius" by the Times magazine if I wasn't good in what I do.

I'm hoping to be back by seven tonight and see Chad again before I head out to Marbella tomorrow morning. I'm exhausted from all the country hopping-but I'd rather deal with that than with my emotions and where my thoughts lead to. It never did solve anything.

Getting out of the car I climbed the stairs of my G650 Gulfstream jet customized and fitted to my liking. I was greeted by a hot willing stewardess, a Nordic beauty. I smiled back at her. I might need a distraction later.

Seated and situated, I dialed Toby. The moment he picked up, I forgot about the Nordic beauty hovering about the cabin. I had informed him about the flight to Italy earlier in the hospital and he seemed intrigued and asked what Luciano wanted and I told him I had no clue. I notified him that my assistant, Luke, will send him a few emails and those needed to be done urgently. Before cutting off the call, I heard a familiar laugh in the background, Sienna. She was laughing about something Lucy had just said.

My heart contracted with the sound of her laugh. How I've missed that laugh. I pressed the bridge of my nose trying to reign in the emotions welling about.

Damn, that wretched witch of a woman.

But I'd rather die than admit that to her or to anyone. We were in the same circle of friends. We have to endure being in each other's company. I might as well get used to it. I will be seeing a lot of her very soon when Chad awakens.

4

Sienna

"You're leaving? You're not staying longer?" I asked Blake, my voice slightly pleading.

I just saw you-you can't surely leave?! I yelled in my head.

"I have to go to Rome for a few hours. I've been summoned by my uncle. I'll be back when I can." That sounds very important. I remembered him speak affectionately about his uncle-but his name escapes me.

"Oh, right. Um have a safe flight then-wait-do you want to go get some coffee before you leave? I haven't had one yet-"

I was going to just say goodbye-but my heart won out. I wanted to catch up and see how he's been. He looked so gorgeous. He still is the most beautiful man I've ever laid my eyes on, though there's a hint of darkness shrouding him now that wasn't present before. He seem hardened-cold and severely detached from me. Gone was the man who gave me those knee-buckling god-like smiles and earth shattering kisses.

"No. I'm busy. I have to go." His rejection was the nail in the coffin. I should've expected this. In the back recess of my mind, I did-but when it finally happens in my reality, a fresh set of pain racked through my body. I mentally prepared myself for this-but this ache-this rotten, putrid feeling that's gripping me is crushing and unbearable.

I wiped my eyes with the back of my hand when tears threatened to fall.

I can't break down and think of myself, Chad needs me. It's Chad that I should focus my energy on, not my irrevocably broken relationship with Blake.

I made sure my thoughts of Blake were shoved in the back of my mind and my tear ducts were dry before entering Chad's room and bravely faced Luce and Toby.

"Hello! How's Chad doing today?" I greeted the pretty couple.

Luce jumped out of her chair and hugged me tightly. "Blake was just here, did you manage to see him on the way out?"

"Yeah-it was awkward to say the least." I gave Luce and Toby a sad smile.

"Don't worry-you two will come around. You guys were close friends before. It's just, you know-things are still new and still need getting used to," she smiled encouragingly at me.

I gave her a peck on the cheek and murmured "thank you" and sat next to Chad's bed. He still looked a little lifeless but his lips are gaining a little color. That's a good sign right? He'll bounce back into full health. I just know it.

The three of us chatted around Chad's bed. Luce and I still took both sides next to Chad while Toby sat on the foot of the bed. He told me that he's giving up his flat because the job in Marbella might take up to a year to finish and there's no need to keep a place here when he doesn't obviously need it. Some of his things will be moved to Lucy's room and other furniture brought to our apartment. I didn't mind it, whatever is easier for him. We certainly have the room for it. So, I guess Blake and Toby are going to be housemates then. That certainly sucks...for me.

"How is Blake? I mean-I saw him earlier-he seemed angry still. Is he doing okay?" Heck, I'm fishing for information I knew that but I somehow wanted to know if he's okay after the break-up. I knew it's been two months since it happened, but I was curious.

"Blake has a very demanding and punishing schedule. I don't know how he does it-but he does and he does it superbly. But during night-he's been quite, I don't know how to put it. I mean-he's been quite-maybe overtly busy." I tried to open my mouth to respond but I couldn't form the words to. Overtly busy?

Lucy snorted. "Overtly busy, really my love? That's the understatement of the year. Try man whore." Toby glared at her.

She held up her hand, "I know you're besties with him-I love him too. We all know Blake used to go through women quite thoroughly but at least then he tried to get to know the women. This time, he doesn't even nit-pick-he just shags them. As long as the woman is hot and good-looking that is." She shrugged as I stared wide-eyed at them.

Hello??? How come none of them informed me?

The thought of Blake with different women on a daily basis made me run to the bathroom and puke. Fuck that was a lot of information to take in.

What was I really expecting, him pining away for me? Maybe. I just didn't expect him to move on like we-us-didn't matter much. Why would he, Sienna? You never once told him that you loved him and you turned down his proposal of marriage. The man has the right to move on and forget you.

I heard a soft knock on the door. "Sienna, can I help you at all?" Toby's soft sophisticated voice asked through the door. "No, I just need a minute. I'll be out soon," I called back.

I washed my face and rinsed my mouth with water. I straightened up my loosened bun before I came out of the bathroom. They both looked sorry. Sigh, it's not their fault I'm a mess. "Sorry, I was shocked that's all. I needed a moment."

Toby gathered me in his arms and hugged me tight. "You broke the man's heart, love. This is the only way he knows how to cure himself. You shouldn't take it personally. But he did love you-I just wish that he took care of the Clayworth's before taking things further with you. He was shattered too, babe."

"I know," I murmured sadly before returning to my chair next to Chad. "He hates me, doesn't he?"

"He'll come around. I know he will. I just don't know how long that'll take him." I nodded at Toby not wanting to talk about it anymore.

We changed the subject and spoke about Chad. Lucy animatedly rehashed stories about him that were funny and so very Chad, when Toby's phone rang and he went to the far side corner of the room and spoke in a hushed tone. I laughed sadly with Lucy's story and we both started to tear again when we looked at Chad's face. I miss you, my dear beautiful friend, I whispered in his ear.

Toby was busy with his laptop all afternoon and taking calls every half an hour or so. At five, they decided to leave and asked me if I wanted to join them for dinner with Blake, I graciously declined and used work as an excuse. After seeing him today and learning of his sexcapades, I honestly can only take him in small doses.

I waited for Kyle to pick me up so we could head out to work together. I love working with him. I love how diverse and exhilarating the music business is. Tonight, I have no clue where we're heading. I haven't paid much attention since Chad got admitted to the hospital. I have to go back to my flat and change before heading out to wherever we are working tonight.

When Kyle walked in thirty minutes after Toby and Lucy left, I asked if we could stop by at my flat. On our way to my apartment in Covent Garden, my thoughts dwelled on Blake, tuning Kyle out.

Once in the apartment, I headed straight to the shower leaving Kyle in my room. I showered and thoroughly scrubbed my body, shaved my legs and put a five minute sugar face mask on. Scrubbed clean and primed, I applied rose scented cream all over my body and came out of the bathroom with my pale green silk robe on.

"Where are we going tonight? How much time do I have to get ready?" I shot questions at him while I rummaged through my closet. He was on my bed staring at the ceiling. He was wearing all black and quite rugged. That haircut really does suit him.

"We're actually going to see TCC. They're playing at the Electric Ballroom tonight...just thought we should support them you know." He was now on his side propped with his elbow, watching me go through my closet. "Wear a skirt-but not too short. You never fail to look delicious with a skirt on." I glared at him. "Oh, shut up. Keep your fantasies at bay, you horndog!" he laughed.

"Gotcha!" I exclaimed as I took the clothes with me to the bathroom.

"Is that leather pants I see? Baby, that's hella hot. I can't wait!" he called out to me. I shut the door laughing. He's hopeless!

I slid on my itsy bitsy red lace thong followed by fitted black leather pants. I tried to put on the red corset covered with black lace, but failed miserably. Holding the corset tightly on my chest I barged out the door seeking for Kyle's assistance.

"Hey, could you help me out here really quick!" his hazel eyes bulged out from its sockets.

Great, here we go again. I started to tap my foot patiently waiting for him to get over it.

"Baby, do you know if you hold that thing closer, it would make your boobs pop-out right?" I rolled my eyes. He got up from the bed and I turned on my back so he can start working on the hook and eye. He did it slowly-quite deliberately.

"Kyle-when did you decided to start moving like a snail?" I impatiently asked him.

"Since your back is exposed to me. You're killing me here baby. You know how much I love your back. Fuck! This shit blows."

I smiled, knowing how distracted he'll be. "Maybe you should get laid you know...Have you been with anyone after Brooke?"

"Yes... you. That night in Santa Monica was the last time I got laid." Kyle whispered. No freaking way. That can't be, I mean Kyle is pretty hot. The bad boy with the buzz-cut hair, now with tattoos and those beautiful hazel eyes which I'm sure melts women-it used to turn me into a puddle of goo-why choose to be celibate?

Duh, you know why.

"You're joking right? That's crazy long ago. Having sexual problems young man?" Trying to make light of the situation because I'm totally freaked out-for a man to do something like that-is very serious. Guys just don't give up sex for no reason.

"Figured that I did so much damage with you and I don't want to ruin any chances anymore. I want you back. I don't care much about sex with other women. I just want you and I want the next time to be with you." Finishing the last hook and eye, he softly caressed my shoulder with the back of his finger.

"That's pretty loaded Kyle..."

"Don't worry....no need to rush. I just love being with you," he whispered softly in my ear.

"I saw him today, you know and he hates me." Him as in Blake Knightly.

"He doesn't hate you-the man is just hurt because you rejected him. I don't think that sits well with a man like Blake. I don't think he knows what rejection feels like and you dished it out to him. He'll get over it."

Why does everyone tell me that Blake will eventually "get over it"? Have they seen how much the man has changed? How much he loathes me? His eyes practically sliced me into two. And he totally looked hot...I'm such a charity case.

"Who knows if he's been rejected? Not many can resist him you know. Apart from his vast wealth, the man is a walking sex on a stick." My heart palpitated with thoughts of Blake with women again. Crap, this has got to stop.

"Exactly, you don't want that do you? You should think about the future and what you want. I know you're still recovering and you're doing a great job. But you have to let it go, Sienna. It's not healthy." I turned around and faced Kyle.

"You mean it's time for me to move on and consider you and me again?" I looked him straight in the eye.

"Yes...that too. I love you and I've been in love with you since I was ten I think. I told my mom that very same day that I was going to marry you someday. I want to marry you today, tomorrow...it doesn't matter. I'm nuts about you. We have history-just think about it? Promise me that, will you?"

"Marry you today or tomorrow?" I joked and tapped the tip of his nose.

"Sure. I'd love to. I can't stop loving you...or wanting you baby. I've tried and it was pointless. I know you're not ready to get married yet-so all I'm asking you is to start really thinking about us. How about a trial period? Two weeks or a month? See if you can be with me, that's all I ask. Promise me you will consider it?"

I smiled at his pleading face. "Okay, okay. If you're that desperate to be with me, then I promise to think about it."

He laughed, making his eyes twinkle. "God you're awesome!" He bent over to kiss me on the lips. "Now, get your fine sexy self ready or else we'll be crazy late to the gig."

"Fine, then go wait for me outside so I can finish up faster." I shooed him out of the room.

I gathered up and slipped on my lace-up knee-high black boots and started with my heavy lined make-up. Leaving my dark wavy hair down, few pumps of my Coco Mademoiselle perfume and gathered my clutch purse.

"I'm ready," I called out to Kyle. Maybe I can be ready to be with Kyle again. We'll see how things unfold.

First, I need my beloved Chad to emerge from his coma.

5

Blake

Entering the famed French Restaurant on Baker Street, I politely declined the offer of the maitre d' for assistance. I knew Lucy and Toby were waiting impatiently.

They've been calling and texting like mad for the past ten minutes. I'm late and I didn't mean to be. But Ivanna took her sweet time while getting ready. Ivanna's the Nordic beauty from the plane. The woman was uncontainable on the way back from Italy. I obliged her pouty requests. I f**ked her twice and the invitation for her to join me and my friends for dinner sprouted out of nowhere. Are you sure it wasn't because there's a possibility of her joining us for dinner? Possibly, I just knew I couldn't go in there defenseless.

The minute I found their table, Lucy's eyes buggered out. "Lucy, Toby this is my companion for tonight, Ivanna." Luce and Toby greeted her politely as we took our seats.

"So Ivanna, tell me-how did you two meet?" Her bright blue eyes were inquisitive as she took a long lengthy sip of her red wine.

"Oh we met today-I was his stewardess for Italy and he swept me off my feet. It was love at first sight." Ivanna flashed her winning white smile at me while I paled from her retort.

Love? What the f**k is this woman on?

Luce choked on her wine and covered her mouth with the silk napkin as she coughed. She took a sip of water and cleared her throat. "Love at first sight you say? That's epic. Congratulations you two! I'm so happy you've finally found your one true love, Blake. I knew you've been scouring the streets of London to no avail and finally....here you are-at last." Her voice dripped with her usual sweetness and a trace of sarcasm. She looked furious.

"Lucy!" Toby warned her with a quick glance before returning to Ivanna. "That's splendid! I'm happy for you both," he said with his usual charming demeanor.

"Thank you! Isn't that great baby? They already like me!" the delusional woman went on. Christ, had I known she was going to rant like a rambling floozy, I wouldn't have invited her. But now, I'm stuck with her for the rest of the night while Lucy's eyes throw daggers at me.

"Let's order, shall we?" I distracted myself with the menu as they discussed what to order.

When dinner was served, we spoke about Chad and the business world. The whole time Ivanna was compliant and kept touching my thigh which never failed to distract my attention and it made me halt a few times mid sentence. Lucy's laser eyes saw where her hand kept reaching out and I reddened under her scrutiny.

Thank god she kept her opinions to herself without making snide remarks. Lucy's a sweet girl but try crossing her and it's game over. Her attention kept diverting back to her phone and she would smile once in awhile whilst reading the messages.

"Why are you smiling like that, who are you talking to?" Toby asked her.

Her vibrating phone became a nuisance.

"Oh, I just found out about this new fave band that I love. They're playing tonight. We're going there after we're finished to enjoy live music and company. Do you two lovebirds want to come and join us?" she asked sweetly.

"Sure, count us in." Ivanna gave me a quick peck on the cheek. "This is going to be a fun night!" she crooned with her think accent. Christ, can she be any more annoying? I hate being fondled in front of an audience.

"Sounds....lovely," Luce murmured drily.

After dinner, I had Richard drive us to our next destination. We slid out of the Bentley and Ivanna linked her arm with mine as we entered the punk rock-like atmosphere. The band that Lucy was talking about already started playing. They sounded good and a large crowd milled around the stage.

We were seated in a booth that gave us a great view of the stage. Toby took the liberty of ordering us alcohol and I was relieved to get away from Ivanna's clasping hands. I could easily brush her off, but I didn't feel like being much of a brute tonight. It's been a long day. The visit in Italy took another toll on me. My uncle had a heart attack. He's stable now-but needs to rest. My aunt was barely hanging in there. I was trying to figure out a way to make things easier for them when the lead singer's voice boomed over the microphone after their song.

"I want to invite a very good friend of ours up here. He helped us out and signed our band. He became a very good friend and we found out that he can seriously jam. Kyle Matthews get your bloody arse up here!" The crowd applauded and hooted for the "guest." The bloody f**k emerged and went up on stage.

I tensed and looked accusingly at Lucy and Toby who had his hands held up. "Had no clue mate, don't look at me."

"Lighten up will you? Now, hush. I want to hear this one out," Lucy ordered.

Damn, I should've seen this coming when she invited us to go somewhere tonight. Lucy's on Sienna side and it didn't take much to realize that this is Lucy's way of punishing me for being so crass of late.

"Hello," the smiling idiot said on the microphone. "This is my first time playing with a large crowd, so I beg you guys to be patient. I'm going to play Somewhere in between by Lifehouse." Strapping the guitar on his shoulder, sat down and strummed it a few times before speaking again.

"This is song's for Sienna-the love of my life. Remember what you promised." He winked at someone in the audience and I examined the crowd looking for her. I found her sitting in another booth across the room smiling up to him. The room was dark but I could see her sappy looking face.

What did she promise him? What the hell!

"Goodness, he's going to serenade her! Right in front of all these people! How romantic! Sienna's probably peeing in her knickers just about now." Lucy's excitement piqued my increasing annoyance of the damning situation.

The f**king wanker's going in for the kill and she looks like she's eating it all up. I wanted to throw something at him to shut his gob.

He started to play the guitar and sang. His soft raspy voice lulled the audience to silence.

I can't meet

Losing sleep over this

No I can't

And now I cannot stop pacing

Give me a few hours

I'll have this all sorted out

If my mind would just stop racing...

"Gosh, did any of you know that he can actually sing? What a lovely voice! Is it just me or has Kyle gotten edgier? Look at all those tats. It looks incredible," Luce gushed with amazement.

Who cares? I wanted to yell at her. Ivanna even looked mesmerized at the crooning bloke. Women turn gaga over men singing with their guitars strapped on. The bad boy appeal, perhaps? Even the sweet proper Lucy simply looked awestruck. Bloody women.

"Try not to gawk at the poor bloke love-he might get struck by lightning-I'm sure he doesn't need any more trouble other than the wrath of Blake-that alone is deadly," Toby jested. He wasn't even jealous when his girlfriend admired another man. I wish I was that confident when I was with Sienna.

This is over my head

But underneath my feet

Cause by tomorrow morning I'll have this thing beat

And everything will be back to the way that it was

I wish that it was just that easy

My eyes landed back on Sienna. I took in her sexy ensemble. She looked provocative and racy with that red and black lace corset. God, she looks sultry and utterly fascinating. She can pull-off any bloody look. How does she do that? She can look divine and sophisticated with her a-line dresses and pearls then look like a cowgirl next without much ado. Fuck, her br**sts look like they're about to topple over. Did she dress up for him? My thoughts countered. Bloody f**k, I hate her!

Cause I'm waiting for tonight

Been waiting for tomorrow

I'm somewhere in between

What is real, just a dream

I felt a heavy ache sitting on my chest. I want her so badly it hurts to breathe but hell will freeze over before I succumb to Sienna again. I won't let her hurt me that way again.

I felt Ivanna's hand on my thigh again and smiled. It was a good call to bring her with me or I would've bloody dragged Sienna out of here before she could blink twice. I still had the inkling to do so, but my pride prevented me and rationalized my thinking.

When Kyle finished his song, he said thanks and left the stage. The audience seemed to love him. I watched him like a hawk as he strolled towards her. He picked her up and kissed her quickly on the lips as he twirled her around.

How cozy, it looks like they're back together, I thought drily as I took another swig of my drink, Belvedere on the rocks.

Luce and Toby excused themselves and made their way towards the inseparable couple. Ivanna's hand kept going upwards until she reached my crotch and massaged it. "You know you're a very sexy man Blake." I shrugged, smiling at her. "You are. I can't stop touching you." She pouted her lips and tried to catch my attention.

I bet my bank account appealed more to her no doubt. She's dressed in a silver sheath short dress with her platinum blonde hair and silver grey eyes that made her look like she came right out of the fashion runway. She's gorgeous and she knows how to use that to her advantage. Although she's a tad delusional...I might just keep her around if she can manage to not spout crazy notions about her and me. Or I can just drop her and properly pursue Camilla-if I can get my act together.

Ivanna was actually not bad with sex-nothing astounding, but fairly decent. She's quite responsive and didn't quite mind that I called her a different name. I can't help it you see-it just happens naturally even if I tried not to. Every single bloody f**king time I'm f**king someone, I imagine it's Sienna. Am I going crazy? It's quite bizarre and it's mystifying to me.

I smirked when I thought of doing the same thing with Camilla-she would be aghast and would never speak to me again. She's such a sweet, proper woman. That is why if I do decide to consider her, I have to be rid of Sienna. Or if not, at least not scream her name while I'm buried over nine inches deep inside another woman.

All four of them were approaching our booth. I leaned over to Ivanna's ear and whispered seductively, "Keep doing that...you might just get rewarded tonight. Can't help it can you?"

She shook her pretty blonde head, "How? That's impossible. You gave me two mind-blowing orgasms," she announced with no filter whatsoever and right in front of our FOUR approaching guests. Ivanna kept smiling at the newcomers. I heard Toby and Kyle break out in riotous laughter.

Perfect, just in time.

Toby and Luce slid in first. That left room for only one more person. "Come sit on my lap babe," the idiot slid next to Toby and pulled Sienna from her waist and positioned her on his thigh.

Brilliant, just bloody f**king brilliant!

The lovebirds sat before Ivanna and me. I didn't even bother introducing Ivanna to them. I'm raging with madness right now. I'm trying to reason with myself-that I have to get used to seeing her with someone else from now on. But I can't see straight! It's like waving a large crimson red flag at a raging, wild and uncontrolled bull. All I see is that red flag waving, baiting me to take a good hit at Kyle Matthews once again.

Oh, I'm sure he loves this awkward, uncomfortable situation. I knew he'd savor this sweet victory of his and rub it on my jealous face. He's doing a splendid job. I'm just about to lose it when Toby spoke.

Thank God! At least there's a person here looking out for me before I grab Matthews by the throat and throttle him. He's fairly muscled, but I'm much bigger and stronger. Thanks to rugby football and boxing. For pastime, I like to row and sail when I get a chance. The man wouldn't stand a chance with me.

"Ivanna this is a good friend of ours, Sienna and her friend, Kyle." Toby cleared his throat and continued, "Uh this is Ivanna-Blake's-uh." He was at a loss for words, bugger.

"Lover...girlfriend...whatever fits," Ivanna airlessly offered. "So, you two are a couple? That was super sweet with you singing to her like that Kyle." Her accent much more pronounced with her roll of the words.

"Thanks! Yeah-it was actually a surprise. I sang to her few years back but I've been practicing for quite some time now. I enjoy it a lot. Did you like it, babe?" Addressing his "babe."

"Um, that was very sweet Kyle. You did great." Her murmuring voice made the hairs on the back of my neck stand out.

Kyle's only fault is that he loves Sienna to distraction, as do I. If he wasn't after her like a rabid dog waiting on the sideline when Sienna and I were together, I could've taken a liking to him. He and Toby seemed to get on quite nicely but I can't bring myself to be civilized enough to make pleasantries when I'm incensed with fury towards he and Sienna. I didn't even bother looking up at them. I can't risk it with my current frame of mind.

Instead, I grabbed my drink and annihilated it.

The leader of the band who introduced himself as Will came over to our table and thankfully dragged Kyle back with him to join them for drinks. "You coming with us, foxy?" Will asked Sienna who gave him a stunning smile. Yep, the lapping bloke doesn't stand a chance when she smiles like that.

"No thanks, I'm staying with my friends for awhile. I'll catch up with you guys later." He pouted and placed a hand on his heart. "How you keep breaking my heart! Got to dash-but do call me when you're ready for that date I asked you about! I won't disappoint. I swear it." She laughed throatily as he headed back to Kyle and his friends.

"Are you going on a date with him?" Ivanna inquired. Sienna's smile died as shook her head. "No, it's not like that with Will. He's just horsing around."

"Because you're in love with that Kyle over there?" Ivanna's choice of words made her sound quite foreign. Sienna glanced at Lucy and back to Ivanna. "Kyle and I have been the best of friends since we were kids, of course I love him."

"Sienna...I like that name a lot...don't you think so baby?" She glanced at me with an accusing glare. Ha! She finally figured it out whose name I screamed every time I climaxed.

Ha bloody ha.

I merely shrugged. "Sure, if you think so." Sienna gave me a small smile, "How was your trip to Italy?" Her eyes were rimmed heavily with kohl black liner and it made her eyes stand out...making them absolutely... spellbinding.

I looked at her, dead in the eye. My hate/love/fascinated/violent emotions drilled into her with a glance. She looked perplexed and kept staring at me like she's seeing me for the very first time.

"Fine," I responded curtly without much ado. We aren't friends any longer. No need to chitchat about where to and how to.

"Uh, that's good to hear then." She kept staring at me and bit her lip when I ignored her.

"Don't mind Blake love-he's quite spent from his Energizer Bunny-like lifestyle," Luce drawled. "Tell me-did you know that Kyle could actually sing? You never let on." Blimey, the woman seriously doesn't like me at the moment.

"He used to play for me-it was merely a hobby. What he did tonight was sweet, really," she said with a smile.

"Mind letting us in on what the 'promise' was?" Lucy asked giddily.

I do want to know and I don't. I don't know how I'd survive sitting at this very table with Sienna for quite some time now without breaking down or doing something drastic.

She looked shy and discomfited for a second. "I um...sort of promised to um, consider him again. Trial period and such-but I haven't given him an answer yet." Her words hung in the air as she stared back and forth between Toby and Lucy.

"Are you sure that's wise, Sienna? Do you remember the basis of the very reason you two broke up in the first place?" Toby asked with all sincerity.

"Don't make any hasty decisions. But I get where you're coming from-he is your first love and your best friend. The unbreakable bond between you two is remarkable. Think it through before breaking that barrier again," Luce chimed in.

We all don't want Sienna to be back with Kyle. We all knew and felt this way. But at the end of the day, it is all up to her.

I'm elated that she's not back with him but a bit squashed that she's even thinking of getting back with him.

What happened to the "I'm not going back to a cheater" speech she used to say?

6

Sienna

"I know..." I said, murmuring to myself more than anyone else.

Contrition and bitterness latched like a disease while sitting across Blake and his arm candy. She's all over him like a rash. She's gripping his arms or kissing his neck and he looks like he's enjoying every ounce of devotion she's bestowing upon him.

To make matters worse, she's freaking stunning. I bet she has endless legs hiding behind the table. They look flawless together. When did they meet? Is she a girlfriend? I thought they said that Blake was playing the field, surely having a proper girlfriend is not part of the picture?

Blake doesn't hide much of his feelings towards me. His actions and the way he spoke to me proved that he simply doesn't care. Maybe I need to expose myself more with his treatment of me, so I would be immune to it and it wouldn't bother me as much. When our eyes met for a brief second, my world stopped spinning. Those eyes took me in and swallowed me whole. I know I love him and wished with all my might that it would go away, but the more I fight it-the force becomes infuriatingly stronger.

Luce was ticked off with Ivanna, for reasons I have yet to drill out of her. I glanced over where Kyle was and caught his eye. He waved back and motioned for me to join them and I smiled. I should leave the table and join Kyle, but I didn't want to. I like being close to Blake-even with his arm candy stuck to him.

My phone vibrated in my purse. When I took it out, the caller was unfamiliar. My gut churned. Shit, wasn't this the hospital number? I paled. Chad! This call is about Chad.

God, please God. Don't let anything happen to him. Please....please. He's such a sweet soul, don't take him away.

I prayed as I lifted the phone to my ear.

"Hello?" I rushed out of the booth and hastily exited the bar to speak outside.

"Ms. Richards? This is Dr. Hill, Chad's doctor." I choked up and tears started to fall from my face. "Please don't tell me anything bad...don't do that. Please tell me he's okay," I sniffed in between hiccups. I'm so petrified at the thought of losing Chad that I didn't even realize the people passing by on the sidewalk were staring with avid curiosity.

"Actually, no that's not the reason I called. We're calling because we have some good news. You're friend is awake. He woke up thirty minutes ago."

What?! Thank heavens! I knew he'd come through. I just felt it.

"This is such a great miracle! We're all leaving to go see him now. Tell him we'll see him soon!" A bubble of excitement sprung out of me. I turned around wiping the tears from my eyes when I ran into a hard muscled chest. I swallowed and slowly lifted my eyes all the way to his eyes. He looked worried.

"What's happened? Why are you crying?" Blake gently wiped my tears with his thumbs. His touch made me weep more. I miss you...my heart pounded with suffering.

"It's Chad. He's awake. We have to go see him right away."

After I told Blake that piece of information, he gathered everyone from the booth waved a cab and we all left for the hospital. I saw Blake ask his driver to take Ivanna back to her apartment with his car. I'm hoping they aren't serious with each other. But the way she kissed his cheek and clung to him when they said their goodbyes broke me. I couldn't stand seeing him with anyone.

Not one word passed from our lips during the cab ride. We were happy and petrified at the same time. I rushed out of the cab the second it hit the hospital pavement. I went through the emergency room to get to his room. It was past midnight and after visiting hours.

I turned around when I heard a long whistle from one of the male hospital staff. Oh, boo! I forgot I'm wearing a blasted corset, leather pants and killer boots. Men and their libido...it doesn't even halt in the hospital where there are sick and dying people about.

"You better keep your opinions to yourself if you want to keep your job," Blake's angry voice barked behind me. The male staffer mumbled an apology and left the area.

Damn it, I love it when he's all territorial.

I was about to open Chad's door when Lucy stopped me. "Sienna-wait! Let's do this together." Holding each other's hands, I turned the knob slowly and we entered the quiet room.

"'Bout time you guys got here! I've been waiting for ages! I think I've grown a few white hairs already," Chad whined with a tired voice. I ran to his bed and hugged the life out of him.

"You ghastly man! You gave us all a fright!" I said, clearly relieved and happy.

Wiping my tears away with the back of my hands, Luce jumped on the bed and gave Chad kisses all over his face. "Don't you dare-ever do that again! You caused me so many wrinkles my love!" She laughed at her absurdity.

Blake and Toby sat silently on the foot on the bed. Though we are all relieved, worry was still etched in both of their faces. "I'm glad to have you back mate. We've all been vigilant and you don't understand how happy we are that you've recovered." Toby smiled at Chad.

Chad started to tear and I felt gutted feeling his own misery. "I'm sorry...I couldn't take it anymore. I felt trapped and I was...drowning rapidly, I barely had the chance to take a breath. I'm grateful that I have friends that love and support me." He took a deep breath and his lips wobbled before he spoke again. "It all started when I got a call from my parents a month ago. They heard a rumor that I was g*y. I never told them because they're very religious people as I told all of you-but they are on the extreme side. I didn't even bother denying the accusation because it was the truth. And I thought...why not? There will never be the 'right time' to come out of the closet. It was now or never. They both called me names and said I was a disgrace and wished they gave me away to be adopted had they known they were raising a g*y son. I was so consumed with sorrow and grief that I decided to party with a few friends that used coke. I took a few hits to make myself feel better. For the time being I was numb from feeling and I loved it." He sniffed and I touched his arm.

"Sweetie-you don't have to say anything right now. Maybe you should rest."

He shook his head, "Thanks...but no. I have to get this out. I have to let it out." I nodded and waited for him to continue.

"After that first try-I did more for the next few days. They introduced me to gambling and my coke consumption accelerated daily. My body started to weaken from lack of sleep and nutrition, but I didn't care anymore. The night before we met at the pub to catch up, my parents called again. It was a short call...just basically telling me that I was disowned and that they'll ship all of my things here or they would donate it. My mom-we used to be so close and I felt betrayed that my own mother can't even be there for me. The mother I knew became cold and distant-she didn't sound like my mom. She told me she hated me and never wished to see me again. That call ended me-it ended everything that I believed in. So, I went out with the same crowd-feeling like piece of shit and feeling worthless. I decided that night to consume a great amount of coke and alcohol until I passed out and never surfaced again."

Lucy hugged him. "Chad-you should've told us. I didn't have a clue nor did Sienna. We felt so helpless. I'm sorry..."

We all sobbed quietly together, even Toby looked teary and Blake mainly looked grieved. Our little reunion was interrupted when Dr. Hill entered the room. "I see you've been catching up with your mates," he smiled at all of us. "We have to run a few more tests and I need Chad to be well rested. You're all more than welcome to come back tomorrow."

We were all hesitant to leave him in the hospital alone-but we had to follow the doctor's orders. We all took turns saying goodbye. When it was my turn, I held him tightly and kissed his forehead. Looking at Chad's dark sorrow-filled eyes, "Life has its way of testing our limits and this won't be the last time it will try to take you down. But know that-when you're beaten and drowning, we're all here to help and pull you out of the dark. That's what we're here for. We love you." As I kissed his forehead, Chad smiled brightly at me.

"Thanks baby love."

I gave him a little wave before leaving the room and promised him that we'll all be back tomorrow morning.

Hopping in the cab, we were all silent again. I smirked thinking that we tend to be quiet lately when we're all in a car. Someone's stomach growled, breaking the eerie silence. Lucy laughed like she was being tickled. We all joined in-her laughter was contagious. I caught a glimpse of Blake laughing and I felt my heart convulse with agony. He looked like the Blake...the old Blake, happy and amorous. I think we all felt relieved that our friend was out of the woods. I can't pray enough to say my thanks.

"Sorry fellas-but I'm peckish," Toby declared.

"What do you fancy? We could grab something on the way." Luce kissed his cheek and rested her head on his shoulder.

"Spaghetti."

She smiled, "Then spaghetti it is." Kissing her forehead, he whispered "I love you" and she happily sighed and returned the sentiment.

I looked away and faced the window trying to distract myself. Hordes of people walking about drunk and boisterous clearly enjoying their night-and yet I was blindly seeing nothing. How I wish my mom and dad were alive. They would guide me and give me good advice-then maybe I wouldn't be such a broken person and I didn't have to go through the living nightmare in hell with the Browns. If I grew up with my parents, I'd be a different person. But alas, luck wasn't on my side. I am what I am-no point in wishing and dwelling otherwise. I want what Toby and Luce have. But for me to be able to achieve that, I have to break down all the barriers I have erected around me. That's a tough predicament to embark upon. And I'm not ready to be barefaced and open.

The cab stopped outside our flat building and Toby paid the driver. We all departed the cab and went inside. Once inside the confines of the apartment, Luce made her way to the kitchen to cook pasta. The smell of warm vanilla and honey permeated the air. I felt calm and relaxed for the very first time in the last few weeks.

I was about to place my purse down on the counter when I heard my phone vibrate. Fishing it out of my purse, I scanned the screen. I had thirty-two missed calls from Kyle. Ten voicemails and a dozen text messages, guilt ate at me. I had seriously forgotten about him. I didn't even say goodbye because we were a riot the moment we heard Chad woke up.

My, I'm so terrible. Why doesn't he give up on me? Because he loves you and vowed to marry you since he was ten years old, that's why.

I went into the living room, sat on the couch and dialed Kyle. Our flat had an open space floor plan and I could hear Luce chopping her heart away in the kitchen while Toby and Blake sat around the counter drinking wine as they chatted about.

"Hey...sorry I didn't say goodbye before leaving, but the hospital called and informed me that Chad woke up. We all rushed to get there without much thought." Hearing his depressing sigh, I waited for him to say something.

"You could have at least texted me on the way-but you didn't even bother." He sounded so sad. And it's all because of me. Why didn't I just shoot him a text message? Why didn't I think of it? I berated myself. Because you simply forgot about him...period.

"I'm sorry. I didn't know you'd worry like this."

"Just try to remember that the next time you do."

We chatted for another ten minutes and he asked about Chad. It didn't feel right to tell him about what Chad revealed to us tonight. So, I left that part out. It wasn't my story to tell, it was Chad's. He made me promise to call him tomorrow and we said our goodnights.

I made my way into the kitchen and the smell of brewing tomato sauce and basil made my stomach growl.

Smiling, I sat on the stool in between Blake and Toby. Blake poured me a glass of red wine and carefully placed it before me. He was still distant but he was reaching out. Butterflies fluttered in my stomach as I murmured "Thank you."

"Can someone please set the table?" Lucy asked while she tasted her pasta sauce. Both of the men offered and set out to their duty.

"What can I do to help? Do you guys want garlic bread?" They all said yes in unison. My mood was cheerful and I dashed to get my phone and placed it on the player for some music. I chose the light jazzy beats of Emilie-Claire Barlow and started with Les Yeux Ouverts her own French rendition of the famed song Dream A Little Dream Of Me.

In the kitchen, I scoured for a French loaf and cut them up. Taking out a baking tray, I placed all the slices of bread accordingly. I slathered it with butter with a dash of garlic and onion powder and finished it with a hint of dried parsley. I placed the tray in the oven and timed it for eight minutes.

Dinner was served and we devoured the entire dish. We finished the pasta to the last drop of sauce and to the very last crumb of garlic bread. We drank three bottles of red wine together and we were soon feeling the effects of food coma.

Toby stretched lazily, yawned loudly and tapped his flat stomach. "That was marvelous! You've delightfully sated my appetite Luce. Now it's time to quench my other ravenous cravings."

She laughed and threw a napkin at him. "Toby! Have you no shame?" Her cheeks turned a bright shade of pink.

"Oh, what rubbish-we all like sex here. What do you say mate? Mind telling us how those two mind-blowing orgasms came about in the mile high club?"

I bit my lip not knowing if I should laugh or cringe. Toby's tongue was loosened by the wine and he was grilling Blake about his f**king sex life with Ivanna. Toby mentioned the "mile high club" meaning Blake was f**king the lights out of her on his way to Italy. That can only mean one thing....if he brought Ivanna with him to meet his family...then they might be really serious about each other.

"I don't want to discuss my sex life Toby," his jaw muscles locked, the question clearly bothered him.

"Toby that's enough, love. You're clearly knackered and in dire need of sleep. Go get ready for bed while I clean and wash up." Luce pulled him out of the chair and directed him to her bedroom.

"You two go-I'll wash up. You cooked already-it's my turn to clean," I offered. Grateful, Luce gave me a quick hug and did the same with Blake and bid us both goodnight.

The flat seemed a bit quiet without those two in the room. Even with the soft music playing, the tension was palpable.

I got up and gathered all the plates and dishes and deposited them in the sink. I rinsed and placed them the dishwasher. Blake quietly handed me all used wine glasses to wash while he took care of wiping the table and the counter. He returned the coasters, table placemats and bottle openers amongst other things on the table and placed them back accordingly to where they're supposed to be. He knew this apartment like it was his own.

Wiping my wet hands with the dish towel, I went over to where my phone was sitting on the holder and took it out of the music player. Blake was leaning against the counter with his arms folded on his chest and his right foot over the other one. His eyes zeroed in on me, liquid midnight blue/silver eyes beautifully flecked with scattered gold. The silver and blue overpower each other sometimes-depending on his mood. I had slightly forgotten the kind of power his magnetic gaze over me-now I'm fully reacquainted by their compelling magnetism and the sexual aura the owner has.

"Thanks for helping me clean up-you didn't have to but I appreciated it all the same." He merely shrugged never taking those liquid silver eyes off me.

Pressing my lips together, I studied his big manly-shaped hands with intense scrutiny and the thought dawned on me that those same hands caressed another woman today.

Don't. Don't go there. Don't torture yourself.

"I'm going to bed now-do you want me to call you a cab or are you going to call your driver to pick you up?"

"I gave Robert the rest of the night off. I didn't see the need of him waiting whenever I emerged from the hospital. He has a family to go home to." A considerate man that'll be running a billion dollar company-I bet the people who worked for him loved that about him. He was a fair man and quite receptive to other's needs.

"You want me to call you a cab to take you back to your apartment in Mayfair or you'd rather be somewhere else?" I couldn't bring myself to say "or you'd rather go to Ivanna's place" because I'm a ninny and I'm not sure I'd love to relinquish on the idea, yet again, about their mile high orgasms.

"I don't go home to Mayfair. I could go to my office or get a room at the Savoy but I can't be bothered. I'm exceptionally and genuinely knackered. Do you mind if I crash on the couch?" asking whilst raking a hand through those wavy locks of his.

What happened to his flat in Mayfair?

"Are you sure? You're quite tall...you won't fit in there."

Fuck, why wouldn't he just go home and leave me in peace?

"I'm sure. All I need is pillow and a blanket then I'm quite set to snooze." He did look tired but still dangerously...breathtakingly handsome...and sexy...and I'm sexually frustrated.

"Why don't you just share the bed with me? The size would allow us enough room and still sleep comfortably." Stupid, stupid woman! Go ahead and set yourself up with more torture.

Sweet torture, perhaps?

"You don't mind?" he asked, bewildered. I shook my head feeling nervous all of a sudden.

Fuck! Blake in my bed...again! Shit. Don't get too excited or have you forgotten about Ivanna? There it was. The thought cleared away all of the fog hanging over my semi-functional brain.

No sexy time for me. I should rejoice really...not a good choice to hook up with an ex...that I'm not over with.

Turning off the lights in the kitchen, I strolled to my bedroom. I was fully aware of Blake's presence following closely behind me. Once in the room, I took my nightwear from the drawer and excused myself to the bathroom to shower. I hung my pistachio-colored silk sleep shorts with a matching silk camisole on the silver rack. I was about to take my clothes off and cursed myself for being an idiot. How the hell am I going to take this damned corset off? I can't reach it.

Reaching the doorknob, I waltzed back to my bedroom with Blake lying on my bed fully clothed without his shoes and his eyes shut. Crap, do I wake him up? He looked so peaceful.

I moved a little closer to the bed wanting to drown in his dark beauty. Dark, long lashes sat fanned above his cheekbones. The memory of those lips and what it did to me made me flush with need. I wetted my dry lips and swallowed. Maybe it's been too long since the last time?

Hell, yeah it's been long! And what....plan to have Blake execute that burning dilemma? No! Yes...maybe? Ivanna... think of that name and you'll snap right back.

"Appeased your appetite yet?" he asked with his eyes closed. His soft voice made me jump.

"No-it wasn't like that," he opened his eyes and lifted his perfect brow.

"I need help with my corset," mumbling like an idiot while his eyes darkened. I sat next to him with my back turned and gathered my long hair to my right shoulder while I waited for him. I heard him sit up but still he didn't make a move to unlatch the complicated closures. After another minute of waiting, I took my boots off, one after the other.

I huffed with utter annoyance, "have you fallen asleep?"

"No" he whispered, quite closely to my ear. Shit.

I closed my eyes when I felt goose bumps all over my body. Jesus, this is going to be a long night.

"Who managed to help you put in on, Sienna?" Tricky question, but I knew what he was getting at. Why does he care? He's been f**king his way all over Europe. Trojan horse sounds fitting.

"Kyle was here to help me. Can we please get on with it? I want to take my make-up off and shower. I don't have all night," I snapped at him.

I heard him sigh heavily before he swiftly unhooked all closures in a minute. Damn him and his women. He can have all the Ivanna's in the world. I'm not going to let him erode my thoughts with his play of sexual chicanery.

But I'm more than happy to oblige his and let it run amuck.

7

Blake

The second I unhooked the last latch, Sienna stood up and strode to the other side of the room. I watched fully fascinated as she took off her corset and placed it next to the hamper letting her perky glorious br**sts pique my attention. My mouth hung ajar when I saw her wiggle her hips out of the fitted leather pants and dumped them inside the hamper. Her engine red lacy thong followed suit.

My throat ran dry. My pulsed quickened and my c**k immediately hardened.

After her rousing little striptease, she trotted back to the bathroom.

Bloody f**k, I'm infinitely bewitched!

Letting my head fall back, I shut my eyes and groaned with heavy yearning frustration. My c**k throbbed as I replayed the scene in my head. I cursed again. I wanted her so badly-I'm helpless. But I knew she wouldn't touch me knowing what I've been up to lately. Well, especially after knowing that bit of information with Ivanna tonight.

This is without a doubt-the most pure unmitigated torture in its finest, truest blasted, cruel form.

When she came out of the shower wearing that puny silk outfit, I lifted myself off the bed and charged straight to the bathroom. I needed a long-icy cold shower. I turned it to the cold knob and placed it on the coldest temperature possible. My blood's boiling with rabid fervor thinking of Sienna's naked body. I could possibly try and relieve myself in the shower but I knew it wouldn't make a difference knowing I'd be sleeping right next to her.

I dried myself off and slipped on my black boxer briefs, I neatly placed my clothes next to her robe and strode out of the bathroom. The room was dark and I could barely make her out of the bed. Her back faced me and I quietly slipped right next to her rigid form. She was wide awake but she pretended to sleep.

Turning on my side, I faced Sienna's back. I shut my eyes and controlled my breathing. I basked in Sienna's floral scented hair. Calm contentment washed over me. I could do this all night-smelling her without a hint of touch and not sleep a wink, I blissfully thought.

She shifted again, hugging her pillow tightly. After five minutes she shifted again and huffed, adjusting her pillow.

"Sienna?"

"Yes?" she whispered.

"You can sleep on my chest if you want... it used to make you sleep better."

She didn't respond and let the words hung in the air. I was about to turn on my back when I heard her whisper. "Can you hold me?"

My entire body stilled rigidly. I'm nothing but a hot-blooded man, how in God's name will I ever control the stirrings of my body when I hold her close?

When she sighed, I pushed the lust-filled thoughts at bay and pulled her close, against my chest. She curved her body against mine and I caught myself before I moaned loudly. Her toned pert bottom cushioned against my ever growing erection.

Was she goading me? I'm a step away from losing it and tossing caution out of the window.

My mind ran provoking thoughts of ravaging her delectable body and burying myself in that tight, wet juicy cunt of hers. My sanity and control are being tested to the hilt-and I'm.... slipping. I'm only a hairsbreadth away from failing and surrendering to my yearning desires.

She wiggled again and I hissed furiously on her ear. "Sienna!"

"Are you....hard?" she questioned innocently. I groaned in frustrated protest.

"Why is your c**k hard and poking my butt, Blake?" the wrench feigned innocence.

"Because you openly taunt me-driving me insane after that little display of you stripping naked-knowing damn bloody well I have a hard time resisting you."

"You're doing great-you're resisting now." Tease, what a bloody tease. I growled and reached inside her silk camisole and stroked her soft navel in rhythmic circles.

Dear Almighty, she felt marvelous.

My lips clenched against her ear as I softly whispered, "Do you want to test my limit, Sienna? Try me and see where it will take you." Her breathing hitched, her chest rose rapidly from her shortened breathing.

If she wanted to play...well, I aim to please.

I stroked upwards and leisurely traced the outline of her boob; she moaned and ground her plump ass on my rigid cock.

FUCK.

ME.

The friction of her grinding made me a squirt-a drop of juice seeped out of my throbbing dick. I kissed her neck and fiercely bit into her hot flesh and at the same time I pinched her nipple. She gasped and moaned my named. I loved how she moans my name. It's the best sexy f**king sound in the world, I thought with hungered desire.

She turned over and captured my mouth.

The moment our lips touched-all hell broke loose. I forgot anything and everything that I am. I was lost and the only thing that mattered was the woman I love kissing me hungrily, passionately.

I never kissed another woman after you... only you. Only you have the power to unman me and drive me senseless with such abandon, a wild need to possess you, my thoughts streamed.

She hooked her leg over my hips and shamelessly grinded her soaked silk shorts against my shaft. She halted and lifted her cami off her upper body and went back to scavenge for more kisses. The feel of her br**sts erotically pressed against my hard chest made me rampant with lust. I greedily thirsted for more...and I'm thirsty...very f**king thirsty...to drink up and suck all that succulent juice of ambrosia from her well of dripping cunt until she begs me to stop.

"I want to feel....touch you Blake-"

"I won't oblige you with sex Sienna-I'm not going to do that to you."

She looked lost for a second. Her beautiful face contorted.

"I had sex with Ivanna earlier. I don't plan on tainting you that way. You're worth more than that." My wretched voice matched what I felt, dastardly.

Sienna looked pained as she nodded. She then whispered, "Okay, definitely no sex. But-could you slip your boxers off and kiss me again?"

Hell.

Damn it to hell and back!

I slipped off my underwear and threw it on the floor; I went back to the awaiting beautiful siren who had her swollen lips slightly parted as she hungrily stared at my manhood. As much as I loved for her to get on her knees and suck me dry, I couldn't do it-not to her. Memories of Ivanna doing the same act slightly snapped my senses back into reality. I really had to harness my raging libido to not have her suck me off, or f**k her.

I badly wanted to position myself above her while we made out-but it was too utterly close and too dangerous. So, I settled back on my old post and kissed her senseless. Cupping her cheek, I obliterated her lips. She hooked her blasted leg again and my c**k sat underneath her hot cunt but thankfully she refrained from grinding. We kissed and I blatantly moaned when she ran her nails over my sensitive nipple. Still kissing, she took her leg off my hips and lifted her ass and slipped off her skimpy shorts.

I groaned in agony. No, Sienna will definitely not make this easy now, will she?

She jumped back into my arms and I grabbed her face-trapped her with my lips. I couldn't get enough kissing her. This was the very reason why I couldn't kiss someone else. Kissing is intimately closer to your soul than the mere act of f**king a nameless hot stranger. Sex can be mechanical. But kissing-you're baring them to your dark, deepest secrets and giving it away freely-no holds barred. The only woman I only wanted to kiss was Sienna. No one else mattered or came close after her.

My thoughts vanished when she hooked that damning leg on my hip again and placed my throbbing c**k under the hotness of her dripping, sweet wet juices. Holy Mother!

Damn that leg, it will most definitely kill me! "Sienna-"

"Shhh-no sex, I know...." She traced the outline of my bottom lip and bit into it.

I hissed in frustration, everything was going rather erratic and I seemed to have lost any brain activity. "You like that don't you bad boy?" Sienna's sexy voice rasped at me.

My c**k twitched in response.

"Can I taste you Blake? I want you to unload in my mouth," she asked, biting her bruised bottom lip.

The image she made me conjure in my head almost made me combust. "No-that's not part of the deal either." Was that hollow voice from me?

"Why? Have you been reckless with protection?" her breathing was ragged as she waited for my answer.

"Never-you were the only woman I didn't use a condom with. But that's beside the point, Sienna. We shouldn't-you shouldn't keep pressing the issue!"

"Fine, just kiss me then like your life depended on it." I chuckled and obliged to the lady's request. My hand travelled to her breast and I fondled it with a ferocity that matched my fevered kisses. She panted wildly and rocked her hips. Her wet pu**y slid back and forth on my length and it felt bloody f**king glorious-I wanted to drown in her hot molten heat. But I couldn't-I must control myself.

My heart pounded wildly as her rocking became intense. She was getting deliriously frenzied and I took my c**k away from her dangerous cunt. Instead, I compromised with inserting my middle finger inside her pu**y. I wanted to insert two fingers but I didn't know if she was that aroused to take on that much capacity. I knew I made the right choice when I felt her pu**y envelope my finger, oh so tightly. I was dying with jealousy-wanting my c**k buried in her wet tightness instead of my finger. My middle finger rubbed inside her as I gently rolled her on her back.

"-mmmm-Blake-ahh-yes! Just like that...fuck me with your fingers.... just like that..." she panted, arching her back. The picture of her in this state of arousal was a sight to behold.

"You look so beautiful, Sienna." My raspy voice was thick with need.

With her back arched, I bent over and captured her engorged nipple and bit it. She gasped and rocked her hips harder against my finger. Her hunger for me made me want to lose control. I took my finger out of her pu**y and traced her juices on her lips. Her lips parted and I stuck my finger inside her mouth. Sienna seductively sucked it with gusto. Her long hair looked all disheveled and alluringly sexy. I growled watching her sweet mouth engulf my entire finger and suction it without mercy. The tip of her tongue tickled softly as she sucked.

I hovered over her body and threw a trail of kisses, from her neck down to her navel. My hands spread her legs extensively and positioned my head in between her thighs. I inhaled her aroma, smelling the beautiful fragrance of her sex. I salivated with anticipation. I traced her parted lips with the soft tip of my tongue. Sienna whimpered.

My heart pounded. I've craved her body for so long. I've gone for weeks on end without having a taste of her. But now that she's here, I will not deprive myself. I will relish every inch of her.

Taking my time exploring her sweet honeyed pu**y, she became wantonly livid. I indulged her deprived state. Piercing my tongue in and out of her hole and traced it back up to her aching nub. I furiously flicked it with my tongue and inserted a finger inside her-but this time I didn't plan to stop until she came apart in my mouth. I want her abandoned and unrestrained with blatant unadulterated lust as she begged and moaned my name. I've hungered for her sweet nectar every f**king day. I plan to take pleasure in demolishing and ravaging her with my voracious appetite-until she's undermined and spent from my ministrations.

After giving her back to back orgasms, her body started shaking. Sienna's depleted shaken body sheened with perspiration.

"Kiss me," she begged.

My beautiful wanton woman, I thought as I crawled towards her naked spent form against the sheets and greedily sought her lips.

My body pushed against her while she planted her ankles on the back of my hips. I shifted a little on the side so my c**k didn't accidentally penetrate her. She sucked my tongue until she took all of her essence out of my mouth. I hissed against her lips when she directly placed her pu**y entrance against the tip of my shaft. She rocked her hips back and forth, stroking and rubbing it wonderfully. "Sienna no-don't! That's too dangerous." I grumbled with evident anguish.

"Blake-I want you. I don't care-I just want you inside me. I need you inside me!" She begged in desperation.

This is wrong. Why doesn't she see it? I closed my eyes miserably and placed my heated forehead against hers, panting. Our hearts slammed quite violently against our chests.

"No...not like this...never like this. I'm doing this for you. So please, I beseech you-don't tempt me. I'm nothing but a man. I can only withstand so much resistance before I yield into submission."

She cradled my cheek with her palm and gave me a chaste kiss. "Shhh that's enough talking, I understand," she whispered, acquiescing to my demands.

Sienna kissed my cheek and left butterfly kisses on my neck. I gasped when she bit into my flesh and sucked on it. Her soft tongue snaked to the back of my earlobe, she licked and nipped. When her lips captured my lobe, I muttered a prayer. Sienna....

She started to move her hips again, making our sexes rub with exquisite friction. I unconsciously followed suit making her moan huskily. Her lips captured mine as she ran her hands across my back and dug her nails deep in my skin and scratched her nails across my butt cheeks, it was raw and it painfully stung. I threw my head back and sniveled. My body shivered in response to her roughness. Sienna's lips sought mine again, she ran her nails over me for the second time starting from the back of my neck, but this time-with grating force as her nails raked over my raw skin. I howled from the pleasurable pain. Her hands reached my ass cheeks, and gently massage them with soft strokes. She grabbed them with her nails, biting through my skin and forcefully pushed my ass forward. My c**k speared inside her-her tight cunt cloaked and wrapped my ready-to-explode cock.

I tensed and desperately fought for coherency. I tried to get off her but her legs were unmovable and unyielding.

"Don't stop-I want all of you. Don't-I won't forgive you if you do," she threatened.

Her vaginal muscles contracted and I knew I was losing the battle. I moved slowly and hesitantly as I took myself deeper in her core. Dio mio, she feels incredible.

I examined her abandoned state, shamelessly loving the feel of my c**k filling her. "Have you been with anyone else-I know I don't have the right to ask-but I'm dying to know."

She bit her lip and shook her pretty head, "No-not yet."

A tidal wave of jealousy and possessiveness roared through me. "Not yet? You plan to give yourself to someone else?" My c**k throbbed temptingly in her pu**y but my mind raced with thoughts of her f**king another man. I don't have the right to feel this way because I haven't been exactly running for martyrdom-but I couldn't help it. She gave herself to me-not Kyle or any other man-that meant something.

"I don't know-I mean-it will eventually happen."

"You don't have the f**king right to speak about taking another man while I'm buried deep about nine inches deep within your beautiful cunt! You gave yourself to me-and I'm taking what I'm entitled." I nudged my c**k forward.

She looked angry. "Fuck you, Blake! You're the one who's been f**king every goddamn woman who's willingly opened her legs for you. Why can't I do the same, huh? Double standard much? You don't have a say in regards to my sex life. I AM NOT YOURS!" When she's angered, she looked breathtakingly beautiful.

Incensed with rage from her ranting outburst, I buried my c**k all the way to the tip of her-grazing the outer part of her cervix, she flinched. I remembered her pu**y would tighten tremendously a week without f**king and it's been over two months now-she felt like a bloody virgin-a very drenched virgin. I withdrew from her and went on my knees and slammed my c**k back inside. "Fuck me, Sienna? I'll show you FUCKING!" My angered voice thundered, reverberated throughout the room.

Lifting her hips in acute critical angle, I hammered her tight little pu**y. I was eaten alive with vehement jealousy but I couldn't stop f**king her. I wanted to punish her-my c**k will make sure she understood how angry she made me. But my gorgeous wench wanted it just as much.

It's was nonsensical.

We were nonsensical.

I was about to orgasm, but stopped it from happening. I pulled out and harshly flipped her on her stomach. She barely managed to get on her knees and elbows before I pounded her again. Holding her hips firmly, I felt uninhibited and unleashed as I f**ked the breath out of her. "You want another cock, Sienna? You want another man to f**k this sweet little cunt of yours? Answer me, damn you!" I snarled. My demons were hounding my livid thoughts and I was enslaved to it.

Moaning and panting, she barely got a word out. My c**k was demanding every inch of her and I didn't want it any less.

"ANSWER ME!" I bellowed in her ear.

"I don't-want another-cock-" she stuttered.

"You just want mine, Sienna?" She moaned when I pummeled deeper.

"Only yours Blake," she whimpered, compliant.

Contented with her response, I wanted us to orgasm together. "I own this cunt, Sienna! You should ingrain that into your pretty head." I pounded her hard, my balls brashly slapped against her pu**y lips. The friction made her drenched. Her cunt was dripping, overflowing with juices-I felt it trickle down my balls. "Whether you like it or not-this body belongs to me! It knows its owner, its master....do you hear that? That's your cunt my love-welling uncontrollably with need-for me and my cock." I felt her tighten and her body started to come apart. I pounded a few more times before finally releasing us into blissful satisfaction.

"Mine. Only mine," I hissed through gritted teeth as I unloaded my seed inside her. Her body convulsed marvelously around me.

She sagged on the bed and I followed suit and shifted us on the side with my c**k still buried within her.

I didn't want to pull out.

I want to feel her all night-to be connected to her somehow. I kissed the back of her neck as she sighed contently.

Sleep came upon us.

"Thank you, Sienna-I will never forget tonight."

I kissed the back of her ear and held her securely on the waist. Her soft breathing lulled me to sleep.

8

Sienna

My body shifted from my uncomfortable sleeping position, I wanted to roll over to my other side but a strong hand hindered me from moving.

Blake.

My eyes opened quickly in recognition. Blake...is here...next to me...he's tucked nicely on my neck sleeping peacefully...and his semi-hard dick still jammed in me.

Gosh, last night was crazy! It was amazing, carnal...raw.

It was still dark but the sun was going to rise soon. It's probably about six in the morning or so. I altered my position a little but his steel arm hauled me back to him. I felt his c**k slowly grow inside me. His breathing accelerated, and his heart thumped fiercely on my back.

Shit, he's awake. What do I do? Does he even know I'm wide awake? Crap. Do I turn around and say hi?

He started to move his hips, burying himself deeper. He moaned against my ear. A flood of liquid sprouted from my core. He snaked his hand around my stomach to get in between my thighs. His breathing hitched as he parted my pu**y lips and rubbed my clit with two strong fingers. I whimpered as I arched my back, angling my bottom so he can have better access. "Are you awake, poppet?" Blake's husky voice made my shiver.

Sexiest f**king voice ever!

He toyed with my breast while his c**k stroked me passionately. "You know I am...you slept with your dick inside me," I stated in a matter of fact tone.

"Much easier for us in the morning, don't you say? I love the feel of you stretching to accommodate me. I feel honored to share this with you." My God, when he says things like that-I become undone.

I'm so turned on I'm going postal.

I'm fantastically sore from last night-but feeling him harden inside me-and the fact that I love how he f**ks me-I couldn't deny myself.

This will be the last time...I made myself promise.

He pulled out and rolled me on my back, parting my shaky legs, he positioned himself over me. His heated gaze seared me-dynamic eyes paralyzed my mind and body.

"You're beautiful Blake," my mind is racing and my throat felt like a rock is stuck in it. I'm so in love with you...I don't know how to stop...but I must.

"Sienna...when you look at me like that-I feel....complete."

No, let's not go there.

It's too much...too soon.

I reached for his c**k and guided him inside me. I recoiled from the burning pain his shaft caused from parting and stretching my pu**y. But when he filled me-the pleasure of having him inside overran the seething pain. "Are you sore, poppet?"

"A bit." He instantly tensed. "I can stop. I don't to want hurt you-last night I was too rough with your body-I was out of control. I'm sorry." My palm touched his cheek. I gazed at him, my heart swelled at the sight of the man I love.

"I was with you all the way, Blake. I wanted you to be out of control. I was so turned on I didn't care."

He smiled charmingly, his eyes twinkled mischievously. "When you say things like that-I go ballistic. I can't enough of you and your beautiful body, Sienna." He folded my legs, pushed and pressed them against my br**sts, pinned them with his hands. "I need you. Stop me if I become too rough-I get so carried away....I forget if you are being pleasured."

My hunger was growing adamantly and I wanted him out of control-I loved seeing him out of control. "Pound my little raw pu**y, Blake. Don't be scared-I love the pain and pleasure you give me. Don't hold back! Give me your all."

A guttural sound came from him, "Jesus f**king Christ woman, have mercy on me."

We mated like animals and I devoured every single touch he gave me. I was hopelessly addicted to Blake, it's unhealthy. If he wasn't so exceptional in bed, he would've been easy to forget. Okay, maybe not, total bull-but suffice to say the man in question is The Trojan horse.

And boy-never did he hold back. He was like a wild beast-utterly beautiful and so out of control!

We came together screaming. My orgasm was so powerful and violent I passed out.

There was some clanking and other annoying noises coming out of the other room. The smell of breakfast wafted through my door. My stomach growled. I reached for Blake but he wasn't next to me. He's probably outside talking to Toby.

I slid off the bed and paused after a few steps. Goodness, I'm sore. I slowly made my way to the toilet and viciously hissed when I peed. Shit, I did ask for it. I did ask for him to go crazy...damn worth it though.

I ran a hot bath and soaked in it for awhile. I sighed happily when I felt my soreness and pain subside. Oh, the magic of hot water. I washed my hair and scrubbed my sticky skin. I came out of the bath after I felt better. I lathered my body with rose scented cream. I was relieved when I didn't flinch whilst walking. There was still a little stinging going on but nothing acute. It was just a reminder that I had wild delicious sex, no biggie.

I wore white leggings and a white fitted spaghetti top. I ran my hands through my damp hair and hunted down food and coffee.

"Well someone looks radiant after little sleep," Lucy smiled cheekily.

Oh, fudge cakes. They must've heard us. Crap-crappity-crap.

"Good morning Lucy, Toby...Blake." I felt like I was floating on cloud nine, the wonders of multiple orgasms, surely.

"How many orgasms did Blake reward you hmmm?" Toby sputtered his coffee. Blake chuckled pulling me close to him. "We were that loud, I take it?"

"Yup!" she said it with a popping sound.

That's the thing when I'm with Blake, I lose track and simply lose my head along the process. "Uh, I apologize."

She gave me a flashing smile. "Don't be silly love! The only way to drown out your heavy loud moaning and groaning was to have Toby do the same to me. You two sounded quite....animalistic," she winked and went back to frying eggs and bacon.

Toby started coughing. "Blimey, Lucille!-I don't want to discuss our sex life with our friends during breakfast-save those juicy bits for dinnertime."

An unladylike snort came from me, "You guys-I need coffee before I join this madness."

"Sure you do-Blake did a splendid job, eh?"

"You two better not bombard me like this now that Toby will be sleeping over when he's in London."

She smiled sweetly, "Of course not."

They both started talking about her sister who happened to call earlier, so that left me with Blake.

"Are you still sore, poppet?" Those dynamic eyes eyed me like laser beams.

I grinned, "I did, but not anymore. I ran a hot bath."

He pulled me to his lap and kissed my forehead. His fingers caressed my cheek as he handed me his cup of coffee and we shared it.

We never shared coffee, ever. This is weird...but nice?

"Food's ready. Let's transfer everything on the table lads." Both men swiftly did their tasks. Blake made me another cup of coffee after I finished his and placed it next to my plate with a glass of orange juice. I graciously thanked him and he sat next to me. Heck, what is going on?

What happens now? I weighed my confusing thoughts. Well, what do you want to happen? Uh nothing...it was just sex, wasn't it?

There was a knock on the door. Toby left the table and went to go answer the door and meet the intruder.

"Sienna-Kyle's here." Toby called out.

"You've got to be shitting me, do you want me to shoo him out?" Luce asked eyeing me and Blake. Luce was obviously panicked.

"You invited him over, after last night?" Blake's dark biting voice made me tense. Oh, boy. He's back to being angry again.

"I didn't-but we've been spending breakfast together most mornings-I guess he thought-" I trailed off when Kyle came to view with a puzzled looking Toby.

"I brought you your coffee," he gestured with the Starbucks in his hand.

"Thank you-" getting up from my seat and went to go get it.

"Join us for breakfast Kyle. We have enough to go around." Luce offered politely.

Kyle sat on the corner side of me. "I didn't know everyone was here or I would've called. It's usually just me and Si. I didn't want to interrupt."

"You weren't...we're all going to head out to see Chad anyhow." I reassured him.

We all started eating but the tension was thick. "Are we still leaving as scheduled to Marbella or wait until we hear more of Chad's condition?" Toby asked in between bites of bacon.

"We'll wait until tomorrow. Chad needs us here for awhile and I promised Camilla that I'll take her out for lunch."

Lucy dropped her fork, "The Camilla Clayworth? Your Camilla Clayworth?"

"The very one," he confirmed smoothly.

This is so messed up. But I had no right to be angry when I invited Kyle to join us to eat knowing quite fully that Blake would be infuriated. I couldn't possibly boot Kyle out the door. The man's been so good to me, I can't do that. I'm not heartless.

Breathe, just breathe. You can confront him later.

Toby and Blake's phones kept ringing and they were engrossed with whatever business it was they were handling. Luce was thinking deeply. I knew what she was thinking about. She was probably asking the same questions as I was. If I was having monkey sex with Blake last night, why am I with Kyle and why is Blake planning a date with his ex-fiance?

I stared at the coffee mug and the glass of orange juice he planted in front of me before Kyle interrupted. He was actually being sweet all morning. I suppose that was one last shebang before breaking bread with his "very one" Lady Clayworth.

After breakfast, Kyle decided to leave. I guessed he felt he was intruding or something. "I'll be back...I just walk him out," I called out to Lucy and she nodded sadly.

Once out the door, I took a lungful of air. "That bad huh?" Kyle looked amused.

"Just weird is all." He pulled me close to him and kissed my hair as we walked towards the elevator. He held me close as we rode all the way down to the main lobby. He turned me around and faced me squarely.

"Hey-I was thinking, can take you on a real date soon? Just you and me."

"It's always you and me, Kyle-what's with the date?" He smiled boyishly as his eyes danced.

"As I said just you and me, no other people around, no work commitments, no one bother us. Save me a weekend? It's a surprise."

"Surprise huh..." I lightly punched him in the arm. "What is wrong with you? You totally know me well enough that I hate surprises Matthews!"

"I know baby, but this time I'll make sure you love it."

"Better be good, this surprise or it'll cost you dearest." He pulled me close and connected our noses. "It's going to be better than good. Promise."

"I'll let you know when I can. I have to see how Chad's going to be then I can tell you the exact date." I kissed his cheek and untangled myself from him.

"Thanks babe. I'll call you later on. I love you." He flashed me another great smile before exiting the elevator.

My heart thudded loudly and I'm having trouble breathing. I imagine going back upstairs. Toby and Blake look downright mad.

Let's get this show on the road, shall we?

Upon entering the apartment, Luce was nowhere in sight and Toby was in the living room on his laptop, phone in his ear. I went to my bedroom and found Blake sitting on the rumpled bed. I closed the door softly and tensely sat next to him. What happens now?

"I guess this is really the end, Sienna," he whispered toying with his phone.

"What-what do you mean?"

"It means I'm done. I'm done obsessing about you. I'm just....done."

"Oh." It was all I could muster. He's moving on....really moving on.

"Are you going to be with Camilla, Blake?" I waited for him to answer and while I waited, all I could hear was my heart breaking again. I stared at his neck. My bites from last night left red marks on his neck. Unknowingly, my finger traced them. His warm skin tingled against the tip of my finger.

He turned around and faced me, trying to search something in my eyes but I don't know what. "It was all sex to you wasn't it?"

I shook my head, "No. It wasn't just all about sex."

His eyes thundered, "Don't lie to me! We both know it was. You used me to get over Kyle. Just come clean with it."

Did I really do that? Use him to get over Kyle? Did I?

I honestly don't know. Everything happened so fast, I remembered being consumed by Blake every waking second after I got back from LA. I probably used him one way or the other-I mean who wouldn't want to be distracted with a man who looked like Blake?

"I'm sorry you felt that way. We happened so quickly-I didn't understand what was going on but I knew I wanted you. You made my body sing and it was addictive."

"Aren't you going to add 'and the mere fact that I fell quickly in love with you didn't help with my confusion'? I can't. I'm not ready...and our relationship is shattered. It's done," he said. "It all comes down to sex, does it not?" his soft voice sounded strangled.

"It does but don't pretend you didn't relish the opportunity. You practically ravished me and swallowed me whole the minute you could."

"Why wouldn't I? I waited for months to have you! I've been so enchanted by you-you simply took my breath away!"

My eyes started to tear. "If you wanted me that badly back then, why didn't you tell me about your engagement?"

"I was afraid you'd leave me and I didn't want to take a chance. But in the end it didn't matter because you left anyway."

"It wasn't easy for me to leave you-you must know that! But I had to-you lied! You were engaged and God knows what you've been doing behind my back. I didn't know if you kept seeing her while you were with me. I couldn't handle it." His jaws clenched.

I sat there vigilantly until he spoke again.

"Is there any chance for us....to get back together?" His eyes looked desperate and pained.

"Blake-we've been here before." I nervously bit my lip to stop it from wobbling.

He wiped away tears that were escaping my eyes. "I'm sorry. Don't cry. I don't ever want to see you cry. I'm sorry." He gathered me in his arms and cradled my body while I silently wept.

After all my tears were spent, I stared at his soaked shirt. I'm going to miss this. I'm going to miss him terribly. Like an addict, I moved closer to smell his skin and softly kissed it. My lips kissed all the way to the sensitive part on the back of his ear, his breathing hitched.

"This is just sex for you isn't it?" he asked softly.

"Is that so bad? Don't you like it with me?" I quickly glanced at him. He looked sad again.

"That's the thing Sienna-I like it more than I should given the circumstances."

I got off his lap and stripped before him. His eyes flashed hungrily over my br**sts. "Do you want to take me one last time?"

"No!" He denied vehemently but his eyes were glued on my boobs. "Are you sure?" I rasped. I moved closer to him.

"Damn it Sienna!" He roared and swiftly placed me flat on the bed in a blink of an eye. "Is this what you want?" he asked as he painfully captured my nipple in his teeth.

"Yes," I responded with a moan.

His hand found my slick nub and rubbed it crassly. "All you ever want is my cock, isn't it?" Blake hissed with loathing.

I should've stopped him. But I was delirious. "Blake-please...I want you."

"No!" He yelled in anger.

WTF!

"What do you mean? Your hand's rubbing me and caressing my boobs!" I stared at him like he lost his mind. Why was he touching me then?

"For bloody f**ks sake! Didn't you hear me?" He shrilled with apparent anger.

"I did-but I don't believe you."

He stared at me for a long time then his smile turned wicked.

9

Blake

"I'll f**k you on one condition, Sienna"

"What is it?" Her eyes glazed with desire. "I want you to spend five nights with me in Marbella. If it's sex you're after-you're going to get it. I want you ready for me every single time I want you. If I ask you to open your legs, you open them without hesitation. I want to f**k you in all holes-in all ways imaginable. That's my condition."

She sat up and stared at me in shock and dismayed expression while I played with the crevice of her pu**y. "All holes?"

I smiled devilishly at her. "Yes, my sweet. I want to f**k you in the ass." The thought of her that way made me twitch in my pants. I've done it a few times and I loved it. It was different compared to pu**y but it was just as pleasurable.

"I've never tried that before."

"I know-that's why you'll want to give it to me. I'll be your first and you wouldn't have a chance in Hades about forgetting me."

"Can I think about it?" She hesitantly asked me. She looked like she was weighing her options. I reached out for her nipple and pinched it and my other hand rubbed her pu**y. "No, you can't think about it. It's either yes or no and I want your answer right now." Her body started to quiver and she threw her head back loving what I'm doing to her. She's so f**king perfect. It hurt.

"What is it to be my sweet? Do you submit yourself to me with no restrictions or not?"

"I can't think when-you touchhh me llike thhat-" stuttering her words. I know it's cruel-but I didn't want her to say no. Sex is something she has a hard time saying no to. It was the best weapon.

"What my love?" Fuck! Don't call her that again you daft man!

"Yes...if that's what you wish..."

Funny, I wished for more but she didn't want it. She just wants to f**k. How bizarre is this? I never thought I would know how it feels to be used. What hurt even more was the fact that I loved the woman who used me.

"It is. Are you sure you will comply with my set of demands? I don't want you to say yes now and say no tomorrow." Taking my hands off her, the thought of her backing out the last minute didn't sit well with me.

"I promise-I won't back down. I think we both need this. We really need to get it out of the way. Tell me to jump and I'll ask how high. I'll do this for you-"

There was a knock on the door. "We're on our way to see Chad. Follow when you can. We'll meet you both there." Toby yelled against the door. We didn't speak until we heard the door slammed shut.

"When do you want to leave for Marbella?" I want to leave now but we have to see Chad. I need to speak to his doctor and make arrangements. I want him to recover in Marbella. He needs a change of scene. London will bring too many bad memories and his gambling druggie friends are running about town.

"Tonight-as soon as it can be arranged. I have to contact my pilot and speak to Chad's doctor first."

She reached up to me smiling. "Good then I'll pack after we get back from the hospital. I'll go get changed now, I bet Chad's been waiting." She scrambled off the bed but I caught her wrist. "Where do you think you're going? We're not done."

"We aren't?" Her golden green eyes dilated.

I captured her lips and made love to her slowly and gently. She had a little discomfort when I entered her and all hurt vanished when she started to moan. We rocked together and came together.

I'm going to love and worship her body for the next five nights. Five nights would be enough for me to get rid of her in my system, surely?

"Chad! The doctor cleared you to leave on Wednesday! Isn't that great?" Sienna gave Chad a dazzling smile and kissed his cheek.

"I guess-that's good news..." he sounded off, like his thoughts are far away.

"I thought Luce and Toby were here?" I asked, studying his facial expression closely.

"They went to go get lunch. They should be back soon."

"Everything okay, mate?"

Chad shook his head. Sienna touched his arm and sat on the bed. "I really f**ked up you know-I mean I totally did-I'm such an idiot."

"What did you do Chad?" She patiently waited for him to answer.

"I did mention gambling last night, didn't I? I racked up a good amount of debt."

"How much is the debt, Chad?" Sienna calmly asked him. "Right about half a million pounds give or take."

"You gambled half a million pounds....in a month?!! That's almost a million dollars Chad! What the hell were you thinking?" She screeched with a flabbergasted expression.

He balked. "That's the thing I wasn't thinking...I guess some of that amount went to getting cocaine too...I borrowed from a friend who has wealthy parents. It didn't seem to matter then."

"How do you plan to pay for it?" Sienna started to look angry. She was getting really frustrated. Her brows started to furrow and she pressing her lips together.

"I don't know-I wanted to ask my parents but they disowned me-"

The nurse knocked and barged in the room with a sunny smile. She was asking Chad all sorts of questions when Sienna quietly asked me to come outside with her. "We'll be back-I need to get coffee, okay?" She kissed his hand and I opened the door to let us out.

"There's a cafe down the street, we could go there." I offered.

She looked bewildered and annoyed. "Sure, that could work."

Crossing the pedestrian walkway, I guided her next to me. "I don't get it, Blake! He gambled an enormous amount of money and then he wanted to die. What the f**k!" She was yelling and airing out her frustrations.

"Sienna-it must be difficult for him. You need to be a bit accommodating where he's concerned. The man just barely recovered from a coma, poppet. You don't have to worry-I'll take care of it."

We were outside of the cafe when she stopped in her tracks, "You're paying it off? That's a lot of money Blake. I want to help but I need to make a quick call to my accountant in LA."

I smiled at the frowning woman before me. Does she know how much I'm worth now and how much wealth I will acquire once my grandfather steps down? My father was wealthy in his own right because he was brilliant with a shrewd eye in investments and my mother came from an old bloodline of wealthy vintners. When they died, it was given to me and I have since doubled the amount. She didn't have a clue did she? She probably heard vague snippets from Toby or from others-but she doesn't wholly know. Would it make a difference if she knew how exactly how much I was worth? I doubted it-but it would've been nice if it did make a difference and she took me back. This woman is aggravatingly different that's why I'm so enthralled with her.

"I want Chad to focus on his recovery. His body might be starting to heal and functioning now-but his other wounds might take awhile to mend. I can spare the money. Now, can you please stop frowning? You're ruining your pretty face."

She tiptoed and gave me a kiss. "You're an amazing man, you know that don't you? You have such a big heart. Thank you for helping my friend. This means a lot to me....you don't understand how grateful I am."

If I was so amazing, then why won't you give me another chance? My thoughts countered.

"You forget that he's my friend too. I care about his well-being."

"Thank you! I can't thank you enough for helping him."

I leaned closer to her and captured her lips. "You can thank me when we get to Marbella."

"I already promised, I will. For the entire time, you'll be the master of my universe," she said cheekily while snaking her tongue out and traced her bottom lip.

"I like the sound of that, Sienna. You better not change your mind."

Her phone rang. She tiptoed again and gave me a kiss, "I won't...no need to worry."

"Go take your call, I'll get us coffee." She smiled and I left her when she picked up her call while I entered the cafe to get coffee. I didn't eat much during breakfast because the wanker was there and ruined my appetite. I ordered our coffee, paid and went through my emails and text messages.

Camilla Clayworth: Our lunch date got cancelled without giving me much notice?

I cursed.

Blake Knightly: I apologize. I lost track of time. I'm at the hospital visiting a friend.

Hell, I totally forgot about the lunch date she arranged. She knew I was in London through the grapevine. I wasn't planning on meeting her, but that changed during breakfast. Sienna ticked me off when she invited Kyle to join us. I texted Cam when Sienna stepped out and took Kyle downstairs. I wasn't sure if she's doing it on purpose or she's insensitive to my feelings at all. But she made me fume and simmer in anger when she decided to take him downstairs.

My phone vibrated.

Camilla Clayworth: I forgive you but you have to take me to dinner tonight. It's the least you can do after humiliating me.

Damn, I knew the gossip went rampant after I voided the contract. Her father, Alfred Clayworth, had high hopes of merging both companies and didn't hold back much when he bragged to everyone about his future son in law. Even if I went through marrying Cam, I wouldn't do a merger between our companies. Although, I happily offered to buy him out.

Blake Knightly: As you wish Cam. I'll take you out tonight. Do you want me to make reservations?

My phone vibrated a minute after I sent my reply.

Camilla Clayworth: No, I'll take care of it. Pick me up around six-thirty. Do wear a tux. I look forward to seeing you Blake. Please don't disappoint me this time.

The barista handed me two foamed cups of coffee and I strolled outside the cafe.

What do I tell her now? The truth would be a great start.

Sienna was still on the phone when I came out. When she saw me, she ended the call.

"Thank you."

"Can we talk for a bit?" I indicated the small sets of chairs and tables and sat in one of them.

"What's up?" she took a quick sip and recoiled. She pulled out her tongue and started to blow through it to ease the burn. She looked too cute.

I smiled, this woman is amusing. She drinks coffee on a daily basis and yet she's still not used to drinking it scalding hot. She can be so adorable without even trying.

"We can't leave for Marbella tonight. Something came up." I gauged her facial reaction as she took in what I just told her.

"Business stuff?"

I cleared my throat. "No, not really. I want to be forthright about this Sienna. I actually promised Cam that I will take her out to dinner tonight. I had to oblige her since I skipped lunch altogether without notifying her."

"Cam....You mean your ex?" She frowned again.

In a certain aspect I suppose Cam is. "Yes."

She shrugged, "That's fine. I was going to ask you if we could move the arrangement to Tuesday or Wednesday after Chad gets out."

"Okay, I'll make arrangements for Tuesday around noon." She seemed so calm and composed. I actually expected a little protest, a pout, a hissy fit...something.... other than cold indifference.

Nodding, she started to get up and gathered her purse and coffee. "Let's go," she uttered in an ultra ice queen manner.

10

Sienna

Blake dropped me off in my flat an hour ago. He needed to get ready to go out with Camilla. It wounded me that he's going on a date but at the same time I know I don't have a say in it. I made my bed and now I have to lie in it.

I'm itching to go dance my frustration off but it didn't feel right knowing Chad was in the hospital. He looked better today and was thankful that Blake will take care of his money woes. He literally broke down when Blake informed him that he will pay off his debts but in return he needs to recuperate in Marbella where both Toby and Blake can watch him.

I smiled thinking that Chad probably bawled his eyes out because he was in seventh heaven knowing he'll be going on a top-notch vacation with two solid hot men looking over him. As much as I wanted to scratch Blake's eyes out right now, I have to concede that he's a good friend to Chad.

It would've been nice if I had Luce and Toby with me but they had to go to Toby's parent's house in Kensington for his mother's birthday dinner bash. They invited me but I didn't feel like mingling with British aristocrats. That would be a dour way to end my night.

I needed to distract myself before I hunted down every restaurant in London looking for Blake and his date for tonight. So, I settled for a quiet night in with a good movie. I'm on the couch enjoying a glass of red wine and baklava watching Mr. and Mrs. Smith, drooling over Brad Pitt's sexiness when a loud knock interrupted me.

Ah, perfect! I thought sourly. Just when Brad and Angelina started getting it on in Colombia with the Mondo Bongo song playing in the background, someone interrupts me. Seriously!

I stomped to the front door and yanked it open. Kyle stood in the hallway with a twinkle in his eyes looking rugged with sexy stubble, distressed black leather jacket, black jeans and black Timbaland boots. "You should check who it is first before opening the door, pretty lady."

Crossing my hands on my chest, I huffed. "Geez, you came here to lecture me? I can't believe you interrupted Angelina and Brad for this." I turned around leaving him there with the door open.

I sat back down on the couch, grabbed the remote and pressed play. Dragging another sip of wine, I saw him sit next to me through my peripheral vision. He hastily took off his leather jacket and hung it on the arm of the couch.

"Busting out Brad and Angie ey? What's upsetting you?" It's really annoying when someone knows you like the back of their hand. I used to cherish this fact because I never had to tell him about what I liked and what I didn't like, he just knew. But tonight, he grated on my nerves.

"Nothing. Did you want something?" I asked not looking his way.

He snickered, "That's a tricky question baby. I always want something from you."

"Huh."

"Come on let's get you out of here. You look downright depressing on a Saturday night."

No. I don't feel like moving. I just want to sit here and finish my bottle of wine and pass out. But instead I mumbled "no thanks."

"I'm surprised you're all alone and your friends aren't here or your "sex on a stick" ex-boyfriend is not here hanging around."

Great, I used that term once to describe Blake and now he won't let it go.

"They're out. Toby and Luce had to go attend his mom's birthday party and Blake's out on a date with his ex-fiance." I delivered the facts with utter nonchalance.

"Blake's finally moving on from you....When will you do the same?"

What the f**k?

My lips wobbled, "I guess he is...he really is." He was silent while he studied me.

"You slept with him didn't you?" Damn you, Kyle. He reads me so well.

"Yes."

"Right and now he's out on a date with the woman he used to be engaged to. Why are you letting him step all over you Sienna? Is he worth it?"

"I don't know, okay? It just happened," I snapped at his judgmental tone.

"Okay-that was a little harsh. But I'm not going to allow you to sit here alone all evening. Put some shoes on, we're heading out." He stood up and held out his hand.

"And where are we going?" Feeling my spirits lift just a puny bit.

"I booked the penthouse suite at St. James for the after-party for TCC tonight. The party starts at eleven so that gives you two hours to get ready."

"You never mentioned this."

"I would've but you've been so out of it since Chad's incident."

I've been so negligent with working with Kyle. At least I didn't slack off turning in my school work in time. I'm a wretched woman. "Sorry, I haven't been in my tiptop shape working for you Kyle. I promise I'll make it up though."

Taking the wine glass off my hands he drank it all in one gulp. "Good, partying is a part of our line of work. Now get your butt in gear and start making up for lost time this very minute and get ready."

Seeing the TCC boys would cheer definitely me up. They're a crazy bunch but really fun to be around. "Whatever you say, boss." I saluted him as I stood up from the couch, turned off the television and DVD player.

I piled my hair high and donned a nude body-hugging halter-top dress. I limited my make up to tinted moisturizer, lip gloss, briskly lining my lower lash line with kohl and thick layers of mascara making my eyes even more noticeable. My eyes are my best feature I think. With my coloring, they simply stood out. I slipped on my teal colored ankle booties by Giuseppe Zanotti to complete my ensemble. Checking myself sideways on the mirror to inspect my bare back and finally smiled. I love dressing up. I'm such a hopeless slave to fashion.

"Hell no, you're not wearing that. I can see your ni**les. Are you trying to make me suffer all night? Be kind baby. I don't think I deserve that kind of cruel torture." He stood leaning against the door opening.

"Humor me. This dress is awesome and it goes perfectly with my shoes, so back off." Kyle grunted and scratched his side stubble.

He only wore a black wife-beater underneath the leather jacket and he looks really smoking hot. When did the cute surfer boy turn into a spanking new man oozing with sex appeal? Since Blake happened. The two are polar opposites and yet both are quite good-looking-I admit that Blake is exceptionally the better looking one but still Kyle can hold his own.

I ran out of the breast tape but I can't openly admit that to him. Some tidbits like this teeny secret shouldn't be openly shared with men. Women have to keep a facade of looking polished and put-together without much effort. We go to extraordinary lengths to look pretty. I mean getting waxed down south is certainly not an enjoyable experience. But we do it to make it pretty neat and all in order down there. Wouldn't it be ghastly when it's all bush-whacked and a curly riot when you spread it open? I smiled thinking what would Blake think if I did that to him. His face would be priceless.

Ooookay there.....that's enough of Blake!

I checked my phone for messages for the umpteenth time with weighing disappointment before inserting it into my purse. No messages. I took a deep breath and headed out the door with a lively looking Kyle.

While in the cab, he was busy replying to emails and listening to his voicemails. Sigh, people in business...it doesn't matter what industry-be it be finance, music, hotels, art or whatever...they're all married to their phones.

When Blake asked me earlier today if there was any chance of us getting back together, I honestly couldn't answer him so I dodged it, with sex. I do want him with every fiber of my entire being but I can't let myself. It was simply impossible to be with him when he's surrounded with countless of gorgeous women. Also my trust died and frittered away the moment he admitted the engagement he so cautiously concealed from me.

I mean look at him now-he's out on a date with her for crying out loud! I bet the man has a battalion of floozies waiting and wanting his attention. Apart from the godlike dark handsome beauty, his wealth and prominent social stature combined are aphrodisiacs for most of his harem. Mix all three and it's a corybantic dreamy concoction. He's quite the dark lothario and a small part of me actually is glad that he and I aren't together. Who can trust a Casanova? Well, I sadly did at one point.

We had sex last night and this morning. Now he's out with Camilla. Who does that? Clearly, one that knew what he wanted, knew what he's capable of and his worth. Did he ever really love me? Or was it because we had such a great combustible bedroom chemistry that he thought he loved me?

Go ask the damned man if you're so curious, Sienna. I scolded my puzzling thoughts.

Am I really going through with the sexual pact I made with him this morning? Ugh, you did throw yourself at him. Or have you forgotten that you stripped naked and basically begged him to touch you?

I'm such an idiot. I'm drunk with wanting and lusting after Blake it's vexing on my sanity especially after he threw that proposition during sexy time. He's highly addictive and I thought then-why not indulge in a five-night all out sexual debauchery with him for the last time? Now I'm hesitant. How many last times are there going to be? One too many it seems.

There are only two outcomes if I do decide to go. First, I would feel relieved, happy and so over him that I would be ecstatic prancing back to jolly England. Or I'll be hurt and fall even more guilelessly in love with the very man himself and his Trojan horse lovemaking antics. I'm a tad convinced that the latter option would be the logical conclusion of the licentious holiday. Tricky situation this is. Could I postpone it and have a rain check when my emotions are in order and not treacherous?

I groaned in misery.

Tonight, I promise I won't think of Blake or thoughts of him together with "the very one" Camilla. I will not give him the power to hurt me, not anymore.

"We're here! Come on Foxytrot!" I rolled my eyes at him. Since, the boys from TCC started calling me foxy, he put my love of dancing and came up with the nickname. Foxy and foxtrot put together equals Foxytrot. Lame really, but he's adorable for being a lame dork.

We were ushered in a private lift and when the doors opened, the party was just getting started. The penthouse occupied the entire floor with a private terrace and a big Jacuzzi sitting in the far right corner. "I had to make a special request for that to be brought in. I wanted the guys to have a blast. They're picking up good momentum with fans and I need them to be happy before they start recording next week."

"I don't doubt they'll have a blast." The terrace had black outdoor rattan setting and the interior inside was contemporary chic. A lot of golden and neutral hues and dark furniture, the outcome was luxurious, posh and sophisticated without going for overkill.

"The band isn't here yet-but as you can see some guests arrived already. They're on their way and should be here soon. Let's go put your purse somewhere safe." He guided me through doors and stopped at the double doors. He pulled out a key and opened it. The room imitated the hues from the rest of the theme outside but the bathroom was all black marble tiles.

"This is a beautiful suite, Kyle. Are you sure it's okay to leave my things here?" I asked and sat on the bed. So soft...gosh, I don't want to leave the room and party. I'm so tempted to order room service and go through their movie selection.

"This room's for me. The guys can take the rest of the rooms. Feel free to leave your belongings anywhere. This room is secured." He strolled over to me and handed me a card key. "Here, just in case it gets crazy tonight and you can't find me and you want to rest, puke or if you feel tired. I want you to be safe."

"That's very thoughtful but we have a problem. As you saw earlier, I'm not wearing a bra. Where do you suppose I put that? Tuck it in my underwear?"His eyes darkened and he cleared his throat.

"Gotcha-good point. Just hunt me down then in any case?"

"Suuure. You make it sound like there's going to be an uproar. Dude, it's just a party, calm down."

He grinned, "You haven't partied rock and roll style haven't you? You'll see." He took off his leather jacket and flung it on the nearest chair.

My stomach growled loudly. I laughed my embarrassment off. I seriously forgot to eat dinner.

"Did you have dinner?" I shook my head. "What the hell! I bet you'd skip it too if I didn't come over and drag you out. Let's go outside. The hotel staff has prepared food in the kitchen." His angered tone helped sink my party mood.

Oh, boo!

I stuck a tongue at him and simmered some more. "Sienna-you shouldn't skip meals. It doesn't matter if you're depressed because he's out with another girl. You should always put your needs first." It's easier said than done, buster.

Upon entering the kitchen, the staff accommodated my famished state. Kyle ordered for them to place the food on the kitchen counter because the entire penthouse was starting to get packed. He didn't want me to be distracted while eating and people floated around. They served different types of sandwiches, cheeses, fruits, selection of antipasti, mouth-watering cakes, and lastly cute embellished mini burgers.. Yum, those posh burgers looked divine, I thought fervently as a friendly waitress named Molly placed a bottle of magnum Rose Cristal, two champagne flutes and a pot of coffee beside me. I quirked my eyebrow and whispered to Kyle "You serve two thousand dollar champagne to all these people?"

He smiled. "Nah-I have a stack reserved for you and me. We're serving them hard liquor and beer from what the band requested."

The man can be uber sweet. "Geez a stack of champagne, do I look like an alcoholic?"

He kissed the tip of my nose. "No-you look deliciously perfect." He picked up a sandwich, and held it to my mouth and I took a good bite. He literally fed me the entire time.

Sipping the glorious bubbles of the decadent champagne, I looked at him through my lashes. "Trying to score points tonight, aren't we?"

"Hey, don't judge-whatever helps." I was about to reply when we heard loud booming noises coming outside the kitchen door. Loud music from The Cure played through the speakers. "They're here. Let me go say hi really quick and I'll be back." Kyle gave me a quick kiss on the lips and left the kitchen.

"Your boyfriend loves you very much and he's drop-dead handsome to boot," Molly sighed dreamily.

"Yeah....Kyle does love me very much...." My voice trailed off. And I can't help but stare at his arms. Damn him for walking around with a tight wife-beater on making him look like a smoking hot pistol. Thank goodness he left for a bit!

I don't mind being left alone. I needed to savor these exquisite looking cakes. I took a forkful of the rich chocolate cake and moaned "Delish." Another mouthful and I died from the heavenly taste of the hazelnut mousse cake. I took a refreshing long sip of the bubbly and continued on my cake banquet.

"God, Sienna-do you have to make eating....so sexual?"

I darted him a dirty look. "Don't get me wrong, you sounded hot as hell but I don't think the waiters appreciated that," I retorted to his biting comment.

"We don't mind her making sexy sounds." An entertained chap butted in and a few "yeahs" came behind me. In normal circumstances, I would've been mortified, but the happy bubbles worked their magic and I simply giggled. I'm feeling great and I want to revel in it for the time being. I took the champagne bottle and got up.

"Let's go rock the party lover boy!" I strutted and called out over my shoulder to an amused Kyle.

11

Blake

"Hi. Don't bother leaving a message. I won't check them. Bye." Sienna's phone went directly to her voicemail. Where the hell is she?

I went over to their apartment at nine in the morning and found out she wasn't home or never came home last night. Neither Toby nor Lucy can confirm anything since they both were so out of it when they got back last night. I demanded they call me as soon as she walks through the door.

I'm in the office on a Sunday afternoon and I'm supposed to go over the counter proposal for the Australian mining company I wanted to buyout but my brain isn't functioning. Instead, I opted to nurse a snifter of cognac and stared at the view of the River Thames below me.

The night with Camilla was rather out of the ordinary. She surprised me by taking me to her mother's fundraiser in their country estate in Surrey. I'm almost sure that I saw the invitation somewhere in the office but I didn't bother opening it. I never minded going to these types of functions but The Clayworths are a different matter. Cam looked radiantly statuesque and regal in a shimmering gold strapless gown that accentuated her slender figure. I can just imagine the tittle-tattle of the scandalmonger's tonight when they see me and Cam together. Those bored airless bimbos never disappoint. The minute we entered the foyer, the chitchat died and the deafening sound of whispers took over.

When Albert came over to greet us, his beaming smile made it a tad awkward for me. Surely, he doesn't see this as a reconciliation of some sort? I'm merely obliging his daughter.

The entire time Cam only left my side to freshen up in the powder room. After the long eventful dinner, we danced. I can only envisage what the onlookers were thinking. Cam and I did look like we belonged together and at one time, I thought we were well-matched. She was quite discreet with her intentions with me the entire night. But they were cautiously brushed off. I'm not going to lead her on when I still have Sienna even if it was only for a short period of time. A big part of me still longs for her to change her mind and announce that she doesn't want to let me go after this whole plan I had for her in Marbella.

When I took Camilla back to her place, she clung and kissed me goodnight. "Thank you for coming through tonight. You made me very happy and I just want you to know that-when this phase of yours is over and done with-I'll be waiting right here."

Wait she would, but I know that what I feel for Sienna will forever be with me. It's a part of me now and I must accept it fully, with or without her in my life.

Striding back to my desk, I went back to work. I need to get done tonight and have the proposal ready by tomorrow morning. The mining company would be a great asset to acquire for Knightly Industries. I can see the vast potential if the company is run efficiently-it literally is a gold mine. I can't slack on work even if I'm mad with jealousy and want to forage and ransack Kyle's home in Hampstead.

By the time I finished with work, it was ten at night and Sienna was still unreachable. I knocked on their door and Toby instantly opened the door. "You look like you're at the death's door mate. Want some lager to take the edge off?"

"Sure"

Her door was open as I followed Toby into the kitchen. "She's not here. If you want to contact her that badly, why don't you call Kyle?"

Hearing his smug voice would set me ablaze. I'd rather wait for the lass to explain why she's been MIA for about twenty-four hours now.

"How was your mum's birthday festivity?" I sent Luke, my assistant, to search for a present for Evelyn Watson in one of the jewelers on Old Bond Street. I'm not fond of her or her husband, Rupert. They're both the selfish lot and only cared about money and appearances. I'm befuddled how they have two sons who were exceptional and grounded.

"You know how these things go." He sighed, "Grandmother and my mother took Luce in the study to chat. Luce was not the same after that but she won't tell me what happened. I asked my mother but she assured me that everything's great."

I smirked, I'm sure she did. Poor Luce she never stood a chance when faced with Evelyn and Toby's grandmother, Florence. Those two are a force to be reckoned with and the soddy Rupert Watson can't be blamed for his gambling addiction.

Luce took the cue and entered the kitchen glumly. She got herself a can of fizz, brownies from M and S and plopped next to me on the barstool. "Drop the rubbish subject, will you? It's bloody f**king taxing!"

"Well, why don't you just spill the details then? I'm twisted about this whole bloody mess!" Toby was getting riled up.

Certainly, I'm not the only one with shiteload of problems.

Luce released an exasperated sound, slid off the stool and left the room. "What a bloody disaster!"

Finishing off my lager, "Give her time mate-she'll eventually tell you."

"I may be a patient man compared to you-but I don't have that much when chosen the subject pertains of Lucy."

"You and me both-pathetic pricks that we are."

We laughed and his humor died when Luce called out. "I'm going out. Don't wait up for me."

"Fuck! Bloody f**k!" he screamed. He took hold of his phone and started dialing her but cursed again when she didn't pick up. He texted her several times but Luce ignored it.

"Heavens help me! I'm going bonkers!" I nodded in agreement.

Women...bizarre and peculiar creatures they are.

"Hear hear."

He threw me a disgusted glare. "Piss off Knightly! You find this comical?"

"Oh shut it, you sad bastard! You of all people saw my appalling state with Sienna. After that momentous night we had-I'm quite convinced that I'd rather hound after her than not have her at all."

"Blake Knightly finally fell on his knees. Oh, how the mighty have fallen! We're quite the pathetic lot mate," Toby declared with haughty smile, "Though I don't blame you after that crazed brutish bonking you two had! Holy f**k! I heard you bloody growl like a bloody blasted animal."

My throat dried thinking about how Sienna was that night, she had claws alright. But once tamed, she was compliant, submissive and f**king perfect! She makes the beast in me come out and she loves it that way. She wants me begging and maniacal with need for her.

"Yeah-she brings out the Neanderthal in me. I wasn't a possessive bloke until she came along. She brings men to their knees. Who can blame me if I become domineering and territorial?"

"Luce is quite the catch. She's beautiful to be sure and I love her to distraction but with a woman like Sienna...." He paused and looked thoughtful a moment, "you have more than a battle mate. Women like her caused wars in the old days. You've met your match dear ole friend."

After another hour drinking a few beers, Toby was sloshed and the man needs to report to office come morning.

Being in Sienna's room without her in it brought small comfort to me. At least I was surrounded by her belongings and her smell. I picked up her iPod and turned it on. Clare de Lune played by Juliam Bream. The sound of baroque music strung in a guitar salved my stormy emotions.

These are one of the things we had in common, our love of music played on guitars. Andres Segovia and Francisco Tarrega were both favorites. Songs played in Spanish guitars add more depth, soul and meaning.

Now the barmy wanker Kyle did know how to play a guitar. He won't give her up. He had an advantage that I didn't have. They've known each other for a long time. He knows what makes her tick and their bond is quite strong.

The bloke certainly uses that to full advantage.

Pavane played by Pablo Segovia Gardel in Spanish guitar lulled me to sleep.

12

Sienna

Kyle handed me his phone. "Baby, Lucy is on the line."

I was in the kitchen getting an Arranciata San Pelligrino. I was thirsting for a drink other than alcohol.

I took the phone. "Hello?"

"Trying to get a hold of you is more difficult than requesting an audience with The Queen of bloody England. Where the hell are you, love? I'm coming over. I need girl time." Lucy Connelly sounded distraught. I gave her the hotel name and told her to ask for the penthouse suite. For the entire time I've known her, a year and half to be exact, I've never seen or heard her totally upset.

This was serious business. I'm actually looking forward to seeing Luce after partying with a bunch of strangers for the last thirty six hours or so, give or take.

Last night was definitely rock and roll. I've never consumed that much alcohol in my life. I have never had that much entertainment and plain old fun in a very long while. Some danced and others partied harder. There were catfights and lovemaking. It was uncontrollable and wild. The smell of marijuana was thick and heavy last night. Drugs were available everywhere. I didn't dare touch any of it-I've never used hard drugs-apart from the occasional hits of a joint-three times precisely. I was never that curious to go fly like a kite especially not after what happened to Chad. Will, TCC's front man and lead, definitely scored a threesome with the busty twins. I was getting flirty with a random cute blonde Frenchman when Kyle unceremoniously plucked me out of the terrace and into his bedroom. He was drunk and I was beyond plastered so the confrontation was spectacularly-explosive.

He took me by surprise when he flung me to the bed and captured my lips and devoured them. I responded with earnest longing. I knew it was twisted after Blake but Kyle was my Kyle. Another set of emotions washed over me when he kissed me like he can't hold back his hunger any longer. I lusted after both men-it's messed up.

Although with Blake, it's more. I always want more with Blake.

Kyle was eager but knew his boundaries. We didn't go past the dry humping and making out. I knew I lusted after both men-but I don't want to be a whore about it either.

But hell, kissing Kyle made me feel like I was in high school again. He made me feel safe and his scent reminded me of home. I remembered smelling him after he surfed in Malibu the entire afternoon and the scent of the beach he carried with him. I was hooked and nostalgic.

His kisses were demanding but not like Blake's....never like Blake's. Blake's were searing and obliterating. My mind turns into mush and my body takes over. With Kyle on the other hand, it was pleasantly familiar and packed with longing desire.

He was famished and he kept me in bed the entire time. I loved having this with Kyle and at the same time I felt like I was betraying Blake even though we weren't together.

The party started to die down, the TCC boys unexpectedly announced they were going to Ibiza for the a few days before they start boxing themselves in the recording studio. So, that left me and Kyle alone in this enormous penthouse. I was dressed in one of his white dress shirts and a thread of underwear on. He only had his pull-string black linen pants and his tanned body looked wonderfully appealing. Damn those freaking tattoos!

"Lucy's coming over?" he asked as he took a sip from my Pelligrino.

"Yeah...she needs girl time." He purred as his took a whiff of my neck. He kissed me then-gently.

We kissed for a very, very long time-until we heard Luce call out my name. The kiss was sweet and gentle. We were both looking sappy but we had to stop.

I pulled us out of the kitchen to meet our guest.

Luce looked shocked when she saw our undressed state. "Uh did I interrupt something? I did, didn't I? Your lips are crimson red and bruised-and so are Kyle's. Well, too bad-I can't be kicked out. I need Sienna for a little while."

Kyle smiled and pulled me to him, his arms wrapped around my shoulders. "No, go ahead-I need to work for a little bit. Order in if you two want something to eat. I'll be in my room if you need me." He kissed my lips again.

"I love you," he said and left us in the living room. Both our eyes followed him as he exited.

"What's your secret? Why are all these hot men clamoring after you? I would gladly die if I was in your position. Goodness me-I don't know if I'd choose the sexy perfection of the smoldering God that is Blake Knightly or the mysterious scruffy Kyle Matthews-who has a voice that made me weak in the knees." She shook her head in amusement.

"Shut up, Luce!" I smiled at her wistful face.

She threw herself down on the couch and grinned at me. "Oh, do piss off my dear love. That's quite a brilliant dilemma to be in, compared to my ghastly circumstances." Luce made an aggravated growl and I sat across her. I was surprised that the French wing-back chair was comfortable. It sure didn't look it. But surprise surprise-it cushioned my buxom ass, happily.

"His horrid mum and Florence-his evil grandmother-cornered me last night at the bloody f**king party and demanded I break it off with Toby. They kept ranting about how he can look for a better, suitable wife if I wasn't in the wretched picture. I fought them off-but they were adamant that Toby will let me go once he's had his fun and the novelty wears off."

"You're joking right? How can you not be suitable? You're beautiful and smart Luce-and your family's great! Not to mention that you guys are known for the profitable fortune that your father struck in the online business. But most of all, Toby worships the ground you walk on."

"That's the thing-we're new money. They frown upon those. Toby's maternal side is quite connected. They have familial ties to the royal family. Even if they are in the outer sphere of these so-called ties-they are quite proud and want him to be with someone who is in the same social strata as he." She cursed, "The Watson coffers are dwindling rapidly and his mum is in panic mode. Evelyn can't possibly keep up with her lifestyle if poor bloody Rupert keeps bleeding them dry and Toby doesn't want to work along with his father in their company. They believe that once Toby sets himself straight and marries for money-they'll keep their lifestyle and not be shunned. But Toby's really determined to make it on his own and he's been fighting for me. He and his mum had a row. It didn't end so well." She puffed and bit her lips. She was fuming and her cheeks were a bright shade of red.

"Of course Toby will fight for you, Luce. He loves you and I honestly don't think he'll survive without you at his side. You're not planning to leave him and grant his mother's wish, are you?"

She started to tear up. I got up and hugged her. "I don't know anymore, Sienna. I love him-I love him more than anything but I can't stand being in the middle of him and his family. Even if they are horrible parents-they are family. I don't want to be that woman who would drive a wedge between a son and his mother."

I feel her pain and it saddens me that she was even thinking of leaving Toby. She's a determined woman and she already made a decision. The question is when will she tell him? Toby would be devastated.

"Oh Luce-I'm so sorry. This is all wrong. His mother and grandmother need to take a hike and never come back."

She laughed through tears. "Don't be daft-those two do not own trainers. I doubt they can hike in their Wellingtons."

She groaned and she did it in a cute way. Sniffing, "where is everyone? You mentioned a party over the phone," she asked as she took in the penthouse.

"It started last night but ended right around noon. This entire place was trashed with men and their groupies, Luce-it was a sight to see! It was a blast!"

"Well good thing one of us is having a good time. Blake is in the apartment waiting for you. The man doesn't look happy-consider yourself forewarned."

"I can't face him right now Luce-or I will breakdown. I mean, why would he be angry? He took his ex fiance out last night. From where I'm standing, he's enjoying his bachelor status to the hilt."

"You both are mad! You two cannot be in the same room without setting it ablaze. The always polished man has got it bad for you. Give him another chance-you certainly look like you're about to give it to Kyle, why can't Blake have a fair shot as well? After all-it is all is fair in love and war."

"It isn't that easy with Blake-he's so complex-it scares the hell out of me. He hurt me more than Kyle ever did. That's why it's so hard but at the same time-when he touches me-I become undone. He has this power over me and it's mystifying."

"Abso-fucking-lutely! That man certainly was made with sex and oodles of majestic male dominance. Don't get me wrong-I love my Toby to bits but I can admire one fine specimen if I see one. When he came out of your bedroom the other morning with those clingy boxer briefs and his scrumptious chiseled chest-I squealed like a school girl. And from what I heard from you two-the sex is bombastic." I threw a pillow at her. "Seriously love-ponder it through. Do what makes you happy. Don't get me wrong-I think Kyle loves you just as much as my dear Blake does-but you lighten up and blossom when Blake is with you."

She stood up and stretched lazily. "I have to go. Thank you for seeing your muddled friend even if I called around midnight."

"Now, you're being silly Luce. I didn't care much about the time. Do you want something to eat? Drink, perhaps?"

"I should go and get back to Toby. I want to enjoy my time with him before it ends. You're coming back tomorrow right?" We got up and started to walk to where the elevator was located.

"Yes, I'll be back in the morning. I have to be in class for two hours then I'm going to see Chad. Think about Toby Luce-you're going to break his heart." Her face paled.

"We shall see. Goodnight love," she kissed both of my cheeks and hugged me fiercely. Letting me go, she gave me a little wave before stepping in the private lift.

Exhaling noisily as I let myself in the kitchen, plucked the phone out of its receiver and ordered a late dinner. I haven't really had a proper meal since I was trashed last night and slept most of the afternoon. I ordered for two.

When the food arrived twenty minutes later, I set it up on the kitchen counter and took the liberty of opening a champagne bottle and chilled it in the iced silver bucket. I could've set this on the terrace but it is November and already chilly outside-especially when it's almost two in the morning. The kitchen sufficed, it was cozy in here.

I strode barefoot to get Kyle. "Are you hungry? I ordered food." He smiled as he looked up from his laptop.

"Yes, I am actually-go ahead and start-be there with you in a minute."

"It better be a minute or less. A second more will put you in a 'no kissing zone' for the rest of the night." He immediately closed his laptop and went to grab my waist.

"You sure know how to dictate to me. I love it when you get bossy, Sienna."

Once in the kitchen, we ate with relish. We both had a hearty appetite after last night. We nibbled bits and pieces throughout the day but never a full meal. We were quite hungry. We shared a bottle each of the famed fizzy bubbles. My mind and body were in full-on chill mode.

"Things with Lucy turned out okay? She looked off for some reason." No, she isn't okay. The woman was about to sacrifice her happiness for the sake of Toby's family. No, she definitely isn't okay but she had her mind made up, sadly.

"Not really-but I can't talk about it. It's complicated." My heart broke for those two. What an atrocious and abominable parents to have. My face contorted thinking of Toby's parents and grandmother. They should be ashamed meddling in Toby's life. The man is entitled to have a happy life and choose who he wants to be with.

"No worries. Oh, I spoke to Mom and Dad. They both said hi." Pulling my barstool closer to him he kissed me mindless. After minute, I pulled away and drained my champagne flute.

His eyes consumed me greedily. He looked rapacious and forbidding. I lifted an arched brow, "yes?" I inquired.

He cocked his head and instantly had me on the island kitchen counter. His eyes turned molten. "You look really good in my shirt baby. I'm having a hard time resisting you." He gushed as he took my lips. He planted himself in between my legs and pulled my hips against his own. The empty dishes were pushed aside. I moaned as he pinched my nipple through the shirt. "I want you so much," he said in between kisses. I could feel his erection and I was tempted....so tempted to just say yes and forget about Blake.

He rapidly pulled his shirt off me and lavished my br**sts with undivided attention. Moaning and writhing on the cold marble kitchen counter I gripped his hair when he traced his hot tongue over my laced mound and nipped it. Holy shit! No, not yet.

"Not yet," I muttered through gasping breaths.

He growled, "Fuck Sienna-I can't wait anymore." He picked me up and briskly found the bedroom and flung me to the sheets. Kyle looked like an ardent predator as he lingered over my naked body.

I was astounded and didn't have a second to think or articulate a word when he executed his feral needs on my aching br**sts. I was thrashing and gasping when I felt his hand hastily take my lacy underwear off. His finger found my wet folds. "No," I muttered in between gasps. Fuck, I can't think!

He groaned and stuck a finger inside me. Holy guacamole! I have to stop this craziness.

"You sure don't feel like you want me to stop, baby. You still feel like nirvana....my f**king nirvana." He growled possessively.

I was going to say "Kyle-we have to stop" but I ended up moaning his named when he started to grind his finger at the ridged spot inside me. Kyle had the magic fingers, hands down. He knew it too.

Damn, those happy bubbles are making me delirious. My body broke out in sweat and I am at the very tip of surrender.

"You don't want this, Sienna? Do you want me to stop? Do you want me to stop touching you?" His finger was relentless and I whimpered in frustration. "You have to try harder baby-because I sure wouldn't stop. Fuck no-not when I have you all to myself, spread-eagled and readily f**kable." He propped on one elbow and captured my nipple with his other finger still stuck inside me.

Oh, shit cakes.

He kissed my neck and squeezed my breast with his soaked finger. "I love you-so damn much."

"Kyle-maybe-" he silenced me with a kiss. I felt him shift and his finger found my pu**y again. I was writhing in pure tormented physical and mental agony.

He took out his finger and took hold of my hips and plunged inside me with one quick thrust. My eyes widened when I felt him thrust deeper. Oh hell, when did he take off his pants?

"Shit-baby!" he groaned as he slid in and out of me. "I love you," muttering through closed eyes as he found momentum and drove harder inside me.

There was no going back...I felt wretched when my body responded to him.

So much for resistance.

He screamed my name as he came and my body rode along with him in harmonious orgasm.

When Kyle gathered me in his arms and finally fell asleep, I felt a hot tear slide down the side of my face.

Blake.....

13

Blake

It was already ten in the morning and still I haven't heard from Sienna. Toby left for the office around seven thirty. I should be at work too but I was set in waiting for Sienna.

Lucy was somewhere in her room. She looked pained for reasons I do not know. When I asked, she simply shrugged and pretended everything was okay.

I was in the kitchen working through emails. I got up when I noticed my cup was empty and needed a refill. I strode to the coffee machine. I poured coffee and added two teaspoons of sugar. When I heard the rustle of the key grating in the lock, my body tensed in anticipation.

Heavy thud of high-heeled shoes and a happy masculine voice echoed in the quiet atmosphere, it's the pathetic prick-with Sienna.

I strode over to them without much ado. Sienna's face lost all its blood when she saw me. The tosser didn't even see it coming. I threw a heavy upper-cut punch that landed perfectly underneath his jaw.

Sienna screamed but I didn't hear her. I was blinded by rage. I was blinded by jealousy. I was blinded by pain. I was blinded by Sienna.

Kyle found his balance and attempted to punch me but I caught him and threw a fist and connected beautifully with the side of his face. He thrashed and lunged for me. His fist landed squarely on my jaw-but I didn't feel pain. I was about to take him down on the floor and kill the bloody bastard when Luce threw herself in the middle of the blasted fight.

"You-you need to go home, this very instant." She pointed at Kyle who grunted and Sienna came to his rescue-fucking twit that he is.

He flinched when she tried to touch his bleeding face. He muttered "I'll call you later" before leaving the flat. He looked like nutty and livid.

"You need to leave the flat too-" Luce glared furiously at me.

I stared at Sienna for another second and strode back to the kitchen and gathered my belongings. I do not want to stay here either.

It took her two hellish minutes to follow me. "Are you okay? Are you hurt?" Her voice shook as she asked. I ignored her questions.

I don't trust myself this instant. I might just choke the life out of her.

My woman is wearing a man's dress shirt. She wore his dress shirt. She wore his bloody f**king dress shirt!!!

It took every ounce in me not to turn around and wrench that blasted shirt into smithereens. But what's decapitating my wretched heart and mind-is the very question I'm stupefied to ask is "Did you f**k him?"

"Blake-please-talk to me." She gently tugged on my arm.

"Do. Not. Fucking. Touch. Me." I said through gritted teeth. My hands were crammed with my laptop, papers, chargers and my phone. I left her there crying as I marched back to her room and packed it in my overnight bag. I was zipping it closed when I felt her wrap her arms around my waist. Her wet tears soaked my back. I closed my eyes and prayed for reason as she sobbed noisily.

"Stop, please-look at me, Blake," she pleaded.

But I couldn't. For the life of me-I couldn't.

I need to leave but it was hard to move. The simple task of breathing was bloody difficult. I'm shattered into pieces but I had to know or I would be forever in a hellish wonderment. "Did you f**k him?" Her body tensed and completely halted her breathing.

Counting from one to ten, my patience was thinning. "DID YOU or DID YOU NOT FUCK HIM?!!!" She tightened her hold. "ANSWER ME, DAMN YOU!" I snarled ferociously.

"Yes...." she whispered.

A pained guttural sound came from my throat. I pushed her arms off me, took my bag and slammed her door shut and left the apartment.

My heart was erratic as I tried to breathe.

She did it.... She finally did it. I'm irreparable.

I had no clue how I got back to my apartment in Mayfair, but I did. I went to the bar and grabbed the nearest bottle of cognac. I took a long gulp and headed straight to my bedroom. Her silk robe sat on the foot of the bed. I hurled myself on top of it and cursed her. I called her names but the pain didn't subside, it merely intensified.

I cried, I cried from the wounding pain that's eating me and my whole existence.

I don't think I can recover from this. I cannot believe she would let another man touch her.

She f**ked him.

She really did.

Did she enjoy it? Did she scream his name as she came? Does she enjoy hurting me? I am tormenting myself even more with torturous questions-because I am hurt and sadly, permanently broken.

I finished the cognac to its very last drop. I was numb but the sunken ache, rotting heinously inside of me didn't leave me.

I pulled her silken robe to my nostrils and inhaled her scent. It was faint but it was remarkably, undeniably hers.

I woke up from the gentle strokes caressing my forehead. But my drunken state made it difficult to open my eyes so I grunted in earnest.

"Shhhhh.....rest my love," she whispered softly, "I'm so sorry."

Her gentle caresses calmed and comforted me. She said "my love" but I doubt that meant love.

"Stay-don't leave me." And go to him.

I am hurt but I know I would rather die than not have her with me. Maybe in time we will forgive each other and our misguided decisions.

In time....I can only hope.

"If that's what you want." It is.

I heard her shuffle and flick the lamp switch off. She hugged me from behind. She was crying softly and I was gutted hearing her soft sobs.

If I just made the right decision and told her about the blasted engagement in the very beginning....severed my ties with the Clayworths....then none of this would be happening. I wouldn't have bedded different women and she wouldn't have given herself to Kyle. She and I would've been very happy.....

The strangest thing about love is that it doesn't stop even if disaster strikes. It engulfs you and intertwines with every single atom of your very existence.

I did this to us.... I did this to her.... I couldn't stop the pain that was consuming us both.

But she's here with me. Her being here is enough. She might not voice how she felt about me but I knew she cared.

"I love you....most ardently....senselessly....desperately."

"How-how can you love me after what I did to you?" Sienna sobbed in between words.

I turned and faced her. My heart constricted at the very sight of her.

"I just do. That's why it's love-it's unconditional. Whether you commit a mistake or a hundred, I would still love you. They say the most romantic kind of love is the unfinished kind. The kind that will forever burn and mark your soul-you've bewitched me, body and soul. I love you-and whether you do or don't feel the same, my love is unequivocal."

"I'm sorry Blake. I don't want to see you hurt ever again."

I hugged her and she cried more on my shoulder and spoke softly to her, "I'm sorry too-we both made mistakes and hurt each other badly in the process."

My thoughts were still in turmoil. My heart still beats with grief. But we reached a higher ground, a ground with common level of understanding.

The ball is in her field, I just don't know which goalkeeper she'd take her shot at.

One can only hope....

I don't have any clue how long we both stayed awake. But I went to sleep right after she stopped sobbing and her breathing evened.

14

Sienna

I woke up alone in Blake's bed. It was Tuesday and I have to rush back to school and visit Chad right after because I failed to do that in my miserable state yesterday.

Seeing Blake's crestfallen face lacerated me. I cried all afternoon and Luce finally managed to convince me to follow him. It was almost seven at night when I called Luke and asked if Blake was in the office but he told me Blake didn't go in at all. I grabbed the key he gave me with its handmade pink and white diamond lily and directly went to his apartment in Mayfair.

I found him in his bedroom faced down with my soft pink silk robe on the bed. The way he clutched my robe broke me into sobs. He was passed out and the empty cognac bottle sat mere inches away from his large hand.

Last night was difficult but I am relieved that Blake and I found some common ground.

But I didn't know where to go from there and but before I fell asleep, I decided I wouldn't go anywhere at all. Not to Kyle or Blake. I've caused both men enough pain to last a lifetime. We all caused each other enough damage. It was time to make amends and let go.

I love them both...

I love Kyle because he kept me safe ever since the day we met. I love him for being there for me constantly and supporting me tirelessly. But most of all, he loved me-scars and all.

I love Blake because he splintered through my guarded heart and made it beat again. His passionate nature and his beauty ensnared, seized and held me captive. I've never felt more alive than when I'm with him. He simply took my breath away and he accepted me fully-as a woman and as a person. I've never felt so complete and I fell madly in love. I fell hard. He took every single thing to another level and made it his-a fact that he applies in all aspects in his life.

There was nowhere to hide-I clung unto the man and hopped on to the nonsensical rollercoaster that we made for ourselves-there was no one to blame but us.

It was time to get off the rollercoaster and face the reality of the mess I've created for myself.

I got myself out of bed and looked for Blake.

He was staring idly at the counter, pensive. Freshly showered and shaven in his dark suit, he looked elegantly and magnificently gorgeous. My stomach did a somersault. He instantly looked up when I entered the kitchen.

"Hi."

"Hello," he smiled sadly at me. My chest clutched heavily.

He turned around and started to prepare a cup of coffee for me. I didn't want him to but he seemed to want to do something, so I obliged.

"What are your plans today?" he asked as he planted the coffee before me.

"Thank you. I actually have to go to school for a few hours then I'm going to see Chad. Isn't he going to be discharged tomorrow?"

"Yes, he will be. I'll take you to school and we can go see Chad together if you want."

"Aren't you going to be busy all day?"

He shrugged. "Need not worry-I've got it covered."

"Okay, that would be fine if you want to take me to school and see Chad together."

After drinking our coffees in a comfortable silence, I dashed to the bathroom and showered. I was shocked to find all of my things were still in the same place I left them. My perfume, toothbrush, facial items and paraphernalia I had left before we broke up-were all in the very same spot. Sure, the place is squeaky clean, due to his housekeeper Freya, no doubt-but it seemed like he wanted them just as is, like he expected me to be back here with him, again.

My clothes still hung in the His and Hers walk-in closet. A beautiful big rounded white suede lounge chair sat in between the closets. I sat there for a minute staring wide-eyed at the ever-present closet that had my things in them.

Why didn't he take my belongings to the nearest trash bin and swept his apartment clean of me?

He wanted me back....even if I declined his proposal, he still wanted me back. Even then, he just knew. He knew what he wanted and he wanted me with him.

There was a soft knock and he called out from the other side of the room. "Hey-I'll be waiting in the car downstairs. I need to make a few calls. No need to hurry-just letting you know where I'll be."

"I'll be ready in five minutes," I called out to him.

"Okay-I'll just be downstairs."

I dressed casually with dark jeans, black long-sleeved cotton shirt and black pointed boots. I pulled my long bright orange pashmina scarf that I purchased from Florence on a weekend trip with Chad and loosely snaked it on my neck. I pulled my damp hair in a haphazard bun. I applied dark brown eye-liner on the rims of my puffy eyes and a coat of mascara. A couple swipes of peach colored gloss and I was set. Grabbing my black tote, I rummaged for my Aviator shades and walked over to the lift. I bought us the same shades because I knew they would make Blake look sexy as hell-and they did. I purchased them six months ago-when were simply just friends.

I pushed the building door open and got smacked by the chilly blast of air. Blake was in his car, his black Seventy-seven Vanquish, talking animatedly on his phone. He had his aviator shades on too and he looked stunning.

I stood there mesmerized and drank the sight of him. When finally saw me-he smiled, giving me that gorgeous, arresting signature smile of his. He got out of the car and opened the door for me. He was still on the phone and he spoke in fluid Italian. Boy, I wanted to drown in that sexy musical drawl.

I honestly don't think anyone can compare to him. He's a man of force and the world was his oyster. He's going to become bigger and larger than life. Someday he will be a great husband and father to his children. The thought was depressing but it was the truth. One thing I knew about him is that once he commits himself into something, he gave it his all. When he finally chooses to marry, his wife is going to be one very lucky woman.

He got in the car and still spoke on the phone. We weaved through the London traffic with fluidity. London traffic can be awful especially in the morning. The whole thing about driving on the other side of the road confused the hell out of me-that's why driving here is not the wisest idea. Even Kyle can't be bothered driving here. Back in LA, he was obsessed with his silver Lamborghini Roadster and wouldn't let anyone drive it.

Kyle. I have yet to call him today and find out how he was. Blake did a number on him. The poor thing didn't see it coming. I didn't see it coming. When Blake sauntered in the room, he looked like his usual composed self-but God, he was like a burning furnace with rage and I didn't even notice it. How does he do that? Mask his emotions without showing much to those around him? I guess it's one of those things that his granddad taught him. It comes very handy when it comes to business dealings. But when it comes to personal relationships-it can be very daunting. It's quite overwhelming really if you think about it.

I heard him say "Ba bene, Zia. Ciao," and end the call.

"That was my Aunt Seraphina in Rome, she said my uncle wants me to visit again. I spoke briefly with him and he sounded like he's getting back on his feet."

"What happened to him?"

"He had a heart attack. I never mentioned it to you?" No. You didn't because you were stuck to Ivanna's side and simply ignored me.

"No, you never did." I gave him a quick glance.

He grabbed my hand, kissed it and held it on his thigh.

We were right around Wigmore Street and quite close to my school. "What time do you want me to pick you up?" he asked.

"In three hours?" I bit my lip as I looked at him. His thumb was making slow rhythmic circles on my palm. He had a habit of doing this and it never failed to make me so aware of him.

"Splendid. I'll be out here when you come out cara mia." My beloved.

"Okay, see you then Blake. Thanks for dropping me off." I gave him a quick smile before letting myself out of the car.

This is going to be beyond weird...but I must peddle forward.

Walking towards my Fashion Marketing class, Aloy came up next to me and greeted me cheerily. "What's up gal? You don't look ready for class." She's a pretty Asian with an unusual nickname. Yep, it isn't her real name (it's Ana) but she was nicknamed that. I do think Aloy suits her better. It's unique and peculiar like the woman herself. I met her during our class last semester and we hung out a few times during lunch in between classes.

"Yeah, well last night was eventful to say the least. How have you been?" I eyed her outfit, she always has a great funky ensemble and I loved it. Sometimes I get all into it but most days I just keep it safe like today. The only color I have is the bright orange scarf amongst all the black.

"I'm superb dahling! My sister is visiting me from Boston and she's arriving tonight. Want to hang out with us? We might need another sidekick to get some male attention. My sister is the shy type, sadly."

This is what I like about her, she's straightforward. I smiled, "I would love to meet your sister but no can do babe. My friend is going to be discharged from the hospital tomorrow so that will be taking up most of my time for the next few days."

Aloy pouted. "Oh, bummer! Do text me if you change your mind then."

"Definitely will," I replied as we entered class. The class was three hours and I only have it once a week, thank goodness. I hate three hour classes and I tend to daydream when it gets boring.

Exactly an hour and half after the class started, our teacher, Mrs. Luton called a recess for thirty minutes.

"I'm going to Starbucks, want to join me?" I asked Aloy who was diligently tapping away on her phone. That thing kept vibrating the entire time during class.

"Heck yes! I need a caffeine fix."

"So you'll have more energy for texting the next hour? Who are you talking to?" We're walking out on the damp street. I suppose it rained while we were inside the building. I love London during cold rainy months. It's part of its charm and allure.

"Bass, the guy I met over the weekend. It's still in its early stages. Nothing major...you know...although he's cute...I don't know yet." She was blushing and I found that endearing. She acted with total nonchalance but she was clearly more than interested in him.

"Yup. Nothing major but cute-got it."

She opened the door to let us inside Starbucks and I was grateful for the warmer cozier climate in the small cafe. "Hey, Sienna-I have to step outside really quick. My mom's calling." She showed me the flashing phone screen.

"No prob. What did you want? I'll get it for you."

"I want a Grande Caramel Macchiato with extra shot," she called out before pushing the heavy door to step outside.

There were four more people ahead of me in the line. I kept repeating what she wanted in my head just in case I forget it, which I sometimes do-I have a bad case of forgetting things.

"Long time no see stranger," a voice said behind me. Was he talking to me or he's on the phone talking to someone?

I quickly spun around and saw a smirking Troy. My, my, the man still looked like a sex bomb.

"Heeey-how are you?" I greeted him with a firm hug. He smelled marvelous, masculine and sexy. I smirked because I know you can't smell sexy but with Troy, it's literally oozing out of his pores.

"I'm fantastic, although I did wait for your call with bated breath to no avail."

Yeah....about that...Blake capsized my brain and couldn't remember anything about that entire weekend (due to excessive orgasms) and the catastrophe that followed almost a week later.

"I uh-had a lot going on. It was chaotic and with a shitload of crap. Well-actually no, there's still a lot of crap going about. I can't seem to prevent it from happening."

The line moved ahead and I was the next customer. Aloy's still outside talking on her phone.

"I shan't need more chaos in my life and yet I tend to stumble upon them. Quite lovely they are and it's hard not to enlist in the chaos. I suppose I should give myself a pat on the shoulder then, should I?" he jested. His sexy grin distracted me for a second.

"Umm sure." Lame...you're so lame, I scolded myself. Seriously, do you want to flirt with disaster? Aren't Blake and Kyle enough shitstorm for you? Damn and double damn.

When it was my turn to order, Troy took over and paid for all three coffees and wouldn't let me pay for any.

"You didn't have to do that, I could pay you know." He ushered us in an empty couch/lounge section that was tucked on the corner overlooking the street. I can easily see Aloy laughing as she spoke on the phone. I smiled at her. She's always in a good mood-must be nice to be that upbeat and optimistic on a daily basis.

"I know-but I want to. It's only coffee, Sienna."

"You're right. I'm being silly." His phone rang, it was his agent. He excused himself for a bit while he took the call outside.

I was surprised to see him. I haven't seen him in what? Almost three months? London is a small town really. You bump into people you know all the time in the most unexpected places. But seriously, seeing Troy was a nice surprise. I forgot how good looking he was.

Blake's the supreme Adonis, a total godlike reincarnation, an absolute sexy perfection concoction....and my beautiful addiction.

Kyle's ruggedly handsome with a bad boy persona, has the magic fingers and has the angst-filled emo (raspy) voice and fabulously plays the guitar.

Troy's an epitome of a scruffy uber sexy badass with long hair (ties it on at the back of his nape like how Becks did back in the day), has solid six-pack abs, and is one of the good guys.

Difficult is it not? But it's obvious where my heart belongs to. Sigh.

"Hey! So-so sorry, Mom took forever! Thank you for getting my coffee." She took a look sip and made an "ahhhh" afterwards.

"Don't thank me babe-thank the man who's walking back inside."

Aloy looked confused and grinned like schoolgirl when Troy sat across her. "This is Troy-an old friend and the one you should thank for the coffee," I explained. "Troy, this is Aloy my friend from school."

She totally blushed and fumbled with her words.

Gah, I totally get how she feels. I remembered the first time I met him with Chad.

"So, did your agent call you for another gig?" I addressed the amused man next to me.

"Actually, yes I have work tomorrow and need to fly out to Malaga and come back Monday." Spain, he'll be in Spain...and only forty to forty-five minutes away give or take from Marbella-awesomeness.

"That's great Troy. Chad and I are actually going to be in Marbella too. Well, Chad will be staying for a month or two I believe." Depending on how he is and how he's coping after his suicide attempt. My gut churned remembering him lying in the hospital bad after I got that call.

"Brilliant! If I get the chance maybe I could see you both and we can go have dinner." Chad would love that. He adores Troy and his gorgeous body.

"Chad would absolutely love that. Call us-we'd love to meet with you. Anyhow, we have to get back to class." Aloy and I stood up. Troy gave me a quick hug and kissed both of my cheeks. He did the same to Aloy and she looked like she was about to faint.

Once we were out on the side street and walking towards our building, she squealed. "OH MY GOD, what the f**k. What the f**k!!! I squirted a little in my pants when he kissed my cheeks! Holy shit of shits-that man was beautiful."

I guffawed at her reaction. "He is hot-you should see his body. The man has an amazing six-pack." She had the "are you f**king kidding me?" look.

"I kid you not-he does. He's a model. You should look him up. Google Troy Scott and his abs will pop up." We giggled.

"Uhhhh I'm in love! I'm in love with Troy Scott!" she sighed dreamily.

I smiled and wrapped an arm around her shoulder. "Come on lovey dovey, we have a class to get to. You can fantasize about him once you're nicely seated."

I have another hour until I Blake picks me up. God, what am I doing? I could've stopped myself from sleeping with Kyle but I didn't. It's a bit awful to have sex with someone knowing your heart belongs to someone else. It comes down to technicality and it becomes just plain old shagging as the Brits would put it.

I want to text Kyle but I didn't know what to say. Maybe I should see him in person and check if he's okay. I could drop by and say hi later tonight or tomorrow before Chad gets discharged.

15

Blake

Sienna was silent the whole drive to the hospital. She kept biting her bottom lip and picking at her nails.

I took her hand and placed it on my thigh. I needed to feel her even if it was just her hand. She didn't resist when I pulled her hand away and held it. It seemed to calm her I think, she stopped fidgeting. Her hand was soft and warm. I love everything about this woman even her fickle heart.

I asked my assistant, Luke to join us to travel with us to Marbella. I think he could be good for Chad. Luke openly swings in the other side of the court and possibly could help Chad sort his thoughts out.

The only thing that I'm afraid of is if Chad tries to pull another stunt and succeeds the next time. He requires a good amount of help and I'm going to make sure he gets it and then some. He needs a resilient support system around him. We mean for him to see and feel that all of us are with him through this difficult time. We cannot fail him, not this time around.

My schedule is hectic and I will be travelling a lot but I will make sure that he has Luce, Toby and Sienna with him as much as possible.

Parking the car swiftly on the side of the road, I got out and opened the door for Sienna.

We immediately crossed the road and went inside the hospital. Upon opening the door to Chad's room he exclaimed with annoyance, "Glad for you people to show up, especially you Brazilian."

Sienna jumped on the bed and gave him a peck on the lips and squeezed both of his cheeks. "I've missed you too booger."

"I was here yesterday. Your annoyance applies to her not me," I said, beaming at them both.

Chad pouted. "I'm so ready to get out of this white-walled hiding place. I want the sun and fresh breeze on my face-and the hot Spanish inquisition in bright colored nut-hugging Speedos." He beamed vibrantly. "So, what's up chica? What's the latest four-one-one, babylove?"

Sienna's smile wavered, "I'll tell you all about it tomorrow. We're here to speak to Dr. Hill and arrange your discharge tomorrow morning. Let's focus on that." She looked off. So, I interjected before Chad raised more questions.

"I will have Robert pick up Sienna and drive her here to pick you up. Then you two will go back to your studio in Camden so you can pack. When that's done, Robert will drive both of you lovely creatures to the airport where I'll be waiting."

Sienna looked at me, "I thought you'd be here tomorrow when I pick up Chad?"

I shook my head, "Sorry, I will be detained. I have a video conference at eight in the morning and another one around nine-thirty. I promise I'll be there to meet you two in the airport along with Toby and Luke, my assistant."

"Blake, did I tell you you're my hero?" the almost vibrant looking Chad said. He still looks a little pale and a tad fragile but he's regaining his strength. "You can thank me by getting better Chad. That's all I ask."

"I will-I'm really sorry to put everyone out on a limb." Chad returned to his somber state.

"Rubbish! Since we're discussing you getting better, a therapist will make a house visit once or twice a week, depending on how you're handling things. This is part of the bargain mate-so not a chance in Hades for you to back out."

"That's wonderful, Blake," my beautiful beloved exclaimed.

If only....I'm simply being fanciful but right now is not the time nor place to be doing so.

"Indeed," I murmured to both of them. They were both distracted catching up with one another.

We're back on the road driving her back to her apartment. Her spirits have been replenished by seeing Chad. Apart from his apparent weight loss and weakened state, his personality is back to being happy and vivacious.

"Do you want to eat somewhere? It's almost five thirty, I'm sure you're famished."

"Thanks but I have other plans for tonight." She was staring at the window.

Plans with whom...Kyle? I wanted to inquire but held my tongue in check. She wouldn't appreciate being interrogated like that.

I gripped the steering wheel harder. Bloody hell, compose yourself Knightly.

"I see, as you wish." I can't see. All I hear and see is my darkened jealousy and my blood pulsating like a manic boor.

I took hold of my phone and dialed Toby before I combust in wrath and ire. "Are you available for a few lagers?"

He laughed, "Sure mate. Lucy's driving my head in and I'm going bonkers."

"See you in thirty minutes then at the usual spot." I ended the call and was about to put it away when it rang again.

"Knightly," I bit out.

"Have I caught you in a terrible moment?" William Knightly II graciously spoke. Give it to granddad to mock me at the most uncertain times. If I didn't love the stubborn man, I would've retaliated.

I scoffed, "Apologies grandfather, it's been quite frantic for the past few days."

"That comes with the territory lad. I must say that frantic is rather endearing, you will stumble upon greater quandaries much later on in the business. Hence the nature of my call, I want to congratulate you with the rather smooth acquisition of the Australian mining company. I've tried countless of times to close the gargantuan deal for the past two years but miserably failed. But you-my dear child-did it in two weeks. That's quite astonishing. I suppose the old man trained you superbly well, eh?" he chuckled.

"You did and quite excellently sire, I am eternally in your gratitude."

He chuckled throatily at my response, "Don't be silly child, you are my blood and my heir. Your brilliance runs profoundly through our veins as did your departed father's. Do see me when you get back from Dubai, we have much to discuss." William sounded rather tired. I do hope he's been taking care of himself. I need to see his assistant and make sure things are running smoothly in his household. I'm sure they are but I want to ease my mind and conscience. I will not forgive myself if he's been neglecting himself and I didn't do much to abate it.

"I certainly will, Grandfather. I'll come straight to England after Dubai. I will see you Saturday."

William cleared his throat-it was evident that he's smoking his favorite Cuban cigars from his labored breathing. "Splendid! I will buoyantly await your arrival." After another minute of bidding safe travels, we ended the call. My granddad is a brilliant wise man and I pay heed to his knowledgeable opinions and guidance.

My cell rang again. "Such a busy man you are Blake."

I glanced at the lovely woman beside me. "Indeed, my sweet." I kissed her hand and kept it with me.

"Knightly," I barked, picking up the blasted call that kept me from being with her.

"Alas, if it isn't the notorious Romeo of the twenty-first century, bloody f**king Knightly finally picking up my call." Clive Barrington greeted me with derision.

Bugger, calling him back escaped my mind, yet again.

"I assure you, it was purely unmitigated bypass of consciousness, dear cousin. Are you about town? Watson and I are meeting at The Stag." Clive is three years our senior. So he took the liberty of becoming our teenage mentor, a mentor for all our mischievous devilry and atrocities.

"By all means, I could do with a pint or a dozen. I'll be on my merry way then my dearest baby cousin."

"You arse, a baby I'm certainly not. My memory can't expunge the absurdity of you getting caught exposed and undressed in a nudist party which disgracefully landed you on the front page of scandal rags," I laughed at his silliness. His scandal along with other socialites hit the National Enquirer with mad uproar and quite the backlash.

"Need we rehash my nefarious string of follies? My noble parents certainly are in dire need of new rubbish to ostracize and castigate. It's strenuous and I'm going barmy," Clive grumbled.

"You do sound unbalanced but alas I'm driving, I'll see you in a bit. We can carry on at The Stag and hear your rather boring life." Ending the call with a rather more jovial mood than the state I was in before taking both calls. And both came from family mind you.

The aristocratic Barrington's are similar to the Watson's but rather a tad bit more rational. Henry and Blanche Barrington most likely shared a coronary attack after the story was exposed.

My second cousin, Clive Barrington, heir to a massive shipping fortune, is known for his notorious fixation to having and living the fast life. The media adores him and he basks in the adoration. But most of all, Clive was famous for sporting two girlfriends at all times. Next to him, I'm a bloody f**king saint.

"Was that your infamous blonde cousin?" my ever silent beloved asked.

We were a minute or two away from her place. "Si cara mia. I'm meeting him for drinks after I drop you off."

Sienna snorted, "I'm sure both of you go rampant when you're together. It's rather uncanny how both of you are playboys and have a thing for threesomes with insipid beauties." Her derisive sarcasm grated me. My lightened mood vanished instantly from her obvious disdain.

"Right darling, darting daggers at my impropriety...when you-my love-were the one who indulged in an all-nighter shag fest two nights after you had begged for my c**k to f**k you until your were vapidly mindless from orgasms, milady." I retorted.

She gasped, wide-eyed and appalled by my counter-quip. "Fuck you, Blake! Seriously, you and I have nothing to discuss. Apart from being civilized around our friends and our common goal with Chad, do not ever f**king talk to me. Save your stupid, crappy declaration of love. I don't need this shit." She screamed like a banshee, angrily opened the door and stepped out of the car and haughtily marched towards her building.

Bloody f**king Jesus, Mary and Joseph! Sienna is without a doubt the most infuriating, exasperating, unreasonable, and incongruous and the most unpredictable woman this entire planet has ever beheld!

Fine, be it. Blast my incorrigible affections towards her. How many times do I have to be scornfully dismissed and rejected before my thick-headed skull accepts the bare truth-that Sienna will never, ever be mine?

At times, a man has to learn and admit defeat.

16

Sienna

Opening the building door, I quickly turned left and leaned against the cool marble wall. Truth hurts but when spoken out loud, it obliterates you in half.

I should've kept my opinions to myself but my ever colorful imagination got the best of me. I was getting used to being friendly with him and my irrational self had to go put a damper on it.

I wanted to meet Kyle before I leave for Marbella but decided against it. Instead, I shot him a text message.

Me: Hi. I'm leaving tomorrow with everyone except for Luce. I'm sorry but I don't think I can continue being stuck in this odd position I am now. I need to be alone and deal with my feelings with Blake first. I'm sorry Kyle. I didn't want it to be like this but I don't have a choice. Take care.

It is better this way, I tried to convince myself.

Since I will head straight to the airport after picking up Chad, I immediately started packing. The plan was for me to stay there for five days to a week, depending on how Chad is doing and how accommodating my teachers are. I promised them that I would at least show up for a class once or twice every two weeks. On top of that, I have to turn in my assignments on time.

I decided to hit the sack at nine p.m. I pressed play on my music player and the sound of Pavane by Pablo Segovia Gardel eased my tension. I fell into a deep, peaceful sleep thinking how surreal; I haven't listened to baroque guitar music in awhile....and how odd that it was the first thing that popped up....

Robert, Blake's chauffer, rang exactly at nine in the morning. I was half-dressed and decided to down my lukewarm coffee. I woke up at eight-ish and lounged around in my half awakened state. By the time I hit the shower, it was twenty before nine. I was in panic mode and I didn't get the chance to put any make-up on. I was dressed in all white with nude Louboutin pumps on. I donned a bright lavender pashmina scarf on to give a splash of color. I left my wet hair down because I didn't get the chance to properly dry it.

With my aviator shades on, I dragged my luggage out the door. Luce quickly shooed me away and promised she will visit in a couple of days. She looked downright haggard. Love has its ups and downs and she's obviously in the down department. How I wish she can just forget about what Toby's parents want and follow her heart.

By the time I reached Chad, he was impatiently tapping his foot on the floor. "Babe-I'm so happy that you're finally out! You look like my Chad with your painted jeans on and sweater. Good riddance hospital garb."

"I thought you changed your mind about picking me up or you were still passed out. But seeing how wet your hair is, I'm assuming that you simply lagged and processed everything this morning like you had a virus or something."

"Whoa, why in the world would I change my mind about picking you up? We're all in this together. Don't forget that okay? Drill it in your beautiful head that we are not going away because the going gets tough. So, just stop it with the pity party because you're stuck with me for the next few days."

Looking radiant, he grabbed my arm and we exited the building. Robert awaited us and graciously opened the door. "Good day sire, I'm Robert. Mr. Knightly instructed me to take you back to your flat and drive you both to Gatwick."

"Hello Robert, I'm Chad. It's great to meet you," he acknowledged as we both slid into the awaiting Bentley and into the cool confines of soft black leather seats.

"Isn't Blake the best babygirl? I mean hell look at what he's doing for me? He's been so, so good. I feel like I'm going to cry every time I think about what he's done so far. Who would've thought the man has a heart of pure gold? You'd think with all that wealth and aristocratic handsomeness that he would be a twit deep down but lo and behold, the man surpasses everything beyond belief."

I sighed. He was right, but I didn't feel like agreeing and gushing about the great Blake Knightly.

"Silence is golden they say....but aren't you a wee bit regretful turning him down? I mean-come on-Blake proposed and you don't look bothered at all." My friend kept ranting on.

Great, why don't we swap sex stories right where dear old Robert can hear you loud and clear Chad? I wanted to yell but held my tongue.

I don't look bothered, seriously? What the hell was I supposed to do when you find out the man you fell for lied and never once uttered a word about being betrothed? I couldn't just put that aside because I was deeply hurt. We needed time apart and see if being together was something I-we-wanted.

"That's water under the bridge babe. It is what it is." Chad would be appalled how things unfolded after he got admitted in the hospital. But I was saving that overloaded chitchat for when he's settled and happy.

"Seriously, Sienna... I love you but you can be really dumb and stupid sometimes."

What the f**k? Did he really just say that? Grrrr....

"Excuse me?" I glared at his serious expression.

"I do love you babygirl, but this man seriously loved you and you let him go. You're going to cry foul when he finds happiness elsewhere. When you realize how much you need him, he'll be the one to dump your nicely shaped, beautiful ass."

"What do you think, Robert?" Chad asked Blake's driver. I wanted to kick his scrotum sack right then and there.

"Err pardon but were you asking my opinion of Ms. Sienna's bottom, sire?" Hell is a bitch they say. I am beyond red with embarrassment.

"That too-but her turning down your handsome boss like Blake Knightly didn't matter."

Blake mattered, damn it. Chad just doesn't get it. But I didn't want to get riled up when my dear friend is starting to live again. If he thinks my love life is something to be ridiculed at the moment-which it surely is-then I'll let him have a ball with it. I gave up glaring at Chad!

"My sire is a lovely chap. You must be a very special woman if the young sire chose you, Ms. Sienna."

"Uh...thank you," I murmured, mortified.

The trip to Chad's studio was quick. He basically threw everything in his luggage without bother. It was either he doesn't care about packing properly or he wants to immediately leave. I'm assuming it's the latter. Too many ghosts lying around London that he hasn't exorcised yet.

When we met the trio at Gatwick, they were rather gloomy and dismal except for Luke. He and Chad got on instantly. They looked like they knew each other for a long time. I'm sure Blake briefed him about Chad and what's happened. I hoped Luke can talk to him about what he's going through and can shed a different light on our disheartened man.

Do all g*ys go through the same situation about coming out and coming to terms with their sexual identity? I mean it's hard enough to go through life itself, but add another problem with your sexuality being shunned by your family? That's a lot to take. I know that parents influence their children from the very start and we, us kids, strive hard to please and make our parents proud of us. Their opinion and approval matter. I suppose some parents are understanding and give their full love and support to those who come out of the closet. But if you come across with parents who are like Chad's, how can one survive without stripping yourself bare with hurt, pain and rejection?

We were ushered to a private departure area and boarded Blake's Gulfstream jet. I took in the luxurious soft-hued interior and was overwhelmed by the blatant opulence of my surroundings.

Blake certainly rotates in another orbit. I mean there are people who are living comfortably (me) and then there are people who live with all the comfort that wealth can offer (Blake), the great divide. It must be nice to have a private jet at your beck and call.

I sat next to the glum looking Toby who looked worse for wear. Across from me sat Luke and Chad. Blake was situated on the other opposite side of the plane going through papers and barking out orders on his phone.

A giggly stewardess greeted Toby and I looked up to check who it was. Well, surprise surprise, if it isn't the infamous Ivanna-dressed to the nines with what looked like a stewardess uniform and an Hermes scarf stylishly wrapped around her neck.

"Ivanna, we meet again. What a lovely surprise," Toby drawled (he sounded so fake).

"Yes, good to see you too and you as well Sienna." I gave her a frown/smile. I don't what that must've looked like but that's what it felt like. When she moved past us and went over to Blake's, I looked away.

"You and Luce looked like shit," Chad observed.

I glanced over to his poor state. The boyish easy charm was gone. He looked utterly haunted.

"She broke up with me and I couldn't do much about it," Toby quietly admitted with grief.

"Shut the front door!" Chad exclaimed. "You guys didn't! I saw her yesterday and she didn't say a word. What the hell you guys! No one tells me any juice anymore." Chad pouted and was about to sulk but snapped out of it. He reached for Toby's hand, "Whatever Lucy's on, she'll come out of it soon enough. She loves you hun."

"I doubt that, my family did a superb job in slashing my love life to shreds," he said and focused on work once his laptop came to life.

Dear God, I hate seeing them like this. Everything was downright depressing. With all this shit storm that we've endured, surely there's a light at the end of the tunnel?

It was our third day in Marbella. Blake left for the Middle East the other day which left us with Toby. Luce was supposed to arrive yesterday but moved it back when she learned Blake was going to be in town Saturday. She promised to fly with him.

Toby was utterly miserable and was drunk on a nightly basis. All he does is blabber about his life and complain about Lucy. Sometimes lovingly but most times he wasn't so kind and forgiving.

We just finished our lunch on the terrace overlooking the magnificent Mediterranean Sea. The ten bedroom villa with tennis court, enormous pool and a helipad was purely breathtaking. It was Spanish architecture meets cool contemporary. There was a lot of glass and open space. The deep purple bougainvillea certainly made this sprawling dreamy house even more enchanting.

"Your therapist should be here in a few minutes," I told Chad. "Are you ready babe?" I eyed his frowning face.

"No-but it is what it is. My last chance-what could go wrong? I hope this helps me. Will you go with me as an emotional support? It would help a great deal."

"It isn't your last chance, hon. It's all up to you if you want it to be or not. If you wish me to be there then who am I to say no to my best g*y friend?" I squeezed his shoulders to give him assurance.

Dr. Lauren Murray was in her mid-sixties and had lovely cropped, salt-and-pepper hair. Her eyes would crinkle on the sides every time she smiled (a good sign). Her warm brown eyes made me feel instantly right at home. Chad looked a bit relieved.

After she finished with the basics, she started to probe Chad. "Let's start with your childhood. How was it growing up with devoted Christian parents and being an only child?"

"It was okay I guess. Sometimes I would get pangs of jealousy when I saw other kids play with their siblings but my parents didn't want another child. They said it was too much for them. One kid was perfect they said. I think they put too much hope in me because I was their only kid."

I sat quietly looking at Chad and held his hand for encouragement.

"Did that hope turn into pressure?"

"Yes, it definitely did. If my grades were not stellar, they would make me study another hour or two before I could eat dinner. There was constant pressure for me to be perfect. They wanted me to join and help out our church and I did. I did all they asked of me....until I realized that there was something different about me."

Dr. Murray listened intently and nodded her head indicating for him to go on.

"The bible states that a union is between a man and a woman. I think I was around seven or nine-I'm not so sure but it was around that age. I was a boy and I didn't find any of the girls I knew cute...this was the age when boys my age would scope out girls and blush around them-but I didn't feel of that. The only time I blushed was when I saw Jack Meyers. That got me thinking but I didn't voice it out to anyone. I knew even at a young age my parents wouldn't be pleased about that.

So, I went on with keeping it a secret. When middle school rolled in, my choices in music and clothing geared towards poppy female items. Music wise, I was an avid Madonna and Cindy Lauper fan. My clothing was flashy and fashionable and boys my age noticed the difference. The bullying started in eighth grade and lasted throughout high school. My locker would be spray painted with the word 'FAG,' 'GAY,' 'SINNER' and 'HOMO.' It happened on an almost daily basis so I got used to it. In our small community, everyone knew I was indeed g*y but no one ever mentioned this to my parents. People avoided it like it was the big elephant in the room. People from school stayed clear out of me. They thought being close to me would get them a disease or something. So, I was pretty much alone most of the time.

During senior year, I went home late one time because I was so engrossed with my photography project that I didn't realize it was already almost six at night. I remembered rushing to the parking hoping my parents wouldn't give me crap about being tardy for dinner. The parking lot was littered with the school football team. They just ended practice and were about to go home as well. One of them hooted and they all started calling me names. They waited for me to respond or show any reaction but I didn't and kept on walking towards my car. Before I reached the handle of my car door, I was slammed so hard against it that my car window shattered. The impact made me lose consciousness. When I woke up, I was laying face-down on the gravel naked and had profane words written all over my body and a plastic bottle stuck inside my ass. I dragged my aching body to the nearest fountain and rubbed off the marks from my face and arms. I didn't bother about my legs and chest because I could scrub it off once I got in the shower.

When I got home, my parents gave me hell for being late and irresponsible. I didn't argue with them because they wouldn't understand. Once I was in the shower, I bawled my eyes out and asked God why he made me this way, why he made me g*y. If he loved me, why would he put me in so much anguish and suffering?

The thought of moving far away occurred to me that night. I chose London because it was in another continent and they accept my kind more openly. I mean they allow same sex marriage, what could go wrong? The minute I left home, I felt free and the opportunities were endless, I was euphoric. For five years my life started to mold and took form in London. I learned to accept myself and started to love what I am. It was not about God's hate why I am g*y. There was no point in blaming things that were out of my control. I realized that the whole point of my existence was to simply accept myself for what I am. And I did-until my parents called me after they learned of my "secret."

The things they said were beyond what I could take. At one point, I almost convinced myself that their opinions didn't matter an inch. But it did, deep in my heart, it frustratingly did. The only solace was to get drunk and get high on drugs. It worked for awhile and my constant gambling helped distract me from my life. The last call from my mother broke the camel's back. Every bubble of feelings I had from back home resurfaced with two-horned vengeance. I was drowning but couldn't tell anyone what I was going through. The night I decided to finish my life I had a moment of clarity and I felt at peace. It seemed to make sense then....that the only thing that could take away this burning pain and agony was to end my life. It was the perfect answer and I took it with joy."

My tears were flowing freely and I wasn't even bothered by it. Chad's frightening story made me angry at his parents for not protecting him-for not accepting him.

"I am saddened to learn you think that ending your life was the answer to your problem. How did it feel when you woke up and realized that your attempt at suicide didn't succeed?"

"I was angry at first. But when I saw all of my friends looking sad and bereft, it dawned on me that I didn't want to see them like that because of me. I didn't even stop for a second to think about how they would feel or how they would take it. I was so bitter and full of my own emotional battle that it was hard to see past it."

"So, you're saying your friends are the reason why you want to live again?"

"Yes and no. I mean I love them all. The past few weeks showed how much they love and support me. I've never had that, ever. The feeling of being loved for who I am overcame everything else. I thought if they believed in me, why couldn't I put that much faith in getting better? If my parents didn't accept me then there wasn't much I could do about it. But my friends-my own small family-did and I couldn't let them down again. I mean I survived the bullying in high school, why can't I survive this one? I had to dig deep and pulled out my 'grown-up man suit' and simply face life again....even if I will be screaming 'fuck you' to life....but at least I have to start somewhere."

"That's a great optimistic outlook, Chad. I'm happy that you see how much your friends love you. You're a very lucky man to have great friends. Others aren't quite as lucky."

"I know and I'm very grateful for that."

17

Sienna

"How does it make you feel listening to Chad speak about his past, Sienna?" Her shrewd eyes landed on me.

"I feel awful and have no words to describe how much I feel-I feel so much at this moment. I mean, when I met him the first time, he was so vibrant and so full of life. Hearing how he was being bullied in school and still survived the way he did...he's remarkably brave. I don't know what I would've done if it happened to me."

"What drew you together? I'm assuming you are close friends, best of friends perhaps?"

"Best of friends, we have our love for dancing in common and that's where we met. My parents died at an early age-so we connected somehow with his lack of parental support. I have insurmountable guilt from the moment I learned of his suicide. I was so caught up with my own turmoil that I didn't see how bad it was for him."

"I understand that feeling, my dear but it wasn't your fault. You must realize that." I nodded not knowing what to say.

"Tell me more about your background if you don't mind, Sienna? I want to understand the depth of your connection with Chad and why he chose you to be here for him and not anyone else. From what I gathered earlier, there are five of you in this group of friends but Chad chose you."

I cleared my throat and spoke. "My mother died giving birth to me and my dad raised me as a single parent. He died when I was seven and I had to move in to live with my father's sister in Los Angeles. She has a family of her own and they weren't too pleased to take on an orphan but they didn't have a choice but to take me in. I moved out the minute I got my high school diploma and left to study in London. My dad made wise investments with his money and made a small fortune. He even set aside a college fund, so studying abroad was an easy escape route, very much like Chad's."

"Living with your father's sister was pleasant and had a loving atmosphere?" Dr. Murray went on.

"No-she and her husband were quite abusive, physically and mentally. The only thing that kept me going was the thought of Kyle, my childhood best friend, who was there after each brutal lashing."

"Lashing...with what precisely?"

"Whichever came in handy then-a belt or a sturdy malleable stick but their favorite was a shotgun cleaner. It's a long spiral metal rod with fine bristled metal husks to clean the inside nozzle of the gun. The metal husks pierce the skin with each hit. It can be extremely painful if the beating lasts awhile. The lashings only came when they felt like I needed to be punished like let's say I didn't finish my dinner or didn't finish my homework. On the other lighter days, the punishment would be me kneeling on pebbles, grains, or beer bottle caps nailed upside down on a large, thick piece of wood-sometimes with only my underclothes or sometimes with clothing for up to eight hours at times-it really depends."

"My word and you said you were only seven years old when these started?" She looked startled and horror-struck. Even Chad gasped loudly. I spoke about it to all of them but just gave the abbreviated version and not much detail. There was no point in hiding my dark past when Chad spewed bravely about his own demons.

"Yes...though in the beginning, it started out small. It started out with spanking with their hands or locking me inside a tiny linen closet for six hours or so. But as I grew older, the punishment became more intense and traumatizing."

"Did anyone help you at all? Did you speak to a counselor at school? Or anyone for that matter?"

"No, not one adult helped. Even my teachers saw how badly I was beaten. A few occasions during school days, my legs would have a lot of dried, crusty blood in them or at times my socks would be soaked in blood. Once, they voiced some concern but they were being paid off by my Aunt and Uncle. After that, no one voiced any concern again. The only thing I had constantly in my life was Kyle. He tried to help me too but I told him not to. We were young and I was scared that no one would believe me and I would end up getting more punished once the Brown's found out that I told on them. During the years, I accepted my fate and didn't even try to question it anymore."

"You have quite a past too, Sienna. I see now why you and Chad are drawn to each other. The type of abuse you two went through is different. But at the end of the day, scars are scars."

"Oh my God, Sienna-the story you told us was a little different," Chad said. "I mean sure-you mentioned about the beating and being an abused child but never to this extent. I can't imagine a seven year old girl scared out of her wits being locked in a tiny linen closet for six hours." He held me tight through our tears.

"This indeed showed a different light to your friendship. You see Chad, even though you are going through a different type of battle, you should always remember the type of battle your friend is going through as well. I can see that she is still trying to heal and may have a long way to go after years of being an abused child-but she is still trying and moving forward."

She shook her head and held her chest. "I spanked my kids a few times on their bottoms when they were driving me purely manic. But I profusely apologized immediately to my younglings. But right now, I imagine them being seven years old again without anyone to help them-and being treated in such a way-my heart is purely gutted. I really think you should seek someone to talk to Sienna. It might help sort some things out."

I sniffed. "Thank you. I might just do that. I have to think it through first."

"Chad-this has been a very good productive day. I will be back on Monday and we will continue then." She stood up and they quietly left the sunny living room.

I looked through the windows and studied the beautiful landscape but I couldn't see a thing.

My tears were unstoppable.

When Chad returned, Toby was with him. "What the hell happened, Chad? Did someone hurt her? Why are you both crying?" his puzzled voice amused me but it was impossible to say so through my weeping.

Toby sat next to me and cradled my head to his chest. "Hush now, love-there is no man on earth worth crying over like this." Really, a man...is that the best he could do?

"Now you're just being an idiot," Chad said. "Sienna joined me during therapy and ended up sharing her heartbreaking child abuse story. I'm so sorry Sienna-I didn't expect for it to go that way."

"No-it needed to be out there. It's about time," I said in between hiccups.

Chad sat on the other side of Toby and we all huddled together until Chad's and my sobs subsided.

The three of us prepared dinner together. During dinner my phone rang and I absentmindedly took it without paying attention to the caller.

"Hello?"

"Is this Ms. Sienna Richards?" A firm woman spoke. "Yes, this is she-"

"Hello, Sienna! I'm Tina Goldsmith and I'm the lawyer for Edith Galley. My client used to work for Mr. Dante Brown. To get to the point, Mr. Brown physically assaulted and abused Ms. Galley two months ago. There are pictures to prove the incident did happen. We are building a case and we learned that you lived in their household until you turned eighteen. Now, Ms. Richards, I was hoping to see if you would be so inclined to help us and tell us exactly what type of a man Mr. Brown is? It would solidify the case and your testimony would mean a great deal to Ms. Galley. Mr. Brown needs help and by proving him guilty, he would exactly get that plus a great deal of punishment."

"Wow, that's a lot of information to take in. I understand, I truly do-but I can't do this right now. Is it possible for me to call you back later on next week? Right now really is not the right time for me."

"Thank you, Ms. Richards. That would be generous of you if you can truly help us. I will send you a text message with my information. Thanks again!" she said before ending the call.

"Care to enlighten us about that odd call?" Toby waited for my reply as did Chad.

"That was a lawyer for an employee who used to work for my uncle. She claims that my uncle physically assaulted and abused her. They are working up a solid case against him and have physical evidence to prove it. They need my testament to make it air tight with no chance in hell of my uncle running away with his violent tendencies."

"Amazing! Karma's a bitch and your f**king uncle is up next!" Chad said haughtily.

"Are you planning to give a statement?" Chad asked. "I know it's none of my business but I do think you should really do this-for your own sake and for those people he abused as well. I know your Aunt and Uncle are both callous sadistic people and they both deserve to rot in the cellar. But if you can put your uncle there, why not do it? He certainly doesn't deserve pity. Anyone who hurts women-let alone a small child-indubitably deserves punishment. You have to do this, Sienna. It's supremely important that you do."

"I will-I don't think I can allow him to hurt another person. If I don't do this....how many children or women is he going to inflict harm upon?" I announced with conviction. That bastard deserves it and don't I know it.

After the eventful dinner, we all voted to watch Under the Tuscan Sun with Diane Lane to end our night. The thought of Toby obliging us with a chick flick was definitely a sign he felt badly for us. He usually grumbles and complains about the genre-but tonight-he was the perfect companion.

Not once did Toby touch alcohol. I suppose our crying stint sobered him up quickly.

After the movie, we all went straight to bed. I was exhausted from all the crying.

Sleep couldn't come soon enough.

"Help...anyone....please," my small defeated voice pleaded as I pounded through the thick oak door.

It was Papa's one month death anniversary.

"Can you stop with the stupid loud pounding, you little rat? No one is letting you out. So, shut up and let me concentrate in watching my show!" my cousin Caroline hissed furiously against the linen closet door.

My shirt was soaked with tears and it was starting to feel chilly inside the closet. I bunched up my tiny fists and slammed it against the door again. "I didn't mean to be late waking up. I'm sorry! I promise I won't do it again! My small fist pounded a little harder, until I had no more strength.

After another hour of crying, my body started to furiously shiver.

"Papa....why did you have to leave me with them?" I spoke in a whisper.

"Papa, please come back. I need you...." my tiny voice pleaded.

I immediately woke up startled and turned on the lamp beside my bed. I was freely crying. Papa....

I haven't dreamt about that damn tiny closet in almost two years. Why are the dreams coming back now? The therapy definitely opened unhealed wounds and now they've resurfaced.

The only chance I have now is to brave it out and finally deal with it. Maybe Dr. Murray was right. It was high time I talk to someone about it. For almost thirteen years, I've bottled everything up. It's no wonder I'm so messed up.

I wanted to call Kyle, but I knew it wasn't fair to bother him at this odd hour. I would save that late night talk for when I really need to.

Turning off the lamp, I closed my eyes and slowed my breathing. I pictured my happy childhood with my father-him putting me to bed and reading my favorite bedtime story-him singing while he cooked us a meal with a huge grin-or when he taught me how to draw.

Memories of my father eased my troubled mind and put me back to sleep.

Sleep tight, my sweet pea....be strong...I love you....my dad's soft voice whispered through the darkened night.

18

Blake

It was already eight at night when I left my grandfather's estate just outside of London. Our conversation focused solely on Knightly Industries and where I plan to take it in the next few years. I'm ambitious and I like to invest my energy in various fields.

William was impressed with what I envisage of the company's future. Since I tapped the mining industry in Australia, I want to expand our casinos across Europe and the Caribbean. I also want to explore more options for expanding our investments with crude oil, and I'm toying with the idea of doing business with Barrington's shipping. I knew that Clive will eventually start training very soon. I'd rather talk business with my notorious cousin instead of the pompous Henry. We own stocks in Barrington Shipping because my grandfather, William, married the glamorous Corrine Barrington. When she died, twenty percent of that stock went straight to my father. Corrine was the sister of Edward Barrington, Henry's father. Thus, Clive and I are second cousins.

Grandfather was pleased with the direction I have been leading our company. He knew I loved it as much as he did and wouldn't jeopardize it anyway. He had a lot of reservations of making me a CEO at such a young age but my record proved I was worth the risk. I was born and raised to run our company and I take it personally when things do not go according to plan.

In a week's time, I will turn twenty five and grandfather will officially announce that he is stepping down as CEO and will officially appoint me as his heir and successor. This is not new news but this how it's done in the business arena. Nothing is official until it is made official.

Toby plans to have a huge bash in Spain to celebrate my birthday and I obliged his request. My best man has been out of sorts from his recent parting with Lucy. I cannot fathom how two lovely and very much in love couple can be separated from a mild interception of Toby's parents. Rupert and Evelyn are ghastly and absurd. How can one feel threatened by that harebrained lot? Especially a sweet and strong-headed woman like Lucille Connelly?

Pulling out my mobile, I made a quick call to my pilot that I will be ready to leave London for Spain in an hour's time. The plan was for me to leave tomorrow morning but I feel restless from all the travelling I have been doing for the past few days. To be quite honest, I want to see Sienna even if she doesn't plan to speak to yours truly. It's pathetic and rather pitiful to resort to this unusual type of emotional torture but I did admit that I tend to me a masochist where Sienna is concerned.

Robert was weaving through traffic to get to Luce and Sienna's flat. She wanted to join me on the flight back to Marbella. I'm sure her delaying mechanism was to avoid Toby as much as she can. I don't blame her, well not really. Break-ups are wretched and it becomes even more disconcerting when you run in the same circle of friends. I witnessed Lucy and Toby fall in love. They met a friend's party in Knightsbridge and immediately were inseparable the day after. Literally the day after-they ate and made love for six whole days straight. I understand the whole concept of shagging a hot woman for six days straight but confine oneself with the woman for that long? It's rather unprecedented-well I thought then-but changed my view of the particular subject once I met Sienna. They claimed it was love at first sight, but where is that everlasting love now?

"Lovely, thank you." She thanked the stewardess who placed a glass of white wine and an assorted plate of snacks before her.

"You lost a lot of weight Luce. Have you been eating at all and not nibbling on your food?" Leisurely sitting across from her, I studied her gaunt looking face.

"I do eat, you cavalier man! I'd rather not banter with you for the next two hours whilst being confined in an airplane. That would bloody make me demented. A gentleman would leave the subject alone." She popped a grape in her mouth.

"I need not broach the subject again if that pleases you but do pay heed. I do have another query if you will oblige me, dear Lucy."

"Well hell, do go on. My curiosity is rather piqued."

"What really happened with Toby? I do need you to come forth with honesty and not some fabrication of sorts. I trust we're close enough that you will confide in me with confidence and certainty."

She took a sip of wine and shook her head. Luce looked vulnerable and conflicted. "I don't want to be the reason to break Toby and his family apart. Or the reason-if there is any possibility for that matter-for them to go bankrupt. You of all people know that I love him-I love him like no other. But I cannot live with myself if I put him in a situation where he will be forced to choose. That's quite a horrid position to be in and I do not want to be the person to do that to Toby." She toyed with her glass and watched the golden liquid swish about.

"Toby abhors his parents but does a proper job in concealing it," I explained. "His father, Rupert, gambles on a daily basis. The losses can sometimes be covered with the family business earnings and most times-if the loss is too substantial, it simply needs to come out of their bank balance. Evelyn gets a generous allowance from her side of the family. But most of that goes directly to frivolous expenditures. Keeping up appearances can be exhausting, most especially when there's not much money to go about to cover a gambling addiction and excessive spending by both parties.

"Toby was asked to cover Liam's private schooling expenses because his parents cannot be bothered with cutting their spending to benefit and educate their second son," I continued. "Upon learning this, I offered to help but Toby wouldn't have it. He's a proud man and wouldn't accept any handouts. When he sold his apartment, I stepped in and eased his burden. I hired him and proposed a better deal that would benefit us both.

"The man is going through a blockade of hurdles one after the other, but what got him through unscathed was your unyielding support. Toby exalts in your love and support, Luce. Since you left him, he's been obliterating his pain in alcohol. The man is desperate for you-he needs you. I implore you to bestow him again your unrelenting love and affection."

"That was a quite speech, Blake," Lucy began. "How in the bloody hell did Sienna manage to leave such a man? But to answer your plea-at this point, I cannot cross that particular bridge yet. He needs to sort through this exceptional circumstance he and his family are in. I'd rather not be in a middle of a family feud-even if the man included in the equation is Toby Watson."

I do understand her stance and I respect that. A woman who doesn't want to sway or intrude in a family's affairs is someone to be respected, even if the consequence is losing the man you love.

"I gathered a lot of the heated exchange you and your beloved spat about. You love her to distraction and yet...she keeps slipping off your manly fingers. What could a powerful man do?" She quirked a brow at me.

"A man-powerful or not-cannot simply do anything about it. One should pay heed to what a noble man should do-quietly walk away." I poured a glass of the rich burgundy wine that was being ignored for quite some time now.

I feel rather celebratory tonight. Apart from my failings in the romantic department, everything else in my life is succeeding. That is something to be applauded and commemorate.

"I guess a man of your stature and looks shan't worry much. Flocks of women are always easily acquired without even lifting a finger," Lucy said. "But I am not a soddy fool-you still love her. I see your blasted handsome face contort with agony each time I mention her name. You better take on a new mask, love because this one simply doesn't work."

My face split in a huge grin. The woman has a shrewd eye.

"I can't force her Luce-and even if I still do, what does it matter? I do and do not want her. Her sexual stint with Kyle did not bide with me well."

She puffed and folded her arms. "Only a chauvinistic man would say such thing. Do you not recall that you shagged two different women on the same day, Blake? Because I certainly do. It was quite epic really and I didn't even dare judge your character then. So what if Sienna did it-what? A day or two after? You dare crucify her for it?

"Even if her intentions were not to go through with it, given the circumstances of her being surrounded with rock stars and alcohol-do you not think Kyle would resist having that chance to be with her? He's in love with her too. If the roles were reversed, you would've done the very same thing. So, put aside your bigotry where I can't see it."

She was starting to get heated but even if I argued my case, she would not have agreed with it. Instead, I applauded her performance with a standing ovation and a good chuckle.

"Oh heavens do shut up with your stupid laugh!" Lucy exclaimed.

For the rest of the flight, we enjoyed good laughs. It was rather refreshing to spend time with Luce again without her glaring or throwing daggers at me for a change.

Her somber state resurfaced once the pilot announced our landing. This weekend is going to be rather interesting.

19

Sienna

A week later...

My hands were shaking from what I had just done. But I couldn't stomach it anymore. Watching him openly flirt with two women drove me mad and I acted out of instinct. When I found him with that arrogant smirk on his face, it angered me like no other. I didn't even think twice but just went over to him and dumped my drink contents in his lap, to the surprise of all three of my gaping audience. The women threw horrifying shrieks but what stilled me was the look on Blake's face.

The storm was coming and I scampered for a place to hide. I ran back inside the villa. I was afraid of that look he had. It was different-he didn't even look at me like that when I told him I slept with Kyle. That's what scaring me....I certainly pressed the wrong button this time.

This is his twenty-fifth birthday! He was going to be beyond outraged!

I couldn't go straight upstairs to my bedroom because that's where he'd start looking first. I pushed the heavy double doors of his study and walked over to where a small bar was located. I needed to calm my nerves. I poured half a glass of cognac and downed it in one gulp.

"Have you had enough fun for one night, Sienna?" his voice totally caught me off guard. I jumped and the glass I held in my hand slipped and fell on the carpeted floor with a thud.

Fuck! I didn't hear the door opening.

My heart was lurching out of my chest. He trod lightly and I knew he was close behind me. I squeezed my eyes shut, trying to breathe. My exposed back tingled and the hair on my nape stood out as I felt him so near, only a hairsbreadth away.

My body was on high alert and I almost fainted when his hot breath touched my sensitive ear. "Why were you jealous? Can't stand seeing me want another woman or women for that matter?" My breathing hitched.

His hateful voice made me shiver, goose bumps spread all over my body. "I didn't know what came over me-" I wanted to apologize, but he knew my apologies were empty.

"Yes, you do. Need you spout more lies? We both know what it is you want. You're always libidinous and carnal when I'm around. You threw hysterics because you felt threatened when you saw me cavorting with those two women. You decided to sabotage any chance of a celebratory threesome shag because...you wanted me for yourself." Hot, heavy breath tickled my ear. I clamped my legs tighter when I felt a shot of wetness seep out of my over excited mound.

I shook my head in denial. "That's not true. Stop it.... with this sexual trip Blake-"

He barked an evil laugh.

I was immobilized when I felt the back of his finger caress my exposed back, up and down in smooth....slow strokes. I shuddered from his hot touch.

I swallowed, and lick my lips.

Shit. Fuck. Shit!!!!

"Look at you-you're already wanton and shamelessly aroused and I've barely even touched you. Are you sure you don't want me to f**k you, baby? Your cunt is calling for me and I ache to remedy it. Do you want my c**k to soothe your ruffled feathers, baby?" Blake's condescending tone didn't go unnoticed.

Baby. He never calls me baby. It was either poppet, my sweet, my love or cara mia but never baby. He knew Kyle called me "baby" and he's using it to hurt me somehow-to hurt me for sleeping with Kyle.

If I was a meek woman, I would've succumbed to his spiteful spew and begged the lovely man to have me. After all, I did want him like crazy. The throbbing need of my body was obvious. But I am not a meek woman-I am stubborn and difficult.

I hardened my resolve and turned away from him. I sauntered towards the middle of his large oak desk and lifted my ass to sit atop. The cognac I took started to work its magic over me.

The wicked side of me rejoiced.

He was still rooted to the spot where I left him. His eyes watched every single move I made. He looked like a sleek panther, predatory and ready to pounce. His beautiful face was hard but his dynamic eyes spoke volumes.

Waiting....

I held his eyes and scooted a bit more on the desk for space. I held the slit of my dress and opened it. My legs were open wide, for his viewing. My pu**y exposed for his scrutiny.

Still, he held eye contact and didn't move an inch. I touched my inner thigh with a finger and traced it all the way to my crotch. I gleefully gasped from the contact. His eyes darkened. My face broke into a smile. Gotcha. My middle finger found my nub and I started to rub it. We were having a silent conversation through our eyes. My eyes were telling him "How long will you last watching me touch myself until you fold?"

His eyes told me that I was playing with fire. But I didn't care-I felt free and so....alive.

I pulled the fabric knot on my neck with my free hand. My br**sts spilled free and I think I heard him grunt painfully. "Do you like watching me, Blake? You like me out of control, don't you?" My eyes daring him as I bit my lip, cupped my breast and moaned achingly. I was rubbing myself furiously as I touched my br**sts. Together, both sensations were getting intense and I threw my head back with reckless abandon.

"Damn you, Sienna!" he roared and my gold/green eyes snapped back at him. He was standing before me, his eyes glazed with blatant desire as he watched me rub myself. He released a guttural growl and shoved two fingers inside my hole. My body crumpled from the feel of him....from the knowledge that he can't resist me, the way I can't resist him.

I rocked my hips back and forth, biting my bottom lip. "Come for me. I want to see you beautifully come apart."

I whimpered when he captured my nipple and furiously slid his fingers in and out of me.

"Blake-FUCK! You're driving me crazy! I want you....I'll always want you..." I gasped for air as I violently convulsed around him.

He pulled his fingers out and made me lick my juices off. I fumbled at his trousers and sighed when my hand captured him. The satiny rock-hard c**k twitched when I stroked it. "You're so big-it's hard to resist a man who is well-endowed and quite gifted in the shagging department." My teasing tone made him pause and he became eerily still.

He took my chin and stared right through me. I was a little more than taken aback from change of his demeanor. I was perplexed, stupefied. What is he doing? Can't we just f**k? I wanted to say but I was paralyzed by the depth of his scrutinizing eyes.

His eyes were flicking back and forth, studying and searching....searching for answers.WTF? My heart was galloping like a wild horse. What's he doing?!

I started to panic but I can't break eye contact. I want to but his searing gaze froze me on the spot. "Blake....I'm ready for you....what are you waiting for?" I rasped out, a little desperate. I want it to be about sex, only sex and nothing else.

"Kiss me."

What?

"Excuse me? Did I just hear you right? You want to make out instead of being inside me?" I questioned his motives with apparent disbelief.

"Kiss me, Sienna." He whispered softly as he hovered around my bottom lip.

My brain was muddled and my body was humming.

"Kiss me like you mean it. Show me what your heart is feeling. Show me how I affect you."

With a frustrated groan, I grabbed both of his cheeks and kissed him, just as he asked. After five minutes with our lips only touching-wrestling as our emotions took a strong hold over us and out of nowhere, he pulled away. I gasped as he extracted his lips from mine.

His eyes were murderous....incensed....and very empty. I was about to ask a question when he jammed his c**k inside me with a fast powerful thrust. "I hate you!" he spat out with pure venom as he pummeled my pu**y harder. I was dismayed and a little hurt from his declaration but my strung out body was responding to him....He was rough and my back was hurting from my arched position as I held my upper body with my palms on the hard desk to give me leverage. "I f**king hate you! You like being a whore for me, Sienna?" his voice thundered as he held my neck, slightly choking me. Large hands held my delicate neck as he bashed my pu**y callously, impaling me in place. His large c**k was so deep, I felt him all the way in my stomach. Every thrust grazed my cervix and I was moaning from his feral, primitive f**king.

The familiar build of climax coiled inside me. The earth-shattering quakes of my orgasm arrived with a heavy, deafening impact. My body was convulsing as Blake choked me a little tighter. With one last brutal thrust, he violently came. "I hate you," he snarled. Chanting those words a few times like a mantra while his c**k heavily pulsated with each spurt of se**n he unloaded inside me.

I'm wounded and pained. He hated me but it didn't stop either of us from using each other. Sex is such a compelling weapon whether you love or hate the other person involved.

"This has got to stop, Sienna. This is not a game I want to participate anymore. Find someone else to play with." His desolate, penetrating eyes mutilated me.

I was immobilized as I watched him pull out of me and hastily zip his pants. He bounded for the door but stopped in his tracks before turning to open the brass door handle.

My breathing stopped.

"You have to let me go because I certainly have left you." With those parting words, he left with a loud thud.

I heard my heart crack in two but I willed myself not to crumble, not in the middle of his goddamn birthday party.

I shakily gathered myself and dashed quickly upstairs. Some of the guests gave me a quick glance, possibly wondering about my bedraggled, sexed-up state but I brushed past them without a backward glance.

Once in the bedroom, I let out a small pained sound.

I have to let him go..... I have to let him go.....but how?

How do you stop loving someone? How do I stop being so addicted to him?

20

Blake

The next morning I avoided everyone like the plague. After that blasted sexual showdown last night, I barely slept a wink. Sienna's like a drug. You crave her more even knowing quite well that she's bad for you.

I let myself into my study. One glance at my desk was all it took and all the memories came flooding back like the hounds of hell.

When I followed her last night, I planned to confront her and to tell her to f**king get it together and leave. But none of that happened-the capricious Sienna emerged again and all hell broke loose. She looked like an evil enchantress when she widened her legs and touched herself. My hardened resolve disappeared instantly. She looked like a perfect sexual treat and ready to be devoured. I was spellbound.

I grunted as I remembered how she was last night. I bloody f**king hate her. She loves to toy with my emotions. Swinging back and forth like a bloody blasted yoyo with no consideration of the people involved. She always used sex, dangling it like a piece of heaven. Yes, sex with her felt like that and then some. It's actually quite cruel really, but she needs to let me go.

This damn circus is over!

I will take immediate action to exterminate her from my thoughts-I want to look at her and feel nothing. If I have to marry Camilla to achieve it, then so be it. I'd rather have a well-oiled functioning life than this half-filled amorous fantasy I have in my head. I have an empire to run and I cannot risk failure. Not even for a beguiling, bewitching, beautiful woman wreaking havoc and causing mayhem in my orderly life....and utterly left me to shreds. She needed to be addressed and I did. Her wounded face almost stopped me from leaving her all alone in this very study last night, but it must be done-even if I once worshipped the very ground she walked on not so long ago.

I picked up my phone and dialed Camilla. She instantly picked up and sounded a little breathless. "Blake! What a lovely surprise. When I heard the ringing tone I allotted for you, I dashed right out of the shower." She nervously laughed, "and oh, Happy Birthday! I got you a present but you have to come and get it once you get back to England."

I smiled at her breathless tone. Camilla was still very taken with me. "Thank you, Cam. I definitely will. I will not allow you to begrudge me of my present." She laughed huskily.

"Can I ask you something, Cam? You don't have to answer it but I'm quite curious." I raked a hand through my hair and grabbed a nearby pen and fiddled with it restlessly.

"Anything, you can ask me anything."

I cleared my throat as my eyes burned the exact spot I took Sienna last night. It was just sex....that's all she wants. With that, I shoved memories of her in the very back of my mind.

"I was wondering you see. I was pondering if you still loved me?"

"Blake-I do. You know I do. You're the only man I have ever loved and the only man I have ever given myself to. When I made that promise, seven years ago, when we were barely eighteen-I meant every word." She whispered, "I love you. I have loved you all my life and nothing's changed."

I waited a minute or two to gather my thoughts. Her answer did not come as a surprise but it still pleased me that she did, well at least someone does. I might not love her but I respected Cam. I'm quite positive that I will learn to love her later on during our marriage.

"I know this is untoward and quite drastic, but I was hoping if you would still be interested in continuing our marriage arrangement? You don't have to give me an answer this instant-I need you to dwell upon it for a day or two. I will be back in town on Wednesday-you can tell me your answer then."

"As you wish, Wednesday can't come soon enough. I will be waiting for you," she happily murmured. She tried to masked her happiness but failed miserably.

We spoke for another ten minutes before ending the call. Magdalena softly knocked and cheerfully wheeled in a pot of coffee and assorted pastries. "Gracias, Magdalena Que tengas un buen dia !" Have a good day.

The door opened and Chad sauntered in, he never tries to knock. "Anything I can help you with mate?" I walked over to the coffee and prepared myself a cup.

"Everyone's planning to go to the beach, want to come with and grace us with your sexy body?" Chad asked.

I laughed. Chad is the only man who can get away with talking to me like this. He grew on me through the months and his audacious personality didn't bother me.

"My 'sexy body' is on a hiatus my dear friend. Work awaits and simply cannot be ignored. I will join the festivities once you guys get back."

He folded his arms and shrugged. "Whatever, you say boss. You better finish all the work before we get back. We'll give you a few hours but nothing more. It's your birthday weekend and you deserve a little fun in the sun too, Blakey poo." With a quick wave, he left me in peace.

The study is the only place where I can find peace and quiet. The rest of the villa was an utter jungle of people ready to have fun and get drunk. I was about to open the terrace door to enjoy my coffee outside when another blasted knock interrupted me. Bloody f**k.

"Come in," I hooted.

The door opened, a nervous looking Sienna strolled in. I was dumbstruck when she entered.

She was dressed in a long ethereal, white Grecian dress. She even did her hair like the ones you see in the movies. Chaotic, long wavy curls styled with succession adorned with a thin gold and silver threaded headband. The only thing that stood out was her eyes and soft glossed lips.

My eyes wandered from head to foot and back again. But her eyes held me in place. Her long lashes were thickly coated with mascara and her eyes rimmed with a gold liner. Those captivating gold/green eyes impaled me-but her sheer beauty made me lose the capacity to think. My c**k twitched in response at the stunning goddess before me.

Motherfanfuckingtastic!

She switched her footing and fidgeted with her hands. I stood mesmerized and waited for her to speak.

Sienna huffed out a heavy sigh and bit her lip. This ought to be interesting, I thought, noticing how unsure she was.

"I was thinking-if you wanted to collect-the proposition you offered a few weeks back-which I agreed to." She stammered through her words.

Did she just say what I thought she said?

Could it be?

"I beg your pardon?"

"The five-day proposition-I'm offering it to you."

Oh, damn it to hell. Was she serious? "Right, as tempting as that sounds, I'm afraid I have to decline that rather appealing offer. Thank you though. Is that all you wanted? I'm rather busy."

I took a long sip of my coffee and expected her to leave but she had not. She was still rooted on the spot, looking a bit lost. "You're declining? It was your idea in the first place! What's changed? You weren't declining last night!" The lost look turned into accusatory glare.

I waited a beat until I spoke. I wanted-needed-to savor the look on her face when I told her my good news. "Everything's changed you see. About an hour ago, I offered my hand in marriage to Camilla, if she'll have me again."

Oh, bloody joy! The look of horror hit her full-on.

"But-but....but we had sex last night?" she whispered through tears.

Her tears didn't even move me, not anymore. "Your point is? It's just sex Sienna. You were gagging for it, so why not? It was right there and you were quite easy." I smiled wickedly at her, enjoying her tortured face. "A pu**y is a pu**y. A man can get it anywhere and from now on-I will surely be f**king and will be getting f**ked by Camilla, my future wife."

She gripped the back of the chair and for some reason, it reminded me of her calamitous visit to my office in South Bank-the one where she confronted me with my engagement, the hellish irony.

The room was deafening, I could hear her erratic breathing as she took in the news. When she looked up, the hurt in her eyes almost-almost made me want to reach out to her. "You can't do that-you mustn't."

"Too late," I shrugged without care.

She was sobbing. "But I love you...I've been in love with you."

My eyes misted with anger at her confession. "How bloody f**king convenient! Let's stop the charade, I'm growing rather bored."

"But I do love you Blake-I lied because I was scared. But I'm tired of being scared. I wanted to start living my life-that's why I came here speak to you. I wanted to give us another try-and for me to do that, I had to forgive you and I did... and I have, forgiven you."

"Do you know how I longed to hear you utter those three words? I used to dream about it-I wanted it so bad-I wanted you so bad, it hurt. But you f**king didn't give a hoot about any of that. Sex was all you wanted from me. You admitted it as such-there's no need to lie anymore. It's over."

Nodding as she wiped a tear. "I guess it really is," she sniffed. "I really am very sorry, Blake. For all the intentional and the unintentional pain I caused you. I did it all because I love you. This love-with you was different from what I had with Kyle. It was exquisitely intense, it overpowered all of my senses-and it terrified me. I protected myself by wanting to shut you out. But you dissolved that layer of protection and I was left vulnerable. That made me defensive. But it's all silly now isn't it?" She gave a small laugh.

"For what it's worth, I just want you to be happy and if marrying her will make you happy-then I wholeheartedly give my blessing."

She was about to leave but halted. "I'm going to pack my things and leave. Can you tell them that there was an emergency with Kyle and that he needed me there? I can't face any of them right now. Um, I guess-I'll be seeing you."

Giving me a brave genuine smile, she tore me apart. "Goodbye, Blake."

I stared at the shutting door, utterly flabbergasted.

She said she loved me-for the very first time and now she's leaving.

She was lying, of course she was. Because she never did love me, if she did, she wouldn't have waited until the very last minute. But this is Sienna-her roughened childhood made her defensive and it was the only way she knew how to protect herself. Could she possibly be telling me the truth?

Do I want to spend the rest of my life trying to figure out if she meant those words or not? Hell the f**k no!

I sprinted through the main floor, through the stairs and towards her bedroom door. I didn't even bother to knock before I let myself inside.

Her luggage was on the bed and she was putting her neatly folded clothes inside. She kept wiping her tears away and sniffing softly.

Her back stiffened when I spoke. "I will give you a month-a month to show and prove to me that you meant what you said downstairs. I will hold off any talks of my engagement for that allotted time. I'm not guaranteeing you anything. I don't know if I would want you in my life after the month is over. It is purely up to you, if you want to do this or not."

"A month?" she asked, turning around.

"Only a month."

Pressing her lips together and wiped another tear. "Okay, I'll take it."

I felt relieved for some reason. "All right then, I guess you can unpack and rest a bit while I work for awhile. You can keep this room but I expect you to share my bed every night." She nodded and bit her bottom lip.

"Blake?"

"Yes?"

She looked so gorgeous it hurt even if she's crying buckets and sniffing 'til kingdom come, she always took my breath away. "Would it be too much if I asked you to kiss me?"

She melted a fraction of my cold heart. "No, not at all as long as you promise to stop crying, I don't like seeing you cry." I went to where she stood and gently wiped her tears away.

When our lips touched, she sighed delightfully. I meant to kiss her for a minute or two-but it was hard to pull away once it started to get heated and ardent with passionate need.

I stopped when I tasted tears and pulled away with worry. "What's wrong?" I studied her face, but she smiled through her tears.

"I'm just happy-thank you for giving me this chance." I nodded and left the room with troubled thoughts.

A month, Knightly....one long arduous month, surely you can manage to not fall back in the throes of love with her by your side?

Heaven help me if I do.

21

Sienna

The rest of the day passed quickly. Luce was leaving tomorrow, so Chad and I tried to spend as much time with her. She tried to avoid Toby as much as she could. The poor thing was so heartbroken anyone could see it every time he looked at her.

We were having dinner on the shore below Blake's villa. There was a huge table that accommodated all of us and the beach was alight with torches and a few bonfires. There is even an Arabian tent with all the colorful silks and beaded pillow trenched with thick wooden poles. I suppose this is common around the area. The Moor influence was quite strong. The tent reminded me of that time when Blake took me to a spa and told me for the first time how much he's wanted me. It felt so long ago now, I thought sadly.

He's been strategically avoiding me since he emerged from his study. He wasn't blatant about it and he did it so subtlety that not even Chad or Luce noticed. But I did. I noticed it and I pretended that it didn't hurt me one bit.

Did he change his mind? I started to think that he did. I suppose the whole thing was too good to be true. I've never felt that kind of severe pain in my heart when he told me that he planned to marry Camilla again. I wanted the one month to validate how much I love him.

The moon was high tonight. It was a bit chilly tonight but it was tolerable while we were consuming alcohol. This was a private beach and it stretched for miles. The only people that can stroll about were home owners, so the area is totally secure.

Studying the moonlit path, I started to walk leisurely on the soft sand, loving the feel the soft waves as it pulled in and out of the sea on my toes. I held the edges of my white dress so it wouldn't get soaked with water.

I sighed. It was so beautiful here...

"Do you mind if I join you?" Clive asked, matching my slow pace.

"Sure, why not?" I didn't even notice that he had followed me out here. Since Friday, we didn't speak much. He was pleasant though-a bit arrogant-but endurable.

We strolled along the shore for awhile without speaking. It was a comfortable silence. "I gathered that you're Blake's? But apparently not his girlfriend?" Clive's smooth tone was very firm but curious.

Huh. "Well, I'm an ex, I suppose."

"You're an ex? But he still wants you I take it? I've noticed his eyes set ablaze when he looks at you." Blake has been looking at me?

I stopped walking and looked back. The fire that came from the beach party looked like a puny dot from where I was standing. I glanced back at Clive. He looked confident and handsome. The moonlight highlighted his striking face. Blake and Clive really won the lottery for the best DNA.

"What's with the twenty questions?" I quirked up a brow. He laughed huskily and shrugged.

"To be quite honest-when I first saw you-I was curious but later found out that you were Blake's. I just wanted to know why you two aren't together when his eyes tell me something else."

Dish or not to dish? He will eventually hear it from someone. What's the point of hiding things anyway? It gets exhausting and he seems to be decent. Well, apart from his womanizing lifestyle, there seemed to be a good man inside.

I sighed and consented. "We broke up because I found out about the thing with the Clayworth's. We didn't speak for about two months-then we sort of got together. After a couple days, that fell apart because I slept with my childhood best friend, Kyle-an ex as well. From then on, it went downhill. Today, he told me that he planned to rectify his marriage of convenience with Camilla. I then confessed that I loved him. Which he profusely didn't believe-then he offered a month for me to prove it to him."

"That was a copious amount of information. Knowing my kin, he doesn't condone sharing his girlfriends. But if it's just a shag-then that's a different matter. You're direct and forward. I find that rejuvenating-especially amongst these deluded facades of perfection our lot revolves in." I looked at him in shock then guffawed.

What an amusing man. He doesn't take himself too seriously. "Deluded facade of perfection? Seriously, coming from a man who only goes for the creme de la creme of women?" I wiggled a finger at him. "You can't fool me-you're quite the famous libertine around town."

We carried on walking when he belted out a roaring laugh. "Precisely, I am part of that lot. In my defense, these lassies tend to not adhere to the word 'no.' An indecent, cheeky man such as myself, tends to not hold out for much. Truth be told, being naughty is certainly more diverting and gratifying rather than a monotonous repetitive lifestyle like some pompous, snobbish privileged folks. Alas, soon that will change when father gives me more responsibility. Then life as I know it will forever be a distant memory."

"That must suck but I guess that comes with birthright, I suppose? You and Blake are quite lucky. You two have the world at the tips of your fingers."

"Most people would say that-I must admit there are certain advantages to it. I suppose I could be thankful that my life isn't like Blake's. My father's company is enormous but Blake's responsibility-whew-I'd gladly take mine any time of the day." Clive really did look relieved. Ha.

"He looks like he's handling it well."

"Precisely, he is Blake Knightly. Do you know when he was eighteen, he was acknowledged to already be a business whizz? That's why it made sense for him to pair up with Camilla. I was quite shocked when I heard the news of the severed agreement-and even more so when I found out he did it due to another woman. I didn't quite understand it-but now that I've met you-I do now. Tell me, what happens if the month is over and he still doesn't believe your love and affection?"

Good question there buddy. I guess he moves on and gets married then I will be back to my college life. "He would resume his life as he saw it before I entered the picture."

He nodded and placed his hands in his pockets. "That's quite sad, isn't it? To love someone and not have it work out?"

I took a quick peek at him and he seemed to be deep in thought. "Yes, it definitely does. Are you speaking from experience, Clive?"

His face split into two, looking at me like I've lost it. "Good God no, that would be a bloody disaster. I thought-of all the satyr's I never did think Blake had it in him to fall in love-but if he did-it could only be done by such a compelling woman. That proves a lot about you, Sienna."

"Um...thanks?" I smiled at the handsome charming man. "We should get back. I don't want them to worry. My friends tend to go overboard sometimes with worrying. I don't want to be the person in the hot seat tonight."

"Of course"

The stroll back was quite nice, Clive was refreshingly funny. When we got there, Madeline looked at us scornfully. Ick, the woman has a serious thing for Clive, but he doesn't want to entertain it from what I've seen for the past few days.

Clive Barrington did arrive with his own party crowd of twenty people or so. It included this weird Madeline woman. I shrugged and left them to party.

I entered the Arabian-themed tent and lounged next to Lucy. She was texting on her phone and looked up in surprise when she found me. "What have you been up to all on your own? Where's Chad?" I inquired.

"Chad's is about the perimeters with Luke. I think those two are bonking. I'm ecstatic! Lover needed to let off some heavy steam and I guarantee that the dishy Luke has the knob for it from what I've witnessed at the beach earlier on."

I choked on my water and smacked her arm, gasping for air. "Lucy! You have such a dirty mind!" We shrieked in a boisterous laughter.

"Hey! I feel left out! What are you two beautiful babies laughing about hmmm?" Chad sauntered over and sat on the rug and leaned on large striking-colored beaded cushions.

I cleared my throat and wiped away the tears in my eyes. "Chad, are you bonking Luke Scott?" I mimicked Lucy.

"What if I am? He's quite delish! I don't need permission to have sex as well do I? I'm on vacation after all-whatevers babylove!"

"Chad! We're happy for you!" Luce and I echoed together.

"Really??? O.M.G.! You guys-I just want to thank you for everything...I mean without you guys, I would've probably given up. Now with Luke, things are getting so awesome! I mean-I think I'm in lurve!" He fanned his face furiously and gushed like a teenager.

Luce and I sat next to him on the cushions and joined in the rowdy merriment.

Luce cleared her throat and hooked a strand of hair on her ear. She looked tense all of a sudden, "since we're all here sharing, I wanted to share something with my best girlfriends."

Chad gently tapped her arm. "Woman! Come on! I'm waiting, so focus!"

"This is might be unseemly but I have to ask. Sienna, would it be alright if I go out with Troy?"

Hold up, did she say Troy? Troy the model?

I tensed, "Troy....Troy Scott?" My eyes popped out of their sockets, "Troy from Friday night Troy?" Say Troy one more time then you're going to get socked, Sienna.

I'm a little stunned, Okay-majorly stunned. Oh my God, what will become of Toby?

"Eh-yes, that's the one. You were all there last Friday night. He was crushed to learn that you didn't see him that way. I want to cheer him up and need a bit of a diversion myself. So-before I proceed-I wanted to get your permission and....say approval?" She bit her lip and looked from Chad then to me, then back again.

Last weekend, we met up with Troy in Malaga. When he hinted that he wanted to date me, I nicely shut his advances down.

Seeing Chad's mouth still hanging ajar, I grabbed his chin and closed his mouth. "Luce-of course you have it! Thank you for letting me know....but what about Toby? Don't you love him? I thought you love him? I don't get it? I'm so speechless right now. Fuck! He's going to go ballistic!"

All these images are running through my mind like a stampede. Poor Toby, I don't think he could handle it.

"What the f**k Lucy! This is so f**king f**ked up!" Chad held his palm inches away from Lucy's face. "Listen-this isn't about Troy. Great! I'm happy about you and Troy. I mean, a fine piece of ass needs to land himself a hot lover and you are that Luce. But what pisses me off is about Toby. I love that man. Both he and Blake had been a constant pillar of strength for me. You're his life Luce-you can't do this! You're going to ruin him and I'm not going to stand back and watch this catastrophe happen."

Holy, shit. Fierce Chad is coming out. He does have a point. Toby will be crushed and might never recover.

"I understand, Chad-I do. I love him too-but what if this thing with his family's a sign that it wasn't meant to be? I don't want to waste my youth waiting and wondering if I made a mistake or not. We win and lose in love. I just have to handle it like a mature adult and go forth."

I opened my mouth and closed again. Chad whimpered agonizingly next to me.

Wow, she's total hardcore. I need some of her Zen pronto.

"I will support you-if it makes you happy-" I was speaking then Chad interjected. I glared at Chad for cutting me off.

"I will too, JUST AS LONG AS YOU KEEP THIS A SECRET from Toby-for little awhile at least. Comprende, chica?"

Lucy nodded sadly. She understood how delicate this is and she also knew we will protect Toby from getting hurt.

"Oookay-since we really are discussing dirty secrets! I have one on my own," I added.

Chad dramatically tapped his forehead. "You're pregnant?" I shook my head. "You're banging that hot blondie, Clive? OMG! Hottest f**king cousins EVER! You're the luckiest bitch in the world, although you should watch your back with Madeline-she's a little on the obsessive side."

"Definitely, negative! Hello? Will you let me finish here without interrupting?" I waved him off while he giggled like a ninny, daydreaming of "the hottest f**king cousins ever." Aren't they ever? I blushed. Clive is hot-I mean I love my tall dark and handsome men (insert Blake and Kyle) but Clive was the first blue-eyed blonde I have ever been attracted to BUT I will choose Blake without hesitation.

"Dear me-those two are undoubtedly, devilishly handsome cousins," Luce murmured.

Chad fanned himself and spoke to Lucy, winded from his dirty thoughts. "You take hottie Clive then I'll take the godlike Blake! I'd give my life to take a peek inside his pants. Sienna-is he really that great in bed? I've been curious-"

"Bloody hell-you have got to spill! The monkey sex you two shared got me so horny it was unreal. How big is he?" Luce chimed in.

Right, on people.

"OMG OMG! I'm dying here! Blake is such a yummy yummy screw!" Chad panted. I thought he was in lurve?

I snorted. "Get it together Chad! Okay-well he's huge-maybe around nine inches in length and thick all around."

Chad gulped half of the water bottle. "WOW, HOT DAMN! Gimme some of those munchies!"

"No bloody way! The man was made with perfect, flawless precision. How does he shag? I want details-since my sex life is kaput!" Luce and Chad both looked at me like I have the key to Pandora's Box.

"He's rough-but he hits the right spot whether it's rough or not. He f**ks like he wants to rob me of my integrity. He commands-he's quite animalistic when he gets really turned on. I actually nicknamed him Trojan horse because he does have the stamina of a horse-and the beauty of one."

"Dreamy! He's a friend-but gosh-I can't help seeing him in a different light. He's just so....dreamy!" Luce sighed.

"You are so in love with him-you are aren't you?" Chad waited a beat.

"I am-without a doubt. I love him so much it hurts. I made the mistake of sleeping with Kyle. I don't know what the heck I was thinking. But it happened already."

I played with the hem of my dress, "He gave me an ultimatum-I actually have a month to show him that I do-and mean it. I just hope that it'll work. I don't want to lose him. We've come this far-it would be such a waste if it doesn't."

Chad threw an arm around me and kissed my head. "He will. Don't worry-now that you're fighting for him, he doesn't stand a chance. The man is nuts about you babylove. Trust me-he will believe you. As long as there is no more hanky-panky with Kyle, got it?"

"Chad! I will not make the same mistake with Kyle. Kyle and I have only been texting-can't read his mind at the moment. This shit sucks-one way or the other I have to hurt someone."

He sighed and winked at Lucy, "To quote what Luce said earlier, 'We win and lose in love. We just have to handle it like mature adults and go forth.' "

It was past midnight when everyone decided to call it at night.

I knew I would be sharing Blake's bed tonight so my panicked state was quite normal I suppose.

I showered which took a good thirty minutes because I had to make sure I was extremely clean. I shared a bed with him before-but not here, that's why I'm freaked out and flustered. I've never been inside his room but I knew it was in the east wing overlooking the sea.

I sat on my bed in my pale pink silk shorts and camisole, contemplating what to do. He didn't speak directly to me tonight. After he visited me in my bedroom earlier and threw that ultimatum in my face, I thought he'd be a bit warmer towards me-but he still went on like a stoic knight without giving me much notice.

Do I just go in there and go straight to bed? Or do I look for him and ask permission? Or I could just stay in here and not bother with either option since he looked like he didn't care what I do?

I pondered for another ten minutes and gave up when the clock hit one-thirty in the morning.

I was exhausted and decided to sleep in my bedroom. I was a second away from dreamland when my bedroom door opened and the door banged against the wall. A furious looking Blake barged in my room wearing only his silk sleep pull-string pants-with that glorious f**king chest on display. What the f**k?

"Blake, what the-" I gasped when he gathered me out from bed and threw half of my body over his shoulder, with my ass hanging out-caveman style. He used his foot to close my door and marched towards the opposite side of house, to his bedroom. Once inside, he hurled me on his bed and my body bounced a few times before I landed still in bewildered shock.

Oh. Hell. No.

I stood on his bed, looking like a spit-fire full of anger. "Have you f**king lost it Blake?! You can't just barge in my room like a raging maniac while I'm sleeping! You scared the shit out of me!"

"It wouldn't have happened this way if you stuck to what you promised! You like goading me mental, do you not?!"

He strode to next to the bed and swiftly pulled my body down on the bed. He was hovering on top of me looking like a savage beast-a very hungry beast. His hand closed over the small thin strapped-lace and the bodice connected on my flimsy camisole and wrenched it apart with a growl.

Oh my.

22

Blake

My hand closed over the small thin strapped-lace and the bodice connected on Sienna's sexy flimsy camisole and wrenched it apart with a growl. Her gorgeous br**sts jutted out and my mouth salivated at those perfect dusty pink-tipped mounds.

I was already on edge when I saw her with Clive earlier. I saw how my cousin looked at her. I felt a sliver of suspicion that she had something going on with him-they did look cozy and familiar when they got back from that long bloody stroll. My cousin's a notorious womanizer and this wouldn't be the first time he went after women I shagged before.

When she didn't show up in my bedroom, the suspicion went into red-hot rabid jealousy. I was almost convinced she was in Clive's bedroom, indulging him with all the luscious delights of her body. But when I found her sleeping in her bed, I couldn't control myself. I went into a full bodied Neanderthal.

I was uncontrollable, primitive and drugged with a maddening desire to have her, to possess her as my mine...and mine alone.

My hands pulled her shorts down in a heartbeat. I parted her legs, whisked a finger on her pu**y and found it drenched. Sienna looked unbidden and ready to be ravished.

My eyes misted with an obsessive need to be joined with her.

I hurriedly tugged the strings on my pants and rammed my throbbing c**k inside her saturated pu**y. An animalistic sound came from my throat when her pu**y wrapped around my c**k beautifully, perfectly.

Without withdrawing from her, I pulled her legs and anchored her heels over my shoulders. The position allowed me to fully access her. I started to rock my hips, sliding in and out of her. Each time the tip of my shaft hit her cervix she groaned.

Her eyes were closed and her lips slightly parted. She kept biting her bottom lip, trying to hold her moans down. But I want to see her unhinged and frenzied.

I pulled out of her and flipped her on all fours. The sight of her toned sexy arse seriously took my breath away. "You're so f**king sexy, Sienna," I whispered against her supple ass cheek and bit it. She yelped and grunted. I smirked knowing how crazy she could get. I want that woman to come out and play tonight.

Nudging her arse a little forward, I licked her cleft and darted my tongue inside her folds in circular motions. She was moaning my name. I exalted in her moans especially when it's my name she moans. My hot tongue snaked its way on the bridge of her pu**y to her behind. My tongue toyed with her anal entrance as I slid a finger inside her pu**y. In less than a minute, she was screaming my name. Even better...I love her like this, I thought carnally. I spanked her ass cheeks hard and she went berserk. "You want more, Sienna?" I spoke against her anal entrance.

"Mmmm....yes....I want...." she gasped for air and grunted again as I went back to finger f**king her, snaking my tongue up and down her clit, all the way back to her ass. "Ah, ahhhh-damn it, Blake! Fuck-"

I pulled my finger out and started kissing her ass and trailed it all the way upwards. When I reached her neck, I moved her hair and kissed her neck.

"Beg for it," I ordered.

She shook her head. "NO."

I laughed at her adamant refusal. "Playing hard to get tonight, my sweet?"

"You don't deserve me begging for sex after what you did tonight, Blake."

I positioned my c**k over her dripping cunt and grinded it lasciviously. Sienna started to gasp for air, panting like a woman in heat. I murmured against her ear, "it's so close-are you sure you don't want to beg?"

She shook her head in response.

I cupped her soft breast, kneaded it and bit into the spot where her shoulder and neck meet. She moaned loudly and I felt a spurt of wetness on my cock. "Please-"

"Please what Sienna?"

"I'm begging. I'm begging for you to take me like a feral animal-for you to dominate me, mark me and feast on my body."

With a quick thrust, my c**k jammed inside her. "Bloody f**k! You're so f**king perfect!"

I stabbed my thumb inside her anus and she became shameless. My shameless wanton woman, who was screaming and panting loudly with each thrust of my rock-hard cock.

I gathered her long hair and tugged on it as I f**ked her cunt like it's my only salvation. To a certain extent it was-I needed to possess her mind, her body, her heart.

"Tell me you love me!"

Her hands were gripping the sheets and moaned. The force of my c**k driving inside her was hard and punishing. Her dripping cunt loved each thrust. "I love you!" she whispered in panting breaths.

"Louder!" I bellowed in her delicate ear.

"God! Seriously! I f**king love you, Blake. I love you. I LOVE YOU!" she shrieked.

My heart swelled each time she tells me she loved me. I can't get enough of it. "Bout bloody time you do!"

Twisting her hair I pulled harder and hammered her tight wet pu**y a few more times and we came apart together. I pumped my twitching c**k a few times as I unloaded my se**n inside her. The man in me rejoiced every single time I came inside her womb. The only woman I had without a condom on and she's worth it.

I collapsed on her back and rolled us onto our sides. She pulled off of me and turned around with only inches away from my face. She lowered her lips and kissed me ever so gently. "I love you," she murmured as she looked into my eyes. Without voicing my answer, I kissed her back.

I cannot expose myself when I didn't deem her worthy. She has a long way to go because things between us aren't that simple anymore.

The trust is gone. My faith in her has completely vanished.

Given all those essential and relevant facts, a wise man would've walked away and thanked his bloody stars for giving him some sense. But not I. The need to have her in my bed and in my life again-even for a short span of time-was enough enticement for me to become foolish and illogical.

The main objective is to leave unscathed after a month with her.

She sighed and tucked herself next to me. I waited and made sure she was fast asleep before I unlatched my arm around her waist.

I rolled over to my side of the bed and as far away from her as the bed allowed.

23

Sienna

My small body was thrown in the dark murky ocean. Once I resurfaced, my lungs were heaving, gulping for air. My shaky hands were trying help me stay afloat but something tugged my foot and forcefully yanked me down in the depths of the dark ocean.

The ocean was so dark, I couldn't see a thing. I tried to fight but my small body can only do so much. The grip on my foot was so strong it was hard to fight against it. So, I just let it pull me down. Down to the dark depths of the ocean until there was no fight in me left.

Papa.....can you hear me? I'm about to join you and mama soon....

My body jerked me awake. I looked around confused and the realization hit me I was in Blake's room. When I looked beside me, he was on his side and quite far from me. I couldn't even reach out and touch him. How odd. This is a first, he always slept holding me.

I shivered and when I checked the time, it was past four in the morning. I got out of bed and looked for something to wear. Since my camisole was ripped, I had to borrow his shirt and silently left his room and went to mine.

Once I found my Mickey Mouse shirt and a comfortable sleep shorts, I padded my way to the kitchen with my phone in hand. There was a soft light in the kitchen and I went over to grab a glass and poured myself some orange juice.

I sat on the barstool and contemplated calling Kyle. My dreams are back and the only person who used to comfort me possibly hates my guts. It doesn't matter; I needed to hear his voice.

After a few rings, he picked up. "Hello?" a woman's sleepy voice answered. I tensed. I certainly didn't expect that. "Hello?" she asked again.

"Hi-could I possibly speak with Kyle?"

There was some rustling and a few murmurs then Kyle came on the phone. "Hello?" He sounded annoyed.

"Kyle? It's Sienna."

"What's wrong? Did something bad happen?" he sounded panicky.

"No-everything's okay. I didn't mean to wake you and your friend. I'm sorry. I'll call some other time." I ended the call before he had a chance to respond.

What is wrong with me? Why do I feel hurt? Kyle deserves to be happy. But I'm selfish and I felt simply devastated. I suppose that part between Kyle and me is kaput. I should be happy, but the feeling of loss was much greater. Now, the man I chose couldn't be bothered sleeping close to me. This was probably a case of feeling abandoned.

I felt a movement behind me and I jerked around. "Sorry to startle you, but are you alright?" Clive asked, wearing only jeans and his chiseled chest. Damn, that's hot. My tear ducts stopped threatening tears at the sight of him.

"Yeah, why wouldn't I be?" I asked suspiciously.

"I heard some commotion, that's why I came downstairs to check. I didn't mean to eavesdrop, but the house is rather quiet so it was easy to hear you."

Hell, the entire conversation? "Oh."

"Yeah-I gather your ex Kyle was with another woman then?" Clive strolled to the other side, pulled a chair and sat across from me.

"Yup." I stared at the granite counter-top replaying the voice of the woman.

My phone started ringing and Kyle's name flashed on the screen. I tensed again. "Go on-take the call." Clive pressed.

"Hello?"

"Baby, are you okay?"

"Kyle, you're going to get yourself in trouble-go back to her."

"Nah. It's not like that-I already got her a cab and she just left."

"Oh. I see." I signaled Clive that I'll step outside a moment and speak to Kyle privately.

I turned towards the terrace doors and quietly went outside. I walked over to the balustrade and studied the dark glittering sea before me. I shuddered remembering my dream.

"My dreams are back."

"Your nightmares? The ones you'd scream most nights? Like the ones you're being chased by a coffin or being murdered?" Sigh, the man knows everything about it.

"Not those ones-but my dreams from early childhood. The closet dream and the one when I drowned in the ocean are both back."

"Fuck, Si-I'm sorry. Are you all alone? Where's Blake or Chad?" he sounded stressed out. My eyes started to tear again. He'll always care for me and I love him for it.

"They're asleep-it's almost five in the morning here."

"Is there anything that I can do? Do you want to stay on the phone with me? I wouldn't mind-I love hearing your voice anyway."

"I would like that very much-you can hang-up the second you hear me snoring. Thank you-this is the sweetest thing you've ever done for me."

"I'm always here for you, Si. You know that." His assurance gave me comfort-just a wee bit. How I wished it was Blake, but that's wishful thinking.

"I'm going back in the house, give me a sec."

I went inside the villa and went upstairs. I didn't see Clive anywhere. I guess he went back to his room. I stealthily walked towards my bedroom and slipped my body in the sheets.

"So, who was that woman-" I stopped mid-sentence when I heard someone outside my door. "Shit-I have to go. I'll call you later. I promise and thank you for being here." I whispered and cut the call short. Blake was hovering above me, ready to pounce.

"Who was that on the phone?" Blake's accusing voice pierced through me.

I sighed and counted from one to ten. I closed my eyes and prayed for him to march outside the door and go back to where he came from. I can't deal with him right now. He's too much at the moment when my mind is still going through the after effects of my scary dream.

My phone was yanked away from my clasp and he tried to unlock it. Without luck, he asked again in angered tone. "You were speaking to Kyle weren't you?"

I sighed again. Damn, my prayers are going unanswered. "Yes, I was."

"Why would you do that? Why would you sneak out of my bedroom and call him at this ungodly hour?" He sounded livid.

"Because-because my nightmares are back and he's the person who used to calm me down." My voice sounded like a small child. Like the small child who drowned in my dreams. It's scary how during each dream I always call out papa. What does that mean?

"What nightmares? You never have nightmares!"

"I used to get them almost on a daily basis after my dad died and when I moved in with my Aunt. It started to subside a year before I left for London. But I've been having it again. It started when I got that call from LA last Saturday. It's been happening since then."

He cursed and raked a hand through his hair. He slid next to me and cradled my head on his chest. "I'm such a bastard. I'm sorry-I had no clue. These nightmares....what are they usually about?"

"I'll tell you someday...but not tonight."

"As you wish, do you want me to sleep here with you?" he whispered against my ear and spooned my body against his.

I nodded and sighed contently.

He kissed my neck and nuzzled it. "I'm here for you too, poppet. You have to learn to start leaning on me too."

My body tensed. "How could I possibly do that? It's obvious you hate me and when I woke up totally freaked out, you were so far away from me. You've never done that. You always held me close when we slept together. Tonight was just a huge wake-up call. Maybe the damage is irreparable....maybe I just have to accept that it's over between us."

Luce even is managing to paddle forward. Why can't I?

I tried to move away but his hand was a steel band holding me against his body. "You promised me, Sienna. You said you'd try." He sounded sad all of a sudden.

"I know-but it won't work. We both know it. You hate me and yet you can't get enough of having sex with me. I don't think I want this kind of relationship with you. I wanted what you and I had before-before things got so messed up and complicated."

"You are right. I do hate you, Sienna. But at the same time I do love you. It's rather maddening. It doesn't matter if I hate you or love you, but all I know is I want to have you in my life and in my bed."

"Great. What the f**k does that mean?"

"It means that I still do love you but I don't trust you. It means that I can't get enough of you. I'm going crazy when you're not with me."

I turned around and looked at him. "But what do I do? If you don't trust me then-there's no future for us." The realization hit me hard.

"No-we could still have a future. I just need to trust you again."

"This happened when I slept with Kyle, right?"

He nodded hesitantly. "Isn't that a little too extreme when you were doing hundred times worse that I did? That was the only time I slept with him. Couldn't you find it in you to forgive me?"

"I don't know how to do that or where to even begin forgiving you. Ever since that night in your apartment, I haven't touched another woman except you. Because I knew that nothing will ever compare to you again. But you left and f**ked him a day after I had you. Do you know how I felt then? I wanted to kill you."

"It was just so chaotic. My thoughts were so jumbled with you and Camilla out that night. When Kyle showed up-I took the easy way out. That night he couldn't take his hands off me but retreated. But the next day, it became nostalgic and familiar-it just happened."

He grunted and held me tighter. "I don't want to hear any more sordid details. That's enough."

"So, what do we do now? The only solution I can think of is to walk away from each other and leave it at that."

"Do you love Kyle?"

"I do. I love him-but I love you more....I'm in love with you, Blake."

"That should be enough reason for you to stay then?"

I shook my head. "No, it isn't." I want it all and it seems like he isn't capable of it. Well, not anymore.

"Then we'll compromise-stay with me and we'll work this out together. It might be a slow progress but I promise to try building my trust in you again."

Hope flourished....

I smiled. "You promise?"

He kissed me. "Yes, I promise." Cupping my cheek, he stared into me. "I love you, Sienna....so much." His voice was so thick with emotion, I became undone.

My heart soared. God, finally! Progress.

"I love you Blake." Taking his lips and kissing him until I almost died with happiness.

We made love twice until we were too exhausted to move. When it was time for him to get up for work, he left my bed and went back to his room to shower and change.

He stopped by again and gently woke me. "I have to go to work for a few hours. There's a meeting that I can't reschedule, unfortunately." He kissed my neck and I moaned. Loved what he's doing to me, loved how much he's changed since our little talk.

"You don't have time for a quickie?"

Blake grumbled. "Bloody hell...how I want to take you right now and bury myself deep within you but I can't, I'm running late. I have to go back to London later this afternoon. Do you want to join me, cara?"

"Hell yes! You're not about to escape me, Knightly."

He slapped my ass and kissed me senseless. "Good, I don't plan to escape your begrudging hold. I will be back around two then we'll head out together to the airport?"

"Ahhmmmm." I was distracted by him and how hot he looked.

I wanted to devour him whole. God, he looked so sexy in his black Armani suit. My eyes landed on his crotch and I unknowingly licked my lips.

He groaned and muttered. "Woman, you are shameless."

"Can we just-for a bit-just..." he groaned again and took my lips. My hands went directly to undo his pants. He took his suit off and I pushed his underwear off. Once his c**k sprung free, he instantly shoved it inside me. We both moaned in unison. He started off slow, wanting to savor each stroke but I didn't want him to be late.

"Blake! Hurry quickly....meeting....or you'll be late!" I said in between kisses.

He grabbed my hips and f**ked me hard. PERFECT!

He screamed my name as we came together, his body tensed. I felt his c**k pulsated thickly, squirting his seed inside me.

I shoved him off me, "GO! Or you'll be late!" I spanked his nice sculpted ass.

He barked out loud. "Brilliant! I feel so used just about now!" He got up and went to the bathroom to clean himself up.

I was still lying on the bed, quite content and happily sated when he came out. He bent over and gave me a long sweet kiss. "I love you"

"I love you Blake." With another kiss I marched him out the door.

His amused look made my day.

I sighed happily, went to grab my robe and wrapped it around my satiated body. I'm in love......my dreams can't even chase them away.

Once in the kitchen, I brewed coffee and made a cheese omelet. "Buenas diaz, Magda." I smiled at her.

"Buenas diaz, my ass! Come here you!" Chad ran towards me, picked me up and squeezed me until I ran out of air.

"Uh, good morning to you too?"

"Oh, shut up! When I saw Blake on his way out, he gave me a jolly high-five. So, I was like 'huh?' Now, I see you have the same look. Sooooo, I'm guessing you two made up and are going to be bumping uglies forever and ever?"

"We did make up-we're back together again. Although, we have a lot to work out still-but the best part is we're doing it together! Gosh, Chad-I'm so happy!" I placed the omelet in between us, handed him a fork and we shared it.

"You deserve it, chica! You so do. Anyhow, Luce left two hours ago. Can you believe what she said last night? I didn't sleep well because of that." He grabbed my coffee and took a long sip.

"I mean-if it makes her happy...."

"I know, I guess some things just don't last huh? Life is shitty like that."

"True-but when it gives you butterflies, it makes it all worthwhile. And you are getting oodles of butterflies from Luke."

"I definitely am baby love! So, what's the plan today? Everyone seemed to have vanished overnight!"

"Blake's picking me up later at two. He's taking me back to London town."

His eyes bulged out. "Hello? I want to go too. Luke left on the first plane out back to London."

What about his therapy? I don't even know if going back would be safe. It's just too early for that.

"You have to ask Blake about it," I replied. "He's in charge of this situation. I mean-you two had this deal thing. I'm not coming in between that. You two sort it out."

Chad seriously looked deflated. He sighed loudly and finished my entire coffee.

"Dude-you finished my entire coffee, you better make me a new one!"

"Bummer." he muttered as he sauntered to where the coffee pot was located.

It was one thirty when I came out of the shower. I was already packed and ready to go at eleven. Chad and I danced for a solid hour and half. The whole session revived my body.

I'm still a little worried about what Blake and I have at this moment and for some reason I feel like I should bring it up again. Things happened quickly last night and we didn't really underscore the important facts. With my robe on, I walked out of the bathroom towards the bedroom to get my phone with a small towel to dry out my wet hair.

I called Dr. Murray and informed her about my recent change of plans and cancelled today's session. I made an arrangement to conduct the sessions over the phone. She booked Tuesday and Thursday afternoon for me. I somehow feel comforted by this, knowing I have someone to talk to without malice or without judging me.

My phone beeped with a text message as I entered the bathroom to do my make-up. It was from Kyle. Hey! Just checking if you're okay? I know how freaked out you were last night. I'm here whenever you need me. I miss you badly.

I miss him too but I don't know how Blake would react if I continue being close to him. Okay-he'd be furious if he'd found out. But how do I ditch my best friend of over a decade? That's just not possible. I decided to text him back. I'm good! I'm actually going to be back tonight with Blake and hopefully with Chad as well. I miss you too. What's up?

"Babylove! I'll be joining you guys. Blake just got here and he said yes. I have to pack quickly or he'll change his mind or something, ta-ta!" Chad shrieked for a minute then left in a flash. That man is something else entirely. I can't believe he almost killed himself over a month ago. Thank God he didn't succeed, I thought with a pang of guilt.

It doesn't matter how many times Dr. Murray said that it wasn't my fault, I still feel like I could've done something, anything to prevent it. But I guess we all have our own crosses to bear and this is one is mine.

I applied my usual make-up do with tons of mascara, tinted moisturizer and just a swipe of peach gloss. I was dabbing my lips when I saw Blake stared at me in the mirror smiling lazily. My heart accelerated at the sight of him. I guess I have to get used to seeing him smile at me again? I admit that I got the hang of his usual brooding mood when he's around me.

His hugged me from behind and enveloped me with his large frame. "You've been plaguing my mind since I left the bed this morning. I didn't pay much attention to the damned meeting because all I can think about is you," his husky voice murmured in my ear. My body shivered involuntarily.

With a swift kick of his foot, he closed the door. "Aren't we going to be late? We have to leave soon?" My giggles were high pitched because he was doing a great job driving me crazy, nibbling and biting my earlobe.

"The jet leaves when I say we leave. One of the perks of being the boss."

I closed my eyes as he untied my robe and touched my naked body. "God Blake-" I moaned when his hand started to part my fold. I opened my legs a little wider to give him access. His other hand was teasing my nipple while his lips were still around my ear and neck area, sucking and biting. My hand reached up and touched his head.

"Open your eyes. Watch me touch you. Watch us make love."

Oh, God. This is beyond erotic. This would be a first with mirrors.

I slightly opened my eyes and was staggered how we both looked. I looked....sensual and carnal.

"I'm sorry cara, but I have to have you now or I'll go crazy." He promptly had me bent over the bathroom counter and entered me from behind. "BLOODY. FUCKING. HELL. Your cunt always feels like f**king heaven." My mind was totally blank from the grueling demands of his hard thrusting. "You're not giving this cunt to another man! Do you hear me, Sienna?" he snarled with raging anger.

"Yes, I heard you," I whispered back, a little confused to his rather sudden change of darkened mood.

"YOU'RE. NOT. GOING. TO. FUCK. KYLE." Each word was emphasized with a fiercely brutal callous thrust.

"Answer me! You're not f**king Matthews ever again!" Blake hissed cruelly.

"I won't, Blake. I promise....I won't." I wanted to yell back but what came out with moans along with my words. He pulled out, lifted me off, opened the door and went straight to the bedroom. He captured my lips and demolished them ferociously as he slid my body over his cock. He hastily placed us on the bed whilst kissing and f**king me at the same time. He started to pummel me harder and I gripped his ass with my nails, encouraging him. "Blake-yes....like just that!" I panted with sensual excitement. My orgasm was building and he pinned my knees and pressed them on my br**sts, impaling me. "Keep going-FUCK! You're so good!" I sobbed the words out as my orgasm almost peaked.

"Blaaaaaake!" I screamed as my orgasm shook my body and he kept on plunging and ramming his hard c**k inside me. He enclosed both of his hands on my neck, his momentum changed from rough and fast, to rapidly crazed and primitive. Another orgasm rocked my already shaken body while we both screamed in unison, as he too reached his climax. His forehead connected with mine as we gathered and heaved for air.

Blake's c**k was still twitching and unloading inside me when he looked at me dead-on. "If you have sex with Kyle or any other man for that matter, I will ruin you and rip you to shreds-and then some."

Shocked at his blatant threat I couldn't utter a sound. "Think about the consequences before you open your legs again for another man!" Why does he keep ranting on about this?

"I have never cheated on you, Blake. When I had sex with Kyle, we weren't even together then! You can shove your threats somewhere else!" My hissed tone made him even more furious.

"I don't want another man touching you! You were mine the minute you shoved my c**k inside you that night but that didn't matter an inch to you, did it? You happily obliged and opened your legs to him and let his dick f**k you senseless! I can't accept that! I can't bloody f**king forget it!"

I sat up, shaken from his confession. He sat at the edge of the bed. He looked crushed and miserable. "Blake...."

"Did you enjoy it, Sienna?"

Oh, no. Don't do this. Don't go there.

"Blake...." I pleaded.

"I want you to be honest. Did you or did you not ENJOY HIM FUCKING YOU?"

Fuck! I don't want to lose him again. We barely just got back together and now this. But I can't lie either....

"Yes, I did enjoy it." He violently cursed and bit his knuckle. He was in so much pain because of me. I felt wretched and so awful about what I'd done.

"How many times?" he said through gritted teeth.

"What?" I whispered, horrified and appalled. Did he just ask that? WTF!

"I asked how many times did you let him f**k you OR better yet, did you f**k him too?"

24

Blake

"Since you want all the details, let me rehash it for you." Sienna's voice grated with sarcasm and annoyance. "He f**ked me twice on the bed, once at night and the next morning. So, that totals two."

Two times! It was one too many.

I want her. I love her. But I have no idea how to move past this rabid red-flag of jealousy. My insides churned into acid as I repeated what she just relayed to me. If she did it once, she could do it again.

"Blake. Talk to me." I turned around and faced the rotten woman. "Talk to you? What about? What the bloody f**k do you want from me, Sienna?" Every time I look at her face from here on, all I can see is her being pleasured and f**ked under Kyle Matthews or as she shagged him and screamed his name while she came.

"You, Blake....I just want you." Unbelievable. How does she do it?

I couldn't even fathom touching another woman after that Saturday night. I didn't want anyone else. After that night, I only got hard thinking about Sienna. To be quite honest, I shagged all other women after she and I broke up in the first place, and only thought about Sienna. Technically, each time I shagged, I had to think of her to get hard and needed to imagine her so I could f**k others.

"I don't know what to say or do. I genuinely am at a loss for words." I truthfully am. How can one be with someone when all is lost?

But after being with her last night-I honestly do not know how to let her go. Apart from hating her, being with her makes me feel somewhat complete. While I'm with her at sporadic times, I feel deliriously happy. What an abominable situation to be in.

She wrapped her soft arms around me from behind. Her naked br**sts were pressed on my back and my body started to stir again from the feel of her. Yes, admittedly being with Sienna rather gives me a constant erection-even in unfortunate circumstances like right now.

"Let's keep what we have right now going-whatever this is. After last night, I can't lose you-not just yet. We have to see this through. I need to be with you, Blake. Not having you in my life almost killed me. I'd rather have this than not have you at all."

Empty life and great sex?

"I wasn't planning on leaving you. It's difficult to be with you, Sienna. At most times, it gets severe and trying-but I can't walk away either. Whether I love or hate you, at the same time you're in my blood. I cannot get rid of it because you imbedded and fastened yourself inside of me. I'm not letting you go...I'm never letting you go."

"I love you Blake." She kissed the back of my neck.

I huffed out a damning sigh. I earnestly contemplated if I should have another round with her on the bed before I head to shower. Chad must be waiting outside, I have to keep going. "I have to dash and shower. We have to leave for the airport soon."

She nodded. "Do you want me to join you? I could shower again."

That would be bloody brilliant, but not. "I'd rather be alone for a bit if you don't mind."

"Okay."

"I'll meet you downstairs. Have Marcus or any of the help come fetch your things. I don't want you to do any heavy lifting and end up hurting yourself." She nervously bit her lip and nodded.

Hell, I have to get out of here before I haul her naked body back on the bed. I savagely cursed my rogue thoughts and left her bedroom.

"This will be your room for awhile." I indicated the guestroom as Chad strode inside. My guestroom was rather spacious with a large Jacuzzi tub and a steam shower large enough to fit three to four persons.

He sighed and sat on the queen-sized bed. "You know, I'm not going to try and get myself in trouble. You guys don't have to be so over protective. I'm not a child." Chad seemed discomfited and quite sad. I strode towards the wall-to-ceiling windows and stared at the traffic below.

"We know you aren't Chad. But you must understand we are only trying to help you."

"If you want to help so much, then can you please fix things with Sienna? I don't get it-you guys are both obnoxious and nauseating lately." He shook his boggled head.

Chad was Sienna's confidante and I'm quite sure the lad knew what is going on. The only person I usually confide in was Toby, but recent events had left my best man in rotten shambles since he and Lucy broke up. Toby couldn't let a day go by without cursing his beloved. What blasted luck both of us had fallen in love with such stubborn women.

"It's my fault" I told Chad. "I couldn't rein in my feelings when it comes to Matthews. Could you blame me if all I could see is her underneath Kyle?"

He gasped and placed a hand over his parted mouth. "You have got to be kidding me! Blake-don't torture yourself, that's just plain cruel. Okay, my girl totally made a screwed up decision, haven't we all? She's entitled to make mistakes too. But you need to start learning how to forgive because if you don't, how long do you think she'll stay?

"I mean-unless all your aim here is to get rid of her then you're doing one heck of a job, buddy. But if you want to keep her-this is a big no no. She loves you bozo! She chose you and not Kyle. Get than in your super smart brain!" Chad sounded exasperated and wound up; he started to pace back and forth, and stopped. "What's the deal with Camilla, Blake?"

"Whatever do you mean?"

"The business section today-it said about your grandfather stepping down and possibly an announcement about your formal engagement with her?" He paused. "I'm such an ass-congratulations about the future CEO! I seriously forgot because all I could think about was the other piece of information."

Who could possibly leak stories to the media? Cam and I haven't seen each other after that call I placed yesterday. Surely, it could be just a rumor?

"It's fairly complicated. I cannot explain it in thorough detail at this moment. But I will eventually."

"Good because I don't want my baby love to be going through any more shit cakes, you know? Just saying-if you're only after sex with her then it's best you let the bird out of its cage. I know she's free to go as she pleases-but she loves you-so that might need drastic measures-again-that is if you're only after sex."

"I want her for more than just sex-but it is complex and it isn't that simple anymore."

"Please try a little harder-it's not cool to see her like this. You better go to the other room and make her happy."

That would be quite tricky. I hated not knowing what to do.

"I'll order in food in an hour or two for dinner. I'll see you in a bit." I went to the door and strode towards my bedroom, where Sienna was unpacking her things.

I found her in the vast his and hers closet. She wore black leggings and a loose pink and black striped cotton sweater. One shoulder was exposed as she moved about. I studied her for awhile. My eyes lingered on her exposed shoulder, my mouth itched to kiss that exposed spot. I wanted to take her in my arms and kiss those pouty, soft lips but I couldn't drag myself and do it.

Instead, I locked myself in the study and did what I did best. Work.

"You have a Camilla Clayworth wanting to see if you're available?" Sandra Thornton asked in utmost businesslike manner. She's another one of my assistants, below Luke.

"Do send her in. Thank you, Sandra." She gave a curt nod and quietly left the room. I'm quite sure Cam is here to explain in grave detail how our personal agreement was leaked to the media.

My name does show up in the media-mostly on the business section. I keep my private life away from tabloid magazines and I want to keep it that way. Unlike Clive, I don't appreciate being hounded by a bunch of paparazzi trying to make your life utter living hell.

Last night, I didn't even join them during dinner. I stayed in my study and waited until I knew she was fast asleep before I let myself out. I left for work before she even woke up. Not once did I desire to touch her last night. I wanted to, but I simply couldn't. Not when I see her and Kyle intertwined in my mind each time I look at her.

I heard the door shut and saw Camilla stride towards my desk. Her hair was in a loose chignon and she wore a matching pale blue Chanel skirt suit and her nude Hermes purse. "Blake-my father let on some of his cronies and I suppose the word stretched to the media. I confided in Father after we spoke last. I was overjoyed; you see and couldn't wait a moment longer to announce it to my family."

Albert Clayworth would've been euphoric and in rapture about this news. The only matter that I was rather apprehensive about was telling the lovely Camilla how things had shifted since I last spoke with her. "Do you want any refreshments?"

"Gin and tonic should suffice, thank you." She sauntered towards the couch and carefully placed her purse on the coffee table. I went to the bar and prepared her favored drink. Once done, I handed it to her. She purposely lingered on my fingers a tad too long.

I strode towards the front of my desk and casually leaned on it. The best way to deliver bad news was to carry it out with thorough precision without fault. The last thing I wanted was to inflict pain on Camilla, but it was either that or not have Sienna in my life, and I chose the latter. Even if my relationship with Sienna at the moment was twisted and perplexed.

"Sienna and I are trying to work things out."

Camilla's eyes buggered out and she hastily placed her glass on the table with utter care before she responded. "Meaning what precisely?" She lifted an open hand and shrugged. "Fancy shagging her once or twice, or working it out to be with her like before? If it's all sex then I wouldn't mind that, not at all. I do accept that you're a virile man. But what I expect is that you keep your affairs discreet and hidden though."

How considerate, I thought dourly.

My jaws grinded. "To be quite honest, I want all of that with Sienna. But our long separation inclined us both to indulge-rather with zealous affections towards other people. But I am in love with her, Cam. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have made that call to you."

"Oh don't be ridiculous! We can still get on with the wedding and you can still have her at the same time. You win either way. She doesn't deserve you, Blake. She's just an opportunist who wants you for your money. She's nothing but a parasite who claimed to love you but conveniently let another man screw her mindless." Camilla's composure seemed to have slackened a tad bit. In normal circumstances, she wouldn't have uttered a word, but would politely nod and smile-but not today. She came with her claws out, ready to fight.

"A Mr. Andrei Alexandrov is on line one, sir." The intercom blared out with Sandra's curt voice.

Hell, the Russian tycoon I have been dealing with. For him to personally call means the deal was imminent and needed to be dealt with quickly. "Cam, I have to take this important business call. Make yourself comfortable. I will be with you as soon as I am done." I strode towards my desk and took the call. I barely glanced and waited for Camilla to respond. She knew the how these things work. She was brought up primed to marry the rich and powerful.

The call with Alexandrov took a good thirty minutes. When I looked for Camilla, she wasn't around-but her purse was still on the table. I finally found her in the annex apartment.

"How did you manage to find this place? I never once showed it to you." I wondered out loud when I found her staring at Sienna's portraits. She had a looked of wonderment about her eyes when she stared back at Sienna.

What rather came next was an unexpected icy revelation. "I know everything about you Blake. Every single woman you slept with. All your ins and outs but most of all, I know what has been going on with her." She pointed a finger towards Sienna's picture.

What did she mean by all of my ins and outs? That's rather creepy and a tad stalker-ish. "Are you having me followed? That's absurd! Why on earth would you bloody do such a foolish thing?" My loud shrill made her flinch.

"If I was going to be your future wife, I had to know what you'd been up to. The mere truth that I am in love with you-it eased my mind to know that you were doing okay. Well up until things changed between you and Sienna. I liked her best when you two were friends."

Camilla has been following my life for quite awhile then. Has she met Sienna? I cannot believe I didn't see this one coming. Bloody f**k!

"What do you know about Sienna?" I asked through gritted teeth.

"Everything Blake." She whispered and looked back on Sienna's pictures again. "Why do you want her so much? Is it sex? If it is, I can be better. Just teach me and show me what to do. I could please you the way she does. I'll do anything for you, just marry me like how we planned before she came and ruined everything." She snarled at Sienna's face. She loathed Sienna-her voice and face gave her away.

"I am not going to marry you, Camilla-not now, not ever. There's nothing I can do for you, so please leave my office."

"I will stop pursuing this issue if you do two things, and then I'll be out of your life." Who would've thought the ever sweet Camilla had a conniving side to her?

She's after money? What else? "Take me as your date to your company's next week's Friday night gala. The second one, you will sleep with me again, goodbye sex nothing more." My back stiffened and tensed. She expected me to do what?

"What the bloody f**k do you fancy playing at Camilla? I will not be coerced into doing something I won't do. If you want to shag, I can arrange that for you. Gladly."

She stood up and stood before me. "I do not want another man. I want you. It's either you concede to my demands or there will be severe consequences."

My mood thundered with her threats. "I don't work well with threats. I cannot oblige your ultimatums. You will stop this maddening obsession and move on."

She exhaled and looked conflicted. She knew I would rather keel over than oblige her blasted threats.

"You are going to regret this Blake!" She haughtily marched out of the apartment and slammed the door shut on her way out of the office.

Camilla was deranged. A raving bat-shit, loony bin-bound crazy!

Unbloodyfuckingbelievable.

Another measure of absurdity was just added to my chaotic life.

I pulled out my phone and called my grandfather's head of security. It's high time I pay heed to my grandfather's request and have one for myself. I can't have another incident of being followed without knowing. I have Sienna to protect and I can't have her exposed or be in any danger.

Before I ended the call, I also requested Camilla's apartment to be swiped clean of any connection to me. I needed her laptop and all other devices to be swiped clean.

I didn't want to take any more risks. She knew too much about me and about Sienna. That alone was enough to send alarm bells ringing.

25

Sienna

Chad and I decided to meet up for lunch in Locanda Locatelli on Seymour Street. I've been in school and spoke to one of my teachers. Classes were soon over and winter break was on the horizon. That entailed Christmas. Where do I spend it this year? I wondered in dejectedly.

Last year, I spent it with Blake, Luce and Toby. Toby's birthday is on the twenty fourth, the day before Christmas. Toby took us to his distant Aunt's chalet in Courchevel in Tarentaise Valley or part of the famed The Three Valleys (Les Trois Vallees) in the French Alps.

The holiday season's a very sensitive and delicate subject, especially to an orphan like me. I used to spend it with Kyle and his family. I know his family would welcome me with open arms but I couldn't simply do that to Kyle. I would rather be miserable on Christmas than hurt Kyle again.

Last Christmas, Blake and I stargazed as we tucked ourselves in a heated blanket. We were warmed by an outdoor fireplace as we studied the stars. I remembered a moment where he looked at me weird, well I thought it weird back then. But now when I recalled his face, I think he wanted to kiss me but held back. I'd give anything to have that man back in my life.

For two nights in a row, he slept on his side of the bed. He thought I was asleep but I wasn't. I've been waiting up for him and made sure he was fast asleep before I turned over and studied his sleeping face. I am in his life-but only a part of it. How long could I possibly endure him treating me like this? Did he find me repugnant and disgusting?

I knew Chad was already inside the restaurant, so I strolled in and looked for my friend. To my surprise, Luke was with him. "Hello, hello!" I greeted both gentlemen with a delighted smile.

"Hello, Sienna! Sorry to intrude but I won't be long. I needed to see my boyfriend for a second then I head back to work." Luke took another sip of his wine and stood up.

"Oh, of course. No need for apologies. We should get together soon."

He kissed Chad and gave me a chaste peck on the cheek. The dashing blonde smiled, "Certainly. I'll call you guys soon."

Luke and Chad make the hottest g*y couple. I wasn't being biased or anything, but they absolutely do.

"The poor Luke couldn't keep his hands off you, babe." I teased the ever beaming Chad.

"I know, right? I truly think he's my soul mate, baby love. I've never felt this kind of connection with any of my boytoys before. I feel like I've known him all my life-but I've just met him. It's weird, but you know what I mean?"

I took a copious sip of my wine. The soul mate crap was total crock of shit. But for Chad, I'd summon my happy face. "I know what you mean babe. I'm so happy for you!" I reached over and pinched his cheek. I have this odd habit with him and only him. I suppose I love him to bits and he's just so adorable when he's irresistibly happy.

"Blake will be joining us by the way. He should be here soon." My body tensed when he mentioned his name. Boy, I got it so bad for him.

"Right," I uttered under my breath as the waiter came by and refilled my glass of wine, which was down in half in a quick second.

"Oh here comes-the mighty Knightly," Chad announced. Dressed in his signature all black designer suit, he sauntered in with confidence. He looked powerfully hot and dominated the room with clear authority. Women did a double take and gave him covetous stares. Sigh, the daily life of being Blake.

Must I endure an entire meal with him being indifferent to me? Maybe I could excuse myself and leave....

"Chad, Sienna." He greeted us and softly grazed my cheek. His personal delicious scent enveloped my already hot and screaming senses. He sat across me, next to Chad.

"Blake," I muttered, a little breathy.

Oh yeah, I had to clench my thighs just looking at him. My body has its own stupid mind and I had no clue how to stop it. He once told me my body knew its master....could he be right? Because my body started to melt and simmer before his eyes.

"Have you guys ordered?" He casually inquired as he browsed through the menu with total coolness.

"We did-I mean I took the liberty in ordering for Sienna," Chad said. "She always orders the same thing anyway." True, I do order the same salmon dish. But I'd rather delve into the dessert section and skip the meal this time.

When the waiter took Blake's order, I hastily added my tiramisu and Amedei cioccolato-to be served along with my entree.

"Jesus, Sienna. Are you pregnant or something?" Chad found it funny, but I was mortified. Blake totally looked aghast and shocked. Great, this is stupid and so messed up! I'm going to strangle Chad with my bare hands.

"Right, hell the f**k no! My uterus is not bothering you, or is it Chad?-if not, mind your own business!" I snapped back. My sarcastic retort made him realize his joke wasn't at all funny.

"I'm sorry," Chad apologized. "That was a little rude, forgive me."

You bet you're sorry ass. I nodded in annoyance.

Blake cleared his throat. I looked at anywhere, but at him. "I actually wanted to speak to you about work, Chad. The Marbella casino design needs a little revision. The design team and I couldn't agree on anything feasible. I was hoping your artful eye can look into it? If things go according to plan, I want you to head the team. Your work is impressive. Each portrait evoked an emotion and I want the same kind of beauty to surround my clients when they enter the Casino. If this project succeeds under you, I might just indulge you in doing the hotel as well."

"Holy shit, that's like mammoth work! Imagine the publicity that could give me! WOW! I am so qualified for this! Art and design is what I live for! Of course, I would so do it for you! Are you on crack?!!!" Chad shrieked with sheer astonishment.

This kind gesture would revive Chad's confidence and would undeniably cement his name as an artist. Blake no doubt needed help with his hired design team and I'm positive that he could hire anyone he desired. But he chose an amateur, Chad, to do it. His confidence in Chad spoke volumes. And the plain fact that he'd take extra measures to ensure Chad is on his way to proper recovery-and what a recovery it'll be! He looked out for people he cared about. That much was obvious.

"What's your going rate?" Blake lightly enquired to the gaping Chad.

"Nah uh, you won't pay me dude! This is the least I could do for you after what you've done for me. Consider this labor of love and redemption."

"If you're quite sure, I don't want to take advantage of a recovering friend."

The food arrived and my eyes landed squarely on my dolce indulgence. "Yes, quite totally sure!" Chad smirked at my blissful face. I barely touched my entree and satiated my gnawing appetite for sweets.

I finished it with record speed and took the opportunity to excuse myself and leave them both. Being this near with Blake-and wide awake, not asleep-made me anxious. Our relationship is at a standstill. But neither he nor I had the nerve to bring up the daunting subject. I suppose we're both cowards in that respect.

I was done with school for the day and had nowhere to go, really. So, I decided to be frivolous and treated myself (I needed the works) to the Sanctuary Spa in Covent Garden, a short walk from my flat. I have yet to come back to my own apartment. Since Blake decided that I had to sleep with him (more like next to him at this rate), I seem to have forgotten my own life.

My beauty jaunt finally finished at six and I darted to Blake's in Mayfair. It took four and a half hours of blissful massages, scrubbing, waxing, facials (loved the pure oxygen blast), and mani/pedi.

I checked my phone and smiled when I found a text from Kyle. Yo! A few peeps from motherland passing through Friday. Let me know if you can join us!

Who's all coming to visit? I replied. The idea of seeing familiar faces sounded like a good idea right now.

It's Mickey and the gang. Are you coming through or what? I would love to but I didn't want to promise and end up not showing up. I will try. I will get back to you Friday.

My phone beeped almost immediately. Come on. You gotta try! Yeah, I will.

That's the tricky part....Going without having Blake throw a boiling showdown. I will try Kyle. You know I will, k?

I shoved my phone back to my purse as the cab stopped in front of Blake's building. I paid and thanked the cabbie.

When the elevator opened its doors, I knew Luke and Chad were pattering about in the kitchen. Their loud teasing and constant bickering made it evident as they laughed and teased each other. The smell of dinner cooking permeated the air. Both gents sounded ecstatic. I grinned silly as I passed by the kitchen and entered Blake's bedroom. My grin instantly vanished when I saw Blake come out of the bathroom, freshly showered with only a white towel wrapped around his hips. It hung loosely and the apparent V on his hips that pointed downwards to his groin-made me drool on the spot. Not to mention his defined chest and chiseled abs made me downright breathless. Hard, defined, bronze masculine beauty at its rawest and finest! What a hot piece of....

Move bitch and don't look back, I mentally screamed at myself.

"How was your afternoon, Sienna?" His placid, formal tone made me snap into reality.

Yeah, ice man is back.

"It was fabulous." I delivered with great fake enthusiasm and sprinted towards the walk-in closet. I'd rather eat dirt than let him know that his indifference affected me a great deal.

My butt barely reached the large rectangular closet chair when Blake strode in the closet and stood before me. Oh my God! Can't he put some clothes on before he decides to talk to me? I'm about to faint just by having him this close to me, staring me down with those infinite pools of gold-flecked midnight silver eyes.

"I wanted to tell you that there's a company gala on New Year's Eve. I already informed Chad and everyone. The company made an announcement but this time, William will formally announce his retirement and appoint me as his successor."

Right, cheery-o mate! Congratulations? Is that what he expected me to say? His annoying icy formal demeanor makes me want to pull all of his hair out just to see if I can get a reaction. His impartial take on my feelings and obvious disdain, made the dagger in my heart twist a little bit more.

"Is that all?" my alienated, hollowed voice rasped out. He cocked his face as if to say something then decided against it and left the room hastily.

I exhaled a heavy sigh and composed myself. I dragged myself to change and joined the merry couple outside to help prepare for dinner. Playing pretend was a more palatable option than facing the icy fact of my present problem.

After dinner, Luke decided to stay over. I'm sure it was rather odd to be sleeping in the house of the man you work for-but Blake made him at ease. Good to know he's all accommodating and nice to everyone. It was only me who was excluded in this cozy realm.

Blake stuck to his usual night time routine. He went out like a light the second his head hit the pillow and as far away from me as possible.

Must be nice to be him, I thought acidly.

These past few nights, I've been sleeping rather late than usual. Apart from dark circles, the only good thing I gained from my standing nightly vigil was that my nightmares were not hounding me.

26

Sienna

When Friday rolled around, I still haven't mentioned anything to Blake about my friends from LA who are all staying over at Kyle's house. It's not that I'm scared to mention it, but it was more like being weary about the simple truth that things aren't hearts and roses between Blake and me.

Earlier, when I spoke to my classmate, Aloy, she mentioned great internship programs with PR companies and other opportunities for us to help out during London Fashion Week (which I totally missed two months ago). I marked my iPad calendar with the registration date for the 2013 week. The LFW would be a great reference for me if I want to compete in the volatile world of Fashion. The PR internship would be a great way to see another side of brand marketing and I want to take advantage of these great opportunities that my school offered.

I flipped both of the grilled cheese sandwiches and waited for them to be golden and crispy. I'm making Chad and I grilled cheese sandwiches and fresh tomato soup. The weather outside was freezing and a good tomato soup was in order. I loved grilled cheese with my tomato soup. My papa always made it for me and it was one of those things that reminded me of my good childhood with my dad.

Even though the temperature in Blake's apartment was about seventy degrees, Chad was in his sweats. Once the sandwiches were done, I placed them on separate plates and took out two deep bowls for the soup. "Chaaaaaad! Food's ready!"

I went over to the coffee maker and started a pot while I hummed along as I moved about. "Oh, you made lunch?" I stiffened upon hearing his voice. Wasn't he supposed to be at work or something?

"You never mentioned you were coming over and besides, I made grilled cheese-I'm not too sure if you like them."

"Where did you get that notion? Do you not remember the time when you came over with grilled cheese and tomato soup when I was rottenly sick? I'd never had grilled cheese before that-but I loved that you took care of me then."

How could I forget? I stayed over like a good doting friend would for two days to make sure he was breathing and not about to die. He got really ill after that safari trip in Africa.

"Oh, um, do you want to eat with us? I can make another one." Why are we talking again? What the heck happened to ice man? I wanted to ask him but bit my tongue.

"If it's not too much of an inconvenience-then that would be quite lovely."

"You never said you were joining us for lunch mighty Knightly." Chad strode in the kitchen along with his laptop in his right hand.

"Mighty Knightly?" Blake looked amused. "That's comical."

Chad took the food and placed it on the breakfast table. "It's fitting....that's all." Chad chuckled and started to boot his laptop. "I've been working on ideas, Blake. But I will let you know once I'm done. I want to present them to you with mockups and such."

While I started to make another sandwich, Blake was right behind me. I tensed at his close proximity and was extremely baffled by his change of attitude. Wait-could it be-possibly because he finally got over what I did? Could it? God, I hope so. I really want to move forward and just be us again.

"That's an excellent idea. I meant to tell you that the design team wants to get in touch and talk to you. I could give you their emails and you can CC them with your ideas or you can meet up with them in Marbella and speak to them directly. Which is best for you? The team has a month and half to decide before deadline.

Chad nodded and frowned at his screen. It's great to see him in his element again. I can't be any more proud of him. What a brave, strong man.

"I take both of you want coffee? I'll make it," Blake offered.

"Yes, please," Chad and I echoed together.

Blake moved about and prepared three cups of coffee and placed them on the table. Once everything was set, all three of us sat on the table. Blake placed a glass of orange juice next to my coffee. I frowned, "Uh....I didn't ask for juice?"

He shrugged, "you need vitamin C, Sienna. All I see you drink is coffee as of late." HUH.

"Okaaaay." Odd-and super weird.

Chad giggled and started singing LOVE by Nat King Cole.

L is for the way you look at me

O is for the only one I see

V is very, very extraordinary

E is even more than anyone that you adore can

Love is all that I can give to you

Love is more than just a game for two

Two in love can make

Take my heart and please don't break it

Love was made for me and you

He kept eyeing both Blake and I as he sang. Chad even wiggled his brows when he sang 'Love was made for me and you' part. It was really ridiculous and very cute but I couldn't take any more of the beautiful song. "Chad- you have a beautiful voice but this isn't the X Factor!" I chided him knowing quite well the song was meant for us and not him. But it was a touchy subject.

Much to my dismay, Blake just laughed. "Bravo, Chad! You should list singing in your bright resume." Why was he amused anyway? Grrrr.

I dipped my grilled cheese in my tomato soup and took a large bite. I choked on what came on Blake's mouth next. "You should sing at my wedding. I love that song." Uh, WHAT THE FUCK?! Wedding? To whom? Camilla?

I coughed and Blake patted my back. My entire body tingled from his touch. I wanted to die right then and there. He hasn't really touched me in four days. FOUR long agonizing days of him ignoring my existence.

"I'm fine," I murmured, hoping he'd take his hand off my back which he did-after a long minute.

Both men engaged into discussion about themes, designs and whatever else I didn't want to pay attention to. I just wanted to finish my lunch and dash out of the kitchen. The shrill sound of my phone came just in time and I got up and grabbed it off the kitchen counter.

Kyle. Shall I or shall I not? I contemplated in haste. Curiosity won out.

"Hello?"

"Doll!!!! Where the hell are you? I'm really pissed that you weren't at Heathrow when we arrived earlier!" Jen a little miffed but excited at the same time. Heck, Kyle never mentioned Jen was coming too. Or did he? No, definitely not. That's something I wouldn't have forgotten. Not Jen.

"BABE! I wasn't told you were coming. I thought it was Mick and the boys. So, so sorry! You know I wouldn't miss you for the world!" I really wouldn't. Now, I'm going to light Kyle's ass on fire for not mentioning this to me.

I went out of the kitchen because I noticed both guys were eavesdropping. I needed to get dressed and go see Jen ASAP. With my phone tucked tightly between my ear and shoulder, I quickly took my clothes off. Down to my electric blue lace thong, I paced back and forth in the vast closet as I listened to her and figured out what I wanted to wear.

"....so I declined Caleb's proposal you know... I mean, I have yet to finish school. Why do I need to rush to be a housewife? Come on, seriously. He totally ruined our relationship. It was doing so well until that hella big explosion."

I stopped pacing when she mentioned "proposed." What's with men rushing to get married these days and women backtracking?

"Hold it-proposed? And you declined? That couldn't have gone down well. He's such a great guy Jen!" I met Caleb once when Kyle dragged me to see Jen.

"I know....doll. But come on! Anyhow, get your cute bum here before I decide to come and get you and end up getting lost around here. Gawd, you never said London had some totally cute men! Okay-the guys are hollering me to finish. Kyle's taking us out-see you soon doll and be quick!" Jen immediately ended the call before I had the chance to say a word.

I grunted in frustration. I'm a little pissed at Kyle for not mentioning Jen and now I'm antsy about telling Blake that I'm about to head out and meet my friends, Kyle included.

"Sienna?" Blake strode in but instantly stopped when he saw me in my almost naked state. He swallowed, his eyes darkened and roved boldly over my body.

Yeah, buster! You've missed out on this for awhile, haven't you? I thought provokingly. I didn't even bother putting on a robe. What's the point?

Since I felt a little naughty and his reaction gave me enough boost to confidently taunt him. HA! "Did you want something, Blake?" my voice, throaty and seductive. Inviting.

His eyes lingered at my br**sts a tad longer before his eyes landed on mine. My, my, he's certainly having a hard time concentrating. His arousal was obvious against his black Armani slacks. "I, uh-came to tell you that," he cleared his throat, "I'm going away for three weeks to America, New York and Texas specifically then Brazil. I'll join everyone in France before Christmas."

Three weeks? That long...without him? Shit.

He cleared his throat again. Was he nervous or something? "That is if you're joining us in France. Are you going to?"

Toby did text me this morning but I haven't decided yet. I know Chad and Luke are going with them. Luce? I had no clue yet-most probably not, given the obvious situation.

Three weeks. HUH. "I haven't thought about it. Toby sent me an invite but I haven't responded." I bit my lip, my brows furrowed.

This is so weird. Is it going to be like this between Blake and me from now on? Just plain....weird?

"I see. Right."

"When are you leaving?" my voice squeaked.

"In a few hours, I actually came back to pack."

I simply nodded. "I'm just going to change and I'll be out. I know your closet is on the other side-but you know-in case you need space or something." Blake placed his hands inside his pockets and leaned on the mirrored wall.

"Off to somewhere? Mind if I ask your destination?"

Ick. I turned around and pretended to go through my clothes. "I'm off to see my friends from back home who are visiting. They're all staying at Kyle's. So.....yup."

'So.....yup?' Seriously, Sienna? Fudge.

Blake was behind me in an instant. His heat radiated off me. He was so close but yet so far. I closed my eyes and tried to calm my jumbled thoughts. Things are harder when it's the guy who decided to stop touching you. When it's the other way around, men can easily seduce the woman into submission. I mean, I could try seducing him-but I'm nearly naked now and still he doesn't touch me. My confidence just took a nosedive along with my ego.

"Are you going to be staying there, with him?" His tone was very low, but the underlying threat and anger was evident.

"No. I'll be back to sleep here, if that makes you....comfortable?" I was going to say happy, but I'm not too sure anymore. Nothing with Blake made sense any more.

"Make sure that you do. There will be a car and a driver waiting for you downstairs once you're done. Use that while I'm not here. I don't want to hear any more incidents, Sienna. Do I make myself clear?"

Crystal. Incidents meaning Kyle Matthews. Why doesn't he take my word for it? He and I weren't even together! Yet he acts like we were together, married or something when I did it. I know it's not an excuse....but what was I supposed to do? FML!

"Whatever, Blake, Are you about done? I need to hurry up and get dressed. I don't want to keep Kyle waiting!" I snapped back at him and tried to move away but he caged me before I got away.

He growled like an animal next to my ear. His hot body pressed against mine, hard. His arousal pressured against the back of my hips. My body primitively melted at the feel of his burning hot groin. "Don't play games with me. I'm not to be trifled with, Sienna!"

I swallowed, a bit unsettled. "I was merely joking, Blake," I whispered.

"Well, I bloody wasn't joking. Choose wisely, if you must! Pay heed my beautiful one because there will be no next time." I did choose him. I did, didn't I? Then why was he acting like a brute?

I turned around and faced Blake. "Why are you being so difficult?" If looks could kill, I would've been six feet into the ground in a second.

"Because I do not f**king TRUST you!" he thundered, eyes almost dark as the night.

"I know. Don't you think I don't know that? These last few days proved that. If you don't want to be with me-then say so! Don't keep me hanging like this. I agreed to be with you because I didn't think it'd be like this. I don't want to be with you if you're going to treat me like dirt!!!

"I love you, but....I can't degrade myself anymore than I have already. I'm worth more than that. I am more than that! So, let me go. Let's just walk away before we ruin ourselves more." My eyes stared at his dress shirt button. I couldn't look at him or I might just fall apart and be back in his blinding spell.

My throat constricted. "Let me go, Blake," I whispered.

This has to end. This madness has to stop. We're hurting each other more as time goes on.

"I....can't. No. I cannot let you go." His voice shook against my forehead. "My actions for the last few days have been loathsome to say the least-but you must understand the strain and the type of wretchedness I'm under. Every night, I come to bed angry and frustrated as hell. I want you-I yearn to touch you but it's hard for me to do so."

"Then touch me-I need to feel you, just something....to be close to you."

"I can't," he said, hollowed and pained.

I guess there's nothing more to say is there? I thought as I nodded and fled the closet. I locked myself in the darkened bathroom and cried silently. This is the worst kind of rejection to endure. Why the hell was I holding on to something that's not there anymore? Scolding and berating myself at the same time. My desperation and my addiction to be with him won against common sense. Am I that pathetic? If he didn't want me, then why the heck does he want me around? He probably wants a lap dog or an adoring fan that thought the world of him. I fitted and checked on all counts moronic.

The door handle wiggled. "Sienna, open up."

I sniffed and wiped my tears with my hands. "I need a moment, Blake."

"Let me in. Please." Damn it, I'm such a pitiful woman, I thought as I budged and opened the blasted door slightly.

"Listen, I apologize. That was rather crass and cruel of me." He was only speaking the truth, that I simply disgusted him.

Hurtful, yes. But truth hurts, right?

"It's fine. You were speaking about the truth and how you felt-that you found me repulsive. But that's okay-I'll move out tomorrow."

"You're not leaving, yet again. You are not!"

I sighed. "This is stupid, do you know that? I'm tired. This is not working out. It was good while it lasted." I brushed past him but he caught my wrist. He swiftly tugged me and lifted me on the bathroom counter.

His hand held my cheek as his lips hovered around my ear. "I don't find you repulsive. You're the most beautiful woman my eyes ever beheld. You light me up like no other woman can. It only takes one look and you have me praising at your feet. It has been difficult-to feel this hateful mistrust and yet love you at the same time. I cannot lose you. Please, don't leave me. I promise I'll do better."

This is aggravating and I groaned, upset with this whole thing with Blake. I stared back at the man who owned my heart. I'm sorry, my eyes pleaded.

I captured his lips and waited for him to yank away from me, but he didn't. In fact, he deepened the kiss. My legs parted as he positioned himself in between them. We both groaned in unison when my sex felt his hardness.

"Sienna......" he moaned as he kissed my chest and bit my nipple. I threw my head back from the aching sensation. Dear God, has it been only four days? Why does it feel like it's been forever since he's touched me?

"Blake, please-take me. Take me any way you want." A guttural sound came from him as he ripped off my thong in one quick tug.

FUCK. YES!!!!!!

Blake crushed his lips against mine. Strong arms lifted me off the counter and I hooked my legs around his hips as we kissed, starved and insatiable.

He carried me towards the bedroom and flung me roughly on the middle of the massive bed. I stared wide-eyed at Blake, whose eyes blatantly ravaged my naked body. He tugged his tie free and slowly undid his buttons, one at a time. God, he looks so hot and beautiful!

He's stripping and I'm so turned on. My eyes burned gold as I looked at him through my lashes. He peeled off his dress shirt, simply unhurried. I started to touch my br**sts as I watched him shed off his clothing. His magnificent physique never failed to astound me. He tugged his belt free as my left hand trailed south and found my mound. With my legs parted, I slowly touched myself and greedily watched him. My middle finger rubbed my clitoris as his slacks fell on the floor. I bit my bottom lip at the sight of his arousal.

Perfection, I thought greedily. His thumbs pushed the bands of his black boxer briefs down and he stepped out of them. His colossal erection was a welcome sight. Blake watched me as he roughly stroked his cock-up and down-making the tips of his shaft quite engorged, thick veins etched his cock. Oh, yeah. He's definitely turned on!

"Come and get me." My voice hoarse and breathy.

"Don't think I won't, my sweet. Because I am ravenous-and this perfect delectable body of yours is enough to satisfy my greedy appetite." His eyes zeroed in on my pu**y. Yes, please!

My breathing hitched as he lowered himself and crawled in between my parted legs, above my heated body. "I want to taste you-but my need exceeds that. I need to be inside you-NOW!" He cursed as he shoved his c**k inside me. I felt my pu**y stretch to accommodate his massive size as he gently teased and eased himself in and out of me. I rubbed my clit harder, making the sensations even more potent and intoxicating. Each thrust took him further in, until his c**k was fully inside me.

I moaned his name.

"My God, Blake..." I gasped. "....I need you....rough."

He laughed over my nipple and bit into it. Shit cakes. "Patience, my love. We barely started."

Blake withdrew his c**k and flipped me on my stomach. "Close your eyes and relax. I want you to feel everything I'm giving you." He kissed the back of my neck, then nibbled my ear lobe. I followed his command and closed my eyes. He moved and I heard a drawer open and close. He lifted my ass and placed two pillows under my stomach. His hands parted my ass cheeks and I tensed when I felt the tip of his tongue on my anus. I wasn't sure if I was mortified because it felt good or because it was my anus?

"Relax."

"Erm... I'm trying." I mumbled as his finger dug out some of my pu**y juice and slid it back to my anus. He glided his finger back and forth as his tongue teased that spot some more. His ministrations started to make me relaxed.

Blake eased two fingers inside me while he licked and probed my anus. "Blaaake...." I moaned with delight. I knew what he wanted and I will gladly give it to him.

With his fingers pulled out and his tongue off my anus, he shuffled and positioned himself above me. The tip of his shaft stabbed my pu**y entrance but he didn't push any further. Okay.... I thought as I heard a soft click of something....

I gasped when I felt a drizzle of extremely icy hot/cold liquid land on my anal hole and continued to drip further down to my pu**y. I heard another snap and Blake grabbed my hips and pummeled my pu**y with a hot/cold liquid coated cock. "OH MY GOD!" I screamed. This feeling was....seriously out of this world! It felt so shockingly amazing.

Blake chuckled. "That's always a great compliment when you call me God!" He grabbed a handful of my hair, twisted his wrist and f**ked me harder. I panted and my body exploded like a limpet.

My pu**y felt like it was on fire and at the same time it was freaking cold. The sensations were driving my body to a cataclysmic orgasm. His balls slapped harder against my clit and I reached my hand down to double my ecstasy. "Ba-be-I'm coming!" My voice shrieked as Blake took his momentum to another level and inserted his thumb in my anus. Hell, my man seriously knows how to f**k like a God!

I shivered as my body shook with my orgasm. Blake pulled out and slightly nudged his engorged head on my anal entrance. My ongoing orgasm made it easier for me to take him. His c**k eased further inside. He howled. "FUCK SIENNA! Your ass feels bloody amazing!"

He drove until all of his manhood was cloaked inside me, moving in a leisured and measured manner. Once my body got used to the unfamiliar onslaught, he shifted and started to take me harder than before. "Keep touching your clit, love. That's right." I bit my bottom lip as I followed his request. Once my fingers found my cleft, I buckled at the mind-numbing sensation. The feeling was quite....phenomenal! I thought mindlessly. My pu**y squirted more juice and I rubbed myself even harder.

"Can I take you rough?"

I grunted. Was he really serious?

"For the love of everything I believe in, you can take me as you please, Blake!"

He made another animalistic noise and took me hard and fast. Blake mounted me like a horse and whacked my pulsated, trembling womanhood with great force.

I screamed and stuffed my face in the pillow to muffle the sobs and screams I was making. It didn't take long for another orgasm to hit me. My body vibrated and became limp from all these mind-blowing orgasms I was getting. With a few more thrusts, Blake climaxed and bellowed my name. He pushed a few more times, his c**k twitched as emptied his seed in my womb.

He shuddered against my back and kissed my shoulder. "I'm all yours."

With a contented sigh, he pulled out and gathered me next to him. He took my chin and looked me in the eye. "I love you. Forgive me for being such an unmitigated arse. I don't want to ever lose you again, Sienna." His voice shook, and he suddenly looked so unsure of himself.

"Thank you for apologizing. Yes-you were being an ass-but you're forgiven as long as that ice man facade is gone. I want you back, Blake."

"Ice man huh?" he laughed as he kissed my lips. "I am enslaved to you and your bewitching beauty my love. I tried to run and deny it. But I couldn't hide from what my own heart knows-it only beats the truth. And the truth is that I am a fool. Without you, I am nothing but emptiness."

I melted all over again. Who wouldn't when he has a way with words?

"I love you too, Blake."

27

Sienna

It has been two weeks and five days since I last saw Blake and two more days to go before I finally see him. But who's counting?

Finals were finally over and I relished the thought that I will be Christmas shopping today. Chad's been preoccupied with his design project and the idea for another art show exhibition has been floating about in his head.

I was in the kitchen drinking my coffee and browsing online. I was having a hard time deciding what to get Blake for his Christmas present.

"Yoohoo. Anybody home?" Lucy called out.

"I'm in the kitchen!"

"I've been calling you lot but no one ever picks up! Am I being shunned without my knowledge?" She complained as she sat across from me at the table.

"No, hun that's ridiculous. I had finals and Chad's busy with his Marbella casino design project. What's up? Do you want to go Christmas shopping with me?"

"I would love to-but I got my family presents before they up and left me all by my lonesome." She got up and went over to get some coffee. "Where did you guys get these cute pastries? These are marvelous!" She gushed as she took another bite.

"Freya, Blake's housekeeper, keeps us fully stocked with pastries here. One of Blake's orders-to keep me sweet, more than anything." Blake's been away but he's made sure I'm well taken care of. I had Richard to drive me around and I had Gareth as security to tag along. Trust me, I pulled out a lot of my hair when I tried to argue that I didn't need a bodyguard-but Blake was adamant and unbending. So, there goes that. I suppose it has its advantages, Gareth seem to know when and what I needed at certain times. It's like having someone to think ahead for you-which was endearing and at the same time a little annoying.

"Gah-the blinding man is putty in your lovely hands! The women are going to be outraged!" Luce fibbed but I knew better. I never doubted it. Wonder what Camilla will think of it?

"I know-but let's get back to your family. What do you mean they left you? Where did they go? It's Christmas!" That's a little insensitive and not to mention extremely rude of her family to have done that-and Luce looked more than bothered.

"It was planned months ago really. Mum and Dad flew to Turks and Caicos two days ago and my sister went to Australia with her spanking new fiancee. I couldn't possibly have begged them to take me on and shadow their vacation now, could I? The idea is rather absurd." Luce was utterly serious and cheerless as she sat across me.

"I have a bright idea-or not....but you could join us in France. I mean you still have a couple of days to think about it. It would be awesome if you could though! It'll be like last year but bigger and merrier!"

Luce sulked ever more at my suggestion. "Really, love? Toby would not be pleased about that. After his persistent harrying during Blake's birthday weekend and found me unyielding, he turned into a stinking bitter, obnoxious, sad bastard!"

Okay. These two are turning really hostile towards each other. If I could have words with Toby's parents, I so would and possibly castrate his gambaholic father.

"Meh, who cares? It's not like he's going to throw you out once you're there!" I said jovially.

"Who's going to be thrown out? Lover! You didn't say you were coming over?" Chad sauntered over to Luce and gave her a smacking kiss on the lips.

"I'm plotting how we can drag Luce with us in France and not have Toby go crazy on us." I enlightened Chad as he sat next to Lucy.

"You're joining us? Yipeee! Uh HOLD UP, what the hell happened to Troy?" Chad asked.

"He's brilliant you know and royally gorgeous-but I don't know. I think he was rather taken with Sienna and I was more of just pushing myself more in denial with Toby....we're still friends. We still keep in contact and go out to eat once a week to catch up but strictly as friends."

"So, what's been going on around here?" Luce smiled and eyed Chad and me.

Luce has been busy with school as well and our schedules didn't mesh. Although, I have seen her a few times when I went to our flat to clean and stuff and that was the only time we caught on. She had lost some weight and the loss of Toby took a huge toll on her but she obviously doesn't want to discuss it.

Dodging the Toby altercation all together, Chad rambled on about everything else. My baby Chad was still so smitten with his beloved Luke. Might I add that things are going quite steady for both? Chad's still in therapy with Dr. Murray but his progress is unbelievable. I suppose the power of love and finding purpose again really does wonders.

"Come on Luce, join us? Please? You should start packing now and we'll be back the morning of New Year's Eve, just enough time to go to get ready for Knightly Industries' lavish bash at The Savoy." Chad pleaded for the third time.

"If Toby boots me out in the freezing cold, both of you're arses are coming with me, understood?" She threatened our happy state.

"Sure!" I agreed as long as I get to drag Blake with me. I'm not missing out on my reunion with him, come hell or high water. I am spending time with him!

"I wouldn't expect anything less!" Chad grinned.

"Good. Now, would you be a dear and pass me along your computer, Sienna? I need to purchase tickets to France. Do we charter a Cessna or a helicopter to get to Courchevel?" Luce pulled her wallet from her designer rustic tote.

"That's not necessary. Have you forgotten that we have Sienna with us? Do you honestly think Blake would let his one and only fly commercial? One of the six of his company's jets is going to be our chariot to Courchevel."

"Shut it, Chad!"

"It's only a matter of time until you don that monster of a ring!" Luce added.

The ring? Uh, not so much. Committing and baring myself to Blake is still scary to me-but I had to strengthen my resolve if I want to be with him.

"Maybe in half a decade if Blake still wants me, so let's not get ahead of ourselves. Are we going present shopping or not?"

We landed around three in the afternoon in Courchevel. Toby arrived in the morning and Blake will arrive later in the evening with Luke.

"Bon apres-midi monsieur Chad, mademoiselle Sienna et mademoiselle Lucille! Comment vas-tu?" How are you? Marcel greeted us and directed his question to the blushing Lucy.

"Je vais bien, Marcel. How is Claudette? Good I hope?" Luce followed Marcel to the awaiting silver Range Rover. Luce and Claudette got on really well last Christmas. I'm not too sure if they know that Toby and Luce aren't together?

Powdery white snow was everywhere. The Alps made a picturesque backdrop as Marcel drove along. Memories of Blake and me skiing and laughing flittered through my mind. Was that only last year?

My nostalgic thoughts halted when Marcel stopped and took out his remote for the automated gate. Once opened, he rounded the car along the driveway and the gorgeous rustic three-story chalet came into view. This place has a heated indoor pool with floor to ceiling windows that overlooked the beautiful snow-capped Alps, well-equipped game room, a movie theater and a massive modern gym. A luxurious chalet was a little understated if you consider the decor and paintings it consisted. The chalet boasted three large master bedrooms and three junior suites and all bathrooms have steam showers, Jacuzzi and sauna. So suffice to say that there will be enough room for all seven of us. Did I mention that Toby's distant aunt, Meredith, actually married a sheikh from Qatar? They couldn't have children, so Meredith doted on Toby, much to Evelyn Watson's dismay. They hated each other from what I gathered.

Toby immediately came out of the large oak door. He beamed as he grabbed for the car door handle. All three of us froze....Maybe because we forgot to mention it to Toby that we're bringing his ex-love along?

Toby pulled the car door open and Chad jumped out of the car. "How are you? You look all dapper and handsome!" I would say the same but I'm a little nervous, and giddy?

Marcel opened the trunk and started to bring out luggage inside the chalet. Luce and I opened the other door and came out on the other side. Once Toby saw who I was with, he froze. "What in the bloody hell is going on? Is this a joke? If it is, it's rather tasteless!"

Okay, I expected that. "Toby-let's get inside and discuss this rationally before we all freeze to death." I reasoned and encouraged them to go inside. Toby harrumphed and marched back inside the chalet. Chad and I shared a "look."

"Told you this wasn't a great idea!" Luce uttered between clenched teeth as we followed Toby inside.

He was in the spacious all white living room. Toby stood against the floor to ceiling window, trying to appreciate the view before him.

Chad cleared his throat. "Luce was going to spend the holidays alone in London and we couldn't leave her there knowing that. Her parents went to the Caribbean and her sister's in Australia. The last resort was for her to come join us. It's only for a few days, Tobe! And it's Christmas!"

"Is everyone here?" a woman's voice came from the hall. Who the f**k is that?

Luce and Chad tensed. Luce looked more stricken.

Amelia Mendoza glided in all her Spanish glory towards the living room....and towards Toby. Her smooth hand rested on his chest.

"What the f**k is she doing here Toby?!" I shrieked. This f**king woman was bad news. She bore bad news!

"I'm taking that you've met Amelia?"

"Are you serious? Of course, I've met Amelia! I'm also in the know that Blake's have met 'hers' quite intimately to be precise. Might I also add that she was the one who told me about the whole Clayworth engagement!"

Toby looked appalled. "You've f**ked my best friend and you forgot to mention this important fact?"

She waved her red lacquered nails in the air. "That was long time ago, querido! It was not that big of a deal," Amelia purred.

Toby was ready to explode. "It is to me. Chad and Sienna will occupy the other master suites. You can take the junior suite Lucy. Excuse us, but Amelia and I have much to discuss in private." Toby and Amelia strode away, possibly in Toby's bedroom.

"Shit, Luce. I didn't know he was seeing her. Had I known I wouldn't have suggested it," I finally spoke. Sighing, I sat on the pristine white suede couch. This is so awful.

Both of them followed suit and sat. We all looked dazed and shocked by Toby's Spanish revelation.

"Are you okay, Luce?" Chad gave her a hug and held on to her.

"Yeah, just shocked is all. It was to be expected really." She bit her pink bottom lip. Her corn flower blue eyes looked misty. "Did she really shag Blake and now her claws are on Toby and God knows what? Did she really confront you about the Clayworth engagement? That shameless whore!" Luce started to shake her head.

"She couldn't get the boss so she settled for the best friend!" Both Luce and I looked at Chad with questioning eyes. "Oh, I've heard about her. She chased Blake relentlessly, that's how I met her. She was at the villa once. I guess she wasn't successful anymore so she went after Toby. In normal circumstances, he wouldn't have-but our baby was so broken, Amelia was probably a God send."

Did Blake know about this? Was he okay that his best friend was with someone he used to sleep with? That's rather odd.

I fished my phone out of my purse and texted Blake. Where are you? What time will you grace me with your handsome presence?

"We should unpack and unwind before dinner" Chad stretched. "You know, if you get bored, you can sleep with us Luce," he jested.

"Funny, ha ha. NOT!" Luce finally grinned as we got up and made our way to the stairs.

Last year, we celebrated Toby's birthday at the stroke of midnight. He will be showered presents and well wishes. But I know tonight will be a bit different, especially with Amelia in tow.

My phone beeped. I'm in London with grandfather. I will be leaving in half an hour or so. I'll be seeing you.

That's going to be awhile.

To kill time, I started to unpack which didn't take much time. I decided to take a lengthy shower. After, I dried my long locks and donned all white matching sweats and a black Uggs boots. I applied limited make-up and grabbed my iPad and scoured the living room downstairs.

Chad was enjoying a glass of pinot as he lounged on the couch and watched the dancing flames in the fireplace. "Life is too good lately, baby love. What if it isn't permanent?" He spoke softly.

"Nothing is permanent in life babe, but it only gets better from here." I grabbed his wine and took a sip. "Delicious."

"It is, isn't it? Claudette showed me the impressive cellar. Can you believe that I don't feel like a broken man anymore? And you-you look so happy! It's the best Christmas ever!" He gave me a quick kiss.

"I know, life's been rather a crazy roller coaster, wouldn't you say? Where's Luce?"

"Asleep-probably still reeling from earlier."

This same situation I dealt with rather disastrously, which happened a few times to be honest with Blake, and I died with seething jealousy. It isn't easy to see someone you love be with someone else. It's not something I would like any person to experience. It's the worst kind of pain. It eats you alive and all you can do is breathe and pray for a miracle.

I moved to the other side of the rounded suede couch and turned on my Kindle. I have tons of books to catch up on. I didn't even finish reading a few pages before I dozed off.

A few boisterous male laughs jerked me awake. How long did I nap for? I thought groggily.

"...it was. Where is Toby?" Blake's masculine, deep voice jolted my hazy, sleepy state wide awake.

Blake. He's here!

I got up hastily and made my way to the grand foyer and jumped into Blake's hard body. His face lit up when he saw me, but it lit up more when I clung unto him and gave his face loud smacking kisses.

He chuckled. "Goodness woman! Had I known I would get this kind of welcoming, I should go away on business more!"

Chad and Luke laughed.

I ran my hands through his dark wavy hair and kissed his lips. "Don't you dare do that! I've missed you so much!"

Still clinging to his body, his hands captured my ass nicely and gave it a good spanking as he nuzzled my neck. "God, I have missed you mad!"

"Was he good, Luke? You'd better tell me the truth or you'll have Chad to answer to!"

"Of course I was, poppet! I was a bloody saint. There's no one else but you!" Blake stated against my neck.

"He was good. I promise you!" Luke swore. Good, that's all I needed to hear.

"Babe-um did you know Amelia Mendoza is dating Toby?" He stilled. "Bloody hell, you're not serious?" How I wished it was the case.

He gave me a quick kiss and placed me on the floor. Blake held my hand as we followed Chad and Luke towards the living room area. Luke found the bar and prepared everyone drinks.

"Might I also add that Lucy is here?" Chad plopped next to me and took my legs and placed them on his lap as I sat next to Blake.

Blake looked dumb-founded and struck speechless. "Guess Toby didn't mention it either, huh?" I asked.

"This is utterly rubbish! Where is the man of the hour, anyhow?"

"The sad prick is probably in his bedroom shagging that twit of a Spanish whore!" Luce commented as she joined us. She was dressed in all black. Her clothes skimmed her beautiful body and she looked strikingly beautiful. Take that, Toby! I thought spitefully.

"How are you, Lucille?" Blake asked.

Ick. The boys only call Lucy by her Christian name Lucille when they're dead serious.

"The same old blasted feeling you had felt when Kyle dropped off Sienna that morning." Luce snapped back.

Feisty aren't we? I thought she took a nap?

"Oookay....that was weird." I interjected and turned to the frowning Blake and whispered, "I love you." There is no way my past shenanigans were going to be aired during Christmas time. Nope!

"I love you too. I can't wait until we're alone," he whispered in my ear.

Luke strolled over to us and handed me a glass of red, cognac for Blake and couple the same wine to Luce and Chad.

Luke sat next to Chad and cleared his throat. "So....the Alps looked wonderful from what I saw!" Luke remarked.

We all broke into laughter at his joke. It was dark outside and we knew that he didn't get the chance to see the beauty of it.

"Ah! You're the best baby!" Chad cooed as he snuggled closely to Luke.

"What's with the laughing ruckus?" Toby strode in with the pouty Amelia.

I darted Amelia a nasty look. Chad gave her the very same one. But dear ole Luce gave her a death stare.

Yep! My sexy kitten is definitely pissed off as hell at both of them. I wished them luck. Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.

Blake stood up. "Amelia, Toby. Can I have a word in private, mate?" He addressed Toby. They both left the living room in silent and waited for the library door to open and close until Luce spoke.

"He's in love with me, you know that don't you?" Luce spat at her. Amelia merely smiled, clearly unfazed.

"Who needs love? We don't need it to enjoy each other." Oh, hell no!

"You filthy bloody whore, have you no shame at all? You saddle up to Blake and when he's tired of you, you purposely seek out his best friend to get rouse out of him!" Luce pointed at her face, charged and accusing.

"Si, pero Toby wasn't hesitant. Blake's dy***ite in bed-mi amor is very passionate, si?" Amelia looked enviously at me, "but Toby could compare. He too is very good."

"What the hell! You don't get to speak about Blake like that, you stupid bitch!" I thundered.

Chad came to our rescue, "Ladies, ladies....calm the f**k down!"

28

Blake

"Is it true, about you and Amelia?" Toby paced inside the softly-lit library.

"Yes, it was early around May this year, roughly. I'm quite surprised she didn't mention it!"

The ever conniving Amelia, I'm sure my friend didn't see it coming.

"Fuck! This is rather embarrassing, now is it? I wasn't informed that Luce was coming either. She's never going to consider me again! I'm royally f**ked!" Toby gave a hollow laugh.

"Or we could have Amelia leave, surely that could count for something?" I blatantly suggested.

"Right, I forgot she was the bearer of bad news to your beloved about your doomed engagement with Camilla."

I stilled. "I beg your pardon?"

Toby let out a roar. "Brilliant! I thought you knew about this rubbish!"

"Oh, pray tell, Watson, because I assure you that woman is not going to leave unscathed!" Was she really the culprit of the early demise of my relationship with Sienna? If she was, I will ruin her and her family.

"Sienna was the one who mentioned it when she saw Amelia was with me. She was livid. I was livid about what Sienna exposed about Amelia. What a bloody cunning whore!" Toby cursed and stopped in his tracks.

Indeed, my sentiments exactly. She will pay for interfering with my life. The bloody turmoil she caused me and Sienna-she was going to feel my wrath, I'll make sure of it.

"She might have to stay here until after Christmas though, we don't have any means unless we want to cause some aggravation. Your pilot is not here or my aunt's pilot, we don't have that much choice really but endure her presence."

He was right. It was after all the holiday season. I sighed. "We should get back." I capitulated.

I could've cared less that the damn woman was around, but the very reason why I am worried is Sienna. I didn't want to ruin anything for her. I haven't seen her in awhile and I planned for her to be happy. Could it be plausible with the cloaking darkness of Amelia Mendoza hanging about?

The heavy electric charged air in the living room shrouded everyone. Amelia sat on the bar as she gulped down a glass of cognac. I guess no one liked Amelia? I was simply diverted.

Dinner was a somber drab affair. Everyone was plainly quiet except for Chad and Luke. The couple was somewhat fond of talking about celebrity gossip.

Amelia tried to thaw Toby's icy demeanor but to no avail. I suppose I should feel contrite to be in her situation, but alas all I could feel was a sense of ease.

"You don't like the braised duck?" I leaned over and asked Sienna, who sat next to me.

She beamed and my heart skidded. God, she's so gorgeous! `

"I do, but I'm hungry for something else entirely," she whispered seductively. Oh, the witch! She possibly can't leave me with my riotous imagination and have me rock hard under the table.

She giggled at my stricken face.

"Just you wait until I ravish you, my beauty. I will be the one laughing as you call me 'Oh my God!' I must say I really get turned on when you call me that, it rather brings out the beast in me, don't you agree?" My hot, soft voice whispered against her sensitive ear and she shivered as my hand trailed along her inner thigh. Even with sweat pants on, she felt my heated urgent fingers, kneading and teasing her mad.

"Blake!" she screeched as my finger rubbed her crevice a tad hard. I merely laughed.

"Mind sharing what's with the sexual tension with you two-hanky panky during dinner time, Blake?" Chad insinuated. Luke loudly coughed out his wine. He caught his mouth with a napkin as he sputtered it out.

"Are you trying to choke your boyfriend to death, Chad?" I asked.

Chad merely gave me an innocent smile.

I cleared my throat, "I admit I'm rapacious and quite eager to have my girlfriend all to myself."

"How sweet." Amelia scornfully spoke.

"Indeed, she is everything." I responded succinctly.

After dinner, we relaxed in the game room and chatted about, drinking and laughing. Amelia made an excuse of a splitting headache and headed into her own room. Wise woman, I thought. Luce seriously hated the very sight of her.

Toby and Luke were playing pool and the rest of us gathered about the couch. My back faced Sienna as I sat in between her legs. She was giving my neck and shoulders deep kneading and I moaned like a sated fat canine. The stress of meetings, dealing with ongoing problems, and travelling different continents took a toll on me.

"How was your trip? Did everything do according to plan?"

"Most did. There are still a few kinks to iron through then I could confidently say that it did." I sighed. My job required me at all ungodly hours to be ready and prepped, and I am utterly exhausted. I'm quite ready to make use of the bed upstairs and just be with Sienna.

"Let me go shower and I'll be quite ready for you." I kissed her quickly and went inside the bathroom.

Sienna looked rather sleepy as did everyone tonight. We did Toby's usual birthday gig and he was showered with presents. I got him a black Lamborghini-but could only bring out the keys out here. Toby was ecstatic. Sienna alone got him six presents, Chad five and Luce got him three. Lucy's were with pure heartfelt sentiment. I hope those two hash it out. They looked unhappy without each other!

When I came out of the shower, I strolled naked over to the sleeping beauty. I smiled as I slid beside her, pulled her against my chest and quickly fell asleep.

I was woken up by Sienna moaning and rocking me. I groaned as I clutched her hips and pushed her down, grinding her in hot rapid speed. It was quick animalistic sex at its purest form. I couldn't possibly deny my wanton siren. "Blaaaake!" she sobbed, her pu**y tightening and deliciously clenching my cock.

"Let go, my love."

"Baby, I love you," she screamed as her body started to quiver from her orgasm. I rolled her over and drilled her hard for a minute or two before my climaxed shattered me into ecstasy.

I grabbed her face and kissed her hard, slowly nudging my c**k in and out of her. "You're perfect, have I told you that, poppet?"

She gave me a chaste kiss and teasingly smiled. "Make love to me. I've missed you so much." She hooked both arms around my neck and kissed me. We savored each other, unhurried.

"I've barely started my love. Believe me I plan on taking you all night if I could have my wicked way with you." I declared as I kissed her senseless and slowly made love to her.

29

Sienna

The next day, all the guys including Amelia went out to ski while Luce and I decided to stay put and cooked for Christmas Eve.

We were going all out with leg of lamb, honey baked ham, baked turkey, Austrian crescent small potatoes, buttered and flavored, Greek moussaka, spinach salad and tons of side dishes we could whip up. Luce and I are quite the ultimate cooks. I suppose that's why we got on to begin with. There's nothing like the shared joy of good food and a good laugh.

"What do you propose for dessert?" Luce asked as she chopped the celery rapidly.

"I was thinking along the lines of apple pie, chocolate tartufo, and strawberry panna cotta? Oooh let's not forget gooey fudge brownies!"

"Splendid! Are you quite sure Claudette has all the ingredients?"

"Have you seen the stock room? IT HAS EVERYTHING we could dream of and them some!" I exclaimed in awe.

"That was smashing! Thank you Luce and Sienna for the lovely, splendid meal!" Toby rubbed his belly and grinned widely.

"I don't know about you people but I think I have another spot for a spare tartufo!" Chad reached out for another ball of chocolate ice cream dessert.

Blake and I shared our desserts on one plate. It's sickening how happy I am. I feel like I'm floating in lala land all day with him beside me. Can someone be this happy? I ridiculously wondered. Quite possibly, yes.

After dinner, we hovered around the living room and exchanged presents.

Blake got everyone jewelry, including me. He got me a ten-carat diamond necklace and earring set, thirty carats all together. "Whoa, that's a lot of carats, thank you babe!" I grabbed his face and happily kissed him.

He got Luce a tennis bracelet, diamond studded wrist men's bracelets for Chad and Luke. They all were overjoyed.

Toby, Luce, Chad and Luke all handed their presents and we all opened them in haste. Chad actually made each one of us a painting of ourselves-he altered it magnificently through his eyes. He captured each of us in our happy moment, in our element. It was special.

"Oh, Chad this is gorgeous! Thank you! When did you find the time to do any of these? You were always so busy!"

"I always have time for my babies!" He gave us all flying kisses and he stood up. "I just want to take this minute to thank you all for everything...After what I've been through the last few months, each and every one of you were a pillar of strength that I couldn't have lived without.

"Sienna, I love you and you don't understand the depth of my love for you. You're in 'here' baby girl." He tapped his heart. "I couldn't have done this without the mighty Knightly! Thank you with all of my heart. You make me soar higher looking at how you've made my baby love really happy.

"Lucy, without your sweet sarcastic tongue, I would be lost in a very dull world. I love you very much. And to my every dearest dapper, Toby, the times you were there for me were one of the sweetest memories that I will forever treasure and never forget. Although during those times-how I wished you were g*y, HA!" We all laughed at that. Chad and his sense of humor!

"And lastly, I want to thank you Luke. You came as I bittersweet surprise when I was at my lowest. Thank you, Merry Christmas everyone!" Chad screamed and danced about.

They opened all of my presents at the same time and all synchronized their "ahhhs" and "ooohs." I got them all watches and I must say I won't be tapping my bank account soon. It cost me a pretty penny.

"Poppet, you didn't!!!!" Blake announced in disbelief and whistled.

"Show it to us beeotch!" Chad urged on.

Blake showed it to them. "Is that the over a million bucks, Patek Phillips Sky Moon watch?" Chad eyes bugged out. Toby laughed.

"It is! But you shouldn't have. I don't want you spending your money on me!"

I gently smacked his head with an empty box, "You're joking right? You've given me a pricey present as well. Stop it! I want to spoil you too! I even got it engraved."

He turned it over and read it out loud, "Keep me with you, always. SR." His finger traced the engraving.

"I just thought you should have something to remember me by when you're away on business. Everyone always checks the time every hour or so right? I wanted you to remember me every time you do."

"I do though, even without the watch, poppet. I can't drive you away from my thoughts even if The Queen of England asked it of me." He chuckled as he captured my lips.

It was past three in the morning when we all retired to our bedrooms. I just finished taking a shower when I found Blake beside the bedroom fireplace and studied it mindlessly.

I strode towards him and sat on his lap with my terry robe on. "What are you thinking about babe?"

Blake took my hand and did rhythmic circles on my palm. "Thank you-for your present-for everything, Sienna." His spell-binding eyes glowed and danced against the flames. "I've never felt complete until I've found you and I hope you feel the same as I do." He pulled something out of his pocket.

My breath caught.

It was the engagement right.

My engagement ring, as a necklace!

"I wanted you to have it. I suppose something to remember me by-of my profound commitment and my ceaseless love for you. I want to marry you right now if I could-but I know you're not ready. I want this as a token of reminder-an indication if you please-for you wear it on your finger when you're ready to give me that kind of everlasting devotion."

"Blake...." I was getting choked up.

Holy shit, he's really serious about marriage.

He unlatched the clasp and I pulled my long hair aside as he clasped it around my neck. The huge yellow diamond sat on my chest. It could be easily hidden if I didn't wear any revealing clothing.

"It looks beautiful, but I know it'll look even more grand on your ring finger!" He laughed and kissed me. "Baby steps as you said months ago. It's my line now."

I giggled, "Knightly, please shut your mouth and start kissing me!"

"Hear hear, my Christmas almost-fiance!"

30

Blake

"Grandfather," I greeted William with a tight hug.

"How are you my child? Are you quite ready to take on the empire, eh?" William chuckled lightly as he took on the all the invited guests in the exquisite Parisian decor at The Savoy.

I'm sure he was quite relieved to hand the company over to me. If my father hadn't died, William would've retired long ten years ago. He was eighty years old but he was still robust, quick-witted and sharp as they come.

"May I introduce Sienna, my girlfriend, you've met her ages ago but we weren't an item then."

"Ah, yes! You're the woman who my grandchild abandoned his betrothed for, I suppose? All is well I do hope?" William asked and Sienna looked nervous.

"Really now William, this isn't the time or the place to be rude!" I excused us both. Not once did the old man voice a thing or two about my broken agreement with the Clayworth's and now he dare bring it up around Sienna?

"William is going to speak in ten minutes and you will be going right after. There are a few potential business partners from Brazil who want to speak with you in the mean time." Luke cornered us and barked out orders.

Bloody hell!

"Are you going to be okay while I talk business with a few lads, poppet?" She smiled encouragingly and said she'd look for Chad and Luce.

I gave her a quick kiss and left her to her devices. I hoped she finds Chad or Lucy somewhere before men tried to clamor after her.

She looked radiantly stunning with a bareback emerald green silk dress. She had her hair piled up and she looked so perfect. Someday, she will wear my ring and will carry my last name. How does Sienna Knightly sound? Not bloody bad me thinks.

I smiled as I thought how the vacation in Courchevel unfolded. Chad got engaged with Luke. Who would have thought that the bugger was going to beat me to the altar first?

To be quite honest, I was relieved that Chad finally found happiness. He felt secure now and his self-worth was back. His parents should be ashamed what they caused their child to go through.

31

Sienna

I came out of the gala and walked around the lobby. William Knightly seemed to have hated me on sight. I shuddered at his biting comment from earlier.

I wandered around for another ten minutes and decided to head out the bar.

"Excuse me, madam. A Mr. Blake Knightly wishes to speak with you this instant. He's waiting for you in the stairway." The stern English man said.

"Yes, will you show me the way? I don't know where it is."

He nodded and guided me to where Blake was waiting. He stopped at the hall and pointed where the black metallic door that led to the stairway.

"Thank you." I graciously thanked him with a smile before I strolled towards the door.

Once I opened the door, I realized it was pitch black and I started to back track but someone grabbed me. Someone yanked my arm to get inside the darkened space before I had the chance to leave.

I screeched. "What the hell do you think you're doing?"

"You filthy whore!" The woman screamed as she threw me on the stairs.

It all happened in an instant.

It barely registered to me that I was being pushed off. The first impact on my head made me scream some more. But after a few thuds, I blacked out.

32

Blake

After four days in the hospital, Sienna finally woke up.

"Wha-t hap-pened?" She groaned.

"You were found looking lifeless after a fall down a flight of stairs. What were you doing out on the stairway, Sienna? You could've killed yourself!"

"I didn't....someone else did, Blake. She pulled me out of nowhere and threw me down." I tensed.

Someone was trying to hurt her, kill her even? That doesn't make sense.

"Did you get a chance to get a peek of your attacker?"

She shook her head. "Although, she was a woman-a very angry one-she called me a 'filthy whore' to be exact." She frowned as she rubbed her head. "Everything hurts!" she howled in pain.

I called for a nurse to give her some more medication as I reeled from what she just told me.

"Hang in there my love. I'm sorry I failed to protect you." My throat tightened as I said those words. It was my fault. This was all entirely my fault. If I had not been under all the jolly merry holiday haze, my mind would have been working properly.

"Don't be silly. This is not your fault babe. Don't blame yourself, please."

I kissed her forehead and held her hand. Apart from a slight concussion and a few cracked ribs, Sienna was going to get better.

"I love you, Sienna. You don't know how much this breaks me that I have failed you."

Sienna tried to slap my hand, but she was too weak to do so. "And, I love you, Blake. Please, do me a favor and stop blaming yourself, okay?" She meekly said.

I merely nodded because what she's asking will never happen. For the rest of my life, I will bear this cross of failure.

After half an hour, the gang came to join us. I haven't left her side since she was admitted. I don't plan on leaving until she is discharged. I was guilty for letting her convince me to give Gareth the night off. She argued that my two security details were enough for them. She even said that she didn't need protection because when she's with me, she's never felt more secure and safe. Obviously, her security was not on top of my list that night or she wouldn't have been in this particular situation. If I wasn't so busy....then she wouldn't be hurt and bruised. I felt gutted each time I see her beaten up state.

"How are you feeling baby love?" Chad leaned over and gave Sienna a kiss on the forehead.

She grumbled. "I've been better."

"Are there any suspects?" Luce asked me and I shook my head. I had the tapes and the footage but the cameras were blocked with spray paint. I had the head of my security team, Simon Wickers to work with the team of investigators I hired after the accident.

So far, there were no leads. The waiter that approached Sienna was only handed a note by someone who was conveniently blocked from the camera. But he described them as a dark male, possibly around early thirties and had a cockney accent. We had a rough sketch of what the waiter described but there was no match in the database.

It was a dead end.

The perpetrator planned it out perfectly, to the last detail. But I wouldn't have it. I would have each and every single person who came through those hotel doors to be check out.

I wouldn't let these people get away.

There was hell to pay for that woman who hurt her and that man who handed the note!

I will hunt them down until my dying breath!

