Chapter One

I blamed this on Kelly Clarkson.

On Kelly-Freaking-Clarkson.

The angry man standing across the kitchen island looked like he was about to throttle me. I had visions of large hands gripped firmly around my neck shaking me like a rubber chicken. His eyes flashed with frustration and I cursed Kelly Clarkson straight to the grave.

Things started out so good this morning, so unbelievably, unnaturally good. I should have known better. But at the time, I woke up in my bed to the powerful chords Kelly Clarkson belting through my radio alarm, and laid there for the length of the song just to let her words sink in.

Stronger.

In fact I started to think Kelly Clarkson was a genius. And like maybe we were soul sisters that survived something awful but came out on the other side of it stronger. I started to think maybe she got me....

Because the bed did feel warmer, and I dreamt in color again. I never felt lonely when I was alone anymore and really I was standing taller. Kelly Clarkson had it all figured out.

Well "was" as in the seriously past tense because with monster-man looming over me, pissed off and yelling about money he wanted and I definitely did not have, I wasn't standing taller anymore. I was shrinking slowly into what I assumed would soon be the fetal position.

But this morning, even as the warm sun sifted through my bedroom window and heated my exposed skin, everything seemed possible. I felt strong enough to get out of bed today and conquer the world- or at least the closest Starbucks and my Econ class.

Which come on, that's close enough right?

And even though last week I missed a seriously important pop quiz in my post-break-up-cowering phase and now my grade was in some trouble.... and then it started raining and I happened to be wearing a white t-shirt and red bra. Who does that by the way? Me apparently, in my Kelly-Clarkson-gave-me-the-strength-to-be-a-skank-mood. And then even after I came home to my roommate on her way out, for what at the time she promised was just a bite to eat even though she was two months behind on her share of the rent, I believed today was the start of better things to come.

All thanks to Kelly Clarkson.

After setting my purse down on the kitchen counter because the entry hall table that I usually placed it on had been moved, I started to wonder if maybe Kelly Clarkson lied to me.

Well, Ok, that's not exactly true. First I wondered if I was hallucinating. And then I ran through the possibility of being robbed, but my roommate's casual departure quickly negated that idea.

I blinked. And blinked again. And then blinked so hard tears formed in the corners of my eyes and I felt like I was trying to be the sEcond coming of I Dream of Jeannie. If I willed all of my furniture and belongings to reappear, they would.

But they didn't.

And that was just the start of my disappointment.

Then there was the letter.... The one calmly explaining my roommate had a clinically diagnosed gambling addiction, and was thousands of dollars in debt. She explained that she had to sell the furniture, my furniture, to pay for rehab. Her family insisted on it. She had a real problem. A real problem. And I needed to understand that anything she had done to hurt me was her addiction and not the real her.

Well her addiction wasn't going to replace all of my furniture.

Her addiction wasn't going to come up with the other half of my rent!

And her addiction really wasn't going to explain to the man across the kitchen yelling at me that no matter who he thought I was, I did not owe him seven thousand dollars!!

I picked up the handwritten letter of crazy with a shaky hand and held it out to him.

"What's this?" He paused in his tirade to take the half sheet of torn notebook paper. I noticed my Biology notes on the back of the paper for the first time. Seriously, she couldn't even use her own paper???

"Um, see? I'm not the one that owes you money," I sounded confident, but inside I was a trembling, terrified puddle. And on sEcond thought, maybe I didn't sound quite so confident....

"Who's Tara?" he grunted after skimming the note quickly.

"My roommate," I said simply and then thought better of it. "My ex-roommate. She's moved on to group therapy and the twelve steps apparently."

"And who are you?" he asked carefully. His eyes swept over me in a way that made me feel like he had x-ray vision and suddenly I felt very vulnerable and very nak*d.

Ok, more vulnerable.

And not really nak*d.

But feeling more vulnerable was a hard emotion to feel since he elbowed his way in here not even ten minutes ago and started shouting at me and threatening all kinds of legal action and at times bodily harm.

"I'm uh, wait a sEcond! Who are you? You're in my apartment!" I dug deep for some courage. I slammed my fists to my h*ps and tilted my chin in my best I-mean-business pose.

"Don't get cute with me." He sneered. I wanted to explain that I wasn't being cute; I was being tenacious but decided to stay silent when his full upper lip curled in frustration and his dark, chocolate brown eyes narrowed. "I'm the guy you owe seven thousand dollars!"

Ugh, he was still stuck on this! I cleared my throat and tried again, "How could I possibly owe you seven thousand dollars? I've never even met you before! I don't even know your name."

"You're really going to stick with this whole doe-eyed-innocent act?" he scoffed unkindly. He walked forward and placed two meaty hands on the kitchen counter slowly, like he was weighing his strength against a fragile surface. His broad shoulders tensed and stiffened and his entire body went rigid with frustration. I almost felt bad for him.

Almost.

But then I remembered I was not that person anymore. No more pity for people that didn't deserve it. No more sacrificing my time and money and energy for people that would just screw me over when they got what they wanted. This was the new me. The stronger me. The me that was soul sisters with Kelly Clarkson. The I-get-what-I-want-me! And right now, I seriously wanted this guy out of my life, or at the very least out of my apartment.

"I'm not innocent," I spat back with my arms crossed firmly against my chest and my hip jutting out. I realized that maybe that wasn't my best defense but I pushed forward. "And I'm not doe-eyed!"

His face suddenly opened up in some shock and his lips kind of twitched like he was holding back a laugh. "I can't believe this." He rubbed two hands over his face in a sign of exhaustion and turned his back on me.

With his body more relaxed I saw him almost in a new light. He was less macho-Neanderthal in

this posture and more holy-sexy-back-muscles-batman. Obviously the disaster that was my last boyfriend did a number on me if I was checking out the confused hit man pacing back and forth in my kitchen. I mean honestly, fantasizing about what his back could potentially look like under his thin t-shirt was seriously clinical right? Maybe Tara wasn't the only one that needed medical observation and group therapy.

"I think there has been some miscommunication," I ventured, now that he was somewhat

relaxed. "You think I am someone that owes you money, but I am not. Do I look like a drug addict to you?"

He swung his head back around to face me. "You think I'm a drug dealer?"

"Seven thousand dollars is a lot of money," I sniffed.

"Yes, it is. And you think the only way to go that much in debt is by drugs?" His eyes widened in

disbelief.

Now that he was even calmer I noticed his face wasn't necessarily menacing, but more chiseled and dignified. Actually when his dark eyes weren't bugging out of his head in rage, he looked more like a Calvin Klein model than Tony Soprano.... And his hands weren't so much meaty as they were just large and connected to very defined arms. And Ok, originally I was under the impression that his neck was the size of a redwood, but now that I was really paying attention it was more like just a very strong, carved out piece of art, attached to an equally and artfully sculpted body. And then to top it off, he had great hair. I just needed to admit that. He had amazing hair. Hair that I was instantly jealous of! Dark, rich coffee colored hair that matched his eyes. Short on the sides, and just a little bit longer on top, it was stylish and trendy, not at all ex-military-renegade-private-security like I originally associated him with.

Wait a minute, I didn't think I liked that he was attractive.... more than attractive, hotter than hot attractive. When I finally took in the scruffy growth across his jaw that partially hid too full lips, I wanted to roll my eyes. Who was this guy?

"Well, it's one of the ways," I huffed impatiently.

He cocked his head back, seemingly surprised with my answer. "I actually have no argument for that. You're right, drugs is one way to go into that much debt." I smirked at him, momentarily satisfied until I realized he was really a drug lord and he thought I was his client! A client that owed him money! "But that's not why you owe me money. I'm not a drug dealer."

Oh whew. Sure, I knew that.

"Ok, are you a bill collector then? Because I don't even have a credit card. Well, I have one credit card, but it's for emergencies only and I've never used it. Besides, it only has like a fifteen hundred dollar limit on it. And it's actually in my brother's name." I was growing more impatient the longer he stared at me. It was like all of the anger that propelled him into my apartment to begin with had evaporated somewhere between drug dealer and bill collector. Now his chocolate eyes were lit with amusement and his mouth was doing that annoying twitching thing again. "And my roommate gets calls from debt collectors all the time. Phone calls- have you heard of those? You seriously did not need to come all the way over here; I could have explained this to you over the phone."

"I'm not a bill collector either."

This time I could tell he was laughing at me. The corners of his eyes crinkled with humor and he held his hands up, palms out as if to stop me from guessing anymore. But I wasn't finished. If he wasn't a hit man, drug dealer or bill collector but wanted seven thousand dollars from me that left only one option.

I gasped, "Oh my gosh, is this about prostitution? Oh my goodness, are you a pimp?" I shrieked and backed up three steps.

"What?" he burst out in a bark of confusion. "Are you into prostitution?"

"What? Me? Do I look like a prostitute?" I was back to being angry; narrowed eyes, hands cocked on my hips, scowl tightening my expression.

"Well, no, honestly, you look more like a missionary," he shrugged a casual shoulder and let his eyes travel over me.

"A missionary!" I spit the word out like it burned me. I clutched at my gray infinity scarf that covered my black and white cowl neck long sleeve tee. Ok, maybe it was a little conservative.... but he seriously did not need to confuse modesty with missionary.

"Would you rather look like a prostitute?" He asked, his stupid dark brown eyes laughing at me.

"Why in the world would you think that?" I demanded. This conversation had the disorienting feel that we were going backwards instead of forwards and I started to feel dizzy from all the circles and the way his mouth quirked up when he was trying not to laugh.

Wait, scratch that. I was only dizzy from the conversation!

"Listen, honesty, I don't care what you are, I just want my money," some of his amusement faded and a wave of exhaustion flashed across his face.

"So this isn't about prostitution?" I asked, just to clarify. It was kind of important that this wasn't about prostitution.

"If you're not a prostitute and I'm not a pimp how in the hell could this be about prostitution?" he rumbled.

"Well, I don't know, I just need to be.... sure," I finished lamely.

He ran a hand over his face again and growled out a frustrated sound. Then he pulled his cell phone out of his pocket and checked the time. "This is taking up too much time. I just want my money and then I'll be gone. I won't bother you anymore. I promise. Although I strongly suggest that you stay away from anymore poker games. You are obviously not nearly lucky enough to be as careless as you are with your money."

That got my attention. "Wait," I held up a hand like I was asking him to stop his vehicle. But then I didn't know how to go on. Gambling? This sounded way too convenient.... way too coincidental. A man comes to my door, demanding a seven thousand dollar poker debt minutes after my crook of a roommate robbed me blind and then headed off to rehab for a gambling addiction? "Ok, I don't know what you're talking about, but why don't you just tell me who you think I am. That might make things easier."

A smug smirk turned his mouth and he said with confidence, "Eleanor Harris."

That caught me off guard. Because he was right. "Um, Ellie," I corrected before he stuck to calling me Eleanor. Ugh! Even if he were here to murder me I would make him call me Ellie.

"Fine, Ellie Harris."

"Ok, you know my name, but you don't know anything else about me. Like for instance, I don't owe you any money!" I argued, still wondering how he knew my name.

"Alright, let's see, you're a sophomore, originally from farther up north. You transferred to La Crosse spring semester last year. You were originally at University of Madison but you wanted to be close to your boyfriend who turned out to be a cheating douche bag. He broke up with you two weeks ago for another girl and since then you've gone from being a straight A student with a nearly perfect attendance record to skipping all of your of classes, doing your best to fail out of school and now you've apparently acquired a gambling addiction with a side of pathological lying."

"What!" I would have made a terrible reporter. "I am not a liar! And I have never gambled a day in my life! And I'm not trying to fail out of school! A girl is allowed to take a few sick days after her three year relationship ends! How can you possibly know so much and so little about me at the same time?" This was possibly the most exasperating conversation I had ever had.

"I make it a point to know all my players, Ellie. Especially ones that come into the game waving money around like you did," he explained patiently with that same cocky smile on his face.

I had the strongest urge to smack him. And I had never, not in my entire life, ever felt like hitting anything before!

"Clearly you have me confused with somebody else because I have no clue what you are talking about!"

"That is not going to work on me!" the anger was simmering under the surface again, his eyes turning almost black with emotion.

"Ok, Ok, Ok," I backtracked quickly. "I can see that. So, just for fun, how about you explain to me exactly how I came to owe you all this money and then we can figure this out together. I want you to get your money just as badly as you do, I promise, alright?"

He seemed to think that over for a minute, his face relaxing back to movie-star-stranger instead of serial-killer-hit-man. It didn't take a genius to figure out which version I liked best.

"Alright, fine. We can do this your way. Especially if you promise you'll help me get my money," he said evenly and then waited for me to answer.

"Yes, I promise. I mean, I know I don't owe you the money. But if there is any way I can assist you with it, I'd be glad to help." What I didn't say was that as long as I didn't have to shoot, stab or bury somebody I would be glad to help. Really, I meant like a stern, authoritative letter I could put a stamp on and mail for him. Plus, these were mostly just empty promises until I could get him out of my apartment, lock the two deadbolts, slide the chain and then call the police.

"About a week and a half ago, you contacted me about joining the game. I had heard your name around campus and knew that your request was entirely out of the ordinary for you. So I started to ask around about you and that's when I found out you just got dumped. It made sense then, why you would want to play. Even if I didn't think it was a good idea, I've been dumped before, I guess I could relate in a way."

"You've been dumped?" I scoffed before I could stop myself. He was gorgeous, all testosterone and muscles, standing in the middle of my kitchen with his gray t-shirt, loose jeans and flip flops. Plus, he was more than just a little intimidating; I could hardly believe a girl found enough courage to break up with him.

He seemed to find this more amusing than anything and actually broke into an eye-twinkling grin. Yes, his eyes twinkled. I was so shocked by the expression I had to look away. He was more dangerously good looking than ever and a strange heat lit a fire in my belly. So I cleared my throat and pretended that never happened.

"Sure, I've been dumped," his smile turned wicked and I suddenly felt like he was laughing at an inside joke. "So I know what it's like to do something reckless after the heartache."

I snorted. "There wasn't that much heartache. Trust me. You were right when you called him a cheating.... uh, you know."

"Douche bag?" he questioned.

"Yes, that," I blushed a deep red. I wasn't a missionary. But Ok, sometimes curse words made me uncomfortable. Which was kind of surprising since I grew up with three brothers that basically existed with "R" ratings attached to them: strong language, violent behavior and sexual content.

He actually let out a soft chuckle at that. I was becoming unending entertainment for this guy and I was suddenly hit with a flash of irritation. He didn't know me!

Although... he kind of did know me. Or at least a lot of random facts about me and it was definitely weirding me out.

"Anyway, when you proved you had the buy-in, I decided to give you a chance. I mean, who was I to judge your methods of coping, am I right?" he asked and actually waited for my agreement.

"I guess so," but an ugly foreboding feeling started to unfurl inside my chest and I suddenly found it hard to breathe.

"In fact, if you remember, I even advised you to hold back some since I didn't want to see you lose everything at once."

"And you advised me how?" I clarified, trying to piece this together. Except I wasn't even sure what he was talking about. Buy-in? Game? None of this was making sense.

"Private message," when I gave him a blank look, he continued, "online."

"Online," I repeated.

"Yes, online. But you didn't listen to me. And then you got in way over your head, lost and now you owe me seven thousand dollars." He finished arrogantly and I almost expected him to bow.

"I lost in a game of...." I prompted slowly, so afraid of the answer my hands had started to tremble.

"Five-Card-Stud." When I continued to just stare at him, he finally added. "Poker. Online poker."

"Oh my goodness," I winced. Suddenly the puzzle was pieced together and in front of me. I was going to be sick. I was going to be really sick. I reeled in a circle, desperately searching for a place to sit down, but all of my furniture was gone. Another wave of clarity rippled through me and my stomach actually lurched this time. I took off for the kitchen sink and gripped the stainless steel basin. I ignored the anal retentive voice inside me screaming about germs, not because I wasn't worried about them, but because thinking about them was making it worse. I choked on a gag and then dropped my head forward so I could breathe in and out deeply through my nose.

"You're not going to....? Are you going to be sick?" the guy asked from behind me. He didn't sound concerned, just really grossed out.

I waved an aggravated hand behind me, hoping he would get the hint and just leave. He didn't, or if he did he ignored it and instead walked over to the fridge and opened it. I heard him rummage through the practically empty appliance; my college sized budget didn't cover much more than a value pack of Ramen Noodles. I heard the telltale sign of a pop can opening and then the fizzy bubbles of ginger ale were tickling my nose.

He placed the can to my lips and then tilted it back before I could protest. I took a small drink and then stood up before he could force anymore down my throat. The carbonated beverage settled in my stomach and coated the nausea with something soothing.

Ok, that felt alright.

I took the can from his hand, my fingers accidentally brushing over his before I took possession and then sipped another soothing drink.

"That wasn't me," I finally choked out, squeezing my eyes shut.

"What?" he asked and I jumped by how close he was.

I took a step back, opened my eyes to meet his and said slower, "That wasn't me. I didn't place the bet, or play the game or whatever. It was my roommate, she must have.... stolen my identity! I swear to you, not even an hour ago I found this note that said she had a gambling addiction and she was going to rehab. She owes me money too! "

A long, very still moment of silence stretched between us before he said, "She stole your identity?"

"Yes!" I squealed. Even I could tell how high pitched and annoying that was, but I couldn't help it! "And my furniture," I said with further emphasis.

"I was actually wondering about that," he said pensively.

"So you see? It's not me that owes you seven thousand dollars, it's her."

"But she's gone? To rehab? With all of your furniture?" His phrases sounded like questions, but they didn't feel like them. It felt more like he was trying the words out, rolling them around on his tongue and deciding whether or not I was lying.

"Yes!" I answered anyway, hoping he would believe me.

"You can see why your version of what happened is hard to believe," he sighed and if I didn't know better, or if maybe I wouldn't have slapped my hands over my eyes, I would have been able to assure myself there wasn't a hint of amusement in his voice, or the sound of him smiling. Those things were all products of my delusional imagination.....

"Yes, I could see why, but it's the truth," I promised, struggling to peek from behind my fingers.

"Regardless of what happened, your name is still signed on my contract, you still owe me my money," he stated finally.

"Contract?" I croaked.

"Online document, your initials were used. Unless you have a way to prove to me that it wasn't you who signed the document, I have to assume it was. I mean, that's a lot of money. It's not exactly like I can just look the other way."

"But it wasn't me! I'm sure I can prove it, I just need.... time," I pleaded, my head spinning with every kind of crazy thought to get out of this.

His hand went up to cup his chin in thoughtful silence for a while. His eyes roved over me again, taking in every piece of me as if to weigh it on his internal truth scales and decide whether to trust me or not. Finally, after several minutes of quiet, he said, "I'm a nice guy-"

"You're not a nice guy. You're a scary guy," I confessed honestly and probably a little frantically before I could think better of it.

A rush of laughter fell out of his mouth before he could compose himself, "You don't even know me!"

"You're right! I don't even know your name," I pointed out, suddenly realizing that should have probably been the first thing I found out.

"Ah," he stewed on that for a moment and then said, "Finely Hunter."

I gulped. "Finely Hunter?" Ok, the online gambling thing made sense now. Because Finely Hunter, the senior track star, rumored to go through girls like Kleenex's during flu season and ditch more classes than he attended, was also rumored to run an online on campus gambling site the university had no idea about.

"Fin," he smiled at me. "You can call me Fin."

"You are a nice guy," I drawled.

His grin widened to wicked trouble. "So nice, I'm not going to make you give me my money tonight."

"You're not?"

"No, I have a solution that will help both of us get what we want," he announced confidently.

"You do?" I asked dryly with so much less confidence at the same time I wondered what it was that he thought I wanted.

"Just don't forget, you promised you would help." The hard, authoritative look returned to his eyes and a shiver of nerves climbed up my spine.

I nodded because there was nothing left to do. I needed time to think this over, to hunt down Tara and strangle her until dollar bills popped out her eyeballs.

Chapter Two

"Ok, I'll see you tomorrow night," Fin smiled winningly from the doorway. He was cocky and a know it all and I just needed him to take two more steps back so I could slam the door in his face and lock it.

"Looking forward to it," I lied with little effort to conceal the lie. I was not looking forward to it. In fact, I was dreading it.

How had I gotten to this place in my life?

Fin looked down at me for a few more sEconds, those sharp eyes of his assessing me in a way I was completely uncomfortable with. Guys had checked me out before; I wasn't immune or ignorant to that. But this was nothing like that; this was so much more intense. And I couldn't even be certain what he was doing was actually physical. It felt like something so much more, like he could see me on this metaphysical level and read my aura or something.

"Ok.... I'll see you tomorrow, remember?" I pushed against the door, nudging it against the flip flop that was still in my way. "That means goodnight."

He laughed at my rudeness, his expression slipping from narrowed calculation to happy amusement. "You're right," he finally said and took a step back. "Goodnight El-"

I didn't wait for him to finish, I slammed the door and made quick work of the locks: first deadbolt, sEcond deadbolt, chain, handle lock, big breath.

Holy smokes, what did I get myself into? I fell backwards against the door and then slid to the floor on my butt. I pulled my knees to my chest and then rested my forehead against them.

I knew Tara was a bad seed. I knew it! But I wanted to believe the best of her. And I could never have imagined she would do something this shady. I mean, this was like.... criminal activity kind of bad!

I had doubts about her the first time I met her, but I was desperate for a roommate and she seemed.... nice. So I ignored that she was twenty-five minutes late to our first meeting, that her clothes smelled like the cheapest kind of weed and that her dread-locked hair was dyed a disgustingly pale pink. I mean, if I would have taken all that into consideration that would have been profiling! And profiling was rude and judgmental and other bad things. But maybe.... probably.... roommates should always profile potential roommates; especially ones with secret addictions that have no problems serving them up on silver platters to gorgeous but extra scary bookies.

Was Fin a bookie?

What exactly was a bookie?

I should call the cops. I mean, she robbed me! That was bad. And then she stole my identity!

That was even worse.

Ugh, my parents were going to kill me!

Panic slid like ice through my veins, slushing the blood and raising goose bumps down the lengths of my arms. I shot to my feet and sprinted through my small apartment taking stock of everything still here.

I ripped open my kitchen cabinets and noted the small amount of Goodwill dishes and sEcond hand pots and pans left behind. Those were her contributions to the shared living, not mine. And they definitely weren't worth anything. The living room was empty, the TV, couch, end tables and love seat all disappeared. The only evidence remaining that there had even been furniture in that room were the indents in the carpet and the places next to the wall where the couch was that needed vacuuming. The bathroom was about half and half, the huge metal cornflower blue flower I picked up from the craft store on sale, that brought the soap dispenser and shower curtain together ascetically, was missing, but my shower curtain and the soap remained. Her bedroom was completely empty except for the remaining trash littered across her filthy floor.

And then there was my room.

My hand trembled as I grabbed the door handle and turned. I closed my eyes, sucked in a deep breath and opened the door. A gush of orange blossom and ginger, my favorite Yankee Candle scent, greeted me and fortified me with enough courage to open my eyes.

One at a time....

I released the breath I'd been holding with a shaky laugh. My room seemed to be left alone. My bed was still perfectly made, no creases or wrinkles, my desk with my computer hadn't been touched or removed, my closet door was open but I could see the clothes as they should be. Ok, she hadn't stooped to this level of thievery. She left my room alone.

At least there was that.

If only I could pawn my own things and come up with seven thousand dollars. That would make things a little easier.

But they weren't worth that much money. Or even close to half that much money!

I walked over to my bed and sank down on the edge. My life was a mess right now and it was so frustrating, but mostly embarrassing. Fin Hunter walking into the middle of it was like the final straw of sanity. I had to go to the police. And then I would have to tell my parents. And then my brothers would find out.

And then my entire life would end.

And after it all I would be right back where I started, living with my parents and under lock and key from my over protective brothers.

I was not going back to that place.

Not ever.

I loved my family, more than words. But I was finally out on my own. Finally living life. And I couldn't give that up.

Granted, I had made mistakes. Transferring here after a semester at U of Madison was a huge mistake. Why I thought my high school sweetheart was going to work out for me, when I knew he was a sleazebag in high school was beyond me. Plus, that move got me right back under the watchful eye of Becket and Grayson.

And then there was the housing fiasco where I actually asked Tara to move in with me.

And then of course Colton cheating on me...

Things were already bleak. Adding my parent's anxiety and overprotective assertion into my life would just perpetuate my problems.

I could do this. I could fix this.

On my own.

Fin Hunter promised what he was asking me was not that much. He needed some help and I could give it to him. I could also ignore the six week deadline he gave me to come up with the money. Six weeks left some time to figure that part out.

Ok, no cops.

Besides what was a couch from my Aunt Grace anyway? Or a matching set of end tables and suede recliner from my Grandpa Benton after he went to the nursing home? I didn't even want to think about the fifty-two inch flat screen from Lennox for my housewarming present.

He was going to be so mad at me.

Maybe I could replace it before he got back from China?

Probably I could.

And come up with seven thousand dollars. No problem.

Well, some problems.... but where there was a will, there was a way and I had a will.

A stubborn, determined, freaking pissed off will.

If nothing else.

I stood back up and brushed invisible dirt from my jeans. I assessed my room that was mostly more hand me downs and a matching Ikea desk and bookshelf from my mom for my last birthday. With a long sigh, I left my bedroom and trudged back to the empty living room. I couldn't remember if the tiny dining table from my Uncle Fritz was gone or not.

Yep, it was.

Shoot.

When my large family descended this year for any of Beckett's games or Gray's graduation they were going to want to see their passed down, expensive, occasionally antique, furniture on display.

What was I going to tell them?

I stood at the island that separated the living room from tiny kitchen and worked on my breathing.

I would think about that later too. Right now, I needed to eat some dinner, go to bed and get ready to face tomorrow.

Tomorrow.... when my deal with Fin Hunter started.

The next morning, I slammed my hand down on my alarm as soon as the first sounds started coming through. I shot up into sitting, breathing rapidly.

I shoved my wild, bed-head hair out of my face and mumbled out loud, "That was close."

Not that I would fall trap to anything Kelly Clarkson ever sang again. But what if Christina Aguilera would have come on? Or heaven forbid.... Beyonce?

No more false hope.

No more empowered divas filling me up with fake who-runs-the-world-girl-power.

Living on my own, going to school on my own.... well, mostly on my own, standing up for myself, it was all going to take work. And I was prepared to work.

I ate a quick breakfast of cheap white bread and cheese and then faced my closet. Getting dressed suddenly felt like a crucial decision. I wasn't super trendy, and I really wasn't adventurous, but until yesterday I felt like I could put a decent outfit together.

Now everything seemed dowdy and plain.

Grrr, Fin Hunter, I was not a missionary!

I rifled through the clothes, going back and forth, from shirt to jeans and back, hoping something cute and flirty would just magically appear.

No such luck.

Eventually I settled on a pair of extra slim skinny jeans that I bought a year ago and hadn't worn yet, a yellow silky cami and a navy blue cardigan. Granted, I looked like I belonged on my dad's sailboat and not in a romantic comedy, but I hadn't really been going for the fall-in-love look anyway. And this was different than what I usually wore.

My entire neck was exposed. That was something new.

Oh no, I did dress like a missionary!

I was twenty years old and had the wardrobe of a spinster.

I face palmed and then felt ridiculous because I was starting to have conversations with myself. I ran a hand through my somewhere between wavy and curly chestnut hair and growled audibly.

It didn't matter what I wore, as long as I was happy with it. As long as I was happy with how I looked, nothing else mattered.

Fin Hunter spent twenty minutes with me and already managed to get inside my head. Gah! That was so frustrating.

Still, I resisted the urge to grab a scarf on the way out the door. I grabbed my backpack, shoved the correct books into it and made my way down the three flights of stairs and across the street to the University of La Crosse's campus.

UW-LA sprawled out before me- a series of tall red, brick buildings nestled into spring green grass and budding trees. The landscape was surprisingly flat considering the town itself laid beneath tall, rocky cliffs. The bluffs rose up from the banks of the Mississippi river and tumbled high and rough for miles. In the winter they would ice over with thick, human-sized icicles. Now in the spring, they were taking their time melting since the weather wasn't quite considered warm yet. They dripped from the bottoms of the cliffs in huge streams of water, leaving the side of the interstate perpetually soggy and slick.

Not that I ever walked along the side of the interstate, but I was kind of captivated by them whenever I drove by.

The early March wind whipped at my face, and I glanced back at my moderately priced apartment building with longing. Abruptly I forgot every reason for leaving my scarf at home and exactly who I was trying to impress.

Which was no one. I wasn't trying to impress anyone.

I shivered against the wind and pulled my sweater tight around my waist. This day was not starting off well.

I ducked my head, my hair getting tangled and messy the longer I stood here doing nothing. So I marched forward, crossed the street and entered campus.

The hustle and bustle of morning classes buzzed around me, students moving from building to building, talking, laughing, doing whatever it was that students do in the cold in between space of winter changing to spring. There was some ultimate Frisbee- I mean, this was a college campus after all- happening on a square of muddy, barely green grass, but the players were still in scarves and gloves, their noses red from the biting wind.

I watched them in a kind of disgusted awe and pulled my sweater even tighter around me. And then I saw him across the courtyard. Fin Hunter was surrounded by four of his friends, tall, equally built seniors, equally intimidating men, while they lingered near a bench. The guys around him were actively checking out the female population while he laughed and joked in the middle of it all. I didn't think he saw me, not from way over here, but I picked up my pace anyway.

No need to run into him before I absolutely had to.

Funny how he was only a myth before last night, rumors attached to a name I heard every once in a while. Now that there was a body and face attached to the urban legends I supposed I was going to have to start seeing him everywhere I went.

Annoying.

I tumbled through the student union doorway, anxious to get out of the cold and away from any remnant of the notorious Fin Hunter. A shudder slithered over my shoulders down to my wrists, and I wondered for the hundredth time in the last eight hours, what I had gotten myself into?

"Hey, you're late!"

"Sorry, B," I smiled apologetically at my best friend. "I'm in a war with my wardrobe."

"Looks like you won," her overly large mouth twisted into a grin and I felt some pride. Britte was artistically trendy and never approved of my clothing choices. Her and Fin could probably start a club. "You look hot!"

I rolled my eyes and sighed. "I don't feel hot. I feel cold."

Laughter bubbled out of her, loud and infectious. "Where's your lovey?"

My grin turned tight, "Are you talking about my trademark scarf?"

"Mmm-hmmm," her expression was innocent and condescending all at the same time. I rolled my eyes again and she batted her electric blue lined green eyes at me. "I hardly recognized you with so much skin exposed."

My hand fluttered to my neck self-consciously. "I don't know, I've just been thinking maybe it's time for a change? Maybe I should branch out a little bit." I finished with a little more confidence than I started with, but at least I almost believed myself by the end of it.

"Does this mean shopping?" Britte's already supersized eyes grew larger and her dark lashes swept up so that they nearly brushed her dark eyebrows.

"No," I shook my head quickly. "Definitely not."

"What? Why not?"

"I'm in serious financial woes, B. I can't afford to go shopping now, or later or anytime this decade." I pushed forward, out of the doorway and toward a table in the corner. I couldn't have anyone over hearing this. I loved my brothers dearly, but it honestly felt like they had spies everywhere. Once, in an emergency, I asked the girl in the stall next to me if she had a tampon I could borrow and later that night Beckett texted to congratulate me on not being pregnant.

"Oh no," Britte gasped, following behind me. "Tara the Terror still hasn't paid her share of the rent?"

I ducked under a campus promotional poster that swung precariously from one piece of sticky tack and plopped down into my chair. We were a bit more isolated away from the snack counter/barista station. Most of the influx of students hung out near the cash register or at the full wall length bar that faced out floor to ceiling glass windows and the courtyard I just walked through. We had privacy from any eavesdroppers but also Fin wouldn't likely catch sight of me if he happened to walk this way either.

"Tara the Traitor has done a lot more than refuse to come up with the last two months of rent," I growled.

Britte sucked her bottom lip into her mouth and chomped down on it. She brushed her full dark mane of hair over her shoulder and reached out a super-tanned-for-Wisconsin-at-the-end-of-winter hand to pat mine comfortingly. "Tell me."

And so I did.

Britte's mouth kind of hung unhinged during and after my story. She didn't make a sound for several minutes; she just kept staring at me. I eventually dropped my head into my hands and groaned. This was as bad as I thought it was. Somehow I convinced myself that this wasn't so bad, that I wasn't in too much trouble.

But the look on Britte's face proved otherwise.

"Ellie!" she finally shrieked. "What are you going to do?"

I winced, "I don't know!"

"You have to go to the cops, you have to!"

"Britte, I can't," I quickly shook my head, my more-wild-than-usual hair flying around my face. "I mean, I can. And I've thought about it. But do you know what my family will do to me if this comes out? My parents will freak. My brothers will go insane. They'll probably make me move in with Grayson and then I'll have no social life, no love life and no freedom whatsoever!" I laid it out for her, ticking it off with raised fingers.

Her huge moss green eyes grew impossibly bigger and understanding dawned on her. Britte and I met last year at spring orientation when we were both transfers. We became almost inseparable from day one, so she had plenty of opportunity to get to know the Harris family. Although it wouldn't have taken a genius to figure out how overprotective they were of me, their darling baby girl.

And with two older brothers roaming the campus constantly, she had also seen their domineering behavior in action on more than one occasion.

Especially after Colton dumped me.

Part of my two week seclusion was embarrassment, not only for being cheated on, but for what they did to the poor guy afterwards.

Ok, not poor guy. I had to stop feeling sorry for him!

"So you're just going to let Tara the Terrible get away with this?" Britte demanded, folding her arms across her chest.

"No!" I immediately responded. "Well, maybe. I mean I plan on hunting her down and tearing her hair out, but probably that won't happen. Plus, she has a real problem, B, a real problem."

Britte rolled her eyes. "Well, if you won't tear her hair out, I will. Even if I have to check myself into rehab!"

"Where does one go for a gambling addiction?" I asked pensively.

Britte thought about that for a moment but shook her head dismissively in the end. "I don't know, but come on, we're going to be late. We can brainstorm later. And if nothing else, we'll steal a couple of Becket's baseball bats and get your money back the old fashioned way."

"The old fashioned way?" I laughed and she smirked at me.

We stood up, gathered our bags and left the union. We huddled together in the chilly wind and walked toward class. We weren't in the same major, but we had two of the same gen-eds together this semester. And probably if I didn't think an undergrad in Bio-Chem was insane, I would have switched majors just so we could have all our classes together.

Britte had aspirations to be a surgeon.

I had aspirations to join the peace corp. Or become a teacher. Or a guidance counselor. Or a psychologist. Or something. I wasn't really sure yet, but surgeon was not in the what-I-want-to-do-with-my-life running.

"Oh, no," Britte whispered and then tried to steer my body into the grass.

"What are you doing?" I demanded, skipping forward so she couldn't push me into the mud puddles lining the sidewalk.

She made a high pitched squeaky sound and whispered harshly, "Colton."

She was right. Oh no.

I told myself to keep my head down, to focus on the sidewalk and not even look his way, but obviously I couldn't stop myself. My eyes flickered up and met his almost immediately. Ick.

Britte grabbed my arm with two hands and squeezed tightly. I absently swatted her away while keeping my eyes locked on Colton. Good grief, he was annoyingly good looking with his inky black hair, styled into a short faux hawk, and his startling blue eyes that didn't seem to match the rest of his tanned skin.

"Hey Ellie-belly," he greeted as soon as we were close enough. Was there ever a more annoying nickname? His voice was all concerned compassion and it only made my fingers itch to smack him. "How are you?"

How are you? As in, if he was my therapist and I was about to divulge all of my traumatic-post-breakup-secrets. Psht.

"I'm great," I forced out a smile, feeling how fake it was by how my cheeks nearly cracked.

"Mmm," he answered thoughtfully. "I heard you skipped the last couple weeks of classes, Els. Is something going on?"

"Are you kidding?" Britte screeched at him.

"Hey come on, Britte," Colton put his hands up and backed up a step. "That's not fair."

I snorted before I could stop myself. "Yes, Colton, something is going on."

"Is it because of me?" his voice dropped to a troubled whisper, it was his signature move. It was how he got me in the first place. Junior year, Lennox stopped by my high school to do this career day thing as a "favor" to me, more like a favor for my parents so they could show off just how big and successful he had become. He utterly embarrassed me by talking to my history teacher about what I could do to improve my grade in front of my class.

If he would have just asked me I would have told him I wasn't struggling intellectually, that just happened to be the most boring class in the history of the world and I couldn't bring myself to pay attention.

Instead, Lennox completely humiliated me and then belittled me and by the time Colton found me I was pathetically desperate for a knight in shining armor. Not that he stood up to Lennox, nobody stood up to Lennox, or Grayson or even Beckett, but he did listen to me, gave me a sympathetic ear and then he asked me out on a date.

At the time I thought he was really sweet. Fast forward three years, I'm realizing his whole "listening-ear" thing was just a way to get in as many girls' pants as he could. Ick. I was such an idiot for wasting so much of my life on him.

Especially when he was the one that dragged me right back into the epicenter of my family drama.

I opened my mouth to respond, to tell him that it was in fact because of him and that he could take all his concern and compassion and shove it right back up his.... butt, when-

"Ellie."

I shivered. My name on that deep, rumbling voice, I mean how could I not?

"Hey," I cleared my throat nervously, "Fin Hunter."

My eyes slid from Colton's shocked expression to the amused expression on Fin Hunter's face. His scruff was one day longer, his chocolate brown eyes crinkled and amused and his books held so casually in his arms it was like he was born to be a college student.

"You look nice today, Ellie," his grin grew. "less-"

"Don't say it," I bit out, not even wanting to hear or think or remember the word "missionary" ever again.

He laughed outright at that and then took a step forward. His hand slipped under my back pack strap, sandwiching it tight and hot to my collar bone. He tugged on it playfully, bringing me a stumbling step toward him. And then he looked down at me as if no one else were watching us, as if no one else were anywhere near us.

I gulped.

"Are we still on for later?" he asked in a seductively raspy voice.

I swallowed again, working my throat to complete the action so I wouldn't choke on spit. I knew what he was asking me and there was nothing, absolutely nothing sexy about owing this man money. But the way he presented it in front of Britte and Colton and anyone else who happened to be anywhere near us, made what we were going to do later sound oh, so dirty.

When I didn't, or couldn't respond, he prompted me. "You're not ditching me are you?" He pulled me closer, his hand still trapped between my shoulder strap and body. Somehow my cardigan was pushed aside, living the back of his hand pressed against my bare skin. "I'm really looking forward to tonight."

His eyes flashed with something heated and intense. Maybe a warning? Oh because he wanted to make sure I really wasn't ditching him. Dang it, he pulled me right along with everyone else into his act of seduction. I shook my head, working to clear the lust from my brain. It was just that his eyes were so deep and dark, and he smelled so good and....

"I wouldn't ditch you," I promised, forcing myself out of wherever that spiraling train of craziness was going. I smiled reassuringly, but I meant it. I might not be able to give him his money back, but I would help him find it. Whatever that meant. But because Colton was here, and because he had set me up perfectly, I finished with, "I'm looking forward to tonight too."

"Good," he grinned triumphantly. His other hand slipped under the other strap and he pulled me one step closer so that the front of our bodies were touching. My chest against his chest, my stomach against his flat, hard, perfect stomach. His expression turned absolutely devilish and then he dropped his head and kissed my neck. It was loud and sloppy and mostly playful and I squealed and then gasped. And then he was gone.

His hands released me and he just walked off.

My entire face was the color of a red tomato and my hands were shaking from something like total humiliation mixed with ridiculously misplaced lust. The place on my neck where his lips had just been was still warm but cold too from the residual slobber, which should have been disgusting but still managed to be hot. Mostly because it was Fin Hunter's slobber. And my body kind of buzzed with an energy I was completely unfamiliar with.

"So this is not about me then?" Colton snapped, bringing me harshly back to reality.

"Uh," I coughed, cleared my throat and then coughed again. "This is definitely not about you, Colton."

His eyes swept over me in a calculating glare but finally he moved passed us on his way to class. Britte's mouth was hanging open again and her eyes were practically outside her head.

"How exactly is he expecting you to pay him back?" she demanded.

"Oh," I thought that over, thought over what just happened, but still I couldn't make sense of any of it. "Oh, no. Oh not like that." I shook my head vehemently while my light brown hair slashed at my face. "No really, not like that."

"Uh-huh," Britte did not sound convinced at all.

Come to think of it, I didn't really think I was all that convinced either.

Shoot! This was about prostitution!

Chapter Three

I can't believe you're already dating someone else. I can't believe you moved on. Did I mean nothing to you???

Yeesh, three question marks. Colton was serious.

I jammed my finger over the power button of my phone and cocked my arm to chuck it against

the wall. But then talked myself out of it. At this point, I couldn't afford a new cell phone. And I couldn't afford any more emotions for freaking Colton.

Seriously?

He was mad that I moved on?

Him. The man-whore with no standards.

This was not worth getting angry over. This was not worth a reply.

Especially since I didn't really want to be honest about the dating part. Or the moving on part.

Since I wasn't really doing either.

"You alright, Els?" Beckett called from a few feet away.

My head snapped up and I groaned audibly. Not that it stopped Becket from leaving his friends and jogging over to me. His light brown eyebrows were drawn in concern and he rubbed a hand over his shortly cropped golden brown hair, his signature "I'm going to protect you now" move.

"I'm fine, Becks," I sighed and then lowered my arm. "How are you?" I smiled brightly at him, hoping to nudge him away from the direction of why I was about to throw my phone into the brick wall of the library.

"Is this about Hunter harassing you this morning?" Beckett took a wide stance and crossed his arms.

As siblings, I was closest to Becket in a way that meant we loved each other the most but showed it through fighting constantly. He was only two years older than me and he used to be the best at treating me like I wasn't an infant or breakable. But ever since he went off to college and grew up a little bit, that changed. Granted I appreciated that he wasn't as selfish as he used to be in high school, and that his perspective on the world had widened. But why did it have to widen my direction? Since his freshman year, he joined the ranks with Lennox and Grayson in their overbearing, dictatorial rule over my life.

"Nobody was harassing me this morning," I explained dryly. I stopped myself from a good, solid eye roll and prepared my brain to go through this routine. "God, where do you hear this stuff?"

"Ear to the ground, Els, ear to the ground," he broke out into a crooked grin then and I had to laugh.

"You are so crazy," I giggled.

Defenses efficiently lowered, Becket went in for the attack, "So, is this about Fin? Do you like him? Because as your brother, I feel like it's my familial duty to inform you that he is not good enough for you. He's a whore, a borderline alcoholic and a-"

"Scoundrel?" I butted in. "A dirty, rotten scoundrel?" I asked innocently.

"You're such a smart ass," Becket laughed.

"For real, Becks, there is nothing going on between Fin Hunter and me," I reassured him. "If there was a problem with anybody this morning, it was Colton. Not Fin Hunter."

Beckett narrowed his eyes on me and thought over my words. "Colton still bothering you, E?"

"Oh my word, let it go!" I growled.

"Hey Beckett," a leggy blonde called from up the sidewalk a ways. She was wearing a denim mini skirt, a low cut ultra-tight t-shirt and Uggs. I didn't even know how to begin to start judging her. Honestly, there were too many options.

"Hey, you," Beckett called back with his best I'm-a-lady's-man-smile.

"Oh lord, you don't even know her name," I mumbled on a laugh.

"Shut it," he growled at me.

The blonde was interrupted by a friend of hers, another blonde, in not a denim mini skirt, but in fact, denim shorty shorts and an equally tight Packers t-shirt. Also in Uggs. She gave Becket a wave, a huge smile and then giggled. Then she turned to the first blonde at which point there were more.... giggles.

"Fan club?" I teased.

"Hopefully," Beckett sighed and then pointed a stern finger at me. "No getting pregnant."

And with those words of wisdom, Beckett was off. At least I escaped the third degree about Fin Hunter. And hopefully Beckett was distracted enough that he would forget Colton too. I did not need that guilt trip piled on top of everything else.

And I would feel guilty if they beat Colton up.

Again.

As much as I wanted to embrace this whole liberated woman thing, a brutal beating was not something my conscience would let me overlook. Unfortunately.

I blew out a puff of air and looked around the sprawling campus. Beckett was now surrounded by a group of blondes and headed in the direction of the gym, probably so his little fan club could watch him work out. So stupid.

Beckett, like all of my brothers, and unlike me, came to the UW-LA on sports scholarship. Lennox, the pioneer of the family, made it here for tennis. Which so fit Lennox's stuck up personality. Obviously not every tennis player was stuck up, probably not very many were. But Lennox was. And now he could get away with it at his country club, bragging about his college glory days during doubles matches and cocktails.

Grayson was next, never one to let Lennox one up him. He chose the wrestling path though, since he was by far, my biggest and scariest brother. Where Lennox fits the whole suit and tie, champagne and caviar persona, Grayson was more brute strength and possibly/potentially a super hero kind of guy. Although, don't ever underestimate his intelligence. The guy made everything in life a competition with Lennox and he would be damned before he let Lennox win. Since Lennox was now on the fast track to CEO of his dream job at an international marketing consulting firm, Grayson's soon to be MBA was strongly attached to plans including cure cancer, walk on the moon and last but not least world domination.

Finally Beckett, the wild child and resident black sheep of the family, still managed to follow the well-worn path of the Harris boys and get here via baseball scholarship. My parents were happy he made it to college at all, he was happy college contained so many co-eds and college was happy because he had already given them three, soon to be four, winning seasons.

My parents were only slightly disappointed when I didn't follow in their footsteps. Originally I rebelled completely by choosing an entirely different university, which I think was their biggest concern. We were all in agreement my athletic career could safely die in high school. However, nobody was happy I chose to be so far from family. A whole two and a half hours away.

So even though everyone hated Colton and hated that I stayed with him for as long as I did, they all jumped on the support-band-wagon, the minute Colton started to push me to join him at La Crosse. Now that I think about it, their support was maybe also because my brothers suspected him of cheating on me and they wanted me to catch him. But at the time, I just felt wanted, I felt like Colton was really trying at our relationship.

Now here I was. Overprotected. Dumped. Broke. And in debt.

Speaking of....

"You're late," I called out in way of greeting. Fin Hunter separated himself from his own version of a long-legged entourage and smiled up at me.

"See you later, Lacey," he waved over his shoulder at the brunette in leggings and a low cut tunic top.

"Bye, Fin," she called back with a confused look on her face.

I didn't blame her. I would be confused too if I looked like her and was suddenly dismissed for something like me. It was very disconcerting to be the object of Fin Hunter's energy and focus, expected for a girl like her, a bit traumatizing for a girl like me.

He sauntered over to me, with a lazy stride and casual arms gripping at a backpack he wasn't wearing earlier. The late evening sun was low in the sky, but still shining bright enough so that it wasn't close to dark. Fin Hunter looked perfect in this lighting and I found myself annoyed at the realization. His smile was crooked and easy and his eyes had that same laughing quality that irritated me so much yesterday.

It still annoyed me today.

This was going to be a long night.

"The boss is never late." He stopped directly in front of me, looking down at me from those dark brown eyes. "You work for me, remember?"

"Work for you?" I gaped. "Work for you? What?"

"Our agreement," he explained just as casually as he was standing there, all relaxed ease, no hurry, no concern, just complete comfort. "You're going to work for me until you come up with my money. I need a secretary. You want to help. Plus, you owe me all that money. Plus, I'll deduct your hours from the total of the amount you owe as we go. Isn't that generous of me?"

My mouth fell open. Fell open, as in just dropped wide and shocked without my permission. Three sEconds in and I was left completely speechless. He laughed at me lightly and then used his upturned hand to gently close my mouth. His fingers brushed the underside of my jaw and his thumb rubbed against my chin, one time, two times, three times.

"Come on," he smiled down at me, his eyes filling with that amusement again.

Finally I found words, "Come on where?"

"My apartment."

"But you said to meet you at the library?" I reminded him in confusion. I should have probably said a hundred different things, including "I'm getting a lawyer so this whole personal assistant/secretary thing isn't really working out for me." But instead I just looked at him.

"Obviously, we cannot run an illegal underground poker game from the middle of campus," he sighed like I was silly for even thinking that and turned to walk away.

"Illegal?" I whispered and then repeated on a croak That was a fact I was really hoping was part of the urban legend side of him. "Illegal?"

"Come on, Ellie," he called in a singsong voice.

And like an idiot, I followed him. So much for that whole liberated woman thing.

Fin Hunter's apartment was on the opposite side of campus than mine, but similar in a lot of ways. His building housed mostly college students, just like mine. It was seven stories, just like mine. He lived on the sixth floor, although I live on the third, but the staircase was very similar. Although Fin's was like an upgraded version of my building, it was obvious his rent was more, the tenants were of a higher, probably quieter standard and the super probably fixed things the same day they were broken. However, the only substantial difference between our living places was he lived alone in his one bedroom space while I lived with a roommate in my two bedroom.

Wait. Scratch that. We both live alone.

I wasn't surprised at all by the layout, or location of his living space, but I was very surprised by how clean and well decorated it was. The kitchen had nice, brand new appliances, and not just the ones that came stock with the lease, he had a really nice toaster and toaster oven. And there wasn't a George Forman grill in sight, which in my limited experience with college-aged boys, seemed to be a fixture.

Likewise, his living room was spacious with a desk facing out and toward the TV in the back of the room, a comfortable looking sectional, an even more comfortable lazy boy and a huge TV that was already playing ESPN on mute when we walked through the door. His living room windows were long and large and overlooked campus while letting in lots of natural lighting.

I was even more disappointed to realize not only was his apartment nicer than mine, but I liked it better than mine.

Plus, it was possible he had better taste than me.

I stood awkwardly looking out the window so afraid of how the rest of this night was going to go. I had to get this back under control, under my control. I was determined to fix, no to solve this problem all by myself, but Fin Hunter was so not going to make this easy for me.

"Fin Hunter, we need to talk," I turned around and mentally readied myself to face him.

He looked up at me from his desk where he had brought two glasses of water and an extra chair. His hair was a bit mussed at the end of the day, his scruff shading his jawline and spotlighting those stupidly perfect lips and he had removed the hoodie he was wearing early, leaving his ridiculously toned arms exposed for my viewing pleasure.

Ok, Ellie. Focus.

"Come, have a seat," Fin motioned to the chair pulled up next to his desk chair. His desktop was booting up, and he pulled out a laptop next to it.

I hesitated, not even wanting to get behind the desk. It felt like once I sat down I was resigning myself to this indentured servitude he seemed to think I already agreed to. No, I needed to stand my ground and offer what I came here to offer: a firmly worded letter writing campaign.

"I'm Ok," I replied with a confident tone. "I-"

"It's just a chair, Ellie," Fin interrupted, giving me a commanding yet gentle look of his own. "You can talk to me about whatever you want from over here. Right now I feel like I'm about to be scolded. I promise you I will be much more receptive to whatever you have to say if you sit down and talk to me like we're friends."

My mouth started to fall open again, but I caught myself and purposefully locked my jaw. I thought over his words for a minute and decided that I hated he was right. But still, he was right. I didn't want to scold him, and more importantly I wanted to get my way. I tried not to sigh impatiently, but I knew something slipped out when I watched his mouth twitch like he was trying not to smile again.

I reluctantly sat down in the comfortable kitchen table chair he brought over for me and then turned to face him. I was closer than I thought, way too close to think straight, so I pushed my chair back and opened my mouth to lay it out for him.

"I like this shirt you're wearing," he said before I could get anything out.

So confused, I responded with, "Uh, thank you."

"Yellow's a good color on you," he continued, leaning in so that the space I just created between us suddenly disappeared.

"Thank you," I repeated while leaning back to gain that distance again.

Fin Hunter hit me with his huge grin and looked up from under his lashes straight into my eyes, like straight into mine, all the way in, as far in as he could get. "Am I making you uncomfortable, Ellie?"

"Um...." Solid reply, I know. "No."

"You seem uncomfortable," he reiterated, his eyes never leaving mine.

"Stop it," I suddenly snapped.

"Stop what?" His brow furrowed and his smile disappeared.

"You're making me uncomfortable by asking me if I'm uncomfortable, so stop it!"

His brow un-creased and he looked away from me, but I was pretty sure it was so he wouldn't start laughing.

"I'm sorry," he finally breathed and I could tell it took all he had to sound serious. "I'll stop."

"Thank you," I allowed.

"Alright, let's get to work then, yeah?" he flashed another perfect smile and then turned to his computer.

"Yes, sounds good," I smiled back; just to seem like a sane, rational thinking person. Also, it was kind of hard not to smile back when he looked at me like that. Because even though he had this ability to be absolutely and terrifyingly scary, he also had the ability to look anything but. His smile was really, seriously perfection.

"Ok, so what I'm going to have you do is some background work on an upcoming game. I have a few smaller games that run bi-weekly, you will also be helping me monitor those. But I need to look into some of the players for the big game in April. I don't want what happened with you ever happening again." Fin paused for a sEcond to suck in a breath and I couldn't help but interrupt.

He tricked me. He tricked my guts.

"Wait," I held up my hand to emphasize my command. "Wait, stop. I wanted to talk to you, remember."

Fin dropped his head on a sigh, and I almost felt bad for irritating him, but when he looked up and I saw he was trying not to laugh again I easily stopped feeling bad.

"You're sneaky, Fin Hunter, I'll give you that," I admitted with narrowed eyes. "But I'm not going to fall for your stupid compliment-distraction-tactic again. So don't even bother trying it. Now I really do need to talk to you about-"

"Ellie," he interrupted, his voice lowered to a rumbling timber. "You can just call me Fin."

"What?" I asked out of pure confusion.

"You can just call me Fin," he explained, his voice maintaining that sexy sound sending tingles to my very fingertips. "You just called me Fin Hunter. It's the third time today you've used both my first and last name. Actually, you've never just said my first name alone. We're business associates now; it's Ok to call me just Fin."

I cleared my throat feeling about as uncomfortable as I could. He was right; I hadn't actually referred to him as just "Fin" yet. Even in my head I kept referring to him as Fin Hunter, as if he was this mystical creature I wouldn't actually have to deal with in real life.... like Santa Clause. Or Dracula. Or Johnny Depp.

The thought of calling him only "Fin" sent goose bumps skittering down my spine though. And I didn't know why, or why it bothered me so much to be on casual terms with this guy. Maybe because he was this urban legend at school or even in person he was so gorgeous, so out of my league I felt like I was speaking with a celebrity. But either way, none of that was true. Mostly, he was just an obnoxious bastard that wanted me to pay a debt I didn't owe.

Ok, I could be confident about this, I could be strong.

"Alright, Fin," I tried for casual, but I knew his name sounded forced and awkward on my tongue. Plus it didn't help that I had to bite down on my bottom lip to keep from following up his first name with his last.

"See?" Fin smiled down at me. "That wasn't so hard. It was actually kind of nice. You've got this soft, gentle voice; it's actually kind of sexy."

He leaned toward me and his eyes dropped to my mouth, which was, of course, hanging open. And that's when I realized he was doing it again!

"Stop flustering me!" I demanded. At this rate I was never going to say what I needed to!

Fin broke out in a crooked, triumphant smile then, his gaze finding mine again. "But you're so fun to fluster," he admitted.

I let out a growl of frustration and watched as his smile grew. Brat.

"I can't do this," I rushed my words out afraid one more compliment from him and I'd be signing over my soul. "I can't help you, or work for you or do whatever it is you want me to do. I don't owe you the money. My roommate does. And I don't know where she is, or where your money is, but I do know that none of this is my responsibility. And even though I want to help you find her, I do not want any part of your illegal gambling.... thing. Nor can I be of any help because I know nothing about gambling or poker or Texas shuffle them or anything!"

"Wait," Fin commanded and I didn't want to admit this, but if he told me to do anything in that voice I probably would, it was probably why I was here right now even when I wanted to be anywhere else. "Texas shuffle them?"

And before I could respond he burst into laughter, throwing his head back and all.

"Or whatever it's called," I finished on a sigh.

"It's not called Texas shuffle them," He sobered and then looked me over as if he were really seeing me for the first time. "It's called Texas Hold 'em and we don't even play that here. We play Five Card Stud." He paused, visibly gathered patience and then continued, "Ok, here's the thing. This is going to work for us because I need to hire help and now that I'm out seven thousand dollars I can't afford to pay someone. You owe seven thousand dollars and need a way to pay that off. You solve a problem for me and I solve a problem for you. On top of that, you can't prove to me that this isn't your debt. Not just by your word. I want to believe you, Ellie. I do. You don't seem to have any clue about any of this. And you seem genuine enough. But whenever I decide to believe you, I start arguing with myself. It's not like the gambling version of you knew what they were doing either. Sure you were up for a while, but honestly that could all have been blind luck because as soon as you started losing you really started losing. Like a ball of burning flames kind of losing. So I gave you time, I gave you twenty four hours to come up with something else, some way to prove to me that this isn't your debt. Right? If this really isn't yours you could have gone to the police, you could have tracked down your alleged roommate, or what I really expected you to do, you could have gone to your brothers. I know Beckett, and I know Grayson, and whether this debt was really yours or not, I know they would have stepped in for you and tried to settle this. So, when I remind myself of all that, I can't talk myself into believing this debt isn't yours. I am going to make this very simple for you. We won't even need to go to the police or anything. First of all, I'm going to tell you what I want. I want you to work for me. Maybe, ten hours a week. Nothing too demanding, nothing that will take away from school. And in the meantime you are welcome to hunt down the person you really believe has my money, or come up with it on your own. I'm not going to pressure you for it other than I need it in six weeks. I need it by April twenty seventh. However, if you are telling the truth, hell, if you are not telling the truth and just want to get out of this, all you have to do is ask Grayson to talk to me. I owe him. If Grayson talks to me, I'll let this go."

"Why do you owe Grayson?" I asked before I could stop myself. Not many people owed Grayson. Grayson was the kind of guy that collected on all of his debts.

"That's between him and me. Besides, it's not the kind of debt that you owe me. This is something less.... tangible. So is that what you would like to do? Are you going to talk to your brother? Or are you going to see this through with me." His eyes were darker than they ever had been; black pools of intensity.

I swallowed against the nervous lump rising in my throat. I hated his options. Hated them. I couldn't go to Grayson; that was absolutely out of the question. I was doing my best to avoid my family's protection, I was definitely not going to go run and crawl under it the minute I faced any kind of trouble. Besides, for some reason going to Grayson felt like I was admitting to this being my fault. And even though staying with Fin and working for him felt exactly like admitting this was my fault, it was all of a sudden the better, nobler option.

Which was stupid.

So stupid.

"Fine," I grumbled, already regretting my decision.

"Fine, what, Ellie?" Fin asked quietly.

"Fine, I'll help you. Fine, even though this isn't my debt, and I don't owe this money and I probably will never be able to come up with it in six weeks, fine I'll see what I can do." I crossed my arms and looked down at my shoes. I kicked my toe against the wheel of Fin's chair. I knew I was pouting, but I couldn't help myself. He used my own arguments against me.

"You'll come up with the money, Ellie," he said gently but authoritatively.

"I wouldn't get your hopes up," I sighed and dared to meet his eyes again.

"I don't have hopes, I have desperation and I need that money, so you will find a way to get it to me." His voice was a low growl that sent the hairs on my arms standing at attention.

"What-"

"I'm not going to tell you what I need it for, so don't bother asking." Suddenly he was very terse, completely and emotionally cut off. He reminded me of the guy that first came to my apartment; the guy I easily assumed was a hit man for the mob.

Cold, aggressive and dangerous.

"I'm not helping you do something illegal," I braved my last bit of integrity.

"Too late, Ellie. You agreed to do it my way, that was the only time you will ever be given a choice from here on out. Now let's get to work."

He turned back to the computers, his long fingers gliding easily over the keys. With a few clicks of the mouse and pecks at the keyboard we were on the backside of an intensely complicated online poker website.

Fin was absolutely focused now, in the zone and explaining everything in a clinical, slightly annoyed way. I turned my attention to the screen, to the task at hand. I filed all of the information away, determined to do well at this, even if I didn't understand everything that was happening in front of me.

I had to do it that way. I didn't have a choice. Because if for even a sEcond I thought about the consequences of helping Fin with his illegal game or whatever illegal activity he needed all that money for, I would succumb to the panic attack I was just barely holding at bay.

And one panic attack in front of Fin Hunter was enough for a life time.

Chapter Four

"Hungry?" Fin asked after two hours of what he called "orientation" and what I called a giant waste of time. I didn't understand what he did online at all. Not the gambling, not the business side of it and especially not the programming part of his website.

"Why?" I asked suspiciously. "How long do you want me tonight?"

There was a charged pause between us while I stared at my computer refusing to look at him. He was a senior in college; there was no way he was going to take the easy and juvenile joke here.

"All night," Fin finally answered in my ear, low and growly. "Girl, I want you all night."

I swung out and punched him in the shoulder. He laughed at my response but didn't scoot back any. "But then we wouldn't get any work done and your ten hours of my time would be up for the week," I reminded him trying to stay as calm and casual as I could. Although that wasn't exactly easy and it had nothing to do with his joke and everything to do with how close he was sitting next to me right now.

"Ellie, I promise you, if you spent the night with me, I wouldn't have to bargain for your time, you'd come back willingly. Over and over and over," his voice was husky now and so full of innuendo I felt my face heat to a fast blush.

I finally lifted my eyes to meet his and while his mouth was tilted in a playful smile his dark eyes were heated and not at all playful. A tingle rolled over my skin, every inch of me while my brain tried to convince my body that he was just messing with me.

"So all boys are perverts then?" I asked dryly. "You never grow out of that?"

His eyes relaxed and he leaned back in his chair, his lips twitching. "You tell me, you're the one that grew up with three brothers."

"Yeah, but they weren't perverted around me!" I squeaked. Although that wasn't entirely true, it had gotten better now that we were all older.

That got another bark of laughter out of him. "Ok, so dinner, yeah? We both need to eat."

"You're not going to make me pay for it are you?"

He smiled down at me but didn't answer my question, which made me nervous. I mean, I was just joking. But seriously, I was just joking. I couldn't afford dinner. If I had to pay for it, we'd be eating from my stash of Ramen Noodles. And the muscles, defined and rippling all over his body, told me a sodium filled package of dried noodles wouldn't be nearly enough nourishment for him.

"Food allergies?" Fin asked from where he stood at the gray slate kitchen counter, multiple take-out menus spread out in front of him.

I kind of hated how cool his apartment was.

But his question seemed really considerate. "Um, no. But I, even though it's not exactly a food allergy, I really, really hate mushrooms," I confessed. Ugh, he made me so nervous and we were only talking about mushrooms.

"Noted," he said on a smirk. "Extra mushrooms."

I wanted to convince myself that he was just kidding, that he wouldn't really order extra mushrooms. Plus, it was a lame joke, right? I mean what was with him and taking every obvious avenue? But....

"No, I said, no-"

"I heard you Ellie," he grinned over at me like he just won some kind of contest. His whole face transformed with that look, he went from unattainably handsome to something more boyish, more playful. I realized that this expression was infinitely more dangerous than all of the other ones; this look was going to get me the most into trouble. "I was just kidding."

"I had no idea you were such a comedian," I rolled my eyes. But seriously, who knew the great Fin Hunter liked to make lame jokes? Everything I had ever heard about him centered around his illegal activities, his super human speed or his gorgeous body. Nobody ever talked about his sense of humor.

Also I had to stop referring to him as Fin Hunter in my head. He was not a celebrity.

"There's a lot about me you don't know yet, Ellie," he said on a soft mumble.

I cleared my throat, hating how my girl-brain went straight to planning our wedding at the sound of future promise in his voice. I was an idiot. "So what's for dinner?"

"Pizza?" he asked like he was giving me a choice.

"Sure," I squeaked, trying to ignore the way my mouth watered. "Sounds good."

Pizza? As in a real meal! I stayed my enthusiasm until I heard him give his order and credit card number over the phone and then I bounced up and down in my seat like I just won the lottery. Hooray, a real meal!

I would just ignore the sinking thought that I was really selling my soul for pizza. Well, pizza and a debt of seven thousand dollars.

Plus, just because I was eating his pizza, did not by any means, make me friends, colleagues, associates or anything else with Fin Hunter.

With Fin.

Just Fin.

"Why do you look so happy?"

I snapped my head his direction and mashed my lips together to hide my smile. He was staring at me with narrowed eyes again, as if studying the whole of me; not just my outward appearance, not even my mood, he was studying all of me, every part, hidden and exposed.

His gaze was unnerving and the intelligence behind it was completely unexpected. Not that I wasn't used to smart jocks, all three of my brothers were incredible athletes and super smart. Still, it was honestly unexpected from Fin.

"I just really love pizza," I admitted when his gaze did not soften or lessen in intensity.

"But you're so thin," he observed and I hated that his words felt like an insult.

"Um, thanks?" I shook my head trying to play off the disappointment I felt, but he tilted his head as if I should explain my size to him. Did he interrogate all girls like this? It would explain why he didn't have a girlfriend.

I didn't even want to examine why I knew he didn't have a girlfriend.

"I don't get to eat it very often," I explained. "It's kind of a special treat for me."

A light bulb must have gone off in his head because suddenly his expression turned smug and knowing. "Oh you're one of those girls."

I popped up from my seat, arms crossed, ready for battle. "One of what girls?" I demanded.

"The kind that never eats, the kind that starves to stay skinny," he deduced arrogantly.

"You are such a cocky bastard," I grumbled, plopping back down in my seat. I was livid. Not that his argument was at all founded. I grew up fighting for my meals, learning how to beat all the boys to the dinner table and then fending them off while I assured my own sustenance. But still, just because a girl didn't eat in front of guys didn't mean there was anything wrong with her. She could be nervous. Or self-conscious. It wasn't out of the realm of possibility she might not be hungry. Gah, boys could be so thick-headed.

"Did you say bastard?" Fin asked on a smothered laugh.

"Shut it." I turned back to the computer, pretending to do work although he hadn't told me what to do next so I was pathetically at a standstill.

"Geez, Ellie, you're so bossy," he whined while walking across the living room to where I sat. "I had no idea, timid Ellie Harris could be so demanding." He came to a stop, hovering over me. He was uncomfortably close and then he leaned down to rest his hands on the desk so that I had no choice but to smell him, to breathe in his yummy body wash, or deodorant or whatever it was that smelled so.... yummy.

When I didn't respond to his jab, he leaned forward on his hands, bring his face even closer to mine. He inhaled deeply and my head whipped around, alarmed at the thought that he was....

"Did you just smell me?"

He gave me a sheepish grin and then took a lock of hair in my hand. "It's not my fault you belong on a shampoo commercial."

I rolled my eyes. "Yeah right."

"What?" he demanded, rubbing the strands of hair back and forth between his forefinger and thumb as if mesmerized.

I glanced up at his perfect, shiny dark hair and rolled my eyes again.

Seeing that I wasn't going to get an answer he went back to his original argument. "You have no problem eating in front of me?"

"Trust me, you will be lucky to get any pizza for yourself," I admitted and then had to bat his hand away when he tugged on the lock of hair he was holding.

"So this is good metabolism?" his fingers left my hair to squeeze my measly bicep between them in a hard pinch. I swatted at him again, but he dodged my weak attempts at self-defense.

"Why are you so concerned with my diet?" I growled.

"You owe me a lot of money. I'm just protecting my interests," he grinned down at me. And once again I was flooded by him, by every part of him. He was invading my space, attacking my senses and it was completely disorienting.

I let out a groan of irritation to which he chuckled at.

"You're really not on some weird diet?" he pushed and this time the concern marking his tone pressed against my more sensitive feelings, demanding I open up to him.

Just a little bit.

"I'm on the Ramen Noodle diet, does that count?" I admitted on a mumble.

"The what diet? Why?" he actually sounded appalled. Like he was too good for Ramen Noodles. He was in college, it was like part of a code.

"You know, because I can't afford anything else? I'm a poor, desolate college student." I said by way of explanation.

He cocked his head back, like my words made no sense to him whatsoever. He turned away from me, resting his nicely shaped backside against the desk and crossed his arms.

"No you're not," he finally announced.

"Excuse me?" I hissed, half from shock, half from embarrassment.

"I know all of three of your brothers, Ellie. And I know two of them fairly well. I've gone to school with Beckett and Grayson for four years and Lennox is somewhat of a legend around here. Beckett is in most of my classes. You're not poor and you're not desolate."

I stood up, angrier at him than I ever had been in our entire twenty-four hour acquaintance. And then I verbally attacked his.... shoes. Just because I was in the process of growing a backbone did not mean I was ready for a full on frontal assault. Much too risky. Besides, what if he looked hurt or shocked by my harsh words? Then I would be forced to feel bad for him. "Don't act like you know me, because you don't. Just because you Facebook-stalked me and know who my brothers are does not mean you know me."

He twisted around so he could stare me down at me while I was compelled to look up at him and met his gaze. I was unsurprisingly unnerved by the intensity of his scrutiny. Why did he have to look at me like he could see through me? All the way through me? I kicked the chair out behind me and decided I would stomp my way to the bathroom and hide out there until the pizza arrived.

Then I would eat the pizza.

Then I would leave.

Very dignified.

"I didn't say I knew you, Ellie. But your family does have money. I do know that," His words slowed my progress and I whipped my head around to respond.

"Fin Hunter, I-"

"Just Fin," he reached for my hand, clasping my fingers between his two much larger, much stronger ones. He tugged on it just a little bit and I stumbled into him. He was ready, opening his legs so that when I righted myself I came to a stop facing him, trapped between his outstretched legs and the solid wall of his chest. "Just Fin, Ellie. Or every time you say my name I'm going to think I'm in trouble."

He looked up at me from under those dark lashes, and I forgot how to talk for a minute. Like all the way forgot, like my mouth had no idea how to make sound come out of it. This wasn't fair. He was using all of his charm and wiliness on me and I was left to fumble around confused and.... flustered.

"But usually you are in trouble," I somehow came up with a witty, if not true response, although I had no idea how any kind of rational thought was getting past his body heat or deeply heated eyes.

"Seems to me like you attract trouble," he rumbled in his deep voice that seemed to drop an octave with anticipation.

Goosebumps immediately rose all over my skin and I felt myself lean toward him even though I knew he was just messing with me. A chill shivered down my spine and I couldn't stop myself, I was going to kiss him. Inside my head, I was screaming at myself to stop this madness, to wiggle away from him, but I couldn't. He had this tractor beam radiating from him, drawing me to him like a moth to the light, or more accurately like a stupid mosquito to a deadly bug zapper.

I was helpless to fight this pull, to struggle against the invisible line he had tied to me. And now in just sEconds I suddenly felt this overwhelming need to taste his lips, an obsession to find out how they would feel against mine. Soft or hard? Insistent and frenzied or slow and sensual? My fingers literally itched with a crazed need to run along his scruffy jawline and my heart was fluttering with anticipation. I had to kiss him or I would die.

Saved by the buzzer. Literally. The screaming, ultra loud buzzer blasted through the silence between us and we both jerked apart. I leapt out of his way, while he stood at the same time. He ran a hand roughly through his hair, tugging at the roots. He stared unseeing at the door for a minute, while I tried to find a large enough something to crawl under and possibly die. I didn't know if cause of death would ultimately be from stupidity or embarrassment, but I was positive at this point, either one was possible.

If only I could find a space big enough to hide my stupid, betraying body.

I could not believe I was about to kiss him!

What kind of wanton idiot was I all of a sudden?

Maybe Colton did more of a number on me than I originally thought. After all it took me six months before I gave him an opportunity to kiss me. Not that he didn't try, I just never let myself be open to that. Then again, I wasn't sure I was super attracted to Colton in the first place. But those were therapeutical musings for another day. Besides, now here I was, not even three weeks out from our breakup and I was the one initiating things with the untouchable Fin Hunter.

I meant, Fin.

Just Fin.

The super-hot, super dangerous, super bad influence senior that knew all of my brothers.

Ding ding ding, and stupidity wins over embarrassment every day of the week.

"You alright, Ellie?" Fin was looking back at me from over his shoulder, his hand stilled on the intercom to let the pizza guy up.

I was standing in the middle of his living room biting a hole through my bottom lip.

Ugh.

"Fine," I squeaked. Cleared my throat. And tried again, "I'm fine, just hungry. Faint with hunger almost. I mean, man cannot live off Ramen Noodles alone, right?" What was I saying??? I cleared my throat again. "What I'm trying to say is let the pizza guy-"

The loud buzzer blaring through the apartment cut off my command, but somehow I could still clearly hear Fin's laughter.

I did eventually escape to the bathroom, where I had a stare down with myself in the bathroom mirror. Like the rest of the apartment, Fin's bathroom was even cool. It was huge and spacious and by all the amenities in the glassed in tile shower, I guessed he didn't have an en suite in the master. There was an actual claw foot bathtub completely separate from the shower, though when I looked inside it was kind of dusty so I was guessing Fin wasn't the type of guy to take relaxing bubble baths. The mix of modern and cozy antique was completed with a detached sink that boasted an open faucet and a burnished gilded mirror. In the long vanity there were so many cabinets to open and snoop through, but I kept my attention firmly on my own reflection.

We needed to have a talk.

Me, myself and I.

Fin was completely off limits. Not only was he probably the farthest thing from interested in me, but my brothers would go ballistic. Seriously, lose their minds over this. It wasn't just the rumors I heard from other people on campus, it was rumors I heard directly from them.

While they themselves might live debauched, womanizing lives, they would never condone it in another man, especially one their sister was interested in.

And really, is that what I was looking for anyway?

Was I trying to get a membership into the fan clubs I utterly hated?

No, I wasn't.

I didn't even want to be here in the first place. This was a debt, a debt that wasn't even mine. So why on earth was I making things harder for me?

Game plan: pizza, finish "orientation," get lost.

Easy.

I turned the water on and washed my hands in icy cold water, trying to bring back every last piece of common sense I had lost out in Fin's office. Eventually, I opened the door and reentered the living room. Fin was busy, standing over the open pizza box, divvying it up on two real plates.

Not even paper.

Even Lennox, in his ultra-sweet bachelor pad still used paper plates. Although he claimed it was because he was too busy to do dishes. Uh-huh.

I wandered over to the counter, trying to ignore the way my cheeks were still heated. Fin looked up at me with a self-conscious smile of his own and I had to assume his embarrassment extended to me. Ugh, why did I have to be like every other girl and drool over him?

"Smells really good," I broke the silence, determined to put all of this behind us without having an incredibly awkward conversation about it.

"Yep," he replied simply. Awkwardly.

He lifted a plate to hand me a slice of pizza and I couldn't stop the eye roll. "Seriously?" I grunted while taking the plate from him. I scooped up two more pieces on my plate and after thinking about it, grabbed one more just to be safe. Four and four, splitting it down the middle seemed fair. And besides, if I didn't grab all I could now, there probably wouldn't be any left later. I knew how boys operated.

"So you were being serious about the Ramen Noodle thing, huh?" he asked with wide eyes.

"I told you, my weight has nothing to do with impressing boys. Besides I just got out of a long term relationship. Why would I care about what I ate?" I asked, gladly steering any weirdness between us back to just my disappointing social life.

"Well, I thought maybe because he cheated on you...." he trailed off like I should understand that kind of reasoning. I gave him a blank look. "I wondered if your weight loss was a recent thing. If maybe you blamed yourself for his stupidity?"

I snorted at that, actually snorted. "Colton cheated because he's a douche bag. And by the way, I never say that word. That's how strongly I think it. And I'm skinny because, whatever you want to believe about my family, I'm poor and seven thousand dollars in debt apparently and don't have money to splurge on pizza every night of the week."

He winced at that. Good, he should feel bad!

"Ellie, if I could give you an extension I would. But I need the money. And also, it's my money."

"We don't have to keep going over this." I waved him away and then turned around so he wouldn't be disgusted by the huge bite I just shoveled into my mouth.

Grease dripped from my chin and I reached blindly behind me for a napkin. I might have been a little aggressive with my bite, but what was done was done and mortification swept over me while I patted the counter searching desperately for the pile of napkins I knew were back there.

"Need some help?" Fin asked smugly.

I grunted around the bite still being chewed in my mouth. Deciding I didn't need to keep letting Fin decide how things happened between us, I turned my palm around so that the back of my hand rested on the counter and tapped my fingers against the slate impatiently.

Fin laughed softly at me, but placed the napkin in my hand. I had tilted my head back at this point to keep the grease from running down my chin and with napkin in hand swiped at it frantically.

"That is maybe the sexiest thing I've ever seen," Fin intoned dryly.

I waved my middle finger at him and then made my way back to his desk. I sat down in front of the open Facebook account, his open Facebook account, and went back to work.

"You're not going to get my keyboard all greasy are you?" he asked on a wince, still watching me from the kitchen counter.

"Trust me, if there is any sticky substance on your keyboard, it's not from my pizza," I bit out. The truth was, I aspired to be a lady, calm, collected and well-mannered, but I had grown up with three brothers. If Fin was going to push my buttons, he would get results. That was just the nature of the beast.

"What does that mean?" He demanded on a huff.

"Your messages? I've heard you were a man-whore, packaged with all kinds of fun diseases but," I squinted at the screen, "Laney Brennan seems willing to take a chance. Which good for you, I mean as long as you're safe and all."

"What?" Fin asked in a panicked kind of way that made me certain he understood.

"Or, um Sophia Kesslar? She is also interested in all those acquired man-whore skills. Careful though, she might come with her own set of diseases based on this picture she just sent you."

Fin sprinted across the room and dove in front of me. With a couple quick clicks of the mouse he shut off the messenger completely and finally removed his body from lying on top of my lap. He stared down at me, face red with either embarrassment or anger, I couldn't tell.

"Listen, before you give me the you're-that-kind-of-guy speech, let's come to the agreement that I can't stop them from messaging me. I didn't ask for either of their.... propositions," he winced on the word and gave a nervous glance back at the computer. "That was all them."

"Fin, honestly," I sighed. "I don't care whether you propositioned them, or they propositioned you or whatever. It's none of my business. Plus, I had class last semester with Sophia Kesslar and I knew she wore spanx under everything, I knew it. She should really cut back on the party-girl-lifestyle. That beer gut is not doing anything for her."

Fin stared down at me, his eyes narrowed, arms crossed. "That doesn't bother you? Really?" He jutted his chin at his Facebook account and I had to stifle the urge to roll my eyes.

"Like I said, you're after school activities are your business, not mine. I'm just here to pay off someone else's debt so you can go back to running your drug cartel."

"Are you always this feisty?"

"Actually no," I said around a bite of pizza. "Never."

"So you didn't give Colton any attitude?" he walked back over to the counter, retrieved his pizza and then settled in next to me as if we were really about to discuss my ex-boyfriend.

"No," I grunted. "For Colton, I was the perfect girlfriend. Well, I thought I was the perfect girlfriend, he thought I was the boring girlfriend."

"What an a**hole," Fin growled.

"Mmm-hmmm," I agreed.

"So, I'm assuming you were pretty heartbroken then?" Fin set his plate down and leaned forward so that his elbows rested on his knees. His dark brown eyes were open and gentle. He really wanted to hear this.

Except this was way too reminiscent of how I got myself into the mess with Colton to begin with.

"I guess," I replied casually. I set my pizza down next to Fin's but sat up straight. I could feel a wall clicking into place over my heart and careful tension return to my shoulders. I was so not falling for the white knight thing again.

"You were in love with him?" Fin pressed, obviously prying.

I let out an unexpected laugh. "No, oh god, no." I shook my head, and laughed some more. Fin's expression had gone from gentle to challenging, and his jaw ticked with tension. Suddenly I felt the need to explain myself completely. Gone was the careful protection of my emotions. If he wanted the truth, I was going to give it to him. "There was an attachment. I cared for Colton. I still do to some degree. But I didn't love him."

"Then why did you stay with him for three years?" Fin demanded, leaning closer to me.

"I didn't say I could never love him, just that I didn't yet. Maybe you fall in love every night Fin

Hunter, but for me that is a huge deal."

"So you've never been in love?" he asked almost eagerly. I kind of hated that his expression softened with his question, as if he already knew the answer. Shoot, his entire body relaxed.

What was I supposed to do with that? Why did he seem relieved that I had never been in love?

He was so dangerous.

What had I gotten myself into?

"No, I've never been in love," I finally admitted.

"But you thought you could love Colton? Eventually?" he pressed.

"Honestly, no. Probably not. I wanted to, but mainly he was good to me. Or, I guess I thought he was good to me. And he pissed my family off," I joked quickly just to cover how stupid I was to think he was a decent boyfriend all the while he cheated on me.

"And there it is," Fin grinned smugly at me.

"There's what?" I demanded, forgetting all about my pizza, or my work, or even my debt.

"You," his grin grew, becoming wicked and delicious all at the same time. I glared at him to cover my desperate need to drool instead. Eventually he continued. "You're rebellious Ellie. And strong and stubborn. You're not at all the complacent, people-pleasing, rule-follower you have everyone believing you are."

I gaped at him. What?

"You are so, so.... so wrong," I stammered weakly.

More of the grinning, twinkling eye thing from him. Damn it, he didn't need to be so cocky about being wrong!

And I meant dang it.

"Sure, Ellie," he murmured, turning his attention back to his pizza. With his attention on his computer and his pizza in one hand, he lifted his other arm, letting his hand run over my shoulder to the back of my neck where he cupped my nape in his giant grip. His fingers weaved themselves into my hairline, holding on tight. I stifled a shiver, remaining completely unmoving while the heat of his skin tested every instinct I possessed not to lean into him. "I just can't wait to uncover what other secrets you're hiding."

My bottom lip dropped open again.

"Now, back to work, slacker. Time is money. Especially for you," he demanded and then dove into his work like I didn't exist anymore.

I eventually closed my mouth and fought for control of my motor functions. When my eyesight had cleared so that I could actually see what was in front of me, I followed his example and buried myself in the work he gave me. I resented this debt he believed I owed him, but right now anything was better than giving Fin more of my attention. I needed a distraction, and it was hard to find a better one than thoroughly Facebook-stalking ten people I didn't know.

I wiggled my fingers greedily and then opened another Internet tab.

Sometimes being a girl sucked, like when every instinct inside of me demanded I obsess over every word, look and touch from the gorgeous boy sitting right next to me. But sometimes being a girl was awesome, like when I got to unleash the hungry gossip-hunting bloodhound drooling over the profile pictures of people I didn't know spread out before me like a Thanksgiving feast.

Chapter Five

"So how was it?" Britte asked from behind me.

"You're late," I whirled around with my arms full of plastic menus all shiny and clean from the the rag that was now tucked into the pocket of my hostess apron.

She shushed me with a meaningful glare and a quick glance around for our manager Ty. "I fell asleep on top of my laptop while writing a paper. Do I still have the imprint of the keyboard on my face?" She turned her head and sure enough there were faint little red boxes where her cheek had been smooshed against her keyboard. They went from chin to temple and broke up her flawless, tanned complexion with cute little reminders she was up way too late last night finishing homework.

"This isn't some weird euphemism for sex is it?" I asked with a sly glance. "Did you finally hook up with your chem partner?"

She snorted and rubbed at her cheek again. "I wish."

Britte reached behind me for the apron she kept stashed in the hostess stand. After we met last orientation and decided to become lifelong besties.... well after we decided we couldn't be separated and the likelihood we would never find anyone we could tolerate better became clear.... we both applied for a job at Baileys, an Applebees type establishment with a happy hour designed for college students and a healthy kids menu that kept family's coming back to the downtown restaurant. It wasn't too far from school, and most of the employees were fellow students. Ty, our manager, worked easily around our school schedule and was really nice about last minute days off. It didn't pay anything and tips were average on the best of days, but I got to work with Britte, my brothers avoided the place and there was a small hope that once I turned twenty-one in a month, I would be promoted from hostess to server and my take-home paycheck would drastically improve.

Just in time to sign every last cent of it over to Fin.

"Are we closing together?" Britte asked sounding as hopeful as I would if I were in her position.

"Nope, sorry. I have dinner tonight with the fam."

She groaned, throwing her head back dramatically.

"That's exactly how I feel," I grumbled. "Everyone's going to be there tonight. It's a welcome home dinner for Lennox. I would much rather be closing here with you."

"No you wouldn't," she laughed. "You love your family."

I made a noncommittal sound and she pushed my shoulder.

"Fine, let's trade places. I'll go eat dinner with all three of your lickalicious brothers, and you stay and close for me with...." she checked the time sheet that was taped to the inside of the hostess stand and then whined, "Creep-O Steve-O?"

I laughed at her nickname for the flirtatious high school student that was convinced he could get any girl he wanted whenever he wanted. He was cute enough for a seventeen year old Star Wars nerd that still had his mom drop him off at work, but still definitely a creeper.

"Lickalicious? B, that's so gross."

"But so true," she winked at me. "But seriously, I have no patience to deal with horny high schoolers tonight. If he pulls out his wallet condom again and offers to give me a lesson in how to please a man, you owe me a million dollars!"

"I'm kind of already in the hole, so how about an ice cream cone from McDonalds?" I countered.

"Fine, deal," she rolled her eyes at me. "But no pocket change. If you're buying me ice cream, I want to be treated like a real lady with dollar bills and everything."

"You're so crazy," I laughed at her.

"Ladies," Ty's condescending voice demanded from one of the server stations a few feet away. Ty was once a sergeant in the army and even in his late thirties still sported his bulky muscles, crew cut and preference to shouting commands over polite suggestions. He was gentle at heart, or at least we chose to believe that, but mainly he ran this restaurant like a battalion. We both whirled around to face our tanned, god-of-a-man-but-way-too-old-for-us manager. "Enough fraternizing. Get to work."

He scowled at us, clearly meaning business. We just smiled back and at the same time he did, we chimed in with "Those tables aren't going to bus themselves," in our best and most sarcastic tough-guy voice.

Which of course only earned us another scowl. Britte and I were definitely rule followers. She maybe not as much as me, but being pre-med still made her driven and focused. And I was worse than her with my devotion to doing everything by the rules. Unless we were together. Then even Ty, the military-man couldn't scare us.

Still, we separated, giggling and shooting each other laughing glances every chance we got.

Once I got to work my thoughts started drifting, and I was disturbed by their direction. On the forefront of every thought train was Fin and my stupid near kiss, mine because if there was any kissing involved it was obviously going to be one-sided. Or Fin and how adamantly he hated Colton, even though he was probably just a good guy that hated how bad guys gave only-marginally-bad guys like him a bad/worse name. Or something, not that I overthought it at all.

My thoughts also flowed to the seven people I was investigating for Fin's upcoming game. Out of ten I already ruled out three, deeming them untrustworthy and lazy. Lazy people didn't pay out debts because lazy people rarely had jobs to give them money. They also didn't win very often, or that's what Fin said.

I was unwillingly flattered by that statement since he apparently hadn't thought I was lazy when he let my identity-thieving roommate enter his game. I actually learned he had rather a high opinion of me to let me in one of his bigger games. While most of the games that went on constantly under his aggressive supervision were played for small amounts, the winners coming out with only a couple hundred bucks at best, he held higher stakes tournaments every two months. It was in one of the bigger games that Tara lost all the money.

Apparently the most money ever lost in one of his games.

Why wouldn't it happen to me?

I was really worried about the winner of the game, after he explained to me that usually transactions are made online, but I/Tara closed my/her account immediately following my/her colossal loss, therefore leaving the winner high and dry.

And even though Fin promised me the winner technically had no idea who I was, since the game survived because of its anonymity, I had still been worried. One super scary man coming to my door was enough. What if the next guy wasn't as nice as Fin?

And that was assuming I could call Fin "nice."

But then he told me that the money went through him, so he already paid the winner and the money was actually due him, outright.

Which somehow made me feel worse for the debt. Even though it wasn't mine to owe. I felt all itchy and uncomfortable thinking about Fin paying all that money when he might not ever get paid back. Especially from me.

"That bad huh?" Britte asked from the other side of an empty table. She pushed in the chairs I was neglecting and righted the salt and pepper shaker, double checking the lids for pranks we deemed outdated, but the general middle school population still found hilarious.

"What do you mean?" I looked up at her so jealous that even flushed from busing tables and in her greasy black polo uniform she was gorgeous and poised. The dull black of the Bailey's uniform only seemed to intensify the shiny glow of her glossy hair. Today her eyeliner was neon green and only worked to set off her bright emerald eyes. I loved her, she was my best friend. But honestly, how pretty she was just didn't seem fair to the rest of us mere mortals.

"Fin Hunter," she whispered dramatically. "You've been staring at the same spot on this table for six entire minutes. Your face is all puckered and your eyebrows are actually pointing downward. Was he mean to you?"

"No, he wasn't mean," I admitted even while I wondered why he wasn't.

"Did he really expect sexual favors?" Britte gasped. "Because I will castrate him if he did. Or not, if you um, liked them."

I blushed. "Britte!"

"So, that's a no then. Just as frustrated as always?" She gave me a smirk and moved on to the next table forcing me to follow her so I could defend myself.

"He really just made me work for him. Nothing weird happened." Except I almost attacked his mouth with my mouth. But even to my best friend I couldn't admit that out loud.

"So what does that mean?" she pressed.

"Mostly he has me research potential gamblers. I have to make sure their credible just in time for them to destroy their credit. It's complicated, you wouldn't understand," I explained dryly.

"Oooh," she gushed. "So you get to spy on them? Are they all people we know?"

"Or have heard of."

Britte made a squeal of delight, or intrigue since this whole fiasco was feeding her gossip obsession too. "I need names."

"No way," I shook my head. "I've been sworn to secrecy."

"Yes, fine. But those things never include best friends. And it turns out that I am your best friend. You must include me."

"Seriously, B, I can't. You know at least half of these people, or have heard of them. And Fin would kill me if I told. Well, first he will kill me for the money I never intend on paying him back and then he'll raise me from the dead, just in time to kill me again. I can't do it. I value my life too much. Or my.... reincarnated sEcond life too much."

Britte paused to think that over and with a curt nod of her head, turned back over her shoulder to say, "I understand that."

"Oh, good," surprised by her easy concession I went back to work.

"I understand that you can't tell me their names. But if I guess them, that's a whole new thing, right?" she smirked at me and then skipped, yes literally skipped, off to gather menus from the different server stations.

I stared after her until Ty shouted from across the room for me to get back to work. Really, I was not this negligent of an employee, but today did not seem to be my day. Although the same could have been said about this week.... month.... year.

Gah! Stop feeling sorry for yourself.

I wandered back to the host stand to greet an elderly couple. They were holding hands and smiling at each other and I had to physically hold back the "aw" I wanted to sigh. I took them to their seat wondering about that kind of love. My parents seemed to be in love, although they could be intense at times. This couple seemed to be the llifelong-googly-eyed kind of love and who knew how long they had put up with each other.

A pit of despair settled in my stomach and I couldn't understand it. I wasn't exactly on the hunt for love, or for a relationship. My last boyfriend ended in disaster and maybe Fin was right, maybe there wasn't even a future for us if he hadn't been the cheating bastard he turned out to be.

So why did I hold on to him for three years?

I didn't feel desperate, or needy or clingy.... But could those words be used to describe me if I stayed in an unhealthy relationship for that long?

And with someone as skeevy as Colton?

Back at the host stand I threw my head dramatically into the crook of my elbow and leaned down on the high podium to groan against my skin.

"Was I pathetic to stay with Colton for so long?" I winced out loud when I felt another presence looming over me.

"Nah girl, Colton's a fine piece of man. But a playa has needs, you hear? Although, you with me, and I would forever be faithful. Word?"

Oh no. Not Britte. Creep-O Steve-O.

He peered at me from under a mess of shaggy blonde hair that was supposed to be stylish but somehow managed to look frizzy and greasy at the same time. His face was be-pimpled from his love affair with mountain dew and energy drinks and his skinny little body was more starving child than muscular man. He had a smattering of freckles across the high plains of his face that would one day, one day far, far, far in the future, be one of his most attractive features, and he had lips that again, would one day be fantastic. But as of right now were pursed and provocative and just gross.

"Steve, that was meant for Britte," I whispered, too mortified to explain further.

"Mmm, I figured. But I also figured I had some sage advice for you, woman," Steve looked over me, his eyes trailing from my head to my waist, and back up; a signature move that earned him his nickname.

"Real sage," I drawled.

"You heed that now," he winked at me.

I shuddered.

"And let me offer my services yet again if you continue to feel down on yourself." His smile turned lascivious before he added, "Give me five minutes, I can make you feel the opposite of pathetic."

"Oh, god," I gasped. "You're seventeen."

"But my soul is old." He took a step forward, resting his palms on the host stand and bouncing up and down.

"Ty!" I shouted, panicked and amused all at the same time. "Ty! Stevie is hitting on me again!"

Steve took a fast step back and shot me a killing glance. I tucked in my lips to hide my

triumphant smile but when Ty came storming over immediately I couldn't stop myself from grinning.

"Steve, do you want to do dishes tonight?" Ty demanded in a voice that reminded me of a drill sergeant.

"No sir," Steve frantically shook his head.

"Do you want to scrape gum from the bottom of every table?" Ty took a menacing step forward.

"No, no sir," Steve stammered. All of these tasks were dreaded and obnoxious, but I knew it was Ty's authoritative manner that really had Steve shaking in his boots.

"Then stop harassing Ellie, or Britte or any other girl on or near this restaurant's premises. Do you understand?" Ty finished and I almost saluted.

"Yes, I understand," Steve obediently responded.

"Good, then go do a bathroom check." Ty jerked his chin in the direction of the restrooms and Steve went scurrying off to fulfill his duty.

I sighed a breath of relief and then patted Ty on the huge, steroid-esque bicep. "Thanks, officer doom."

"Why are you so much trouble tonight, Ellie?" Ty turned on me, his face still rigid planes of irritation.

"Who me?" I squeaked, so not ready to have the wrath of universal soldier teeming down on me.

"Yes, you. You're not usually the one causing problems around here," he lectured.

Before I could respond the doors opened and college-aged boys pushed their way through. They were rowdy and laughing and I immediately recognized some of the faces from around campus. I ducked my head, letting my hair fall over my shoulders. I didn't know very many guys from school. I wasn't super outgoing to begin with, but Colton had occupied my time up until now and he didn't have very many guy friends.

That should have been clue number one....

"What are you doing here?" Ty bellowed in a playful tone. What? Ty was never playful.

"Hey man."

Oh no. Oh, no no no no no.

"You here to eat? Or just dropped by because you missed my beautiful mug?" Ty laughed in a gruff way I imagined his laugh would sound like, if I had ever heard it before.

I kept my chin tucked to my chest and counted pairs of shoes so I could discretely pluck the exact number of menus I needed without having to address the males gathered around the host stand.

"Mainly I have business with your hostess," Fin announced loud enough for probably everyone in the restaurant to hear. If he was trying to get my attention, he succeeded.

Too bad I was not about to let him know that.

I felt Ty's gaze intensely on my back, but decided now was a perfect time to make sure every menu was facing the right way and all the inserts were tucked uniformly just inside the front cover. Finally a protective hand covered my shoulder and Ty gave it a squeeze. I couldn't tell if he was trying to shake me into lifting my head or what, so I chose to ignore him too.

I dropped down so I could rifle through the cabinet for a handful of after dinner mints to refill the bowl. Not that it needed refilling, but it was something. And at this moment I would take anything to occupy my time other than looking Fin in the eye or acknowledging him in any way.

I heard Fin finally say, "But we're here to eat too. It's been too long Ty. I haven't seen you at Sunday dinner in months. What gives?"

From my position on the floor I watched Ty's shoes shift uncomfortably back and forth. What in the world? Ty never got nervous, and now Fin was making him fidget? Plus, Sunday dinner? How in the world did these two know each other? There was absolutely no family resemblance, not even of the distant cousin variety. While they were both tall, dark and handsome, Fin was golden tanned skin and wild, wavy hair. Ty was mocha-toned with perfectly creamy skin and short, but obviously stick straight almost black hair. I didn't want to assume Ty's heritage, but he was in no way descended from Fin's obviously Caucasian ancestors.

"Uh, yeah, I've been working a lot," Ty explained. And while that was true I suspected there was more to his avoiding of the "Sunday dinners." "But I am planning this Sunday for sure. You grandmother has been after me. I promised her I would show."

"Awesome," Fin grunted in a way that said he was too masculine to reveal how truly happy he was with that answer.

"So four?" Ty asked, indicating the guys surrounding Fin.

I pulled myself up off the floor in time to drop the mints into the plastic dish on the edge of the host stand and grab the menus again. As much as I didn't' want to I was ready to do my duty and then hide in the kitchen for the next hour. I finally lifted my head up to meet the eyes of everyone but Fin. They were watching me carefully, obviously speculating how someone as insignificant as me caught the attention of the campus track star turned organizer of all illegal activities.

Ok, maybe that was a little unfair. He wasn't the organizer of every illegal activity. But enough of them so that my personal morality judge and jury ruled their final verdict: life in prison without parole.

"Right this way," I grabbed the menus and then turned quickly, my eyes on the table I was set on taking them to.

Fin cleared his throat from behind me.

"I'll take them, Ellie," Ty offered before I could take a step in the right direction.

What?!? How did Fin get his way with even Ty? Ty was a drill sergeant. Ty fought in Afghanistan, Iraq and Somalia and countless other places in his seventeen yearlong army career! And with a simple throat clear, he was willing to do Fin's bidding? This was not real life. I was not living real life anymore. Somehow Fin had sucked me into his alternate reality where he reigned as king while the rest of us lowly subjects were allowed to survive only if we carried out his infallible bidding.

"It's alright," I grated out. "I can take them. It is after all my job."

"Ellie," Ty intoned in the voice that brokered no argument. Gah! "I know she's a troublemaker Hunter, but if you upset her in any way I will physically hurt you."

Aw. Ty's sentiment warmed my cold, bitter heart even as I resented yet another male standing up for me. Could I not be left alone to fight my own battles?

Oh wait. When left to my own devices things like Fin Hunter happened.

"You are a traitor," I hissed as Ty awkwardly carried the menus in his big, bulky hands to one of the booths that surrounded the bar area.

"You love me," he called over his shoulder.

I had no response, in fact I was speechless. I pressed my hands against the host stand and stared down at my uneven nails with contempt.

"Hey, Ellie," Fin finally said after a few moments of silence. He leaned against his own hands, although they were positioned higher than mine on the outer ledge of the podium. When I said nothing he prompted, "Aren't you going to say hi?"

"Hi," I gritted out, finally lifting my gaze to meet his. He was clean shaven today, his jaw was smooth and unshadowed, showing of those great lips and strong jawline. Focus. "What are you doing here?"

He nodded toward where his friends sat. "Eating."

"You said you had business with me," I reminded him. "But tonight is not one of the nights I am scheduled to," before I could finish the sentence I wiggled my fingers in those annoying air quotes, "work. If you remember we worked out a Monday, Thursday schedule."

"You are right. But I forgot to get your number last night. Ridiculous oversight on my part. But I was a little distracted, so...."

I rolled my eyes. Way too obvious. How in the world did he get so many girls? "Why do we need to exchange phone numbers? We have a schedule; I'll be there when I'm supposed to. I'm very reliable. If you need me more than that you just have to work it out with me when you see me."

He stared at me, hard. His dark chocolate eyes were intense and thoughtful; the only thing softening his expression was the small quirk of his lips like he was trying to hold back whatever he wanted to say. Meanwhile electricity seemed to zip back and forth between us, charging the air. Maybe it was one sided on my part, but even his hands, as they rested just inches above mine, felt like a physical weight against my skin. There was this invisible pull, this complete awareness of everything about him and I was becoming helpless to acknowledge it. The only problem was that if I let myself recognize I felt this strength between us, what was I supposed to do with it?

"I'm sure you are very reliable," he finally said sounding sincere. "But I might need you in an emergency. Or you might need to get ahold of me." When I opened my mouth to protest he continued quickly, "Like if you get sick. Instead of having me hunt you down again, you could just text me and let me know you can't make it."

A vision of me in my rattiest sweats, my hair a matted mess, leftover puke dried in the corner of my lips and a cold sheen of sweat running down my temples while I answered the door to an irate Fin made that hypothetical situation crystal clear. He had a point, and I didn't really feel inclined to argue with him anymore.

"Ok, that's a decent enough reason." I pulled my phone from my apron and opened it to my contacts. "Give it to me." I held my thumb poised over the touchscreen keypad, ready to act.

"Here, let's just switch phones. That will be easier."

I thought over the repercussions of handing Fin my phone, but in the end relented. I could easily keep an eye on him for thirty sEconds. With the swap of phones I entered my number into his contacts list, saved it and then discretely scrolled through the rest of his contacts with a casual swipe of my thumb. So. Many. Girls.

In fact, so many girls with only first name entries. Which told me he didn't have to try very hard to earn their number and they didn't care enough to make him.

I stifled a groan and then held his phone up impatiently while he finished entering his number into my phone. "Did you come here on purpose? Or is running into you just a coincidence?"

He traded phones with me, and then shoved it into his pocket without even glancing at my entry. Either I was way too suspicious of people for no reason other than I grew up with three, pranking, cruel brothers. Or he was just used to people- read girls- doing whatever he wanted them to.

"I've known you work here since you entered my game," he said matter of factly as if all his extensive knowledge of my life should not still freak me out. "But I don't know your schedule because you haven't given it to me yet. So this was coincidence."

"Oh," I breathed, feeling silly for thinking he searched me out.

"But I can't deny that I chose this place hoping I would find you working tonight," he smiled crookedly at me, innocent and a little embarrassed.

Ok, I wasn't feeling silly anymore. I was feeling a thrill of pleasure. No, that was wrong. I was feeling a flare of panic because he was obviously stalking me and it was obnoxious if not a little scary.

"So we could exchange numbers," I hedged.

"Yep."

That was way too casual. I looked down at my phone, deciding to ignore him and went about changing Fin Hunter to Econ Tutor. I smiled a little at my inside joke.

"What did you just do?" he demanded and plucked my phone from my fingers before I could stop him. "Econ Tutor? Why don't you want my name in your phone?"

Did he sound hurt?

No, obviously not.

"I have three brothers that routinely go through my recent calls and text messages. I really don't want them finding out about any of this." I tilted my chin defiantly when something flashed in his eyes. Not anything like hurt, because then I might have felt bad. It was more like challenge, possession. And those were emotions I did not feel equipped to defuse.

"Are you.... embarrassed of knowing me?" he asked like he didn't really want the answer.

"What? No, I'm embarrassed of being in this stupid situation. Of owing you money I don't really owe you," I explained in a rushed whisper when more customers came through the door. "Now go away, you have my number and I have to get back to work."

"When are you going to finish the rest of your hours this week?" His eyes flickered intense black and then softened to that deep, melty chocolate I wanted to gaze into for hours at a time. He slid his hands forward so that his fingers were only an inch from mine, his palms tipped downward. One subtle movement from either of us and our fingertips would be touching.

"Um, it will have to be Monday," I whispered hurriedly, anxious to get him away from me. "I work the next three days here."

"You're four hours short this week," he reminded with an authoritative edge to his voice.

"Well, the only time I am not working this weekend is Sunday morning and afternoon and I have things and homework to catch up on," I hissed in reply.

"You could work for me instead of going for your Sunday run," he suggested deviously.

"How did you-" I shook my head. Of course, he knew way too much. "I'm not giving that up. You can wait till Monday. I'll put in extra hours next week. My schedule here is lighter anyway."

"You're breaking our arrangement already," he pouted, but his expression was steely, determined. He was actually concerned about this.

"Ok, I owe you a total of fourteen hours next week?" I asked and he nodded. "I'll get some of the background work done this weekend so you won't feel like we're behind and then I'll add a couple hours to my time next week. Alright?"

He thought it over for a few moments while the waiting guests stood patiently behind him. They probably assumed he was a costumer, not a bizarre stalker bargaining unfairly for more of my time.

"Alright, but I determine how many extra hours," he countered, wagging a playful finger in front of me.

I grabbed it, holding it firmly in my grip. Sounding as annoyed as I could, I pled, "Within reason."

When he didn't answer right away I tugged on his finger, as if in warning, but really there was nothing behind it. This earned another smug smile from him and he looked down at me from under his thick lashes like he withheld a secret from me, like he would concede to my demands but only because he had something else up his sleeve. I gave a soft, exasperated sigh and then realized I was still holding on to his finger.

I dropped it immediately and then turned my attention away from him to the waiting customers.

He started to walk by me with a bemused expression on his face when he stopped suddenly as if remembering why he was talking to me in the first place. "Oh, I logged you into my Facebook and Gmail account so you can multitask."

Whipping my head around to glare at him, I said, "You're awfully demanding, when I'm doing this out of the goodness of my heart."

"So bill me," he shrugged his shoulders and walked on.

I was left to force myself to smile and welcome the young couple to Bailey's when all I wanted to do was scream in frustration. And not only because he assumed I would just work constantly for him and he could just write this off as part of my unfair debt, but also because I kind of wanted to. This was really interesting to me. I liked judging people behind a wall of anonymity, I liked secretly delving into their lives and finding out pertinent pieces of information only to weigh it all against them.

I walked the couple to their table, letting them get situated before I launched into my practiced spiel. I shook my head hard and finished going over tonight's specials with the couple before I headed back to the host stand. Britte was waiting for me practically salivating at the mouth for juicy details I couldn't give her while there was even a chance Fin could overhear us.

"You're going to make me wait for this, aren't you?" she asked before I had a chance to explain.

"How did you know?"

"You have that 'not-a-chance-in-hell' expression on your face, the one I think Fin Hunter is getting really familiar with," she laughed, watching Fin's table over my shoulder.

"Why would you say that?" I demanded, bristling at her innuendo. On top of pathetic and desperate was I also somehow frigid and closed off.

"Because you have higher standards than what he's used to. As if a few nice smiles and godlike muscles were enough to get you nak*d and in his bed!"

"Exactly," my ego was soothed.

"No matter how he's staring at you," she murmured as if nice smiles and godlike muscles were all that it would take for her.

"How's he staring at me?" My breath hitched and my shoulders tensed. I couldn't turn around, I wouldn't turn around. I knew how he would be staring at me and it would only make me feel-

"Like he wants to beat his chest, throw you over his shoulder and carry you back to his cave." Britte was drooling over this, enjoying every minute of my shame and humiliation.

I wasn't exactly unaffected either. Unable to stop myself I turned around and met those nearly obsidian eyes. "What would he do to me once he got me back to his cave?" I whispered before I could stop myself.

"Ravish you until you forgot your own name.... until the only name you could remember was his as you screamed it out over and over and over-"

"Ellie go home!" Ty demanded from three feet away in his most serious voice.

Britt and I jumped and squealed.

This was not a request. This was a demand. And when I realized I was staring wide-eyed and open-mouthed at Fin, while Britte went on and on I decided I couldn't blame Ty for kicking me out. I turned around to face five very entertained diners, all waiting to be seated and my face flamed the brightest red. Oh no, had they heard everything Britte just said? And did any of them know my brothers?

Ack. This was a mess.

Still, the need to defend myself rose strong and self-righteously. So while a nonplussed Britte sat the waiting patrons, I turned on Ty, "Ty, I didn't do anything wrong!"

"Yes, but you're not closing tonight so you're the easiest to send home. Plus all of the problems seem to be originating with you, you little trouble maker. Now be gone." He was not going to be argued with and I had to admit I was kind of relieved to be able to get out of here. I definitely felt like I was in a fishbowl of weirdness tonight.

"You're going to regret this," I tisked because I couldn't help myself.

"Probably," he said absently and then he attacked. "What did Hunter want?"

"Um, nothing really. He hired me to do some.... work for him and I forgot to give him my number. It's time sensitive so he needs to be able to get ahold of me," I rambled the excuse I practiced in my head just in case one of my brothers asked me the same question. Ty clearly didn't need that much information, but the excuse came out in one, long practiced speech like I was helpless to change it up or improvise. I would need to work on that.

"He's like a son to me," Ty announced ominously.

After a long pause I finally said, "Oh, ok." I wasn't sure what he was getting at, or if that was some kind of warning.

"And you're like a daughter to me," Ty continued.

"What? No I'm not!" I laughed, because seriously.... I mean, seriously.... If this was how Ty treated children then.... seriously, hopefully he was joking. And he should never have any real ones.

"Do you get what I'm saying, Ellie? If he's like a son and you're like a daughter? That would make anything between you incestual. Which is gross." He actually shuddered. As if his messed up logic made any kind of sense.

I probably should go now. "Um, Ty, you have absolutely nothing to worry about between Fin and me. Promise. He's no more interested in me than I am in being his next conquest. Also, incestual? Really?" Now I shuddered.

"Alright, Trouble, clock out and get going," he shook his head at me and gave me a playful shrug.

I definitely had to get a handle on this whole Fin thing.

But even as I thought that I pulled out my phone while clocking out and checked his Facebook for updates on the potential gambling candidates I was following. Already the sleazy propositions were starting to come in for the evening and it wasn't even six yet!

I finished with the computer, grabbed my purse from under the host stand and gave Britte a wave before heading out to my car. I had an hour before I was supposed to meet my parents and brothers for dinner and showing up early was not an option.

As I laid my forehead against the steering wheel to my Subaru Impreza I realized three things: I had an hour to kill, access to Fin's surprisingly organized and accurate schedule and a desperate need to grapple back some control of my life in any way that I could.

Plus, he told me to multitask right?

Right.

So to Facebook I went. There was only one thing driving me crazier than this indentured servitude to Fin Hunter and it was these girls constantly messaging him! Plus I was going even more berserk, knowing that it was the girls and not the job that was making me so.... jealous.

No, not jealous.

Vindictive. Petty. And oh, so vengeful.

But not jealous. This had nothing to do with being jealous.

Chapter Six

Walking into the restaurant I avoided the main dining room and headed straight to the restroom. I changed in my car on the way from Baileys to The Freighthouse, shimmying out of my black dress pants and into a knee length, flowing pale pink skirt. I took the same tactic with the top, although I did pull behind a local bookstore before ripping off my polo and exchanging it for a creamy off-white cashmere sweater. I finished the look with my grandmother's pearls, demure but expensive flats, and enough hand sanitizer and scented lotion to drown out the smell of French fry grease and melted cheese.

Even though my outfit was barely a passing grade to my parents and I was early, they were already waiting in the middle of the dining room. I needed a few more minutes to collect myself before I faced them. Plus I wanted to check the status of my Facebook conversations, which entailed me posing as Fin in an attempt to secure some booty for later tonight, or tomorrow night or Friday morning real quick before I/he had class.

I felt evil.

And I was starting to like evil.

In the bathroom I rechecked my makeup stalling for time and then pulled out my phone, unable to bear the anticipation any longer. A sinister smile lifted my lips when I realized all three fan club ladies had responded positively to "Fin's" proposal. Albeit they were clearly shocked with his enthusiasm and willingness to comply, which kind of niggled against the inside of my chest. With the constant bombardment of enticing offers, I assumed he would be a regular yes-man to these never-say-no-women. But apparently.... he wasn't. At least not with this particular crop of propositions.

At the same time I felt this out of place pride, I felt a careening spiral of guilt too. Was I being mean to these girls by setting them up with Fin when he could as easily turn on them as he did me the first time I met him? Or was it even possible, I felt guilty for messing with him?

Nope, that could not be it.

Look at how he was controlling my life!

This was merely payback.

Miniscule, but well-deserved payback.

Besides, he was after all a man. Surely, a man with needs. Gack. Shudder. Eye-roll. He would probably start thanking me. Maybe even let me get out of this whole debt completely.

By becoming his pimp of sorts? See, I knew it. This whole thing was about prostitution!

Besides, I was practically a stranger to him. Why in the world was he trusting me with his Facebook account? Weren't these things supposed to be sacred or something?

Ok, enough obsessing over Fin. Seriously, enough.

I washed my hands for good measure and then found my way back to the dining room and large table where the rest of my family waited. The Freighthouse boasted the best steak in La Crosse, and rightfully so. But the decor left a little something to be desired. Everything was wood-paneled. Like, everything. The walls, the extensive bar, the floor, the ceiling, even the tables and chairs were in the same monotone rich wood color. It was a lot to take in.

We ate here whenever my parents came to visit us. They were satisfied with the food, and my brothers could put away semi-trucks full of all you can eat red meat, so they were also happy to eat here. I felt like this was what the inside of a crate felt like. It was not natural to be surrounded by this much.... paneling.

"Eleanor!" my mother cried, teary-eyed and emotional. She pulled me to her as soon as I was in grabbing-distance.

"Hi, Mom," I said into her shoulder. My mother was tall for a woman, but not freakishly so. She had my light-brown colored hair that she kept short, refined and contained. Mine was admittedly wilder, and it had been at least a year since I dealt with any upkeep. Her eyes were hazel, while mine were my father's blue. She was athletically built but had somehow grown more elegant with each year. While I was tiny and clumsy and.... me. She was a force of nature, head of every committee, staple of the community, model citizen. I invited criminals to live with me and then paid off the debt they originally stole from me.

"You're gorgeous as ever," she whispered into my hair. Even while I knew she really meant I was sloppy, unkempt and too thin.

"Thanks," I mumbled and then wiggled out of her hug. I went to my dad next, who had his arms already opened and ready. "Hi, Daddy."

"Come here, kiddo," he said affectionately. He squeezed me extra tight and then literally deposited me into Lennox's arms.

"Els, you're late," Lennox's huge, muscly arms clutched me in a bear hug and instead of standing up for myself all I could do was grunt out some kind of concession as all the air left my lungs. "Miss me?"

"So much," I wheezed sarcastically when he set me down again.

"I brought you something," he smirked. From behind his back he pulled out a stylish bottle of some kind of alcohol. I had no chance of being able to read the label as it was in another language, and I had almost no experience with alcohol, but from the shape of the bottle and the wicked gleam in Lennox's eyes it didn't take a genius to figure out.

"What is it?" I laughed, knowing I would probably never drink it. He held it out to me and I reached for it, admiring the elegant characters and raised detailing on the label. I carried it over to my seat, in between Beckett and Grayson, and sat down while still trying to make out the label.

"Sake," he answered. "It's a Japanese rice wine; you're going to love it."

"Lennox!" my mother gasped. "She's not even old enough for that yet."

"Soon though. Right, Els?" Grayson asked in his gruff voice. He was so burly. Maybe not burly, but he radiated testosterone and manliness. If my brothers were their own mob, he was the muscle. He put a meaty hand around the back of my chair, tapping his fingers so that it felt like my entire body was vibrating. I shot him a nasty look but he just smirked in return, knowing he was being obnoxious.

"One month," I squeaked, kind of embarrassed that my brothers were counting down the days until I could be legally intoxicated.

"Oh, life just goes by so fast," my mother was teary-eyed again. "My baby is going to be twenty-one."

I blushed deeper.

"It's hard to believe, isn't it Cec?" My dad asked my mom. They reached for each other's hands on the table, squeezing tightly and gazing at me tenderly. They were an attractive couple, with my mom's perfect grace and my dad's easy going smile. His hair was a little more salt and pepper than the last time I'd seen him, but it only enhanced his looks. His eyes had deep laugh lines fanning out, and his trim look proved how well he took care of himself.

"Oh, our little Eleanor is growing up," Beckett cooed in an annoyingly high pitched voice. I turned to roll my eyes at him and he grabbed both of my cheeks tightly, pinching them until my eyes watered.

"Beckett!" I gritted out through puckered lips. "Let go!" I shoved at his chest and finally he let go with a laugh. I rubbed at my sore skin, completely and irreversibly tomato-red.

"Thanks for the wine, Nox. I'll save it for something special."

"Like your birthday," he intoned, sounding more like a parent than a brother. "That's why I bought it Els. I'll be offended if you don't at least try it. I made a special trip to Tokyo and everything."

"I'm sure that was just torture," I shook my head at Lennox. That was how he was, everything he did was usually for selfish reasons, but he had this talent for making you feel like he sacrificed everything for you. He just shook his head at me, that same indulgent grin twisting the corners of his mouth. "Thank you, seriously. And I will try it. Right now, it's the only definite plan I have for my birthday."

"What?" Beckett demanded. "That cannot be possible! Aren't your friends going to take you out? Help you celebrate? Force shot after shot down your throat until you puke all over yourself and pass out on some filthy bathroom floor?"

I shot him a fast glance to see if he was serious, "Um," I looked back at my parents, waiting for them to jump in with lectures on all things moral high ground, but they were just laughing at him. He was so spoiled! I shot him another glare, "Um, no. Britte's younger than me and I'm not making plans with Colton."

"Yeah, no kidding," Grayson growled.

"Britte's younger than you? She's younger than you?" Beckett half shouted. That was a bizarre response.

"Yes," I replied before he continued to get louder.

"Since when?" he demanded. He looked a little panicked. Beckett was the laid back, take everything in stride type. He played ball well and hard and gave his little athlete's one hundred and ten percent. But the rest of Beckett was.... shallow. He never got upset unless it had to do with me and a boy, or me and some injustice done to me, or me and.... anything. But even Lennox and Grayson couldn't cajole him into a fight with them. He just smiled and laughed at them whenever they tried. Eventually they gave up and turned their brotherly bonding of teaming up against little brother into a serious competition between the oldest two. But now Beckett looked more than riled up.... He looked panicked.

"Since, always. What is with you?" I whispered in an attempt to settle him down.

Beckett ran a rough hand through his hair and glared down at me. "First of all, I was counting on her to take you out and show you a good time. Some friend she makes. SEcond of all, I know I've seen her at parties around campus, getting lit up and going home with randoms. She's obviously a bad influence."

"Ok, you just said you wanted her to take me out? And now she's a bad influence for going to a few parties?" This was really confusing.

"Britte's a party girl?" My mom asked, sounding subtly out-raged. "But she seems like such a nice girl, with a good head on her shoulders."

"Doesn't she want to be a surgeon?" My father asked dumbfounded.

"Gah!" I growled in frustration. And then I mimicked Beckett's misplaced outrage, "First of all, mom and dad, Britte is a good girl. Beckett's out of his mind for painting this picture of her. She's been to a few parties, but she is by no means a party girl. School comes first for her, always. Even over our friendship. Trust me. And sEcond, Beckett have you lost your damn mind?"

I swung around to face him, letting him feel the full force of my anger when the entire table fell silent.

"Cursing? At the dinner table? Eleanor," my mother chastised.

Oh no.

How had I let that slip out??

"Sorry," I mumbled and then dived for my water. Damn- the table-silencing mother of all curse words. Someone pull out the bar of soap.

Luckily the waitress stopped by at that moment and began taking our orders. I hadn't yet looked at the menu, so while everyone gave theirs I glanced at the dinner specials, picked out the first chicken dish listed- just to be contrary- and then pretended I had been ready the entire time.

After the waitress collected our dinner orders and a few more drink orders from, well, everybody but me, Beckett squeezed my knee under the table. I waited until Lennox started telling stories about his trip to China before I acknowledged Beckett.

"What?" I whispered harshly.

"You've never cussed in front of Cecelia and Drake before," he whispered back as if I didn't know. He loved using my mom and dad's first names, as if he were too cool for parents. They let him, because he was disgustingly spoiled.

"Give me a break; you say worse stuff all the time."

"Yeah, I do. But they already know I'm a screw-up. You're their perfect daughter, valedictorian, track star, accomplished artist. You're not supposed to say bad words."

"Oh please, that's such a double standard," I growled. "And I was not valedictorian! I was salutatorian. That's like sEcond place. That's like losing."

Beckett snorted loudly at that.

My mom shot us a dirty look in the middle of Lennox laughing through the punch line of one of his stories. I plastered on a smile and turned away from Beckett so I could pay attention better.

"Bad words now, Els, really?" Grayson started in as soon as I was facing his direction. "What exactly has gotten into you?"

"Are you kidding me right now?" I hissed.

"This is about Hunter, isn't it?" Beckett accused, back in my ear again.

"Oh no," I muttered, shaking my head in defeat.

"Are the rumors true, Els?" Grayson demanded. "Are you dating him?"

"What?" I squeaked.

"That's what everyone's saying," Beckett actually sounded disappointed in me. Beckett was disappointed in me!

"That I'm dating Fin?"

"Oh so you are dating him, huh?" Grayson sounded murderous.

"Stop it, both of you-"

"I will kill him, Ellie," Beckett's rage was escalating too. They were like rabid wild animals on the scent of a new and unaware prey. "If he's laid a finger on you, just one, slimy, degenerate finger on you, I will kill him."

"Oh, my gosh." This was getting out of hand.

"Has he forced you to do anything you're not comfortable with? You can be honest. We won't hurt you." Grayson's voice dropped to that deadly octave that only dangerous males could make convincing. The one that created mental images of baseball bats and bloody knees.

"Stop it, seriously!" I hissed at them. Which in turn grabbed the attention of my parents and Lennox too, mid-punch line even. That was kind of an accomplishment. "I'm not dating Fin."

"Then what are you doing with him!" Beckett half-shouted, completely enraged at this point. Again.

"Nothing!" I shrieked in a pitch I was sure only dogs could hear. "I'm not doing anything with Fin. We are not together in any capacity. Stop being jackasses. Both of you!"

"Geez, Els," Grayson muttered, as if put out. "You don't have to yell at us."

I dropped my head into my hands. The food wasn't even here yet.

Beckett had the same hurt tone to his voice, the same stiff back, like I just attacked them. "Yeah, Ellie, we're just worried. Hunter is an epic level douche, with which one does not convert or contain. I just don't want to see you hurt again."

"Or with another user," Grayson put in and I started softening for them both.

Dang it. They always did this to me!

I took a big breath, exhaled slowly and then fought for patience. "I know. Thanks guys. I really do

appreciate it. But you have to trust me. Colton was a.... fluke. A bad judgment on my part. Going forward you have nothing to worry about!" I plastered on a fake smile that none of my family believed.

"Did you say Fin Hunter?" Lennox growled from across the table, clearly not only familiar with the name but the reputation too.

Oh boy.

"Forget it, Lennox," I shot him the evil eye and hoped he would back off before this got any worse. "I don't want to talk about it anymore. Just drop it."

He gave a huff of dissatisfaction and crossed his arms across his chest in a move that said: this is so not over.

"Kiddo?" My dad asked in his deep, baritone voice that instantly soothed me. "Are you alright? You've been on edge since you sat down. Is something wrong?"

"Nope." Everything. Everything is wrong.

"You're stressed, sweetheart, we can all see it," my mother pounced. "It's probably all your money problems, am I right? Let us help you out! Just your rent, or tuition, or both. You're studying so hard, and working, you're probably exhausted. We could help take some of that strain away."

More fake smiling. The food would be here any minute. I just needed to persevere. This was like a marathon... I could pace myself. I could get through this.

I cleared my throat and said, "No thanks, mom. I'm fine, really."

"I heard your roommate moved out," Grayson announced slyly as if he was just waiting for the right opportunity to slip that in. I was going to kill him.

"Yes, she did," I admitted.

"Oh no, honey," my mom cooed. "She didn't leave you in the lurch did she?"

Only because she took the majority of my furniture. And hadn't paid rent in three months. And left a huge, impossible debt in my name that I will never be able to pay back.

"No, we both agreed that it was time." Liar, liar pants on fire.

Beckett grunted next to me. "She was a shit roommate anyway."

"So true," I sighed.

"Language," my father reprimanded.

"So what are you going to do?" my mom asked. "You can't afford that place on your own unless you work more. You're not thinking about dropping out are you? Don't drop out. Whatever you do, don't drop out!" Like I had even hinted at the idea! Good grief, mom.... "Eleanor, please stop torturing yourself. Let us help out. You need us. And we want to help!"

"I'm not dropping out of school!" Although I would drop out before I took their money. Not that it was dirty, or I was in some way mistreated by them. But if I didn't take control of my own life now, I never would. These people, even though they acted out of love and concern, or something vaguely resembling it, would happily let me stifle and shrivel until there was nothing left of me- all in the name of protecting me or worrying about me. I couldn't breathe under their overprotection. I couldn't live. "I will be fine. I'm just a little stressed, it's no big deal."

"All for nothing. We could take that all away," my mom mumbled, looking more put out than ever.

"At least let me help you with rent until you're back on your feet," Lennox offered magnanimously. "Just let me pay your roommate's share of the rent until you find a new one."

"Actually, she hasn't paid the last two month's rent, so I've been covering her share all by myself," I replied proudly. Despite the fact that my diet had dwindled to cardboard noodle packs and cheap hot dogs that were surely going to give me cancer. And.... I paid for the last three gallons of gas for my car in pocket change and a dollar I found on the floor in the vending machine room of Britte's dorm, still I was making it. Which was something I could be proud of if I ignored the seven thousand dollar debt hanging like a guillotine over my neck.

Well, I was proud until the collective gasp at the table made me feel like the biggest sucker for putting up with Tara the Terrorist for as long as I did.

"Two months?" my dad echoed. "No wonder you kicked her out!"

"Yep," I suddenly couldn't look anyone in the eye.

"Way to stand up for yourself, Els!" Lennox praised proudly.

Oh gosh.

"Huh, I heard that she checked into re-" I kicked Beckett's shin under the table and shot him the evil eye. He, of course, returned the dirty look but at least he finished with "Re-max. I heard she wanted to buy a house from Re-max."

Clever idiot.

"I had not heard that rumor," I mumbled truthfully. "But you're the one with your ear to the ground."

"So where's she going to stay until then?" My dad asked, looking as well as sounding confused.

"I have no idea," another truthful answer. "But she's not my problem anymore." Not exactly the truth. Not only was she my problem, her problems were my problems.

"Oh, honey, you did the right thing," my mother offered.

To that I snorted before I could stop myself. When she gave me a questioning look I mumbled, a very unconvincing, "I just feel bad."

"You know kiddo, mom and I would be happy to cover her side of the rent so you don't have to find another roommate. We could also keep you from feeling strapped." My dad's deep blue eyes sparkled sincerely from across the table.

They meant well, I knew they meant well. It was just.... too much. Kids couldn't wait for college for a myriad of reasons, most were to get away from their parents. And I was no exception. But it wasn't like I had these terrible parents. They were just.... overwhelming. And before I was even halfway through high school I was suffocating under their strict, heavy-handed rule. Throw in my three guard-dog brothers and there was nothing left of me. Of me. When I graduated high school I was lost. I had no idea who I was, what I wanted in life or what I was going to do to get myself under my own control. Fast forward two years and I still didn't know. But I was better, I was breathing and I was learning.

Accepting their money would be accepting that life I struggled so hard to shed. I couldn't do it. And I couldn't ask for help with Fin. This was my life, these were my problems. If I had any hope in hell of figuring out who I was and what I wanted out of life it started now, it started with these things.

"Thank you, really," I gave them a sincere, adoring smile that I actually felt. "I don't need it though. I'm going to get another roommate before the end of this month and I already picked up a sEcond job with flexible hours that is paying great." It's also not paying me in cash, just erasing a debt I shouldn't owe in the first place. But those were small, minute details. When my mom opened her mouth to object to the idea of me working more I quickly cut in, "Actually the work load is really easy and I can do a lot of it throughout the day so I'm not cutting into study time. Plus my boss is really understanding when things come up. If I need time off, he will give it to me."

"Where is it?" Grayson asked, his eyes narrowed suspiciously.

"What?" Not the cleverest response.

"Where's the job?" Grayson demanded.

"Why?" I sputtered, not at all liking the angry glint in Grayson's eyes.

"I think what he's trying to ask, Els, is what is the job?" Lennox asked from across the table, his arms still folded, his biceps bulging and straining.

"Yes, honey, what is the job?" My mom asked, still sounding concerned.

I felt the color drain from my face and my hands start to tremble under the table. I was in no way prepared to lie to my family about this. I didn't even have a good lie to deliver. And while I stared back at all their intensely concerned faces my brain struggled relentlessly to come up with an excuse that would both check out and not require them to actually check up on me!

Which meant I was so screwed.

Beckett jumped into my rescue, "What they want to know is if you're stripping for your education?" I gave him a blank look to both appear innocent and buy myself a little more time. Was that our waitress carrying a huge tray of food our way? "Did you resort to becoming a stripper, Ellie? To pay for school? No job is as easy as you described and pays well, so give up the details. What's going on?"

Saved by the waitress. And lots and lots of food.

Silence reigned as she deposited plates in front of us and gave last minute instructions. This was followed up by grunts of satisfaction from the men and an "Mmm-yummy" from my mom. I cut deep into my chicken.... whatever I was having and stuffed the steaming hot piece of poultry into my mouth before I was required to answer the question.

Also, was stripping technically prostitution? Because if so.... I probably didn't need to repeat myself, to myself.

"It's not stripping," I mumbled through my food, rude as it may be. "Do you all really think I would do something like that?"

This was met with a chorus of, "Of course not!" or, "We're just worried about you, that's all."

I rolled my eyes. "I'm so not brave enough to take my clothes off.... on stage. I would bolt the minute I was reduced to pasties and a g-string. Besides my boobs are way too small to bring home any money and don't even get me started on the kind of grooming it would take to get camera ready so to speak."

The table fell into another one of those stunned silences, but this one was well orchestrated on my part. My father actually dropped his fork, sending sauce splattering. My mother's face turned purple, but not nearly as purple as my brothers. Ha! Take that, suckas! When in a pinch with my brothers, always bring up girl problems. My go to was my period but small boobs and waxing worked equally as well.

"I'm going to use the lady's room." I announced demurely. "If the waitress comes back, could someone get me more water? Thanks!"

And then I slipped away, forcing myself to walk casually until I was out of sight. Then I practically sprinted to the bathroom, unable to stop the evil grin from twisting my mouth. They deserved that! And it kind of felt good to dish something out, instead of just taking it all night.

I pulled my phone out of my pocket and noticed two missing text messages from Fin and three notifications on his Facebook account that was still live on my phone. I clicked to his Facebook first, anxious to see if any developments were being made on the message-front.

Two notifications were tagged pictures of him with some of his track teammates goofing around at their last meet. But one was a message from the girl that was supposed to show up at his apartment tonight. She sent a consolatory message since Fin was "sick" tonight. She felt awful about his "sudden" and "violent" food poisoning and assured him if he needed "anything" she was more than willing to provide it.

Uh, oh, I hoped he didn't get food poisoning from Baileys!

Ha!

I so wished I could have been there when Ms.-I'm-a-Sure-Thing showed up at Fin's tonight. Ah, well. There would always be the unlikely chance he would vent about it at our next scheduled indentured-servitude-gathering. More than likely Cassie would message again and then I would get a sEcond chance at this.

Just for good measure I clicked on her profile. She was definitely gorgeous and not nearly as skanky as the girls that usually hung around Beckett. She was also a senior, so she had probably known Fin for a while.

I had to wonder why he shot her down....

Maybe, besides all rumors, evidence and lack of pictures in his apartment, he had a girlfriend?

Except then why was he pushing so hard with me? I was the kind of situation that would piss of any kind of girl.

A girl that owes your boyfriend gobs of money and has to do whatever he says until the debt is paid? A girl he is practically stalking and most definitely harassing and possibly even flirting with? Yep, sounds like a trip straight to couples counseling.

So what gave then? Why had Fin taken himself off the market?

I would investigate this. Soon.

Right now, I had to make sure his morning quickie was still on for tomorrow.

Once I decided he hadn't actually been on his account in probably two days or more, I felt a little more relaxed.

And brave enough to check his texts.

Why did you leave work early? Was Ty mean to you? I can beat him up if you want me to. Although... he would probably kick my ass. But still, just say the word. Nobody messes with my slave.

I laughed out loud at that. And then I looked around quickly, not wanting to be caught laughing at his jokes. He sent that shortly after I got here. The sEcond message was sent just ten minutes ago.

Usually when I text a girl, I have to turn off my ringer because she won't stop texting me back... You should text me back so my self-esteem doesn't start to suffer....

I tried really, really hard to stop smiling at that, but it was a useless effort. With a quick click of a button, I turned the screen of my phone off and decided it was probably a good idea to let his self-esteem marinate, especially after he just had a pretty co-ed banging down his door to give him whatever he "needed." Obviously, it was for the good of humanity that I let him wait this one out.

I eventually returned to my now cold meal and settled into the remaining minutes of the family dinner. My parents were headed back home tonight, and Lennox to his apartment halfway in between. We kissed and hugged and promised to miss each other in the parking lot and then off they went. I wouldn't see my mom and dad again until I went home for spring break in three weeks. Which was fine with me.

They however, weren't as accepting of the idea, begging me to come home this weekend and when I declined because I had to work, they tried to shove cash into my hand.

I eventually let them. My dad only had sixty dollars to give tonight and I was seriously starting to worry about my cholesterol after the sheer amount of cheap food I'd been consuming. Maybe I would buy some fruit. Some.... canned fruit. Plus I could see my brother's eying me like vultures waiting for their prey to die and I didn't want to stick around this parking lot longer than I had to.

When my parents were waving goodbye from the street I turned to sprint to my car, but Lennox intercepted me with his arms crossed again.

"Ellie, we want to talk to you," Lennox said.

Beckett and Grayson closed ranks behind me so I was effectively trapped. Oh gosh. "About what?" I asked innocently.

"First, your roommate leaves. And there are definite rumors about some kind of addiction. Now there's talk of you and Hunter spending extended amount of time together," Beckett explained, his gray eyes cold and dangerous.

I held up my hands in a sign of surrender, deciding if I acted like this was a big admission on my part, they might actually believe me. "My roommate did leave. And I can't say her reasons for sure, plus it's not my place. All I know is that she's gone and I'm happy for it. You guys decided it was a good thing she's gone, too. Remember? And fine, Fin and I have a project we are working on. I saw him twice yesterday, on campus. We talked about the project and that's it. So stop bothering me about him. We are in no way dating. I'm not interested in him at all. And that's the end of the story."

I let out an aggravated sigh, while they stared at me with their narrowed, scrutinizing eyes. SEconds ticked by while they collectively decided whether to believe me or not. The thing was, it was mostly the truth, but my brothers were born with a strong sense of distrust when it came to everything about me. Not that they didn't trust me, just that they didn't trust anyone else when it concerned me. I could kill Colton right now for bringing me back into their overprotectiveness.

"We will find out if you're lying," Grayson growled.

"Gray," I pleaded, in my sweetest voice. "Why would I lie about that? If I was dating Fin, don't you think I would believe he could take care of himself?" Mostly that was a lie. In no way did I think any male alive could hold his own against these three.

They all three grunted in response. I should probably tell them how tough and strong I thought they were, but I was their sister.... I wasn't supposed to build them up. It was my job in life to dish out as much as I took.

"Besides," I continued soothingly. "You were all on your best behavior with Colton. It's not like I'm scared to bring a guy home." I was totally scared to bring another guy home. And they were in no way on their best behavior.

"Only because he was a tool," Lennox stated matter-of-factly. "And we weren't really on our best behavior, we just allowed him to live because we all knew it wouldn't last with you two."

Before I could ask any questions about that, Grayson continued, "But you still let that go on way longer than it should. And you got hurt in the end. Ellie, we won't make that mistake again. You better choose your next boyfriend carefully."

The three of them nodded their heads in unison and then Lennox added, "And it better not be Hunter."

Time to defuse this unnecessary tension. I went up on my toes and gave Lennox a quick kiss on the cheek. I felt his shoulders relax and then he pulled me into an affectionate hug. Next was Grayson and I didn't even wheeze when he squeezed me too tight. Finally Becket, although we just did the side hug thing. We were too close in age to be overly demonstrative.

"Thanks, guys," I finished sincerely. "I know you're looking out for me. I appreciate it."

They finally let me go then, all waiting until I was in my Subaru, with the doors locked and the engine running. The tank read below empty, a dangerous place for the red needle to be. Thankfully dad had pitched in for the tank and I wouldn't be surviving on fumes for the next week.

But it was the only time I would let him give me money again. Nights like tonight could not continue to happen otherwise I would lose my mind.

Chapter Seven

A cold mist still settled over the track, as I stretched out on the red, gravelly ground. Britte and I tried to run together three times a week. We were vigilantly fighting the extra pounds that came packaged with the first years of college, plus trying to stay in shape. In high school, I did well in track, running the mile, the two mile and a few hurdle relays. Britte had been some kind of volleyball super star. We both missed the regular routine of athletics, but it was hard to find time with our heavy schedules.

We used to run in the evenings on days we didn't have to work, but now with Fin demanding much of my time, we switched our schedule to the morning. The early morning. I wasn't even sure if my legs would work this early. I felt stiff and sluggish, but I stretched out anyway, preparing to at least trip around the track until I hit a mile. Usually Britte and I strode for three, but we decided to take it easy this morning and see if we could finish one mile without either taking a nap or causing accidental but serious bodily harm.

"How did the fam dinner go the other night?" Britte asked through a yawn.

"Fine," I yawned back. What sucked the most was that we couldn't even have coffee before this. Well, we could have, but probably that wouldn't be wise.

"Fine?" she asked, unbelieving.

"Ask me again in two hours when I can remember it." I stood up and then bent down to touch my toes. This felt kind of comfortable so I stood there hanging for thirty sEconds longer than I needed to.

"Did you tell them about Tara the twa-"

"B! Cuss jar!" Gah. There was nothing I hated more than bad words for girly parts.

"Sorry," she laughed.

"Well, they found out. But it was Beckett that told them, not me. Stupid brothers. I cannot figure out how I got sucked back into a world where my family is everywhere! I must have been out of my mind to transfer."

"Hey, you still have me! And you would not have had me if you wouldn't have transferred. The good outweighs the bad here, Els," she admonished, looking a little hurt.

"You're right," I sighed. "I do have you. And a rumored relationship with Fin."

"What?" She gasped while doing some high knees and then some calf stretches.

"They are convinced I'm dating Fin. Apparently there are some rumors around campus that have us together, acting like a couple."

"Are the rumors true?" Britte asked with a knowing look.

"We've been together twice on campus, Britte. And you were there for one of those times, so you tell me." Ugh, I hated that these rumors might not be unfounded. He did kiss my neck in front of a lot of people the other day.

"I was there when he kissed you, and when he visited you at your place of work. I think he's into you, Ellie. Your brothers might actually have something to worry about," she smirked at me, and then waggled her eyebrows.

"Whatever," I laughed. "Don't forget I owe him a ton of money! He's just micromanaging his investment. Plus, I'm not his type."

Britte started off in a slow jog and I followed suit. We both hated to talk while we ran; we believed if we weren't out of breath than obviously we weren't trying hard enough. But this conversation needed to be wrapped up.

"What makes you say that?" Britte asked in a tone that made me feel stupid for thinking I wasn't every single guy's type on the entire planet. She was such a good friend.

"I have full access to his Facebook account, I see the girls that message him all the time. They're fan-club girls. And I lack the va-va-va-voom to even be considered for membership. As much as Beckett can't stand Fin, they do share the same type." I hated how desperately pathetic my voice sounded.

Britte didn't seem to notice though, "Beckett has terrible taste in girls. What is his problem?" She sounded so worked up about it I raised my eyebrows at her, but she just waved me on and picked up the pace.

Soon my leg muscles were burning and my abs stretched tight. Sweat dripped down from my temples and the back of my neck and my arms pumped with the will to finish out our workout. We eventually woke up and were able to push ourselves past one mile, and then two and we were closing in on the third and final. The only sound between us was heavy breathing and the slap of our feet against the track.

The morning was still frigidly cold, and my lungs burned with every breath. But it all felt good and necessary. There wasn't much I loved more than losing myself in a strong run. The concentrated effort but how my mind could just drift at the same time, the way every muscle burned and stretched with each step forward, the way my arms pumped at my sides and the slick feeling of sweat as it coated my body. This was a good feeling, a feeling necessary for my happiness.

By the time we slowed our pace to a cool-down jog, the track was filling up with other students. It stayed busy during the days and evenings in the spring and summer months when the weather permitted the use of outdoors. I knew Beckett would be out here this morning, since he made running the track a regular morning routine.

Britte and I finally crossed our finish line at the exact same time and then immediately broke out into more stretching. We were both still panting, wiping sweat from our eyes and neck with the bottoms of our t-shirt. We brought water bottles, but they were sitting over with our things on the bleachers and neither one of us was ready to make that walk.

"Don't look now," Britte panted out. "But your fake boyfriend is here."

"What?" I asked in a breathy puff of air. Not able to help myself I followed her chin nod and looked over my shoulder while strategically stretching my arm. "Oh no," I sighed when I caught Fin's gaze from twenty feet away. "Is it just me or is he everywhere now?"

"Maybe," she said slowly. "But technically I think this time we are in his space."

I grunted, hating that she was right. I took a few moments to admire Fin from this distance. His hair was tussled and a little wild from sleep, his eyes were still tired-looking, but heavy lidded and sexy as hell. He was wearing a long sleeved Under Armor shirt and running shorts. His well-muscled but slender legs were tanned and perfectly shaped from knee to ankle. Ugh, he was gorgeous. Fin's lips slowly curved into a smile as if he was just realizing we were in his space too and that I was ogling him. I waved my outstretched hand at him in a goofy wave and then turned around so I could stretch my other arm. Also so I would stop staring at him before I started drooling.

"Well, let's get out of here," I whispered. "Beckett runs in the mornings too and I don't want to run into him while Fin is just over there."

"Not just over there anymore," Britte grinned.

"Ellie," Fin called out from behind me in greeting.

"Fin," I mumbled into my stretch.

"Just finish a run?" Fin asked with a gruff morning voice.

"Yep," I answered, sticking to the one syllable words.

"I thought you usually ran in the evenings?" Fin pressed, coming to a stop next to me. He was flanked by two of his friends, guys I recognized from the restaurant the other night.

"Oh my gosh, stop stalking me!" I cried with real exasperation.

Britte broke into laughter behind me.

"I don't think we've had a chance to meet," Fin addressed Britte with a charming smile. She stopped laughing and grinned back. Traitor.

"Britte Nichols," she reached out her hand and shook Fin's with mock professionalism. "Ellie's bff."

"Nice to meet you, Britte Nichols. This is Jameson McKay and Charlie Ryan."

"We are Fin's bff's," Charlie, who was taller than even Fin and had even unrulier, wild light brown hair, smiled. He was extremely tanned, and well built. I knew he ran track with Fin, just from the t-shirt advertising the win at Regionals last year. If I had to guess, I thought maybe a jumper? His legs were insanely toned under his athletic shorts, and he was so freakishly tall. He wasn't as hot as Fin, but he was still good looking. His best feature had to be his eyes, a light mossy color of green with a dark rim of black around the edges.

"Good for you," Britte laughed lightly. She was flirting. And I didn't really blame her.

"We've seen you a lot recently but we haven't met you either, Ellie," Jameson reached out his hand to me. He was about Fin's height, lighter skinned with reddish brown hair. His eyes a startling blue, his physique just as toned as his friends. Even though his skin color was pale, it was clear and nice. His cheeks were reddened just a little bit from the wind and the look was overwhelmingly attractive on him.

I stuck out my hand, letting him shake it, but I didn't really know what to say. It wasn't exactly nice to meet them. They came prepackaged with Fin, and somehow acknowledging them as friends made me feel like I would never get rid of Fin.

Noticing my standoffish attitude, Charlie jumped in with, "We're obviously the better half of Hunter though. We promise we don't usually stalk females like criminals."

"Usually?" I asked, reluctantly letting go of a small smile.

"Well, we did help him with you," Charlie admitted and I lost my smile immediately.

"He's lying!" Fin cut in, shooting Charlie a scathing glare. "Don't be a prick."

This got snickers out of Jameson, Charlie and for some reason Britte. But Charlie held his hands up in surrender.

"I'm just messing with you," Charlie laughed. "And him." he jerked his thumb at Fin.

"So what year are you?" Jameson asked Britte which launched them into the five-standard get to know you questions of college students across the world. There was a universal conversation that happened between all single college-aged students: What's your name? What's year are you? What's your major? What do you want to do with that? How can I get you back to my place? How much alcohol will it take to get you nak*d? Or something along those lines... It might have different faces, but essentially every get to know you game was the same.

While Charlie, Britte and Jameson launched into a round of that, Fin tugged my arm so that we were back away from the group a little bit.

"You still haven't texted me back," he whispered in an unpleased voice. "Did you give me a fake number?"

A snort of laughter came forward before I could stop myself. I hadn't guessed he would assume that. "No, I got your texts."

"Oh," he sounded put out, almost like he hoped I had given him the wrong number. "So, you just weren't going to get back to me?"

"I was," I assured him and then with a teasing voice I said, "eventually."

Fin's head snapped toward me so that his gaze raked over me. So cocky, so self-assured, he had no idea what to do with a girl that was not interested in him.

"I don't know what to do with you," he finally admitted in a soft, bewildered voice.

Before I could think of anything snarky to say Beckett walked through the tall chain link gate on the far side of the track. He was a ways away and if I wasn't his sister I probably wouldn't have been able to recognize him from this distance. But because I could, and then see that he already spotted us and was walking our way I knew I had to extract myself from this company right away.

"Well, let me know when you figure that out," I said quickly to Fin. He scowled at me, again not expecting me to dismiss him so easily. I ignored the small pang of disappointment I felt because we wouldn't get to continue this banter. Grabbing Britte's arm I yanked her toward where we stashed our stuff on the bleachers. "We've got to go!" I called back over my shoulder. "See and talk to you Monday Fin."

That was my warning. He better heed.

"What is wrong with you?" Britte whispered harshly.

"Beckett," I replied, that one word causing her to sober immediately. She tensed under my grip, and picked up her pace.

She didn't even turn to wave to Fin and his friends behind us. She just dutifully picked up her things and marched along beside me as we went to face my brother. I could feel her body continuing to stiffen next to me and I had to wonder why she was as nervous as I was. She believed all of my brothers were hot, as did the majority of females that came into contact with them, but this was a little absurd for Britte. She was usually laid-back enough to not let her nerves get in the way.

"Are you Ok?" I asked in a whisper just before we reached Beckett.

"Probably not," she admitted. "But you will be, you didn't even look suspicious with Fin, so don't let him guilt you into feeling bad."

"Thanks."

"Morning, E," Beckett called out. "Changed your running schedule?"

Seriously? Was nothing I did private?

"Yep," I answered easily.

"I caught you talking to Fin again," he stated simply. His eyes were heating with some angry emotion and I was just waiting for the fall out.

"Yep," I echoed. Short and sweet. It seemed to work with Fin.

"Does your project include working out together?" his expression was sharp and accusing. "And you," he swung on Britte. "Were those guys bothering you?"

"B-bothering me?" she sputtered. Britte, one of the most poised and well-spoken people I had ever known sputtered! What was happening?

"Yes," Beckett snapped. His attention was completely off me now and centered wholly on my friend. "Were they bothering you?" Each of his words were precisely clipped as if he were barely restraining his temper.

"Becks, what is wrong with you?" It was one thing to overprotect me. It was another thing entirely to give Britte a hard time.

He ignored me, of course. "You're my sister's best friend." He was stating obvious facts, but his tone and locked jaw made it seem more like an allegation.

"Yes, I am," she found her nerve again, talking to Beckett like he was a small child.

Beckett narrowed his eyes further, seeming to catch on as well. "You should be a better influence. She shouldn't be hanging around with Hunter, any more than you should be partying and-"

"Oh, lord," I cut in, realizing this was all my fault. "We're going now!" I spoke over Beckett and started dragging Britte along with me. "I'm so, so, so sorry B! I have no idea why he is acting so crazy!"

She allowed me to pull her along again, but cast a glaring look over her shoulder at Beckett, who at least hadn't followed us.

"He thinks I'm a bad influence on you?" she asked with more outrage than I expected, which was a lot to begin with. "He doesn't know the half of it!" She suddenly yelled in a very loud voice, with her head still turned back towards my brother, "Come on Ellie! Let's go get sloshed! I need a drink so bad right now!"

"Oh my gosh," I mumbled. "We are never running in the morning again. This was a nightmare."

"Ha!" She turned back around so she could stop stumbling over her own feet. "This was a nightmare," she agreed and then back to the yelling over her shoulder thing, "Your brother's a nightmare!"

"So, you're still bummed you missed family dinner on Wednesday?" I asked in a light tone.

"I finally get it, Els. I mean, all this time and I thought I got it. But now I really, really get it. You should never have come here. Next year, you and me, we will both transfer back to UW and we will never have to see these people again." She was at least a little bit calm now, she sounded more bewildered than hurt or offended. Which was a good thing, I hoped....

"Sounds like a plan to me," I agreed.

The next day I walked into my Econ class feeling so off kilter. At the forefront of my mind was Beckett attacking Britte. Truthfully, I never really had a best friend before her. Growing up, I had my brothers to play with, and my parents' house sat on an acreage far from any other houses where I might have found children my age. My mom homeschooled all of us through private tutors until we were middle school age. She sent each of us off to public school at that time, hoping we would gain the necessary social skills to cope in real life. My brothers were all good-looking, extremely athletic and unable to ever be embarrassed. They did fine.

Me? I was painfully shy and reserved. I tried to follow their footsteps in the only formula I had seen work and that was to play sports. That opened up my social circle a little bit, but I never made any lasting friendships.

Finally, Colton walked into my life and kind of took over. Suddenly I had weekend plans and someone to text and talk to. I had someone paying me attention and making an effort to be with me. The best part was that he didn't let my brothers intimidate him. Well, to a certain extent of course they did. He wouldn't so much as hold my hand if we were anywhere on my parents property and the few times he accidentally bumped into me, he apologized like we were strangers. But my brothers didn't stop him from coming around. He at least showed up.

And at the time that was all I was asking for.

Even after we went our separate ways for college, he still tried with me. He called me all the time, texted all the time, spent weekends traveling to see me. He was never the perfect boyfriend; he flirted shamelessly with other girls and often forgot things I thought were important. But I was all about giving A's for effort and he was exceeding in the effort department.

Things didn't take a terrible turn until I followed him to La Crosse. It was his begging that initially brought me here, but once we were together full time it was obvious how little we still had in common, how all his effort would still pull us up short. He cheated on me and I should be outraged. And sure, my vanity was offended and I was more than embarrassed. At first, I could even say I was almost heartbroken. My trust in someone I cared about was shattered and that rocked me.

But now looking back on what happened, with a little bit of perspective, I saw that we were headed toward the finish line anyway. He just maybe jumped the gun a little bit, but our breakup was inevitable.

I think even my brothers and parents saw that coming. Nobody was particularly shocked with the news, although my brothers did make an effort to save face and protect my reputation.

I could be bitter about the move to La Crosse now, and there were some moments when I was. But I would do it all over again just to have Britte.

When we met at that special orientation, we bonded immediately. She sat down next to me with a sigh of aggravation and launched into a story about Admissions messing up her schedule. She was furious until we realized her mistake would put us in the same English 102 class. Her ire subsided and our friendship grew as we continued to talk through orientation. At the end, we exchanged numbers and then the texting began. She started it, of course. I was still reeling with rollercoaster emotions that included insecurity, elation and most brightly self-doubt.

All those feelings were quickly erased though when I realized how easy Britte made friendships in general. It was probably through that relationship that I started to see all the flaws with Colton. Not that I was thinking of Britte in the same light, I mean.... ew. But it was the first real relationship outside of my family that just happened naturally. I understood then that I didn't have to fight to make something work, if it wasn't. Colton didn't have to be "the one" for me just because I had been with him so long.

I might have stopped trying so hard.

And that's when Colton probably started looking around elsewhere.

I should have just ended it when I realized I could never marry him, but there was safety in the familiar and I had just moved schools for him. My pride forced me to see it through. Besides, I reasoned that maybe if I stopped trying so hard things would become more natural for us.

I wondered if there was more to Beckett's outrage with Britte than just trying to protect me. It was easy to reason that Britte was the one thing I had left in my life outside of my family and that if she hurt me I could very well be traumatized. It could also be reasoned that everyone in my family was so frustratingly pig-headed and domineering that any small slight by Britte could be construed as a bad influence.

Or it could be something entirely different....

"We're friends, right?" a deep voice interrupted my mental-sleuthing to the right of me. "I can sit here?"

"Huh? What?" I was oh so eloquent when being pulled from deep thoughts.

"It's Ok if I sit here?" the voice asked again and I finally focused on the face long enough to determine who it was.

Jameson.

"I know you?" I asked just to be bitchy. Which wasn't technically directed at him, but I felt like Fin had something to do with this.

His pale cheeks flushed a blooming red that made his skin so attractive. "Jameson," he whispered as if super embarrassed to have to remind me. "We met yesterday."

"Oh, right, Fin's friend." I smiled a little, softening up. "Did he send you to spy on me?"

He ducked his head, and then looked up at me from under dark eye lashes. "Uh, no." He cleared his throat nervously, and then admitted, "Not today."

"So before?" I narrowed my eyes on him, feeling no more mercy. "You're the reason he knew I was failing Econ?"

His blush deepened and I was happy to see he at least felt bad. "Sorry. I was just doing a favor for a friend. I had no idea what kind of trouble you were in."

"I'm not in trouble." I said defensively while dropping my voice. "My dumb ex-roommate, Tara the Taker is in trouble. She stole my identity."

He snorted a little at that, rebounding from his earlier insecurity. "Fin said you'd say that." I opened my mouth to give him my side of the argument but he just talked over me. "You know usually girls don't forget my name."

Oh, no. Another one of these guys. I paused for a moment, letting his cocky words hang in the air to see if he would pick up on his out of place arrogance. He didn't, so I had to stoop to a tactic I usually reserved for my brothers. "I don't really know what you want me to say here? Uh, congratulations?"

His blush was back in full force and I had to mash my lips together to keep from grinning. He ran a hand through his naturally auburn-highlighted hair and cut a look to me out of the corner of his eyes.

On a frustrated whisper he said, "I'm on the track team, it's not like I'm invisible."

"I'm sure you're not," I agreed sympathetically.

He let out a nervous burst of laughter and shook his head. "Fin is in so much trouble with you."

Gah! It was my turn to blush. "Don't say things like that," I snapped. "I'm just trying to get out of this situation that he put me in. Nothing more."

"That's what I'm saying; he's not used to girls like you. He's used to girls that get close to me and Charlie just to get close to him. Most girls remember my name because I'm named after whiskey or they think of me like a hurdle on the way to Fin the finish line."

I snorted a laugh. "Fin the finish line."

"Tara the Taker?" he grinned down at me.

"Well, trust me, I fully plan on leaving Fin's finish line and your hurdles completely alone," I assured him. Which earned me some muffled laughter. "And whiskey? Really?"

He winked at me so I didn't know if he was serious or not, but I didn't get a chance to find out. "So you know Ty?"

"He's my boss," I explained, although I felt like it should have been obvious since he was at Bailey's last night with Fin.

"Ty likes you," Jameson stated as if that were a really important fact.

"Of course he does!" I defended myself, but inside I kept hearing his weird comment about Fin being like his son, and me being like his daughter and how that would be oh, so wrong. I shuddered against the memory. There wasn't anything between us, but if there was even the smallest chance of a relationship with Fin the last thing I wanted to associate him with was another brother.

"You're not what I expected," he said seriously and in my opinion, out of the freaking blue!

"What does that mean?" I demanded but our professor had just entered the room and was already opening his book to launch into his horribly monotone monologue.

"Hey are you still failing this class?" Jameson whispered. He pulled out a thick notebook filled with handwritten notes and for some reason that endeared him to me.

I grunted some kind of affirmative noise, not willing to actually put words to the fact that I was actually failing at something.

"Are you going to get a chance to make up any work you missed?"

The professor cut his eyes to us; clearly we were disrupting his speech. He gave Jameson an intense look that would have had me trembling with remorse, but Jameson just shrugged one shoulder. Eventually the prof got back to price theory.

As soon as his attention was diverted off us, I whispered, "as long as I get all the remaining attendance points, homework points and ace the midterm and final."

Jameson snickered at that. "Sounds easy enough."

I turned to face him and gave him a pointed eye roll.

"Well, do you want my notes for the weeks you missed, then?" he dropped his eyes to his notes and scribbled something down from the lecture.

I let that slide. Normally it annoyed me to no end when people could simultaneously talk in class and listen to a teacher at the same time. I could only do one or the other. So getting caught up in an in-class conversation meant I had no idea what the teacher was saying. I usually chose listening to the teacher.

"Really?" I hedged, feeling like this was too good to be true, like maybe there was another hidden fee attached to this.

"Sure," Jameson grinned over at me. "As long as you can read my writing."

"That would be fantastic, thank you!" Maybe imminent failure in this class wasn't so imminent after all!

He leafed through his notebook and then gathered together some more loose papers tucked inside his text book. I would probably have to spend some time sorting through all this, and his handwriting would definitely be a problem, but these notes were invaluable to my grade.

"Do you want them back next class or sooner? I want to give you enough time to study for midterms." We didn't have class until Wednesday and our midterm was a week after that.

"Are you going to Fin's this weekend?" Jameson asked casually, glossing over the entire reason Fin and I spent time together to begin with. Fin called me his "slave" in his text message.

"Not till Monday," I admitted with a shrug.

"I'll just pick them up then." Jameson shot me another look out of the corner of his eye. "You're not going to his Grandma's Sunday dinner?"

"Uh, no." Weird question, right? "Why would you think that?"

He shot me a slow grin and shook his head a little. "It's a coveted invitation. But it's probably too early for that. You seem like the kind of girl that scares easily."

"Omg," I whispered, feeling like there was no other word or phrase that could sum up all of this building frustration. "I'm going to stop talking to you now and start paying attention."

Jameson laughed at me one more time, softly, casually, familiarly, like we were old friends. It kind of freaked me out. But he didn't say anything more and let me tune back into Professor Boring so I could take my own notes instead of stealing all his.

Chapter Eight

The weekend flew by in a haze of work and sleep. Finally, with the apartment to myself I could relax completely. I didn't have to worry about Tara's extremely loud 90's punk blaring late into the night and her weird early morning routines that left messy breakfasts, she never cleaned up or meeting up with her stoner friends so they could wake and bake in community. Not that I would judge them or condemn 90's punk. Both had their place in this world probably, it just wasn't supposed to be in my apartment, at inconvenient hours, while Tara stole money from me I didn't even have and chipped away at my dignity.

Still, as nice as the solitude was, I knew I wouldn't be able to maintain it. Even though she was months behind on her rent, she had been helping me with the utilities, which now fell solely to me. And I could barely cover her share of the rent. Pretty soon I would have to decide between keeping water or electricity. Which, let's face it, was a terrible situation to be in.

Finding another roommate freaked me out though. I couldn't handle another taker like Tara. Literally I couldn't afford to lose any more possessions. And what if I got someone worse than her? I needed an online vetting site for roommates.

Too bad one of my brothers wasn't a cop. I would have totally made them do background checks on all potential candidates.

Ugh. Plus, there was still the whole matter of Fin Hunter expecting me to fork over seven thousand dollars in four weeks and two days.

With the little free time I had over the weekend I tried really hard to hunt down Tara. I called her cell phone which was now disconnected. I Facebook stalked the begeezus out of her, but she hadn't had any activity since before she abandoned me. Same with Twitter, Instagram and her blog. Really, Tara? A blog?

Next I tried to hack into her old voicemail and email account, but she surprisingly used complicated passwords, or just not obvious ones, like her birthdate and address, because I could not figure out anything. And since her cell phone was no longer in service, apparently her voicemail wasn't either.

This girl was gone, and never coming back. Which sucked.

Plus, other than the missing furniture, and really, it's not like she broke in, she had a key, she didn't actually steal real money from me. She didn't hack into my bank account, or use my debit card unauthorized. All she'd done was sign an illegal contract illegally.

Not really something I could prove.

I trudged up the stairs to Fin's apartment, precisely on time for our scheduled workday. By my calculations, and if I worked some overtime, by the deadline I would only owe six thousand five hundred dollars.

And best case scenario right now, was if he let me work the entire debt off doing this whole free slavery thing. If I did that I only had to give up my life and free time, and live penniless and destitute for the next.... two years.

Totally feasible.

My family would eventually get involved in this. There would be no way I could hide this amount of time spent with Fin and glide under Grayson and Beckett's radar. They would ultimately find out. And the only thing more embarrassing than them thinking I was dating Fin, would be them finding out I owed him an insane amount of money and was trying to work it off through free services. Although those did not include prostitution, so at least I had that.

I knocked on the door to Fin's apartment and had the strongest urge to bang my head against the cold metal instead. I was in a bad place and Fin was trying to be my friend? His texting hadn't stopped over the weekend, although I only replied when I absolutely had to. Jameson befriending me in one of my classes? Meeting Britte and introducing his friends to us? This.... whatever we had going on had an expiration date not five weeks from today, at which point he would be forced to break my kneecaps with a baseball bat. Or at least that's what they did in movies when they couldn't pay.

"It's about time," Fin grunted when he opened the door for me. His expression was drawn and his eyes glared into me, pinning me in place in the hallway.

"What?" I fumbled for my cell phone, rechecking the time. Holding it up for him, I said, "I'm right on time."

He grunted at that and then stepped out of my way. He closed the door behind me and then while I spun around wondering why he wasn't leading the way to our work station he leaned back against the door. His arms were crossed, his eyebrows still pulled together. I fidgeted with my backpack but he made no move from the door.

"You told me four, it's four," I held up my phone again.

"It is four," he allowed quietly. It was a dangerous quiet, a soft but menacing quiet. Our gazes locked from the few feet apart we were standing and he held me there unmoving. His eyes were sparkling dark chocolate, alive with some intensity I didn't understand. The muscles in his neck and shoulders were corded tight and his jaw was clenched together as if he were physically stopping himself from doing something. I swallowed against the lump in my throat, knowing he wanted something from me, but having no idea what it was. Eventually he released me from his hold. Rubbing to rough hands over his face, he sighed heavily. "You're not like any girl I know."

I didn't know what to say. "Thank you?"

"It's not a compliment," he scowled at me. He shoved off the door and stalked to his computer. Adjusting my chair heavily next to him, he motioned for me to sit down.

I couldn't bring myself to do it. Had he really just insulted me? We were back to angry-Fin, the one that scared me to death the first time I met him.

"Sit," he motioned with his hand while keeping his eyes glued to his computer screen.

"No," I said simply. I was pretending bravado, especially after his shoulders tensed even more and he shot me a scathing look. Inside I was a tremulous mess.

"Why not?"

"You just insulted me," I pointed out. "And you're being rude." He looked stunned at that, like he was completely unaware of how he was treating me. "I don't know what the other girls you know-"

He cut me off with a fast, "They think I'm charming. They show up early when I ask them to come over. They respond to my text messages."

"Oh, I see," I nodded, working to hide a smug smile. I decided that I would oblige him then by sitting in the chair he rudely offered.

"You see what?" he asked in utter bafflement.

I sat down in my designated chair and dropped my backpack at my feet. I reached for his laptop, turning it on and drumming my fingers impatiently on the desk.

"You see what?" he repeated a little bit desperately.

"I wounded your pride," I turned to give him a sympathetic smile but he just stared back at me with wide, wild eyes, shaking his head like he couldn't believe I just said that. "If you wanted me here earlier, you should have said so. Or texted. I can't read your mind. And I did respond to your text messages. Well, some of them. I just don't want to get in the habit of texting each other since we're not really friends. I don't want to confuse our business relationship. Besides, I don't really think you needed my opinion on which pair of running shoes to buy for after you graduate. It doesn't really matter to me. Plus, that's forever away; we won't really know each other then. And you can be charming, sometimes. It's not that I don't think you're charming ever. It's just that," I cut my eyes to him, his expression slackening into hard disbelief and I figured I better just appease his vanity so we could get along with this whole poker thing. "Ok, fine, I find you really, really charming. Except when you're yelling at me, or being rude. Other than those times, you are definitely charming."

A few long moments of silence stretched out between us before he mumbled, "All I wanted was my money. Do you know that?" he looked at me, waiting for an answer but I didn't have one. He continued, "All I wanted was my money. Instead, I got you. You, the one person in the world I have to convince I'm charming, and on top of that I find out that my texts are annoying."

"I didn't say they were annoy-"

"I'm lost. I have no idea who I am anymore and it's because of you!" he was growing even more distressed and I didn't know what to do to calm him down.

I wrapped my hand around his forearm, hoping to sooth him. He looked down at my hand and then up into my face and I could visibly see the worry lines fade. Taking encouragement from that, I smoothed my hand along his forearm up to his muscly bicep. Holy cow! There were so many ripples and tendons under my fingers, I may have rubbed it a little longer and harder than I needed to. I stared at my hand for a minute, letting it dip under his t-shirt sleeve and pull it up so I could see the muscles for myself. I swallowed against a shot of lust low in my belly before forcing my eyes up to Fin's.

The worry lines were deeper. His whole body was strung tight. His throat bobbed with his effort to swallow.

Breaking the silence, I cleared my throat and then said, "Don't worry, you only have to deal with me for the next five weeks. Actually less than five weeks. And then we will go our separate ways and life will go back to normal for you." But probably not for me.

"Five weeks," Fin echoed thoughtfully. "Unless you get the money first."

"Yeah, sure," I agreed quickly. There was no way I could get him the money first.

"I want to amend our deal," he said in a gruff voice. His eyes flickered to my hand that was still gripped against his bicep and then back up to my eyes. "Even if you hand over the money tomorrow, you still have to work for me until the end of our deal. You can't just walk away, I need you now."

I narrowed my eyes against his choice of words, but then reluctantly nodded my head. If there was a way to get him the money beforehand I would have put up a fight, but since I knew there was no way in hell I could come up with the money before then I decided to let him feel like he won this round.

"Ok, if you insist," I sighed.

He nodded, working to swallow again and I suddenly got the distinct impression that he was nervous. Which then made me nervous.... My hand was still on his bare arm, but I just couldn't bring myself to remove it from his hot, delicious skin. And he wasn't exactly in a hurry to pull away from me.

Finally, I realized that leaving my hand on his bicep and tilting my face toward him was probably sending him the wrong message. So I withdrew my hand and then with a shaky breath waved it at the computer.

"We should probably get to work, yeah?" I hated the breathlessness in my voice, but he had to know his effect on girls. In fact, I knew he knew his effect on girls; he just came out and told me how they usually act around him.

"Right," he mumbled, drawing back to sit up straight. He shook his head a little bit as if to bring himself back from something and a lock of hair fell across his forehead.

I stifled a sigh at how gorgeous he was, at how desperate I was to brush that lock of hair back with a sweep of my fingers and ignored the urge to shake my own head.

"So what do you want me to do tonight? I have a list of the eight people I think make good candidates for your big game, and I did some background checking on the ones scheduled to play tonight. Even though I know it's not a high stakes game, you should still probably watch a guy named Jay Fairway, screen name: Jaybird93." At Fin's eye roll, I added, "I know. But his freshman year he got caught cheating in a Biology Lab and then again last year, there were allegations that he cheated again on his Child Development midterms. Plus he owes his friend Kyle thirty dollars."

Fin's expression turned serious and thoughtful, his eyebrows pulled together in that intimidating way and his jaw ticked while he thought this over. "How did you find all that out?"

"I sat near them in the student union Saturday afternoon. You're friends with him on Facebook, so I saw they were going to be hanging out there and I went to see if I could get a feel for him. Kyle just happened to be talking about the money Jay owed him. I was in the class last spring that he was accused of cheating in, so that's how I heard about that. And while those rumors were flying around, the stuff about his freshman year got brought up. I just happened to remember all that when I saw him in person. He was an easy background check, I got lucky."

Fin seemed to think that over for a while before he said, "Any other concerns over the rest of the players?"

"No, other than I'm a little confused why Maddie Taylor is playing. She seems way too sweet for this kind of thing."

"What does being sweet have to do with playing poker?" he asked incredulously.

"Honestly, I don't really know. I just don't peg her as the kind of girl who wants to be holed up in her room all night losing her hard earned money." I admitted.

"You're right about that," he agreed. "But it's her parents' money, so I don't think she's too worried about it. She's played a couple games before. She's not all that great, but she's a quick learner. She might surprise you."

I just rolled my eyes. "Whatever you say."

"Exactly," he smiled at me and my breath stuttered. His face was staggering when he looked at me like that, complete perfection. I smiled back, entranced by his curved lips and perfectly formed teeth. I needed to piss him off pronto, just so I could think straight again. But I couldn't get my thoughts in order quick enough to make any kind of noise, so I just sat there staring back dumbly. Eventually he spoke again, "So, because you don't know the first thing about poker, or so you say," he gave me one of those challenging looks like he expected me just to open up and spill the untrue truth to him. I didn't respond. The spell of his smile was gone and he was back to being the scary guy that thought I owed him all this money. "I am going to monitor the game tonight, and I want you to write up a list of rules that I can keep permanently, send out to future players and all that. I have a list that I use, but I want something professional and readable."

"Did you want me to put some business cards together too? Maybe some fliers that I could pass around campus advertising a Tuesday Night Special?" I kept my eyes on my computer screen, but I couldn't help but notice the twitch of his lips as he tried not to smile.

"Smartass," he murmured.

"Such language," I breathed with a feigned huff.

He snorted at that and then we both got to work. I pulled up his multiple documents with concise, but simple language and attempted to put all the rules and regulations together in a professional way. Fin sat staring at his computer screen with this intense gaze, arms crossed, feet stretched out in front of him under the desk.

The silence wasn't uncomfortable between us, but we weren't exactly working in companionable ease. At least on my part. Fin seemed perfectly fine to watch the game happen on the computer screen. It was just like I imagined online poker to be. An octagonal table was displayed on the screen with each section designated to a screen name. The backs of cards were pictured to display how many cards each player had or needed, while the pot in the middle continued to grow with each new bet; also in the middle was a display of the cards the dealer showed. Even Fin, although he sat behind the master controls, couldn't see the exact cards each player had. The only advantage Fin had over the other players was knowing exactly who each player was, while the anonymity of their screen name kept the other players from finding out.

I didn't understand what was happening on screen at all. The hands played didn't make sense to me and from one round to the next, I couldn't figure out who was going to take the pot. But it was kind of fascinating to watch over Fin's shoulder. Sometimes he would grunt out a response, either in approval or disapproval. And sometimes his fingers would tap rhythms on his desk in what I imagined was him restraining himself from getting further involved in the game.

"Do you ever play?" I asked casually. I was googling other documents to help me with the wording of Fin's rules.

"Hardly ever anymore." He shot me an unreadable look but turned his eyes quickly back to the computer screen.

"How did you get into this whole thing?" I asked casually, but I was dying to know. Did he come to college with aspirations to put this together? Or did he inherit this from a graduating senior when he was but a young freshman?

He hesitated for a few moments and then heaved a short sigh. "Ty."

"Ty?" I asked in complete disbelief. Ty was so rigid and strict and.... anal about the rules! I could not believe Ty would actually put together something like this and then pass it on to the next generation.

"He's kind of a computer genius. He helped me set this up freshman year," he admitted in a low voice.

"I don't believe you," I said mulishly.

He shot another look over his shoulder, this time a mischievous grin that told me I didn't know Ty at all. I shook out my hair, letting it fall around my shoulders in a defiant gesture that I was right and he was wrong. "Besides he told me he thinks of you like a son."

"Exactly."

"Well, that's kind of messed up, don't you think?"

"Nope. I needed the money, and he found me a way for me to make it without killing myself."

"Why? Why do you need the money? Aren't you on full-ride for track?" I asked, a bit desperate to get to the bottom of him, to figure out exactly what made him tick, even though I knew I was being rude.

"Yes, I'm on full-ride, but school doesn't pay for everything. I still have to live. And I still have to provide.... for myself." He sounded cocky despite his awkward hesitation as he explained that, like it was his right as a man to make money and he was just fulfilling his destiny.

"You seem to do pretty good though," I gestured to his trendy apartment with expensive furniture, exposed brick walls and real wood flooring.

"As long as I get paid, I do alright," he admitted.

I hmphed at that which earned me another killer smile. "So why do you need the money you think I owe then? In the grand scheme of things, it's not that big of a deal if a measly seven thousand goes missing." I kept my tone and words casual, trying to use my powers of persuasion. If I believed seven thousand dollars was an insignificant amount so would Fin.

He fell silent instead of answering my question and I got the impression I went too far. Fin seemed to have this elevated opinion of me, despite the fact that I owed him money. If I didn't know better, it was almost like he was chasing me, pursuing me. Good thing I knew better.

Still, I felt really bad when he went quiet, almost like I disappointed him.

After a while he said, "Why don't you go order us dinner? There's a good Thai place in the menu drawer. The dish I like is circled."

"Um, Ok," I saved the document I was working on and then started to get up.

Fin reached for my hand yanking me back to face him. He was swiveled around on his desk chair to face me, his hand firmly gripping mine. I stepped off balance and then came to land with my legs awkwardly parted over his bent knee. The rough material of his jean-clad knee brushed against the inside of my right thigh and I froze with anticipation. Fin seemed to be hyper-aware of our closeness too because his throat was doing that thing again where I watched his Adam's apple bob up and down as he worked to swallow.

With his dark eyes boring into mine he reached into his back pocket and pulled out an ultra-thin wallet. He extended it out to me and I grabbed for it with my free hand but he didn't immediately let go.

"One day," he said gruffly, his words harsh and raspy in his throat as if it were painful for him to give up. "I'll tell you why the money's important one day."

His eyes were so vulnerable, so trusting.... so open. Even though I didn't have any idea what he was trying to tell me, I knew there was something he was saying. So afraid to ruin the moment, I just nodded. I could wait till one day. He could tell me one day.

"Use the green card," he instructed and then let me go.

It took all of my grace and coordination not to stumble back after he released me from his intensity. I cleared my throat, ignoring the riot of butterflies in my stomach. Fin could do serious damage to my heart if I let him keep this up. And the worst part was he didn't even know what he was doing.

I ordered the Thai food quickly, just getting two of whatever it was he liked. And I wasn't even sure if I got that right. My Thai was not the most accurately pronounced.

After I finished the order there was a knock at the door. Without being asked I walked over and put my hand on the knob.

"Wait," Fin called out, jumping up from his chair. "Let me check who it is first. I've been getting these weird-" He stopped talking suddenly and cleared his throat.

Knowing he was referring to the three girls I sent his way over the last week I leaned up on my tip toes to look through the peephole. I couldn't suppress my smile and I was seriously hoping it was another girl. I would die to watch Fin interact with one of them.

But alas, it was only Jameson.

"It's alright, I think it's for me," I called over my shoulder.

Fin was halfway across the room and I felt more than heard his confusion at that. I opened the door and let Jameson in.

"Hey," I said causally.

He smiled down at me, familiar and sweet. "Hey, Els." We shared the smile and then he reluctantly greeted Fin. "Hey, man."

Fin could not have sounded more suspicious when he said, "Hey," back. "What are you doing here James?"

"Just stopped by to see, Ellie." Jameson shot me a wink over his shoulder so I knew he was teasing Fin. Not that Fin didn't totally deserve this; although I wasn't sure why he would care to begin with.

"She's working right now," Fin bit out. He made his stance wide, intimidating and crossed his arms. His hair was across his forehead again and his dark eyes were more the color of cold black obsidian than warm chocolate.

"I can see that," Jameson mumbled smugly.

That muscle started ticking in Fin's jaw again and I had the strongest urge to smooth my hand over it so he would relax. I shook my head of that kind of thought and instead tugged on the crook of Jameson's arm. "I just ordered some Thai. Are you going to stick around and eat with us?"

"He can't, we're working," Fin growled, emphasizing his words loudly.

"I can't anyway, I've got three miles left to work in this evening. Did you finish your work out track star?" Jameson asked tauntingly.

Fin didn't reply, just bore holes with his eyes into Jameson's head. "What do you need, J?"

Not wanting to cause any problems between Fin and his friend, especially since I was the removable piece here, I hurried over to my backpack lying on the floor. I grabbed the notes I borrowed and quickly shuffled them into a neat pile before handing them over to Jameson.

"Thanks again," I smiled sweetly. "Those are probably going to save my grade."

"Of course," Jameson smiled back. "Anytime, Ellie, really. And if you need help studying for the midterm, just let me know. I'd love to help out."

"That would be great, thank you!" I gushed. That really would be great; I wasn't just being polite or nice. My grade was in so much trouble and I could not make sense of anything related to probability or trending inflations.

"Alright, well, I'll call you later," Fin interrupted as a way to kick his friend out.

He was being rude, and I was kind of embarrassed, but Jameson only laughed and gave us a wave on his way out the door.

Once the door was closed behind him, Fin locked it and then returned to his desk. "Since when are you and McKay such good friends?"

"Oh, I thought you knew we had Econ together. You know, since you made him spy on me and all," I retorted with as much snark as I could muster.

But he just grunted.

Not feeling like sitting back down next to him, I wandered over to his huge windows that looked out over the street below and a section of grassy campus. There were three of these long windows that reached from my waist almost all the way to the vaulted ceiling were evenly spaced along his living room wall. The rough, red brick filled in the space between and the dark wood baseboard ran along the length of the floor.

The sun was shining today and the cold winter wind seemed to have receded for good. People were out and about this evening, enjoying the nice weather, taking their dogs for walks and holding hands in the park area. Couples dotted the grassy knoll all over, holding hands under budding trees, speaking closely and in one case making foreplay an outdoor sport.

"Oh my gosh," I gasped at the publically petting couple. I stifled a laugh, feeling embarrassed for them. It looked like they were trying to eat each other.

"What?" Fin asked from his game surveillance.

I laughed out loud at the guys' brazenness as his hand traveled up the outside of his girlfriend's thigh before slipping under her short skirt. "Oh my gosh," I whispered again.

With some of his earlier impatience gone Fin asked in a gentler tone, "What is it?"

Reluctantly I answered, "There is this couple on the green across the street. They're.... they're basically hav**g s*x." My cheeks heated bright red, but I could not stop watching them. "Ok, maybe not sex but seriously making out."

"And that bothers you?" Fin asked intuitively.

"No," I said too quickly. "I mean, it doesn't bother me. I just, I've never been able to do that. Like, make out in public."

"Never?" Fin asked in disbelief. "You've never made out in public?"

I hadn't really made out in private either, but he didn't need to know that. "No way! It's so.... tacky."

"Yet, you can't take your eyes off the couple across the street," Fin murmured huskily.

Sputtering to defend myself I said, "Only because they're being so crazed about it. He's trying to swallow her head! And he has his whole arm up her skirt!"

"And that embarrasses you?"

I could feel the intensity of his gaze on my back, his intelligent eyes studying me, but still I couldn't stop watching the couple below. "No, it doesn't embarrass me. It's just.... I've never, I don't know, I've never wanted someone so badly that I had to have them, right then, right there."

Fin stood up and walked to the farthest window away from me so he could see the couple, the man now practically lying on top of the woman, groping her in full view of everyone else. Fin's smile turned wicked as he took in what I had been watching. "You've never been so taken with someone that you couldn't do anything else until your mouth was on theirs? Until your hands were exploring their body thoroughly? Memorizing every inch of exposed skin? Discovering every single unexposed secret?"

Feeling, very suddenly out of breath I glanced over at Fin only to catch him staring at me and not the couple down below. "No," I whispered. I shook my head, trying to come back to myself. "But I don't really like kissing."

That brought Fin out of wherever he had gone too. "What?" he demanded tersely.

I let out a nervous laugh, embarrassed I admitted that. "I don't know, it's just never really done anything for me."

"Then you're not being kissed properly," he objected quickly.

"I don't think it's them," I argued, although by them, I really only meant Colton and this boy I went to summer camp with when I was thirteen. "I think it's me. I just can't seem to ever get out of my own head, you know? It's like I'm stuck up there analyzing and thinking and I just can't ever really get into it. I might be broken." I didn't really think I was broken, just maybe not very lusty. But still, to a purely sexual, virile man like Fin, broken would be the most sense he could make out of me.

Fin's eyes locked to mine and burned with a palpable need. I swallowed roughly, against my instinct to hide from him, to hide from how concentrated everything was about him, how I could feel his desire from all the way across the room, how it rippled in the air between us, electrifying every one of my senses.

Before he even took a step, I realized I just threw down a challenge; a challenge to a competitive, aggressive alpha male going to school on a full ride athletic scholarship. He would see that challenge and feel only the driving need to conquer, to win. Crap.

"No shit," he mumbled. His tall, toned body was stalking over to me. Each step seemed to make his entire body ripple with intent.

"Excuse me?" I huffed, slipping a hand to my hip. I knew it was true, but I didn't like that Fin thought he had me all figured out.

"No shit," he said slower, a hint of amusement tilting his lips.

Feeling offended but mostly panicked by the wicked glint in his eyes, I let out a puff of indignation, "No shit? No shit? Yes shit!" I argued heatedly. "Yes, very much shit! What does that phrase even mean? You don't have to-"

My tirade was abruptly cut off when Fin pressed his lips against mine. The force of his surprisingly soft lips against mine took my breath away and whatever I was going to say immediately disappeared, completely forgotten. Fin wrapped a strong arm around my waist, and held the other against the nape of my neck. He wasn't forcing me into this kiss, but his aggressive body language made it clear I wasn't going anywhere either. He took a step, and then another step and suddenly my back was pushed against the rough brick wall, and his chest was pressed into mine.

All the while his lips moved slowly, seductively against mine. His tongue swept against my bottom lip and before I could register my actions I opened my mouth for him, letting him in. His tongue met my tongue and I felt him groan with satisfaction at the connection. My breaths became shallow, my head became dizzy, there was nothing outside of Fin's mouth. He worked it against me, slowly building my need until it was a frenzy of pure, unadulterated lust and want.

Unable to keep myself from touching him any longer, I brought my hands up to grip his chest. Slowly I slid them up, relishing the feel of hard muscle beneath my fingers. Even through the thin material of his t-shirt I could feel how sculpted his entire body was. Soon, my arms were wrapped around Fin's neck and I was clinging to him to stay upright.

The hand that gripped my neck, slid up into my hairline, grasping my hair in a tight fist. I gasped at his power; not that he hurt me, but there was this promised roughness that did nothing but turn me on more. His other hand slipped quickly under my own shirt, and he pressed his flat hand against the heat of my back. The contact of skin on skin made me shiver against him and in response his mouth took mine even hungrier.

His kiss grew more hectic, more frenzied. I weaved one of my own hands through his hair, and my other gripped his shoulder for balance, my nails dug into his shoulder, but it was all I could do to hold on to him. His kisses were like drugs, sending my brain into a mindless haze and my body into a fire of craving.

I stumbled forward, losing my balance and Fin caught me tightly. Thinking I had been trying to get away from him he pushed me back against the wall in an aggressive push. My breath whooshed out of me in surprise but before I could decide if I should be upset or not Fin's delicious mouth had moved from mine to my jawline and I decided that I liked that he was taking what he wanted. I really liked it. He kissed and licked and sucked his way up to my ear and then paid special attention to my earlobe. I was gasping and leaning into him for more when he moved down the column of my neck and to my collar bone. The hand that was under my shirt started moving upward towards my bra in slow, teasing circles. By the time his fingers were playing with the clasp I was shaking with something I couldn't even put a name to.

Fin's fingers stayed at the clasp of my bra, playing with it as if he were deciding what to do with it. One of his fingers grazed the skin underneath it and I sucked in a sharp breath, knowing I should be worried about what he was planning, but not able to work up any emotion other than desire.

Fin's mind must have been less hazy than mine though because he seemed to come back to himself somewhat. He left the skin of my throat and jaw and took my mouth in his one more time. He kissed me hungrily, desperately. His kisses consumed me, threatened to ruin me for all other kisses in my future. If it were possible, Fin could easily have gotten a full ride to college for kissing. Seriously, a boy should not be this good at anything. No wonder he was cocky.

And if he was this good at just kissing....

With one last feverish, devouring press of his lips against mine, he pulled away. He was breathing heavy, as was I, our chests rising and falling in frantic patterns. His hands became more of a presence as they pressed against my bare skin without pulling me closer to him. We weren't exactly in an embrace, but we were tangled together in an unmistakable connection.

He bent his head to press his forehead against mine softly, "Ellie," he whispered, the sound raspy with left over desire. "What are you thinking about?"

Gah! "N-n-nothing," I gasped, still trying to catch my breath.

Slowly I opened my eyes, but his were still closed. His lips have turned into a gorgeous smile and it seemed like he was still trying to get control of himself. Ok, point proven.

Finally, after several more breathless moments, he straightened, disentangling his limbs from mine. "That's how you should be kissed. Every single time." And then he patted my head like a small child and walked away.

I stayed molded to the brick wall, still trying to get my brain to work. What just happened?

"Get back to work!" he shouted at me from somewhere down the hallway. "I want those rules done before the food gets here."

In that moment, that exact moment, I knew Fin Hunter was going to change my life forever. I didn't know if it would be better or worse when he was done, I just knew that he was blowing through everything I thought I wanted and needed like a tornado of change and I was helpless to stop it.

I was helpless against him.

Chapter Nine

"I can feel you freaking out from over here. Stop it," Fin ordered from the kitchen.

While I eventually moved from the wall back to my desk, he was right, I was freaking out. But what was I supposed to do? I had never, in my entire life, been kissed like that. And a small part of me wondered if I would ever be kissed like that again.

I wanted to be. I wanted to be kissed like that every single day for the rest of my life. In fact, I wanted to campaign for kisses like that, go on a world tour proclaiming the necessity of being kissed and taken and dominated like that. That kiss had changed my entire way of thinking.

But it was attached to a boy that I really just wanted to get away from. So that made things confusing. Which in turn, made me freak the hell out.

"Ellie, I'm serious, stop it," he commanded, his deep, rumbly voice skittering deliciously over my skin. "If I would have known it was going to make you completely shut down around me, I never would have done it. It was just a lesson, nothing more. Alright?"

I knew that. Those were things I knew immediately. And while Fin, being the man that he was, might want something one-nighter-ish to happen between us, he wasn't expecting it. But if it did happen, that was all he as expecting. One night. And that was not happening. Not ever.

"Ellie, for real, are you Ok? I feel bad now." Fin's whole demeanor had changed. I could tell he really felt bad about the kiss and I was being stupid about it, letting him think I thought it was than it was.

"Oh, no." I mustered up all the sarcastic energy I could. "You're not going to apologize are you?"

"What?" he asked on a surprised laugh.

"You shocked me, that's all. Don't be a girl about this," I turned to shoot him a grin I barely felt and caught his widened eyes as he took in my playful expression. "It was just a kiss. It didn't mean anything. I'm probably not even the first girl you've made out with today."

Did I sound jealous?

Ack! I hope I didn't sound jealous!

"Don't do that," Fin scolded while walking back to his seat next to me. "Don't do that whole 'Fin's a manwhore' thing and downplay what happened between us." He actually sounded kind of pissed and I was more confused than ever.

"Whatever, Finley. Nothing happened between us." I muttered that, hoping he would get the hint and drop the subject. When his head swiveled around to face me and his eyes glinted dangerously I realized I had wounded his pride. Again. "Except for hottest kiss of your damn life." And mine.

Fin broke into a huge grin, his eyes immediately relaxed and his hand shot out to grip my bicep and shake me playfully. "I never know what you're going to say next, Ellie Harris. You're nothing like what I expected."

I smiled back at him because it was impossible not to. He was infectious, contagious, a freaking pandemic. And not that I wanted to paint him as a disease when my heart was suddenly hammering frantically in my chest and my skin was tingling every place he touched me, but he was kind of a disease. He just happened to me, no matter how I tried to protect myself from him. And I wasn't sure there was a cure for him.

Dang it, I was starting to like him. And I felt like such a fool.

"I'm almost glad you lost all that money, Ellie. At least I get to keep you around for a while," he grinned playfully at me but reality came crashing back with his words and my smile faltered.

"Yeah, me too," I pursed my lips and rolled my eyes. Gently tugging my arm back from his hold I said, "Now let me get back to the work you have me doing, so I don't owe you that money for the rest of our lives."

Fin was quiet after that and so was I. But all in all it was a productive night. I finished his rules and regulations document, set up a spread sheet of the past year and half of winners and winnings. Which, holy cow, Fin only took a percent of the winnings and he was doing more than alright. No wonder this was so important to him. But I had to wonder again, why the money he wanted from me was so important. He should have tons of money, especially if he wasn't paying for school.

I also continued to monitor players for some of the upcoming games, the more suspicious ones. I learned something very important tonight, and that was my generation puts way too much of their lives posted on the Internet. I even had to go back and check through the last of my own genius-level posts. Did I really need to advertise to the world how much I loved coke from the soda fountain? No probably not. But still it was better than baring my innermost secrets for my entire friends list. Come on, people!

Like, maybe if you want to join an exclusive poker game, don't complain to the entire internet world that you're flat broke.... I just shook my head and crossed them off my list.

Denied.

This job gave me the false impression I wielded some kind of super power, but I just went with it. I was actually having fun.

When Fin went to the bathroom I checked his Facebook account and tried to see if I could get a girl over to the apartment while I was still here. I was excited to watch that play out and see firsthand how Fin would react.

Was I testing him?

Maybe, if I answered truthfully. But I argued to myself that it didn't really matter because there was nothing between us and I didn't want anything between us. I just wanted to be friends. And because we were just friends, if even that, I wasn't testing, I was just kidding. This was just a practical joke.

Besides, it didn't matter. There were no fish biting tonight. I clicked off as soon as Fin reappeared in the hallway and pretended to be watching the end of the last online game. There were only two players left, both trying to win the remaining hundred dollars.

"I think I'm done for the night," I announced.

Fin had changed out of his jeans and t-shirt and into black sweatpants and a different faded gray t-shirt that stretched tight over his biceps and broad chest. Apparently he wore contacts, because he put on black, square framed hipster glasses too and his hair was more tussled than when he left. He looked adorable. Not really like the intimidating college senior I was used to seeing, now he was this comfortable but gorgeous friend and I wanted more than anything to curl up on the coach with him and watch a movie with the lights off.

Something was wrong with me. I was suddenly embarrassed that he was ready for bed and I was still hanging around.

Fin studied me from across the room, as if he were trying to solve an impossible puzzle. Naturally this made me extremely fidgety because I had no idea what he was putting together in his head. I stood up and started gathering my things, stuffing my phone into my backpack.

"You don't have to go just because I changed," Fin said and when I looked up at him I wondered if he realized he was blocking the front door, blocking my quick escape.

"Fin, you're in your pajamas," I laughed.

He made a sound in the back of his throat like I offended him, "I don't really call these pajamas."

"Well, whatever they are. You can just ask me to leave when I've out stayed my welcome. I'm just trying to help you out." I stated obviously. I shouldered my backpack and moved across the living room.

"You haven't," Fin said quickly. "I mean, you don't have to leave."

I gave him a patronizing smile. Surely he had homework to do, or just wanted to be alone. We spent the last five hours together; even I was ready to get away from myself. "Don't you have to get up early for your track workout?"

Ignoring me, Fin gestured to his couch, "We could watch a movie."

I shivered involuntarily at the sound of his low voice and suggestion. He was just offering a movie, I had already started imagining him pinning me down on the couch and taking my mouth as hungrily as he had before.

It was time to go.

"It's alright, we should probably try to avoid friendship as much as possible." I shrugged.

Fin stayed quiet but in my way as he digest my words. The rugged planes of his face seemed to sharpen and his lips twisted into a dark smirk. His expression was sensual, pure sex, and I couldn't even pretend not to be effected. I fell into it, mesmerized by this gorgeous boy that was focusing all his carnal attention on me.

"I think avoiding friendship between us is a good idea." The innuendo was clear and for some reason that embarrassed me.

I wasn't used to all this flirting. I felt like I could barely keep up with him. Teasing was easy, avoiding, ignoring and being rude, also easy; but trying to keep it together while he threw out sexy suggestions or blatantly made out with me was too much. I was way out of my league.

Besides, I didn't trust that Fin wanted anything more than his money. He was just used to flirting, to more than flirting; he was used to girls who would give him whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted it.

So, with all those thoughts tumbling around my brain I came back with a very witty, "Yeah, Ok."

At least I didn't snort. "See you Thursday, Fin." I gave him a platonic smile that seemed to wipe some of the sex appeal off his face and tried to walk around him.

I took a step forward and Fin shocked me to death by pulling me into a hug. He murmured something against my hair, but I couldn't make it out since my brain was still reeling from our close contact. Slowly I relaxed- after, I realized he wasn't going to throw me up against another wall- and returned the hug.

His body responded immediately to my willingness and he pulled me closer against his chest. His arms wrapped around me, one tight against my lower back so that I had to lean up on my tippy toes and one across my shoulders. I felt tiny in his embrace, itty bitty compared to his long, muscled frame. But at the same time we fit together easily, like pieces of the same puzzle.

I shook my head against his neck, trying to get those thoughts of familiarity out of my head. For Fin, being anything but friends meant something entirely different to a girl like me. He was charming me, showing me bits and pieces of him I wasn't emotionally ready to know. And at the end of this all I would be was a hot make out and an uncollected debt.

I gave myself five more sEconds in his arms, inhaling his aftershave and mouthwash. Embarrassingly I closed my eyes against the heady scent. God, this felt too good. But at the end of the five sEconds I wiggled out from his arms and just to put my own thoughts and feelings back where they belonged I punched his bicep.

Hard.

"Ow!" he groaned, as shocked as I was that I hit him.

I didn't actually know why I hit him; I just needed to separate myself completely from the girl that was just wrapped up so contentedly in Fin's arms, to the girl that just punched him. I was losing my mind.

I let out a nervous burst of laughter so embarrassed that I was such a social spaz. "Sorry!" I squeaked and let my head fall into my hands. My shoulders started shaking uncontrollably as I laughed hysterically at myself.

"Why did you hit me?" he demanded, but I could hear the amusement in his voice.

"I better go," I ignored his question when I had finally gotten ahold of myself. "I'll see you Thursday."

"Are you and Britte going to run anymore in the mornings?" he asked while I stepped around him. Just three more feet to the door. I was almost there. "Because I like to do my workouts then. I could meet you. Jameson and Charlie don't really like to run in the mornings. I could use a partner. Or, uh, partners."

I gave him a double take. "Uh, I don't think so."

"Why not?" he asked, but it was around more laughter.

"Fin, you're in the height of your track season. I run off Ramen Noodle calories. There's no way I would be that cruel to my self-esteem. I like to pretend I'm in pretty good shape."

"I could run at your pace," he insisted.

"Then it's not much of a workout for you, is it?" he opened his mouth to argue that point but I cut him off. "Stop trying to spend time with me, it's getting weird." Which would have been totally believable if I wasn't smiling at him.

"It's only weird that you keep rejecting me!"

He was kind of right about that.

"Goodbye, Fin." I finally reached the door handle and pulled. I thought I would be really excited to finally get to the door, but now I was disappointed to be leaving him. Especially now that he was being so cute....

"Wait, I'll walk you to your car." He started slipping on leather flip flops that were piled by the door.

"Don't you dare!" Seriously, I had to stop this.

"But-"

"Seriously, if you even try to, I'm marking it down as overtime."

He scowled at me as if my threat actually meant something and that's when I realized there really was all this money in between us. I hadn't been able to get it out of my head, but this was the heavy confirmation I was looking for. I didn't know why he kept flirting with me, or insisting he wanted more than friendship. He didn't. He wanted his money.

Money I didn't have.

"Fine, Ellie," he sighed, seeming resigned to the fact that he wasn't getting anymore with me.

"Night Fin," I smiled brightly at him, hoping to erase some of that bad attitude.

Instead of saying goodbye he pointed a finger at me and said, "Text me so I know you got home Ok."

"Sure." I took another step into the hallway.

"Ellie, I mean it. Text me or I'm coming over to make sure you got home alright," he threatened.

"Fine," I sighed. "I'll text you." Knowing this goodbye had dragged out long enough I turned on my heel and sashayed to the stairwell. I was as all poise and confidence and not once did I look back at Fin, even though my entire body was humming with awareness that he was watching me. I refused to let him see how much all his attention got to me, how my body thrummed like it was being turned on for the first time in my entire life. And not turned in the "ooh baby" way, but as in coming to life, like he brought me to life for the first time ever.

A flutter of panic rippled through my stomach when I realized this was only the middle of week two. I still had four more weeks left.

The panic subsided a little once I was safe and alone back in my own apartment. I closed and locked the door behind me, thankful for the peace and quiet once more. Tara left a million problems for me when she left, but she also solved a few too. I no longer had to deal with her for starters.

I set my backpack down and walked over to grab a glass for water. My cell phone dinged not a sEcond later and from the shot of nerves straight to my chest, I had a feeling who it might be.

I told you to text me when you got home.

Fin. Was he serious?

I was just about to. Lie. I literally just walked in the door. Not a lie.

And then I quickly added: Stop stalking me!

His response was immediate. Just protecting my assets.

I just rolled my eyes at you.

Goodnight, Eleanor Harris.

Goodnight, Finley Hunter.

Chapter Ten

"That was brutal," Jameson declared as soon as Professor Maken wrapped up our shared Econ class on Wednesday.

"No kidding," I agreed. My brain felt fuzzy after the information dump I just sat through. I didn't know what I wanted to major in yet, although I knew I was running out of time to decide, but I did know that anything involving Economics was out.

I packed up my notebook, textbook and various other things and then slipped my backpack on both shoulders. Jameson was waiting on me when I was finished, so I led the way up the stairs and out of the classroom.

I was not at all used to being friends with Jameson. Fin was hard enough to handle. Now I had Jameson wanting to sit by me every class and following me around after. It was bizarre. I just wasn't used to having a whole lot of friends in general, let alone popular, hot, seniors that could probably be anywhere else but with me. Girls and guys stopped to talk to him on our way through the building. He nodded his head and said hello, but stayed with me until I reached the sidewalk outside.

I ducked against the constant drizzle and biting wind of the spring afternoon and headed toward the student union without really giving Jameson much instruction. He followed and I didn't know what to think.

Running through the rain, didn't give us much opportunity to talk though until we were inside the warmth and dryness of the student union. Shaking out his dark auburn hair he flashed me a perfect smile from underneath his shaggy hair.

"This weather sucks," he groaned. "It's supposed to stay like this all week and we have all day practice tomorrow for the meet."

"Oh, you guys have a meet this week?" I asked, flipping my own damp hair over my shoulder. I was regretting my outfit today. In an effort to dress less missionary I wore a pair of black leggings and a royal blue tunic-style tank top that landed just below my h*ps that I borrowed from Britte. I had a long gray cardigan that covered half of my ass, but now that I was damp and soggy my clothes were clinging to me uncomfortably.

Jameson was in the middle of texting so he took a moment to finish and send before he answered me. "Yes, it's a five day-er. Going to come show us some support?" He waggled his eyebrows and I laughed at him.

Britte walked over from our regular table and joined us. "Hey," I greeted her. I was actually supposed to just meet her, but now I wasn't really sure what to do with Jameson or how to get rid of him. "Jameson wants to know if we're going to support him at his meet this week."

Britte laughed before she could stop herself. "Sure, that sounds like us."

"We could make posters," I suggested, shooting her a devious smile.

"And t-shirts!"

"And sit in the front row!" I laughed harder.

"We could even do that thing, where people clap their hands and jump up and down and...." Britte trailed off pretending to be confused.

"Cheer?"

"Yes, we could cheer!" Britte ended on a high-pitched squeal and we both burst into laughter.

"So, you guys just hate organized sports or what?" Jameson asked, not at all entertained by us.

"We're just kidding," I shot him a smile, hoping he would relax. "I go to every one of Beckett's games whenever my parents are in town and they make me."

Britte started laughing all over again.

"Yeah, but baseball is boring," Jameson insisted.

And he was right. Baseball was boring, and it was definitely the worst of all my brothers' sports. I enjoyed watching the actual game of tennis the most when Lennox played. I even liked playing tennis. But Grayson's wrestling career was by far my favorite, for obvious reasons. Grayson excluded, I was not about to complain about watching sweaty boys wrestle around.... Beckett and baseball was something I endured, although I recognized that he was an incredible athlete and did the best job he could at making it exciting.

"Truth," I agreed with Jameson.

"So you should try a meet, you might like it." He was not going to give up on this.

"She ran track, J. The girl knows what a meet is like," Fin's rumbly voice in my ear caused me to about jump out of my skin. Gah. Jameson's text message. Darn him.

"Traitor," I mumbled at him crankily. He retaliated with one of his heart-stopping smiles. Fin won hands down in the perfect-features-overalls, but Jameson had amazing teeth and when he smiled his whole face lit up. It helped that his skin was flawless and whenever it heated with emotion or exertion it turned the most attractive shade of pink in just the high planes.

"We look out for each other," he explained and I wanted to roll my eyes. But I didn't. I'd already offended him by making fun of cheering for him and I didn't think his ego could take much more.

I knew better than anyone that boys were sensitive.

Before I could come up with anything sarcastic to retort Fin put a heavy arm around my shoulder and pulled me into his side. I wiggled a little, uncomfortable with being so connected to Fin in public. Either my brother's spies were going to see us or people really were going to start putting us together as a couple. I highly doubted anybody knew who I was, but Fin was like a mini-celebrity and it made me nervous that he couldn't seem to keep his hands off me.

"Where did you come from?" I asked, deciding not to make a big deal out of this. At least not yet. Besides, I was having a really hard time remembering why exactly I didn't want to be tucked in to his warm side.

"Study group," he said simply.

"Oh, which class are you having trouble in?" I had to ask. I had to! Fin failing at something might just be enough to make him appear human to me. And that could be enough to shake him off forever.

"I lead a study group for some math classes, but tonight's was a statistics group." He looked down at me, over the scruff of his beard and straight into my eyes, although I knew my chest was kind of on display from his position towering over me. It was the stupid wet, low cut tank top and he was staring into my eyes. Not fair. He was supposed to ogle me so I could resent him for his uncontrollable lust.

"Of course you do," I grumbled. He just smirked down at me.

"You guys had Econ?" Fin asked with notes of possession in his tone that he wasn't even trying to hide.

"Mmm-hmmm," I allowed but then wiggled away from him. We were going to have to talk about this. Soon. Once free of Fin's touch I said, "Alright guys, see you later." I lifted my hand and waved at them but Britte grabbed it and forced it back down.

"Ellie," she quietly squeaked.

"You ladies have plans this afternoon?" Jameson asked with a smirk.

"I have class later," I said quickly. It was still hours away, but eventually I had class.

"Well, we were going to go grab lunch in the cafeteria, want to come?" Fin asked. His eyes were boring into the side of my head but I refused to look at him.

I let Britte answer with a casual, "Sure," knowing she was holding back her excitement while I was fighting the dread pulsing through me.

And this time it wasn't just Fin and the boundaries I was desperately trying to maintain between us. I also had to worry about running into Beckett, possibly even Grayson, although that was less likely. And the biggest concern of them all was the fact that I couldn't afford it!

"Actually, that sounds really fun," I tried to make it sound like I believed what I was saying. Tried. Probably didn't succeed, but at least I tried. "But I owe this one guy a ton of money and I can't afford it. You guys have fun though!"

"What were you going to do for lunch then?" Fin asked as if he was actually concerned.

"I've got a hot date with a pack of spicy chicken Ramen back at my apartment," I smiled confidently but the truth was the thought of eating another pack of too-salty noodles made my stomach churn with defiance. I knew I didn't have a choice, I literally couldn't waste any of my money on food, but there had to be something else out there with more than a four flavor rotating menu that also cost only thirteen cents a meal.

Fin scowled at me again, his eyebrows drew down and the corners of his mouth turned in so that I knew he was serious, but most of all dangerous.

"I'll buy your lunch," he declared and it sounded every ounce the command that it was.

"No, I don't think-" I started with every intention to go from carefully polite to a full on refusal.

"I'll buy it," Britte volunteered before I could come up with any real defense. "I owe you anyway."

"For what?" I raised my eyebrows and waited for her answer, daring her to come up with something. She didn't owe me for anything.

"For that thing, the other day." She countered my eyebrow raise with one of her own and I knew I was defeated. At this point I was just being selfish.

Besides, there was this nervous fluttering in my stomach that insisted I wanted to eat lunch with Fin.

"Fine, you can pay me back. By buying me a huge, gigantic lunch that will distend my stomach and make me gain at least five pounds."

Britte laughed out loud but agreed while Fin and Jameson just shot each other a confused look.

Britte explained, "She's been traumatized by Ramen Noodles."

Fin led the way to the cafeteria through the rain. By the time we navigated the sidewalks and around others running from the weather we were even wetter, my clothes even clingier. We stood panting and catching our breath in the lobby of the cafeteria, dripping water onto an already sodden mat. Well, Britte and I were panting, the boys looked none the worse for wear. Fin and Jameson shook out their hair while Britte and I worked hard at adjusting our clothing and wringing out our own hair.

She was doing much better than me since she had the foresight to wear a jacket today with a hood. Her hair was only damp and her clothes relatively untouched although her skinny jeans were now even more molded to her than before.

Fin was giving me an incomprehensible look as I pulled my tank top away from my skin and fanned it a little bit. His jaw was working back and forth and his arms folded across his chest. All in all, the rain had done nothing but make him more irresistible. His t-shirt clung to all his rigid, sculpted muscles, his eye lashes were spiked with moisture and his hair just damp enough that I had visions of him just out of the shower.

What?

Where did that thought come from?

I needed to pull myself together.

Charlie pushed through the doors at that moment drawing all of our attention to him and another guy I had seen around Fin before. Jameson and Fin said their hellos, and introduced us to Gunner.

"Gunner?" I asked just to make sure I got his name right.

"Not my real name," he admitted seeming just a little bit embarrassed. "It's a nickname."

"He's a sprinter. The hundred and two hundred," Jameson explained. If I hadn't run track in high school I wouldn't have known those were the fastest sprints, so I guessed the nickname made sense.

"My real name is Ben Gunning, but I'm fast," he said matter of factly.

"Good for you," Britte mumbled, but she sounded amused.

Charlie and Gunner must have been hungry because they headed off for the dining room immediately. Jameson and Britte followed and I would have too if Fin hadn't stepped in front of me.

His devilish smile caught me off guard and I smiled back, wondering what he was up to.

"I pissed you off the first day I met you, didn't I?" he asked in a low, rough voice.

"And every day since then," I said dryly but I hadn't managed to wipe off my smile yet.

He took a step forward and slid his hand slowly around my waist. He palm wrapped around my hip gently, carefully, like he was afraid to scare me. I shivered against the warmth of his hand and the closeness of his body. What was he doing to me?

"I want to apologize for how I treated you that day." His dark eyes met mine and held my gaze. He was being sincere. "I didn't mean to scare you or piss you off. I was just desperate to get that money. But that's not an excuse for how I treated you and I'm sorry."

I cleared my throat and processed his words without a whole lot of understanding. He was too close, too overwhelming. "I forgive you," I finally managed.

"Thank you." His head dipped down and he brought me closer to his body. I put a trembling hand to his chest in a weak attempt to push him away but when his nose grazed my cheekbone only to nuzzle against the top of my ear I lost the ability to move completely. "But Ellie, I will never feel bad for suggesting that you to stop dressing like a missionary."

Still stunned by the sound of his voice whispering in my ear, he brought his other hand up and let his fingers brush against my stomach. Eventually reason and understanding penetrated the haze of want fogging all rational thought and I let out a choked sound of indignity.

Pushing him away with two hands I snapped, "You are so full of yourself!" I stomped past him, my cheeks ablaze with blushing and the firm decision to never get that close to Fin Hunter again making my entire body shake.

"It was a compliment!" he called to my back. "I think you want me, Ellie. You can't keep pushing me away!"

"Want to bet?" I called over my shoulder and escaped to the cafeteria, all the while I was afraid he was right.

What was more was why did I have to push him away? What did he want from me? Obviously he was pursuing me? But for what?

I caught up to Britte in line and started immediately filling up my plate. If she wanted to sit with our new "friends" then she was going to have to pay for it.

We separated from the guys as Britte and I made our way to the salad bar. She was nervous, I could tell and so she was playing it safe with a salad. I grew up around older boys, not just my brothers, but their friends too, so I was more comfortable with Fin and his friends than most girls my age. And while I got a salad too- because obviously vegetables were important- I also grabbed a grilled cheese, a piece of pizza, a baked potato and a banana. Perfectly balanced meal.

After Britte did a double take of my tray and then paid for both of us we walked to the dining area where I hoped I could persuade her to sit by ourselves.

"Do you see them?" she asked.

Ok, there went that plan.

"Nope," I said unhelpfully.

"I don't get it," she shook her head and started walking in a random direction. "Fin's obviously into you. What's your holdup?"

"We don't know that he's into me," I argued but she shot me an incredulous look that brokered no argument on her part. "Anyway, I got over Colton pretty easily, but I'm not always going to get over the guy like that. And it's not like Fin is looking to settle down. I'm not the kind of girl that can just have a fling, or one night, or whatever. I'm stuck with him for four more weeks or until this debt is paid off and how awkward would it be to have to work with him after that?"

"Maybe he would just forget all about the debt?" Britte suggested and I really couldn't believe she thought that question all the way through.

"Britte! That makes me a seven thousand dollar hooker! Are you kidding me?" I hissed in a high pitched screech.

Her face fell. "I hadn't thought about it like that, but I see your point."

"Besides, I wouldn't put a seven thousand dollar price tag on my inexperience. Trust me, either would he. And then how weird would that be? What if he was like, now you only owe six thousand? Or worse? Six thousand, eight hundred and seventy five or something weird like that. I would never emotionally recover from that." I was only half-joking. In my head, this was a real possibility.

Britte started laughing at me.

"There," I pointed. "They are over there."

We started making our way through tables and chairs and the masses of college campus life.

"Ok, so no hooking up until after you pay him the money. The money you don't have."

"Exactly."

"So how are you going to keep him off you until then? He's like really into you! I wouldn't be able to keep saying no, if Fin was spending that kind of concentrated energy on me."

"Yeah, well I don't have a choice. I'm probably just going to keep ignoring all his efforts," I shrugged.

"Yeah, that seems to only be challenging him. I think he likes it."

"Well, it probably doesn't help that I made out with him on Monday," I whispered right before we reached the table.

"You did what!" Britte shrieked almost dropping her tray.

"Hey, guys," I greeted diplomatically and then nudged Britte in the back so she would close her gigantic mouth, turn around and sit down.

I moved around her when she didn't read my mind and squeezed in next to Jameson. She finally pulled herself together and sat down on the other side of the table between Fin and Charlie.

I snatched a fry from Jameson's plate before he could stop me and then shot him a big smile when he narrowed his eyes. Fin might have been off limits, but Jameson wasn't.

"So you guys all run track?" Britte asked around a bite of salad.

"Yes," Charlie answered.

"What do you run?" she pressed and I was glad she did because I was just as curious.

"Long jump, high jump and triple jump and then we're all in the four by four," Charlie explained. "Gunner does the short sprints, J does mostly hurdles and the four hundred and then Fin does the longer runs, four hundred, eight hundred, and two mile."

"Not the mile?" I asked Fin.

"We have better runners for that," he shrugged so I turned my attention elsewhere.

"I bet you love the four by four, Gunner," I offered sarcastically.

He made a noise in the back of his throat. "It's stupid. Coach thinks he's pushing me."

"Sprinters," Fin mumbled, sounding disappointed with humanity.

"Four by four, that's when you each run once around the entire track?" Britte asked, not understanding Gunners attitude.

"Exactly," Jameson answered. "Gunner's just a little lazy."

"Too lazy run once around the track?" Britte stared him down, trying to gauge if he was serious or not.

"Gunner thinks the two hundred is too long of a race," Fin grumbed.

"So is this a big meet?" I asked catching Fin's eyes from across the table.

"Regionals," he explained. "So pretty big."

"Guess you won't need me Thursday night then, yeah?" I asked quieter.

"Wrong," he matched my pitch while everyone else started talking around us. "I'm going to give you a key to my apartment and I want you to monitor the Thursday night games until I get home. You can just hang out, keep an eye on everything, and write down the stats like you have been doing. I'll leave my credit card and you can order some food."

"You don't need to do that," I shook my head quickly. I felt like I should complain about working when he wasn't going to be there, but then I realized that my time would count and I wouldn't have to spend time with him.

"Obviously I do," Fin nodded at my plate.

"I'm fine; I just get tired of the same thing. It's nice to have a little variety."

"Then let me give you some variety. I want to Ellie. Don't tell me I can't help you." He practically leveled me with the intensity behind his eyes. He was so fierce, so commanding. I nodded because I couldn't do anything else. Fine, he could buy me dinner. I would order a whole pizza and then eat it myself. I hoped he wasn't expecting me to have something waiting for him.

"So, Els, I have good news for you!" Britte announced from across the table, bringing my attention back to her.

"Yeah?" I asked.

"I'm moving in with you!"

"What? What about your student loan?" Britte and I talked lots about moving in with each other over the last year but part of her student loan was designed specifically for on campus housing. She hated the dorms as much as I had hated living with Tara, but there wasn't a whole lot she could do about it.

"My dad said he would help some with the cost of living and with as much time as I've been spending at Bailey's I can work it." Her eyes were lit up and she was bouncing in her seat. I was just as excited as her.

"So when? When can you move in with me? Tonight?"

"How about next weekend? I need to get through midterms and pack. And then we need to find boys to help do the heavy lifting," she raised her voice on the last part and Jameson and Fin both broke out into smiles. Charlie and Gunner averted their eyes.... smart boys.

"Yes! No more skeevy roommates!" I smiled and then said purposefully. "Just don't steal my identity B, and this will be the greatest partnership of all time!"

"That's not real is it?" Jameson asked, his expression skeptical.

"What? Tara the Terrible? Oh she is very, very real," Britte said with conviction.

"What's real?" Charlie asked.

It was obvious at this moment that Fin explained the situation to Jameson but not to any of his other friends. I wondered what he would do now that I had Britte as a witness.

"My old roommate stole my identity," I explained dryly.

"Holy shit!" Gunner said sympathetically.

"Did you lose a lot of money?" from Charlie.

"Seven thousand dollars and almost all of my furniture," I replied honestly.

"Holy shit!" Gunner repeated with more enthusiasm.

"I know!"

I chanced an "I told you so" look at Fin. He met my gaze but just shook his head like he didn't believe me.

"She was such a bitch," Britte reiterated.

"You met her?" Jameson asked. He seemed thoughtful over the whole thing, not sure whether to believe me or the story Fin told him.

"Lots of times. She never paid her rent on time, she turned their apartment into a gigantic mess and then when she left after hocking everything that was worth something of Els, she booked it out of town and only left a note. She didn't even tell Ellie she was leaving, she told her she was going out to dinner! All Ellie had was a stupid note."

"On the back of my Biology notes," I groaned, remembering that awful night.

"Holy shit!" Gunner, obviously a man of few words.

"Worst day of my life," I groaned.

"It wasn't all bad," Fin said softly. I snapped my eyes up to meet his and stared him down. He was looking at me with the smallest smirk on his face and those heated chocolate eyes.

"It was kind of all bad," I insisted.

"I think some of it was kind of good."

The rest of the table and cafeteria faded into the background while Fin and I shared this back and forth. I hadn't wanted to admit to his flirting before, but he was holding my gaze in his as if it were a physical thing, as if the attraction, the intensity between us could be touched and stoked with the smallest encouragement. He was hard to ignore this time. Ok, impossible.

"Mmm, pretty sure, I'm right." Because I was right. That was a terrible day. He was crazy to even joke about meeting him being good. Ok, truthfully, I didn't hate knowing him now. But that day had been awful.

"Then I'm just going to have to change your mind." His voice dropped to that low, raspy octave again and I wanted to make him keep talking just so I could listen to it for the rest of the day.

"I'd like to see you try," I challenged.

"Ellie, I've been trying." He admitted that and it knocked the breath out of me. "Good thing I don't give up easily."

"Maybe you should," I whispered.

Fin leaned forward, his smirk growing just a little bit more with confidence, "What kind of gambling man would I be if I didn't know when to bet blind?"

"Bet blind?" I asked, my curiosity winning out over my anxiety.

"Bet blind, dark bet, bet in the dark, basically it means I've gambled big before it's my turn," he explained but it still didn't make sense.

"Who's turn is it?"

"Yours and I can't predict what you're going to do, but that hasn't stopped me from throwing my chips in," he leaned forward like he was telling me a secret. "I might not know how you're going to play but I'm confident I can win."

I took a giant bite of grilled cheese dipped in ketchup so I wouldn't have to respond to that right away. Plus I did other mature things, like I avoided eye contact and stole another one of Jameson's fries. Then I smashed the fry into the grilled cheese and dipped it in ketchup again.

"That is the grossest thing I've ever seen," Jameson said with a puckered look on his face.

"She puts ketchup on everything," Britte explained with the same disgusted look. "Even pizza."

"You're really twelve, aren't you?" Jameson teased. "Only little kids put ketchup on everything."

"I like it," I smiled. "Plus, it's good for you."

"How's that?" Jameson asked, clearly amused by me.

"Because of the tomatoes."

"You know that's not how it works, right?" Jameson laughed at me.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw Fin staring at me intently. I had to avoid his eyes, his attention in general. Because every time I felt the urge to look over at him, I also had the urge to tell him I believed he could win too.

Obviously I was out of my mind.

I took one more huge bite of grilled cheese dipped in ketchup and then stood up. "Jameson, text me later about studying. B, I'll call you later. Sorry to bail on you, but I have to go. Now."

Britte shot me a sympathetic smile and I knew she'd been eavesdropping earlier. I stepped away from the table and pulled my backpack on again. Ready to bolt, I gave a quick wave to Charlie and Gunner who had engaged some girls at the end of the table in conversation and then last but not least I waved at Fin.

He was holding out a single key and key ring.

I quirked an eyebrow at him, but he just explained, "For tomorrow night. You can let yourself in whenever, just be there in time to start the game. I'll leave instructions. The game starts at eight, so be there with plenty of time."

"Aye, aye," I saluted sarcastically. And then just to piss him off I said, "Gunner, Charlie, Jameson, have a great meet!"

Chapter Eleven

"Hey mom," I answered my phone against my better judgment as I unlocked Fin's door. I walked in and dropped my backpack on the couch and headed straight to the refrigerator. The door slammed shut behind me.

"Hey, how are you sweetheart?" My mom cooed over the phone. "Are you at home?"

"I'm good." I barely got the words out in a breathy whisper. Inside Fin's refrigerator everything was marked with sticky notes scratched out in his masculine, slanted handwriting. There was a twelve pack of Cherry Coke that said, "I asked Britte what your favorite was." There was a jar of salsa that said, "Chips are in the pantry." There was a ketchup bottle front and center that said, "For your pizza. You should have told me last time."

"I was on the phone with Beckett just five minutes ago and he said he stopped by your apartment but you weren't home. You're not avoiding him, are you? Listen honey, I know you're brothers can be a lot, but they just care about you. That's how they show you that they love you."

I know. I wasn't sure how to answer her without lying to her or snapping at her so I just stayed silent and she kept talking. Apparently she didn't need me to participate to have a conversation.

My mom kept gabbing in my ear, something about something happening at home. I wasn't listening, I was rifling through the pantry. Food was everywhere marked with more sticky notes. My favorite though was on the actual door of the pantry, "Don't even bother looking. You won't find any Ramen Noodles here. This is a Ramen Noodle safe zone."

I smiled. I couldn't help myself. This was the most thoughtful thing anyone had done for me in a long time. And it was just so unexpected from him.

"So what time works for you Saturday?" My mother's curious tone brought me from my melting.

"Um...." I was stalling and I knew that, but I realized I didn't know what my silence agreed to.

"I could be there as early as nine, we could get breakfast or coffee before we go," she pressed.

"Go where? Sorry mom, I was, um, I didn't hear," I confessed and then bit my bottom lip nervously.

"Eleanor," she sighed. "Did you hear anything I said?"

"Everything else," I promised. "I just, um, spaced out. Sorry, it's been a long week." And it would be an even longer night. I was staring at the pile of take-out menus with ratings on them determining what Fin thought I would like best to least. Pizza was on the top. He wasn't fighting fair anymore.

"I'm coming to visit you this weekend. Grayson is letting me stay at his place. I thought we could go shopping Saturday for some apartment accessories, maybe some more clothes. My treat," she sounded as excited as I'd ever heard her.

"Oh, mom, I don't need you to buy me anything. It will just be nice to spend time with you," I said earnestly. Because if she bought me something for the apartment she would want to come over and see it and then she would walk into empty rooms and mismatched dishes and then she might die of a heart attack.

At the very least I would have to explain what happened to it all.

And I couldn't do that.

"Well, let's just start with breakfast and see where the day takes us," she suggested indulgently. Her tone suggested that she would get her way no matter what but she was placating me for now.

"Ok," I sighed. By Saturday I would surely have a game plan. "Breakfast sounds good."

"You sound tired, sweetheart. Are you getting enough sleep? Are you stressed about money?" her voice was all concern and motherly care. It was hard not to feel like a child when she talked to me like that. And not in the condescending way, but in the way where everything I needed was there for me, where I was safe and sheltered from thieving roommates and boys who were threatening to steal my heart.

"I am tired," I admitted. "And I have a lot of work left tonight."

"Alright, then I'll let you go," she sounded disappointed to have to get off the phone and a little icicle of family resentment melted inside my chest. They did love me. And if I reminded myself, I loved them too. "Goodnight, sweetie."

"Night, mom. See you this weekend."

I hung up and then went to work on making a snack and grabbing a Cherry Coke. And then I ordered a pizza to be delivered in an hour and a half using the credit card Fin left behind as promised.

This felt very relationshippy and I wasn't sure what to think about that. But I went with it. I had analyzed Fin's motives and attraction to death inside my head and all I could come up with was that he was attracted to me, I put him off, so he became more intrigued and now he was relentless just to save his ego. Even if he didn't realize that yet.

But my reasons for holding back stood strong. I was not a seven thousand dollar hooker. And I was not emotionally equipped to deal with Fin's fall out. It was much easier to melt into puddles of goo by his chivalry now than it was to sweep up the pieces of my heart when he would be inevitably finished with me.

I took my snack and sat down at the computer, readying Fin's for the game that would start in two hours. I had some work to do on the laptop that was designated for me. And yesterday I started getting bad feelings about one of his players for the big game that would happen in a week.

Tonight there were three smaller ones going on simultaneously with four players in each game. I didn't feel fantastic about any of them, but he would have reminded me that they were playing for small potatoes. He wouldn't let them into the bigger games either and that's why they were playing tonight.

I also checked his Facebook. He still hadn't been on it since he handed over his password to me. It wasn't like I was updating his status, but the messages I sent out were left untouched and he still hadn't said anything to me. If he knew what I was doing he might just strangle me.

That hadn't stopped me from making sure a gaggle of girls were there at his meet tonight. I was shocked by how many messages from his fan club came in wishing him good luck. So of course, I sent each one of them a private message back telling them how much it would mean to me/Fin if they would come cheer me/Fin and Jameson on.

Obviously I included Jameson. He did want a cheer section after all.

I was nothing if I wasn't a good friend and a granter of wishes.

The pizza came right on time and I devoured three fourths of it by the time the games got underway. Monitoring the games was mindless for me. I didn't understand anything that was happening with the cards, and so like Fin said, I just made sure nobody was winning tons of money in huge random chunks, or leaving the game abruptly. Basically I had to make sure things happened slowly and progressively. Easy.

By the end of the game, when the big money would be won, Fin would be here and I wouldn't have to understand what was happening.

I worked on homework in the meantime and took advantage of Fin's cable. I watched four hours of a Real Housewives of New Jersey marathon before Fin walked through the door. He looked exhausted, but he was freshly showered and dressed in his black sweats and a light blue t-shirt.

I realized after four hours of reality TV that I probably looked worse than he did after an all day track meet in the rain.

Bastard.

I wiped the back of my hand across my mouth checking for drool, food particles or anything else abnormal. I stood up and took a step toward him before taking a step back. I didn't really know what to do now but suddenly I was extremely nervous.

"Hey," he greeted. His eyes ran over me, from head to toes. I crossed my arms self-consciously. My v-neck t-shirt was wrinkled and stretched out and my skinny jeans were grease stained from a piece of pepperoni I dropped. Plus after the bowl of ice cream, I snagged one of his hoodies and slipped it on. I thought I would put it back before he got home, but it was so warm and it smelled so good. All in all, this was not my best effort. But Fin stared at me with heated eyes and a relaxed smile on his face, like he was happy to see me. Like he was happy to come home to me.

Ok, crazy person. That was a brain-jump that should never have happened.

I cleared my throat and said, "Hey." I fidgeted with the extremely long sleeves of the hoodie. Ugh, this was so awkward.

"How are the games going?" he asked from where he still watching me near the door.

I pulled my hair over my shoulder and ran my fingers through the tangled bottoms. I had to yank my fingers through a couple times, but it was easier than looking Fin in the eye. "Good, I think. I mean, for as much as I understand poker, no one seems to be working together or throwing the game or anything."

"Good," he said simply. I felt more than saw his gaze leave me and glance around his apartment. "Did you get enough to eat?"

"Yes," I blushed deeply. He was going to think I was a pig if I kept this up. "Thank you for all the snacks and pop and stuff. That was really sweet of you."

He ignored me and walked straight to the kitchen. "And the ketchup? Did you find it?"

"It was kind of hard to miss," I said in a low voice.

Fin opened the refrigerator and then glanced back at me with raised eyebrows. I blushed deeper. He pulled out the left over pizza and put it on a plate to heat it up. There were only three pieces left and I felt really bad since it started out as a large.

"Is that enough food for you? I could make you a sandwich or something," I offered out of guilt.

Fin seemed to take a few moments to think that over while he covered his pizza with a paper towel and put it in the microwave. "Ok, I could eat a sandwich."

I rolled my eyes, but obediently walked into the kitchen and started pulling out bread, lunch meat and cheese. "I only offered out of guilt, I didn't really think you'd say yes."

"You offered to make me a sandwich, I wasn't going to say no," he laughed from behind me. "Besides, you should feel bad. How can someone so small, eat so much?"

I shrugged a shoulder but didn't turn around. I had wondered that my whole life. In fact, I was more worried about dropping dead from a heart attack than gaining weight. Not that that stopped me from changing my diet. But, my arteries had reason to be concerned.

"What do you want on it?" I asked from where I was slicing cheese.

"Ketchup," he answered.

I spun around on my heel, a huge smile plastered from ear to ear. "You like ketchup on your sandwiches too?"

Fin's lips were twitching, his eyes were crinkled slightly in concern but his face was lit up with happiness. "No, I was just kidding. That can't be a real thing. I thought you would know I was teasing you."

My shoulders slumped. "Oh, I should have known.

"It's just ketchup," he argued like I shouldn't be disappointed. And I wasn't really, I was just hopeful to have met another true-ketchup-lover.

"You're right," I forced myself to look unfazed and turned around, back to his sandwich.

He opened the refrigerator and then set the ketchup bottle down beside me on the counter. "Why not? I might as well try it, since you're making me the sandwich."

"Really? You don't have to," I said benevolently. Of course he had to though. It was about to change his life.

"Make me the sandwich you would want to eat," he answered.

Good answer.

"I'll need pickles," I smiled at him. He deserved my smile once more.

He didn't ask questions, just pulled out the dill chips used for burgers. I finished his sandwich with ketchup smeared on one side of the bread, mustard on the other, smoked turkey, sliced Colby cheese and pickles. This was my creation, my favorite sandwich of all time. "Ta-da! The Burgerwich," I announced with flare.

He eyed the plate skeptically but dutifully took it when I held it out for him. He stood next to me at the counter, readying himself to take a bite when I nudged him with my hip.

"You're not going to regret this, Fin," I promised.

He looked up at me from under his thick eye lashes, hovering over his sandwich. An unreadable emotion passed through his dark eyes before he just gave me a confident smirk and sunk into the sandwich. He chewed for a few sEconds before taking an even bigger bite. His head bobbed up and down with approval and he made an "mmm" noise in the back of his throat.

The pizza sat forgotten in the microwave.

"Ok," he mumbled around a bite of food. "I'll give it you. Ketchup on a sandwich makes perfect sense."

"You're welcome for changing your life," I said flippantly. I turned around so that I rested my bum against the counter.

Fin set his sandwich down and stared at me for a moment. "Is that what you think you've done?"

"Yep," I mashed my lips together to hide my smile.

"You are so full of yourself," he grumbled playfully. He stepped around me, resting his hands on the counter by my hips, trapping me against him and the cabinets.

"We have that in common," I laughed. I put my hands lightly on his chest, warning him not to get closer. Or at least that's what I told myself I was doing. Every time I touched the hard, sinewy muscle underneath his t-shirts I practically lost myself in lust.

"What else do we have in common?" he mumbled. He dipped his head down and he ran his nose along my collarbone. His touch was light, tickling and I had to tilt my head to the side against the rush of sensation.

"We both look good in this hoodie," I offered breathlessly.

"That we do," he agreed, moving over to the other side and paying attention to the crook of my neck. His warm breath fanned across my bare skin, his lips grazed my throat softly, teasingly, his hands moved from the countertop to my waist and he grasped me against him. Where his lips were gentle and tender, his grip was rough and needy. "What else?"

"We, uh," it was getting harder to concentrate. I clutched at his shirt so that my hands wouldn't slip around his neck like they were dying to. "We-"

"We both can't stop thinking about that kiss the other day." His voice was a rumble against my ear, low and confident. Before I could deny that, he said, "Ellie I like you in my sweatshirt."

I cleared my throat nervously. He pressed a kiss to my jawline.

He was making me jelly.

"I like when you make me a sandwich."

"Well, duh," I giggled nervously. My breath was as shaky as my resolve. "Anybody would like me to make them a sandwich."

He nipped playfully at my earlobe and I shivered violently leaning into him until his bite became a wet kiss, sensual.... sexy.

"I like you," he finally admitted and his tone was so serious, so truthful that I wanted him to take it back immediately.

Those words were the cold bucket of ice I needed. Because no matter what I still owed him money. And even though he liked me I instinctively knew he couldn't let go of this debt. He needed the money for something important, or necessary, and definitely soon otherwise he wouldn't have gone to these great lengths to get it from me. He could have pursued legal methods, but that would have taken time. He could have gone to the police, or my brothers, but he valued the money over teaching me a lesson.

"Fin, why do you need the money? Why is it so important," I asked, my voice as neutral as I felt right now.

He sighed, long and tired against my neck and then rested his forehead on my shoulder. He was defeated and he knew it. I wondered how he would answer me, but that wasn't nearly as important as reminding me of what our relationship really consisted of.

After several moments of silence, he backed away from me and went back to his sandwich. "I have a down payment deadline of April twenty sixth. I have to make it or I lose something big."

Vague, but truthful. I could appreciate that.

"And you're seven thousand dollars short?" I pressed.

"I'm working it out, Ellie. It's not really your business," he was snappish with me. He hadn't been short and rude since the first time we met and I felt my guard go up immediately.

"You're right, it's not."

He ate the rest of his sandwich in silence and I returned to the computer. I had about twenty minutes left but the boundaries had been rebuilt so I felt safe. I was disappointed he didn't want to be completely honest with me, but he didn't really have a reason to.

This solidified that what he felt between us was just a curious attraction. I was an itch that needed to be scratched and nothing more.

It shouldn't hurt, because I knew this all along, but it did. And I hated myself for being such so sensitive. And I hated the clenching in my heart that felt a little like heartbreak. It wasn't very much, and I knew I would be able to recover easily. But still, disappointment mingled with an aching loss and huge parts of me just wanted to go home, break into my emergency stash of Snickers and crawl under the covers.

So in order to hide all that pitifulness, I changed the subject. "How was the meet?"

A few more moments of silence and then Fin finally said, "Good. I made it to the semi-finals in every one of my races. So did our four by four."

"Those are tomorrow?" I asked.

"Yes."

"And the finals are Saturday if you make it?"

"Yes."

"Good luck."

"Thanks."

"So, do you want me to stay? Or can I take off? You just have to end the last two games and write in the stats. If you just save the screen shots, I can do it when I come back on Monday."

Conversation had always been easy between us, even when he was yelling at me. Now everything felt stilted and forced. I could feel the tension clouding the air around Fin. And I felt small and used for every moment I hung around here. Maybe I shouldn't have reminded Fin why I was here, but the alternative was worse. I was protecting my integrity, yes. But mostly my heart.

He had to know that.

"How about Sunday? I have some field work that I need you for." He was pressing buttons on the microwave again, going back to the pizza.

"Sorry, that doesn't work for me," I said simply while gathering my belongings into my backpack.

"What do you mean that doesn't work for you?" Fin bit out. He turned back to face me, arms crossed across his chest, stance wide. Fin was ready to attack, this stance I knew well.

So I went for outright honesty, "My mom's coming to visit this weekend and I don't want her anywhere near you and this deal. She would kill me if she found out about it and worse she would tell my brothers."

"Ah, I keep forgetting I'm your dirty little secret," Fin laughed bitterly.

"Of course this is a secret!" Suddenly I was extra exasperated. Was he serious? Did he think I would advertise that I was a sucker who let an unstable addict live with me, steal my identity and then move out with all of my pride, possessions and dignity? "They can never find out about Tara. They would force me to move home with them and lock me up for the rest of my life."

"Back to this?" he growled. "Ellie, just own up to it! I wouldn't make any money if I let people just walk away without paying their debts. And fine, you're different from everybody else, I'll admit that, but I need this money more than I've ever needed any other debt. And this is a big debt! I need you to take this seriously."

"You need me to take this seriously? Are you kidding me? I am taking this seriously! You are the one flirting with me! You're the one kissing me!" I yelled at him. I couldn't believe he had gotten me this worked up! I was a nice person, a calm, rational, pacifying person. And yet here I was yelling at Fin like a crazy person.

Not that I wasn't justified.

It was mostly out of character.

"You're making me crazy," he winced and I felt like he stole the words from me.

I shot around to face him, ready to give him hell, but he looked so miserable, so pathetic I lost my steam. He was staring at his shoes, running his hands through his hair.

"I should go." I couldn't look at him when he was like that. He made me want to comfort him instead of punch him in the nuts and I should definitely prefer vindictiveness over compassion right now for my own sake.

He didn't reply, just sighed as if defeated. Finally he nodded, but kept his attention on his shoes. I walked over and picked up my backpack and then marched for the door.

I yanked on the door handle, prepared to make a fantastic exit but his hand shot out over me, holding the door in place.

"I'm sorry, Ellie," his voice was so sincere, so low that my heart stung with sympathy.

"Fin, it's not important. Let's just drop it," I groaned. Leaning my hip against the door, I turned to face him. "We are never going to agree, so let's stop trying."

"Please listen to me, I don't want to fight with you," he promised. His brown eyes were the darkest I had seen them, pitch black and full of soul. His hair was mussed from his tugging on it and fell across his forward in messy angles. I wanted to brush my fingers through it. The desire was so strong I had to clasp my hands behind my back, gripping both elbows as tightly as I could.

"Alright, Fin," I whispered. "I'll listen."

"I like you, I haven't made that a secret," he began and I the urge to run made my feet itch. I did not need to hear him say more. "But this money is very important to me. And I would never have put you in this position unless it was. I've treated you unfairly, and you're right. I can't have both, at least not right now. So no more making out, no more flirting with you. I'll be good, I promise."

I made a disbelieving sound in the back of my throat, but I really hoped he was serious. This would be good for both of us.

"Are you going to tell me what you need the money for yet?" I asked tentatively, on the off chance he felt guilty enough to open up.

"Not yet," He stared down at me, so grave and serious.

"One day?" I whispered.

"Probably," the smallest smile turned his lips up. "If you keep asking, then probably."

I smiled back at that.

"I'm walking you to your car," he announced, his tone not allowing for an argument.

"No kisses goodnight," I reminded him. I opened the door and he followed out into the stairwell. He propped his door open with a brick that sat just inside his apartment.

So softly so I almost didn't hear him, he said, "Tonight. No kisses goodnight.... tonight."

"Hmm?" I asked, daring him to repeat that.

"I promised I would be good," he reminded me with no trace of humor in his voice.

And true to his word he walked me down all the flights of stairs and out into the parking lot. He didn't touch me once, not even the guiding hand on my lower back I was getting used to.

At my car, he made sure I got in safely and that it started. Then he waited some more while I awkwardly pulled out of my parking spot-awkwardly, because he was watching me and that translated into me being a terrible driver because I was so nervous- and then stayed standing there, in the middle of his parking lot, until I was on the street and driving away from him.

I ignored the parts of my body that were disappointed he hadn't tried to touch me again. And I completely disregarded the loss my heart felt that he was truthful with me, that he was trying to honor our bargain.

He was supposed to kiss me again, damn it! Didn't he know how to read my mind??

Chapter Twelve

Ok. I could do this. Two more hours of family time and I would be free. I just had to get through lunch at Grayson's. A monologue about my failures from my mother. And Beckett's interrogation. Easy peasy.

"Grayson, we brought you something," my mother announced when he opened the door to his apartment. He was in his Grayson glory in athletic shorts and a high school wrestling t-shirt that was snug now across his shoulders. His hair wasn't brushed, but it was short enough that it only kind of stood up at odd angles, and he was wearing his glasses instead of contacts, they weren't as cool as Fin's, but they did make him look smarter.

"Thanks for dressing up, Gray," I snorted when I walked past him. I was of course in the new clothes my mom bought me, a showpiece to all her hard work this weekend.

We spent all of Saturday shopping. She was relentless in her pursuit to spend money on me. I eventually gave in, but only because I was able to distract her from housewares by expressing my desperation to have new clothes. To my surprise she didn't have one negative thing to say about my new "style." She even helped me find cute outfits that were less.... missionary.

"You look different, Els," he said in an accusing tone.

"You look the same," I snarked back, immediately on the defensive. "I thought grad students were supposed to dress for success?"

"Grad students spend seventy percent of their life studying, grad students are lucky if they remember to get dressed," he intoned back.

"I think she looks stunning," my mother cut in. She was standing in the open kitchen admiring both of us with an amused smile. It was like we were the most adorable thing she'd ever seen. "Ellie's always dressed too mature for her age. This new look is more attractive."

Oh my gosh, even my mother thought I was dowdy!

Grayson didn't miss that either. He barked out a laugh and then said, "And by mature, she means you two could swap clothes, Els."

"Oh, now I get it." My mom tsked at my sarcasm and Grayson smiled at me.

"We brought lunch," mom patted the counter where she had laid our deli lunch out on platters and in appropriate bowls. Grayson probably would have protested the use of all his dishes except he knew mom would stick around and wash them too.

"Where's Beckett?" I asked. I walked over to Gray's refrigerator and grabbed a bottle of water before taking a seat at his table.

Grayson's apartment was a ton nicer than mine, but not many weren't. He had new appliances and new carpet. His apartment building was in a nicer part of town and actually not that far from Fin's. Although Fin's was trendy and modern, Grayson's was comfortable and very, very new. Gray had also inherited a lot of furniture from our extended family. Money was spread through the ranks of the Harris's and whenever one of us moved out on our own, every kind of relative would swoop in to add a piece of their outdated furniture. Outdated meant last season, since every woman, including my mother seemed to be in the constant process of remodeling this room or updating that room.

I was determined to be different.

However, it was nice to have all that free furniture.

Was nice. In the severely past tense.

Grayson checked a text and then answered my question, "He just pulled up. He only just got home."

"Did they win this weekend?" Beckett had been traveling for baseball since Thursday.

"Of course," my mother answered like there was no other outcome.

The door opened and Beckett stumbled in. He looked like hell. His eyes were tired and bloodshot, his mouth drawn in a grim line. His shoulders sagged and his hair was.... askew. The several days of beard growth along his jaw did not improve his Grizzly Adams appearance. He was wearing his team warm up pants and a long sleeved baseball t-shirt that had his name and number on the back.

"Ack!" I screeched. "You are scary looking!"

He gave me the evil eye and sunk down into a chair at the table. He put his head directly into his hands and immediately started snoring.

"Is he serious?" I asked Grayson.

Grayson walked over and pushed at his elbow so that his hands flew apart and his face met the table with a loud smack. I bit my lip to keep from bursting into laughter while Beckett jumped up and started chasing Grayson around the room. He was now sporting a huge red mark across his forehead and the bridge of his nose to go along with all the rest of the disheveledness.

"Boys," my mother sighed. "Settle down, let's eat."

"You are so dead," Beckett growled.

"You've never been able to keep up with me, what makes you think you can now?" Grayson taunted while jumping over the couch. I admired his form, he would have made a good hurdler.

Beckett was close behind him though and almost got hold of his shirt. They continued to chase each other around the apartment while I walked into the kitchen to help my mom set the table.

"They are grown, Ellie. Do you ever think they'll act like grownups?" My mother sounded exasperated. "Grayson, stop that and come eat. Leave your brother alone!"

At that moment Grayson stopped running and turned just a bit while flinging out a stiff arm. Beckett collided with Gray's perfectly placed forearm at his throat and fell back to the ground, choking and sputtering.

Grayson walked over Beckett's limp body and joined us at the table. Beckett slowly started breathing normally again and rolled over so he could crawl up to his hands and knees.

"Even I saw that coming, Becks." I had no sympathy for the clothesline. It was a classic move and Grayson had been pulling it on Beckett since I was a baby. It was his own fault if he didn't anticipate it.

He groaned something in reply, still wheezing and hyperventilating.

"Beckett honestly, the chicken is getting cold," my mother said dryly.

Beckett crawled over to us and then dragged himself into his chair. I stifled a laugh at the purple color of his face and my mom's puckered up expression of disgust.

"I thought you grew out of this behavior," she said quietly while the dishes of food were passed around.

"Me too," I offered helpfully. "I'm ashamed of you both."

Beckett and Grayson grunted something unintelligible but kept their eyes on their food. We ate and listened to Beckett recount his weekend of games, telling us of his glory. Grayson and my mom stayed rapt in his story but my attention wandered.

I understood every sport thanks to growing up in a house full of boys, but I couldn't really enjoy many of them. I watched track finals sometimes, when they were on TV and I happened to be near one. And I was glued to the Olympics every four years. But for the most part I enjoyed an easy-going lifestyle that was free of competition.

My brothers were the opposite.

And for every glory moment Beckett had this weekend, Grayson had one just as great or better during his glory days. And if Lennox was here the one-upping would have been out of control.

Still they were all proud of each other in that I'm-never-going-to-tell-you way.

"Is most of the family coming down for Regionals?" Beckett asked and that got my attention.

"Yes, I think so. We're renting a condo and so is your Aunt Candy and Uncle Brent. Between the two houses, I think they're completely full. The twins and Carter want to stay with you Grayson. And I think Whitney and Catherine are hoping to stay with you, Ellie." My mom had this casual way of telling me my apartment had just been given away to two of the snobbiest people in the state.

And even though they were cousins around my age, there was no way I could even wrap my head around an entire weekend with those two. When I was in junior high they looked down on me because I owned a dress from Old Navy. And when I was a senior in high school they sneered at my at my boyfriend because he wasn't going Ivy League, at me because I had a partial scholarship, at my spring break destination and anything and everything else they could. I couldn't let them into my apartment under any circumstances.

The thing was, my parents had the least amount of money out of their siblings and so we were already pitied. If those girls got near my unfurnished apartment or were forced to ride in my seven year old car, I would never hear the end of it!

"Which weekend is it?" I asked casually.

"Next," my mother replied.

That was good news. "I can make it to all of Beckett's games, but they can't stay with me. Britte is moving in with me that weekend."

"Oh Britte is moving in with you?" my mother asked sounding like she approved. But she still asked, "But are you sure that's wise?"

"Do you need help moving?" Grayson asked. He was the sweetest of all my brother's, always offering help before I could ask for it.

"No, I think she asked some of her guy friends," I improvised. She had let me know immediately after lunch last week that she enlisted Fin and Jameson and possibly Charlie, but he was more like a soft yes. Which boy speak said strong no.

"I don't mind helping," Grayson pushed.

"I'll call you if we need you," I smiled up at him. There was no way I was letting him in the same room as Fin. Even if Fin was on his best behavior, the whole scenario spelled disaster for me.

"Who are the guys that are helping?" Beckett asked and I could have killed him.

"Some of Britte's friends," I repeated. I didn't want to lie, but I would to save my own ass. Most likely that made me a coward.

"I'm one of her friends, she didn't ask me," Beckett sneered.

Oh no. Not this again. "You're not one of her friends. You're not even one of my friends. Plus, last time you saw her, you yelled at her!"

"Beckett!" My mother gasped. "You yelled at Britte? That's not like you."

Beckett rubbed two hands over his face and mumbled something I couldn't understand. Grayson watched him carefully, which set off all kinds of alarm bells in my head. Beckett was one thing, but Grayson paying attention was an entirely different/worse thing.

Sometimes my brothers got along. And sometimes, in situations far and few between, they really got along. Usually, when all three of my brothers stood together, united in some cause, they were unstoppable. Most of the time, because they protected me above most other things, this worked out for me, like when they beat up Colton after he dumped me. But on the rare occasion, when they teamed up, or like now, when Grayson bailed Beckett out for who knows what reason, I was sacrificed for a greater cause, given to the wolves, thrown under the proverbial bus.

"I saw you eating lunch with Hunter last week, Ellie." Grayson's voice dropped to a fatherly pitch that made it clear how disappointed he was in me.

"Hunter?" Beckett snapped, his hands not in front of his face anymore and furiously gripping the table.

"Mmm, which day?" I asked, hoping for vague.

"Why? Do you eat lunch with him often?" Beckett grated.

Shoot. "Oh, you must mean Wednesday." I shoved a bite of fried chicken in my mouth.

"Who is this Hunter anyway?" My mom looked betrayed, like I kept some huge secret from her on purpose. Ok, it was on purpose....

"He's a guy, from, uh, school." I averted all their eyes.

"That you eat lunch with?" My mother, the detective.

"Once, I ate lunch with him once. And really, I was just tagging along. Britte wanted to eat lunch with them and she bought my lunch." There, now I was throwing people under the bus.

"Them?" My mom and Beckett asked together.

"Fin and his friends. They all run track together. Jameson McKay, Charlie Ryan and Gunner Gu-, no Ben Gunning." My mother started to ask more questions but my brothers made grumbling sounds of disapproval. "We're just friends."

"But he wants to be more," Grayson asked, suddenly calm and collected. Where Beckett was all impulsive anger and reactive action, Grayson was thoughtful and calculating. Silence and reserve were deadly on Grayson.

"I don't know what he wants," I answered honestly. And I didn't. After last Thursday when he went from acting like my boyfriend to practically recoiling from my touch. I officially had no idea what he wanted.

Beckett snorted. "How many times do I have to tell you, he's bad news, Els?"

"You've told me enough times. However many it's been, that's been enough. What do you have against him anyway?"

"Plenty," Beckett growled.

"What does that even mean?" I sighed, giving my mom a beseeching glance.

"It means whatever it is was probably over a girl and he's embarrassed to talk about," Grayson interpreted.

"Oh, Ok. I get it." I smirked at Beckett even though the idea of Fin with another girl was giving me indigestion. I knew that didn't make sense since I had been reminding myself that he was with other girls frequently. Earlier today I had even confirmed- as Fin- for a date later tonight.

But now it made me feel all icky inside.

"It wasn't over a girl," Beckett defended.

"Beckett, dear," my mom looked at him over the bridge of her nose and he slunk down into his chair with his arms crossed. Classic Beckett pout.

"Fine, it was over a girl," he mumbled.

With that settled we fell into easy conversation and I was thankful the issue of Fin wasn't brought up again, although both of my brothers were giving me discerning looks.

After lunch Beckett fell asleep on Grayson's couch while mom and I took over the dishes and Grayson chatted with us some more in the kitchen. Once the dishes were done and the food stored away I felt like I could escape without making much fuss. I walked casually over to my purse and picked it up.

"I better go, I have to study," I announced.

"Oh, I suppose," mom sighed but she stepped forward to give me a hug. "We will see you next weekend. And if you can get away, your father and I are going to fly to Beckett's super-regionals; we would love for you to come. It's not for a while yet though, you have time to think about it."

"I'll think about it. It probably depends on how long you'll be gone and what week it is." Or I probably wouldn't think about it.

"I'll walk you down, Els," Grayson offered. Which was nice, but maybe too nice.

"Ok. Bye, Becks!" I called over my shoulder and got a grunt and a half wave in return.

Down in front of my car, Grayson looked me over trying to read something again. I crossed my eyes at him, hoping he would stop but he just smiled at me like I was an entertaining child.

"I have something I want you to give to Hunter tomorrow," Grayson instructed once I had my keys out.

"I probably won't see him." Complete lie. My pants were about to start on fire.

"Don't you have class?"

"Well, yes." This felt like a trap.

"Then your chances of seeing him are greater than my chances. He'll be around campus, just find him, give him this," he held up a white, sealed envelope, "And then you've done me a favor. I'll owe you."

"Oh great," I enthused dryly. "Can't wait to cash in on that."

He ignored my sarcasm, "Will you give it to him?"

"If I can find him," I agreed and then snatched the envelope from his hand.

"Ellie," Grayson started and I knew it was going to be serious because "Ellie" was basically my first, middle and last name to Grayson who only ever called me "Els." "I don't think he's the guy that Beckett thinks he is."

He let that sink in until I was forced to finally say, "Ok."

"But from what I know of him, he's not good enough for you either." His tone was so solemn, so sincere that I had to agree with him.

"Ok."

He studied me for a moment longer and I fought not to cringe under his intensity. "See you later, Els," he finally said and then pulled me into a bear hug.

"Yeah, later Gray."

I turned my phone on as soon as I got home. I had it shut off the entire weekend just on the off chance Fin would happen to text while I was with my mom or brothers. That would be hard for other people, not being connected for several days in a row, but it was easy for me. I liked hiding out, not answering texts or phone calls. It was freeing.

Besides, Britte had been holed up all weekend studying and she was the only one I cared about hearing from anyway.

The texts started pouring in as soon as my phone had a chance to warm up.

I waded through Britte's study break gibberish and random Biology facts and ignored the two from Colton. I could only imagine what he had to say to me. There was one from Beckett about lunch earlier, but I guess he figured that out and one from my dad telling me how much he wished he could have come down with mom this weekend. There was even one from Lennox with another offer to pay my rent.

I texted back to that one. It said: middle finger.

And then there were the ones from Fin....

Friday he said this: I hate how we left things yesterday. I'm not that much of a jackass.

Then Saturday afternoon, I got all these spaced several minutes apart: I took Regionals in 400, 800 and 1600. 4X4 made it too.

Nothing?

I wasn't bragging....

I'm looking more like a jackass every sEcond, huh??

Finally today, he must have had enough because I got these lovelies: I get it. And I AM sticking to my word. I'm just trying to make things NOT awkward.

Fine.

They stopped for a while and then thirty minutes ago he sent this: Tomorrow meet me at the track at 8:30. Wear running clothes and shoes. Don't argue with me.

I rolled my eyes. He was such a girl. Yeesh.

So I texted him back: You are such a girl! yeesh!

My phone was off all weekend. I literally just got your texts.

He didn't text back right away so I started getting ready to study. I pulled out my books, changed into sweats, made myself a snack, which would double as an early dinner; leftovers a la mom. And when he still hadn't texted back I decided that he was trying to initiate payback.

I felt bad that he thought I was blowing him off or ignoring him because of our talk the other night. But only because he seemed so worried about it and he had a way of getting me wrapped up in his emotions.

It was probably for the best anyway. I did not need to spend a weekend texting Fin back in front of my family. They would have no doubt figured it out and then sent me to a convent.

Did people still do that?

That would make a good study break activity. Note to self, google "sending away to convent."

Finally the studying came to a close and my stomach was mostly satisfied. I brushed my teeth, washed my face and then crawled into bed.

Just as I was plugging my phone in for the night-unnecessary, but habit- Fin texted back. I noticed it was eleven thirty. The realization came to me that I sent Lara Karston over there this evening and I couldn't help but wonder if he was just now finishing with her.

Oh gross.

His text said: I'm not a girl.

So I had to text back: Are you sure? You have so many emotions. You kind of seem like a girl.

It's you. YOU make me have all these emotions. They're driving me crazy.

Shouldn't have blamed me for losing 7k. This is what you get when you falsely accuse someone.

This is what I get with you.

I was at a loss so I pulled out the big guns and texted back: middle finger.

I don't know what that means. But I do have a way for you to get out of this deal we have going on. Are you going to come to the track prepared?

I'm always prepared. I was never prepared. But this felt like a standoff and it was important I appeared tough.

Good.

Good.

See you tomorrow Ellie.

Whatever. Psht. Obviously I won that round.

And even though I was snarky and rude, I couldn't wipe the wide, happy smile off my face. It was fun to flirt with Fin.

Way too much fun.

Chapter Thirteen

The days were getting longer at the early part of April, but eight thirty still meant almost darkness. The track lights were on, and flooded the red surface of the track and football field of green grass in the middle. The arena was still messy from the long regional meet over the weekend. The big heavy mat from pole vaulting lay askew near the triple jump and the hurdles were stacked neatly on top of each other and in long rows but just barely out of the way of the track.

I stretched under the lights not exactly sure what Fin was planning. Last week we decided that I would spend my required time tonight at his apartment working on tasks. His text threw me, but his promise for a way out of my predicament intrigued me enough to be anxious for whatever he was planning.

The track was nearly empty tonight. The lights would be turned off soon, and those lagging runners seemed to be finishing up their runs before leaving for the night.

He was late. I fixed my hair, redoing my high ponytail so it was tighter. And then I stretched some more.

When he finally appeared on the far side of the track I realized I was nervous. And not just for his proposition. I hadn't seen him in days.... I was nervous to be near him.

My stomach was jittery and jumpy, my skin tingled with anticipation and I repressed the urge to redo my hair.... again.

I tried to avoid this, tried to stop it from happening.... but I was falling for Fin Hunter.

I wondered if I ever had a chance.

He stalked forward, purpose and intent written all over his determined face. His eyes were almost black with some unnamed emotion and his body rigid like he was preparing to attack.

I stood still, frozen in place by anticipation. "Hey," I called out weakly, but he just cut a look at me and shook his head.

Finally he was standing over me, just inches away. He looked down at me, trapping me in the gravity of his body. He lifted a hand and for a moment I thought he was going to touch me, but it turned into an accusing finger and he said, "You, Ellie Harris, are a troublemaker."

Sputtering and noticing that his intensity was driven by anger; I choked out, "What? Me? Why?"

"Girls have been showing up at my door for the past two weeks!" his voice raised just a little bit and I let out a snicker of laughter before I could stop myself. He gave me a glaring look and continued, "I thought I was losing my mind. I thought I was somehow flirting with all these girls, giving them the impression I was asking for this!"

His rant only made me want to laugh harder, so I mashed my lips together and waited for him to finish.

"I had no idea most of those girls were into me! I thought we were friends." His eyes narrowed and he said, "Not anymore."

"Why's that?" I asked innocently.

"It's hard to stay friends after you...." he trailed off and looked away, embarrassed suddenly.

Oh. Oh no. I sent them there to tease him, and because he was crazy if he thought those girls only wanted friendship. They were sending him private Facebook messages practically propositioning him. And at the time I assumed he was the kind of guy to behave like that.

But now....

Now that he came clean about it, I found I was very disappointed in him.

And suddenly really, really sick to my stomach.

"I suppose it is," I sniped. "So why am I here Fin? How can I get out of this debt?" I sounded bitter even to my own ears and I flushed with humiliation. I made this bed, now I had to lie in it.... I just really didn't want to.

"Are you mad at me?" he asked incredulously.

"No."

"You're mad at me," he sounded shocked, completely in disbelief.

"I just think it's unfair how you treated all those girls. I was just teasing you, I never expected you to.... you know." He was going to realize how much I liked him, in this very moment. He was going to realize how pathetic I was. Jealousy was never attractive. To save myself I threw out, "It just seems kind of cruel."

"Wait," he demanded, taking a step closer to me. "You're upset that I didn't sleep with them? That seems cruel to you?"

His words sunk in slowly as if my brain was having a hard time comprehending them, like it refused to believe the meaning of what he was saying. "I don't understand," I finally admitted. "You didn't sleep with them?"

"Why would you think I slept with them?" he asked more dumbfounded than ever. Before I could answer he got a little bit louder and said, "You think I slept with all of them? All five of them in three weeks?"

"Well, no, I mean...." Uh oh. He was seething now. "I have three brothers!" That was the weakest defense and I knew it, but still.

"So what? Just because you're three brothers treat girls like trash doesn't mean I'm going to. Is that what you think of me? That's really how you think I would react to random girls, I barely know, showing up on my doorstep?" He wasn't shouting, in fact his voice had gone perilously soft, his body dangerously still.

"Ok, not all of my brothers would do that. Probably just Beckett," I amended my argument before I addressed the rest of his defense.

"Well, Beckett has a.... short attention span," he agreed, his face softening just a teeny bit. "Do you really think I'm that bad, Ellie? Do you think I'm just like Beckett?"

No, I didn't. Maybe at first, but not anymore. Not for a while. I sighed and then admitted, "Maybe at first, but I don't anymore. It was a joke, it got out of hand. I'm.... I'm sorry." And now I felt terrible. Great.

He gazed down at me for almost a full minute, probably trying to decide if I was serious or not. "Did I pass?"

"Excuse me?"

"It was a test wasn't it?" his voice was relaxed and almost playful. He was making me nervous again, I didn't trust him. "Did I pass?"

"I suppose you did," I admitted, but my eyes were narrowed at him.

"Good," he sighed, but then his expression went grim again, "But Ellie, don't do that again. I won't be as understanding and it's not nice to involve other people in our relationship."

"We don't have a relationship," I retorted quickly, automatically. But then I softened too, "But you're right. It's not and I won't."

"Good," he repeated. "Now we can get to why we're really here. How you can get out of this debt."

"How's that?" I waved him on with a lazy hand.

He smiled down at me. "The same way you got into it, a bet."

"What do you mean?" The hair on the back of my neck stood up and my fingers started to tremble with anticipation. I realized for the first time that Fin was dressed for running too, with black athletic shorts, a gray t-shirt and his running shoes.

"Once around the track, you win, I'll release you from the debt completely," he offered magnanimously. In my head I was screaming for this opportunity all the while I was talking myself out of it because of how ridiculous the chances were. He just won regionals for the four hundred. The best I ever did was third at state.... for girls and that was two years ago. There was no way.

But still, I played, "What do you get?"

"A date." His serious tone made it clear he would not be convinced of something else. This was what he wanted, this was what he was going to get.

"A date? We spend two nights a week together," I argued. "Plus, you buy me dinner all the time."

"A real date Ellie, separated from all this bullshit we're tangled up in. You let me take you out," Fin was steely and sure. "And we don't let any of this get in the way."

I was wavering, because this was starting to sound like a win-win. "But I thought you needed the money?"

His jaw ticked with frustration, but he said, "I'll figure it out. This is for you. Take it or leave it."

"I want to take it," I admitted and I watched his shoulders relax noticeably. "But you have to realize this isn't fair. You are one of the fastest people on the planet, how exactly is this evenly matched?"

"On the planet?" he laughed.

"Ok, that I've ever met."

"I'm giving you the inside lane and I'm going to run backwards," he finished matter of factly.

"Yikes, don't spare my pride or anything," I grumbled. But it was actually starting to sound fair.

"You're fast, Ellie. This should be easy for you."

It should be if he was running backwards. He was right. Plus, he was giving me a fight, not just backing down. I could leave with my integrity.

"Ok," I finally admitted in an uneasy voice. "I'll take your bet."

A smile broke out on his face, blinding and bright. His hair was perfectly tussled, his eyes dark and twinkling. Fin Hunter was staggering. I let out an unsteady breath and hoped he assumed it was from nerves.

"Go line up, I'm going to stretch first," he instructed.

I walked over to the starting line of the inside lane and did a few more calf stretches and then some high knees to warm up. The lights were still bright above me but the night beyond them was pitch dark. We were alone in the stadium, the only ones left on the track.

I breathed deeply a few times. I was really nervous for this. My fingers weren't trembling anymore they were shaking. I felt the familiar nausea I always dealt with before every one of my races in high school. My throat itched, my forehead started sweating and my mouth salivated excessively.

I was going to puke.

Yep, it was time for a race.

Several times throughout my high school career I would vomit as soon as the race was over. It was like I got myself so worked up, so full of adrenaline that after it was over I had to get rid of it somehow.

My coach always had a paper bag waiting for me just off the finish line.

I hadn't raced since I was in high school. This was going to be really embarrassing if I puked all over Fin.

"Alright, let's go over the winnings one more time," Fin said, taking his place in the sEcond lane, just a few feet ahead of me.

"Uh, su-sure," I stuttered. Fin had lost his shirt over on the bench and was facing me all toned, long muscles and perfect abs. Holy hell, he was perfection. His arms and torso were elongated with sinewy muscles that rippled and stretched with every movement. His h*ps narrowed at his waist, pushing forward muscles I didn't know existed. His broad shoulders flexed as he swung his arms around in more stretches. I bit my lip at the trail of darker hair making a path from his belly button to shorts and ahem, lower.

This was cheating.

He was cheating.

How in the world did he expect me to run now? I couldn't even breathe! I was panting like I already ran around the track and now he wanted me to compete for a prize?

Bastard.

Fin continued as if I wasn't drooling at the sight of him, "If you win, I erase your seven thousand dollar debt, you can stop working for me and we can forget your little gambling fiasco ever happened."

"Because it never happened," I picked my jaw up off the floor and replied self-righteously.

He returned a taunting smile which helped me remember what I was doing and where I was. I was about to kick his ass.

"If I win, you go on a date with me. I get to choose the night, the location and the time-frame," he finished and his eyes were twinkling again as if the victory was already his. "I'll even let you count us off."

"How generous."

"Are you ready?" he asked, provoking me again.

"Are you ready?" I asked. My eyes flickered to his chest again and I felt a weight press against my chest. I wasn't ready. Not when he stood just feet away from me, his back to the track, poised to run. He was all male sexiness and all I wanted to do was forget the bet and lick his body from navel to earlobe.

Oh, gosh. Where did that thought come from???

"Count off, Ellie. Whenever you're ready," Fin reminded me.

I shook my head a little to focus. I could do this. I could beat him. I could play his game.

And then it hit me.

His game.

At which two could play.

If he wanted to be a cheater, so be it. But I also had cheating ways. I got into position, my knees bent, my feet poised; but instead of staring at the track ahead of me, visualizing my win, I stared straight into Fin's eyes and held his gaze.

"On your mark," I started, breathlessly.... seductively. My fingers grabbed the edge of my athletic t-shirt and I tugged it up just enough to reveal my stomach.

Goosebumps immediately pebbled across my skin and the cool night air against my belly made me tense up, my muscles going taught with strain. But being uncomfortable was worth it. Already Fin's eyes had widened, his pupils dilating and his tongue darting out to nervously swipe at his bottom lip. Which only encouraged me.

"Get set," I continued in that same airy voice, but this time it was more from nerves than anything else. I pulled my shirt off all the way, revealing myself in just a sports bra and shorts. My pony tail whipped around my neck, tickling my shoulders, the goose bumps covered all of my skin now and I embarrassingly felt my n**ples push against the thin material of my sports bra. It wasn't like I'd never worked out in a sports bra before, but this wasn't a normal workout. I was on display for Fin and he was devouring every inch of me with his eager gaze.

Fin became raptured, coming to a full stand, his shoulders and jaw slacking. His brows were drawn in confusion but his eyes were wide with wonder.

I had him right where I wanted him.

"Go!" I squealed and then took off, right past him as he stared after me, still confused.

The silence of the night seemed to settle over me. My limbs stretched and ached as I took long strides, pushing my body to its limits. I would win this bet. I had to.

Suddenly my feet were not the only ones pounding the pavement. I heard Fin sprinting after me, his feet going twice as fast as mine. I knew he couldn't be running backwards, but I didn't want to take the precious time to turn around and check. I pushed harder, panting for breath, forcing my feet to move faster.

A strong arm looped around my waist suddenly, plucking me up and against Fin's chest. I let out a shriek of surprise and then wiggled against his hold out of instinct. He stopped running but turned and walked three purposeful strides to one of the high jump mats laying a few feet away.

This made me nervous.

"You're a cheater, Ellie," Fin rasped into my ear.

His chest was heaving, moving up and down against my back. His hot arm was pressed against my bare stomach and his body was firm and unyielding with so much tension I was afraid.

"How did I cheat?" I asked, but my voice was no more than a whisper of nerves.

A gentle finger stroked my stomach from where his one arm covered my belly button to the bottom of my sports bra. "Stripping is definitely cheating," he grated.

I shivered against him, suddenly terrified of the consequences of my actions. We reached the mat and he tossed me down on the thigh high mat. He loomed over me, his expression hungry.... desperate.

"I didn't do anything that you didn't!" I argued frantically.

"Is that so?" his voice was back to that calm, eerily quiet pitch.

His gaze held mine for three long sEconds before raking desperately down my body. I felt every inch as he moved his eyes over me, like a starving man presented with a feast. I was nestled in the softness of the mat, the scent of outdoors and sweat lingering on the vinyl surface. He gave me plenty of time to crawl away, to get up and leave, but when it came down to it, when I lay there anticipating his touch that I knew was coming, I found I didn't want to leave. I was just as desperate, just as needy for him.

I shivered again, but not from the cold this time.

He set his hands tentatively on my calves where they kind of hung over the edge of the mat. Slowly he moved them upwards, past my knees, under my shorts.

"God, Ellie, you don't know what you do to me."

"Fin," I breathed reverently.

And that was all it took. He hopped up on the mat, crawling over me, his hands skimming over my skin as he went. Once he was positioned over me, he met my eyes again with an unspoken promise.

His mouth was on mine before I could take in another breath, devouring me, consuming me. His tongue dove into my mouth hot and needy. At first all his hands could do was grip at my waist, holding me to him, but when he was confident I wouldn't stop him they started roaming my body, exploring me.

Memorizing me.

And I mimicked his every move. My hands moved over his hard muscle and soft skin like I had never touched another living thing my entire life. Each inch was perfectly formed and I relished the feel of it under my fingers. When he moved his mouth to my jawline and down my neck, my fingernails bit into his shoulder and the muscle quivered underneath.

We were lost in each other. I felt how swollen my lips were as his mouth moved down me, kissing my neck, collarbone and more frantically. His hands slid up so that he held me just to the side of my br**sts. I could feel his decision to keep them there, but the urgent need he had to feel more of me warred with his resolve.

The lights above shut off suddenly, pitching us into complete darkness. The whining sound of them shutting off was the only noise that broke up our desperate panting.

I thought the shock of no more light would wake Fin up from his this passionate haze, but instead it seemed to only make him more determined. He slowed his kisses, savoring each connection of his mouth to my skin. His lips brushed over my nipple through my sports bra and I let out an embarrassing moan.

"Ellie," he groaned against my breast. "You win. I can't do this anymore. I have to have you."

Reason dug its heels into the fog of lust I had been reduced to and I was more disappointed than anything to realize this had to stop. Moral integrity and all....

Ugh.

Fin's mouth dropped to my stomach and he trailed kisses along my belly, past my navel, and down to my hip. His hot breath fanned out across my skin raising more goose bumps and making my need sky rocket.

"Ellie, I need you," he whispered against my skin. He lifted the waistband of my shorts and licked a hot path just under my hip.

"Fin," I gasped, forgetting my argument completely.

My heart was hammering in my chest, my body alive with Fin's attention. I had never been kissed like this before, never been touched like this. Like if he didn't keep touching me, keep exploring me he would die.

But then I remembered his words. "You win."

Seven thousand dollar hooker.

He probably didn't even realize what he was saying. Most likely he thought he was doing a good thing. And I could easily let him believe that he was.

But I would always know.

That would always be whispered inside my head. Back and forth until it both felt like I had no worth and that was all the worth that I had.

And other than this hot lust, Fin and I had nothing to keep us together. When it was over, I alone would be left with the consequences.

"We can't," I whispered so light I barely heard myself. His shoulders tensed with just the hint that he heard but he kept kissing me, back up my stomach, over my other nipple, and back to my jaw. "Fin," I whispered louder. "We can't."

He sighed as if he were afraid this would happen. "You're right," he admitted and I was surprised at how easy he was ready to admit that. "I'm a selfish prick for doing this to you in public. We'll go back to my place."

He sat back on his knees, a satisfied, promising smirk lighting up his face. He reached out to me and pulled me up to sitting.

My resolve faltered again. His eyes promised wicked, delicious things but at the same time he was reassuring and protective. He would take care of me. He would make this special.

"Ugh, no." I sounded exasperated and I was. "We can't do this ever. Fin, you can't let me out of this bet like this. You can't let me pay of seven thousand dollars by taking me back to your place."

"Ellie-" he stopped short and my meaning sunk in. "Ellie, that's not what I was doing."

"It kind of is," I argued weakly. I was so embarrassed, so ashamed. My skin flamed red, and I was finding it hard to look in his eyes.

"No, it's not," he growled, obviously upset. "I would never treat you like that. Never."

"I know you wouldn't intentionally treat me like that, but you know nothing can happen between us that replaces the debt. It, I, I just can't demean myself like that." My voice was trembling with emotion. This was so embarrassing.

"So being with me is demeaning?" he cocked his head back, shocked by my confession.

"Being with you when I'm basically charging seven thousand dollars for a good time is demeaning, Fin." I snapped. Suddenly I was horribly self-conscious in just my sports bra. I glanced over to the starting line where I left my shirt it in a pile; it was half the track away.

"Ellie! Come on!" He groaned. "You cannot think so little of me. I have never once thought of you like that, of our situation like that."

I scrambled off the mat and started my hurried walk of shame around the track. Fin was fast behind me, reaching out for my hand and spinning me around to face him.

I was so angry all of a sudden, so furious. He was pushing me when I had so much more than him on the line. And the stupid thing was that I believed he never thought of me like that but only because he never thought this through. He was just acting on impulse, on some badly timed attraction.

"Fin, I believe you. But that money is important to you. You need that money. You've told me so yourself. So what happens after tonight, or next week or the deadline for your down payment comes and goes and it's my fault you don't have the money?" I yanked my hand away from him, ignoring the pained look on his face. What was more was that this whole thing was so stupid since it wasn't even my debt to begin with! "You're willing to forget about it right now because of, because of.... that." I waved awkwardly in the direction of his lower half. "But when it goes away so will your respect for me. So will my respect for me."

Fin stood staring me down, breathing heavily and seemingly at a loss. His face was pained and his shoulders were stiff again. "Goddamn it, Ellie," he finally spat and then ran two hands through his hair. "It's for my brother."

Silence hung heavy between us as I tried to make sense of that.

"Your brother?" I finally asked.

"He has," he seemed to struggle for the right words and then finally said, "He has cerebral palsy. He's severely handicapped. And it's been left up to me to care for him. I'm trying to get him into this really nice facility and they require a fifty thousand dollar down payment. I've been saving up for a while and I've done my best, but I'm seven thousand dollars short. And even with all the scheduled games coming up and the big game in a week. I'm going to be short."

"Why is there a time limit on the down payment?" I asked, feeling like the wind just got knocked out of me.

"It's an extremely difficult facility to get into. There is a huge waiting list and it's only available to the patients that are the worst off. An opening became available suddenly and the only reason Declan was offered it was because we have an inside connection. But if I can't deliver the down payment then the spot will go to someone else."

He ran another hand through his hair and looked down at the ground. His jaw was ticking constantly and the tension was rolling off him. He looked so vulnerable right now I had the strongest urge to wrap my arms around him and kiss his temple.

He looked up and our eyes met. He must have seen something in mine, nerves, fear or sympathy, even I wasn't sure what he saw. But he softened just a little and then seemed to realize we were both standing in the middle of the dark track without shirts on.

"Come on, you're probably freezing," he held out his hand to me and I took it.

I could have resisted, but not when he needed me. And this time, he definitely needed me but not for the same reasons five minutes ago.

"Declan? That's your brother's name?" I asked quietly. "Is he older or younger than you?"

"He's younger. He's only nineteen," Fin answered softly. I knew instinctively that he didn't talk about his brother much, maybe at all. And not because he was embarrassed of him, I could feel his pride and strong love. Fin was the kind of guy that wouldn't talk about him because he felt like he needed to protect him. I was privileged to have this conversation with him; I knew that in the core of my being.

When we reached my shirt, Fin waited for me to pull it on and then we walked over to the bleachers while he put his shirt on.

"Fin, why does the down payment fall to you? Where are your parents?" I asked, realizing I knew nothing about him. Other than he was fast, ran an illegal ring of internet gambling and was hot.

Wow. I had never felt shallower in my life.

He cleared his throat and then sat down hard on the bench. He looked up at me with huge, dark eyes and I was lost again. Lost in his gaze, lost in his presence, lost to him. I didn't know what else to do but sit down and lean into him.

"My mom left us shortly after Declan was born. It was too hard on her, having a special needs baby and trying to take care of a toddler all the time. My dad was in the army, so he traveled all the time and we moved every couple of years. She was alone a lot. She couldn't deal, so she left. I haven't seen her in, in a long time. My dad did the best he could, but he couldn't raise us and keep his career, so he sent us here to live with his mom, my grandma. She raised us for most of our lives."

"Where's your dad now?" I asked on a broken whisper. My heart hurt for this little Fin that was abandoned by two parents and left to raise and take care of his brother who needed so much help. A tear slid down my cheek before I could even register it was falling.

"He died three years ago in Afghanistan."

I sucked in a sharp breath and just let the other tears fall. I couldn't stop them; my heart was breaking for Fin.

"Ellie," he cleared his throat, his voice growing even more serious, "I don't share all this with everyone because.... it's not that I'm embarrassed. I'm not. It's just that it's hard for people to understand, it's hard for them to treat it how it should be treated."

Not knowing if that was a warning or a plea for help, I slipped my hand through the crook of his elbow and rested my head against his shoulder. He didn't shove me off or try to get away from me so I hoped what I was doing was Ok.

"And now my Grandma can't take care of Declan anymore. Hell, she needs someone to take care of her. But Declan's big for her, and his seizures are getting worse and he's not able to eat like he should. We've always had help come during the day, but now my Grandma needs help at night too. This facility is our best opportunity until I can get out of school and start supporting him." Fin's voice was firm and authoritative. I finally understood why he sounded so in command all those times before, he had lived his whole childhood being a grown up.

"How much longer till you're done?" I asked.

"In May I graduate with my undergrad, so that leaves only.... eight more years to go." He shot me a sheepish smile and rocked against my shoulder.

"Holy hell! Eight years? What are you majoring in?" I was shocked. A total of twelve years was just as long as Britte was in for.

"Radiology. I'm going to be a radiologist. Or at least, that's the plan. I'm still waiting to hear back from my top choices for med schools." When I gaped at him, he continued, "I have to do something that will support Declan and me. My dad had life insurance but it's been mostly used up to pay for Declan's home medical help. I should be able to cover his monthly rent easily enough but the down payment is killing me. My Grandma can't help much and she won't be around forever. And my mom is worthless. I'm all he has. I have to plan for the future."

"Do you want to be a radiologist?" I asked like he had a choice in the matter, like Fin would be doing something he didn't want to.

"Sure, but most of all I want to take care of Declan. That's all I really care about," he finished firmly. "That's all I've ever really cared about."

"You're a good man," I whispered but I knew he heard me when he tensed next to me. "I'm sorry I accused you of turning me into a hooker. That wasn't fair."

He snorted a laugh. "I get your argument though. I'll stop trying to seduce you."

"Thank you," I laughed back. "You almost succeeded."

"Did I?" He swiveled to face me, his eyes heated with that same intensity.

"Well, your kissing could use some work, but your hands seemed to know exactly what they were doing."

"Ellie," he groaned like he was actually in pain. "I've never met anyone like you before. And I have no idea what to do with you."

"I'll tell you what to do," I said sincerely. "Tell me you'll see me Thursday and give me a hug so that I know you're alright."

Fin stood up with me and pulled me against his chest. His body was hot against my cooled skin and I adored being wrapped in his warmth. I nuzzled against his chest and he let out a contented sigh. When he let me go, he reached for my hand again and walked us to our cars.

"I'll see you Thursday," he said obediently. "But we're going to figure this out."

I reached up to kiss him on the cheek, letting my lips linger on his skin longer than was probably appropriate. But after this I was confident he would back off forever now, especially since I knew how important the money was to him.

"See you Thursday," I whispered against his face and then got in my car and left.

There was so much more to Fin than I ever understood. And my heart was gone. Completely. How would I ever get over him after all that?

It wasn't just an attraction anymore. It was a desire to get him his money, but this time for Declan. It was a stupid dream to give him a partner in life, someone to help him look forward to the future that didn't have to be lonely or heavy.

Ugh. I was one of those girls now.

And now I needed to call my parents and tell them how much I loved them.

All thanks to Fin Hunter.

Chapter Fourteen

"Do you known what?" Fin interrupted my spreadsheet analysis for the fifth time in an hour.

"What?" I asked exasperatedly. Things had gone pretty much back to awkward friendship, which really meant just sizzling sexual tension. I was having a hard enough time concentrating without Fin constantly distracting me.

"I think I won the bet the other night."

"Excuse me?" I asked dryly.

"Well, we made a bet, and since neither of us backed out, there has to be a winner. I think we've established the fact that you are not the winner, as evidenced by the fact that you're here, working with me now." He paused as if for dramatic effect.

"So you're telling me you won?"

"Well, would you like to admit that you won?" he asked, seeming to choose his words carefully.

I thought it over and almost laughed when I realized he trapped me. "And if I did admit that?"

"Then obviously you would collect your winnings."

"Which are?"

"You are free of the debt," Fin turned to face me then, his eyes serious and dark.

"I didn't win though, so I can't be free," I admitted. It wasn't even my debt and here I was hanging on to it. Gosh, I was such an idiot. But after everything Fin opened up about I couldn't just walk away from this money anymore. I was tied to helping Declan as much as he was.

"Ok, then I'll collect my winnings," Fin's gaze held me transfixed, his expression so full of want I couldn't catch my breath.

"I thought we agreed that was a bad idea," I whispered.

"It's just a date, Ellie," he reminded me gently. "And we agreed that during it we would leave the bet completely out of it."

"Fine," I puffed out. "You can take me out for my birthday."

"When's your birthday?" Fin asked, a smile already lighting his face up.

"You know I ran high school track, but you don't know when my birthday is? Tisk, tisk," I scolded, turning back to my computer.

"You're right, that is an oversight on my part. I guess it was one fact I didn't commit to memory. I do know that you're turning twenty-one though. And the only reason I know that is because I don't usually let minors into my poker games, but it seems for you I was making a lot of exceptions."

"Believe me, I do not thank you for that. Anyway, it's technically today, but you can have your date tomorrow night. After I've had time to mentally process this and dress up for it."

"Sounds good," he smirked at me. "But how are we going to celebrate your birthday today?"

"You're just trying to get two dates out of me!"

"Not true," he denied but I saw him smile out of the corner of my eye. "Ok, maybe a little true."

I laughed, I couldn't help myself. Sometimes he was adorable. "Well, I did bring something to share with you...."

"Really?" He sounded surprised.

I stood up and walked over to my backpack that was sitting on his couch. I dug out the bottle of sake Lennox brought me back from Japan and held it up proudly. His expression grew wicked as he looked over the bottle, recognizing what it was immediately.

I brought it over not wanting to drink it alone on my twenty-first birthday, that felt a little lame. And I thought about asking Britte to share it with me back at my apartment, but instead found myself shoving it in my backpack right before I came over here. I didn't want to examine my motives to carefully. I just wanted to do something fun on my birthday.

"Is that sake?" he asked sounding a little impressed.

"I guess. Lennox brought it back for me from one of his business trips. He made me promise to drink it on my birthday."

"Ah." He stood up and walked over to me. I handed him the bottle so he could look over it. "This will be fun." He was grinning ear to ear, his eyes gleaming devilishly.

"Why's that?" I was suddenly suspicious.

"Because you're going to hate it."

He turned around and walked into the kitchen. I followed him already nervous for this. He opened the bottle immediately and then poured a small amount of the clear liquid into two tumblers. Handing me my own glass, he raised it in a toast.

"Happy birthday, Ellie," he smiled down at me and clinked our glasses.

"Thank you." And then we both took a sip. Holy cow! I came up sputtering. I was not expecting that burn, or the shocking sweetness.

He watched me amused as I struggled through the flavor. "Oh gosh, I'm not sure I like that."

"Sure you do," he laughed and poured a little more into my glass. "The more you drink, the better it will taste, I promise."

I rolled my eyes at him. "Such sage wisdom. Just as long as you don't try to get me drunk."

"I have a feeling it wouldn't take much," He observed dryly.

"Shut it," I warned and then took a much, much smaller drink.

His lips were twitching so I didn't think he took my warning very seriously. "Ellie Harris, the first person ever that doesn't want to get drunk on her twenty-first birthday. Have you always been this good of a kid?" he asked and got comfortable leaning up against the counter.

I set my glass aside for a moment, cleared a space on the counter and hopped up next to him. We were close, but we weren't touching so I felt safe enough to relax. Picking up my glass again I took another sip. The burn wasn't as bad this time, and the warm, sticky sweet taste of the sake went down much easier.

"Always," I finally admitted. From this vantage point I had the rare opportunity to look down at Fin. He usually towered over me, but this was kind of nice. And it was also kind of nice to just be relaxing with him. As far as birthdays went, this one was good. "My parents have always had high expectations for me and I haven't ever wanted to disappoint them. It's probably silly, but between them and my brothers I haven't had a lot of breathing room to be anything but good."

"But they're not in charge of your life now. Don't you have any wild oats to sow?" he was smiling at me as if he already knew the answer.

I still said, "Not really. I've never really wanted to get drunk all the time or sleep around. Mostly I just want independence. More than anything I want for my family to stop hovering so much."

"What about Colton? What was that?" His tone had gone dead, like he hated talking about Colton.

"Colton? I don't know what he was. He was like.... a fluke," I laughed bitterly. "I guess I wanted something of my own. Something to get me away from my family. We dated a long time but nothing really came out of it. We said 'I love you' but neither of us meant it."

"He must have meant something to you, if you dated him for that long," Fin pressed.

I shrugged. I had actually started to wonder that too. If maybe I wasn't remembering him right because I was hurt over our breakup. We did have a sweet relationship when I was honest with myself and he was a good boyfriend a lot of the time, especially when we were in high school. I wondered if I wanted to remember it worse than it was so I wouldn't have to hurt. I did know I never loved him. Looking back on the relationship now it just seemed really immature. Our breakup would have been inevitable whether he cheated or not.

"Oh, were you guys," Fin paused to clear his throat, suddenly looking uncomfortable.

"Were we what?"

He visibly gathered courage before he asked, "Were you uh, sleeping together?"

"Oh my gosh! Fin!" I was going to die of embarrassment. What kind of question was that? "You cannot ask me that!"

He blushed, actually blushed. "Yeah, you're right. Sorry, of course you were."

"Please, stop," I groaned letting my face fall into my hands. "Colton and I were not sleeping together. Ok, would you drop it?"

"You weren't?" His head popped up and he looked at me with wide eyes. "You dated him for three years. You had to have been sleeping together."

"Ok, stop right there. Before you tarnish my reputation anymore," I paused for another itty bitty drink of the sake and then continued. "I told we, we might have said 'I love you' but we didn't love each other. And that's not something I just give away to anybody. When I finally decide to you know," I cleared my throat. This was more awkward than when I had the sex talk with my mom. "When I finally decide to have sex it will be on my terms, with someone really special. Someone I really do love."

Fin seemed floored by my little speech, "So you haven't had sex with anybody?"

"No! Now can we drop it?"

"Yep."

"Why do you look so smug?"

"I don't"

"You do."

"You just continue to surprise me, that's all," he was still smiling. Bastard.

"Surprise you? You mean there isn't a past partners file in your Ellie Harris dossier?"

"I've just been waiting for all the facts," he teased. "Now I can finally update it."

I rolled my eyes while he poured more sake into our glasses. I was starting to feel different and knew I needed to slow down. I drank alcohol before, so it wasn't like I didn't know what to expect. My parents always let us drink wine and champagne on major holidays, but I had never been drunk before. My blood felt very heated, my body completely relaxed. I was starting to imagine all kinds of scenarios with Fin and kissing and this countertop.... I definitely needed to slow down.

"What about you?" I asked, ready to get more of my Fin Hunter questions answered.

"We are not talking about my sex life."

I chuckled. "That is not what I meant. I would rather not have an updated file on your past partners. I meant, why are you so good? Where are your wild oats?"

"What makes you think I'm good? I run an illegal online gambling site, before y-" he seemed to think better of whatever he was going to say because he cleared his throat and then continued, "Before a few weeks ago I didn't exactly treat women with respect and we started out getting to know each other by you being terrified of me because I forced my way into your apartment and demanded a large sum of money. Why would you ever think I'm good?"

"Because you're not any of those things," I answered simply. "Ok, maybe you were scary at first, but you're not anymore."

"You don't think I'm scary? I think I figured out why I don't have my money yet."

I shot him my most charming smile and took another drink. "No way, I don't even think you're trying anymore. Declan alone would be enough for me to think you're amazing, but then there's the grandma that you take care of. The track scholarship I know now was the only way for you to go to school and you picked a school close to home. Plus, these poker games are illegal but they're fair and you make me do tedious research so you're not ripping anybody off or allowing people to play that really shouldn't be. And, you've always been a gentleman with me."

He scoffed at that, "Really? I've been a gentleman with you? Like when I threw you against the wall over there, or had my way with you on the track the other night?" his voice dropped to that husky timber that made me shiver with desire.

I blushed thinking about him pressing me against his brick wall, or his lips kissing me in all those intimate places. Finally I whispered, "It wasn't anything I didn't want."

Fin seemed stunned by my admission. He set his glass down next to him and walked in front of me, forcing my legs apart so he could stand in between them. The counter came up to just above his waist, so it was almost like I had my legs wrapped around him.

"Is that so?" he challenged.

I just nodded.

His eyes immediately ignited with a fire I wasn't sure if I was ready to play with yet. I tried to scoot back, away from his body, away from this wicked things he was promising with his eyes. He took my glass out of my hand and I easily let it go. Setting it next to his on the counter, he returned his attention to me, with his fingers trailing up and down my jean clad thigh.

"I've never had a choice in my life but to be good, Ellie," Fin explained casually, all the while electricity snapped and crackled between us. "I've had to make good decisions all my life because I've always had other people to take care of."

I nodded, agreeing with what he was saying. It was true and my heart broke for the little kid Fin, the teenage Fin and the Fin in front of me that thought of everyone else but himself.

"I told you, you are good," I whispered, my throat closed up with a mixture of anticipation and emotion.

"Good enough for you?" he asked in a rough voice. He looked up at me from underneath his thick eyelashes, his strong jaw ticking with some unnamed emotion. He looked vulnerable and.... hopeful.

But what could I tell him? This seemed impossible between us. He didn't believe me about the debt, he didn't trust me that I wasn't the one that lost the money. Besides, he needed the money anyway, so it didn't matter. And I'd already decided over and over again that my integrity was more important than a boy. No matter how much I wanted that boy.

I still found myself cupping his jaw with my hand, he was clean shaven and his skin was warm and smooth under my hand. "Finley Hunter, what a question." I smiled down at him stalling. He was good enough for me; I didn't want him to think that he wasn't. Really I had been wondering lately if I was good enough for him. But I couldn't lead him on.

"I think you should have more sake." He leaned into my hand looking pained and disappointed. "If you can't answer that question the way I want you to, then you definitely need more sake."

"You are good enough for me," I said quickly so he wouldn't think differently. "That's never what's stopped me."

"One day you're not going to be able to fall back on your excuses," he pinned me with his gaze, holding me paralyzed with just a look. This boy had power over me he didn't even realize.

Eventually his words penetrated my distracted mind. "You think I'm just using excuses?" I wasn't mad yet, but I could easily be if he belittled my reasons for protecting myself.

"I think you're afraid of what's building between us," Fin answered firmly. "And I really think we should stop worrying about the money. You are making a much bigger deal out of it than it is."

"Of course I'm afraid," I snapped, ignoring what he said about the money. He didn't understand my issue with losing my integrity over a hookup and I didn't expect him to. "I feel this too, Fin." I removed my hand from his face and looked away. I had to say this, even though it felt like I was revealing more of myself than I wanted to, than I could protect once it was out there. "This is real, I know that. And it's killing me that we can't do anything about it."

"Tonight, Ellie. We can't do anything about it, tonight." And then his face softened into a seductive smile. He was getting better at navigating through our battlefields, I would give him that. But that only made me raise my defenses higher. A well-armed Fin was not good for this battle of attrition. "Come on, it's time for you to go home."

Now my head was spinning. "You are the most confusing person I've ever met."

"You can stay if you want." He stepped away from me to find his shoes. "But I'm going to keep drinking. And I'm going to encourage you to as well. Then neither of us will be able to drive you home, so you'll be forced to stay the night here." He stopped looking for his shoes and turned to face me, meeting my gaze with his heated stare he said, "At some point I'll forget all my reasons for keeping my hands to myself and I'll convince you to do the same. And then nothing will stop me from touching you, from putting my hands and my lips all over your hot little body, from exploring every single inch of you. So Ellie, if you want to keep your moral high ground you better go home now."

"Um, Ok," I whispered with a shaky voice. I slid off the counter onto unsteady feet. I forced my mind to settle and to get ahold of myself before I agreed to all of that. Because I was maybe thirty sEconds away from doing just that, saying yes please to all of that.

Fin walked around the corner holding my shoes in his hand. He handed them to me with a cocky smile. "Did you still want to go home?"

Brat. He knew what he was doing to me. "I'm not sure anymore." I said honestly, but mostly just to mess with him.

"Want me to help persuade you to stay?" he asked in that sexy rumble of his.

"Probably you should take me on a date first, before you start seducing away my virtue," I shot him a playful glare.

"Probably." he agreed on a light laugh. "Besides, the ride home has ice cream."

"Ice cream?" I asked sounding more excited about dessert than whatever Fin had threatened me with. But to be fair, I knew ice cream. I knew what to expect with ice cream, I knew how ice cream would treat me and how I would feel after I had ice cream. I knew nothing about what Fin was promising, not what to expect, not how I would feel, not even if I would like it. And that didn't mean one day I wouldn't be excited for all those things. But today, for sure today, I was not ready.

"It's your birthday. We're still celebrating," he promised.

"Point taken," I smiled at him, I was more relaxed now than the last thirty minutes. He had a way of winding me up so tight I couldn't think straight and then helping me relax until I was putty in his hands. I had a feeling he did that on purpose.

I grabbed my backpack and Fin held the door open for me. We walked down to his car in silence but now I was hyper aware of him. He was all I could think about, all I could focus on.

And he was being too sweet for those feelings to go away, probably ever.

He held the door of his red Jeep open and I crawled inside. His Jeep had the removable doors and roof and I loved the idea of him riding through the bluffs with everything opened, the wind blowing riotously through the car. His Jeep was aged; at least as old as my car and the red painted was faded and a little rust around the tire wheels. But it was a fun car, it suited him well.

He got into the driver's seat and put a hand on my thigh giving me a squeeze before he started the engine and had to use both hands to drive and use the stick shift. But just because we weren't touching didn't mean the frenzied passion wasn't still hot between us. He slid me a look from across the car that made me want to crawl into his lap and attack his face with my mouth.

"Jameson and I will get your car back to you, alright?"

"Sure, whatever," I wasn't worried. "Britte can drive me over here tomorrow too."

"It's fine," he shrugged. "I want to. Besides, I'm the one not letting you drive home."

"Which is kind of ridiculous," I argued. "I'm fine to drive."

"No, I'm fine to drive. You basically threw yourself at me in the kitchen. Obviously your judgment is impaired." He reasoned and it sounded like he actually believed himself.

"Are you kidding me?" I sputtered.

He cocked his head to face me at a red light. With gravity he said, "I would never forgive myself if something happened Ellie. Better safe than sorry." He was absolutely sincere and he was right.

"You're right, Fin. Thank you."

"Ok, Culvers? Flavor of the day?" he turned the car toward those gorgeous blue awnings and I got excited all over again.

"Yes please!"

"How did I know ice cream would win you over?" he mused, sounding entertained.

I smiled at him, so content just to hang out with him. There would always be that heated tension between us, at least until we did something about it. But until then, he was just fun to hang out with too. Fin Hunter was turning into a something so much more than I could have ever anticipated. And for the first time I wasn't terrified of it, I was looking forward to it.

Chapter Fifteen

"Are you sure you don't want me to come over?" Britte asked for the twentieth time over the phone.

"No, I'm Ok. He's going to be here any sEcond. I just wanted to call one more time so you could give me a pep talk." I was standing in front of my closet mirror, rocking back and forth from heel to toe feeling like I was going to puke. Fin would be here any sEcond for our "date" and I was two sEconds away from backing out.

I decided last night's moments of bravado were completely alcohol induced and I was crazy to think I could run in Fin's league.

"First, tell me what you're wearing," Britte demanded. She'd been over here all afternoon and brought the arsenal of her wardrobe and makeup.

"I went with the black skinny jeans, pink shimmery tank top and the sheer silver cardigan," I recited mechanically.

"Shoes?"

"Hot pink stilettos." Which I was confident I would face plant in the minute I tried to walk three feet.

"Purse?"

"Black beaded clutch."

"Hair?"

"Side French braid into a messy side pony tail thingy." Solid description. Britte would know exactly what I was talking about.

"Makeup?"

"Smoky eyes, pink lip gloss. And before you ask, chunky silver earrings, lots of bangles and your giant fake sapphire ring."

"You look gorgeous, don't you?" She actually sounded emotional, like my mom the night of my senior prom.

"Yes, yes I do." I had to agree though. I hadn't looked this hot in maybe ever. Fin better die, or at least appreciate the effort.

"I can't believe he's forcing you to go on a date with him," she was still dealing with shock after I filled her in over what happened at the track, last night and how he used my stubborn reasoning to get me to go on a date with him. "Mostly I can't believe that he has to force you. Shouldn't you be begging him to pay attention to you just like every other girl?"

"I don't know. That's what I think. But for whatever reason he has attached himself to me like a tick and I can't dig him out." I laughed at my own metaphor, even though it didn't feel like that at all between us.

"Uh, huh." Apparently Britte didn't believe me either. "You know I think you're gorgeous, and a catch. Any guy would be lucky to have you." She thought about that for a minute and then changed her mind, "Except for Colton. Colton would not be lucky to have you but only because your brothers would literally kill him if you ended up with him again. Anyway, it's not that I don't think you're not good enough for Fin Hunter. Believe me; Fin Hunter isn't good enough for you."

"Get to the point, B," I laughed.

"It's just that, I'm still trying to wrap my head around a world where Fin is desperately interested in a girl and she doesn't immediately give into him. That is one solid stubborn streak, Els."

"Thank you," I curtsied to myself in the mirror.

"But you're totally going to give in tonight, aren't you?"

"Uh, no."

"But he said that you're not allowed to think about the debt thing." She reminded me, as if I didn't have that running on a loop through my head constantly.

"That's fine, but I'm still not a girl that gives it up on the first date," I reminded her.

"Oh, good point. It just doesn't feel like the first date for you guys. It feels like you've been dating for a while."

She had a point, but all that time spent together was not exactly quality time. Working off a debt twice a week couldn't exactly be considered in the same realm as dating. "Still keeping the v-card."

"Virgin sistas for life," she cheered into the phone empathetically.

"Ok, maybe not for life," I laughed.

"You're full of good points tonight," she giggled.

"And yet you're on your way to becoming a surgeon. Watch out medical world!"

"You sound less nervous."

"Don't sound so smug. Fine, you're good at distracting me, is that what you want to hear?"

"Yep. Now go get 'em tiger."

"Love you, B."

"Love you too, Els."

As soon as I hung up with Britte there was a knock on my door. I gave myself a last minute, only slightly panicky once over, slipped my phone into my clutch, double checked that I had my brand new ID- declaring that I was in fact of legal drinking age- and then walked to the front door.

I opened the door to find Fin leaning on the door frame looking sexy as hell. He was wearing a simple black t-shirt advertising some band I didn't recognize with a gray cardigan over the top. The cardigan was opened, hanging loose to his sides and the sleeves were pushed up to his forearms. He was in loose black jeans with classic Chucks. His hair was styled and his face cleanly shaven and everything about him was just delicious.

I tore my gaze from eye-raping him and forced myself to meet his hot stare. He was looking at me like he had never seen me before.

"Ellie," he breathed and said nothing more.

But he didn't need to. I felt to my bones how much he appreciated my low cut tank top and skin tight jeans. I saw the desire make his eyes practically glow. Just my name falling from his lips was enough to light a fire deep in my belly and make my fingers tingle with anticipation.

"Ready?" I asked, not able to keep the smile off my face.

"Ready," he reached out for my hand and I gave it to him easily, like it was the most natural thing I'd ever done.

We started the night grabbing a quick bite at a cute little local burger place. It was impossible to look sexy while eating a burger, but it was way too good to be worried about how I looked. Besides, I reasoned with myself that Fin just watched me eat six pieces of pizza last week, but the argument fell flat.

Because if I was honest with myself, tonight felt different than any other time we'd spent time together. All day I promised myself this would be just like all the other nights, that the money would still be a heavy presence between us, and that Fin would behave no differently than before.

But I was wrong. This was not a casual night in Fin's apartment, this was clearly a date, where he paid for everything and treated me perfectly. The seven thousand dollars was nothing but a whisper in the farthest recesses of my mind. And Fin. Fin had apparently been holding back before, because where his attentiveness and attraction had been hard to ignore before, they were now impossible.

After the burger place, Fin drove downtown and parked on Third so we could barhop with the rest of the weekend crowd. Most of the bars in this area catered to college kids so beer was always cheap and there was plenty to do.

Fin picked the first bar we went into, an old building with mostly high top tables all crammed together to fit in as many as they could. The stools were just inches apart, so when Fin found us a table in the back of the room we sat down basically on top of each other. And that was Ok with me.

Fin's knees were spread wide, and I was basically tucked in between them. His arm went protectively around my back and his other hand landed soundly on my upper thigh. He looked down at me with staggering confidence and I had to wonder how he was imagining this night would go.

I looked around the bar, taking it all in. College students were everywhere, yelling at a game on TV, playing pool at the three different tables, darts that were near the bathrooms or ordering more drinks from the bar. I saw a couple waitresses making the rounds but doubted they would ever make it back here since their attention was constantly being pulled from table to table.

When I turned back to Fin he was just watching me. His eyes were on my lips, his mouth was twisted in an adorable smile. Slowly he lifted his gaze to my eyes but while his smile widened from embarrassment at getting caught staring at me, his eyes only heated.

I shook my head at him as if I were disappointed, but leaned toward him. I couldn't help it. And I hadn't even had a drink yet.

Fin leaned in so he could shout in my ear to be heard over the music and asked, "Do I have to wait until the end of the night to kiss you?"

"Of course," I shouted back, feeling my cheeks heat from a blush.

"I don't want to," he yelled back, pulling back so he could look me in the eyes directly.

"What do you want to do then?" I was flirting with him, playing with fire, but I couldn't help it. This was a date.

"Bad things," he promised with a wicked expression and I felt my breath hitch in my throat. I must have looked a little scared because he turned playful and shouted, "I'll get us some drinks. Don't move."

I watched him walk to the bar. He knew enough people to stop and talk to a few as he pushed his way to through the crowd. The bartender, a guy I recognized from campus but didn't know his name, leaned across the bar and did the guy handshake thing with Fin. They talked for a minute before he handed Fin our pints of beer and then went back to tending to his insane bar.

"I should have asked if you liked beer," he said as he set it down in front of me.

"Sure, I love it," I smiled at him.

"You're a bad liar."

"True, but I don't really know what I like right now, so I might as well try beer," I shrugged.

"Good point."

We sat there shouting at each other, people watching and touching, mostly touching. It was like we couldn't keep our hands to ourselves. His hands were always moving over me, from my lower back to my shoulder blades where he would rest for a minute and then soothe his way back down. Or his other hand that stayed planted on my thigh, gripping me tightly as if holding on to me, as if to make sure I wasn't going anywhere. As soon as he sat down, he opened his knees so I could fit my legs between his again. And taking his cue, I let my hand rest on his kneecap. His skin was hot under my hand even through his jeans, and I loved the muscular hardness of his thigh.

When the waitress stopped by he ordered another round even though we weren't even halfway done with our first drinks. When she walked away he explained that we had no idea when she would be around again so it was smart to be prepared.

Which turned out to be brilliant because by the time she finally returned with our order we were done with our first set and ready for more.

"So how come you didn't have plans already for your birthday?" Fin asked at the end of our sEcond round of drinks.

"Britte's not twenty-one yet and she's really the only one I would want to celebrate with other than you." Oh crap. I did not just say that. "I mean, since I have to spend it with you."

Fin caught my slip and shook his head at me. "At least let me believe I was your first choice."

"Always," I said teasingly, but the truth was so loud in my head I still blushed.

"I was hoping we would get to play pool, but the lines are pretty long. Do you want to go somewhere else?"

"Sure," I didn't actually care where we went, but I was up for anything. I trusted Fin and I was having a really good time.

He threw down some money and we wound our way back outside. The night air was cold and refreshing after the hot, muggy bar and I lifted my head to the sky, drying the beads of sweat that had broke out across my forehead.

We walked down the street together, silent after so much shouting back and forth inside. Fin reached for my hand and I gladly gave it to him. He glanced over at me, and I glanced back just in time for him to look away. I smiled to myself, this was the dumb stuff I'd always rolled my eyes at, but now it felt right and perfect with Fin.

When he glanced over at me again I caught his eye this time and he held my gaze. With a move so smooth I wondered for a sEcond if it was practiced, he pulled me just inside an alley we were walking by. My back was against the cold brick of a building before I could comprehend what was happening and his lips were pressed against mine just as fast.

I lost myself in his long, drugging kiss. The pressure of his lips was addicting, the strokes of his tongue consuming. I slipped my arms around his neck, my fingers tangling in his hair and pushed myself against him. He groaned at the tight contact, his long arms wrapped around me possessively.

"Ellie," he moaned as his kisses moved down the column of my throat. "This is what I want to do to you every time I see you."

I closed my eyes against the rush of feeling at those words. And before I could even try to come up with a response his mouth was back on mine, demanding that I give him everything he was giving me.

Eventually his kisses slowed and he pulled away from me, resting his forehead against mine. "I get one date with you until I figure out all the other bullshit, until I figure out how to make you mine. I'm not wasting it by waiting till the end of the night."

I nodded, breathless and panting. "Ok."

"But I'm not going to disrespect you in an alley either," he laughed. "Even though it's all I can think of right now."

I nodded, afraid of what I would say if I tried to talk. The only thoughts that were making any sense sounded like: go ahead, or yes please.

"Ready to try somewhere else?" He pulled away from me, taking in my face with his dark eyes.

"Sure," I whispered, still not able to form much of a coherent thought. I closed my eyes, working hard to get my bearings.

"Damn, I love the way you look after I kiss you," he rumbled. "If I had my way you would look like this all the time." My eyes popped open to meet his in a penetrating stare. "You're beautiful all the time and you know that. But I need you to look like mine, like I've branded you. And the way your lips are swollen right now...." he rubbed his thumb over my lower lip, leaving me wanting with more desire than I knew what to do with. "Ellie, those lips are mine."

My heart slammed against my chest and I felt myself nod in agreement. I would think about the consequences of that later. Right now everything he said felt right, I easily felt branded by him, marked by his touch and I was more than willing to give him ownership of whatever part of me he wanted because it already felt like owned my heart.... my soul.

His expression turned to one of pure, masculine dominance, like he was the first man ever to create fire. I imagined his chest puffing out and him shouting, "Look at what I have created!" in a deep, movie-phone voice. He was perfection and testosterone and everything I could ever want in a man. And then I lost any battle I had left in me when he bent down and kissed me as sweetly as possible on the lips just once.

"There will be more of that, I promise." And then he took my hand and led me to another bar.

This one had a bouncer and I actually got to flash my brand new ID this time, which was very exciting for me, but Fin just rolled his eyes playfully.

Inside, we sat at a table off to the side of the dance floor. There were more waitresses here and they came around more frequently so it was easy to order drinks. I asked for something lighter this time, since although didn't mind beer, it was way too filling and I wouldn't be able to keep drinking much more. Fin ordered me a Malibu and Diet and promised that this was the quintessential girl drink.

After tasting it, I had to agree.

This bar was celebrating a grand opening, so it was also packed. Most of the bars along Third Street were dive bars with cheap drinks, but this one had more of a club type feel. There were neon colored beads draping every table and temporary tattoos with the bars logo littering every available space.

It was even louder in this bar than the last so talking was practically impossible. Fin said he would dance; he just needed a little more liquid courage before I could pull him on the dance floor. I was having fun watching everyone else and enjoying my drink anyway, so I didn't mind waiting.

The music was sexy and so loud the beat of the bass thrummed inside my chest. I looked up at Fin to find him watching me again, his eyes heated and excited, suddenly I couldn't wait to be out on the dance floor with him, pressing my body against his again.

He caught the desire in my look because he immediately leaned forward and swept me away in another kiss. His hands roamed a little freely this time and when he grazed the underside of my breast with his thumb I moaned in his ear.

He pulled back but only to take a shaky sip of his own drink. He ran a hand through his hair and that muscle was ticking in his jaw again. I was hoping it was because he was as unsettled and desperate as I was.

I liked that.

I liked that I had that kind of power over him.

He reached forward and laid his hand on my thigh again, like he couldn't bear not to touch me. I loved that. I loved the way he made me feel and that I made him feel. He was going to steal my heart completely.

In the cafeteria the other week he promised me he would win this game and it wasn't until this moment that I realized I never had a chance. I was an amateur even at this. He held all the right cards.

Knowing that, I knew I had to grapple back some of my control. There was life after this date; there would always be consequences to face tomorrow. And, if I was really honest with myself, I didn't want to be the only one falling; the only one who's heart was getting tangled in something that seemed irretrievable.

I threaded my fingers through the hand Fin had on my thigh and brought it up to the top of the table. I shivered at the feel of his huge, calloused palm pressed against mine and I loved how willingly he just gave it to me, just let me do what I wanted.

I gave him a saucy smile and then reached for one of the temporary tattoos scattered across the table top. He eyed me carefully but didn't object. I held his hand with both of mine, so his palm faced up. Lifting it, I met him halfway and licked a sensual path along the inside of his wrist. I felt his whole body tense with anticipation and I couldn't hide my triumphant smile.

I peeled the plastic covering off the small square tattoo and looked up to waggle my eyebrows at him.

In a rough growl he voiced his one objection, "I don't think those are very manly."

"You'll like it, I promise."

He let out a breath and said quickly, "Ok."

With his permission I pressed the tattoo to his wrist and held it in place. With my other hand I reached into my almost empty drink and pulled out a piece of ice. Slowly I rubbed the ice over the tattoo and down his forearm. I never looked up at him, but I felt his eyes on me the entire time, felt the tension in his body as though he was just one sEcond away from pulling me on his lap and fulfilling all his sexy promises. Finally, I was satisfied that the tattoo wouldn't come off with the paper and I removed the now soggy backing and discarded it on the tabletop. On his wrist was the perfect image of the bar's logo, little droplets of water still running down his arm and pooling at the pushed up sleeve of his cardigan. Satisfied with my work I lifted his hand again and pressed a kiss to the new tattoo.

I lifted my eyes to meet Fin's and watched as he slowly swallowed, his Adam's apple bobbing with the effort.

"Are you trying to kill me?" he rasped out.

I shook my head slowly and then stood up and tugged on his hand, "Let's dance."

He just nodded, seeming unable to say anything else. Feeling more powerful than I probably ever had in my entire life, I led Fin to the dance floor and pressed my body flush against his.

The music was fast but sensual and we moved together easily. Fin's hands were everywhere on my body. He turned me around so that my back was against his chest and his hands moved over my stomach possessively, before long he turned me around again and we danced front to front, my arms around his neck, his hands gripping my h*ps tightly.

Fin was claiming me again, with every single touch, both light and hard. He was owning me, making me his and I was allowing him to.

I couldn't have stopped him.

He was too consuming.

So instead, I gave up what little fight I had left and just danced.

We stayed there for the rest of the night, hungry for each other's touch, desperate to stay connected in every way. He had plenty more kisses for me, and his hands never let go.

By the time bar closed we were sweaty and exhausted and drunk off each other. We walked back to his Jeep stealing kisses and holding hands. The ride to my apartment was taken in silence with too much to be said to say anything in all.

He walked me to my apartment complex door but stopped there, "This was just the first date."

"Yes," I agreed.

"But I'm saying goodnight here, Ellie," his voice was that low rumbling tone I was addicted to. "Neither one of us is ready for what would happen if I followed you upstairs tonight."

Realizing what that meant I blushed a deep red, and breathed, "Ok."

"I'll call you tomorrow," he promised and then kissed me long and hard enough that I wouldn't be able to think of anything else tonight but what it would have meant if he followed me upstairs.

"Thank you for tonight."

He kissed me again, shorter this time but just as passionately as all the times before.

"Ok, I'm going. Goodnight, Ellie." Another long, hard kiss.

"Good night, Fin," and then I initiated this time.

We stood there for several more minutes kissing. He had his way with my mouth and my neck and my ears so that when he finally walked to his car my mouth was swollen, my vision hazy and my brain imagining every single thing those kisses promised.

Best first date in the history of first dates.

But tomorrow we would go back to the way things were or I would drown in these feelings.

And just as much as I wasn't ready for Fin to come upstairs with me, I wasn't ready for that either.

Chapter Sixteen

"You have a lot of stuff," I remarked tiredly to Britte.

We had been in the process of moving her out of the dorms and into my apartment all day. It was Saturday and I was still tired from my date with Fin last night. This was supposed to be life after the date, our relationship back to normal. But it was hard to forget all those kisses, all the places Fin's hands traveled on my body. But I had to. I had to focus.

With the help of Fin and Jameson, the first part of our day started at the dorms where we loaded everything into all four vehicles. Jameson drove a truck and Fin drove an SUV and then with Britte's VW BUG and my Suburu for the little stuff, we were able to cram it all in in one trip. On top of everything for her room she had a recliner and end table for the living room and her dad was driving up an old couch and TV from his basement tomorrow.

All the furniture would be mismatched but at least that room would have something in it. It was kind of depressing to stare at an empty room that used to be filled with nice things and then stolen by the spawn of Satan.

We were back down at street level now, attempting to work the recliner out of the bed of Jameson's truck. I was sweaty, every one of my muscles ached and I was on edge from having to watch Fin lift boxes all morning.

He'd kept his distance from me since our debacle of a race on Monday. It was Sunday. We'd been able to go almost an entire week without mauling each other. I felt good about this. Of course I had to ignore the melting puddle of lust I became every time I stood in the same room as him, but that was just a minor detail.

What was worse, way, way, way worse, was that now, after our little heart to heart, I was attracted to Fin the person, not just Fin the man. And while he was a very, nice, very perfect man, he was an even better person, with depth and character and goodness. He was like my dream man and I couldn't have him, or touch him, I probably shouldn't even be looking at him.

All because of freaking Tara and her thieving, lying, cheating ways. She officially ruined my life.

"Lift from the knees!" Britte snapped at me. She had been throwing out random pieces of weightlifting advice all morning because she thought it was amusing. The first several times she told us to "Hydrate or Die-drate," I laughed. Now, her advice was draining my patience.

"Beckett is pissed you didn't ask him to help us," I changed the subject before she could remind me to breath in through my mouth and out through my nose. "He texted me earlier to let me know how disappointed he was in you."

"I know, he texted me too," she said quietly, reverting into herself. She had been doing that lately, every time I brought up one of my brothers.

"He texted you? Since when do you guys text?" my jaw kind of hung open. Beckett didn't text girls unless he was demanding a booty call. And since when had he and Britte exchanged numbers?

"Ok, Ellie, don't hate me," she whispered fiercely from the other side of the recliner.

We were carrying it upright through the parking lot since the base was the heaviest part, but had to readjust through the doorway.

"You should never start stories like that," I whispered back and then realized I was whispering. I stood up straight and adjusted the chair so I could walk backwards up the next three flights of stairs with the light end.

Britte grunted from her end but continued, "So, in a night of drunken stupor, one that I don't even remember.... Apparently Beckett and I...."

"Oh, no. What? What did you do?" I gasped, both impatient and reluctant to hear the end of this story.

"We made out, that's it. Or that's all that Beckett will tell me happened. Because honestly, I don't remember. I am for sure still a virgin though, so we didn't go that far," she finished almost as an afterthought.

"How do you know for sure?" I went back to whispering, terrified for my friend and murderous for my brother.

"Because Beckett said, 'Jesus Christ Britte, if I would have taken your virginity you would have goddamned remembered it,'" she flinched and then said, "That's a direct quote."

"Sounds like him," I had to agree. "How could you not remember?"

"I was really drunk, and it was late. I remember hanging out with him earlier in the night and there are these vague memories I get of him and me with, uh, very little clothes on, but I'm not sure what's real." She sounded thoughtful but muffled, probably from how the recliner was balanced on her forehead.

"We should have made Fin and Jameson get this," I huffed.

"Weren't we trying to prove something about women's rights?" Britte panted back.

"Stupid, so stupid. Men can have the heavy lifting jobs. I'll sweep and mop and vacuum."

"And the trash jobs, anything involving trash," she agreed. "I'll do other womanly stuff, like scrub toilets and fold clothes."

"We're so forward thinking," I noted.

"We're like post-feminist. The new-age-feminist."

"I would laugh, but I can't breathe." In fact, I had stopped breathing and started grunting. This could not be attractive. But we were on the final flight, almost there. "So how did you find out it was Beckett?"

"He kept texting me. The first time I asked who it was and he told me Beckett. I said, like Ellie's Beckett? And he got really short with me and sent this text about how I shouldn't think of him like that anymore. Needless to say I was a little confused. Then he ate lunch with me one day and he was really flirty, but I was mostly freaked out. I mean, he was Beckett. I've had a crush on him since I met you, but he's always been, you know, off limits. He texted me later and asked if I was Ok with everything and if something was wrong like he had a right to know what was going on in my life. So I asked him what his problem was and he said he had fun the other night and he wanted to do it again. Then I told him I had no idea what happened the other night or what he was talking about."

"Oh, no." I sighed.

"Yeah, he did not take that well. And he's been yelling at me ever since." B sounded exhausted by the whole thing and I wondered if he had hurt her yet or just really confused her.

"Are you Ok?" I asked just as we reached the door to our apartment.

"I will be when he moves on," she admitted. "Els, he's hot, but he's a little bit exasperating."

"Tell me about it." I rolled my eyes even though there was no way she could see me through the recliner and then nudged the door open with my hip. We readjusted the recliner again and then again and then one more time before we squeezed it into the doorway at an odd angle.

Fin and Jameson were stealing water bottles out of the refrigerator and all conversation died as soon as we walked in the door.

"Hey!" I yelled at them. "She said she would buy you beer and pizza, stop stealing my water!"

"Els, I don't think Fin's here for beer and pizza," Britte stage whispered from across the chair.

We were still having trouble getting it through the door. We were stuck and I was smashed against the L shaped wall and the chair.

"What makes you say that?" I asked, my back was to Fin and I felt his heated stare on my ass.

"It's probably the drool that's been dripping down his chin since he saw you in those short shorts this morning," she waggled her eyebrows at me.

I growled at her and then asked, "Hey Fin, what are you doing?" I shot Britte a smug look although I didn't really know what I was expecting.

"Ogling you," he said simply.

Britte snickered and I heard Jameson cough into his hand.

"Could you stop?" I gritted out.

"Probably not."

A cleared my throat, willing my cheeks to stop blushing and asked, "Then could you at least ogle me over here? We need some help!"

I heard him move off the kitchen counter but he still said, "Only if you promise to ogle me back." He stopped just behind me so that his body heated warmed my back.

"And here I thought we were getting good at being friends," I said flippantly.

He reached down next to me, lifting the chair out of my hands. I let it go easily but he still stalled my retreat by whispering in my ear, "Not friends, Ellie. Never friends."

I shivered, letting his words sink into my skin. I wasn't going to let things get beyond flirting, not again, but it didn't mean I didn't love every moment of his attention.

"What do you think, Britte?" Fin asked as he shouldered most of the weight of the chair and guided it into the apartment. "Is Ellie ogling me? Is she holding up her part of the deal?"

"I think she's been holding up her part of the deal since you showed up this morning," Britte answered dryly.

I was probably going to kill her.

If Beckett didn't get around to it first.

"I regret letting you move in with me already." I threw her a nasty look and then joined Jameson in the kitchen. "J and I are deciding on pizza and you two aren't allowed to vote. Don't worry though, roomie, I have Fin's credit card memorized."

"I thought I was getting paid for this good deed?" Fin called back in while Britte directed him around the room with the chair.

"You were. But you're not anymore," I explained.

"I don't have to pay for any of this, do I?" Jameson asked. He sounded annoyed but he'd been wearing a permanent grin all day.

"No, don't worry. Plus, I still owe you for all your Econ notes." I called and ordered enough pizzas for everybody, basically an entire large for each person. Britte wouldn't be able to stomach that much food, but then I could save hers as left overs. Fin could be so generous when I was in charge of his credit card.

"How do you feel about the midterm?" Jameson asked after I hung up the cellphone.

"Not bad actually. Thanks to your notes and tutoring."

"We make a pretty good team. You're not as lost as you think you are. But if you still want help, we can keep studying together." His cheekbones were highlighted with pink again and he kept brushing his auburn hair out of his eyes.

"That would be great. I could always use help, thank you. After spring break? We could start like a weekly study session. Just go over the class or whatever?" I asked hopefully.

"That works. You'll get it in no time," he promised with a sweet smile.

We finished unloading everything by the time the pizza came. Fin and Jameson even had time to run out and get a couple six packs of Spotted Cow. Then we stood around the kitchen counter eating straight from the boxes.

"My feet hurt," Britte whined. "I want to sit down."

I gave her a helpless shrug. "I used to have furniture. I will never take that for granted again."

"Tara the biotch. I hate that little witch," Britte grumbled and then grabbed a paper towel, another piece of pizza and plopped down in the recliner.

"One day, I want to hear the entire story," Jameson looked at me, sincere and serious.

"One day I will tell you the entire story," I promised and then winked at him.

I felt Fin's eyes on me so I turned around and engaged Britte in small talk. She wasn't really paying attention to me, she was watching Jameson and Fin interact behind me. I could feel them communicating without words but I didn't even want to guess what it was about.

Until suddenly Jameson announced, "Alright, thanks for the pizza Britte, I mean, Fin. I've got to go."

"Already?" I asked, mostly because I had a feeling it would piss Fin off.

"Oh yeah, I still have to finish, uh, I have a date, later. I forgot about it until right now. Better go." And then he was gone, before any of us could even say goodbye.

I whirled on Fin, "Did you scare off your own friend."

"What?" he asked incredulously. "You heard him, Ellie, he had a date."

I just rolled my eyes at him.

"Actually, I have to go too," Britte stood up from the recliner and wiped her hands off on her paper towel. "I have study group in a half hour. And that is not an excuse, I really do."

"Aw, I thought we'd hang out tonight. You know do roommate stuff, like eat ice cream, watch scary movies! I even splurged and bought Kitkats and Rocky Road!"

"Some other night, Els, sorry babe," she disappeared into her room presumably to get dressed.

And then it was just Fin and me. I turned around and gave him an awkward smile.

He was leaning against the counter watching me. His eyes had gone dark and intense and his jaw was doing that ticking thing, that rapid muscle movement I was starting to realize appeared whenever he was trying to hold himself back. He wanted to kiss me right now; I felt it down to my very bones.

And for a moment I was so desperate to let him I forgot how to breathe.

"Can I help you?" I asked while putting the left over pizza into plastic wrap and stacking the boxes for the trash later. Why couldn't they make pizza boxes the size of normal trash cans? As a college student I admittedly ate a lot of pizza, but honestly was it so much to ask for a narrow box?

"What kind of guys are you into?" he asked firmly. He was leaning back against the opposite counter, still and calm. He was so tall, each of his muscles long and lithe, but now with his question each piece of him was brimming with tension, like he was coiled to strike. I felt like this was a trap, like he was setting me up for an attack.

"Am I into?" I stalled. My emotions were everywhere, want warring with resolve.

"Like, what's your type?" he asked again, standing up straighter as if he were on display, as if he were letting me judge him against whatever I pictured in my head.

But my answer was easy. Smart. Funny. Protective. Loyal. Compassionate. Good. You. They were all there, right at the tip of my tongue but I couldn't say or admit any of them. So instead I said absently, "Pirates."

Fin choked on his surprised laughter. "What?"

So calmly, fighting hard for a straight face, "I'm looking for a pirate." I wetted a paper towel and started wiping down the counters while Fin let that settle in.

"Is that so?"

"Definitely. I'm all about pirates."

"Argh! Then come here you lusty wench," Fin caught me around the waist and somehow twisted me so that when I turned around I was pressed up against his chest. He smiled down at me, the bright, disarming one and then attacked my neck with a messy, wet, loud kiss. Against my skin he gave his best pirate impersonation, "Tonight you walk the plank."

I started laughing before I could push him away. Besides, I could feel how strongly he did not want me to push him away. But he was being playful and fun, so I fell into the moment, refusing to let my fears take away from this.... from him. He started tickling my sides and I was hysterically laughing and struggling to get away from him when the apartment door opened and then shut. Apparently Britte was gone.

"Stop!" I gasped for breath between my insane giggling. "You win! You win!"

"I like winning," he grinned. He stopped tickling me but didn't let go, and instead wrapped his arms around my waist so I was held tightly to his chest.

"Lusty wench?" I gaped. "Not true!"

"Really? Then why can I feel how badly you want to kiss me right now? How badly you've wanted me to kiss you all day?"

"It's not my fault! It's all these nice muscles," I offered helpfully. I squeezed his bicep in my grip and then gave him a "See? Not my fault," look. "It's not my fault you're like man-candy."

He ignored me. "Let's watch a movie."

I chewed my bottom lip thinking about that. "I don't have any furniture, or a TV or DVD's or a DVD player."

He laughed lightly. "Do you have a bed?"

I nodded, afraid of what my voice would sound like if I tried to talk. I had a bed.... that I should never, ever take him near. If so, I would not be responsible for my actions.

"My computer is down in the car," he explained. "I brought movies. We could watch one on your bed. We'd both have a place to sit."

"You were planning to hang out tonight?" I put together everything that was left unsaid.

"All day, I've been planning to do a whole lot more, but I better restrain myself to hanging out," he admitted and the blush reappeared across my cheekbones and chest.

"Promise not to kiss me?" I asked, but willed him to say no.

"Yes," he finally agreed.

This was another one of those moments where it would be really nice if he could just read my mind and disregard everything I'd said and done thus far.

When I was still wavering he laid down another car, "I brought popcorn."

"Go get your computer and I'll make my room boy-ready," I said quickly, while wiggling out of his arms.

"I'm going to take that as a good sign," he called after me.

"What's a good sign?"

"That your room isn't already boy-ready. You must not have found the right pirate yet." He sounded smug and confident and I should have teased him back, I should have discouraged him.... but I didn't have it in me.

I wanted him to be my pirate.

Fin returned with the popcorn, which was actually kettle corn, which was even better. And I grabbed the Kitkats because I was feeling very generous.

He brought three movies to choose from: Trainspotting, which I had already seen and was traumatized from. I would never, ever become a drug addict thanks to that movie; Memento, which seemed confusing to me- besides, what was with his bizarre-o taste in movies?- and The Hobbit.

I picked The Hobbit.

But it felt like my only choice in this situation.

"Don't you have any romantic comedies?" I asked once we were propped against my headboard, legs extended, laptop resting on Fin's stomach. I had to lean into him to see it, which I figured was his plan, since he lifted his arm so I could snuggle against his body.

Sneaky bastard.

"The Hobbit is as romantic as I get," he laughed at me. With his pointer finger he started the movie and then pulled me closer to him. I stared at his long finger transfixed by how sexy I found just his finger! And, per his request, because the lights were off, his finger was illuminated by the light of his screen, his movements were so confident, so purposeful.... just like Fin.

I fit against him perfectly; my head lay on his chest, my arms tucked to his chest. This night would ruin me. I would never be able to come back from it.

"At least you didn't bring The Matrix," I sighed, mostly to cover my utter contentment. No place had ever felt as blissful as this.

"What do you have against The Matrix?"

"Only that I know every single line and fight scene in the entire movie. My brothers used to make me play Trinity while they reenacted every scene, it was like torture. Lennox was Neo, Grayson was always Agent Smith and then they made Beckett be Morpheus. My mom wouldn't even let me watch the movie because I was so little, but I still knew all the lines."

"Sounds like childhood trauma," Fin laughed. "Don't worry, I won't make you watch that one."

"Thank you!" I lifted my head off his chest so I could look up at him. "As soon as Colton found out I still had most of the lines memorized he made me watch it with him and recite them word for word."

Fin laughed but mostly stared at me. "I won't make you watch it, but if you want to reenact any of the scenes as Trinity, I'll gladly play Neo."

"Oh my gosh," I groaned. He laughed this time and I felt him shake underneath me.

"It sounds like you a good childhood. Did your brothers always make you play with them?"

I lifted my head so I could talk to him again. "Yes, they did. Unlike most older siblings, they wanted me to tag along with them. My parents live on a pretty big piece of property with this sprawling woods on the back of it. And whenever they would go play back there they forced me to go with them. I just wanted to play Barbies in my room or read alone, but they always dragged me from the house. I built forts, played capture the flag, joined in their stupid games, did everything little girls hate."

"But yet you're not a tom boy?"

"Ha!" I rolled my eyes. "No, I'm not. They were weird like that. They forced me to learn how to play football but then the minute I put on a baseball hat, or t-shirt they would make fun of me relentlessly. When I got to junior high they would not let up until I learned how to do my makeup and then Lennox was the one who took me to buy my first pair of high heels. We got to the department store and I thought this was so cool, my brother actually cared. But then he just sat in a chair and told me to pick out whatever I wanted and not to bother him until I had a pair picked out. Needless to say, they were not cute. But Lennox was really proud of them for some reason."

"It sounds like they really care about you," Fin said thoughtfully.

I snorted, "Were you not listening? They tortured me!"

He chuckled again and I moved with the rhythm of his body. "No, they included you, made you tough but made sure you stayed girly too. They wanted you to have the best of both worlds."

I thought that over for a minute wondering if that could be true. Looking back, maybe my whole life wasn't just about making me miserable. "Ok, maybe," I finally relented, but just barely. "But I let them get away with way too much. Now they think they can still run my life. It gets really old."

"They don't think they can run your life, even if they want to. They let you date Colton. Even I'm pissed they let that go on for as long as it did. They just care about you," Fin said softly, gently. "Believe me, I have a younger brother that I would die for. They want the best for you and they believe it's their job to make sure you get it."

His sincere words almost broke my heart.

But I still said, "I don't like your point. I've worked hard to build my wall of resentment. I'm not going to let you talk me out of it."

He smiled down at me like he thought I was adorable. "You should tell them about us." He coughed suddenly while I panicked inside. "I mean, about me. You should tell them we're friends now."

My body was thrumming with nervous energy. What did he think was going on between us? It was one thing to be attracted to each other, another thing to flirt. I could even throw in all those accidental make outs. But telling my family about us?

"Yeah, maybe," I whispered and turned my attention back to Bilbo Baggins.

We stopped talking after that and I worked really hard to pay attention to the movie. But I was strung tight with anxiety. For the last week I'd done nothing but realize how much more I wanted with Fin, but it always seemed impossible. Even without the debt in between us, I couldn't believe he actually wanted a relationship with anyone, let alone with me. He just wasn't that kind of guy. Plus he had a million other responsibilities and was graduating in a month.

To go to med school.

Eventually, after an hour of obsessing over every impossibility standing in our way I drifted off to sleep. It was too easy, wrapped up in the warmth of him, his hard chest as a surprisingly comfortable pillow. I felt myself slide my arm across his chest, but I was too tired to talk myself out of it. And just before I drifted off completely I felt him press the sweetest kiss to the top of my head.

Impossible, but wonderful.

I woke hours later. It was still dark, my room only lit by the muted streetlight from behind my closed blinds. I was warm, extremely warm, that's what woke me. I realized then it was because my chest was pressed against Fin's chest, his arm woven tightly around my waist, holding me to him. His laptop was nowhere to be seen. His face was buried in my neck, his breath fanning out against my neck and collarbone. My arms were raised above my head so I could give him all the room he needed to press us together. Our legs were intertwined, tangled with each other to keep us as close together as we could get.

I blushed deeply. He would not be happy to wake up here like this.

I tried to separate myself from him, to wiggle away. I could go crawl into bed with Britte and he could sleep in my bed for the night. But as soon as I started to move, Fin's hold on me tightened and he pressed me even closer to his body.

"Don't you dare, Ellie," he growled into my neck, his voice rough with sleep. "Give me this one night."

It was a command, not a request. And I was helpless to follow it. I relaxed into him and he held me impossibly tighter to him. His fingers trailed lightly through my hair and across the nape of my neck. I sighed softly before I could stop myself and he leaned in to kiss the sweet spot just under my ear.

He groaned as if frustrated and then whispered almost so quietly I didn't hear him, "I'm going to keep you."

The next time I woke, it was morning. The light behind my curtain was brighter and natural, but Fin and I were still in that same position. One of my arms had fallen completely asleep and I could taste how bad my breath smelled since I hadn't brushed my teeth the night before.

Ok, rancid breath equaled the worst case scenario ever.

I looked down at Fin, but all I could see was his mess of hair. His face was still buried into the crook of my neck, his arms still tightly around me. His body was deliciously warm, crushed against mine.

I didn't want to leave his arms.... ever. But if I wanted to do this again, I was going to have to brush my teeth. Let's face it; if I didn't fix this breath problem right now, there would be no future of waking up in Fin Hunter's arms.

I tried to wiggle free, but his grip was so tight, and his muscled arms extremely heavy. He grunted when I extracted one of my legs and then gripped me tighter when I pulled the other one free.

And then I felt it, a warm, wet kiss against my neck. I sucked in a breath, realizing he was awake and not about to let me go. He trailed more sensual kisses across my throat and my heart started to pound in my chest. His mouth went up to my ear, paying special attention to my lobe, biting, kissing, licking.

My breathing followed the frantic rhythm of my heart and soon I was clutching at his hair, fighting to hold onto sanity.

He stayed away from my mouth, probably fighting the same morning breath I was dealing with, but he kissed me everywhere else. Long, seductive kisses that left my skin burning from his touch. His leg slipped between mine again and when he moved against me, my heart actually shuddered.

Holy hell. Desire shot through me and I held onto him tighter.

He kissed down my neck on his way back to my br**sts. And I moaned something encouraging but even I couldn't tell what I said. His hands suddenly gripped me tighter and yanked me to my back so that he hovered over me.

He lifted his lips off my chest and stared down at me with heated agony. His hair was tussled from sleep, a full day's growth had roughened his jaw and his lips were swollen from kissing. His arms held him above me, his biceps taut with the strain. His leg was wedged tightly between mine, adding a delicious pressure.

And he looked at me like he wanted to devour me.

My bad breath was completely forgotten.

He rocked against me, his leg building pressure in between mine. I gasped and clutched at his shoulders.

"You're so beautiful," he whispered above me. My whole body reacted to those words, melting into him. He leaned down, kissing me so sweetly on the corner of my mouth. "I'm never going to be able to stay away, Ellie."

Just as I was about to tell him not to Britte started banging on my door, causing us both to jump. Fin's head shot up and he glared at the door like he could destroy it with the power of his stare.

"Ellie, I know Fin's in there!" She shouted. "Beckett's on his way over right now! I'm so sorry! I asked him last night for help with the couch my dad's bringing just to get him to shut up about it! I had no idea you would be uh.... busy." She squeaked the last word and I felt my skin flush bright red.

Fin looked down at me, a proud smirk twisting his lips. "You are busy," he murmured. He went back to nuzzling my neck, kissing me again but lighter, slower kisses, the original desperation gone.

"Ellie!" Britte shouted, a bit frantically.

"Ok, thanks, B!" I called back but my voice was hoarse from sleep.

"God, you sound sexy," Fin rumbled against my throat. His shadow of a beard was scratchy against my skin, abrading it with each movement of his face, but I found that I loved the feeling of it, loved how I could feel where his skin had been touching mine.

"Fin," I whispered, refusing to believe he had to go.

"I'm leaving, but only because Beckett would never accept us if he found me here like this," he sounded so responsible. So.... hopeful. "I'll call you later."

And then he was off me and sitting at the edge of the bed. He straightened his t-shirt and then reached down for his shoes.

"You work today?" he asked from over his shoulder.

"Yes, it's my Sunday shift," I explained. I was a little shell-shocked after spending the night in Fin's arm and the morning make-out session in which I did none of the kissing.

"Get next Sunday off," he ordered plainly, as if I wouldn't argue with him.

"I don't know if I can, it's kind of late-"

"If you can't get it off, I'll talk to Ty." He stood up and looked down at me with those heated eyes, his jaw fixed and his expression fixed into the one I knew better than to argue with.

"Ok, bossy," I rolled my eyes and sat up. The consequences of what just happened seamed to roll over me in waves. I knew I had to stay away from Fin, but I kept torturing myself with him over and over.

Fin narrowed his eyes at me. "We're going to talk later," he promised in that same authoritative tone.

"Fin, I don't think that's a good-"

He cut me off again, "We will talk later."

Stubbornly, I continued, "We just need to remember we're friends. I think it's safest if we-"

"We've never been friends, Ellie. Stop that thought right now." He leaned down then and shut me up by kissing me quickly but passionately on the lips. I was effectively silenced. And then, forever getting the last word in, he whispered sweetly, "We will talk later."

I could do nothing but nod, even while I wondered if I had somehow given up all control of my life to him.

Given my heart to him.

Chapter Seventeen

I walked into Bailey's still in a daze. Beckett had come over, not ten minutes after Fin left. I wanted to feel relief that they didn't run into each other, but I was inexplicably disappointed. I had the irrational desire to introduce Fin as "not my friend," even though I didn't know what that meant.

"Hi, Beckett, this is Fin. He's not my friend. We're going to talk about that later. Oh, and don't mind that our clothes are wrinkled and it's obvious we spent the night wrapped in each other's arms. That's just part of our non-friendship. Also, as a side note, I owe him seven thousand dollars that he thinks I lost in online poker, but I didn't really."

Yeah, that sounded about right.

I clocked in and put my apron on, going about my regular hostess duties. I was the only one scheduled this early in the afternoon. Two other hosts would be coming on closer to dinner service, but I had to make sure everything was set up first.

It would be an easy but busy night. Sunday's were mostly always the same. The dinner rush was early and heavy and then it would die down and the rest of the night would drag on. Britte usually worked with me, but she requested this weekend off when she knew she would be moving this weekend.

I made sure all the tables were set up with ketchup bottles filled and salt and pepper shakers in working order. I couldn't stop replaying last night in my head. Fin convincing me my brothers just loved me, spending the night cuddled in his arms, this morning....

Ugh. He was just too perfect. How was I supposed to remember things like my moral integrity when he confused every part of me.

I walked to the back office that was through the stainless steel kitchen. Cooks and expeditors were prepping food while the two dishwashers were stacking clean glasses precariously high. I didn't know everyone well, but working in a restaurant was like working with extended family. We knew everything about each other and for the most part got along, although gossip flew out of control.

The cooks whistled at me while I walked past and I shot them a flirty wave. They were lecherous and brazen but they were mostly harmless. Plus, everybody wanted to be on their good side, so we all put up with it.

I found Ty alone in his cluttered office, working on the schedule. Papers were stacked in random piles on his desk; his computer was set off to the side, but covered in more papers. The shelves above the desk were heavy with training manuals and videos, and where there weren't thick binders there were manila folders filled with more paperwork. He looked up at me and gave me a tired smile. Ty was not messy, Ty was regimented and orderly. But he shared this office with two other managers and the owner. I wondered if his exhaustion stemmed from the paperwork tornado as much as anything else.

He seemed too big for this office, his huge, broad shoulders filling out the small space and his tree trunk sized legs not fitting under the desk well at all.

"Hey, Els," he greeted.

"Hey, Ty," I smiled back. I didn't even know what pulled me in here. This morning I had been determined not to let Fin get away with bossing me around. But since then, I wondered if it had something to do with the Sunday dinner I heard him talking to Ty about before. There was hope that he was taking me to meet his family before I could squelch it. And even though I'd been talking myself out of this all day, I was still here. I was still asking.

"How can I help you?" he looked down at the schedule again and frowned.

"Um, I was just wondering if I could have next Sunday off?" I tried to sound casual but Ty's head snapped up immediately.

"Why?" h demanded.

I wasn't expecting that question. I didn't really think it was any of his business. "I just need it off."

"Does this have something to do with Fin Hunter?" he asked carefully. His eyes narrowed on me and his body went still, alert. I felt like a threat, like I was an enemy or something and he was back in the army deciding how best to deal with me.

My voice shook when I answered, "Yes, it does."

His tone was hard steel when he asked, "Is he taking you to meet his family?"

"I don't know. He just told, um, asked me to get Sunday off."

"Then he's taking you to his grandma's. He does one thing on Sundays and that's spend time with his family." He softened his voice just a little bit and he relaxed back into his chair. "Did he tell you about them?"

"Yes," I answered.

"So are you a couple?"

"No," I replied quickly. When Ty's eyes narrowed again I realized I answered too quickly. "It's complicated."

"Ellie, when I warned you before to stay away from him that was because I knew he could hurt a girl like you. Hurt you deeply. I know he has a reputation, and I know you're too good of a girl to get mixed up with that. But if he's taking you home to meet his family then you are one of the only people I know of that has the ability to hurt him. I'm fiercely protective of that boy, so you better tell me how it's complicated and how you plan to un-complicate it right now."

I gulped. Oh boy. I was not expecting that at all.

"Close the door and sit down," Ty commanded.

"But my job-"

Ty pulled something up on the computer quickly, his fingers clacking against the keyboard rapidly. "Stephen just clocked in. You'll be covered for a while. Now tell me what is going on between the two of you." He waited for a minute while I gathered my courage and seemed to infer something from my silence. All of a sudden, he snapped, "You're pregnant, aren't you?"

"Oh my gosh! Ty!" I hissed. "You cannot just throw out accusations like that! And no! I'm not pregnant."

Holy hell, that was going to get back to my brothers somehow.

"Alright, you're not pregnant. Then tell me what's going on."

So I did. I started with my terrible roommate and identity theft and how Fin needed money and he thought I owed it to him. I told him how we worked out a deal, and I'd been scrimping and saving for the last four weeks just to save up something for him because I couldn't go to my family. When he gave me the stink eye for my stubbornness I explained a truth I hadn't realized until that morning. I didn't go to my family at first because I didn't want their help, but lately I realized I would do anything to help Fin. Now I didn't go to them because I didn't want them to think badly of Fin. I didn't want them to look down on his online poker game when all he was doing was trying to provide a better life for his family and I didn't want them to look down on him for demanding money from me when it would be so clear to them that it wasn't my debt to begin with. Now I didn't ask for help because I was protecting Fin. I finished my story with how close we'd gotten through this whole thing, and how we both wanted more but the money was standing in the way.

"So why doesn't he just erase the debt?" Ty asked at the end of it.

"I won't let him. If he cancels the debt because he wants to sleep with me, then that means I sold out for seven thousand dollars. I can't, Ty. I would never respect myself and neither would he."

"But it sounds like he wants more than sex," Ty observed.

I blushed deeply; this was a weird conversation to have with my boss.

"He's never said that to me," I argued. "And I wouldn't want to have more anyway. He graduates in a month, and his whole life revolves around taking care of Declan. I don't want to get in the way of that. Besides, I'm a mess, a walking disaster. I don't even know what I want to major in yet and next year I'll be a junior. I'm not good for him."

"What you're trying to tell me right now is you're not good enough for him." My breath hitched in my throat at his words. I'd been ignoring those thoughts and feelings, but now that Ty just laid them out there for me I couldn't help but agree that they were true. "Listen, Ellie, I know your ex-boyfriend messed you up-"

"No, he didn't," I interrupted. "I don't care about Colton."

"Eleanor, you dated him for a long time, five years or something."

"Three," I interrupted again but I felt the heaviness of what he was saying.

He nodded his head like he was allowing my insight of information. "Now, I don't know if you loved him or not, but three years is a long time. And the boy treated you poorly and then he did wrong by you. That messes with a girl's self-esteem. But you need to understand that you allowed Colton to happen in your life and you allowed that to continue. It's not your fault that he cheated on you, that boy lost the best thing that could have ever happened to him. But all his misdeeds messed with your head. And it's up to you now whether you're going to allow Fin to happen to you, or if you're going to shut him down and allow this pattern of unworthy boys and heartache to continue to happen to you."

Ty's words were like an ice cold bucket of reality thrown over my head and I really wanted to resent him for them. But I couldn't. He was right. "So you're saying I have low self-esteem and my only option for happiness is to date Fin? Otherwise I'm going to date losers for the rest of my life?" Even though I believed everything Ty was saying I couldn't get the disbelief out of my tone.

"I'm saying, that you have strong feelings for Fin. And Fin, obviously has very, very strong feelings for you, otherwise he wouldn't be pursuing this hard. If you turn your back on something that could be good, really, really good for both of you, then you're telling the universe you don't want good things. You'll settle for subpar. You'll settle for being hurt."

I couldn't stop my head from rearing back. Was Ty right?

"What happened to just working on me for a little bit?" I grasped at straws.

"Ellie, if you can't see what a great man Fin Hunter is, and how good he would treat you then maybe you don't deserve him," I opened my mouth to protest but he held up his hand and so I just listened. "He has been to hell and back more than once in his life. He doesn't let people in easily and he doesn't trust others ever. Everyone important in his life has let him down at some point or the other except for his grandmother and his brother. He has walls so thick I didn't think anything could get through them. But then there's you. And he's invited you to family dinner at his grandmother's house. And you're not sure if you can let go of your pride long enough to even consider what this boy is offering to you." Tears pricked at my eyes, my heart breaking for Fin all over again. "And Ellie, if Fin is offering his heart to you, it's just a formality because believe me when I say you already have it."

Those words hung in the air between us with so much weight I didn't think I would be able to breathe through them.

"Ok, but what about the fact that he doesn't believe me about Tara? He still thinks I'm the one that lost all that money." It was my last defense, my last hope to come out of this unscathed.

"Sweetheart, do you really think Fin would let you get that close if he still believed you're the one that ripped him off? Hell, he might never have believed it. Maybe he just wanted to keep you around."

Something about that resonated so true with me; I actually jumped from the way my heart slammed into my chest.

I swiped at a tear and mumbled, "Geez, Ty, when did you get to be such a romantic."

"I'm not," he huffed. "I just care for those kids."

"Why? How did you get to know them?"

"I served with his dad in Afghanistan. I was there when he died. He regretted every day I knew him how he abandoned his kids, but he admitted he wasn't man enough to do anything about it. He ran from how hard it was, while his first born son stayed to take over his job. Colin wasn't a bad man apart from what he did to his family, but he was lost. And he punished himself every day. While he was dying he begged me to do the job that he couldn't, made me promise to look after his family. I said I would, of course. Colin died as a man filled with bitter regrets, I knew I could never let myself become like that. But when I got here, I realized his family didn't need me to take care of them, they had Fin."

I was full on crying now, a big sobbing mess.

"Fin's been single-minded since the day I met him. I didn't think anything could penetrate those thick defenses he's built around him. But then it seems, there is you."

I sniffled. "You really trust him? You trust that I'm more than a hook-up?"

"Has he ever made you feel like that's all you would be? I know you've only known him a short time, but Ellie, you have to see what I do. You have to know by now that there is so much more to him than that."

In a shaky but confident voice I whispered, "I do."

"Good," Ty grunted. "Alright, now are you going to be able to finish your shift tonight or am I going to have to call in a replacement?"

"Good grief," I groaned. "I'm fine. You're the one that's all emotional." I grinned through watery eyes since that was not at all true. Even though I knew Ty's feelings for Fin and his family ran deep, he still was as stoic as ever.

"Get out of here, go do your job," he shooed me away but not before I caught a hint of a smile.

I wiped at my eyes and obeyed. Back on the floor I casually walked to the bathroom to fix my face before joining Steve at the host stand. We were working with another high school girl tonight, Katie. Hopefully he would hit on her the whole night.

"What's up gorgeous?" Steve called out as I approached the host stand.

"Oh, no. Not already," I groaned.

"Hey baby, you alright?" his voice dropped with sincerity but he never lost his swagger.

"Yes, Stephen, I'm fine."

"No you're not, you look like hell. Do you need me to beat the shit out of somebody? Who hurt you? You tell me, I'll kick their ass," he threatened in his manliest voice.

"Thanks for the offer, but it's not necessary. I'll be fine." I sighed wearily and looked around for Katie. She had to be avoiding him or working. She hated both.

"Are you pregnant?" he asked louder than I ever wanted that phrase to be uttered.

"No!" I screeched. "And you're the sEcond person to ask me that. Good lord, do I look pregnant?"

"No, girl, you look fine. But even pretty girls get knocked up, surely you know this. No one is immune from the love stick when you're not using protection."

"Oh my gosh. I want to die!" I started walking to the bathroom before Creep-o Steve-o could spout anymore unwanted advice.

"Alright, girl! I'm here if you want to talk though!"

That was the last he got out though for the rest of the night. Dinner service picked up like expected and we were slammed with customers. As soon as everything died down I let him and Katie go immediately. Katie was anxious to get done and I was terrified every time Steve opened his mouth, not knowing what craziness would fall out.

Once they were gone and everyone in the restaurant started counting down the minutes left till close, Lennox and Grayson walked in. They were so intimidating, even to me. They walked shoulder to shoulder, obviously brothers. Grayson was dressed in sweatpants and another wrestling t-shirt and Lennox was dressed in black dress pants and a turquoise polo, ever looking the businessman even on the weekend. They were so different and so similar at the same time. They smiled at me as soon as they approached the host stand and it was obvious they were getting along.

Which was never a good sign.

"What are you guys doing here?" I didn't even try to hide my suspicion.

"Can you eat with us?" Lennox asked, ignoring my question.

"No, but I can sit with you guys until someone else comes in." They gave me mutual looks of approval so I grabbed them menus and sat them in the bar area not far from the host stand. I crawled up onto a bar stool while they looked over the menus briefly and then simultaneously looked up at me.

They were terrifying and they knew it. This was a tactic they used on me often. I was so over it.

"Stop bullying me, why are you here?" I demanded bringing out another smile in both of them.

"Hey, have you noticed anything off with Beckett?" Grayson asked thoughtfully.

Now this was something I did want to talk to them about. "Yes! I think he's into my friend Britte," I confided in them. "He won't stop bothering her."

"What do you mean he's into her?" Lennox asked, amused by this.

"Like he made out with her and now won't stop texting her."

"Wait, he's already hooked up with her?" Grayson's eyes grew big. I knew the feeling of disbelief acutely.

"They only made out," I clarified for Britte's sake. "Britte has some standards; she wouldn't just sleep with Becks."

Grayson and Lennox gave looks of disbelief, but I wasn't about to argue this with them.

Finally Grayson asked, "Does she like him?"

"No, she's terrified of him. I don't think he knows what to do with feelings, so he's scaring the crap out of her," I admitted, feeling kind of bad for Beckett. Although not bad enough to dish it out to my Grayson and Lennox.

They howled with laughter. "He'll figure it out, Els." Lennox promised when they settled down.

"Sure," I shrugged noncommittally. If I told them my true feelings, that I hoped he just moved on and left Britte alone, their fierce loyalty would come out and they would all but join arms with Beckett in an attempt to woo her.

I was her friend; I could never let her fall into a relationship with one of my brothers. Friends don't let friends date their emotionally unavailable, womanizing brothers.

"Did you give Hunter that letter I gave you?" Grayson asked casually, but I noticed how still and quiet Lennox grew.

"Yep," I answered simply and then glanced back at the door. Please let there be customers. Please let there be customers.

"Good," Gray answered.

The waiter for this section popped up just then and took their beer orders of Old Milwaukee. They ordered an appetizer too and then when the waiter was gone, they turned their attention back to me.

"I met him tonight," Lennox stated, still not revealing any emotion.

"Who?"

"Finley Hunter," Lennox shot Grayson a look out of the corner of his eye that showed there was no way I could win this.

"He likes you," Grayson announced.

"Oh, gosh, not this," I shook my head getting ready to stand up and walk away.

"We know that because he told us, Els, so sit down," Grayson snapped and I did but more because I fell back into my seat out of surprise.

One day I would grow a spine. It would probably have to be in a convent away from all these alpha males, but one day....

"He stopped by Gray's apartment earlier, while I happened to be there," Lennox explained. "He had wanted to talk to Gray, but he got both of us instead."

"What are you doing in town anyway?" I demanded suddenly too nervous to hear how their story was going to play out.

"I can't visit my brother?" Lennox looked offended.

"No."

"It doesn't matter what we were doing, that's not the point," Lennox all but growled. "Your boyfriend stopped over to explain to Grayson that he was going to start dating you and he wanted your family to be aware of him."

"What?" I gasped.

"He laid it all out there for us, Els," Grayson nodded in agreement. "He all but demanded we accept him."

"Oh my gosh," I groaned. This night was getting weirder and weirder. "We're not dating, he's not my boyfriend."

"But he will be?" Lennox asked firmly.

"Maybe," I allowed. If I got over the debt. If that was what he really wanted. If that was what I really wanted.... "Not like today or tomorrow or anything. But possibly in the future."

My brothers stared me down, both of them, Lennox with his steely, dark blue eyes and Grayson with his brown. They were so intimidating, each in their own way. And I realized at that moment that I only wanted to please them, to do anything but disappoint them. Still, I wouldn't let them take Fin away from me. It took me until now, or maybe it happened this very sEcond, but he was too important to me to let my family stand in the way.

And suddenly I didn't need to run from my family anymore. I just needed to take a stand when something was finally important enough to stand up for.

"I like him, Gray, Lennox. I really like him. Don't get in the way of this," I beseeched in a polite but deadly voice.

Lennox cracked a smile first and said, "We weren't going to."

"Come on, Els, we're not that bad," Gray sounded offended.

Ugh. Brothers.

"We kind of like him," Lennox continued. "We won't ever let him know that though."

Gray added, "We'll definitely have to make his life a living hell, but you have our approval."

"Thanks guys," I smiled at them adoringly as if their opinion actually mattered. And maybe it did, but just a little bit.

"We need two things from you though," Lennox interrupted my moment of familial bliss.

"Hmm?" I was suspicious once more.

"Don't tell Beckett," Lennox said.

Grayson echoed, "Yeah, don't tell Beckett. He won't be as accepting as we are."

"Plus, it sounds like he has his own problems right now," Lennox grimaced.

"Done." They didn't really need to convince me of that. "What's the sEcond thing?"

"Let dad help you with tuition," Grayson's voice dropped down to his serious octave. "It's killing them that you don't want their help."

"You can still live on your own, work on your own, do whatever you need to do, but just let them help, Els. Alright?" Lennox asked in a kinder tone.

I sighed but thought it over. I got what they were saying. And I didn't want to cause my parents pain but I did want to be independent. Did accepting their help make me less independent? I didn't know. But I did know that they didn't run my life and they hadn't for a long time. Accepting help wouldn't be like handing over the reins to my future, it would be exactly what it sounded like, accepting help.

But I couldn't let my brothers see what a pushover I was. Or they would think they got their way with everything. I finally agreed, "I'll think about it." They gave me nods of approval and then I remembered a question that had been bothering me for a while. "Hey, Gray? Fin said he owed you a debt, that you did something for him that he needed to repay you for. What is it?"

Grayson thought that over for a while and then gave me a sharp look. "You should probably hear this from him, but I don't think it's that big of a deal." He shrugged for effect and then took a breath, "His freshman year he was struggling, really struggling. His grades were behind, his track career was headed down the drain and he seemed stressed all the time. I knew him from the gym, our workouts coincided and so we saw each other often. He needed money; that was his biggest issue. I guess he has some family problems or something. We would talk every time we saw each other, nothing deep or personal but we knew what was going on in each other's lives. One day he was different, he said he didn't need to worry about his family anymore, he had a way to make money. All he needed were a few backers. I backed him." Another shrug.

"You backed him?" I asked in disbelief.

"I invested. I helped him out initially. He looks at it like this big favor, but I'm making money now so it's all but forgotten to me."

"You're making more money now," Lennox cut in with a sly smile.

They didn't seem to want to elaborate that, and I was too dumbfounded to ask any more questions. "You're good men." I finally said and I meant it.

They both gave me adoring smiles and then their food was delivered along with their beers. I left them to their food so I could get some work done, but I never avoided their table. And when I had some down time I stopped by to talk and laugh with them. They talked to me like a grownup, not like the little girl I still felt like around them sometimes and it was nice.

For once in my life I was actually glad they stopped by to see me.

Chapter Eighteen

Still dumbfounded by Grayson's revelation and Ty's pep talk I knew I needed to stop by Fin's house before I left for my parents. It was finally spring break and I was spending four whole days at home. My mom and dad were begging me to stay the entire week, but I felt like four days was being generous enough.

I hauled my suitcase down to my car and then ran back up to get my phone charger and say goodbye to Britte who was leaving later in the week to spend time at her mom's in northern Minnesota. "Britte, I'm leaving!" I called once I found my phone charger.

She walked out of her room, hair askew in a high side ponytail that had seen better days. Her eyeliner was smudged under her eyes and her two day old pajamas were stretched out and baggy.

"Yikes!" I couldn't even hide my terror. "What happened to you?"

"Moving kicked my ass," she groaned on her way to the kitchen.

Moving Britte in had been one of my better life decisions. Not only did she pay her share of the rent on time and in full, she also bought groceries. That she was willing to share! Right now she was opening a can of red bull and pouring herself an industrial size bowl of Captain Crunch.

"So you can't shower?" I asked, amused by this dulled but none the less gorgeous side of Britte.

She grunted something unintelligible and then said, "Your brother is emotionally exhausting me." She finally confessed around a huge bite of cereal. "After he moved the couch yesterday he actually stayed around to talk to my dad."

"What?" I gasped.

"Apparently because of the whole baseball thing, they have a lot in common," she winced. "Beckett told my dad he was going to look him up on Facebook."

"Oh no," I shook my head in disbelief. "Your dad has Facebook?'

"It gets worse." She set her cereal bowl down and dropped her head into her hands.

"How can it possibly get worse than that?" I whispered.

"After my dad left, Beckett wanted to stay and talk to me!" She was shaking her head now, her face still covered by her hands.

"What did you talk about?" I asked carefully. I wasn't really sure if I wanted to know. In my entire life I had never known Beckett to want to talk to a girl. Especially a girl he didn't have to talk to in order to hook up with her in the first place.

"Nothing!" she dropped her hands in defeat. "I told him we had nothing to talk about. And that he was reading way too much into a drunk make out!" She looked at me wide-eyed and then dove back into her cereal.

"And what did he say?"

"He said I would come around and then got up to leave. This made me panic just maybe a little bit because I shot back with, 'Why would I come around when I don't even remember making out with you in the first place?'" She winced again at the memory and I echoed her.

"Oh, no. Did you piss him off?"

"Uh, yeah," she admitted dryly. "He didn't even say anything; he just looked at me like I disappointed him and left."

"Well, at least you didn't have to talk to him. You did save yourself from that inevitable train wreck." I sympathized.

"That's true," she nodded thoughtfully. "I feel bad though."

"Because you do remember kissing him?" I asked carefully.

"Um, yes. It has all come back to me, in hung-over bits and pieces of reckless drunkenness. I know you don't want to hear this Els, but you're brother has a right to be so cocky. Good lord," she sighed and then took another huge bite of cereal.

"So what's the problem?"

"It's Beckett! This box of cereal is more emotional availability than him. Plus, I get the feeling he just wants to soothe his wounded pride. It pissed him off that I didn't remember him right away and then that I didn't fall right into his arms as soon as he put minimal effort into getting my attention. I'm majoring in Bio-Chem, I don't have time to play games and I really don't have time for Beckett. He's used to being the center of everything, I hardly believe he'll understand when I say no to watching him work out in the gym with all his other fan club girls because I have to study six hours just to pass my homework instead. Never mind what it's like around midterms and finals. We are too different. That's all there is to it. Plus, he's your brother. How weird would that be?"

"Super weird," I agreed. All of her points hit their target and I had to wonder what Beckett was thinking. Britte was probably right, his pride was wounded and he was desperate to rebuild his ego. "Do you think he'll leave you alone now?"

"Oh, yes," she nodded emphatically.

"What about your dad? Do you think he's really planning on friending him?"

Her face paled at that thought and she groaned before answering, "I don't know, they really seemed to hit it off."

I laughed at that, and then tried to stop laughing but that only made me laugh harder. "My brother is so weird."

Britte laughed too this time, "Agreed. So what about you and Mr. Hunter? A sleepover? That's not very strictly business."

"Oh gosh," I sighed. "It was, not, um, exactly planned. On my part at least. Fin might have been planning it from the beginning. He's sneaky like that."

"Sounds like he's smitten," She smiled dreamily at me.

I blushed. "I don't know what is going on. I'm so confused. I talked to Ty about it last night and he basically told me I was crazy to be making such a big deal out of this whole seven thousand dollar thing. And then Lennox and Gray stopped by to see me so they could also tell me I have their approval."

"What?" Britte shrieked out. "Start from the beginning. How does Ty know Fin? And how do Lennox and Grayson know anything about this?"

I sighed and then started from the beginning like she asked. I confessed everything about Fin's family and how Ty and him knew each other. And then I went into the crazy story about how Grayson and Fin knew each other and how Fin stopped by and actually stood up to not only Grayson but Lennox too.

When I finished she just looked at me, mouth hanging open. This moment was very similar to when I told her the story about Tara and stealing all of my furniture and sending me into monumental debt.

"Say something, B," I pleaded, hoping she would have sage advice for me.

"I don't know what to say," she finally admitted. "I have all kinds of new respect for Fin and even Ty and Gray. But I get your side of the story too. You feel like you would be literally selling out. And now it's more about helping Declan than even paying Fin back. Maybe you should talk to Fin about it?"

"That's my plan. I'm going to stop by before I head home."

"Good luck," she said sincerely. She walked around the kitchen counter and gave me a sweet hug.

"Thanks. Have fun in Minnesota!" I drawled out the "o" like only those from Wisconsin and Minnesota could and then I squeezed her tight. "I'll see you when you get back."

"Love ya," she said when we finally let go.

"Love you too!"

I walked down to my car more confused than ever. Britte's concerns with Beckett started to resonate a little too close to home. Were Fin and I just too different? He was a great guy and I was absolutely crazy to pass this up, but would I still feel good about everything between us if I gave in?

"Ellie? Can we talk?"

"Ah!" I screamed. Colton was leaning against the trunk of my car, elbows bent behind him and hands spread out on the faded blue paint. His electric blue eyes were bright with emotion and I recognized his expression as "deeply concerned."

"Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you," he apologized and then straightened up to standing.

"No, it's Ok, I was just lost in my own head." I shrugged. What was he doing here?

"I saw you load up your bag and then run back inside," he explained. "I thought you'd be right back down."

"Oh, sorry," I flushed, feeling irrationally bad for leaving him out here for so long. "I got sidetracked inside. You should have texted or something."

"You haven't been answering my texts," he accused in probably the most pathetic voice I'd ever heard.

I cleared my throat because that was true but I didn't know what to say. "What do you need, Colton?"

"I miss you," he admitted softly.

What? "Colton, are you serious?"

"Of course, I'm serious. Ellie, you were a big part of my life and then suddenly you aren't ever around anymore. I try to talk to you and you start making out with other guys, I try to text you and you ignore me. I miss you and it's driving me crazy! I just want things to go back to how they were."

"Colton, you cheated on me!" I could not believe this. He could not be serious.

"That was a moment," I glared at him until he amended his argument, "those were moments of pure stupidity. I love you, Ellie. We grew up in love together. And we can pretend that there's someone else out there for us, but we both know, in the end, we'll come back to each other. I need you Ellie-belly. And I know you need me too."

He sounded so sincere, so tragically remorseful that I almost wanted to believe him. The tiny, miniscule, wretched vindictive part of me cheered that he felt so terrible after hurting me. But the rational, kinder part of my brain reminded me of how I felt about our relationship, how I had given up long before Colton cheated.

"Colton, we were never good for each other. We were wasting our time and we both knew it. I think we both know that's why you cheated. Three years and following each other to college is a big deal and I don't think either one of us knew how to walk away from that. But we needed to. I don't think it's Ok that you cheated, and I'll never think it was Ok. But I'm happy with where I'm at now. I'm happy we're not together anymore." I felt very mature at the end of that, even while in my head I was editing all the bad names I would have liked to call him.

"You're happy we're not together now?" He spat out and then crossed his arms, the ultimate defensive move for Colton. "Why? Because you have Fin Hunter?"

"I don't have Fin Hunter-"

Colton cut me off, "He's not going to be your boyfriend, Ellie. He just wants to hook up. Everybody knows that about him. I want to be your boyfriend. I love you. We have a future together."

Colton left me almost speechless. I meant it when I said we didn't love each other. We still didn't and we never would. But I never thought he would come around and fight for me.

"Colton, I don't know what to say," I finally admitted.

"Say you'll give us another chance," he pleaded. He took a step forward, apparently taking my confusion as a good sign and reached out for my hands. I let him, more out of habit than anything else. His hands were bigger than mine and warm. But they didn't dwarf mine in their strong, pure-masculine grip like Fin's and they didn't start a fire under my skin that spread like wild fire to my guts, lighting everything up in a blaze on the way.

Colton was lukewarm, Fin was dangerously hot.

Colton was forgettable.

Fin would burn me, leaving scars in his wake.

"I can't say that, Colton," I met his eyes; eyes that once captivated me and gave me security but now only made me feel pity. "We were over before you cheated. You have to know that. There's nothing real between us, and I don't have the energy for this anymore. You deserve better than this. And I really deserve better than you."

I took my hands back and walked around him. He didn't make a move to come after me, or really a move at all. I think I stunned him. But that was a good thing. I was learning how to stand up for myself. I was learning to find my independence.

I crawled in my car and pulled forward, since Colton was still just standing there. My heart started pounding in my chest and I barely noticed where I was going as I wound around the outskirts of campus to Fin's apartment complex.

I was right to leave Colton like that. We didn't have a future together.

But that didn't mean Fin and I did either.

Panic settled in my chest as I realized how much power Fin had to hurt me. Colton may have been completely delusional with his expectations for us, but he was right when it came to Fin.

Fin didn't want to be my boyfriend. And I was out of my mind to think that I could be the girl to change him. And if I let go of all my inhibitions, of everything I expected of myself and gave into him, where would that leave me?

I'd have sold out for money. I was back to the same old argument.

Only this time, I could admit that I would also be heartbroken. Fin would crush me if I allowed whatever was happening between us to become more and then he would just walk away.

Three years of Colton and I had a couple bad weeks and an Econ grade that needed salvaging. Six weeks of Fin and I would never be the same. And if I gave him anymore of my time or heart, he would just continue to steal pieces of me until there was nothing left.

I pulled into the parking lot of his building and sprinted up to his apartment before I could stop myself. I was breathing heavy, wild eyed and a bit frantic when he finally came to the door.

His eyes were heavy with sleep and he was shirtless. His muscles were so pronounced on his tanned body that I couldn't stop myself from imagining licking each one of those divots and ripples. His hair was mussed as if I woke him up from a nap and he was wearing those black sweatpants I adored on him.

Not fair.

I bit my lip, afraid he would be pissed that I just showed up at his place unannounced, without as much as even text. And then for one heart stopping moment I panicked that there might be another girl here.

But then his confused face broke out into an adorable grin and he said, "Hey, you. I thought you were going home today?" He stepped to the side so I could go in.

Ok, obviously there was no girl here. Whew. I relaxed that side of my panic. But still, my nerves were tight with anxiety and my head spinning.

"Hey, are you Ok?" he walked around to face me again, putting his hands on my waist like he had a right to, like my body was already his to hold and touch whenever he wanted. And for a second I leaned into his comforting touch. I let myself be surrounded by his presence, by his delicious smell and absorbed by the butterflies that came every time he touched me.

"I, um," I took a shaky breath and a step back. "We need to talk."

"Oh, no," he sighed, seeming to realize this was not going to go well for him. "Is this about your brothers? Listen, I only went to Grayson so you wouldn't have to. I didn't know Lennox was going to be there, but honestly Ellie, I'm glad he was. I didn't want you to have to face your family alone, and since I don't know when you're going to introduce me to them, I was just trying to make things easier on you."

"Stop!" I demanded. He was being sweet again, and it was confusing me. With a softer, more desperate tone I whispered. "Stop, Fin. Please, let me say what I have to say without interrupting me."

He cocked his head back, surprised by my supplication. "Alright," he cleared his throat nervously, "talk."

"I can't work for you anymore-"

"I know that, I was actually going to-"

"Fin, please," I begged. "This is hard enough, please let me get this out." He snapped his mouth shut, his rich brown eyes flashing black with emotion, but eventually he nodded. "I can't work for you anymore and I can't keep letting what's happening between us to continue. I know that you need this money, and I know you have to help Declan. I'm still going to pay you back; I will do what I can. But I can't keep doing this to myself when I know the money is always going to stand in our way."

"Ellie," Fin groaned aggressively. "For the love of God, stop worrying about the money!"

"I can't!" I snapped, so frustrated with him I could scream. "You don't get it. You don't get that if I just forget about the money, if I just let you write off the debt so you can sleep with me, that destroys everything good and moral I have!"

"You're making way too big of a deal out of this!" He was pissed. Super pissed. His jaw was ticking; his shoulders were bunched and tensed. He looked just like the scary-hit-man that first came to visit me. "I've got everything taken-"

"Fin, enough! I can't do this. I'm already paying off somebody else's debt; I've already had my dignity stripped, my belongings stolen. I don't need this from you too. I like you. Fine, I like you a lot. But most of all, I respect you. And I want you to respect me too." In a softer voice I added, "I want to respect me."

"So what are you saying?" he asked in a carefully measured voice, not even addressing anything I just said.

"I'm saying this is over until I figure out the money, until I can feel good about being with you."

He made a sound in the back of his throat and then repeated, "Until you can feel good about being with me."

I nodded, regretting my words already. "When that time comes, we can see if you still want to be with me too." Those words were the hardest of all to say because my gut told me he wouldn't want to be with me.

"That time's in a week, Ellie," Fin reminded me in a hard voice. "I need that money in a week."

"You'll get it," I promised. Even though he would definitely not be getting it. Which meant we would never be able to be together. I walked over to the door and opened it. "Bye, Fin. Good luck at your meet this week."

He didn't say anything, just stood there staring at me with his ticking jaw. With one last look I walked out of his apartment and down the stairs to my car.

I did all that to save myself from brokenness and heartache, but with every step I took it felt like I was dropping pieces of my shattered heart as I went.

Chapter Nineteen

Almost an entire week had gone by since I ended things with Fin. I spent spring break at home with my parents for half the week and then came back to my once again empty apartment to mope. I knew Fin left on Tuesday for his track invitational and I had practically stalked him via the campus website to see how he did and if he made it to finals, which he did. His big poker game was this week and I knew he would be going home today for Sunday lunch while I sat around all day pouting and being miserable since I stupidly asked for the day off before everything went to hell.

I kind of hated how integrated into his life I'd become in such a short time. We weren't even together in any official capacity and yet he'd taken up so much of my time and thoughts it was like he was always meant to be there.

No, I couldn't think like that.

He had three days to come up with the money for Declan's down payment and even with Britte paying this month's half of the rent I still could only spare him roughly fifty dollars. Maybe.

I was discouraged. And depressed. And disheartened. And any other d-word I could think of.

I didn't even feel like I was still tied to the debt anymore. I knew even though he hadn't verbally released me from the debt, that I was. But I still wanted to pay it; I still wanted to help him out, but mostly Declan. I felt responsible for his brother, even though I'd never even met him. And I felt a sense of commitment to Fin, a need to not let him face yet another huge obstacle in his life alone again.

But that wasn't my place anymore.

Maybe it never had been.

Plus, there was this small, but insistent part of me that wanted to be able to pay off the debt just so I could see if something might still happen between us.

I glanced at my quiet phone. Nothing.

I let out a long sigh and stretched out on the worn couch from Britte's dad. Stupid. Nothing was going to happen with Fin. If there had even been a miniscule chance of that happening before, there was no chance of it now. I'd seen to that.

Which sucked now that I realized how in love with him I was. I was so worried about Fin breaking my heart that I jumped the gun and did it for him. I rubbed at my chest, hating how much it hurt without him in my life, hating how much I wanted to just crawl back to him and curl up in his arms.

With Colton the heartache got easier, a couple weeks went by and I all but forgot about his misdeeds. With Fin, it seemed things were only going to get worse. I was so depressed at my parents' house they hounded me constantly about money and stress. Finally, I retreated back here to the solitude of my own apartment, hoping for some reprieve, but I was just left alone with my own thoughts and my own regrets.

This sucked.

I was half tempted to join his poker game this week just to have a small piece of him in my life again. Except then I would end up seven thousand more dollars in the hole.

It was telling how depressed I was when this sounded like a good idea.

A knock at my door pulled me out of my spiraling thoughts and I pulled myself up into sitting. I glared at my door, kind of afraid of whom it might be. If it was Colton again I decided to just kick him in the nuts and slam the door in his face. He might get the message then.

Groaning I trudged over to the door and yanked it open.

With a whoosh of breath I came face to face with Fin Hunter. Once an urban legend, now possibly just a boy I was irrevocably in love with. And he was standing in my doorway staring down at me with those gorgeous chocolate eyes pinning me in place.

"Hey," He smiled down at me. His expression was warm and relieved. His eyes were doing that twinkling thing, taking in every part of me.

I sucked in a sharp breath when I realized "every part of me" was dressed in a sloppy t-shirt that reached to my thighs, no makeup and two day old hair. Meanwhile, he was perfect looking, with his hair styled, and a day of irresistible scruff on his chin. He was dressed in gray dress pants and a white oxford, looking painfully handsome. If I hadn't already been in love, I would have fallen immediately into it with him in this exact moment.

"Hey," I winced, tugging at my shirt.

"You're not ready," he observed, his eyebrows creasing his forehead.

"Ready for what?" my voice was hoarse from crying earlier and I had to bite my lip to keep from bursting into more tears right here in front of him.

"For Sunday dinner at my Grandma's house," he reminded me like I hadn't yelled at him a week ago and then walked out of his life with the intent to stay out of it.

"Fin, I don't think that's a good-"

"Ellie, you're invited to my Grandma's house for Sunday dinner, and she will be very disappointed in you when I tell her you'd rather sit at home in your.... pajamas?" he asked, his lips twitching. I nodded, they were my pajamas. I had a right to ugly pajamas! "In your pajamas, than be her guest."

My mouth dropped open. He was so tricksy!

"I told you I couldn't be around you anymore until the money is settled."

"And I told you to stop worrying about the money. Go get dressed; we're leaving in five minutes."

"No," I plopped my hands on my hips, determined to win this round.

Fin took a step into my apartment and gripped my waist, knocking my own hand out of the way. My t-shirt rode up with his grasp on me and he trailed the fingers of his other hand up my thigh and underneath the shirt. This hand rested on my bare skin, just above my panty line and I couldn't stop the whimper that slipped out.

"Ellie, you look so sexy right now, I'm seconds from carrying you to your room and making you pay for a week of staying away from me. Right now I'm letting it slide because rationally I know I was gone for that week. But irrationally I can barely stop myself from showing you how much I missed you and making sure you missed me just as much." His head dropped to my neck, his breath warm on my throat. I shivered helplessly when he pressed a kiss to the sensitive spot just under my earlobe. "Now, unless you want to be rude to my grandma you better go get ready so we can leave. Alright?" Another kiss, this one hot and wet on the hollow of my throat.

In a pathetically shaky voice I agreed, "Alright."

Fin trailed little kisses along my collarbone as if he couldn't stop himself and then gave me a long, lingering one on the mouth. I melted into him, relishing in the feel of his lips, the taste of his tongue and every hard muscled pressed tight against my body. I couldn't stay away from this, not when it wanted him more than anything else in life.

"Ok, go get ready," he demanded, releasing me suddenly.

I stepped back with a squeal and then turned around to either obey or die of mortification, I wasn't sure yet. I took one step and he slapped my ass. Hard.

I shot him a shocked look over my shoulder but he just stood there grinning at me, cocky as ever.

Shaking my head I made my way to my bedroom and threw my t-shirt on the ground in frustration. I would go to lunch, but only because of his grandma and because I was dying to meet Declan. And because I was terribly curious about his home life.

And because it felt so good to be with Fin again that I was pretty sure all my reasons for staying away died the minute he put his lips to my skin.

I could whine and complain about moral integrity all I wanted, but in the end those were just excuses. It felt more wrong not to be with Fin than it did to give in and let myself love him. It felt right to be with him, to be in his arms, to let go of all of my meaningless reasons to stay away. I loved him. Heartbreak and integrity be damned.

Except somehow I knew I would get to keep both my heart and my integrity with Fin. Instinctively I knew now that he would never let me hurt or feel pain and he'd be damned before he let me compromise anything about myself.

He was one of the good guys.

I dressed quickly in a peach hombre maxi dress I'd picked out with my mom while I was home.

She beamed at me the entire shopping trip and we actually had a good time. It was a hard pill to swallow that when I cut myself off from my parents, I had also cut them off from me. And they were hurting because of my distance. Looking back I realized how selfish I had been. I was blessed to have a family like them. I wouldn't take that for granted any longer.

I threw on some light makeup and braided my hair over my shoulder to tame its rowdiness. I walked out into the hall to find Fin waiting for me near the door. He looked up and his expression heated immediately with something more than want, something I couldn't name or identify.

"Let me just grab my purse." I said in a still wobbly voice.

Fin grabbed my hand before I could walk past him and pulled me to him. Slowly, purposefully he walked forward until my back was pressed against the wall. His head dipped and his lips were just a breath away from mine.

"There's no more debt between us, yeah, Ellie?" his voice rumbled over me. I felt myself nod, but I couldn't form words. "Tell me you understand that."

"There's no more debt," I whispered.

He barely let me finish before his lips were on mine in a scorching kiss. One of his hands gripped my hip, while the other slipped gently to the nape of my neck. He held me to him, firmly, possessively. He kissed me so deeply, as if he was touching every part of me, as if he owned everything that I was. And this time I let him. There was no fight, no struggle. This kiss was everything I wanted.

Fin was everything I wanted.

Eventually, he slowed the kiss and pulled away. "I missed you Ellie. God, I missed you."

"It's been a week, Fin," I tried to sound exasperated but my voice was still breathless from his kiss.

He rested his forehead against mine, "We have a lot to talk about, but my grandma will kill me if we're late. She's impatient to meet you."

"I'm also anxious to meet her," I admitted.

Fin cocked his head back and stared at me for a while, like he couldn't believe I was here, like he couldn't believe we were together again. Finally he said, "Then let's go."

I grabbed my purse and then Fin led me down to his Jeep and soon we were on the road to the residential parts of La Crosse. His grandma lived in a precious little blue ranch with a front porch and winding front walkway. We parked on the street and Fin walked around to let me out. I was fine with getting out on my own, but he had sworn his grandma would kill him if she saw him lacking manners. He reached for my hand immediately, tugging me along behind him. There was a wheel chair ramp to the front door and we took it, with Fin smiling back at me the entire time.

I was giddy with all his attention, ridiculously so.

Fin's grandma met us at the front door immediately reaching up to Fin, which was quite a ways and pulling him down so that she could kiss him soundly on the lips. I mashed my lips together to hide my smile, she was precious. Fin towered over her; she couldn't be much more than five feet tall, with snow white curly hair and sharp gray eyes that snapped to me as soon as she was done with Fin.

"Are you Eleanor?" she asked in her sweet old lady voice.

"Ellie," I corrected automatically. "It's nice to meet you, Mrs. Hunter."

"Oh sweetheart, call me Grandma, everyone else does." She smiled at me and then reached out her hands so she could grab my face, just like she did Fin. I noticed when she had them placed on my cheeks how shaky they were and wondered if these were the signs that worried Fin and made him seek out more help for Declan. She kissed me on the forehead and while I was a little embarrassed, most of all I was blessed that she was offering me her acceptance already.

"Grandma, I kiss her enough, she doesn't need any more from you," Fin teased.

"Finley," she gasped and swatted at his arm. "You'll embarrass her." She moved out of the way and Fin led me into the house.

"I'm hoping to embarrass her," he admitted. "I get jealous of those kisses; I don't want her giving them out to anyone else."

Grandma was wrong though, I was too shocked to feel any embarrassment. My heart was pounding in my chest, my mind swirling with hope. This was going to be a good day..

"My lands," his Grandma gasped.

Fin ignored her and led me to the dining room that was set up immaculately. The room was small, fitting only a long table, the chairs that went around it and a China hutch at the far end. Real China was set in each place and real silver silverware.

"This is gorgeous," I gasped. My parents had a full set of China that was promised to me in their will, but they never used it. It just sat untouched, even when they catered events at their house.

"Grandma believes that Sunday lunch is an art form," Fin explained.

"At your house, it is," I agreed.

He smiled down at me, pleased I liked the table so well. His grandma started bringing in food just then so I wiggled out of Fin's hand to see if I could help.

"Can I help you bring the food in?" I asked politely.

"That would be wonderful," she agreed. "We're still waiting on Tyler, but he knows better than to be late for lunch."

I shot Fin a glance and mouthed "Tyler?" He winked at me.

Grandma continued, "Finley go get your brother. You're going to have to pull him away from his video games, but tell him you brought a girl for him, that will cheer him up." She grinned at me and I was completely charmed by her.

Fin mouthed, "Are you Ok" to me and I rolled my eyes.

Compared to my family, his was a peaceful walk through the park.

By the time Grandma and I had the food spread out on the table, Ty had in fact arrived and Fin pushed Declan to the head of the table where his wheelchair could fit comfortably. Fin and Tyler took the seats closest to Declan, leaving Grandma and I to sit at the other end.

Declan stared at me for a while and I couldn't help but stare back. He looked like a younger version of Fin, with tussled hair and a strong jaw, only his rested slightly askew. His eyes were the same dark, rich brown and were just as sharp as Fin's and his grandma's. His head rested against a neck brace that hung around his shoulders and his hands clutched at the controls to his automatic wheelchair.

"Fin, introduce me to your girlfriend," Declan demanded through mumbled words.

"She's not my girlfriend yet, Dec, I have to convince her first," Fin grinned at his brother. "Got any tips?"

"Have you kissed her?" he asked innocently. I smiled because he was so adorable and so much like Fin.

"Of course, brother. Look at her," Fin turned to me and smiled. In this setting, he was the man of the house and he looked and acted like it. He sat up straight and commanded attention. Even next to Ty, who I assumed incorrectly would dwarf him; Fin played this role very well.

"Good point," Declan admitted and then suggested. "Have you sent her to Ty? Ty always straightens you out."

Fin opened his mouth to say something but I interjected, "He did send me to Ty. And Ty did straighten me out. Or tried to at least."

"That's right, Dec, I told her what a good man your brother was, don't you worry." Ty agreed gruffly.

"And she still doesn't want to be your girlfriend?" Declan asked Fin seeming genuinely confused by this. Fin shrugged apparently not so sure anymore and Declan took the opportunity to jump in and announce, "Good, then she can be mine."

Ty, Fin and I burst into laughter while Grandma chastised him from across the table. After that Fin said grace per Grandma's request and then the food was passed around. We fell into comfortable conversation, laughing and joking.

I easily fell in love with Declan, faster and harder than I ever had with Fin. He was so sweet and charming, I couldn't help myself. And all the while I interacted with Fin's family he sat back with an arm across my chair just watching me, like I was the most precious thing he'd ever held. And I fell for him all over again when he patiently helped feed his brother, leaving Declan with both his dignity and pride. Fin humbled me in a way no other person had before, leaving my heart a big mushy puddle of love.

I enjoyed watching how everyone interacted and even how they included Ty and forced him to relax. Ty told me that he was meant to do something for this family but over lunch I could easily see how much they were doing for him too.

"Now, Tyler," Grandma cut in very sternly. "When are you going to bring over a girl? If Fin can find a good one, I know you can."

"Hey!" Fin objected.

"Turns out they're not so easy to find, Grandma," Tyler ignored Fin completely. "And besides, has your grandson told you how he went about getting this one? He forced her to work for him and held her hostage by a huge debt of money."

Fin paled next to me, I watched the color drain out of his face from the corner of my eye. If I wasn't so amused by it I would have probably gone to his rescue. Maybe....

"Finley Davis Hunter is that true?" his grandma gasped while Declan laughed.

"By the way," Ty cut back in. "You should have come to me first, son. I've been trying to help this family for the last three years and not one of you has let me so far. I'm giving you this money. If you want to pay me back you can, but I won't argue about it. You're going to take the money."

Tears immediately pricked at my eyes and not at all because that meant I was free from the debt. Fin already made me feel like the debt was forgiven. These tears were for Declan, because no matter what happened between Fin and me I was never going to be able to come up with that kind of money.

"What's this money for?" Grandma demanded, setting her knife and fork down.

"Declan's facility, Grandma," Fin explained. "Thanks for the offer Ty, but I don't need it."

"What do you mean you don't need it?" I snapped, whirling around to face him.

Fin chuckled, and then explained, "It became clear very early on that you were not going to be able to come up with the money, Ellie. Besides, it was only seven thousand dollars. I knew it wouldn't take much for me to come up with that, so I made some small changes." He shrugged casually like I hadn't been obsessed with this amount of money for the last six weeks. "I was able to save the majority of it pretty easily."

"What changes did you make?" I gritted out.

"I cut back on my expenses, upped my cut on the games and stopped dating random girls." Fin grinned at me.

I was gaping at him, mouth unhinged, eyes bugged out, hands shaking. "What?" I squeaked. "I've been sick over this money!"

"I told you not to worry about it," he reminded me sternly as if I should have listened to him.

"Yes, I know you told me that. But I did it anyway!" I argued helplessly. "I did worry. And I even saved money. Plus all that time I spent with you! I can't believe this!"

"You don't regret the time you spent with me, do you?" Fin teased. He didn't even feel bad about this, not even a little bit.

"Yes, I do. Some of the time I do regret." But then I broke into a smile and ruined the whole thing. "But what about the money I saved?"

"How much did you save?" he asked carefully.

"Like," I cleared my throat, embarrassed to admit this next part. "Like fifty dollars."

Ty and Fin broke out into laughter. Even Declan smiled at me.

"Ellie you exist on Ramen Noodles and pay for gas in loose change. I never really had high expectations for you to pay me back. Besides, I have been meaning to take a bigger take of the winnings anyway."

I sat back in my chair speechless.

"So you don't need any help?" Ty asked gruffly.

"Thanks man, but no I don't."

"This means Declan can go now? We can afford the facility?" Grandma asked with so much hope in her voice I almost started to cry again.

"Yep, Dec, it's for sure now, you can go," Fin said proudly.

To which Ty grunted.

Men.

After dinner I helped clear the table and do the dishes. Grandma promised that Ty and Fin often offered to help but she didn't trust them near the China. And while I dried every dish carefully, very, very carefully, she explained what an honor it was to be able to help in the kitchen. I was apparently the first person she had let in there in over thirty six years, since Fin's mom which she professed was a terrible mistake.

And in the end I did feel privileged. Especially when she took my forearm in her little grasp and started crying all over again because of how happy she was Fin found a girl for him, a girl he like enough to bring home and meet her.

He interrupted our waterworks and asked me to go sit out back with him.

Grandma patted my arm and said, "Go on then, when a good man like that asks you to sit with him you just say yes."

"Ok, yes," I smiled down at her and then followed Fin out back.

The backyard was just as charming as the front of the house with big flower beds and a charming patio swing that was shaded underneath a huge maple tree. We sat swinging for a little while in silence just enjoying the warm spring afternoon and each other.

"You should have told me about your back up plan," I scolded, only barely holding on to my resentment over the whole thing.

"I should have. But I was a little bit afraid. You were so upset over the idea of me just forgiving the debt, I didn't think the fact that I didn't need the money would make much of a difference. It was never a big deal for me. Even in the beginning. I've had losers walk away from their debt before and I've taken the loss, but you were by far the biggest amount. I just didn't know how to tell you and still keep you." Fin took a breath and admitted, "I've known for a while that the debt wasn't yours."

"What?" I gasped not exactly expecting him to lead with that. "You made me go through all of that and you didn't think I ever lost all that money?"

"No, at first, there wasn't really another explanation. I thought you were just scared of your own consequences. But as soon as I got to know you I realized you wouldn't have tried to flake out on losing, and you never would have got involved unless you could have paid in the first place. But by then I liked having you around and I didn't know how to get out of the mess I'd made. It seemed I was always falling for you, since that first time in your apartment when you thought I was a drug dealer. And I just kept falling, harder, faster.... forever, until finally I was in love with you and there was nothing else I could do about it."

I officially stopped breathing. Turning my head so I could meet his gaze, I asked, "You're in love with me?"

"Since you made me your Burgerwich," he said seriously. "I was never going to make you pay that money, I just didn't want you to stop coming over. I didn't want to have to work any harder for you; I just wanted you to be mine. And then I didn't know how to tell you that, how to make you forget about it. You threw all that moral high ground at me and I realized what a huge mistake I'd make. I was an idiot. Will you forgive me?"

"Yes," I nodded quickly. And I did, for everything.

Fin broke out into a blinding smile that lit up his whole face. "And will you let me help you fall in love with me too?"

I sucked in a breath at his question. He was the vulnerable Fin again, the one that opened himself up so carefully and asked for the simplest things.... a better place for the brother he lived, a nice life for his grandma, the love of a girl that was already way past loving him.

"You don't have to," I shrugged, loving that instead of giving up his eyes became steely with determination. "I'm way past loving you; I'm onto the next thing, like really, really loving you or something."

"Don't joke around, Ellie, tell me your serious," he demanded, the authoritative tone cutting the air between us.

"Yeesh, you're always so bossy!" I grumbled but fell forward, grabbing at his shirt to hold myself against his chest. I looked up at him and smiled. "I'm being serious, Finley Hunter. I love you. I have for a while now, although not as early as the Burgerwich."

His palm cupped my jaw and his thumb brushed against my cheekbone, "The real kind of love? Not just the kind you say but don't mean?"

"The real kind," I promised. "The kind that has a future, so you better hope you don't get tired of me."

"Does that mean you'll introduce me to your family?" he asked carefully.

"Sure," I tilted up so I could kiss his chin and he pulled me against him, tucking me into him. "Apparently you've already met Lennox and Grayson."

I felt it through his whole body when he smiled. "They had no idea why you were so worried."

I snorted something unintelligible. We were silent again and then I said, "You should probably tell me you love me again."

He chuckled, his chest shaking against me, "I love you, Ellie. You came into my life and demanded that I paid attention. I'm not letting you go, I won't. I've let a lot of things go in my life, things that needed to be set free, things that if I didn't release I would have become bitter and empty. You are not one of those things; you are one of the rare, beautiful things that I am desperate to keep. I want you forever, Ellie."

I turned to face him, ignoring the tears pooling in my eyes and kissed him long and hard until cat calls and whistles could be heard through the window from Declan and Ty. Finally I said, "I love you too."

And Fin said, "Good."

Chapter Twenty

"Alright, B," I called down the hall. "I'm going to help Fin with his big poker game."

She poked her head out into the hall and threw me a sly smile, "Is that what the kids call it these days? You didn't tell me Fin had a big poker game."

"Oh my gosh," I laughed. "I'm telling Beckett to start texting you again." I threatened on my way to the door.

"Don't you dare!" she squealed and then ducked back into her room. "I just got him to stop!"

I laughed at her, wondering how my brother was really handling rejection for the first time in his life. Probably not well.

Oh well.

I pulled on the door and came to a screaming halt. Literally. Tara was standing on the other side of the door with her hand poised to knock.

"Sorry," I breathed when I finally stopped screeching. "You scared me."

"I could tell," she intoned dryly. She looked pretty much the same, her wild faded pink dreads a mess in a ponytail on the top of her head. Her light blue eyes were bloodshot and dull but clearer than I'd seen them in the past and her skin had just a touch more sun to it than the last I'd seen of her.

It had only been six weeks since we'd said goodbye in this very place, but it felt like a lifetime. I was a different person now, but I highly doubted she was.

"What do you want, Tara?" I asked with little patience.

She suddenly seemed on edge, like she was meeting me for the first time and she was nervous. "I just came by to talk, Ellie."

"Oh." That kind of threw me; I guess I wasn't expecting that. "Well, I'm on my way out actually, to dinner." I mentioned dinner as a reminder of the last time we'd talked, but by her blank expression I didn't think she remembered saying that phrase to me moments before my whole life fell apart.

"I'll be quick." She gave me a sheepish smile and I felt my resolve cracking just a little.

"Ok, I guess."

"Did you get my note?" she asked casually and I almost laughed.

"The one on the back of my Biology notes?"

"Um, no," she shook her head emphatically. "The one that explained my addiction?"

She was serious. "Oh, right. That one."

She broke into a relieved smile, "Ok, good. Well, I just got out." When I made no expression or move to say something, she continued, "Of rehab and I'm here as part of my.... um, steps. I'm here to apologize. To make amends." She announced this with a flourish as if I should start getting excited.

"Did you bring back all my furniture?" I asked slowly, even though it didn't matter anymore. I came clean to my parents and my brothers. I told them all about my roommate problems and how she stole all my money and furniture. I even introduced them to Fin at Beckett's last home game. They immediately adored him.

I couldn't help feeling shocked. And when they invited us both up to the house for a weekend I accepted. I was working on this whole family thing. And Fin was more than eager to encourage me.

"Uh, no, that's been gone for a...." she cleared her throat nervously, "A while. Didn't I explain that in the note? I thought I put in something about that." She cleared her throat again.

"No, you didn't. You explained you have a gambling addiction but you failed to mention why you needed to steal all of my furniture."

After one more throat clear and in a very small voice she said, "Ellie, I really am sorry. I screwed up, I know that. And you suffered because of it. My actions hurt you. Please forgive me. I wasn't myself at the time."

I wanted to stay angry at her, especially when I could blame her for so many things. But at the same time because of her some really, really good things happened too. And if my parents could let go of all the missing furniture with a shrug and a careless, "Oh well, they were on their way to Goodwill anyway. I'm sure your Aunt Trudy will have more for you when she redoes her great room." Then so could I.

I hesitated though and Tara asked again in a broken voice, "I really am sorry, Ellie. I probably hurt you the most. Please forgive me?"

I nodded. "Ok, Tara. I forgive you. I don't understand why you did what you did, but I hope that you're better now. And I'm over it, so no more worries."

Relief broke out across her face and she immediately rocked back on her heels like a physical weight had been taken off of her. "Great, that's really, really great."

Awkward silence ensued where we just kind of looked around the hallway and apartment for a while. Finally Tara grew some balls, some really, really big ones, because she suddenly asked, "So, is my room still empty? Can I move back in?"

I really wanted to say, "Lesson learned biotch." But that was not the highroad, so instead I said, "Sorry, someone moved in two weeks ago."

"Oh, Ok," her shoulders slumped and she looked so defeated I almost offered her a hug. Almost. "Oh, before I forget my parents wanted me to give you this." She handed me a plain white envelope.

I opened it, so curious to see what was inside I couldn't wait. My mouth dropped open when I looked down at the ten thousand dollar cashier's check made out to me. "What is this?" I gasped.

"It's everything I owe you. I'm making, uh, reparations. Or whatever. I figured you probably had to pay off that poker thing since I played it in your name and then the rest is for what I got from your furniture and the back rent." She explained everything so matter of factly, so casually that her words barely penetrated my shock.

It was my turn to clear my throat, "So, this is....? How can you just write me this check?"

"My parents are loaded," she admitted on another shrug.

"So the gambling? The stealing?" I pressed, gripping the check like it had legs and could get up and walk away from me.

"I was acting out. I felt my parents tried to buy my love with material possessions and money and so I used that against them in a hurtful and offensive way." Tara was just regurgitating everything she'd obviously learned in therapy and I had to wonder if anything had stuck.

But at the same time it wasn't really my problem.

"Alright, well, I'm on my way out, so I'll see you later," I closed the door behind me and locked it quickly, making a mental note to call my superintendent and get them to change my locks this afternoon.

"Bye, Ellie," Tara said with more enthusiasm than I'd ever heard out of her. "For the record, you're a pretty chill roommate."

I smiled at her but kept making my getaway, "Tara, for the record, you suck as a roommate."

"Come here," Fin demanded as soon as I walked in his apartment.

"So bossy," I complained on my way to do exactly as he commanded. He pulled me into his arms and kissed me until I was breathless and needy. "I thought we had a poker game to watch," I murmured when he finally pulled away.

"Mmm." He moved his mouth to my ear, paying special attention to every spot that drove me wild.

"Wait, wait," I gasped. "I have something to show you."

He groaned but stepped back just enough so he could keep his arms around me. "This better be good," he warned.

"Oh it is," I smiled and held up the check. "Guess who I ran into in the hallway."

"Who?"

"My ex-roommate."

"Tara the Tw-"

"Uh, uh-huh," I shook my head quickly. Britte's favorite moniker had caught on quickly with my brothers and Fin. I still didn't allow it to be finished. "But yes, you are correct. She was making reparations and came to apologize for all her misdeeds."

"Instead of forgiving her, did you thank her?" Fin grinned down at me.

"Uh, no. I made her sweat and then at the very end I bestowed upon her my benevolent forgiveness."

He chuckled and I felt the rumble of his body glide over me. Good grief, I loved this man so much.

"Of course you did. So what are you going to do with all that money?"

"Pay back Ty of course!"

"What? Ellie, you don't' have to do that. It's my debt; I'll take care of it." And I could see just how stubborn he was going to be about this.

"You're wrong," I reminded him gently. "This seven thousand dollars has always belonged to Tara and this is finally her money to pay it off. We'll give it to Ty."

"And the rest of it?" he asked through a smile that made my knees weak and my heart ache in my chest I loved it so much.

"I was thinking about maybe putting it in savings and increasing my food budget."

"You mean, branching out beyond Ramen Noodles?" Fin asked dryly.

"Exactly."

"Probably a good plan," Fin agreed and then started kissing me again. "Oh wait!" He pulled away so fast that I followed him with my eyes still closed. I opened them, lips still impatiently waiting more of his kisses. He was grinning down at me. "God, I love those lips." He stared down at me for a few more sEconds as if he was going to forget whatever it was he wanted to tell me and get right back to kissing me.

I was all for that.

"Tell me, quickly. I want to do a lot more of what we were just doing." I shook him where my arms were holding onto his biceps.

"Oh right, I got something in the mail today too." Fin reached into his back pocket and pulled out a form letter. Holding it up so I could see he exclaimed, "I got in."

"To Pritzker? Really?" I yelped. "Fin, congratulations!"

"Thank you," he said humbly.

Pritzker was a fantastic med school located in Chicago and only four hours away. He would get to go to a really good school and still be close to home. Declan was moving into his new home in three weeks and Fin would get to see him settled in and adjusted before he moved to Chicago in the middle of the summer.

I would be staying here, of course, at UW-LA, near my family and his. I even knew what I wanted to major in, starting next year. I decided I would like to pursue a career in family psychology.

Go figure.

"So what do you think?" Fin asked carefully. "Are you Ok with long distance?"

"Are you kidding? I've been dying for long distance. I cannot wait to get away from you," I smirked at him and then nuzzled my face into the crook of his neck.

"Is that so?" he asked in his deep, sexy voice.

"Mmm-hmmm" I kissed his neck and then his jaw. "I'm definitely going to miss all the kissing though. That I will for sure miss."

"What are the chances I'm going to get a good head start on all that kissing we're going to have to give up?"

"Depends," I threw out sassily, "Are you a gambling man?"

