CHAPTER ONE

Shannon lay in the bathtub, her hand between her thighs and her mind on Julian Bremmer. She had turned out the lights and placed candles all around the bath. If she didn't have anyone to be romantic with right now, she would just have to be romantic with herself. And the guitarist who in her imagination already had his arms around her and his fingers deep into her tightness.

"Oh, Julian," she murmured. Her fingers slipped down to a place that was wet with desire as much as with bathwater. She pressed down firmly, her third finger circling around the pink nub that grew hard under the attention. She had tied back her red hair but a few loose strands fell down into the water, growing dark with moisture.

Steam filled the tiny bathroom and Shannon tilted her head back along the edge of the tub, inhaling deeply as she stroked herself. With her free hand she caressed her own br**sts, trying to mimic the way Julian pinched her n**ples, set her nerves on fire.

"I want you," she moaned, her h*ps rocking back and forth slightly. She settled into a rhythm that wound her body up even as she moved slowly. Every part of her was completely relaxed but for one - in between her legs, the tension was rising, rising higher. She twisted one nipple hard and cried out softly as the pain caused a delightful shock to spread through the front of her body.

"Ohh," she cried out. That was wonderful. She twisted her nipple again, the dark pink button rolling between her thumb and finger. "Ohhhh."

She felt the familiar pain of desire reach up to meet her from down there. Her body ached for Julian, wanted his huge c*ck inside of her. She felt empty without him, and every day grew emptier.

Shannon pressed both hands between her thighs, her fingers working madly. She pushed down as though she was pushing back all of her old insecurities, all of the pain that had evaporated the night she spent with Julian. The water in the tub splashed at the sides as her arms moved faster and faster, bringing her closer to orgasm.

Close, so closenow-

The orgasm uncoiled through her body as her hands moved over her slickness, the waves of cli**x breaking prematurely, it seemed, against the walls of her body. She braced her feet against the bottom of the tub and closed her eyes, her back curved in tension now as the shudders ran through her.

"Yes! Julian!" She moaned in pleasure, letting her body sink back under the warmth of the water. Then she was done, her body still clenching and unclenching as her fingers lay limp against her wet skin.

The ache of desire still pounded at her heart, though. It did not seem to matter how many times she got herself off; after the orgasms ran through her she always wanted more. Her roommate Brynn had even mentioned how much she had been hogging the bathroom, with all of her showers and baths that ran on much longer than usual. She needed a deeper satisfaction than this, it seemed. Now that she knew what was possible...

Would she ever be happy again without Julian?

It had been a week since Julian had swept her off of her feet backstage at the concert, but she hadn't heard from him at all. Not since she left his hotel room where they had spent one magical night together. At least, she thought that it had been magical.

"I'm going to be busy with the next couple of tour stops," Julian had said.

"It's okay," Shannon said. "I understand."

Only part of that was true. She understood that he would be busy, sure. But not even to call? It broke her heart every day that passed without word from him. And although she understood that she was just some stupid college girl from a small town, she had thought that they shared something, a deeper connection.

It had just been a dream. She was stupid to think that it was anything more, no matter how good the sex had been. For the past couple of days, she had been muddling around in school and work, her energy depleted. She couldn't stop thinking about Julian and moping, moping, moping. Even her photography professor had noticed that she hadn't been as active in class critiques.

Her best friend Jason had been oddly absent as well. He hadn't even really been excited for her when she told him about her impossible tryst with the hottest rock guitarist this side of the Mississippi. Sure, he had hugged her, but it was a halfhearted hug compared to most of Jason's normally exuberant embraces. Maybe he was just jealous. After all, they had both fallen in love with Wilder Side, but only Shannon had gotten to go home with one of the band members. That must be it. He was jealous.

"Well, nuts to him," Shannon said out loud, not knowing if she meant Jason or Julian. Nuts to both of them. She splashed her hands into the water in a mock tantrum. It was lukewarm already; time to get out. She was already horny again. Ugh.

"It's okay, Shannon," she said to herself, toweling off. She looked in the mirror. "It's going to be okay."

Even if she never talked to him again, it wouldn't be the worst thing in the world. She had been through too many one-night stands until she realized that most guys thought that she was an easy lay. Once she got wise to that, she set her standards much higher. Julian had been a slip, a lapse. She would never again sleep with someone as soon as she met him. And hell, he hadn't even fully undressed - it couldn't count as a one night stand. Even if he had given her the best orgasms of her life.

Still, she thought it had been different this time...

"Get yourself out! Of! This! Funk!" Shannon tossed her dripping red hair behind her back and toweled off the remaining moisture on her body. She reached over and turned on the radio as she dried her hair. The rock song blared out of the stereo system.

Don't look back,

Unless you want me... as bad as I want you-

"ARGH!" Shannon screamed. Of course it would have to be Wilder Side on the radio. She could even see Julian in her mind, playing the guitar line as Alex Wilder sang the lyrics. She slammed her hand down on the radio search button. The next station was playing some up-and-coming bubble gum girl rock band.

Shannon sang along to the catchy tune, drying her hair and using the blow dryer as a microphone during the sing-along chorus. Her towel fell to the floor and she danced in front of the mirror, turning the song to full blast.

I WANNA RUN! RUN! RUN! UNTIL THERE'S NOWHERE TO GO!

COME! COME! COME! HEY BOY, I NEED YOU SO!

She shook her butt at the mirror, laughing as she danced in time to the music.

"You are awesome!" She pointed to herself in the mirror. "You are amazing! You are a sexy-ass redhead with a fine booty!"

As she repeated the affirmations, she began to believe them, and for the first time in the past week she thought that she might be okay if she never saw Julian again.

"You don't need a guy like that anyway, someone who doesn't even call. Some stuck up rock star..."

Shannon sighed, cocking her head in the mirror. She had thought that he wasn't the same, that this time might be different. But he had turned out to be just some famous guy who was too good for her.

"Hey!" she said, talking firmly to herself as though she were a child who needed a pep talk. "He's not too good for you, you're too good for him. You are awesome, and that's that."

The doorbell rang. Shannon barely heard it over the blow dryer and the song, but then it rang again and she turned the radio off. She stuck her head out into the hallway.

"Brynn, you got that?"

There was no response.

"Brynn? Are you here? Can you get the door?" Her hair was dripping onto the floor.

"ARGH!"

That's right, Shannon remembered. Brynn's number theory midterm was next week. She had been slipping out nearly every day and night to go study at the library with her study group. Those math majors always had homework to do, but this week had been worse than most. Brynn had been coming home at one or two in the morning with dark circles under her eyes. Shannon was starting to worry about her.

The doorbell rang again, and then came three hard knocks, as if the person outside was worried that the doorbell wasn't working.

"COMING!" Shannon yelled. Maybe Brynn had gotten locked out. Shannon picked up her towel from the ground and wrapped it around herself quickly, then made her way down the hallway. The knocks grew even louder. God, couldn't they be a little bit patient?

"I said I'm com-" Shannon said, opening the door. As soon as she did, the frustrated look evaporated from her face.

Standing just outside her apartment door was Julian Bremmer, a guilty look on his face and a single red rose in his hand.

CHAPTER TWO

Julian sat in the back of the tour bus, the flask tucked away in his jacket pocket between sips of bourbon. Asher sat next to him, beating his drumsticks on his knees in rhythm to whatever song was playing in his head, his feet resting on the skateboard.

"I can't believe it, man," Asher said. He rolled the skateboard back and forth under his sneakers. "I can't f**king believe it."

"Are you gonna break up with her?" Julian asked. Asher had spent the entire previous night in tears on the phone with his girlfriend Donna, who was currently working on a model shoot in Europe.

"I don't know." Asher looked down mournfully at his drumsticks. "She said she was just doing it to get back at me, because she was jealous."

"Yeah, but you didn't sleep with anyone," Julian pointed out. "Or do anything at all, for that matter. What the f**k does she have to be jealous about?"

"I know, I know," Asher said. "It's just that there are always girls hanging out around the band."

"Hanging out. Not kissing you, not f**king you, just hanging out."

"I know." Asher rubbed his eyes with his hands. "Fuck me."

Julian waited while Asher busted out a hard drum roll on his left thigh. At the rate he was going, he would be bruised black and blue on his legs by the time they rolled past Los Angeles again on their way down to San Diego.

"What do you think?" Asher said finally.

"What do I think about what?"

"Should I break up with Donna?"

"I don't know, man," Julian said, taking another drink from his flask. "Do you love her?"

Asher leaned back in his seat and tapped his sticks on the wall of the tour bus.

"Fuck," he said. "I don't know. After this? I don't think so. I don't know how she could do this." He played a complicated fill against the paneling.

"Can you cut that out?" The voice came from the front of the bus. Daniel had his headphones halfway on and was peering back at them. "I'm trying to listen to our recording."

"Sorry," Asher said, letting his drumsticks fall into his lap. He put his head in his hands.

Julian felt terrible for the guy. Asher had never so much as laid a hand on a fan before, and his girlfriend called him every night, berating him for hanging out with other girls. It wasn't his fault that Wilder Side attracted a lot of attention from female fans, though. And now Donna had gone and slept with some photographer in Italy, claiming that she was just getting back at Asher. It was f**king ridiculous. Asher was as faithful as a puppy dog, and now this.

"You want my opinion?" Julian said. He had tried to avoid getting entangled in Asher's relationship woes before, but this was too much.

"Yeah." Asher groaned. "Yeah."

"Dump her," Julian said.

"You think so?"

"Dude, she cheated on you. You've never cheated on her. How is that fair?"

"It isn't. I know, I know it isn't fair."

"And look, yeah she's hot, but there are, like, a million hot girls who would love to get with you."

"I don't know," Asher said. "I don't know. Am I being stupid? I think I'm being stupid."

"Well, I do know," Julian said. "I know you don't need to put up with that shit."

"Yeah, maybe you're right." Asher spun one drumstick in his fingers slowly. "I just know she's going to say it's because I want to get with another girl."

"So? You should want to get with another girl. One who isn't a paranoid jealous lying cheating bitch."

"Oh god," Asher said, closing his eyes. "I feel sick."

"Dump her and we'll find you a new girl on the next tour stop." Julian shook Asher by the shoulder. "Hey. Hey. I know it's hard."

"Okay, okay," Asher said. "You're right."

"So you're going to dump her?"

Asher swallowed hard.

"Yeah. I'll call her this afternoon. God, I feel sick."

Julian held out his flask, but Asher shook his head.

"Nah, it's okay. Thanks, though."

"No problem." Julian took another swig and put the flask back in his pocket.

"So what about that one girl in LA?" Asher said.

"What girl?"

"The girl you took back to the hotel room. What's up with that? You haven't done that all tour."

Julian felt a lump rise in his throat. A wave of guilt swept over him.

Shannon. He hadn't called her since that night, even though she had given him her cell number and her address, and her email. Jesus, what a fuckup he was.

"Yeah, I'm not sure," Julian said.

"Are you gonna see her again? We're going to be driving by that tour stop again, if she lives nearby."

Julian smiled wanly.

"Why are you trying to get me to hook up with the same girl? Doesn't Pat want us to date around?"

"Yeah, f**k Pat," Asher said. "I'm not going to hook up with random groupies all the time just for our image. Alex seems to do that just fine anyway without us having to."

"Yeah."

"I've never seen you get all worked up about someone like that," Asher said, poking Julian with the tip of his drumstick. "You were like, walking on cloud nine the day after."

"Shut up," Julian said, smiling despite himself. It had been a wonderful night, at least for him. Shannon was smart and funny, and god she was sexy as hell, with her curves and red hair hanging down her back.

"So? Maybe ask her to come on tour with us. I'm sure she'd jump at the chance."

"She's in college," Julian said, protesting. "I don't want to make her, you know, f**k up school for me."

Asher looked at him skeptically.

"Look at you," he said. "You can't even think about her without getting that dreamy look on your face.

"Shut up."

Asher drummed on Julian's arm, his voice a teasing singsong.

"Julian has a crush, Julian has a crush."

"It's nothing," Julian said. "She probably only wanted to come home with me because I was famous."

There it was. He couldn't forget the words she had said as they drifted off to sleep that night. Goodnight, sexy rock star. What if she only wanted him because he was in a popular rock band? What if...

"So? You like her, man. And I'm sure she had a great time, too." Asher winked.

"I f**ked it up," Julian said. At the thought of it, he cringed in his seat. He had been drinking too much that night, and he couldn't even get it up when they went back to the hotel room. The sexiest girl he had ever met, and he couldn't get it up. It was f**king embarrassing. He had done his best to please her, but he didn't know what she thought about him, whether she thought he was a loser because he didn't f**k her. Whether he had been a total disappointment.

"I'm sure you didn't f**k up that bad," Asher said. "She gave you her number, didn't she? You've been off in dreamland thinking about her since LA."

"I f**ked up," Julian said.

"Okay, so call her and say sorry. Then you show up on her doorstep with a rose or something. Girls love that shit."

"I don't know," Julian said.

"Now you're the one being stupid," Asher said. "What's the worst that could happen?"

Julian slumped in his chair. Asher was right, of course. But it had been a week and he hadn't even called. He was an a**hole, a total a**hole.

"She probably doesn't even want to see me again," Julian said.

"You don't know that," Asher said. "That's like, sabotaging your relationship before it even starts, dude." He raised his eyebrows meaningfully and Julian cracked a smile.

"Okay, Dr. Phil. I'll call her. This afternoon. When you call Donna."

Asher's face dropped, but then he picked himself back up in his seat.

"Okay. Deal."

"Hey, did you hear about our gig in San Diego?" Julian said, changing the subject. "Cheap Trix is opening for us."

"No way!" Asher bounced his feet on his skateboard. "That's cool."

"Cool? Really?"

"Yeah, I like them," he said. "Catchy stuff."

"I can't believe you listen to girl rock."

"The production value is off the hook," Asher insisted. "So it's girly pop rock. So what? Doesn't mean it's not good."

"You're crazy," Julian said. He reached for his flask and then stopped himself. They would be passing by Los Angeles soon, and he thought he might just go and see if Shannon was at her place. No, he was going to see if Shannon was at her place. And he would bring a rose. If Asher knew anything, it was how to be a good boyfriend. No more drinking, he decided. He didn't want a repeat of last time.

"No, you're crazy," Asher pushed himself off of the seat and balanced on his skateboard, wobbling only slightly as the bus changed lanes. He raised his hands over his head and shook his h*ps back and forth in a ridiculous dance move as he sang in a high-pitched voice.

"Run run run til there's nowhere to go!"

Julian doubled over laughing.

"You wish you could have this kind of talent," Asher joked, spinning the skateboard around in a tight circle in the middle of the tour bus. "Shake that fine ass, ooh baby!"

"As long as you don't drop out of the band to join Cheap Trix," Julian said.

"Don't worry," Asher said, flipping his board up into his hand and stowing it away overhead. "I don't think they need another drummer."

"Well, you'd make a decent backup dancer," Julian said.

Asher's eyes went wide.

"That is a great idea. I'll keep that in mind if Wilder Side breaks up."

"Let's hope that never happens," Julian said. "Where would I find a new relationship therapist?"

"You'd be lost without me," Asher agreed.

"You know it." Julian took the flask out of his pocket and put it in the side of his travel bag, zipping it up securely. He was excited to see Shannon. Damn, he was excited. He hoped she would be there. For the first time in a long time, he felt like he could make it through the day without another drink. He leaned forward and yelled up to the front of the bus.

"How many miles until we reach LA?"

CHAPTER THREE

Shannon stared across the doorway at Julian, a thousand thoughts running through her mind. It was him. It really was him. She didn't know what to say.

Julian stepped forward, shyly offering her the rose. She took it, and his fingers brushed against hers. The single touch made her body flinch with a desire that she had been trying unsuccessfully to stifle for the past few days.

"I'm sorry I didn't call," Julian said.

"It's...it's okay. I understand. You've been busy with tour stuff."

"That's no excuse."

"You're in a famous band. That's enough of an excuse, I guess."

Julian winced, and Shannon thought she might have said the wrong thing. God, this wasn't starting out how she wanted it to.

"I just mean you've got a lot on your plate."

"It's not that at all." Julian's voice was rough, as though he was stammering through the words, trying to figure out how to move his tongue to get the right letters out.

"What is it?" If it wasn't his band, then Shannon didn't know what it could be. A flame of anger began to rise up inside of her. If he hadn't called just because...

"I was nervous. I thought maybe I messed up. With you."

"Messed up?"

"I thought maybe you wanted to be able to tell people you were with, you know, a famous rock star. That it wasn't really me you wanted. That I was just a good story to tell to your friends."

Shannon's mouth dropped open. That was what he was afraid of? A mixture of rage and relief swept through her.

"That's... I don't know what to say, Julian."

"Just tell me what you're thinking."

"What I'm thinking?" Shannon threw one hand up in the air, gesturing wildly with the rose. "I'm thinking that it's ridiculous you made up this whole motivation about why I wanted to be with you out of thin air. I'm thinking you shouldn't have waited a whole week before asking me about it."

"I'm sorry-"

Shannon stamped her bare foot on the floor. Now that he had made her talk, all of her anxieties were rushing out, and she didn't want to stop. Ridiculous - this whole situation was ridiculous.

"I'm thinking that you are an idiot and jerk for keeping me in suspense this whole time."

Julian's eyebrows knitted together in the middle of his forehead. It was obvious no girl had ever spoken to him like this before. But Shannon couldn't stop herself. He had to know what she had done to him.

"I'm thinking that you're possibly the dumbest man I've ever met, because who on earth would meet you and not fall immediately in love with you? It doesn't matter whether you were playing guitar on stage in a packed concert or on a cardboard box in an alleyway!"

Shannon didn't notice Julian's fierce look of desire, or the way that he was slowly inching over the doorstep towards her. Her eyes were welling with tears of anger mixed with joy.

"And I'm thinking that you owe me a lot more than just one rose if you're going to come back and ask me to open my heart back up again!"

Julian stepped forward fully, closing the door behind him. Shannon gasped as his arm reached out around her, pulling her close to him. She could smell his cologne, and when he bent his head to her ear she could hear her own heart beating fast against his chest.

"What do I owe you?" His whisper was low, so low that she almost couldn't hear it.

"I...you..."

"I know I messed up, Shannon," Julian said. His hands slid around her back, and she could feel their strength through the terry cloth. She became abruptly aware that she was only wearing a towel, and she pressed herself against him to keep the fabric from slipping down.

"I'm sorry I hurt you, but I want to make it right. Whatever it takes. Whatever it takes."

He pulled back slightly, and Shannon could see now that there was a hint of mischief in his smile.

"Whatever it takes?"

"Tell me, Shannon." He bent his head down and kissed her on the crook between her neck and her shoulder. She shivered at the touch, already feeling the place between her thighs ache with desire.

"What exactly do I owe you?" His kisses moved across her collarbone, every one of them sending strange signals through her body. She was scared that he would leave again, scared that she would again be denied real love. Her body was responding despite her anxieties, though, and she could not help but moan when his tongue licked the hollow just at the base of her neck.

"Ohhh."

"What can I do to repay you, Shannon?" Julian's fingers moved up, hooking themselves around the top edge of her towel. Shannon began to protest, but Julian placed a single finger on her lips and she felt her words evaporate at his touch.

"Don't worry," he said. "I don't expect you to forgive me just yet. I just want you to give me another chance. Is that okay? Can I have another chance?"

His eyes were locked on hers, and she could see a genuine fear in his eyes that she would say no. He seemed utterly vulnerable, even as his arm held her tight. Shannon could tell that no matter what had happened, he was truly sorry. He really did want her. It made her heart rush with the kind of passion she had thought only happened in books.

"Okay," she said. She raised her arms, letting the towel drop freely to the floor. Julian's eyes went wide as she stepped over the cloth and let her damp body come into contact with his. She raised one hand to caress his cheek.

"Maybe just one more chance."

Julian kissed her fervently, spinning her around and pressing her against the door. She squealed as he lifted her up, her legs wrapping around his waist involuntarily as he kissed her hard on the neck.

"Julian!"

"You said one more chance," Julian mumbled, nuzzling her between her br**sts. His hands gripped her ass, squeezing them and kneading them. Shannon felt herself being rocked against the door, and she leaned back for support.

"Ohh!" she cried out. Every particle of her being was aching for this, had been aching for this since the week before. She had been dreaming about his mouth for days, his hands, his hair, his eyes. Now that he was here, she felt dizzy, intoxicated with desire.

"Mmmm," he said. His mouth found her nipple, sucked hard. She yelped.

"Oh, I'm going to have to repay you for that, too," he said. Shannon giggled, but her giggle turned into a gasp as his tongue worked its way in a circle around her sensitive nipple, caressing the skin.

"Kiss me, Julian," she said. "I want to feel you against me."

He obliged, and she felt his lips soft and warm against hers at first. Then the kiss grew harder, more insistent. She moaned against his skin.

They were so engrossed in each other that Shannon didn't hear the door opening until it was too late.

Brynn.

The door swung a few inches open, hitting Shannon directly in the back. Immediately she pushed back against it, slamming it shut. She heard a shout from the other side.

"Shannon?"

The doorknob started to turn again and she grabbed it. It jostled under her hand.

"One second, Brynn!"

Shannon extricated herself from Julian's embrace, keeping her hand on the doorknob while she picked up the towel from the floor.

"Shannon? What the hell are you doing? Let me in!"

"I said one second!" She waved the towel at Julian, motioning him to go down the hall. Julian was laughing silently. Shannon yelled through the door of the apartment.

"Sorry, Brynn, I was just walking around nak*d. Give me five seconds to get to my room before you open the door!"

She let go of the doorknob and then sprinted down the hall, pulling a laughing Julian along with her. As they reached her room and slipped inside she heard the apartment door open.

"Naked? Shannon?"

Shannon poked her head out of the room back into the hallway.

"Sorry, Brynn, I'm getting dressed."

"Why are you walking around nak*d in the apartment?" Brynn dumped her books on the counter in the hallway. "And why is there water on the floor?"

Julian poked his head out above Shannon's.

"We're just getting ready to go to dinner," he said.

Shannon elbowed him in the side and he fell back into her room, cracking up. Brynn's eyes went wide at the sight of a guy in Shannon's room. She had never brought a boy back home before.

"Oh, right," she said. "Sorry to interrupt. I'll, um, I'll just get my study binder and go back to the library." She gathered her books back up into her arms.

"Sorry, Brynn," Shannon said. Julian pulled her back into her room and shut the door.

"Getting ready to go to dinner?" Shannon put her hands on her hips. She was completely nak*d, water dripping down her body from the wet ends of her hair, but for whatever reason she didn't feel the least bit self-conscious at that moment, standing in front of Julian.

"That's actually why I came here." Julian sat down on her bed and gazed around. Shannon saw the room through his eyes: the clothes strewn on the floor, the photography assignment spread out across her desk. There was even a stuffed animal on her pillow.

"Oh?"

"To take you to dinner. As part of my repayment for being a - what did you call me again? An idiot and a jerk?"

"No!" Shannon flushed now, embarrassed that she had let out her frustrations on him.

"I think the words you used were 'the dumbest man in the world', if I recall correctly."

"Oh, hush!" she cried.

"No, it's true," Julian said. "I was an idiot to leave you, and a jerk not to call." He stood up. "So I want to take you to dinner." He bent down and kissed her gently on the mouth.

"Okay," she said.

"Good. Our reservations are at seven."

"What? I've got to get dressed!" Shannon spun around toward her closet.

"As much as I like this view," Julian said, "I have to agree. You'd better put on something before I get too tempted."

"Uh huh, right."

"You made me lose control back there, but I don't want to be late, so you'd better hurry." He spanked her on the butt and Shannon let out a squeal that was more surprise than pain.

"I don't know what I have to wear," she said apologetically, pushing aside half of the hangers in her closet. "Is this a fancy place?"

"The fanciest. Are these your photographs?" Julian had walked over and was looking at her desk. Shannon felt the urge to sweep all the photographs into a drawer. Her work... There was a portrait study there of Brynn, studying as always, her hair brushed to one side as she focused on a mathematical theorem. Another set of photographs showed the landscape behind her college, the desert lit up red and orange by the early rays of sunshine.

"Um, yeah," Shannon said. She felt nak*d. "They're for class."

"They're wonderful." Julian held up a photo of a bar scene. Shannon didn't really drink, but she liked going to bars to take pictures. There were always the most interesting people there. When Julian put down the photo, she thought she saw a twinge of sadness in his eyes.

"They're just assignments," Shannon said, secretly proud.

"They're really wonderful." Julian said. "You're an amazing photographer."

"Oh hush already," Shannon said. "Where are we going?" Her stomach rose nervously. Was he going to take her downtown? Maybe to that new French seafood restaurant. She didn't really like seafood, but she would go anywhere with Julian.

"It's a secret," Julian said. "How about you wear that slinky dress you wore to the concert?"

"That's way too sexy," Shannon protested. "Wayyyy too sexy."

"If you think it's way too sexy, then it's perfect."

"What? Where the hell are we going to eat?"

Shannon sighed. She really didn't have anything else. Jeans and sweatshirts, the college student's outfit, and an ankle-length black dress with long sleeves that she had worn to her grandmother's funeral the year before. It didn't really fit her. Maybe if she just put a cardigan on over her slinky dress it would be okay. Maybe.

"Alright, alright, you win." She pulled the slinky dress out of the closet and threw it on the bed next to Julian. It shimmered under the light.

Julian watched her as she quickly put on her bra and panties. Thank goodness she had just bought a new set. Her underwear never matched normally, but now she pulled on the red lace and thought to herself that it was a good thing she had done a shopping therapy trip with Jason.

"Sexy," Julian said. "I like it."

Shannon smirked and reached out to grab her dress. She stepped into it and pulled it up, smoothing the fabric over her hips.

"Zip me up?" she said, turning her back to Julian.

"I like watching you dress," Julian said, kissing the place between her shoulders before pulling the zipper up all the way. "But not as much as I'm going to like watching you undress later."

"Is that so?" Shannon said, arching her eyebrow. She pulled out a cardigan from her closet and slung it over her arm.

"That's so," Julian said solemnly. "It's part of my repayment plan."

Shannon grinned and picked up her purse from the mess all over her desk.

"Alright," she said. "Let's go."

CHAPTER FOUR

Julian opened the door for Shannon to get into the car. Its yellow hood shone dimly under the last rays of the setting sun.

"Nice rental," she said. Her fingers ran along the edge of the car door and Julian felt the familiar ache of desire inside of him. He wanted to take her hand and slide her fingers into his mouth, suck on her salty skin. He wanted to slide her hands between her thighs and make her come again, just as he had before. He wanted to-

"I'm sorry, what?" She had said something to him.

"I said what kind of car is it?" Shannon grinned, a smile that made his heart melt.

"It's a Datsun 280z," he said. "I asked the guy at the rental place to give it to me just for tonight."

"It looks like an old racing car or something." Shannon twisted in her seat, showing more than a hint of her cl**vage. She was breathtaking.

Julian slid into the seat next to her. The leather seats smelled warm and inviting, the steering wheel oversized under the palms of his hands.

"This was the kind of car my dad had when I was a kid." Julian breathed deeply, running one hand along the dash. "Of course, ours was a junker. He bought it for three hundred dollars and was always trying to get it to run."

"Did you help out?"

"Yeah, that's how I learned about cars. Hell, if I hadn't joined Wilder Side, I would probably have become a mechanic. We must have replaced every piece of that car, twice!"

Shannon laughed as Julian continued. His mind drifted back to the past.

"I was ten years old or so, and he would bring me with him to the junkyards to find the scrap parts. It was so fun, like a scavenger hunt. I remember he would always examine the pieces I brought to him, even if they were completely rusted out and junky, even if they were the completely wrong part. He'd tell me what was wrong about them and I'd go running off to look for more. The junkyards were just filled with acres and acres of scrap cars, and I'd go climbing around on the old piles of junk looking for that one perfect piece that would make the car work."

"Sounds like an adventure."

"It was." Julian sighed. "It was." He reached down and turned the key in the ignition. The Datsun's motor roared to life, then backed down to a murmur. He pushed down on the clutch and shifted into neutral, revving the car to hear the engine purr.

"So did you ever finish it?"

Julian paused. There was a lump in his throat. Even now, even after so long.

"No," he said. "My dad died before we were done."

"I'm sorry," Shannon said softly. She put her hand over his.

"His fault," Julian said. His voice turned bitter. "Had too many drinks and headed home from the bar late one night. Crashed his truck into a ditch. My mom opened the door, took one look at the sheriff's car outside and knew what had happened."

"I'm so sorry."

"We had to sell the car after that, sell it for parts." Julian said. He looked down. His hand was clutching at the gearshift so tightly that his fingers were white. "Only got half as much for it, after all that work."

He looked up at Shannon and found that there were tears in her eyes.

"I'll never do that," he said. He turned his hand over underneath hers, entwining their fingers together. "I promise."

Shannon just nodded. Julian let out a deep breath. He was surprised to find that there were tears rising in his eyes, too. He stared out the windshield and blinked hard.

"Hell," Julian said. His voice was shaky. "I didn't mean to start this off so bad."

"It's not bad," Shannon said. "I'm glad you told me."

"You still want to go to dinner with me?" Julian said, trying to smile.

Shannon leaned over and put her head on his shoulder. Her hand squeezed his arm, and he felt something inside of him break loose, fall away. He felt as though the world looked a bit brighter, even with the sun setting.

"Of course," she whispered.

"Good," he said. He shifted into first gear and revved the engine. "I wouldn't want to make you get all dressed up for nothing."

They drove off into the evening. The sun had just dipped below the horizon, and the sky was still dusky with the faint promises of tomorrow's light. Julian turned off of the main freeway onto a small county road.

"Where on earth are you taking me?" Shannon asked.

"It's a surprise."

Shannon peered out of the window. The first stars were beginning to be visible in the east, but rising up in front of them were the looming shadows of the mountains.

"I think you're taking me out into the middle of the nowhere," Shannon said.

"That's right." Julian grinned. He had planned everything out perfectly. At least, he thought he had. He looked at the dashboard clock. They still had over a half hour. Perfect.

"I think you're secretly a serial killer," she said. "And you just use your charms to lure your victims into a false sense of security."

"You are absolutely correct, my dear," Julian said. He dropped into a lower gear as they wove through the first mountain curve. The road grew steeper and the engine made the whole car shiver with tension.

"You're going to bring me out to the forest where there's nobody else around."

"Yep."

"And I think you're going to take me up the side of the mountain push me off of a cliff." Shannon's eyes sparked with imagination. Julian wanted to lean over and kiss her, but he was focused on maneuvering around the hairpin turns.

"Not at all," Julian said. "I'm going to chop you up and feed you to a mountain lion."

"Oh," Shannon said, crossing her arms. "In that case, carry on."

"Thank you for being so obliging."

"Of course. You know what this means, though?"

Julian darted a quick glance over towards the passenger seat. Shannon was leaning her face against the window, looking down at the mountainside below.

"What does this mean?"

"Well, if you kidnap me away to the mountain and kill me and serve my chopped-up corpse to mountain lions, you'll REALLY owe me big time."

Julian cracked a wide grin.

"I promised I'd make it up to you," he said. "So don't worry about a thing."

"All I know is this had better be a hell of a dinner date. I was expecting, like, a sunset sail or something."

"A sunset sail?"

"Yeah, like, on a sailboat. I've never been on a sailboat before."

"I'm so sorry to disappoint you, but we're not going sailing."

"I figured that out once we started up the mountain," Shannon said. "Unless you have a crazy mountain sailboat or something."

Julian laughed. "No mountain sailboats, I'm afraid."

"I am SO disappointed." Shannon giggled.

Ten minutes later they were almost up the mountain, and Julian recognized the turnout. He pulled the car over to the edge of the mountain, the tires spinning gravel underneath the body of the sleek car. In first gear the Datsun rolled slowly over, and Julian positioned the car near the ledge overlooking the city. He pulled up the emergency brake and turned off the engine.

"I don't suppose you have a picnic lunch in the trunk," Shannon said.

"You are one saucy lady." Julian leaned over and gave her a quick peck on the cheek. "No, we're early. I thought you might like to see the view."

He jumped out of the car and slid over the hood, action-hero style. Tonight had made him feel young again, more adventurous. He opened Shannon's door for her and gestured gallantly towards the view, holding out his other hand for her to take.

She let him escort her out of the car, and when she saw the view below she gasped.

"Oh Julian," she said. He came over to stand behind her and slid his arms around the front of her waist, holding her close. Her gorgeous red hair smelled like a flowers. Jasmine, maybe.

The city lights stretched out before them, a valley of white and colored gems shining through the darkness.

"Do you like it?" he said.

"It's just beautiful."

He held her close to his chest, feeling her breathe under his embrace. She was so lovely. He had never met a girl like her - someone who could make him fall over with laughter one minute and then take his breath away the next.

It had been a while, he didn't know how long, since he had been sober for any length of time. This past day had been excruciating. Every second seemed like a minute, every minute seemed like an hour. Especially when he had to sit in the back of the tour bus and trade stories with Asher. At times like that he just wanted to reach for the bottle.

But now that he was here with Shannon, he didn't want to drink. Well, it wasn't that he didn't want to - the nagging demon sitting on his shoulder never shut up until he was buzzed. It was just that his desire for Shannon was so much more important that it made all of his other desires seem puny, insignificant. With her, he could forget the darkness that always seemed to be creeping up on him.

She shivered under his arms, and he squeezed her tightly.

"Cold?"

"Maybe just a little." She turned in his arms and tilted her head back expectantly. "I'll take some of that repayment now, if you don't mind."

Julian didn't mind at all.

The coolness of the air evaporated as soon as his lips touched hers. He felt himself growing hard against her, and rather than shy away she leaned into his body, showing him her desire.

He kissed her hard, wanting her to feel his own longing, to see how much he needed her. It was a shock to him when he felt her hand between his legs, touching his hardness with her beautiful fingers. Lord, he wanted to suck on those fingers. He pulled back a bit and saw that she was smiling shyly.

"Naughty girl," Julian said, his mouth curving into a grin. "I like it."

"I'm not nearly as naughty as you," Shannon said. "Waiting a week to call and then showing up unannounced on my doorstep."

She drew a line down his chest with her finger and stopped just above his belt, her fingertip teasing him with the lightest touch. God, he felt as though he would explode if she continued to touch him that way.

He pulled her over to the car, kissing her all the way. Her skin was so soft and smooth, like satin. He couldn't wait to hold her underneath him. He brought his hands around her backside, cupping her ass cheeks. They filled his hands, taut and delicious, and he could not stop himself from giving them a firm squeeze.

"See? Naughty, naughty." Her voice made Julian tense with desire. He pushed her back onto the hood of the car, placing one hand on either side of her.

"I told you I would repay you," Julian said.

"Mmmm, warm," Shannon murmured, letting herself relax against the heated metal. The car's engine had warmed up the hood considerably, and Shannon's body writhed against the surface. Her sinuous curves were too much for Julian to bear, and he almost came when she reached up with one hand and touched the front of his pants.

Grabbing her wrists and pinning them above her head, he leaned forward to kiss her.

"You're as beautiful as a pinup model," Julian said, his lips grazing her cheek. "And twice as sassy."

"You love it," Shannon said. Her legs came up around him and pulled him tight against her. He had to fight himself to keep from thrusting against her through the fabric. It was impossible. He hadn't been this hard in years, not since he was a horny teenager. The surge in his libido frightened him at the same time as it excited him.

He reached down to touch her between her legs, keeping both of her hands pinned up against the metal hood. When his fingers reached her warmth, he gasped. She was dripping wet, her silken panties already soaked through.

"Lord," he whispered, pulling a sharp breath into his lungs. The cool air cleared his head somewhat, but Shannon's obvious desire had made him dizzy with anticipation.

"I want you," she said. "I want you so badly."

Julian moved down, one hand tearing off her panties while the other unbuckled his belt. He paused to look at her once she was nak*d under her dress.

"You're incredible," he said, his fingers outlining her warm pink slit. He hadn't f**ked a real woman in ages. All of the sex he had gotten in the last year had been half-hearted blowjobs from fans who only wanted to get closer to Alex. Shannon was different. She was the real thing. Her tangles of red hair shone brightly in the moonlight and her dress clung tight to her body, swelling in all the right places.

He shuffled off his own pants and underwear, his erection raging hard as he leaned into her. He paused at her entrance, his c*ck warm and slick from her juices. He wanted this moment to last an eternity - time slowed down as his anticipation grew, and he felt himself twitch, the flames in his groin fanned high by her intoxicating presence.

"Don't stop," Shannon whispered. "Take me."

There was no other word he needed to hear. He plunged himself between her, his rock hard c*ck forcing itself into her tight slit. Tight - god, she was tight. All of her folds were soft and slick, and he rocked himself back, then forward again, working his swollen c*ck in farther.

"Oh god! Oh! Yes!"

Shannon closed her eyes, and he reluctantly slowed himself down. At the rate he was going, he would come within a few seconds, and after getting so worked up he did not want to spend himself so quickly. But Shannon was twisting under his grip, her body clenching itself around his shaft in a delicious agony of friction tempered by her slickness.

He pushed himself in slowly, inch by agonizing inch. He ran his free hand along Shannon's arm, her side, all the way down to her hip where he pressed her hard into the hood of the car. Shannon quivered under his touch, letting out soft gasps of pleasure.

"There!" she cried out as he moved inward. "Oh god- yes- there!"

Her moan pierced their air as she bucked against him, her legs twined around him pulling him tight around her. Then she shivered, her head thrown back, and the orgasm that echoed through her body in waves made him harder than ever.

"Oh god, Julian..."

Julian shifted forward, rocking himself even deeper into her body and tensing his muscles to keep himself from exploding. Shannon's eyes went wide as Julian pressed himself against her body. He let go of her wrists and brought both of his hands to her head, running his fingers through her hair passionately. Red - bright red. He felt as though his entire body had caught fire.

Her hands came up and caressed his shoulders. He dipped into her, letting his thrusts grow faster as she caught her breath from her cli**x.

"Julian-"

He stopped her words with a kiss, pulling every drop of sweetness from her full lips. He dipped again, his lips still against hers, and she moaned hard.

That sound. It sent him into a frenzy, and he could not stop the passion that took hold of him. Thrusting harder, faster, he felt his entire body turn wild with desire.

"Yes, yes-"

She was on the verge of coming again, and he would not let himself release until she had reached her second peak. He plunged into her again and again, the sweet tight flesh tensing around his throbbing shaft, sending thrill after thrill into the heart of his body.

"Ohhhhhh!"

The sound that escaped her lips was something between a moan and a cry, and as her body went wild under his, pulling him hard against her, he could not help but let himself take her with the force he had always held suppressed deep within him. His body crashed into hers violently as she writhed in orgasm, feeling the wave of release rise up higher within his own self.

At the last moment he withdrew, gripping himself with one hand as his seed spurted out through his fingers. He cried out, his forehead wet with sweat, as he jerked once, twice, and then was spent.

He breathed hard, fast, trying to get his heart under control as his vision swam before his eyes.

Shannon sat up slowly and turned to grasp the panties that had been thrown half-heartedly aside. She wiped him with the dry parts of her underwear. The silk against his c*ck made him half-hard even as he was recovering from his cli**x. He took the panties from her, smiling.

"A little wet to wear, don't you think?"

"Guess I'll just have to go without them for tonight."

At the sight of her mischievous smile, Julian felt his c*ck stir again. Before he could say anything, though, she pulled herself up and off of the car hood, balancing precariously on her heels while she steadied herself and pulled the hem of her dress down over her thighs. Those gorgeous thighs.

"Now get your pants on," she said, one hand on her hip. "We've got dinner reservations."

CHAPTER FIVE

As they drove through the mountains, Shannon leaned her head just outside the window, letting the cool air stream past her face and blow through her hair. Her skin was still hot from their lovemaking, and her heart beat just a shade faster than normal. The car's engine growled as Julian shifted into a lower gear, accelerating around the mountain's curves, and the vibrations sent new shivers up Shannon's legs.

"What are you thinking?" Julian asked.

Shannon smiled. Her mind roiled with images of Julian and her pressed together, making love in unlikely places.

"You don't want to know what I'm thinking."

"No?"

"No. I'm thinking naughty things."

"Then I definitely want to know what you're thinking."

Shannon turned in her seat, her hand reaching out to stroke Julian's shoulder.

"I'm thinking about us. About how crazy this all is."

"I want you to know I've never done anything like this before." Julian pointed ahead through the windshield, and Shannon saw a tiny log cabin tucked away into the folds of the mountain, a thin line of smoke escaping from the chimney. The entrance was lit by a single rustic lantern.

"That's where we're going?"

"Yep." Julian pulled off of the road and parked in a small parking lot. He helped Shannon out of the car. Her heels slipped on the gravel and he caught her arm, supporting her.

There was only one other car in the parking lot, a beat-up white van. The lantern flickered in the doorway of the small cabin, and the inside glowed invitingly through the window curtains.

"You're sure you're not going to chop me up, Mr. Serial Killer?"

"I promise I won't."

"What do you mean then, you've never done anything like this before?" Shannon let Julian lead her to the steps of the cabin. The wood boards creaked under her heels, and the wind whistled through the trees overhead. Julian paused on the doorstep, taking her by both hands.

"I've never fallen for anyone like I've fallen for you, Shannon. It scared me. And I acted like a jerk because I was scared."

"Julian-"

"Please, Shannon. Just let me apologize."

His eyes were rounded, watery, and Shannon let her protests fade away.

"I treated you worse than you ever deserve to be treated, and I want you to know that I'm never going to treat you badly again. I've been stupid to hold back, because I realize that you're the most special person I've ever met. I'm sorry. Thank you for giving me another chance."

He leaned forward and opened the door, and Shannon gasped. The room inside was filled with hundreds of candles from top to bottom, surrounding a table that looked like it had been plucked from a fancy French restaurant and placed in the cabin just for them. The large window on the side of the cabin opened up to the valley below, the city lights twinkling just as they had from the car lookout. Behind it all, a roaring fire heated the room, the flames licking at the wrought iron grate.

Julian kissed her hand. "I'm going to make this chance count."

"Oh my god." Shannon stepped inside of the cabin. "This... this is beautiful, Julian."

"Now it is," Julian said. His eyes were drinking her in, and for a moment Shannon could almost picture herself as he saw her, the shimmering dress lit by candlelight from all angles.

Julian closed the door and pulled a chair out for her. Shannon sat down, in awe of the resplendent beauty. The table linens were topped with ornate silverware, and rose petals lined her plate.

A soft knock came from behind, and Shannon turned her head to see the back door of the cabin open. A man in a tuxedo entered with a bottle of wine clasped in his white-glove clad hands. Behind him she could just see steam rising from a stovetop.

"Mr. Brennan," the man said, bowing and offering the bottle for inspection. Julian approved and the man poured him each a glass.

"Shannon, this is Chef Louis Cantrelle," Julian said. The man bowed again as he poured Shannon's glass.

"Tonight I am chef, waiter, and sommelier," the man said, winking. "I trust you will enjoy this one, Mr. Bremmer."

"Thank you, chef," Julian said.

"Is there anything I should avoid preparing for your dishes, mademoiselle? Any allergies or dislikes?"

Shannon shook her head. This was all too much for her to take in.

"Very well, then I will bring you your appetizers presently. Thank you and enjoy."

"Thank you," Shannon murmured. When he had left the room and closed the door, Shannon stared at Julian, who picked up his glass of wine, swirling it in the glass.

"How on earth did you do all this?" she said.

"This?" Julian gestured around, the candles flickering under the movement of the air. "This was nothing. But Chef Cantrelle was hard to get. I've eaten several meals at his restaurants, but he is normally so busy that it was hard to pull him away for an evening."

"I imagine."

Julian leaned forward.

"Really, though, once I told him I was trying to impress a girl, he was very excited for it. I can't wait to see what he makes."

"You mean you don't know?"

"Oh, no! I wouldn't dare to ask. I'm sure it will be delicious, though, all of it."

It was delicious.

The appetizer was bowls of mussels steamed in a garlic and white wine cream broth, with the flakiest, freshest bread Shannon had ever tasted on the side to mop up the leftover broth. Then came a course of braised lamb followed by a goat cheese and walnut salad. By this time Shannon thought she might burst to overflowing, but each course tasted better than the last. She had drunk two glasses of wine by the time the main dish arrived, and she felt as though the air in the room had been changed, transformed by the delightful food and the even more delightful conversation. It was a rarefied atmosphere, and the twinkling lights around her made her head spin even more.

"This next dish is a specialty of mine," Chef Cantrelle said as he brought out the covered platter, raising the lid dramatically. "Coq au vin, just as my mother used to make."

"It smells wonderful," Shannon said.

"Please enjoy. I will be back afterwards to offer you choices for dessert."

They tucked into the dish, neither of them speaking a word as they savored the first few bites.

"Thank you," Shannon said. She took another sip of wine. "I can't thank you enough, Julian. This is beyond wonderful."

"No more than you deserve," Julian said. "But I'm going to have to order dessert for you." Julian's face was serious, but his voice was teasing.

"Oh really?" Shannon raised one eyebrow and teasing back. "You just have to be in charge?"

"I'm always in charge, even if you don't know it yet."

"No you're not." Julian echoed her words along with her, and Shannon burst into giggles.

"That doesn't mean you're in charge," she said. "That just means you know what I'm thinking." She swirled her wine in her glass, watching the red rivulets break across the surface tension.

"It's the same thing. I know what you want before you do."

Shannon's face twisted into a triumphant grin.

"So you can't do anything you want. You can only do what I want."

Julian smiled softly.

"Same thing."

Shannon was not about to let him go this easily. She took another sip of her wine and leaned back in her chair.

"And if I don't want what you want?" she said archly.

"I think I can convince you."

"Julian, are we talking about dessert or kinky sex here?"

Julian laughed, spreading his hands in the air.

"Hey! Why not both?"

Their laughter subsided, and Julian's expression became serious. Shannon prepared herself for another round of teasing, but this time he was serious.

"The band still has one more stop on this tour," he said. "A couple of shows in San Diego."

Shannon swallowed hard. The tender coq au vin seemed to stick in her throat, and she reached for her wine to wash it down. Her hand bumped the glass, and it tilted precariously. Julian caught it from falling, his hand wrapping around hers. Suddenly her eyes were wet with tears.

"I'm sorry," she said. "I don't know why..." Her voice trailed off into nothing.

"I don't want to leave you, Shannon," Julian said. "I'm not going to repeat my last mistake."

"How?" Shannon said. Her voice was quavering, and she bit her lip hard to give herself strength to talk. "You're on tour, and I'm here, and that's that."

As soon as she said it, she felt a sob rising in her throat. She had fantasized about the two of them, but that's all it was - a fantasy. This beautiful dinner, the car ride up - all of it was just a part of a dream that she had to wake up from eventually. Shannon blotted the corner of her eyes with her napkin, willing her tears to stop.

"That's what I wanted to ask you about," Julian said. The words rushed out of his mouth, as though he couldn't stop them from flowing. "In San Diego. The tour. We don't have an official tour photographer right now. And since you're so good at photography, I was thinking - I mean, I know you're busy with school. And if you can't come, that's okay. But-"

"You want me to come with you?" Shannon couldn't believe what she was hearing. San Diego wasn't that far, but she had never thought Julian would want her to come along.

"Just if the tour doesn't interfere with your classes. It would be for the next week, week and a half."

Shannon's mouth dropped open. It was true. He did want her to come with him. It was impossible, but it was happening.

Chef Chantrelle opened the door at that perfectly inopportune moment, three desserts displayed on his silver platter. He walked over to the table to show them off, but Shannon couldn't tear her gaze from Julian's face. Her heart was leaping for joy inside. To go on tour with Julian! As the official tour photographer! It was all she could do to keep herself from jumping on the table and screaming in delight.

"I'll have the apple tart," Julian said calmly. "And mademoiselle will have the chocolate ganache." The chef bowed and exited the way he had come.

"Did I order right?" Julian said, his mouth curving into a half-grin. "Is that what you want?"

"Yes," Shannon said, breathless. Chocolate something or other? She hadn't heard. "Yes, that's what I want."

"And the tour?"

"Yes." She clasped his hand tightly. It would be hard, but she would make it work. She could make anything work. Everything was right with the world as long as they were together.

"Yes," she repeated, looking into Julian's eyes. "That's what I want."

THE END

