CHAPTER ONE

Shannon flipped her long red hair back, trying not to look as out of place as she felt. Every fan in the crowd seemed to be a different version of the same skinny, bleached-blond beauty. Oh well, guess I didn't get the memo. She raised her camera up and took two steps backward in the sand to frame the shot, bumping into a group of cheering fans as she moved back.

"Oops, sorry!" She steadied herself and focused her camera on the singer of the band that was up on stage. It was a group of girls who were rocking out like their life depended on it. The banner strung out over the stage behind them read

Cheap Trix. They were opening for Wilder Side, and Shannon wanted to make sure she got good shots of everything, even the opening act.

"Watch yourself," one of the fans said. Shannon apologized again, but as she turned away she could hear them fuming behind her: "... as fat as a walrus seal. And just as clumsy!"

Shannon would normally have been crushed by such a remark, but today nothing could put her in a foul mood. Not while she was on tour with her man, the lead guitarist for Wilder Side. The San Diego sunshine was still warming the sand in the late afternoon, and from the front of the stage she could see the ocean crashing into the pier just a step away. It was the perfect venue for a show - the stage set up right next to the beach on the sandy dunes. And even though it was early spring, the weather couldn't have been more beautiful.

The only problem, in fact, was that the sunshine made it somewhat hard to get good shots of the band on stage. She had hoped to figure it out by shooting the opening band, Cheap Trix. But as the singer hit the last note of their last song, Shannon realized that there was no way she was going to be able to get any good shots of Wilder Side in the over-bright sun.

Some people thought the more light, the better, but photographers knew that too much sun caused no end of trouble. The high contrast created blown-out highlights in the images, and too much contrast made it hard to fix afterward. The shadows cast by an overhead sun could even make people's faces look gaunt, like skeletons. Argh.

Julian had trusted her to shoot the last stop on their tour, though, and Shannon was determined to make it work. As Cheap Trix exited the stage, she darted up to the side stairs. The band had already come out of the dressing rooms in the building behind the stage, and she could see Daniel checking over their gear.

"Hold on," the security guard said, putting up his hands to stop her.

"I'm with the band," Shannon said, holding out her backstage pass. "I need to get on stage."

He waved her along, stepping back to contain the mob of girls behind her who were already screaming Alex Wilder's name.

"Hey sexy, what are you doing here?" Julian said when he saw Shannon backstage. His guitar was slung over his shoulder and he bent down to give Shannon a kiss. The brief contact made Shannon's stomach twist with desire.

"I brought some windshield reflectors," Shannon said, craning her head to look around the band's gear. "I left them next to the amps. Are they-"

She saw what she was looking for and bent over to grab them.

"Perfect. Any chance I can set these up onstage?"

"Sure," Julian said, smiling at Shannon's fervor. "What for?"

"Just need to get some light reflected onto you guys. Or else the sun is going to wash you out in the photos."

"My beautiful photography genius." Julian kissed her forehead, hugging her close. She felt his hands begin to drift down her hips.

"Julian! Later, later!" She hated to leave him. "I have to set this up."

"Of course. My very serious and very professional photography genius." He released her from his embrace.

"Oh hush, you!" Shannon smiled as she turned away and skipped up the stage steps to set up the reflectors. The road crew for Cheap Trix was still dismantling their sound equipment as she placed the reflectors across the edge of the stage, out of the way of the band but still close enough to reflect light. She darted a glance down to the audience, and her breath caught in her throat.

The raised stage here had no curtain; everything was open to the audience. From down in the crowd, Shannon hadn't realized how vast the audience of people was. Looking out now, though, she saw thousands and thousands of scantily-clad fans swarming across the sand. The ocean was in clear view, too, with the sun reflecting off the waves crashing down on the beach. Shannon snapped a lens hood onto her camera and started shooting. When the crew from Wilder Side came to set up the stage, she continued to take photos, adjusting the reflectors based on how they looked. Julian smiled as she came back down the stairs.

"You look determined. And professional. And sexy as hell."

Shannon simply held up the camera and snapped away.

"Portrait of a rock star," she said.

"Portrait of a man in love," Julian echoed, and then he was walking up the stairs and onto the stage behind Alex, and the crowd was screaming the band's name. Shannon's heart leapt in her chest. In love? Julian had asked her to come to the last stop on their tour to photograph the band, and she knew he liked her, but he had never once mentioned love. Until now. In love? Her blood pumped hard through her veins.

"Pull yourself together, Shannon," she said to herself, holding her camera up to her chest. "You have a job to do."

Shannon pushed through the crowd, snapping shots from different angles. The sun was beginning to sink down toward the horizon and the light shone dimly onto the band as the music started up. The sound system blared the first guitar intro, and the crowd screamed in unison. Shannon could hear a mob of girls shouting Julian's name and she smiled. He's all mine.

The drum beat pounded in her heart, making her grateful that Julian had given her earplugs to protect her eardrums. It was loud, even on an outside stage. She got a great shot of Alex leaning down to touch the sea of hands reaching out to the stage. Another one of Daniel fiercely playing his bass, concentrating only on the strings. Asher's hair was flying all over the place while he drummed, but she had fun trying for a close-up shot through his drum kit from the front of the stage. She could feel the music throbbing through her body as she took the photos, and the energy of the crowd pulsed electric in the air.

She took photos of the fans, too. One of the girls had a Wilder Side tattoo inked on her entire back, the band's name surrounded by roses and hearts. A group of guys dressed only in skimpy swim trunks posed next to a banner sign reading "I LOVE ALEX WILDER". Too many girls flashed Shannon for her to keep count; she pretended to take pictures and moved away from them quickly.

Before the set was done, Shannon got backstage to get some pictures from the back. She climbed the ladder behind the stage and tried to be as unobtrusive as possible. The shots were perfect. You could see the sun setting over the ocean, the audience backlit by the orange and red rays. Alex and Julian were playing together, the ocean visible between their two guitars. Perfect, just perfect.

Shannon had already gone back around to the crowd to take more sideview pictures when she saw Pat hurrying the band back to their dressing rooms. She squirmed through the waves of fans who were trying to push their way backstage toward the band, worried all the way that her camera would be crushed by the enthused mob. She got past one security guard, but as she made her way toward the building the security people were turning people away.

"Sorry, emergency," the guard said. "Can't let anyone back here."

"I'm with the band," Shannon said, yelling so that the guard could hear her over the roar of the crowd. "What emergency?"

The guard shrugged and let her in. She saw Pat just inside the hallway.

"What's happening?" she asked, breathless. "They said there was an emergency."

"It's a PR emergency," the manager said, his forehead beaded with sweat. He was texting someone on his cell phone, his thumbs moving rapid-fire on the keys.

"Where's Julian?"

"They're all in Alex's room," Pat said, pointing his thumb back at the door marked Alex Wilder before going back to his texts. "You probably don't want to go in there."

"What? Why not?"

"It's nothing. Alex is just a bit worked up."

Something heavy crashed against the dressing room door from inside, and Shannon's eyes widened.

"Alright, he's a lot worked up." Pat read an incoming message on his phone, and groaned.

Shannon pushed past him impatiently and opened Alex's dressing room door. As she walked through the doorway a chair skidded across the floor and banged hard into a table.

"What the FUCK?" Alex yelled. His flushed face was knotted into a mixture of sorrow and anger. Julian leaned against the dressing room counter, and both Daniel and Asher sat in chairs, watching with not a small amount of worry.

"What's going on?" Shannon asked. She took a tentative step inside the dressing room as Alex whirled his arm around, scattering the venue financial paperwork into the air.

"Don't ask," Asher said. Daniel shook his head in agreement.

"What in the good goddamn FUCK?" Alex threw himself backwards against the wall, his head held in his hands as though it would burst if he let go. His arms vibrated with tension.

"This can't be happening," he said. His head shook. "Not happening. Not now."

Shannon's eyes moved to Julian, who nodded toward the television.

"BREAKING NEWS!" It was one of those Hollywood entertainment channels. On screen was a photograph of Alex Wilder locked in a passionate embrace. The surprising part came when Shannon saw who Alex was kissing.

"Is that Jason?"

Alex spun around toward Shannon.

"You know him?"

"Um... yeah." Everybody was staring at Shannon. The air in the room was thick with confusion. "He's my friend."

"Did you take that picture?"

Alex pushed aside the chair in front of him and strode towards Shannon. Immediately Julian stood up.

"Did you-"

"No!" Shannon cried out. "No, of course not!"

"You tell your goddamn friend that whoever he got to snap this picture is going to get sued off of his ass for slander. You know what they're saying about me?" Alex stood right in her face, his breath hot with anger.

"Hey, don't talk to her that way." Julian reached Alex and grabbed ahold of one of his shoulders.

"Don't touch me!" Alex turned and tried to shake Julian off. "It's her f**king friend!"

"It's not her fault you're gay!"

It felt like slow motion. Alex's fist pulled back, and Shannon could only watch in horrified paralysis as he hit Julian hard, right in the face. Julian's head whipped back and he stumbled backwards from the punch.

"Fuck!" Julian's hand came up to hold his cheek. Alex, still frenzied, went to throw another punch and Julian caught his arm, wrenching it forward. Alex was pulled off balance and Julian shoved him across the dressing room counter. Shannon heard the dressing mirror lights shatter as Alex's lower body smashed into them.

"Stop it!" she cried out. Julian stepped back as Pat rushed through the door.

"Owww," Alex moaned. He held his side.

"Everybody out!" the manager cried. Asher and Daniel stood up in immediate synchrony and made for the door. Julian looked back at Shannon.

"Everybody out!" he said. "Only Alex can stay. Everybody else out!"

Julian drew one arm around Shannon and led her out, looking backwards over his shoulder at Alex, still prostrate on the counter. There was a look of desperation in his eyes, and Shannon had the strange urge to go back and give him a hug. He seemed entirely alone and angry, like a wild dog backed into a corner and forced to lash out.

They caught up to Asher and Daniel outside.

"Okay, so let's plan on doing things like normal." Julian's voice was shaky but firm. "Practice and sound check tomorrow at three o clock."

"Like normal?" Asher said, his forehead wrinkled in thought. "Is Alex still in the band?"

"Of course he is."

"I wouldn't be too sure about that. Pat was texting Serene," Daniel said. It was so rare for Daniel to speak up that everyone stopped and gave him their full attention.

"Who's Serene?" Asher said.

"Serene from Wave Records," Daniel explained patiently. "The one who writes your checks."

"Oh."

"How do you know?" Julian asked.

"Because that's his text message ringtone for Wave. Remember that one night he was texting her about the recording?" Daniel said it as though it was the most obvious thing in the world, but it was apparent that nobody else knew what he was talking about.

"Well, anyway, he's texting Serene. So whatever it is, it's serious," Daniel said.

"Okay, even so, we should chill out and tomorrow plan on doing everything just like normal in the afternoon. Just like the show's the same."

"So we're playing tomorrow?" Asher asked hopefully.

"Until we hear otherwise, we're playing tomorrow."

Daniel hugged his bass.

"I think I'll go practice."

"I'm going to take a long walk," Asher said. "Maybe skate some." He shook his arms. "I've got this weird energy in me, you know?"

"Okay," Julian said. "Have fun checking out San Diego. See you guys tomorrow at three."

They left the building, the crowd's roar echoing through the opened door. Shannon waited until they were gone to speak.

"Are you okay?" she asked Julian.

"I'm fine," he said, rubbing his face with a balled-up fist. "Just a little bruised, I think."

"Did you know?"

"Know?" Julian looked up at her, realizing her meaning as soon as the word left his mouth.

"Kind of," he said. "At least, I think we all suspected."

"I should call Jason," Shannon said. "Tell him not to talk to anybody. If he hasn't already." The words came out bitter. Jason was her best friend, and if he did anything rash she might have to choose between the band and him.

"I'll meet you back on the bus tonight, then."

"Where are you going?"

"I need to talk to Alex."

"What?!" Shannon put her hands on her hips.

"I'm the closest to him. He'll need someone to talk to about all this."

"He punched you!"

"Shannon." Julian reached out and took her hands in his. She felt the warm stirrings of desire run up her arms. "He's my friend. And my bandmate. I can't let him go through this alone."

Shannon gulped down her objections. If Julian wanted to talk to Alex, then he should. She knew how important the band was to him.

"Okay," she said. "I'll see you later."

"Hey," he said. "I have a surprise for you. For tomorrow."

Shannon's mood lifted.

"A surprise? What is it?"

"You'll love it."

"Argh, you never tell me anything." Shannon's brow furrowed happily. "What is it?"

"Nope, not until tomorrow."

"Well," she said, "it can't be more of a surprise than what's already happened today."

Julian's laugh came out as a cough.

"A different kind of surprise, I'm hoping." He opened the door for Shannon, and a dozen flashing bulbs caught her happy smile. The crowd screamed Julian's name, and Alex's, but he ignored them, looking only into Shannon's eyes.

"Good," she said. "I can't wait."

CHAPTER TWO

Julian kissed Shannon goodbye, eliciting a roar from the mob of fans that were watching them. She walked away and he watched her go. Her camera swung back and forth, her h*ps swaying as she walked. She was the sexiest woman he'd ever known. But there was only one more day on tour, and then the band would have to leave California.

His heart ached at the thought of leaving her. It was unfair of him to expect her to drop her life and come with him. He would never make her choose between his goals and hers. After his dad had died, Julian had seen how hard it was for his mom to raise him alone. She had quit her college classes and given up on her dream. There was no way he would do that to Shannon. Absolutely not.

He walked back through the crowd of screaming fans. Security guards pushed back the photographers and swooning girls. One reporter pushed her way to the front.

"Julian! Julian!"

He turned to look at her.

"What do you think about the recent rumors that Alex Wilder is gay?"

Julian frowned. It had already come to that.

"No comment," he said.

"But the photographs-"

"No comment." He made his way back up the stairs and closed the door behind him. The screams of the crowd faded to a dull roar, like the waves of the ocean crashing on the cliffs far away. Pat was standing outside of Alex's dressing room, looking none too happy.

"Don't go in there," he said when Julian got closer. "I've already got one PR disaster on my hands, I don't need another."

"It's okay," Julian said. "I'm not going to get into another fight."

"You'd better not," Pat said. "I don't want to replace a singer AND a guitarist."

Julian leaned forward, his tall stature looming over Pat's.

"We're not replacing anybody," Julian said.

"I don't... I mean-" Pat stammered, but Julian didn't want to hear any of it. He pushed the shorter man aside and knocked on the door twice before opening it.

Alex was sitting in a chair facing the dressing room mirror, his head buried in his hands. Although he was the tallest member of the band, right now he seemed small, shrunk into himself. Julian closed the door behind him and went over, pulling another chair up beside Alex and sitting down.

"I'm sorry," Alex said, before Julian had a chance to get any words out. When he lifted his head, Julian could see that his eyes were rimmed red.

"Hey, forget it. It won't even leave a bruise. You hit like a goddamn girl anyway."

Alex's face pulled into a small smile.

"I'm still sorry."

"Yeah, well I'm sorry too." Julian leaned forward, resting his arm on the counter. "I shouldn't have gotten carried away. It's just, you know, this girl..."

"You really like her." Alex smiled. "I can tell. We can all tell. It's pretty goddamn adorable, if we're being perfectly honest with each other."

"Are we being honest with each other?"

Alex looked up at Julian, guilt written all over his face.

"I'm sorry. I should have told you. I thought you would have figured it out by now, anyway."

"I had my suspicions."

"Did anybody else in the band know?"

"What, that you're secretly gay?" Julian shrugged. "I don't know. Daniel maybe. Who knows what that guy thinks about apart from how horrible it sounds if the string on his bass is a nanometer too tight."

Alex let a half-smile slip out from his tearful face.

"And Asher? Asher believes anything you tell him. He's like a little kid. If we told him you were secretly Santa Claus, I think he would probably believe it."

"Pat's going nuts over this." Alex ran a hand through his hair. "I don't know what he's going to do besides kick me out of the band."

"He's not going to kick you out of the band. I won't let him. We won't let him. You think we can do this without you?"

Alex stood up and began to pace the small room.

"I just can't believe I f**ked up so bad. I ruined it, I ruined everything. We've spent so much time building our rep, and for what?" Alex's eyes were filling up quickly with angry tears. "So I can throw it all away for one night with some hot guy."

"Was he hot?"

"Super hot." Alex stopped pacing and looked straight at Julian. "You have no idea."

Julian grinned.

"So it was worth it."

"Not if it costs us everything." Alex's face crumpled and he leaned against the wall.

Julian shook his head.

"We still have Europe, we have the new album for the end of the year..."

"I'm not sure I should still be here."

Julian stood up and went over to Alex.

"Hey. Hey. Listen to me. The whole band started with you. Your name, your ideas, your songs."

"And it'll end with that photo." Alex nodded to the television, where they were showing the candid snapshot for the umpteenth time. Julian reached over and switched the TV off.

"Not unless you let it. Fuck Pat, who cares what he thinks. The fans love you. We just have to re-brand a bit."

Alex bit his lip, but Julian could tell the wheels in his head were starting to move again. Good. Alex was always at his best when he was solving a problem.

"Okay," he said. "Okay. I'll think about it."

"That's the spirit." Julian cuffed Alex on the shoulder. "Now get working on some new marketing ideas for us. I'm down for anything as long as it doesn't involve me wearing rainbow colored spandex."

Alex pouted.

"So my new YMCA cover band approach won't cut it?" They both laughed, and a little bit of tension seeped out of the room. Julian could see Alex standing up straighter, pulling himself together.

"Thanks man," Alex said. "I don't know how you can stand to come cheer me up after I've punched you in the face, but you're a good guy."

Julian shifted his weight, uncomfortable at the compliment. Asher was a good guy. Daniel was a good guy. Julian - he had issues, not the least of which was his struggle with the bottle. There was no way he could be the good guy.

"Hey, you pull me up when I'm down, I pull you up when you're down. Deal?"

Julian stuck his hand out and Alex took it, shaking it firmly.

"Deal."

"Okay, rock star, let's get some sleep before our last show tomorrow."

"Not our last show," Alex pointed out. "We still have Europe."

"Right," Julian said. "So you haven't given up already."

Alex grinned, realizing his slip.

"Okay, so I really want to go on tour in Paris."

"Uh huh," Julian said. "What you really want is a menage a trois with two cute French guys."

"Ha, I wish! What about you? Are you taking Shannon if we still do the Europe tour?"

Julian frowned. He had been putting off talking with Shannon about it, since he wasn't sure how she would react. And now with all news fiasco about Alex, he didn't know if the tour was even happening.

"We'll see," he said. "She's still finishing up her senior year at college."

"I like her," Alex said. "She seems like a catch."

"Hands off!" Julian said, waving one finger admonishingly at Alex.

"Hey! Didn't you hear the rumors? I'm gay!" He gave Julian a wry smirk.

"Okay, Mr. sexy g*y rock star, go get some sleep."

"Okay, Mr. sexy straight rock star."

Julian punched Alex in the shoulder fondly as a goodbye. Leaving the dressing room, he avoided Pat's gaze. It didn't matter what the damn manager said. Alex was the heart of the band, and Julian wasn't about to throw him to the wolves just because of his sexuality. There had to be something they could do to fix this. Julian knew they would do just fine as long as they stuck together.

But they had to stick together.

***

Julian walked to the tour bus quickly, his arms prickling with goosebumps. After sunset, the temperature had dropped fast. San Diego was part desert, after all. The fog coming off of the ocean rolled slowly through the streets and gave the streetlights strange halos. The tour bus too, parked alone in the back parking lot of the building, threw shadows from the curtained light coming from inside.

Julian was almost to the front of the bus when he heard noises coming from inside. Talking. Strange. He had thought Shannon would be alone. He peered into the open door, not wanting to bother her in case she was on the phone with her mom. Maybe she was talking to that Jason friend of hers to see what was up.

As he looked into the bus, Julian's heart dropped into his stomach. Shannon had her arms around Asher and was hugging him tightly, her eyes closed. He was hugging her back.

No. Not Asher. Julian froze, unsure of what he should do. He wanted to scream, to run in and hit Asher across the face, but every muscle in his body had turned to lead and his breath was shallow. As Shannon opened her eyes, Julian shifted back so that they couldn't see him.

"Will you come with me tomorrow?" Asher said. Julian craned his neck to see the two of them better.

"I can't," Shannon said. "I have to go somewhere with Julian."

"That sucks," Asher said. Shannon reached out and put her hand on his shoulder, and Julian inhaled through his teeth, seething. He had never thought that Shannon would betray him like this. And Asher? Asher, the good guy? Asher, who didn't have a single negative thing to say about anyone, ever? How could he do this to his bandmate?

"I wish I could be there with you," she said.

"Me too," Asher said. "But I understand. Thanks. And thanks for tonight."

Shannon leaned in for another embrace, and Julian forced himself to keep his eyes open, watching as her hands moved slowly along Asher's back, caressing his shoulders. Those hands that had held him just the day before, those hands that had run through his own hair, stroking his skin...

"You're a great guy," Shannon said.

"And you're a beautiful girl." Asher cupped one hand to Shannon's cheek, and Shannon giggled. It was that sound, the peals of her sweet laughter, that broke Julian's heart. He tore himself away from the bus door and bent over, his head between his legs. He stumbled to the front of the bus, gagging on the roiling pain in his stomach. His mind was blank with anger and betrayal.

Shannon. Asher. How could I have been so blind? They had been spending more and more time together, talking on the bus and going for walks. Stretching their legs, they had said. More like spreading your legs. Julian heaved again, a dry retching that left him shaking and frail on his feet. He had never felt like this before. A black hatred surged through his body, and his fists balled up against his thighs. Asher had tried to convince him in LA to go after Shannon, to bring her on tour. Now he knew why.

"Julian?" Asher's voice cut through the air, and Julian spun around to see him stepping down out of the bus doorway. He suppressed an urge to punch him in the face. Later. He had to be sure. Asher came around to the front of the bus.

"How's Alex doing?"

"He's fine." And how's Shannon doing? Julian wanted to ask. How was she doing when you held her in your arms?

"Good. I'm going to go for that walk."

"Fine."

"Hope your cheek feels okay. It looks nasty."

Julian just turned away. If he listened to one more word coming out of Asher's lying mouth, he would explode. He pulled himself up the bus steps and into the back. Shannon's headphones covered her ears, and he walked past her to the back.

"Hey there, rock star," Shannon said, pulling her headphones off. "Didn't expect you back so soon."

I bet you didn't.

Julian opened his backpack and pulled out the flask buried underneath his notebooks and other junk. He hadn't thought he would need a drink for the rest of the tour. How wrong he had been. His fingers shook as he spun the metal top open and raised the flask to his lips.

The amber liquid stung his throat going down, but even as he swallowed the warmth of the alcohol began to radiate through his body.

"Is Alex okay?"

"He's fine." He's fine. You're fine. Asher is more than fine. Everybody in fact, is fine, except for me. Julian tilted his head back and swallowed another gulp of the bourbon, stifling a cough.

"Are you okay?"

Julian stared at the metal rim of the flask. He could smell the bourbon, a honeyed stench that called to him even as his mind dulled with the taste of it.

"I'm fine," he said. He would deal with it later. Once he knew what he needed to say. Right now he just wanted to stop the pain, to make his feelings go away. He knew it would only take a few more swigs from the flask for the world to melt off of his shoulders. Then he would be able to sleep. The dreams would be bad, but they couldn't be worse than reality.

CHAPTER THREE

Shannon knew something was wrong. Julian had taken his flask with him into his bunk, drinking more than she had ever seen him drink before. Was it because he was fighting with Alex? When the guys had come back to the bus, they all seemed to be in a decent enough mood, laughing and joking around, but Julian didn't want to talk to anyone. He shut himself up in his bunk and drank.

Alex waved away her concerns, saying Julian was just bummed. If this was how he acted when he was bummed, Shannon never wanted to see him mad. He had walled himself off completely from her, not saying a word. She decided to let him sleep it off by himself.

When she woke up in the morning, she had a crick in her neck from sleeping on one of the reclining bus seats, and her legs were cramped. Her bra dug into her shoulders from leaving it on overnight. The worst part, though, was the feeling of missing Julian's arms around her. Sleeping alone wasn't bad if you were alone, but if the person you loved slept just a few feet away from you, not wanting to be with you? Unbearable.

Shannon stretched her arms over her head and yawned, pulling herself out of the seat. She grabbed a bottle of water and brushed her teeth in the sink, trying not to wake anyone else up. When she left the bus to get some fresh air, the sunrise struck her with its breathtaking beauty. The chill in the air prickled her skin, but the sun's rays creeping over the ocean hinted at the promise of warmth to come. She shivered and rubbed her arms, gazing at the dim light filtering through the palm trees.

"Beautiful, isn't it?"

Shannon turned to see Julian stepping down from the bus behind her. He rubbed his temples with his hands, the aftermath of the bourbon showing through his grimacing smile.

"It is beautiful."

"Did you want to go see your surprise?" Julian spoke softly, sadly almost, as though he was pushing back some hidden pain. Shannon touched his arm and tried to smile brightly.

"Yes!"

"Are you sure? We don't have to go if you don't want to. If you'd rather do something else."

"No, of course not!" Shannon cocked her head to one side, but she could not read Julian's expression. What was the surprise? And why was he being so coy?

"Okay, then, let's go." He headed off towards the beach.

"We're walking? Should I bring my camera?"

Julian looked back over his shoulder. "No camera. I just want you."

Shannon skipped forward to catch up with him, clasping his hand in hers. She could feel him pull away slightly, reluctant, and then allow her fingers to intertwine with his. She considered asking him what was wrong, but after last night it seemed like he didn't really want to talk. Oh well. At least she could distract him from whatever was weighing on his mind.

They walked along the beach for a half mile. Shannon took off her shoes, letting her feet sink into the cool sand. Letting her hand drop, she walked down to the edge of the ocean, where the low waves washed shockingly cold water over her ankles. The sun soon rose over the horizon, warming her arms, but her feet soon numbed with the cold. She came back to Julian, who was trudging through the dry dune sands. A few intrepid joggers wound their way behind him along the concrete boardwalk.

"Are you excited about tonight?" Shannon said. "Last show of the tour!"

"Hopefully we're just getting started," Julian said. He didn't say anything else, and Shannon didn't press him. There was a pier up ahead, and as they came upon it Julian raised his head and gestured toward the end of the dock.

"This is your surprise."

Shannon opened her mouth to say she didn't understand, but as they walked up the last step of the pier she saw what he was talking about. A row of sailboats was anchored to the end of the pier, rocking gently with the waves. A rush of emotion swept over her and she turned to him, her mouth still agape.

"We're going sailing?"

"You said you wanted to. Well, technically you said a sunset sail, but we're playing shows every night. So I thought-"

Shannon threw herself into Julian's arms with such force that he spun in a circle to keep his balance.

"You're amazing!" She felt a childlike sense of glee. She had never been sailing before. She beamed. Julian smiled back at her, but it was a small smile, and she felt that she had disappointed him in some way.

"Let's go," he said, motioning for her to continue down the dock. The man sitting in the rental cabin got out as soon as he saw Julian and pointed out the last sailboat on the end. It wasn't a particularly big boat, maybe fifteen feet long, but the mast loomed overhead menacingly.

"How do I get in?"

Julian held out his hand to support her. She stepped into the boat carefully, her weight tilting precariously to one side before Julian caught her and eased her down onto the seat.

"Just sit there until we're out on the ocean," he said. His fingers quickly untied the knots on the mast, and he pulled the main sail up. The fabric caught in the light breeze and snapped open, the boat leaning to one side as the wind filled the sail.

"You've done this before, right?" Shannon asked.

"Don't worry," Julian said. "You know how to swim, right?"

Shannon's eyes went wide as Julian put one foot on the pier and pushed off, swinging the boat around and sitting down next to Shannon. He took the steering rod, or whatever it was called, and turned the boat so that the sail stopped flapping, caught by the wind. The boat took off more quickly than Shannon expected, and after just a few seconds they were skimming across the water, the pier disappearing into the distance behind them.

"This is the boom," Julian said, tapping his fingers on the metal part underneath the sail. "Don't stand up while we're turning, or it'll hit you on the head."

Shannon nodded. Julian named all of the other parts of the boat, but her attention was drawn to the wide white sail reflecting the morning sunlight above their heads. Behind them the sailboat left a small white wake in the dark ocean water. The whole scene filled her with delight.

They sailed on for a few minutes in silence, Julian adjusting the angle of the boat whenever the sail started to droop. Shannon leaned back, letting the sun warm her even as the cool air streamed across her skin. With every minute came a new pleasure - the salty smell of the air, the echoes of gulls flying overhead.She dipped one hand into the ocean over the side of the boat, letting the cold water stream through her fingers. The boat was moving slower, the wind easing up as they entered a calm spot in the ocean.

"Eeeeeh!" Shannon squealed. She pulled her hand up from the water. "What was that?!"

Julian looked behind them and chuckled.

"The kelp?"

Shannon turned to see. Sure enough, a giant floating mess of seaweed stretched alongside her side of the boat. The green tendrils drifted slowly in the waves, their broad leaves interspersed with bulbous nodes.

"It looks like an alien," Shannon said. "Or the Loch Ness monster."

"It might be," Julian said. He had moved up to the front of the boat and was letting the main sail down. "Only one way to be sure."

Before Shannon could say anything, Julian had secured down the sail and hopped up to the side. She yelped as he dove gracefully off of the boat into the dark ocean, disappearing with a small splash over the side.

"Julian!"

She stood up and looked down into the water, but she couldn't see anything. Had he swum under the boat? Her eyes darted across the surface of the waves. Where the hell was he? Her heart began to beat faster. It had been too long. A minute, maybe more.

"Julian!"

A splash from behind made her spin around, tilting the boat. She inhaled sharply, grabbing the side for balance. Julian was treading water just behind the boat, a giant leaf of kelp on his head like an ill-fitting hat.

"I am the San Diego monster," he said in a deep voice. "Obey my command."

"Anything you wish, monster," Shannon said, tilting her head. "I will obey."

A funny look came over Julian's face.

"Come in," he said.

"In? It's cold!" Shannon wasn't wearing anything that she could swim in, anyway. At least Julian had his swim trunks on.

"It's not that bad," Julian said. "At least not once you get used to being numb."

"You're really selling this," Shannon said.

"Come on," Julian asked, and in his voice was a neediness that Shannon was unused to. "You said you would obey."

"What should I wear?" Shannon asked. "I didn't bring a bathing suit."

"We're out in the middle of the ocean," Julian said. "You don't need a bathing suit." He swam up to the side of the boat. "Hurry up, my balls are starting to shrivel."

"Heaven forbid," Shannon said, darting a glance around the ocean before starting to strip. He was right. The ocean around them was empty for as far as she could see. The sun's rays warmed every inch of her body as she took off her shirt, then her bra, then everything else. She moved to the back of the boat, letting her legs swing over the side.

"Are you sure?" she said. Her toes were already numb with the coldness of the water. Julian swam up and put his arm around her, splashing cold water onto her skin. She squealed, and he pulled her entirely off of the boat. They splashed backwards into the water together, Shannon gasping for breath in the cold waves, feeling completely vulnerable in her nak*d state. She held onto Julian's hand as she treaded water, her heart pounding as her body adjusted to the cold.

"It's freezing," she gasped.

"Just a little nippy," Julian said. He let go of Shannon's hand and swam backwards, letting himself float on his back. Shannon took a deep breath and followed suit.

Floating on the surface of the ocean, she felt weightless, insignificant. Her br**sts rose above the surface of the water, her n**ples hard with the chill of the morning air. As she lay motionless, letting her body move with the slow waves, she accepted the cold and rose above it. It seemed to her that she was outside of her own body, part of the ocean itself. The sun shone down and warmed her face even as the cold water chilled every other part of her. It was entirely silent out here, silent and peaceful.

Then a tendril of kelp brushed her foot and she kicked out instinctively, breaking the silence with her splashing. She looked around to find Julian, who was already over by the side of the boat. He swung himself over easily and motioned for her to come back. She swam to the boat slowly, savoring the cold on her body. When she got to the side of the boat, Julian reached down and helped her over.

It was a strange feeling to come out of the water, her body weighing her down as she rose from the black waves. Every inch of her was covered in goosebumps, and she shivered uncontrollably.

"Here," Julian said, handing her a towel. She accepted it gratefully, her teeth chattering. As she dried herself, she noticed Julian watching her with hungry eyes as he toweled himself off. She finished patting down her wet hair and handed the towel back to him.

"Can I have my clothes?" she asked. They lay on the seat right next to Julian, but instead of picking them up he brushed them aside and leaned forward. The boat tilted in the water as he came over to her and pressed his lips hard against hers.

"Julian? Julian!" She yelped as he released her, sending the boat rocking. He tore off his shirt and his swim trunks, tossing them aside.

"Julian," she began to protest, but his mouth was on hers again and he was pulling her down to the floor of the boat with him. She had never felt his embrace like this, so needy, so demanding. He did not say a word as he threw her roughly to the bottom of the boat and pressed himself on top of her. She could feel his erection against her stomach growing harder and harder as he kissed her, his mouth stifling her words.

"Ohhh," she moaned as he moved his hands over her body possessively, caressing her arms, her side, her br**sts. Two of his fingers grasped one of her n**ples and twisted until she squealed. Her cold body quickly warmed under his hands, and as he pinched and pulled her nipple she felt the shocks of pleasure and pain running simultaneously through the length of her body and awakening her to full arousal. He did not seem to notice or care as his hands moved over her, squeezing her hard wherever he wanted.

As she felt her desire growing hotter within her, Julian pressed one of his legs between her thighs, forcing them open violently. She opened her mouth but could only draw a single gasp of air as he thrust his swollen c*ck into her with one swift motion.

This was a different side to Julian, one that she had never seen before. Before, his every motion had been about her pleasure, about making her comfortable. Now, though, she could sense that there was something driving him to the savage neediness with which he plunged into her. He acted like an animal, a beast rutting between her legs. She moaned as he thrust upwards into her, spearing her with his huge cock. The waves lapped against the side of the boat and overhead the boom swung from side to side.

"Julian," she cried, and then his hand ran through her hair and gripped it hard, tilting her head back and exposing her neck. She swallowed the scream in her throat as he thrust forward again, again, moving frantically above her to the rhythm of his own desire. Her body arched up to match his, the shocks of his body crashing into hers echoed by the rocking of the boat in the water. She could feel herself responding to the savageness of his want, meeting him in that blind and brutal place where only animal lust resided.

The sky above her eyes was turning a brighter and brighter blue, the sun rising above the horizon. She felt the rolling of the boat under her body as Julian rolled into her. His hand moved from her hair to her neck, and she felt the movement of his fingers on her throat, his palm pushing hard at the hollow at the base of her neck. The feeling of vulnerability took her over, and she released control entirely, letting Julian use her body without thought to what he would do or how. She needed him as much as he needed her, and he could do with her what he willed.

His other hand came down to her hip and grasped her there, pulling her back and forth onto his c*ck as he continued thrusting. The pressure on her neck increased and she let her head tilt back, wisps of clouds making their slow way across the sky above her. Julian rocked forward into her, filling her and stretching her out inside, then rocked back. Forward, then back. She looked back at him. His hair fell over his closed eyes, his mouth set in a hard, determined line. His skin glistened either with sweat or with the water of the ocean, his body slick against hers.

Her orgasm came upon her without warning, as he thrust hard at a different angle deep into her body. Her body felt weightless again as she thrashed under him, clenching tight against his swollen hard cock, letting the passion take her over as she screamed without any thought as to who could hear, her moans coming out of her body without hesitation.

Julian paused as though he was trying to hold back, then withdrew quickly. The shudders of orgasm still rippled through Shannon's body as Julian came onto her stomach, his c*ck twitching against her skin. He collapsed above her, his head sinking onto her shoulder, his body pressing against hers. She could feel his juices between them, the hot stickiness on her skin.

Shannon could tell that he had needed this, and her hand came up to cradle his head. She pressed a kiss onto his forehead.

"You're wonderful," she said.

He didn't reply, but after a moment she felt the wetness of tears on her neck. He was crying. Why was he crying?

Unsure of what to do, Shannon let her fingers run consolingly through his hair, squeezing him tightly against her. Soon he stopped crying, and when he pulled himself upright his eyes were clear again.

"We should get back," he said, pulling his swim trunks back on.. He did not meet her gaze.

"Let me clean up first." Shannon used the towel to wipe herself off, putting her clothes back on as Julian readied the sailboat. They caught a small breeze that picked up quickly as they sailed back to the pier. Julian didn't say another word. Shannon felt a chill run through her body that even the San Diego sunshine could not chase away.

CHAPTER FOUR

Julian stepped off of the pier and tied the boat to the dock. Inside he kicked himself for his rash behavior. He had intended to confront Shannon about what he had seen with Asher, but then she had taken off her clothes and all thoughts had slipped from his mind but one.

She knew. She had to know. He had taken her so roughly, so wildly, like an improvised guitar solo tearing at the strings. She had to hate him for it. But then her hand had caressed his head, and she had been grateful...

Shannon held out her hand, waiting for him to help her out of the boat. What if he turned and left her there? He didn't owe her anything.

"Julian?"

Her voice sounded concerned, and he had to force himself to stay calm, even though inside he was exploding with anger. At her, for the ultimate betrayal of his trust. And at himself, too, for giving in to carnal pleasures. He thought about the present he had bought for her, stowed away in his backpack, his flask now resting atop it. He would give it to her anyway, he thought, to show how little she meant to him. How little she could hurt him with what she had done. Then he would tell her that he knew about Asher. She would cry, beg him for forgiveness, but he would just turn away, tell her to go back to LA. Yes. That's what he would do.

"Julian?"

"Yeah?" He took her hand and supported her as she stepped out of the boat and onto the pier, her hair dripping wet. He longed to run his hands through it, to cradle her in his arms. But she had made her choice, and it wasn't him.

"We've got to get back to the bus," he said.

"I thought the sound checks weren't until later."

"Alex wanted to get set up beforehand."

"Oh. Okay." She cast her eyes over the water, the sun climbing higher in the sky above it. "I know he wants the last show to be perfect. It looks like a perfect day."

Julian swallowed hard. "Sure looks like it."

They walked back in silence.

When they arrived, Alex was already tinkering with the equipment on the outdoor stage. Shannon went back to the tour bus, and Julian finally allowed himself to relax a tiny bit. Asher was gone doing god knows what, skating probably. Julian didn't know if the band could survive another fight, but this was serious.

Shannon came bounding up to the stage, her camera in her hands. Julian tensed up inside.

"Time for some candid shots," she said, pointing the camera at Julian and Alex. Julian turned away.

"Kind of busy now," he said.

"Don't mind me at all," Shannon said. "I won't get in your way. That's the point - pretend I'm not even here."

"Gladly," Julian muttered under his breath. He couldn't tell if Alex heard him; the singer just kept fiddling with the amp setup.

Julian fell into his work, setting the amps up the way he wanted them. Last night had been hectic with the opening act playing before them, and an outdoor stage meant that all of their equipment had to be ready to pack up or cover in case of bad weather. Julian scoffed. In San Diego, bad weather meant a handful of mist, and there wasn't a cloud in the sky. The crew had already installed the overhangs to provide shelter if they needed it, and all that was left to do were the minor details of setting up equipment. Still, it felt good to be working again. At least when he had cables to unroll, he could ignore the relationships that were falling apart all around him.

Surprisingly, Shannon was true to her word. After a minute or two, Julian tuned out the low clicking noise of the shutter and became unaware of her presence. It was only when she tapped him on the shoulder that he looked up and realized that she had still been there shooting photos.

"I'm going to get lunch," she said. "Want anything?"

"Nah, I'm gonna eat later."

"Okay." She knelt to kiss him, and he obeyed unresponsively. She paused as though waiting for him to say something, but he turned his head away and kept untangling the mess of cable that sat atop the amp.

"Can we talk later?" she said.

"Yeah, sure." Okay. She definitely knew. Julian breathed a sigh of relief as Shannon left.

"Whoa, man," Alex said once she was suitably far away in the distance. "What was that all about?"

"What?"

Alex raised his eyebrows.

"You know what. You two. Where's the love? I thought you were taking her out on like a sailing trip or something."

"Yeah, we did that," Julian said, wincing as he remembered the events that had transpired on the sailboat. "I don't know."

"You don't know."

"I really don't want to talk about it," Julian said. Every single memory of Shannon that floated to the top of his mind made him cringe with bitterness.

"Okay," Alex said. Julian relaxed. Alex was a good guy. He would never steal another bandmate's girl. Or any girl, really. Which reminded him of the fiasco last night.

"How's the whole PR thing going?" Julian said. "I haven't turned on the news."

"Ugh!" Alex fell backwards in a dramatic sprawl, his limbs splayed across the stage floor. "I really don't want to talk about it."

Julian laughed. "That bad, huh?"

"Nah," Alex said. "Pat is on it. He's coming up with some marketing plan or something. Rebranding, you know, like you were saying. But I think he wants me to just focus on the music."

"Hard to do when the world is screaming about you," Julian said.

"Right? I know." Alex rolled his shoulders. Julian could tell that there was still some tension in him, but he was doing his best to push past it.

Alex jumped off of the stage into the sand below.

"Okay, play something," he said, backing away from the stage. "I want to hear how it sounds."

Julian smiled and strummed the opening chords to "YMCA". Alex laughed.

"Sounds great!"

Julian kept playing, though, standing up and shaking out his guitar cord, and Alex began to dance along to the song. A couple of joggers on the boardwalk nearby stopped to watch.

"You think Pat will be mad at us if this gets out?" Julian yelled down to Alex. Alex shook his ass at the joggers gleefully.

"Who cares?" he said. "They've already got a picture of me kissing a boy. How much more g*y can I get?"

***

It was already getting dark by the time they had set everything up, and fans lined up by the boardwalk entrance all the way down the beach past Julian's line of sight. The sunny day had been marred by low clouds rolling in overhead, but Pat thought that everything would be fine for the show. Daniel sat back by his amp, tuning his bass for what seemed like the hundredth time.

"Where's Asher?" Alex asked. "We were all supposed to be here by three."

"I just texted him," Daniel said. He looked worried. "No response."

Julian looked around, scanning the back of the stage. There was no sign of Asher or of Shannon. Coincidence? Maybe. But he doubted it. A surge of anger welled up into his throat as he thought about the two of them.

"The doors open in ten minutes," Daniel said.

Julian saw Pat running towards the stage. He walked down the stairs.

"Where's Asher?"

"Yeah, we can't play without a drummer."

"He just called me, said he was running late." Pat told them. "But don't worry, he'll be here. Even if we have to start a bit late."

Julian seethed. First Asher f**ked up his relationship, and now his band.

"The doors open soon," Pat said. "Just be ready to go as soon as possible." He seemed like he had other things on his mind. Probably dealing with the controversy around Alex being gay.

Walking down to the back of the stage, Alex and Daniel began to talk animatedly, but Julian turned away and went to help the road crew set up the lights. He didn't want to hear anything about Asher. Not right now. Possibly never.

The crowd spilled through the doors onto the sand, the overhead spotlights illuminating them as they surged forward to the stage. Julian climbed up one of the back ladders and adjusted an off-kilter red spotlight. From this height he could barely see the ocean, the waves at high tide crashing against the shore. The lights from the stage and the audience lit the entire beach dimly, and the whitewash of the waves roiled. It was a choppy sea, definitely unlike the calm waves that he had seen that morning. The wind picked up and fluttered the overhang on the stage.

Julian climbed down and went to find Pat. He had his phone to his ear, and was nodding heartily as though the other person could see him.

"Can we still play if it rains?" he asked, interrupting.

"Sorry, one second." Pat pressed the phone down to his shoulder. "It's San Diego. It's not going to rain." He went back to his call.

"Yeah, but if it does," Julian insisted. "It looks rough out there." He pointed over towards the ocean.

"Christ, Julian!" Pat put the phone down again. "We'll be fine, okay? Okay?"

"Sure," Julian said, frowning. "Okay."

Pat turned away, and as he left Julian saw Asher come through the back entrance to the back of the stage, as casually as if he didn't have a show to play in five minutes. Shannon came in with him. They were both laughing.

He couldn't help it. One second he was standing calmly with his guitar in one hand, and the next second he was shoving Asher as hard as he could. The drummer stumbled backwards, his hands raised in defense.

"What the FUCK?" Julian yelled. "You f**king a**hole!"

"Easy, easy," Asher said. "Calm down."

"I'm not going to f**king calm down!" The crew gathered to watch, and Julian could hear the crowd at the front of the stage buzzing with noise. A black hatred rose up inside of him, and he strode forward, shoving Asher again hard. This time Asher tripped over a cable and landed hard on the ground.

"Chill, man!"

"What are you doing?" Shannon yelled

"Stand up and fight, you sorry piece of shit!" Julian reached forward and pulled Asher up bodily from the floor, smashing an open palm across his face. With so much adrenaline running through his veins, Julian couldn't even feel the weight. Alex was trying to push through the back of the crew to get to them. Asher's hand came up to his nose. Blood ran down one nostril over his chin.

"Dude, I'm sorry," Asher said. His eyes were wide with fright and... confusion? Julian reached one fist back. God, it would feel good to put Asher's teeth through his head. He wasn't even going to defend himself, the wimp. Julian felt Shannon grab his arm and he spun around, still holding Asher at arm's length.

"Stay out of this, you cheating bitch!"

Shannon's mouth dropped and there was silence in the back of the stage. Julian could hear the crowd talking, unsure of what was going on to delay the concert.

"What are you talking about?" she said.

"You know damn well what I'm talking about." He turned back to Asher, his face bleeding like it would never stop. "Are you gonna stand here and lie to me, too?"

Asher put up his hands in surrender.

"I'm sorry I'm late, man!" he said. He bent his head and wiped his face on his shoulder, sniffing as the blood clogged his nose. Alex and Daniel had pushed through and stood next to Asher. The air was thick with tension.

"Let him go, man!"

"What the hell are you doing, Julian?"

"I'm sorry, Alex," Asher said. Blood continued to flow down onto his shirt, turning it bright red. "I'm sorry, Daniel. And Julian. God, I'm sorry. I know this show is important."

Julian turned his gaze from Asher to Shannon. Tears were running down her cheeks.

"Did you think..." Her voice trailed off softly, and Julian realized he had made a horrible mistake. "You thought I would do that to you. With Asher?"

"With me what?" Asher said. His head swiveled from Julian to Shannon to the rest of the band. "Wait, what?"

Julian let go of Asher's shirt. He saw Pat shoving his way through the crew.

"What on EARTH is going on here?" the manager yelled, gazing around at the band members. Blood dripped down Asher's chin, and he looked at Julian confusedly.

"This isn't about me being late?" he said.

At that moment the sky opened up overhead, and Julian leaned his head back to let the rain fall on his face. Pat yelled; the crew scrambled to cover all of the equipment, and Shannon tucked her shirt over her camera protectively. Daniel ran over to hug his bass to his chest. Everyone shouted orders, rolling plastic tarps over cables and covering the stage amps with black trash bags. Julian closed his eyes and let the rain trickle down his cheeks, down his chin. He could feel the coldness creeping through his body, calming his nerves and washing away the adrenaline.

When he opened his eyes again, Shannon stood in front of him. Asher had walked off, he couldn't see where.

"I'm sorry," he said. "I messed up."

"What was this morning?" Shannon asked, her arms crossed over her camera. She shivered, and Julian went to put his arms around her. She pulled away.

"This morning," she repeated. "When you were so rough. It was because you thought..." Her voice trailed off.

"I'm sorry," Julian said again. "I saw you in the bus with him. Last night."

Shannon shook her head. "He had just broken up with that model girlfriend, and... I don't know, I felt bad for the guy! He's such a good guy!" She threw her hands up in the air. Julian hung his head. He knew what she meant - Asher was a good guy. Better than him, anyway.

"I'm sorry," Julian said. "It still hurt." It hurt even now, to look at her and imagine her in another man's arms.

Shannon stepped closer to him, pushing her camera to the side of her hip in one graceful sweep of her hand. Her hair hung in wavy wet strands, clinging irresistibly to her neck. Her eyelids dropped softly, the lashes a dark, dark red. Lord, she was beautiful.

"I'm so sorry. I didn't know you would see. Even if you hadn't, I'm sorry." Her voice flowed slowly, carefully over the words. He looked into her eyes rimmed red by mascara and tears and saw another feeling looking back.

"You're frightened." He moved his arm slowly, touching her hip and trailing his hand along the curve of her waist. He stopped there, his hold on her tenuous, his guilt overwhelming.

"I'm scared," Shannon said. Her voice whispered through the soft patter of the rain, and Julian leaned forward to hear her as she continued. "This is the first time I've been scared to lose you."

"No," Julian said. "Not that. Never that."

"It's what scares me the most."

"Shannon. Oh, Shannon." Julian clasped his arms around his girl, his girl, pulling her into a warm embrace. Her skin goosepimpled under the chill of the rain and felt tense against his skin but then he pressed his mouth to hers and every discomfort in the world was swept up in the roiling thunder of their kiss.

Cold drizzling rain pattered down, drenching them from the collar down. Bolts of electric heat flashed through Julian's body when he felt Shannon's hands slip around his waist. She was warm under his touch, her skin smooth like silk. Every part of him wanted to envelop her, to be with her. No doubt about it - she was the one for him. And now he felt like an idiot for letting his trust in her slip away from him.

The crowd chanted in the background, and Julian saw Shannon's face brighten as she heard what they yelled.

"A-lex! A-lex! A-lex!"

"Sounds like the troops have rallied," she said, a secret smirk on her face.

"What troops?" he asked. The audience had never chanted like this before. What had she done?

Pat stood on the steps, waving. "Come on!" he yelled. "Time to play! Your audience won't wait forever!"

Julian gave Shannon one more kiss, then made his way over to the stage. Daniel waited on the steps with Pat, and both Alex and Asher came running over.

"Asher, you can't play like that!" Pat was aghast. "Your shirt is covered in blood!"

"That's how they know I'm hardcore," Asher said, grinning. "I'm the only hardcore one out of all you jokers. Drummers are supposed to be hardcore."

"I'm sorry, man," Julian said, hanging his head. "I'm a f**king idiot."

"Yeah, but I already knew that," Asher said.

"You're in a good mood for someone who just got his face shoved in," Alex said, pulling his guitar strap over his head.

"I'd be happy even if a hurricane hits while we're onstage," Asher said. "I talked to Trixie!"

"Trixie?" Julian asked. "Opening act Trixie? From Cheap Trix?"

"Yeah, that's what Shannon was giving me advice about last night," Asher said.

God, of course. Julian felt like an idiot. "I'm sorry about all of this, man," Julian said. "I should have trusted you."

"Guys, come on," Daniel said, motioning towards the stage. His hair dripped, matted to his head.

"Don't worry Daniel," Asher said. "You'll get the girl someday." Daniel rolled his eyes.

"You hear my fans calling?" Alex said as they walked up the steps to a surge of screams and applause. He leaned over to Julian. "This is all your girl."

"What did she do?" Julian asked, but Alex just shook his head and beamed. Then they were out on stage and Alex raised one hand over his head into the rain. The audience went wild. A thousand camera flashes went off, and the sound of the crowd's roar was deafening. Despite the storm and the cold and the delay, the audience thrashed with energy, pulsing toward the stage with eager anticipation.

As the sound ebbed, Alex nodded back at Asher. The drummer raised his sticks above his head - with all the blood running down his chin, he really did look hardcore - and counted out the opening beats.

"One-two-three-four!"

Then the music filled the stage, crashing through the air, and all was right with the world.

CHAPTER FIVE

Shannon stood backstage with the band manager, listening to the show. As the final song wound down, so too did the downpour. Soon the air filled with a light mist that only hinted at the earlier rains. An electric energy ran through the air above the crowd and over the stage.

Julian ran down the stairs and swept Shannon upward with his embrace, hugging her so tightly that her toes barely touched the ground. His strong arms built a home around her body, a sturdy frame that she could trust. That she could depend on."

"Did you hear that?" he said.

"You played perfectly!"

"We played really well! The crowd was great!"

Asher tumbled down the stairs, pumping his fists.

"Best. Show. Ever!"

Even Daniel's eyes crinkled with approval as he suppressed a grin.

Alex came over to Shannon, Pat trailing behind him.

"This show kicked ass," he said to Shannon. "Thanks to you." A slight blush peeked out through Shannon's collar.

"What on earth did you do?" Julian said.

"She and Pat came up with the idea of a photo essay press release," Alex said. "Of the band."

"Focusing on Alex, of course," Shannon said. "And what he means to Wilder Side." She held out her phone for him to look through the photos. One showed Alex by himself, leaning against the dressing room counter and practicing guitar. The mirror behind him showed his well-lit back, which became the focal point of the photograph. Another showed a silhouetted image of the band on stage, Alex raising his arms over the crowd, their arms waving in the air like so many cattails on the dunes. The other members of the band featured prominently in the photos: Asher standing on his skateboard in the tour bus van, using Alex's foot like a doorstop to keep from rolling. Daniel and Julian practicing together with Alex in the middle, listening, an intent expression of thought on his face.

"You got a huge crowd out there today," Pat said. "Wave Records just called and said they want to continue the tour as planned."

"Europe! Fuck yeah!" Asher pumped his drumsticks over his head.

"We're going to tour overseas?" Daniel's eyes glassed over with excitement. "Really? We're really going to tour?"

"Incredible," Julian said, leaning over to crush a sloppy kiss onto Shannon's forehead. "Just incredible."

The band moved off toward their dressing rooms, but Julian stayed back.

"I'm glad you're all getting through this together," Shannon said. "It's wonderful."

The crowd grew louder in the background, and then their voices resolved into another chant, this one different.

"En-core! En-core!"

Shannon looked over to see the band members turning back to the stage. Alex waved to Julian to come over.

Julian clasped Shannon's hands in his, and she looked up at him, his head haloed by the stage's purple lights.

"Come with us!" he said.

"What?" Shannon couldn't have heard right.

"Come to Paris with me!" Julian's face glowed. "I love you!"

Shannon took a breath but did not feel her lungs fill. Everything seemed to slow to a near-stop, and she thought that her heart might never beat again.

"I love you too." The whisper of air over her lips could not express how much he meant to her, how much she wanted to be with him.

Before tearing himself away to the stage, he bent his head down one more time. His lips brushed hers lightly and as he rose again he whispered something in her hear.

Shannon watched him ascend the stage stairs to booming applause. She felt her heart grow warmer, more buoyant, until she floated so far over the world that she could not even feel the chill of the evening. And later that night, the word he whispered to her would echo in her sleep, and she would smile as she dreamed, hearing his voice:

"Mine."

