CHAPTER ONE

Eliot

"If you want a happy ending, that depends, of course, on where you stop your story."

Orson Welles

Walking along the east side of the Danube toward the deli, Eliot paused for a moment to look around and enjoy the city in the sunshine. He'd never really stopped to look on his way from the Academy of Science down to the river, but now he understood the charm of Budapest as Brynn saw it. The trees alongside the steady current of water arched their branches over the benches set into the riverbank, and along both sides of the Danube time-worn stone edifices stretched their spires up into the blue summer sky. The old stone walls that held back the river seemed to have been carved by nature itself, and not stonebuilders at all. The green water glittered like diamonds, and white ferries glided past. One man in a kayak paddled south, his arms scooping the oars gracefully into the water as though he were pulled along not by his muscles but by his will alone.

Turning his back on the Danube, Eliot pulled open the glass door of the deli.

"Jo napot!" Eliot called to the shop keeper.

" Jo napot!" came the high-pitched greeting from over a high shelf of cheeses. Eliot could not see the deli clerk in the back of the store, but he greeted her back. His Hungarian was coming back to him quickly, although he could not shake some of the Americanisms that he had picked up during his ten-year stint in California. He picked up a package of cottage cheese, grimacing. It was good for him, sure. Brynn told him so, but he could not get accustomed to the texture of the cheese. Taking a bite of cottage cheese for him was always disappointing-he wanted it to be sweet, like a dessert.

"Do you have any Csabai szalami?" he called out in Hungarian to the clerk, scanning the shelves for the least offensive brand of cottage cheese. The package was pink, he remembered. "I've been itching for something unhealthy."

"You've got it!" She came around the door laughing, her grayish puffed hair tucked up into a bun. She bent over the deli to pick up the szalami. "How much?"

"20 dkg sliced," Eliot said, still turned away towards the cheese shelf. "Where's the cottage cheese with the pink label on it?"

"Down and to your right," the clerk called out, slicing up the szalami. Eliot picked up the package, examining the label.

"And don't worry," she teased, "I won't tell the wife. The last time someone came in here for szalami-"

Her words cut off as Eliot turned to face her. The clerk stood frozen with one hand outstretched, holding the neatly wrapped szalami. Her eyes were locked onto Eliot's scar.

"That is," she stuttered, "the last time... it was another man who wanted to sneak some szalami home." She finished lamely and turned her eyes down toward the counter. Her fingers jabbed quickly at the buttons on the register.

"Eighteen hundred forints," the woman said. Her voice was flat. She did not look up at Eliot, and she did not reach her hand out for payment. Eliot placed two bills on the counter, and she took them, setting down his change in the same manner. He picked up the silver and gold coin and slipped it into his pocket.

"Thank you," he said.

"Thank you," the woman replied. "Dr. Herceg." Her eyes flickered up at him once, and then she turned away toward the back of the store. As he left the store he could hear her whispering to someone else in the back.

"...can't believe he's back in Hungary..." were all the words he heard before the door closed behind him. A gust of wind blew a newspaper page across the street, and the air felt hot against Eliot's skin. Stifling. Clutching his lunch tightly in one hand, Eliot strode back to the academy. Sweat gathered on the back of his neck at his collar and trickled down his back. He could feel the hot dampness against his scars, and it made them itch.

"Dr. Herceg!"

Eliot spun as he heard the voice, his whole body tense. But no, it was only a student.

"Hello Mark," he said, as the dark-haired young man came down the stairs, nearly tripping over himself as he did.

"I'm done writing up the first set of results," Mark said. "Everything's formatted, all the proofs are done."

"Good," Eliot said, his mind elsewhere. "That was fast. Excellent work."

"Thank you!" Mark said. His face flushed with pleasure behind his glasses at the compliment. He was less than ten years younger than Eliot, but Eliot knew that the student admired him more than he deserved. He used to be a mathematician to idolize, yes, but now-

"I'm going home for the day," Eliot said, deciding as he spoke that it was the right thing to do. "Let's take a break."

"A break?"

"Send me the proofs," Eliot said. "I'll look them over." They weren't done, weren't near half done. The first set of results were only the beginning. There was the general case to prove, and Eliot hadn't yet been able to crack the proof.

"I will, I'll go do that right now," Mark said. "Dr. Herceg?"

Eliot stopped in the middle of the sidewalk.

"Yes?"

"When...when is Brynn coming back to the academy?" Mark had his hands stuffed awkwardly in his pockets, and he looked at Eliot with a mixture of jealousy and concern. "I haven't seen her in a while."

"Soon, I hope," Eliot said. "When she's ready."

"She didn't call me back," Mark said, his mouth twisted anxiously. A surge of pity swept through Eliot.

"She's having a hard time," Eliot said. "But she should be back before the end of the semester."

"Can you, uh, can you tell her I hope she feels better?" Mark said. "And can you give her this?"

He held out an envelope and Eliot took it. It felt heavy in his hand.

"Thanks, Dr. Herceg," Mark said, averting his eyes. "I'll see you on Monday."

"Yes. I'll see you then," Eliot said.

Driving through the winding streets of the mountains toward his estate, Eliot breathed more easily. The air up here smelled fresher, cooler than in the city. He was glad to live away from the bustle of Budapest, tucked into the forest. Above the entry gate he could see the roof line of his house. Brynn called it the castle, and he supposed it was, technically. He parked on the side of the long driveway and picked a sprig of daisies from one of the flower beds before walking up into the house.

Stepping out of his shoes, Eliot looked into the small mirror in the entryway. He frowned at his face. The white scar running down the side of his cheek was more noticeable now that he had been spending more time outside and his skin was tanned.

Everybody knows me. Everybody knows.

Eliot reached out abruptly and took the mirror off of the wall, placing it face down onto the side mantle.

"Brynn?" He called her name but received no answer. He walked to the kitchen and put the food in the fridge, then saw her through the window outside by the pool. Picking up the envelope and flowers, he opened the back door.

She wore a white bikini, something Marta had bought for her. Brynn hated it at first, but Eliot gave her a wrap to put over it, along with so many compliments that she soon abandoned the wrap when she went outside. Today she lay on her stomach, the wrap forgotten. Her body curved invitingly under the sun, her skin slightly tanned and gleaming, her hair wet from the pool. She stayed close to the house most days, and although she said that she loved the pool, Eliot saw her eyes occasionally flicker in fright toward the forest just beyond the estate. She claimed she stayed away from the forest now because of the summer ticks in the brush, but Eliot knew when she looked into the woods that it was something else she was scared of. As though she could see the hunter waiting for her there.

"Flowers for the princess," Eliot said, walking up to Brynn. She jerked her head up, and Eliot saw the same fear that he saw most nights, when she woke up in a cold sweat from the nightmares. Her expression quickly softened as she saw the daisies.

"Oh, thank you, Eliot," she said. She closed the notebook in front of her quickly, but not quickly enough.

"Is that work?" Eliot said.

"Just the last part of the proof," Brynn said. "I'm close to getting it."

"That's what you said last night at two o'clock," Eliot said.

"Yes, well, it's taking a little longer than planned," Brynn said.

"Don't stress over it," Eliot said. "The main work's been done, at least for this paper-"

"But we haven't solved the problem yet!" Brynn sat up, her dark eyebrows knitting together. He could see a flush rising on her cheeks. It was adorable, really, how she got so worked up over the proof. He remembered when he had been so fervent about his mathematical work. Seeing him smile, she shook her head.

"Sorry," she said. "I really need to relax. The past few nights have been rough."

"This isn't relaxing?" Eliot sat down next to her and tilted his head teasingly, trying to lighten the mood. Brynn's laugh came out a bit forced.

"What, sunning myself next to a castle in Hungary while a prince brings me flowers? Hardly!"

"I'm not a prince," Eliot said, lifting one finger in protest.

"Sure thing, prince. Where did this pool come from anyway?" Brynn said. "How did I not notice it when I first came here? It's huge!"

"It was covered up," Eliot said. "And the snow covers it, too."

"You think you know a place, and then the snow melts, and it's completely different." Brynn gazed around the estate. The first time he brought her here, it had been freezing cold.

"It's not that different," Eliot said. He saw her eyes drifting to the forest, to the trail where the hunter had assaulted her, tried to-

He cleared his throat and reached over slightly to touch her knee. He could feel her tense under his touch, and his fingers curled back involuntarily.

"Would you like to come in for some tea?" he said.

"Not right now," Brynn said. "I want to keep working. On the problem and my tan." She turned a smile up toward him, but he could see that all was not right under her shield.

"Of course," he said. He stood up awkwardly. "Oh, and here. Your friend from the academy wanted me to give this to you." He held out the envelope to Brynn, who took it hesitantly.

"Mark?"

"Yes," Eliot said, trying not to let any emotion show on his face as she said the name.

"Thanks," Brynn said. She lay back down on the pool chair, tossing the envelope down on top of her notebook. He could tell she didn't want to make a big deal of it, so he didn't. A strange tension pricked the air between them.

"How are you feeling?" Eliot asked.

"Fine," Brynn said, too politely. "How about you?"

"I'm doing well."

"Well enough to go out to dinner tonight?"

"No." The word came out more sharply than he intended, and he saw its effect on her, her eager face dropping quickly into a defensive mode. He did not mean to hurt her, never did, but going out in public now... it wasn't a good idea. He remembered the woman at the deli, the way her mouth had turned up into a sneer when she saw his scar, when she remembered him. Ten years, and he was still a public disgrace. Not to mention the cameras that followed him everywhere.

"Fine," she said. Her face had snapped back under its shield.

"Brynn, you know-"

"I said it's fine. I'll just go by myself."

"Do what you want," he said. All of a sudden they were arguing, and he didn't even know what had started it. He wanted to hold her in his arms, to explain what happened to him after Clare's death ten years ago, but he didn't know how to start. She had her shields up already and there was no getting around them. She needed space and he had to give it to her. Stay back, Eliot, he thought.

Brynn picked up her books with rapid precision and stood up.

"Where are you-"

"I'm going into town," Brynn said flatly. "To visit my mom." She didn't look at him as she strode by towards the house. "I'll be back tonight."

Eliot stopped himself from saying be careful, but she was already gone. He looked at the closed door and his shoulders sagged.

I should have been kinder. I should be braver. I should let her know-

"No!"

Eliot turned and kicked the pool chair hard enough to send it skidding across the poolside. The terrible scraping noise frightened a flock of birds out of a nearby cypress and they took wing, turning their backs on the estate as they flew into the forest. Eliot clasped his hands to his head in mute frustration. Back in his home country after so long, he felt like a complete outsider, shunned for a past disgrace he hadn't even committed. And now the one woman he cared about was turning away from him too.

Brynn-beautiful, wonderful, talented Brynn. Since the moment he saw her, Eliot had recognized in her face the brilliance and passion that he had fallen so easily in love with. The frailness was there, too. It ran alongside her eyes in sorrowed brows, in the line of her set jaw, in her smile too bright when it blossomed, too quick to fade. He wanted to reach his arms around her and protect her from the elements that sawed at her so roughly, from the misfortunes that come upon everyone and are always unexpected. It wasn't simply that she was passionate about mathematics, no, and it wasn't only her beauty that attracted him to her, although her curves made his breath catch in his throat. It was that kindness in her eyes when she handed him a cup of coffee to warm himself that melted his heart and caused him to know that only she could pierce through the defenses he'd spent the past ten years building around himself.

But their beginning had been built on shaky footing, and he wasn't sure how to reach out to her once they started bickering as they had just now. Another wall had risen between them, something muddy, harder to pin down. He couldn't continue to pretend that everything was alright in Hungary.

He had to tell her his secret.

CHAPTER TWO

Brynn

I passed through the house quickly, stopping only to scratch Lucky behind his gray ears. My heart was beating hard, but as I stroked his silken fur I felt myself relax somewhat. His whiskers twitched and he purred as I pet him, rolling onto his back in feline bliss.

"I'll be back soon, Lucky," I said. He was almost full-grown now, but he still acted like a kitten, and he batted at my fingers when I dangled them over his head. I gave him a quick kiss on the head and he ducked away.

"Goodbye," I said.

"Brynn?" Eliot's voice carried through the house, but I did not want to stay and argue further. Quickly, I slipped out of the front door and closed it behind me, walking up the lane of cypresses to the front gate. I half-expected Eliot to chase after me, but he did not. I had the strange feeling of being watched, though when I turned to look at the house all of the windows were shuttered.

After just a minute or so, the taxi driver pulled up to the gate of the estate and craned his neck outside of the window, obviously impressed with the castle. I got into the back seat.

"Where to?" The man must have expected me to say the Faust Cellar or the five-star Gundel restaurant, or perhaps Vaci utca where all of the finest boutiques lined the street. Sometimes it was fun to pretend to be a rich tourist, even if only to window shop. But I wasn't in the mood to pretend today.

"The Fiumei cemetery," I said, looking away down the mountain.

I didn't know what was wrong with me, or whether it was Eliot's fault. It seemed like every other time we spoke to each other we ended up fighting. He'd been so kind to me after the attack, but every time I suggested going out somewhere he would find a reason to dismiss it. Even dinner!

As I thought about it, my mind flashed back to the last time we'd gone out in public together. That night had ended with Eliot shoving a photographer against the ground, leaving me stranded in the shocked crowd. It had something to do with his wife's death, I knew that, but I wasn't going to push the issue. He had to grieve in his own way, just as I had to grieve in mine. But it had been weeks since that happened, and he still didn't want to go out with me anywhere, no matter how nicely I asked.

I wondered if he was ashamed of me. The crasser city papers had splashed my picture all over the front page and even though I couldn't quite read all of the words, I could make out the gist of it. NEW HERCEG LOVE INTEREST! YOUNG STUDENT IN THROES OF PASSION! CRAZED PROFESSOR ATTACKS PHOTOGRAPHER! Tabloids are just as sleazy in Hungary as they are in America. Eliot was tall, dark, and handsome and I was... I was Brynn. Maybe the initial attraction was wearing off, and he was getting tired of me staying in his castle, spending his money. He never said a word about it, sure, but I could tell something was bothering him.

I clutched the letter from Mark in one hand, the daisies in the other. I thought I knew what Mark's words would say. Ever since I had rejected him, he'd been weird around me, still hoping for me to change my mind and realize I loved him back. I hadn't seen him since after...since the hunter. My skin tightened on the nape of my neck as I thought about the man who attacked me. I hoped that the next time I saw Mark at the Academy he would avoid the topic.

The taxi driver tried to make small talk but I pretended not to understand much Hungarian. Easy for me to do-although Eliot's sister-in-law had taught me a lot of Hungarian, Marta had never been able to fix my American accent. We sat in silence until the taxi pulled up to the cemetery.

"Koszonom," I said in thanks, slipping a couple of bills into the taxi driver's hand. I scooted out and passed through the entryway into the graveyard where my mother was buried. The woman who normally sold roses on the corner was not there today, but I had the daisies Eliot had given me. My mom would like them, I thought. She had always liked daisies.

Clouds moved overhead and covered the sky, blotting out the sun in a white-gray haze. This morning had been so sunny, at least at Eliot's estate. Now everything seemed gloomy and claustrophobic over the cemetery. Down the end of the first pathway, I stopped briefly at the place where Eliot's late wife was buried. Normally I would leave half of my flowers, but it seemed strange to give his daisies to Clare. Wrong, somehow. Instead I paused and bowed my head, not really praying but wanting to do something, anything, for Eliot's sake. The young wife, the tragic car accident. Would I ever be able to live up to his perfect memory of her? Maybe that was why he was pulling away from me...

I shook myself out of my thoughts. Jealousy was a terrible emotion, but jealousy of the dead was even worse. Tucking the flowers under my arm, I kept walking. Back, back, all the way back and to the right. That's where my mother was buried, in a small and unassuming grave in the corner of a Hungarian cemetery. I sat down next to the small white gravestone and set the daisies to rest against the front of the stone. The roses I had left there last week had wilted in the summer heat. The silken petals were edged with brown decay. Death creeping in, just like always. I put the old bouquet up to my nose and inhaled deeply. The scent overwhelmed me. Fresh roses were beautiful, but dying flowers always gave off a richer, headier fragrance. Like they were trying to give all that they had to the world before shriveling up completely.

"Hi mom," I said, tucking my legs under me as I sat down on the grass. The air was still warm even with the clouds covering the sun, and more humid than usual.

"I'm doing okay, mom, but I don't know what to do about Eliot. Maybe it's just that I'm stressed. The paper is set to be published this summer, but we still have to do a ton of revisions. I want to get this proof done before we publish, so it can be included, but it's not happening, no matter how hard I push myself. He doesn't push me, it's not his fault, I'm stressing myself out."

I sighed and leaned back against the gravestone, closing my eyes.

"I don't know, mom. I love him, I do, and I think he loves me. I want to be with him, I really do. Only-every time he touches me now, it's different. I can't believe he really wants me. Something inside of me shuts down and pulls away, and it freaks him out, I can tell. It freaks me out. I want to tell him it's okay, but how do I know it's really okay? How do I know if he wants me? How do I know if I want to be here?"

I waited silently. I wanted my mom to tell me the answer, I wanted some kind of reassurance that I wasn't going crazy. After all the time I had spent falling in love with Eliot, to have our relationship fall apart so quickly terrified me. He had grown so irritable, getting mad over nothing at all. Second thoughts, maybe. Second thoughts about me. Once upon a time, he'd sworn that he loved me...

I touched my bare neck. He'd given me a small necklace, a silver heart with two diamonds inside, and I'd lost it last year. I'd searched the house everywhere but never found it. It was irresponsible of me, and I thought that Eliot would think me immature, but he only laughed when I told him and asked me if I wanted another one. But I was immature. And irresponsible. And now things were falling apart.

"Maybe we went too fast. I thought I wanted him close to me after...after the hunter attacked me. But maybe that wasn't a good idea. I don't know, mom."

I plucked out one of the daisies from her gravestone and twirled it in my hand.

"What do you think, universe? Does he love me? Do I love him? Is this what love is?"

My fingertips trailed over one of the daisy's petals, soft and white. Without letting myself hesitate, I plucked the petal from its center.

"I love him."

Another petal.

"I love him not."

Another petal. This one ripped a third of the way down the middle, leaving a jagged edge of white.

"I love him."

A bird called out from one of the cypress trees edging the cemetery and I stopped, closing my hand over the daisy. How could the random distribution of petals in a flower, whether even or odd, predict love? I crumpled the flower in my palm.

"What am I doing here, mom? Should I stay? Here in Hungary?"

An image of my mother flashed into my mind-a dark, hooded figure, tearing her to shreds. A chill ran through my bones, even in the summer sun. My mother had come to Hungary and never left. I shook the cold thought from my mind.

"I'm sorry, mom. I'm sorry I didn't get to know you better. I wish I knew more. I wish you could be here to tell me what to do."

I tilted my head back and kept talking.

"Eliot told me that I could stay with him as long as I wanted, even next year. I could finish up my math degree at the academy. It would be nice, I guess, to be with him. I'd live in the castle. It's a nice castle. I know, right? A nice castle. And we'd be working on the math problem more."

My eyes burned red as I knew what I had to say next. It had been so many times now that I'd visited my mom that I had stopped crying. I never really did cry much. And yet now, thinking about staying with Eliot, with his strange withdrawals, I was on the verge of outright sobs. I managed to choke out the words quietly, without letting the tears fall.

"But I miss my friends back home. I miss Shannon. I miss everyone in the math department. Even Quentin. And Mark is going home soon..."

I looked down at the envelope. Mark's letter. I hadn't responded to any of his texts. He'd left me voicemails telling me that he loved me, telling me that he understood if I didn't want to talk, telling me that he hoped I was better. I didn't know how to answer him. How do you talk to a friend after you've broken his heart?

I blinked back into focus, took a deep breath, and ripped open the envelope. When I read the letter, all of the air in my lungs seemed to disappear, and the crumpled daisy in my hand fell forgotten to the ground.

Brynn,

I need to talk to you. It's about your mom.

CHAPTER THREE

Eliot

"All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them."

Galileo Galilei

When the doorbell rang, Eliot had no idea who it could be. Hard at work on the general case of the mathematical proof he was working on, he groaned to hear the distraction.

"Who is it?" Eliot asked through the closed door.

"For God's sake Eliot, don't be a ninny. Open up."

There was only one person who would say something like that, and he opened the door to find his sister-in-law grinning brightly at him, her blond hair tied back into a sleek ponytail.

"Marta, it's good to see you. I'm sorry, but I'm working on a problem-"

"Yes, yes," Marta said, pushing her way past him and into the foyer. "You're always working on a problem. I know. I'm interrupting. I wouldn't if this weren't important."

"What is it?"

"Let's walk outside," Marta said. "It's too nice a day to stay inside. Otto says hello, by the way."

"Are you sure? Your shoes..."

"Pfft." Marta flapped her hand at Eliot. "I can walk anywhere in heels. Give me a drink first, though. Lemonade."

"I only have water," Eliot said.

"Water's fine," Marta said. She followed him into the kitchen. "You would starve to death without someone around to feed you, I think."

"It's true. Brynn makes me sandwiches most of the time."

"Where is the girl?"

"She-she's visiting her mother's grave, I believe." Eliot didn't want to mention their fight. Not to Marta.

Marta shook her head.

"Pity the child's nearly an orphan. She told me her father was none too nice. You've not spoken with him?"

"No," Eliot said. He poured water into a glass and added ice to it.

"And the grandmother?"

"No."

"Well, when do you plan to introduce yourself to her family?"

"When the time is right," Eliot said, flustered by the questions. He handed Marta the water glass. "I don't see why it's so important."

"If this is a something serious, don't you think it's important? I'm sure she thinks it's important. Whether or not she tells you."

"Maybe," Eliot said. He opened the door and they walked out back into the garden. Marta was right-she walked as deftly in heels over the grass as she would have on the dance floor. Eliot looked at his brother's wife and felt a pang of jealousy that she should still be alive when his Clare was lost. The sun shone brightly down on Marta's shoulders and she smiled up at the sky. "Is that why you're here? To badger me into talking with Brynn's family now that we're romantically involved?"

"No," Marta said. The smile dropped from her face as quickly as it had come, as though clouds had moved over the sun in the sky. "I wanted to talk to you about your coming back here to Hungary."

Eliot pressed his lips tightly together.

"Yes?" He asked.

"One of Otto's friends works at the national paper. He said that they were going to run an article about you. About your return."

"Yes?" He thought he knew what was coming. They stopped at the edge of the path just before the forest, and Marta looked wistfully into the trees. A bird called out, the chirping ringing through the pine branches in search of a mate.

"I am not sure you understand," Marta said. "What they are going to write..."

"I understand perfectly," Eliot said. His throat tightened as he spoke. "I am not reading the papers."

"That won't stop everybody else from reading them," Marta said. "I wanted to tell you so that you would be ready. What they say-"

"You think I don't know what they say about me already?!" Eliot wiped his hand across his face. The sun now seemed unbearably hot, and he moved into the shade. "What they say about Clare?"

"Everybody loved Clare-"

"And I killed her!" Eliot clasped his hands to his head, turning toward the forest. The bird had stopped its call. The night ran through his mind again, as vividly as always. The car, the ice, the paparazzi behind them.

"It was an accident." Marta's hand came to rest on his shoulder and he felt it from a distance, from the memory he was lost in. "Everybody knows it was an accident."

"I miss her." Eliot's voice broke on the last word.

"That's not fair," Marta said. Her voice was sharp, and Eliot turned, frowning, to look at her.

"Not fair?"

"To Brynn," Marta said, and at the sound of her name Eliot flushed red.

"She's strong," Eliot said. "She understands."

"She says she does because she does not want to hurt you," Marta said. Her blue eyes darkened as a cloud moved over the sun. Eliot was grateful for the temporary cool. "I know what it is like to love a man who loves another woman. Don't do that to her."

"Marta-"

'I owe you a great debt, Eliot. More than I can tell you. But this girl-"

"She's strong," Eliot repeated. He looked through the trees to where the stream ran freely through the woods. That spring, the hunter had attacked her next to the stream. It had been still partially frozen then, and Brynn had fallen in. He remembered how cold her skin felt when he picked her up. He shivered.

"She's young," Marta continued. "She has nothing here to support her."

"I understand that," Eliot said. "I wonder if it would be better to go back to California."

"You would go with her?"

Eliot looked over at Marta. Sorrow crossed her face and then fled, leaving only hardness.

"Why not?"

"You've spent so long away from here, Eliot," Marta said. "And the reason you left before-"

"I left Hungary gladly," Eliot said. He did not want to discuss this. The entire morning had been tainted by remembering why he had fled in the first place.

"Would it not be lonely?" Marta asked.

"What?"

"To leave your country? Again? Even to go with her. After you've just returned..."

"It's not my country anymore," Eliot said. They stood in silence. From the forest came the bird's call, again, then another echoed from a nearby branch.

"I would go with her," Eliot said. His voice was firm, and as he spoke, his heart steeled along with it. "Wherever she wants to live, I will go."

CHAPTER FOUR

Brynn

On the stairs of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, I paused and took a deep breath. I clutched Mark's letter in one hand, my fingers damp on the paper. Pushing open the door, I willed myself not to panic. It was the first time I had been back since the attack.

Fortunately, nothing seemed different. The same clusters of students grouped around tables, arguing over mathematics. The same professors sat at benches with reams of paper spread out in front of them, searching for the answer to unanswerable problems. My shoes clicked over the tile familiarly. I breathed easier now as I climbed the stairs up to the mathematics library on the second floor.

"Hey, good to see you, Brynn!" Another student waved at me, and I waved back, although I couldn't remember his name. It seemed an eternity had passed since the last time I was there, but it had only been a few weeks. Nothing else had changed.

I wondered about Mark. Would he still be infatuated with me? Would he act differently around me? I hated to be treated with kid gloves, as though being assaulted had made me fragile, able to break more easily. If anything, it was the opposite-I felt stronger now, unafraid.

Walking past the first bookshelf, I saw Mark sitting back next to one of the whiteboards, talking animatedly about some problem written up on the board. As I moved closer, I saw who he was talking to. I stopped in my tracks. It was the Academy director's daughter, the one who had kicked Lucky out of the apartments when I lived there. Her perfect long blonde hair flowed over her shoulders, her fitted blouse crisp and expensive over her slim frame. Beautiful, but ugly inside.

I bristled as she moved closer to Mark, and to my surprise he put his hand on hers. They laughed at some joke I couldn't hear, and I felt the blood rise to my face.

The bitch. I hated her for what she had done to my poor kitten, and I didn't understand how Mark could have become close to her. After he had helped me to sneak Lucky back into the apartments, after we had talked about what a horrible person she was!

Then she bent over to Mark, and he lifted his chin up. My jaw dropped as they shared a kiss. The girl walked away, and despite myself I felt a pang of jealousy scrape across my heart. I steeled myself and walked across the room to him.

"Brynn!" Mark stood up in front of me and hugged me tightly. I hesitated, and he pulled away quickly.

"Sorry," he said. His brow furrowed in worry. "I know you-I mean, I don't want to-"

"It's fine," I said. "I'm fine." I didn't want to talk about the hunter who had almost raped me. I wanted to talk about my mom.

"Oh, Mark!" The blonde girl came back over to the table. Her eyes flickered up and down, taking me in briefly. Her face turned blank with suppressed emotion. "Sorry, I left my notebook."

"Here," Mark said, handing it over to her.

"Thanks," she said. She nodded to me coldly. "Good to have you back." Turning on her heel, she left, her body swaying gracefully.

Mark clasped both hands in front of him, and an awkward tension settled between us.

"The director's daughter," I said. "I remember her." I didn't bother to hide the disgust in my voice.

"Her name's Csilla," Mark said. "She's not as bad as you think, Brynn. She's really very nice."

"Just not to cats," I said. She would have thrown Lucky out in the snow. I didn't know why Mark would even talk to her.

"She doesn't like animals," Mark said.

He wasn't about to apologize for her, and I didn't want to talk about it any more. That wasn't what I was here for.

"My mom," I said. "You said you knew something about her."

"That's... that's why I wanted you to come here. It was Csilla's idea, actually." Mark blew the words out, not stopping to rest until he had finished. "Her mother works under the chief of police here, and one time I was over at her place for dinner-"

"You have dinner with her family?" I arched my eyebrow.

"I...we've gotten very close," Mark said. He quirked the side of his mouth in a kind of smile. "I suppose we're dating."

"I suppose you are," I said. "You don't kiss random people goodbye on the mouth, unless that's a new Hungarian tradition."

"No," Mark said, his white cheeks flushing red and blotchy.

"Sorry," I said. "Too much snark. Uncalled for."

"You can be as snarky as you like, Brynn," Mark said. His voice was quiet. I felt like I had broken something in our friendship, or maybe we had just lost it naturally when I had stayed away. I didn't want that, though. I wanted everything to be the same as it was before the assault, and before Mark tried to kiss me. I wanted to be friends and joke around.

"I get a free pass on snark? Don't tempt me," I said.

"I will take every piece of sarcasm you throw at me," Mark said, raising his hand solemnly. "I swear I don't mind."

"So, my mom?" I asked. "What about her?"

"I mentioned you, I forget how it came up," Mark said. "But when I said your mother was buried in the Fiumei cemetery, Mrs. Deveny-that's Csilla's mom-she asked what your name was again. She remembered it."

"Remembered it? From where? Eliot said that the newspapers didn't mention it at all. He looked back through a bunch of records to see if he could find anything, but nothing came up."

"Eliot?"

"Dr. Herceg." Now it was my turn to blush.

"It was a big deal, Brynn. An American tourist getting killed. They kept it out of the papers, claiming that it was part of an ongoing case, but Mrs. Deveny said that there are still tons of files on record. Just on private record. She remembered the case, even."

"Could she get me access to the files?" My heart thudded.

"I'm not sure. I didn't ask," Mark said.

"Why not?" I asked.

"I wasn't sure you would want to know," Mark said. "If it was... she said it was a violent murder."

"I want to know," I said breathlessly. "I want to know the truth."

"Then I'll ask for you," Mark said. "I'll go to her place tonight to ask."

"I can do it," I said. "Can I call her? Do you have her number?"

"I have Csilla's number," Mark said, biting his lip. "Not her mom's."

"Give me the address, then," I said.

"Brynn..." Mark trailed off.

"What?" I asked.

"Nothing," he said. He pulled out his phone to look up the address and wrote it down for me.

"Maybe I'll see you there tonight," I said. It was an attempt at humor, but it failed miserably. Mark looked awkward, more awkward than normal, and didn't know what to say.

"What are you working on?" I asked, turning away and looking at the math that Mark had been discussing with Csilla. It was the same proof Eliot had been struggling with, a subsidiary case. From the looks of it, Mark had tried to break down the proof into a smaller problem, working on the base cases before doing the induction steps. The base cases were hard enough, but I smiled to see that he had gotten stuck on the same step I had. That method would not work, no matter what. It was a good try, but it wasn't going to lead anywhere.

"The first three parts of this proof we have," Mark said. He darted a glance over at me. "You understand how we substituted here?"

"Yep," I said. I didn't care much for the tone of condescension in his voice. I also didn't like his use of the word we. "It all looks fine. I like the simplification you did here. Makes it easier to see what's going on."

"Yeah, but we can't figure the next part out," he said.

"We? You mean you and Csilla."

Mark looked up in surprise. "Brynn-"

"It's nothing," I said. "You just seem like quite an inseparable unit after only a few weeks."

"I thought you didn't care about me like that," Mark said. "You said-"

"I don't!" My voice was too loud, high-pitched. The students at the next table turned to look at us and I lowered my words to a whisper. "I don't. I just don't like her."

"You've made that clear," Mark said, his dark eyes sparking with intense emotion. "But I do like her. I'm not going out with her to spite you, Brynn."

"I never said you were," I said. The thought hadn't even crossed my mind until then.

"Brynn, I want to be your friend," he said.

"Dating the one person in Budapest who has it out for me isn't exactly the friendliest thing you could do," I said. I could see my words stung him.

"I'm sorry," he said. "Can we just joke around, do math together? Like we used to?"

"Sure," I said, crossing my arms and turning back to the board. The numbers swam in front of my eyes.

"Have you looked at what we-what I'm trying to do here?" he asked.

"Yeah," I said.

"And?" he asked.

"And what are you getting to with all this?" My hand waved at the lines on the whiteboard.

"Not much. The proof for this last case seems impossible," Mark said.

"That's because it is," I said coldly.

"I don't see-"

I reached out for the whiteboard marker and wrote rapidly. The last simplification led directly to a dead end, the same dead end that we had eliminated weeks before. Mark watched, his eyes widening in comprehension as the formulas changed into their familiar structure. The wrong structure. I finished the line, then drew a sharp slash through the entire proof.

"Impossible," I said. "Completely impossible. The proof is wrong." I capped the marker and tossed it down on the table.

"Brynn-"

"Call me if you figure out anything new," I said, a hiss underlying the syllables. "You and Csilla."

"Brynn, I'm sorry-"

"I have to go," I said, picking up the slip of paper with the address on it. I left Mark staring at the board filled with numbers. No solution. At least, no solution I could see.

CHAPTER FIVE

Eliot

"It is not enough to have a good mind. The main thing is to use it well."

Rene Descartes

Music played as Eliot paced back and forth in front of the shelves of books. Behind him, on his desk, the mathematical work he had started lay abandoned, dimly lit by the lamp which cast his moving shadow onto the wall. His mind was filled with thoughts of Brynn.

Brynn. He had put on his favorite recording of Satie, telling himself that it would inspire him to work faster on the math problem. But after the first chords rung out, he was transported back to the first time he had played the piano for Brynn. His mind could not relieve itself of worry. She was gone-where? To the Fiumei cemetery? She would not still be there after so many hours. To the Academy, to study? Perhaps. Perhaps she was having fun, shopping with a friend, or eating out somewhere in a little cafe. He should have taken her out to dinner. She needed him, and he had been so selfish. It didn't matter that people would stare at him. Let them stare. They could eat out somewhere out of the way, maybe. Now perhaps she was out eating dinner with that other student, Mark-

"Stop it, Eliot," he said out loud. "You're being ridiculous." Then came the thought that talking to himself in the middle of his study was also quite ridiculous. He sighed heavily and sat down on one end of the leather couch. On the other end, the gray kitten flicked his tail at being interrupted in the middle of a nap. The soft melody of Satie's Gymnopedie floated through the air.

Relax. Marta had told him before she left that he gave himself too many burdens, that he should relax. Eliot shifted uncomfortably on the leather cushions, trying to get comfortable. He closed his eyes and breathed deeply, then opened them again.

Relax. Turning sideways, he pulled his feet up onto the couch, trying not to step on any part of the kitten. His long frame was almost too big to lay out completely, but he stretched his feet over both kitten and armrest. Lucky stood up in a kittenish stretch, irked to be displaced, and hopped over onto Eliot's stomach.

"Hello," Eliot said. The kitten cocked its head, looking straight into Eliot's face. His tail flicked back and forth.

"I'm not feeding you again," Eliot said. Lucky curled up onto his chest and went immediately to sleep, his warm body vibrating against Eliot's with a low purr.

Eliot petted Lucky with one finger, stroking the little head with his knuckle.

"I wish I could relax so easily," Eliot said. He yawned. Perhaps he could read a bit before taking a nap.

His eyes scanned the bookshelves and caught on an old book, one of the books he had read as a child. The Little Prince. Trying hard not to disturb the kitten sleeping on his chest, he reached over the back of the couch and hooked his finger on the spine, pulling it out. He flipped to a random page and started to read. His eyelids drooped and he fell into darkness as he read about wandering through the desert, and finding a garden full of roses...

"Eliot?"

The voice carried through his sleeping brain and tickled him into consciousness. He picked his head up and looked over. Brynn was standing in the doorway. Her sweater had slipped down over one shoulder and a curl of her dark hair had slipped out of its bun, snaking its way down her neck and to her collarbone.

"Eliot?" Her voice was soft, needy. As he brought himself into full awareness the book he had been reading slipped from his hand and fell to the floor with a clatter. The kitten still laying on his chest perked up its ears.

"Brynn," he said. He coughed, pulling himself up on the couch. Lucky hopped off and looked back at him peevishly. He brushed the gray hair from his shirt as he stood up from the couch. Brynn's eyes were sad, and he thought that she looked at him with disappointment.

"Brynn," he said, not waiting for her to respond, "I'm sorry about this afternoon. I want to apologize for being so irritable lately. It's nothing to do with you. It's just-"

Brynn stepped forward and hugged him hard. He stopped talking, his hands clasping her head close against her chest. He kissed the top of her hair. Her hands were tight around him, her fingers pressing into his back greedily. The hug was an apology and a plea, all in one. Under her sweater he could feel her heartbeat pounding against the skin.

"Hold me," she said, her voice cracking. "Please."

"Of course," Eliot said. He rocked softly from side to side, pulling her against him in a complete embrace. The piano record finished, then started again automatically. The notes of the Gymnopedie trickled out of the speaker, too loud for their silence.

"Eliot..." Brynn began to say, then stopped.

"What is it?" he murmured, his lips against her forehead. "Brynn, darling. What is it?"

"It's my mom," she said.

"You went to visit her?"

"Yes, but not that. Mark-Mark said he might have more information about her death." She looked up at him, her eyes troubled.

"Do you want to talk about it?" he asked. Brynn had never been open about her family. Eliot knew that her father had left after her mother died, leaving her to stay with only her grandmother. He got the impression that she never wanted to talk about her father's side of the family. And her mother-well, her mother had died.

"What do you know about her?" Brynn asked. "I know you looked her up." Eliot frowned, and she went on. "I saw the name on your computer one night. You were looking through newspaper records."

"I was curious," he admitted. "Since she died in Hungary. You never told me how."

"What did you find?" Brynn asked.

"Nothing," Eliot said. "I looked through all the public records. There was no mention of her name." He looked up to Brynn. "I'm not saying I don't believe you. I thought perhaps she went by another name here."

"No, there's nothing in the public records," Brynn said.

"Then how would you find anything?" Eliot frowned.

"Mark says that there might be police files."

"Police files?"

Eliot held her hands tightly as she recounted her conversation with Mark. The poor girl. To lose her mother to a violent death? She did not deserve this.

"Do you really want to know what happened?" Eliot said.

"Yes," Brynn said. Her mouth was set in fierce determination, and Eliot could not help but lean forward to kiss her. Her strength was a marvel.

"Would you like me to come with you?" Eliot asked. "To find the police files?" Immediately as he spoke he regretted the offer. He had been forced to deal with the police all too often in the time before he left Hungary.

"Would you?" Brynn said. Her upturned face begged him for help.

"Perhaps... perhaps it would be better if Marta took you," Eliot said, stroking her hand with his fingers. "She has more friends in the police department. With Otto's political connections, she might be able to help you more."

"Alright," Brynn said. Eliot could tell that she was disappointed. He wanted to hug her tightly, to confess all of his hidden anxieties, but he could not. She had enough to deal with, plenty of stress from other sources, that he could not justify easing his own mental burdens onto her. And, in a deeper and more secret part of his heart, he worried that she might not believe his side of the story, or at least she would have doubts.

In Hungary he was a prince, yes, but he was also a criminal. What would she think of him?

CHAPTER SIX

Brynn

Snow covered the trees and made them silent, the sun filtering through the branches thinly to the frosted ground. The only sound in my dream was the call of a bird echoing through the forest. It faded away. I heard a branch break and turned around, but there was nothing there.

I looked down and saw my shadow, the tracks from where my shoes had marked the ground coming through the woods. Footsteps in the snow do not leave a permanent trail, I thought to myself, no more than breadcrumbs. Eliot would not be able to follow me.

A chill ran through my arms and I rubbed my finger against my palms to warm them. I looked down again and there was another shadow, bigger than mine, from something just behind me. I tried to spin around but I was frozen in place. In dreams, that is always the most frightening part-not being able to control your own body. Not being able to move a muscle, your limbs sluggish and limp, your whole being aching to move but not being able to.

As I watched the shadow grow larger, the entire forest seemed to darken. The footsteps I had left began to turn darker, and I realized that they were full of blood, blood that seeped up from the ground and overflowed, turning into a stream that ran scarlet over my feet. I felt the blood soaking into my shoes, and then I heard my mother scream.

"Help!"

It was her voice, it was the thing I remembered most clearly. Her voice that always used to tell me stories and sing me to sleep.

"Help!"

From behind me, a hand grabbed my arm, and I shrieked. My arms lashed out at the dark figure above me.

"Brynn," Eliot said. His shirt was undone, his hair tousled. His hand wrapped around my wrist, holding it gently but firmly.

"Ahhh!" I cried.

"You had a nightmare. It's okay," he said.

"Eliot? Eliot?" My thoughts were a jumble. At first my instinct was to flee away, into the woods, but then I blinked and I was back in the dim light of my room, the canopied bed over me.

"I heard you cry out," he said. "I was working in the study. Are you alright?"

I sobbed as he pulled me against his chest to soothe me. My nightshirt was soaked in sweat, and even in the summer heat I felt the chill of the snow in my dream.

"It was her," I said. "He got my mom. He got her again. And I couldn't see anything, not even who it was."

"Shhh," Eliot said, pressing kisses on top of my head. His lips were as light as sparrows. "It's okay now. I'm here. I'm with you."

"I don't want to dream again," I said. He rocked me slightly as I murmured the words against his bare chest. "I don't ever want to have those dreams. I want it all to go away."

"It will," Eliot said consolingly. "It just takes time. It will always take time for things to go back to normal."

"Let me sleep with you," I blurted out. "I mean... in your bed."

Eliot seemed taken aback.

"Of-of course," he said. "I just thought you needed your space."

"I'm scared," I said. I felt foolish, stupid. Like a small child, needing to be comforted. I hated this feeling. I wanted to be strong, like the goddesses of legend. I wanted to be independent. I didn't want to have to lean on anyone for comfort. But here I was, leaning against Eliot yet again. He was always my savior.

"Anything you want," Eliot said. He brought my hands up to his lips, kissed my fingers. "You're my princess, aren't you?"

"Yes," I whispered. "And you're my prince."

"Now don't worry about those nightmares," Eliot said. His large thumb brushed away the tears on my cheek, leaving only a damp streak. "They'll go away soon enough. But perhaps you shouldn't try to do impossible proofs before bedtime."

I forced out a small giggle.

"I doubt that's what my nightmares are about," I said. "Unless it's the ghost of Gauss haunting me."

"It could very well be," Eliot said gravely, a twinkle in his eye. "The spirit of incomplete sets."

"Of undecidable theorems," I said.

"Of proofs by contradiction," Eliot said. "A mischievous demon indeed."

I yawned. The nightmare had already faded into the corners of my mind, although the dark sense of foreboding lingered.

"But now," he said, throwing back the covers, "it's time to bring the princess back to my bed."

I squealed as he lifted me up, my feet kicking helplessly in the air. His arms held me tightly against his broad chest, and I flung my arms around his shoulders.

"Come," he said. "Come with me, princess, and I will save you from the evil monsters that lurk in the cracks of number theory."

"It doesn't look like I have any choice in the matter," I said happily, as he marched down the hallway with me in his arms.

"You always have a choice, Brynn," Eliot said. His voice was quieter, and I hugged him around the neck, placing a small kiss on his collarbone.

"Then I choose to be with my prince," I said.

He carried me through the doorway and lay me down on top of his bed. It was huge, the leather headboard embroidered with gold thread, and downy white pillows lay perfectly fluffed at the top of the bed.

"I don't sleep here often," Eliot said in response to my quizzical look.

"You must be a night demon," I teased. "You walk the night, putting terrible theorems into people's dreams."

"The horror," Eliot said, clasping one hand to his heart. "To place untrue theorems in the minds of poor mathematicians."

"Worse than that," I said. "The theorems are true, but completely unprovable."

Eliot's eyes crinkled in laughter.

"What's this?" I said, picking up the book from the end table.

"Oh, that," Eliot said. "The Little Prince. Have you ever read it?"

"No," I said. "I think I've heard of it, though."

"Everybody here reads this book when they are a child," Eliot said. He picked up the old book and turned it over in his hands, then handed it to me. The cover showed a boy standing on an asteroid or moon, a beautiful colored illustration.

"What's it about?" I asked.

"It's about a prince-"

"Like you," I said. "Is there a princess?"

"No. This prince is just a little boy, and he lives on a tiny planet that you can walk around in no time at all. It's as big as a house, maybe, no bigger."

"That's how it is on the cover," I said. I looked again at the illustration. "The gravity wouldn't be enough to keep him on there."

"Hush. It's a fairy tale."

"Oh. Well, if it's a fairy tale," I said, smiling. I tucked my feet under the blanket and lay back against the pillows. "So he's the only one on the planet?"

"He has a rose," Eliot said. "He loves her and waters her and keeps her under a glass globe at night to protect her."

"What happens to him? The little prince?" I asked.

"He leaves one day," Eliot said.

"He leaves the rose?"

"Yes. She tells him that she doesn't need the glass globe anymore and he leaves her. He leaves his home altogether, and visits a bunch of other planets, and eventually he comes to Earth. You'll have to read it, of course. I'm not doing it justice."

"It sounds like a nice book. Does he stay on Earth or go back to his rose?"

Eliot got a sad look in his eye, and he took the book out of my hands.

"I can't tell you," he said. "That would spoil the ending."

"Are you coming to bed?" I asked. I couldn't keep the note of pleading out of my voice, and I hated myself for being so needy.

"Yes," Eliot said. "Of course."

I watched him as he peeled off his shirt. The white scars crisscrossing his chest seemed to glow in the dim light. He saw me watching him and turned the light off. I heard him finish undressing while my eyes grew accustomed to the darkness. By the time he came into bed I could make out his profile, nothing else. His dark hair tumbled over his face.

"You need a haircut," I said timidly. I was scared to touch him, now that he was nearly nak*d and so close to me. Foolish-we had slept together, after all, but only the one time. Since then he had given me space. More space than I needed, really. As much as I felt myself drawn toward him, the more I felt myself pull back. I could not trust anyone, not even him, or something bad would happen. A black cloud seemed to be hovering just above me, ready to strike me down at any sign of happiness.

"I'll get it cut tomorrow," Eliot said. He paused for a second, then shifted in bed.

"Goodnight," I said. I turned away to face the window. The moon outside was thin, waning. This bed felt different than my bed in the other room.

"Goodnight, princess," Eliot said. One of his arms curled around me and pulled me backwards into his embrace. He spooned me, kissed my shoulder, and lay his head down close to mine on the pillow. His breath was warm and tickled my back. His chest rose and fell, pressing against my back. The skin was seamed with scars. I nestled into him and kissed the arm closest to me. His hand reached out and stroked my hair back behind my ear.

I loved it when Eliot told me stories, when he shared books with me that he loved. Although it made me feel like a little girl, I longed to have him cradle me in his arms and tell me all of the stories of his childhood.

One time I was reading a newspaper and landed on the advice column. A guilty pleasure of mine, the advice column always made me think that there was no question in this world that did not have an answer. A man had written in about a woman he'd just started dating.

"She's a wonderful person," he wrote, "but she keeps giving me books to read. I have a pile of books now on my night stand, and a to-read list that's a mile long. Have you ever heard of a relationship that came with a reading list attached?"

The advice columnist wrote back: "I have never heard of a relationship that didn't."

Sharing books is one of the most personal, most frightening things you can do, after all. When you give somebody else a story that you have loved, you are risking so much. Will they like the story as much as you? Will they take the same meaning from it? And yet, the reward if they understand the book you love, if they love it as much as you!

There are studies that say that reading fiction makes you a better person. More empathetic. When you read a novel, you become the main character, if only for a while. Living in someone else's shoes makes people more generous with each other. And when you read the same book as another person, you are becoming the same character. When your lover reads a book you have read, you are sharing another experience, in a way, one that you might never get to share in real life.

I bugged Eliot to tell me stories because I wanted to understand him. But there was one story he didn't tell me until much later, and now I know why. It would have given up too much of his heart to me, and he was not ready to do that. Not yet.

CHAPTER SEVEN

Eliot

Eliot woke up earlier than the sun, but when he rolled over he found the other side of his bed empty.

"Brynn?" He wiped at his eyes and looked around. The thin light of dawn filtered through the curtains of his windows, illuminating the dust that hung in the quiet air of morning.

He quickly pulled on a robe and went across the hallway, but she was not in her bedroom either. He wasn't about to scream her name from the rooftops, but a small ringing of panic sent its way through his body. His feet padded down the stairs one at a time, but with some measure of quickness that was not normal for him so early in the morning.

The kitchen light was on, and when he passed through the entryway Lucky jumped down from the counter where he had been licking at the saucer of cream to rub against his ankles. Eliot's mind was still fuzzy with sleep, but he saw the kettle on the stove still steaming and recognized that Brynn must be close.

Out in the backyard, the air was still cool from the night. Brynn sat alone at the patio table, sipping a cup of tea and reading a book. She looked up when he opened the door and smiled sweetly.

"Good morning," she said.

"Good morning," Eliot said, walking over and leaning down to kiss her lightly on the lips. "It's early, isn't it?"

"A little early," Brynn admitted. "I slept well, though."

"I'm glad," Eliot said, pressing his hand on top of hers as he sat down next to her. They sat there for a minute in silence, enjoying the morning. The forest was bright and alive with birdcall, and two sparrows bathed themselves on the step of the pool, splashing water with ruffled feathers and tumbling over each other in play. The rose garden was in full bloom, and stripes of red and yellow and white lined the edges of the garden. From so far away the colors blended together in an impressionist muddle.

"What's the book?" he asked, leaning over.

"It's a book of legends," Brynn said. "My mom used to tell me the stories when I was a little girl, just before bedtime. I thought about it when you were talking about the other book. The Little Prince." Brynn held out the book of legends, waving it in the air. "But this book of legends-this was my favorite book when I was a kid."

"What legend are you reading now?" he asked.

"Orpheus and Eurydice. Do you know the story?"

"No," Eliot said, leaning back in his chair. "Will you tell it to me?"

"Sure!"

Brynn's half-smile made him ache to reach out and take her into his arms. She was so young, so innocent, and yet whenever she smiled he saw behind her beautiful face the intelligence that had made him first fall in love with her. She settled back and her voice took on a deeper tone.

"Orpheus was half-man, half-god."

"Isn't this supposed to start out with 'Once upon a time?'" Eliot asked.

"This isn't a fairy tale," Brynn said. "It's a legend. Now don't interrupt the story."

Eliot grinned.

"Sorry."

Brynn continued, her face becoming more animated as she went on.

"Orpheus could play music like no other, and animals would flock around him whenever he played his lyre. He enchanted Eurydice with his playing, and she fell in love with him. Remind you of anyone?" The teasing look on Brynn's face twisted his heart. It was so good to see her in a joking mood.

"Are you saying I enchanted you?" he asked.

"Maybe. But this story doesn't end happily. Just after their wedding, Eurydice was bitten by a snake, and died instantly," she said.

"That is a tragedy. He must have been heartbroken."

"More than that. He traveled to the underworld, the land of the dead, to get her back." Brynn's voice dropped into a lower register as she spoke.

"To bring her back from the dead?"

"Yes. He played a song lamenting her death and Hades, the god of the underworld, was moved by his music so much that he let Eurydice go. On one condition."

"There's always a catch," Eliot said.

"This one wasn't so bad. He told Orpheus that he must lead Eurydice back up to the world of the living, but that he could not look back at her until they were both out of the underworld. If he looked back, she would be gone forever."

"I can imagine what comes next," Eliot said.

"Can you?" Brynn asked, her eyes wide, lost in the story. "Can you imagine walking through a dark tunnel for hours, tormented souls wailing at every turn? Your lover is supposed to be following you, but is she really there? Has she really come back with you? He would have done the impossible, brought the dead back to life, if he had only walked bravely out of the underworld into the light without looking back."

"But he didn't," Eliot said

"He didn't." Brynn's voice swelled into the tone of a storyteller, her hands moving in the air dramatically to demonstrate the action. "At the last moment, as he stepped out of the underworld into the light of day, he spun around to see his beloved. But she was just inside the tunnel. He reached out to grasp her hand, and she vanished in his arms. He heard the ghost of a voice calling Farewell and nothing else. Hades would not let him return to the underworld a second time."

"The end?" Eliot asked.

"The end," Brynn said.

"It was his own fault," Eliot said, crossing his arms.

"You think so?"

"If he had trusted her, if he hadn't been so impatient, it might have been a happy ending. Wouldn't it?"

"Would you have been able to keep yourself from looking back?" Brynn asked.

Instantly Eliot saw Clare's face in his mind, and he winced in pain. Brynn saw and the realization on her face made him wish that he was better at hiding his emotion. She should not have to think about his dead wife, no matter how much it clouded his own mind.

"I'm sorry," Brynn said.

"No, don't. It's not-"

"It's just a story," Brynn said, closing the book.

"A legend," Eliot corrected solemnly. Brynn smiled at his didactic tone, and he squeezed her hand, trying to fix the connection between them that had strained at the mention of Clare.

"It's beautiful here," Brynn said, looking out at the forest.

"Do you want to stay?" Eliot asked before thinking.

"With you?" Brynn asked. Her eyebrow lifted in a slight question.

"In Hungary. Would you want to stay here?"

"Yes! It's so pretty, and I'm really happy I have the chance to study at the Academy."

"It's an excellent program," Eliot said, trying to hide the disappointment that had suddenly sprung into his thoughts. "It's a different country, though. I know it can be hard to acclimate."

Brynn sipped her tea before answering.

"It's a great opportunity," she said finally. "I wouldn't want to miss out on that. And being in a different country isn't so bad. I'm learning more of the language."

"That's wonderful," Eliot said. He sat back and looked out into the greenery of the forest. He knew it was a fantastic opportunity for Brynn. He would not ask her again. It was enough that she was not upset with him any more, that she had come to him and slept in his arms. He would not push her into anything.

"You do need a haircut," Brynn said, reaching forward and tousling his hair, then smoothing it back.

He leaned toward her and kissed her as he stood, sweeping her up out of the chair and into his arms.

"Ohh!" She cried out softly as he pulled her into a tight embrace, his lips pressing against hers. Such sweet lips, such a sweet face that masked a keen intelligence. He loved her, he loved her, and at that moment he would do anything for her. As he broke the kiss his lips lingered on her cheek.

"Come to dinner with me tonight," Eliot whispered. He could feel her smiling against his face, and his heart swelled.

"Yes, of course," Brynn said.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Brynn

"Myths are the stories we tell ourselves to explain the world around us and within us."

Pamela Jaye Smith

Did I want to stay in Hungary? I asked myself that question over and over again as I walked to the address Mark had given me. Budapest was beautiful, old stone buildings and so much history soaked into the ground. But now that summer had come and the streets were no longer white with snow, the city seemed dirtier. The heat was sometimes oppressive. And although I loved Eliot and living with him, I could not see myself making many friends here. Everybody was polite but also standoffish when I tried to make conversation. Part of that was my halting Hungarian, but another part of it was that I was an outsider, not one of them, and I could feel it.

Crossing the street, I looked up at the large building where Csilla's family lived. The apartment was on the top floor, and when I entered the building the doorman waved me in. Seeing my hesitation, he asked me where I was going. I responded in halting Hungarian, and he led me back to an elevator, pressing the buzzer. A woman's voice answered, and he spoke to her rapidly; I could only make out a few words: "an American girl."

"What do you want?" the woman's voice said in clear English. I realized she was speaking to me.

"Mrs. Deveny? I...I'm Brynn Tomlin," I said. "Mark-uh, Mark from the Academy-he told me that I should talk to you. About my mom."

There was a brief pause and then the elevator door buzzed open. The doorman waved me in. Inside there was only a single button. I pressed it and the doors closed, leaving me alone inside the elevator. The platform jerked upwards, and my stomach was left behind as the elevator rose rapidly up toward the top floor. Toward the answer to some of my questions. I had been waiting a long time for these answers, and now that I was so close I felt queasy.

The elevator doors opened, and I stepped into the apartment-there was no hallway, just a place to leave my shoes at the doorway next to an expansive living room. The elevator doors closed behind me and I jumped as the machinery started up and left me alone in the middle of somebody's house. The sound of a television echoed through the apartment. How strange. A private elevator to an entire floor? I had never seen anything like it.

"Ms. Tomlin? Come in," a voice called from around the corner. I slipped off my shoes and walked through the living room. Everything was neat and tidy. Expensive-looking paintings in gilded frames adorned the walls, and the carpet was so plush my toes sank into it as I walked in my socks.

The kitchen was around the corner, and the lady who sat at the stool in front of the counter could have been Csilla's older sister. She had the same long blonde hair, the same delicate features. In front of her was a glass of red wine. She muted the television, swiveled around on her stool, and stood up, coming forward to greet me with kisses on both cheeks. Marta had greeted me the same way when I arrived in Hungary, but Mrs. Deveny's kisses were perfunctory, quick and efficient and over with before I could return them.

"You're the girl whose mother died," she said, returning to her stool. She stumbled against the counter and caught herself, easing her body up onto the stool carefully.

"Yes." I thought to myself that that was my old identity: I used to only be the girl whose mother died. At school, kids who before might have teased me for being smart and unpopular just stared and whispered. I preferred their teasing. I had grown past that, though, and when I went to college I reinvented myself as somebody new. Nobody knew about my mother except for Mark. And now Csilla. I don't know why it irritated me so much to have her know about my mother, but it did. I didn't want her pity. I didn't want anyone's pity.

"Mark told us about you. You're friends with him, yes?" From her glance it seemed she wanted to make sure we were friends only, nothing more. Her eyes were glazed. I realized that she was drunk.

"Yes, we go to college together." We used to go to college together, rather. I wasn't sure if I'd ever go back. Mrs. Deveny sat down on her stool and sipped at her wine. She didn't offer me a seat or a drink, but I slid onto the stool next to her anyway.

"Your mother's case was a strange one," Mrs. Deveny said. "What do you know about it?"

"Nothing," I said. My hands were damp with sweat.

"Nothing?" Her voice said that she didn't believe me. She took another sip of wine and I wondered how much she had drunk already. It wasn't even noon yet.

"I know she was killed," I said. "But I was only eight when it happened. My father just told me that she had died. He didn't-he didn't tell me anything else. It was only when I was older that he even told me she had been killed."

"It was a gruesome murder," Mrs. Deveny said. She swirled the glass in her hand, saying the words without any hint of emotion, as flatly as if she had been talking about the heat outside. I hated her then, hated her drunkenness, hated having to ask her about my mother. I wanted to turn and run back out the way I had come. I shifted in my stool and swallowed hard.

"What can you tell me about it?" I asked, as calmly as I could.

"I didn't work the case, but I was working there when it happened. It was part of a series of murders. That's why the information was never released to the press. They wanted to make sure that they stayed ahead of your mother's killer. They didn't want the evidence leaked."

"Why not?"

"The murderer-they thought he would kill again, and they didn't want him to know that they had found your mother's body until after they could catch him. And it worked, at least partially."

"They found him? The murderer?" My face turned hot and my heart pounded in my ears. They had caught him. The killer. I would know who did it.

"No," Mrs. Deveny said. "They didn't catch him. But he didn't kill again. Your mother was his last victim."

"Oh." My face fell.

"There's a few boxes of files relating to the case at the police station," Mrs. Deveny said. "I wouldn't think you would want to see them, though."

"I would like to," I said. "I...I want to know what happened."

"Your choice," Mrs. Deveny said. "You're next of kin and an adult. You have every right to see the files. Let me know when you want to go to the station and I'll have the filing assistant pull them for you."

"Can I go today?"

"Today?" Mrs. Deveny raised her eyebrows. "I don't think I can pull them by today. But I'll call in and have them ready for you by noon on Monday."

"Thank you," I said. "That would be great. Thank you."

Mrs. Deveny took another sip of wine, the red liquid disappearing from the glass between her lips. I realized she was waiting for me to leave. I stood up uncertainly from my seat. She stood as well, kissed me on both cheeks in goodbye. Her lips were cold and smelled of alcohol.

"Goodbye," Mrs. Deveny said. "And good luck. I hope you find whatever it is you're looking for." She reached over the kitchen counter for the bottle of wine, and poured herself another glass, almost to the rim.

"Mrs. Deveny?" A thought had just come into my mind.

"Yes?" Her nostrils flared impatiently.

"How do they know he never killed again?"

"What do you mean?" A frown passed over her face and she shook it off.

"You said that the murderer didn't kill again. How do they know he wasn't responsible for any other deaths? I mean, surely there have been other unsolved murders since then."

Mrs. Deveny turned in her stool to look directly at me, and the blankness in her eyes chilled my nerves.

"When you see the files, you'll understand," she said. "Now if you'll excuse me, I can't answer any more of your questions right now. I'm quite busy."

"Yes, of course," I said, although I was sure that her business involved only a glass of wine. "Thank you again. Goodbye."

She said nothing as I left, just watched me leave. I pulled my shoes back on and pressed the elevator button. The doors closed behind me on the elegant living room, and as they closed I heard the television come back on.

At the bottom of the stairs I thanked the doorman and walked out into the street.

"What are you here for?"

I turned around and saw Csilla sitting just behind me, on the edge of the stoop next to the building I had just come out of. A cigarette dangled from her limp fingers and her legs swung against the stoop. She folded the newspaper she was holding and tossed it aside.

"Hi," I said nervously. "I was just here to see your mom."

"About what?"

"About my mother's death," I said, my courage coming back to me. If she wanted to be nosy, I wouldn't stop her. Mark had already told her everything, probably. "How it happened. Your mom was working at the police station when she was murdered. I was just asking her if she knew anything."

"Was she drunk yet?" Csilla asked.

"What?"

Csilla took a drag off of her cigarette and blew it up over my head.

"My mom," she said. "Was she drunk yet when you went up there?"

"It's only ten in the morning," I said, avoiding the question.

"Yeah? So?"

"She seemed fine," I lied.

"She's a bitch," Csilla said, looking away.

I bit my lip to keep from making the snide remark running through my head: Must run in the family, then.

"Your dad's the Academy director, right?" I asked politely.

"Yeah. He's worse than her," Csilla said, looking back at me. I held her gaze. If there was someone who knew something about bad fathers, it was me.

"I'm sorry," I said. "My dad's an a**hole, too."

"What did he do?" she asked.

"He left me when my mom died," I said.

"So you were an orphan? Did you live in an orphanage?" Csilla asked. She took another long drag off of her cigarette.

"I stayed with my grandmother," I said.

Csilla shook her head.

"My dad's almost the same. He's never at home. You can't trust guys, anyway. They're all a**holes."

"You can trust Mark." The words slipped off of my tongue, and Csilla swiveled her head toward me.

"Do you like him?" Her voice hid malice, thinly veiled.

"He's just a friend," I said carefully. "But he's a good friend. He's loyal. You can trust him."

"He's alright. Not that cute, but smart." Csilla stretched her head back, her face lit by the sun, her skirt swirling around her crossed legs. She closed her eyes. She could have been on the cover of a fashion magazine. If Mark thought she was anything other than a pretty face with a mean person behind it, he was wrong. I was about to say goodbye when she spoke again.

"You're f**king Dr. Herceg, right?" she asked.

I flushed, the blood rising to my face instantly.

"I-I-"

"That's okay, I get it. He's hot, if you don't mind the scars," she said.

"I don't." My heart was racing, and my hands clenched into fists.

She flicked ash off of the end of her cigarette.

"Hey, whatever suits you. You're not the first kid he's screwed around with, though." She looked up at me, a sly smile on her face.

The adrenaline rushing through my body made me tremble with rage. I wanted to hit her, to punch her face through the wall. I tilted my chin up.

"I'm not exactly a kid."

"She was, though." Csilla picked up the newspaper she had put aside and held it out to me. "Can you read Hungarian?"

"What's that?" I asked. I didn't reach out to take the paper. I wasn't sure I wanted to read it.

"You're not curious? There's a whole spread today on your sweetheart, Eliot Herceg. How he f**ked an underage escort and got away with nothing more than a slap on the wrist."

"Nice rumors," I said, trying to keep my calm. "You should stop reading so many tabloids."

"It's not a rumor," Csilla said. She stood up from the stoop and took a step toward me. "I remember when he confessed. Ten years ago. Every newspaper covered it. You can look it up." She looked me up and down. "He likes them young, I guess."

"Shut up," I said. It came out a whisper.

"There's a picture of you in the news today, too, in a bikini." She held the paper in front of my face, taunting me. "You know, if you want to workout at a gym, I know a fantastic place downtown. They'll really help you take some of those extra pounds off."

I grabbed the newspaper from her and crumpled it in my hand. She waited, tense, as if she was waiting for me to hit her.

I bit my lip and fought back tears. My ears were still buzzing. It couldn't be true. I turned away.

"Bye," Csilla said. "I'll tell Mark you said hi."

I turned back to her. She leaned against the stoop, the cigarette in her fingers down to its final ashes. Smiling sweetly, she took one final drag and ground the butt under her heel.

"I'm sorry," I said. "About your parents. My mom was wonderful."

Her smile faltered for a second, and I turned my back, walking away before she could respond. When I reached the other side of the street and looked back, she was gone.

CHAPTER NINE

Eliot

Marta picked Eliot up in a white Ferrari. She leaned over the center console to kiss him hello on the cheek.

"This is new," he said, buckling his seatbelt. "Was the Lamborghini too slow for you?"

"That one was black," Marta said, waving her hand in the air. "Summertime is no time for a black car."

He looked at the dash. "Does the speedometer really go up to 200?"

"Don't worry," Marta said. "I'll drive slowly." She glanced over at him.

"You really don't have to do this," Eliot said.

Marta laughed.

"If I didn't drag you to a salon, you'd probably cut your own hair," she said.

"Clare used to cut it," Eliot said. He cursed himself for bringing her up, but Marta's comment about driving had made him remember her. So many things here made him remember her.

"My stylist is wonderful," Marta said, changing the subject quickly as she pulled out of the driveway. "You'll look fantastic."

"I had better," Eliot said. "I'm taking Brynn out for dinner tonight."

"Oh, is that so?" Marta asked. "That must be why she asked me to go shopping."

"She did what?" Eliot frowned. It was unlike Brynn to volunteer to buy new clothes. She made a fuss about not even being able to wear all of the new clothes she had.

"We must have bought her ten new outfits," Marta said brightly. "It was so much fun! I hope she wears the blue dress tonight. It sets off her eyes so well."

"I'll make sure to ask her to wear it," Eliot said. He didn't want to press the issue. He could always ask Brynn later.

They chatted the whole way down into the city. Marta complained about how reporters had been covering the National Assembly's budgetary spending, and Otto was one of the Assembly members under the spotlight.

"It's terrible, how these people love to carp over such trivialities," Marta said. "Don't ever read the newspaper."

"I try not to. But the economy has gone under," Eliot said. "They're probably right to focus on spending issues."

"Members of the National Assembly don't deserve to be insulted like that," Marta said. "Especially Otto! He works so hard!"

"Of course he does," Eliot agreed. Privately he knew that Otto spent less time at the office than Marta believed: many of his "meetings" were afterhours drinking parties with all of the other good old boys in the Assembly.

"Besides, there are so many other problems in this city. Have you heard about the riots?"

"I try not to read the newspaper," Eliot said, smiling.

"It's just terrible," Marta said decisively. She pulled in front of the salon and parked illegally on the street.

"One of these days your car will be towed," Eliot said, getting out of the Ferrari. "And you'll have to walk home."

"That's what cabs are for," Marta sniffed. "Anyway, nobody would tow a car with government plates."

Eliot sighed and held the glass door open for Marta. He walked in after her, his head tilted down. Still, one of the customers sitting on the couch did a double take when they saw his scarred face.

"-supposed to be a private appointment," Marta was saying to the receptionist. The receptionist nodded and went over to the customer. Eliot touched Marta's arm.

"There's no need-I don't require so much privacy."

"Nonsense," Marta said. "People stare. I hate it."

Eliot swallowed hard, but before he could respond, the stylist came out of the back.

"Welcome, Dr. Herceg!" he said, bouncing over to Eliot. "Please, come this way."

Eliot let himself be led into the back. Marta and the stylist chattered eagerly about his hair while he waited patiently, nodding in mute agreement whenever Marta suggested a course of action. When he sat in the stylist's chair, however, he flinched at his reflection in the mirror. The scar on the right side of his face broke his visage in two. The white seam ran from his hairline down to where the hairstylist had attached the collar of the cape around his neck. He hadn't looked in a mirror in full light for a long time; to see his face in stark brightness made him inhale sharply. No wonder people stared.

The scissors began to snip away dark locks of his hair, but his eyes were transfixed by the puckered skin of his scar. His lip lifted in a grimace unconsciously as he sat there, forced to look at himself.

"Now don't worry," the stylist said, concerned by Eliot's expression. "When it's done you'll be just fine."

"That's not it," Eliot said, frowning. "I trust you, I just-"

A shout rang out from outside the salon, then another. Eliot turned his head to see what the commotion was about, almost poking his eye into the scissors.

"Hold still," the stylist said.

"What on earth is that?" Marta said. She walked towards the glass windows of the salon, and when she looked outside her hand flew to her mouth.

"Eliot!" she cried.

A woman outside screamed. Eliot tore the hairstylist cape off of his neck and ran toward Marta, who was pulling open the door. When he got there, he saw what had made her cry out.

It was a protest of a few dozen people carrying signs, but two of the men were kicking the side of the Ferrari. Pedestrians quickly ran away from the scene. A second passed before Eliot could make out what the men were yelling.

"Down with government scum!"

"Filthy pigs!"

Marta began to step outside, but Eliot pulled her back just as someone threw a bottle at the door. It shattered on the frame and sprayed glass shards across both of them. Marta shrieked.

"There they are!"

"Criminals! All of you, criminals!"

Eliot swung the door shut and locked the deadbolt just as one of the protesters came up to the salon. The man pounded on the glass with a sign that read "No More Government Spending!"

"Open up, swine!"

The receptionist was already on the phone with the police. "Come quick! Quick! They're angry...they want to kill us!" she said, her voice near hysteria. "Please send the police. Send all the police you can!"

"Go away!" Marta screamed at the protesters through her tears. "Leave us alone!"

Eliot took her in his arms and pushed her toward the back of the salon. Her hair still had glass shards in it, and he tried not to cut her accidentally. The crowd had moved to the front windows, and the pounding shook the walls.

"Is there a back room?" Eliot asked the stylist. The man was staring blankly at the protesters outside, an expression of terror on his face. "Hey! Is there a back room?" Eliot shook the man's shoulder.

"Yes...yes," the man said. "The storage closet."

"Let's go!" Eliot shouted. The receptionist joined them and they made their way to the back, piling into the small storage room. Marta huddled in the corner and the stylist locked the door behind them, his fingers shaking as he turned the key. The pounding on the glass was still audible in the room, the thuds of the crowd reaching their ears through the door only slightly muted. Shelves lined the walls of the storage room, and the vibrations from the pounding made the bottles of dye and shampoo rattle against each other. The air in the small room smelled of hair setting product and bleach, a chemical smell that made Eliot's eyes water with its intensity.

"Why?" Marta cried. Her eyes were wild. "Why?"

"Hush," Eliot said. "Just stay calm until the police get here." Outside he projected an air of coolness, but secretly he wondered what would happen to them if the police failed to get there in time. A mob, once it turned violent, had no reason behind it. If the glass windows broke, it would not be hard for them to kick down the flimsy interior door. He only hoped that it would slow them enough for the police to arrive.

Marta sank down to the floor, one of her heels hanging off of her foot. Eliot crouched down next to her and began to pick the shards of glass out of her hair.

"Eliot," she said, looking up at him. Her voice was oddly quiet against the pounding and roar of the crowd outside. "Eliot, you'll protect us."

"Yes," he said. His hand was cupped, holding the glass fragments as delicately as if they were diamonds. "Don't worry. I won't let anyone hurt you."

At the end of his sentence Eliot looked up. Something strange had happened. He realized after a second that the pounding had ceased. The crowd still roared, but the walls were not vibrating anymore.

"The police must be here," the receptionist said. Her eyes radiated a panicked relief. "We're safe."

"Should I open the door?" the stylist asked. He seemed uncertain.

"Wait," Eliot said. "I'm not sure-"

A crash from outside the room made the end of his sentence unnecessary. Marta screamed and scrambled backwards against the wall like a cornered animal. Eliot started as he heard the glass windows shatter, his fingers jerking tightly over the glass shards. Feeling the sharp pain, he dropped the handful of glass on the floor.

"Your hand," the stylist said. Eliot looked down to see blood dripping from his palm. The receptionist handed him a towel from one of the shelves, and he pressed the towel against the wound.

The crowd's yells were louder now that they were not muffled by the glass windows, and Eliot tensed, stepping in front of Marta to shield her if need be. Surely the crowd would be inside and through the door at any moment. Surely the wood would splinter and crack inwards. Adrenaline pumped through Eliot's body, and every muscle of his stood at attention.

They waited for the crowd to come storming in. Nothing happened. Eliot heard the faint sound of sirens.

"Oh, thank god," the receptionist said.

Eliot looked down at his hand, still wrapped in the towel. The blood had soaked through the fabric, staining it a bright scarlet. His eyes refocused on the crack under the door, and immediately knew why the crowd had not stormed the salon. Smoke was coming in underneath the door crack.

Marta shrieked as she saw the smoke, and pressed herself farther back against the shelves. The sirens sounded louder now, just outside the salon.

"We have to get out." Eliot pulled Marta to her feet, but she resisted.

"No! You can't go out there!" she cried. The stylist unlocked the door and looked back to Eliot.

"We can try the back exit," the receptionist said. Her voice quavered, but she was ready to get out. The smoke grew thicker, ribbons of white coming in under the door. Eliot's eyes burned.

"Yes," Eliot said. "Ready?" He grabbed Marta's arm to pull her. She clutched his arm but stopped resisting.

"Go!" Eliot cried, and the stylist threw open the door. Clouds of opaque smoke billowed into the small room, and a rush of heat washed over Eliot's face. He couldn't see anybody from the mob, which was no surprise since he couldn't see anything. He held Marta's hand tightly and turned to follow the stylist, but in front of them the heat intensified.

"Out the front!" Eliot said, coughing through the words. The stylist and receptionist turned and both disappeared into the smoke, leaving the two of them behind. Eliot followed in their direction, walking carefully across the salon with Marta behind him. With so much smoke in his eyes, all he could see were glimpses of daylight from the windows. His shoes crunched the shattered glass on the floor. His throat burned with the smoke-something chemical must have caught fire; the sting was acrid-and he felt Marta lean against him for support. Sirens blared in his ears as though they were inches away. Just a few more steps...

He hit the doorframe with his foot and stumbled sideways just as he felt Marta pitch forward. He caught her falling and lifted her limp body against his shoulder. The stylist and receptionist had already escaped, he hoped, and he staggered forward with Marta's weight out of the clouds of smoke and into the street. The air cleared, and Eliot saw where the siren noise came from: a half-dozen police cars circling the salon and blocking off the rioters and news reporters. A fire truck rounded the corner, engine roaring. Marta coughed and spat, and Eliot eased her to her knees in the center of the street. The mob's noise dulled to a mute din in Eliot's ears as he crouched down beside her.

"Are you alright?" Eliot asked. Marta nodded her head in a jerking motion before falling into another coughing fit. Eliot held her by the shoulders as she heaved. Surely an ambulance would be coming. He looked around frantically. Video cameramen and photographers crowded around the police barricade, the black lenses following Eliot and Marta. Rioters ran away from the scene.

"It's alright," Eliot said. He looked around at the mob of people swirling around the street. Smoke billowed out of the salon storefront, and the sirens flashed red and blue, the klaxons deafening. He saw Marta's white Ferrari, the windows smashed, the seats smoldering. The rioters had set it on fire.

"It's going to be alright," Eliot repeated, and he wasn't sure if he was trying to convince Marta, or himself.

CHAPTER TEN

Brynn

"For small creatures such as we, the vastness is bearable only through love."

Carl Sagan

I didn't believe Csilla. I didn't believe the newspaper. But when I looked through the news archives on my phone, I found articles-dozens of them-talking about Eliot's trial. And then I came to one article where I had to look up a word in the headline. Gyonas. Confession. I shut my phone and jumped when it rang immediately. It was my grandmother.

"Hi Nagyi," I said, forcing brightness into my voice. "How are you?"

"I am well," Nagyi said. "How about you? How is your prince?"

"He's doing well," I said, my face turning warm as I thought about what I had just learned about him. "Working hard."

"I hope he's been supportive of you after...after everything that happened to you."

"He's been wonderful," I said. It wasn't hard to sound earnest-Eliot had done everything for me in the weeks after I was sexually assaulted. He'd come close to me when I'd asked him to hold me the one time I needed him to. He'd backed off when I told him that I wasn't ready to be with him in that way, even giving me my own room to make sure he wouldn't be any kind of pressure. Sure, he'd been more irritable, but that was to be expected after all of the issues he'd had working on the mathematical proof. I was still thinking about his embrace, about how nice it had been to sleep with him, when my Nagyi's voice came into my ear again.

"Sorry, Nagyi," I said. "What was that?"

"You can stop sending me money for the medicine."

"Oh? Did the doctors say you don't need it anymore?"

"Ah, no," Nagyi said. "They didn't. I...I actually haven't been able to get my medicine this week."

"What? Why not? You got the money I sent, right?" I had sent the wire transfer last week with the money I'd gotten back from returning some of the clothes Marta had given me.

"Yes, yes, thank you so much. No, it's the insurance company. They're refusing to pay for their percentage. They say it's not a necessary expense."

"Didn't your doctor say it would help prevent strokes? You have a prescription!"

"They're absolutely refusing. The medicine would cost six times as much without insurance," she said. "I've talked with everyone-the hospital, the doctors, a thousand different people from the insurance company-and they keep telling me it will be weeks, maybe months, before I could appeal the decision."

I was shocked. I knew that Nagyi's doctor bills were expensive, but there was no way I could give her thousands of dollars without Eliot noticing. I would have to ask him.

"Brynn?"

"Can you get at least some of the medicine? To last you a few days?"

"I don't want you to worry. I think I'll be fine," Nagyi said, her voice crackling over the line. "The doctors said that it would only lower the risk of my having a stroke. And I feel very healthy!"

"I can get you the money," I said. "I'll wire it as soon as possible."

"I couldn't ask that of you," Nagyi said. "Even that you've done so much-I can't thank you enough. But no, this would be impossible."

"It's not," I said frantically. "Not impossible at all. Eliot has the money. I can ask him-"

"I don't want to be a burden," Nagyi said firmly. "That's entirely too much money."

"Please," I said. "Just until you get the insurance settled with."

There was a pause on the line, and I thought I had lost the connection. But then her voice came back on the line, a bit shaky.

"Alright," she said. "But please, if you can't send the money, don't worry. I can get a loan. I can ask someone else..."

"Like who?" I asked, before thinking. "I mean-"

"No, you have the right to know," she said. "It was your father. Is. He's sending me money to cover some of the bills."

"You don't need to accept money from him," I said, bristling. "I can cover it."

"Thank you, Brynn, but he likes to give a little something to help. And I'm thankful to see him so often. It reminds me of your mother, back when they were a young couple."

"I can't imagine that," I whispered.

"What's that?" she asked. "I can't hear you."

"I'll send it," I said. "I'll send the money. Just let me know how much."

"Thank you, Brynn," Nagyi said. "Thank you so very much."

"I love you, Nagyi," I said. "I miss you."

"I miss you too," she said. "I am so glad you're off having an adventure, though. That's an opportunity for good luck if I ever saw it."

"Or for bad luck," I said, laughing. It was just like her to stride forward onto an optimistic road, and just like me to retreat from it.

"If you do it for love, it'll always be good. Remember that, Brynn. If you're ever in doubt, take a chance on love."

"Okay," I said, not quite sure what she meant.

"I love you."

"Love you too," I repeated. "Bye."

The entire ride home I spent in worry. Eliot's confession. My Nagyi's medicine. But the picture that kept reappearing in my brain was the photograph of me in a bikini sitting by the pool. Printed for everyone to see. The idea of it made me sick, just like when I thought about the hunter who has assaulted me in the forest. I blinked and blinked and couldn't get the picture out of my mind. Was this really an adventure? It was beginning to feel less and less like the dream I'd thought living with Eliot would be.

When I came back to the house, only the light to Eliot's study was on. I flew through the front door and went straight to the back of the house, throwing the crumpled newspaper Csilla had given me onto the kitchen counter. The picture of me in the bikini was taken from the backyard as I lay by the pool. I shuddered as I looked out of the back window toward the forest. There, the photographer must have stood amid the trees, waiting until I came out, to take photos of me.

Starting in the kitchen, I slammed the shutters of the windows closed, one by one. One window was not shuttered; I yanked the curtain across it. Each window I closed shut out the daylight, and the rooms began to grow dark. I had not remembered to turn on the lights, and I didn't care. I wanted the whole house to go dark. I wanted it to be impossible to see me, to see Eliot. The dark was wonderful, the dark was blinding.

I heard Eliot's footsteps on the stairs just as I closed the last shutter, sending the first floor of the house into near-complete darkness.

"Brynn? What on earth is-"

A scrape of wood on tile, a shout, and then the shattering of glass. I blinked in the darkness and fumbled for the light switch. When I switched on the hallway lights, I saw Eliot standing over the remnants of the vase that he had knocked over. Red roses and glass were scattered all across the tile.

"Are you okay?" My voice sounded quiet.

"Yes, yes. Let's-here, let's get this cleaned up." Eliot bent to scrape the glass together into a pile.

"I didn't think-I'm sorry. Let me get a broom." My hands were shaking. I got the broom out from the pantry and came back to sweep the glass up. Eliot was picking up the roses and shaking the glass pieces off of them.

"I picked these up for you on the way home," he said, giving a small chuckle. "I know cut flowers aren't supposed to last a long time, but still-"

"I'm sorry," I said again. Eliot reached out for my shoulder but I ducked away, bending down to sweep the rest of the glass up into the pan.

"What's the matter?" Eliot asked. I shook my head as I walked back into the kitchen and threw the glass away into the trash can. The shards tinkled as they fell into the garbage, and the few rose petals that had fallen off refracted red through the shiny fragments. How could I possibly ask him about what Csilla had told me?

"I'm worried that we won't get this math paper written up in time," I said finally.

Eliot leaned against the kitchen counter, watching me. His eyes were full of concern. I lowered my gaze and saw red on his hand.

"Eliot, you're bleeding-"

"It's nothing." He closed his hand into a fist, the red disappearing. "And it's not just the math you're worried about."

"Eliot-"

"Brynn, you have to trust me. Please. Talk to me." His eyes fell on the newspaper, and his entire face twisted into an angry grimace. I had never seen him look so upset, but the expression disappeared quickly into a neutral facade.

"You read this?" he asked, his fingers tapping near the newspaper. He did not touch it, as though it were poison.

"There's a picture of me in the backyard," I said. I felt tears burning the backs of my eyes, but I tried to keep them down. I did not want him to see me so vulnerable.

"The backyard?"

"They must have come through the forest and taken the picture from there," I said. "They're watching me. No matter where we are, they're there."

"Brynn, I'm sorry." Eliot's hands pressed down on the kitchen counter, his fingertips white with the pressure. "This is my fault. I need to talk to you about this."

My lips trembled and I set my jaw.

"About what?"

"You read the newspaper today?"

I blinked back the tears.

"Yes," I said. "I only understood part of it, but I think I know what you're talking about."

"I have to explain-"

"Csilla told me about what happened before you left Hungary ten years ago," I said. Eliot's mouth closed. He looked at me without any hint of emotion in his face. I felt a chill run through me.

"What did she tell you?" he asked quietly.

"Is it true?" I couldn't keep the hysteria out of my voice. "Is it true about the escort? I looked it up. The news from ten years ago. I didn't believe her. But-"

"Brynn."

"Just tell me if it's true! My voice echoed in the empty kitchen. I couldn't believe that he would lie to me. "The articles I looked up all said the same thing. Tell me they're lying."

Eliot stood silently, his eyes on the paper darting from left to right to left again. Deciding what to say.

"You confessed, you were sentenced, you left Hungary," I continued. "Is that true?"

"Brynn," Eliot said, closing his eyes.

"Is it true?!" There was no way it could be possible. No way that he had slept with an underage escort. It was Eliot!

"Brynn," Eliot said, looking up at me. His face was full of sorrow, and I felt a cold sinking in my stomach. "I need to confess something to you."

"I never realized that the past would come back to torment me like this," Eliot said. I couldn't breathe. The air around me felt like cement.

"So it's true?" I said, shaking my head as if that would turn everything around.

"No," Eliot said, leaning over to take my hand. "Well, partially."

"Partially?" I could barely feel his fingers on mine.

"Not the worst of it. It's true I confessed, I was found guilty. But I never hired any escort, underage or otherwise. Brynn, you know me."

"I know," I said. My breath came out in a rush, and I could hear my heart start to beat normally again. "I know. That's why I couldn't believe it. But you confessed? Why?"

"Can we sit down?" Eliot asked. He looked weary, ten years older than normal.

"Sure," I said. I let him lead me to the living room couch, and he sat clasping my hands in his. It reminded me of sitting on the bench, the day we first met. I had been wary of him then, a total stranger. I felt that way now, like I was sitting next to a stranger I didn't know. Somebody whose mind I couldn't understand.

"Ten years ago," Eliot said, "Otto had given me a position on one of the government boards, a sinecure, really. I never did any work for them, but they wanted my academic prestige for their project proposals."

"Your brother. I've never met him."

"No? You will soon. He used to be more involved in my career. Always getting me accepted to this committee or that one. And then this happened."

"What happened? Did someone frame you?"

"No, no, nothing like that. It was Otto. He-he hired an escort. I doubt he knew she was underaged, he's never been interested in young girls, but he paid for it over the phone using a credit card, and it was traced back to him."

Eliot took a deep breath.

"He came to me for help, and I agreed to take the fall for him."

"You? Why?" I asked.

"Why not?" Eliot smiled sadly.

"What do you mean, why not? You threw your reputation away. People think you're-they think-" I couldn't even finish the sentence. Eliot sighed, his voice pained. I could feel the hurt radiating from him.

"Brynn," he said. "When Clare died, I was ready to kill myself. I didn't know what to do. I was lost. I didn't want to stay in Budapest a second longer. Everything here-" and here he waved around in the air, the entire house in his gesture- "everything reminded me of her. I couldn't walk down the street without seeing her face. I couldn't function. How could my life be any worse?"

He smiled suddenly, and his eyes met mine.

"I never dreamed that I would meet a woman like you, Brynn. I never knew that I could find love like this."

"So that's why you left Hungary?" I said. "Because of Otto?"

"If he had been found guilty, his life, his career, his family would have all been destroyed," Eliot said. His lips pressed together, his face pinched. "There was nothing left in my life to destroy. So I told him I would confess."

"And you came to America."

"It was an easy decision," Eliot said. "The judge who decided the sentence was close with Otto. He might even have known that I was innocent. But he gave me the option of circumventing the probationary period by simply staying out of the country for three years. And after three years, I decided to stay in California."

"Does Marta know?"

"Yes," Eliot said.

"But she's still with him." I thought of how happy she had seemed when I first met her. She'd told me that she owed Eliot a great debt. Now I knew what that debt was. It made me hate her a little bit, that she was okay with having Eliot take the blame for something he didn't do. And I hated Otto, the brother I had never met, for being the kind of person who would commit that kind of crime and then let his family take the fall.

"It tore them apart for a while," Eliot said. "I can't know what happened between them. Who knows what goes on between two people who love each other? But she stayed with him, and he's never strayed since, at least not as far as I know."

"Thank you for telling me," I said. I sat quietly on the couch, trying to make sense of everything.

"Brynn?"

"Yes?" I looked up into Eliot's face crisscrossed with furrows.

"I would never do something like that. Not to you. Not to anyone. I love you."

"I know." I breathed in and out. "I love you too."

"Does it matter very much to you, though?"

"What?" I asked.

"You know now. I'm not the sterling prince you thought I was. My reputation isn't...exactly what you imagined."

"I don't love you because of your reputation, Eliot."

He lifted my chin in his cupped hand and pressed a kiss onto my lips. His breath was warm, sweet, and I nuzzled his cheek after he broke the kiss. My lips grazed the white seam of his scar.

"I want you," he whispered. I froze at the words. My body ached for him, but my mind was thrown into fear by the desire I felt.

"Tonight?" I forced the question out.

He paused, his fingers caressing my face.

"You're worried, Brynn. Is it because of this?"

"No," I said, shaking my head. "I just-I'm not ready." I was scared that he would push the issue, but he waited a moment and then kissed my forehead.

"Then let's go to sleep," Eliot said.

That night I slept in his arms, my back against his chest, his arms cradling me. I did not see the moon, or any of the familiar constellations, for I made Eliot close the window shutters while we slept.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Eliot

"The heart has its reasons whereof reason knows nothing."

Blaise Pascal

Eliot could not find a proper time to tell Brynn about the riot, and he brushed it away by telling himself that she should not have to deal with yet another thing to worry about. She seemed in a better mood in the morning, and he drove them both to the Academy.

"I've got to talk with the director about this paper," he said as they walked up the steps. "I'll come by afterward to see you in the library?"

"Sure," Brynn said. He leaned forward to kiss her on the cheek and she smiled at him before turning down the hall towards the mathematics library. She was so beautiful. He did not want to hurt her. No. Better to keep her safe. The protests should be over soon, in any case, and then they would have only the press to worry about.

He knocked on the director's door.

"One moment," the director said, opening the door with a phone pressed to his ear. "Dr. Herceg! I'll be finished with this shortly."

Eliot nodded and sat outside of the office. He rifled through the magazines on the coffee table. The last one had his face plastered across the front page with a photo of Brynn inset. Convicted Sex Criminal Finds Another Victim, the headline screamed. Eliot dropped the magazine in the trash can and leaned back in the chair, closing his eyes. No more of this. It would die down soon, he hoped.

"Dr. Herceg?" The director waved him in. "Let's hear about this paper you've got."

Flustered, Eliot stumbled through his explanation of the algorithm they'd been working on. He could see the director frown in places that were incomplete, and he struggled to justify their process.

"The initial results are very promising," Eliot finished lamely, his voice belying the content of his words.

"Initial results." The director took his eyeglasses off and wiped them on his shirt. "How long have you been working on this?"

"These results have all been finalized in the last year," Eliot said. "We've finally finished the basic framework for this algorithm."

"My daughter Csilla showed me the paper you have her writing up with a few other students. It was impressive, no doubt."

"Yes," Eliot said, sighing in relief. "They've all done a wonderful job."

"But," the director continued, "I had hoped that your work would end up being a bit more...substantial."

"We're set up very well with this work," Eliot insisted, although he knew that his findings were lackluster. They hadn't solved the major problem, he knew. "We have the framework set up to begin working on the general solution."

"Coming from you, Dr. Herceg," the director said, "I have to say, this is disappointing."

Eliot's right eye twitched, the one near the scar. "We have a strong foundation-"

"I understand that you've been having some...personal trouble. With the media."

"If the Academy can do anything to help with that," Eliot pleaded. "Perhaps issuing a statement-"

"We can't," the director said flatly. The look on his face told Eliot that there was no chance in arguing.

"This is unacceptable," the director continued. He rubbed his nose, pinching it between his long fingers. "I don't know what's happened in the past ten years, Eliot. You used to produce such fine mathematics. Paper after paper of brilliant theorems. This-" he waved at the paper in front of him-"this is work I would expect from any junior professor."

Eliot flushed. "I can do more-"

"We've been under a lot of scrutiny," the director said. "And if you can't deliver results, it's not worth the risk we take to keep you on."

"Risk?"

"The Herceg name is not known fondly anymore in Budapest. Your brother being in the Assembly makes your position here look like nothing more than nepotism. Like your brother has something to do with you staying on, especially if this is the work we get from you after a year."

"Is that true?" Eliot asked. His throat was tight.

"What?"

"Is my brother the reason I'm still here?"

The director sighed and leaned forward.

"Eliot," he said. "I knew you before Clare died. Before you left Hungary. You were...you were a genius."

"But I've lost it." He had lost everything-his wife, his country. And, yes, if he was being honest with himself, his mathematical genius. Or perhaps not the genius-he hadn't lost his mathematical ability, the perspective that made him see the path towards the right answer so clearly. He'd just lost the spark of motivation that he used to be able to call upon to push past the inevitable frustrations that cropped up during the course of any major proof.

"I didn't say that," the director said, leaning back. "We just need more from you if we're going to have such an...unpopular name working in our department. The board wants to get rid of you."

"I'll do what I can," Eliot said.

"I'd like to keep you on," the director said. "And this paper is a good start. But it's insufficient if you want reinstatement in the department. I've asked the board to meet with you next week about your findings. They'll be the ones to decide whether you should stay or not."

"Thank you," Eliot said blankly. His mind was already turning, trying to figure out what had gone wrong. He stood and shook the director's hand limply before heading out the door.

"Eliot?" the director said.

"Hmm?" Eliot turned back to see the director leaning back in his chair. "Yes?"

"Impress them."

CHAPTER TWELVE

Brynn

I kissed Eliot goodbye and walked to the academy library. Mark was there, sitting at one of the tables. And Csilla was there too, her hand stroking his shoulder absently as they both read over some book. I stopped in my tracks by the library shelf. My entire being revolted at the idea of going over to talk with them. I wanted to turn and flee. I'd felt like this so often recently, but I didn't want to let Eliot know. It was such a wonderful opportunity he was giving me, and I felt ungrateful for my hesitation.

"Hey Brynn!" I snapped out of my reverie and saw Mark motioning for me to come over. Csilla had a fake smile plastered on her face, and as I walked over she pulled Mark closer to her to kiss him on the cheek.

"What's up?" I asked, playing it as cool as I could. I sat down on the empty chair across from them.

"Finishing up this paper," Mark said.

"My dad says it'll be published this summer," Csilla said, blinking her long lashes at me.

"How's your work coming along?" Mark asked.

"Um, fine." I hadn't been getting anywhere at all on the problem. I just hoped that the work we'd already done would be enough.

"Mark and I are going to Paris to celebrate after this is all done," Csilla said, resting her head on Mark's shoulder. He beamed, and I felt sick inside. She didn't deserve him, and he didn't deserve to have such a two-faced person as a girlfriend.

"That's wonderful," I said.

"Have you ever been?" she asked.

"No," I said.

"That's a shame. How about Rome?"

"I've never traveled anywhere," I said, a bit more harshly than I intended to. I turned to Mark. "Did you find a solution to that problem?"

"Uhh...no," he said, having the decency to look ashamed. "You were right. It's impossible."

"I still think there's a way to do it," Csilla said. "You can't just give up. I mean, if you want to succeed, you have to keep trying. Success doesn't just come to people who sit back and do nothing. Unless they're sitting back and letting someone else do something to them." She winked at me, and I stood up from the table.

"I'll see you later," I said.

"Wait, Brynn," Mark said. I ignored him and walked away. As I left I heard him arguing with Csilla, her cooed protests of innocence echoing in my ears. I ran outside and down the stairs, away from the Academy. I couldn't stay there. Not with her around.

I stopped only when I came to the edge of the Danube. The riverbank sidewalks were crowded with casual tourists and businessmen in suits taking time off from work to stroll in the sunshine, their coats draped over their arms. The air was hot and the trees seemed to glow with reflected sunlight. I leaned over the side of the railing, looking at the river flowing past.

The Danube in the summertime was blue-green and murky, the currents gently spinning small rifts of foam along the granite blocks of the riverbank in places. The first time I'd seen the river, it had been winter and the water was dark, glassed over with ice. It looked peaceful now, and I held my breath when I remembered what had happened somewhere along the bank, thirteen years ago. How could it have swallowed my mother whole?

I saw something bob in the river, and it shocked me back into awareness. I shook my head and blinked-it was just an empty soda bottle floating down with the current. It ran aground and was caught in the branches of a bush growing out of a crack in the rocks. That could be my mom's body, I thought. I wondered how somebody had found her. I wondered how she had been killed.

Tomorrow. I would have all of the answers tomorrow when I went to the police station. I wiped the small beads of sweat from my forehead and took a breath. Eliot would be looking for me. I found myself walking back with newfound determination. I would be strong not just for myself, but for him. He had been working so hard on the problem, and I had done nothing to support him. I had been blindly focused on my own problems. Selfish, I thought to myself.

Eliot found me outside of the Academy, sitting on the steps.

"I just got a call from Marta," he said. "She wants us to come over for dinner. What do you think about that?"

"Sure," I said. Hadn't he just told me that Otto and Marta had been the ones responsible for ruining his reputation? I pressed my lips together.

"I thought you'd be excited," Eliot said. He touched my elbow. "You've been wanting to go out more."

"Sorry," I said. "Just thinking about something else."

"Okay," Eliot said. "Maybe you can wear one of your new dresses."

"What?" I looked up in confusion.

"Marta told me you two went shopping," Eliot said.

"Oh, right. Yeah," I said. Those were the dresses I had returned for cash so I could send my grandmother the money. I would have to wear something else and hope that nobody would notice.

Eliot put his arm around me, and I leaned into his chest. He kissed my temple.

"I am looking forward to seeing you at the dinner tonight," he whispered.

"Because I'll be wearing a dress?" I asked, trying to joke.

"Because you shine brilliantly around other people," Eliot said.

"Don't I shine brilliantly around you?"

Eliot laughed, and I thought that I might be able to patch up the sore spots between us. He was so kind, so ready to love me. I didn't understand what I had done to deserve him. I felt like the worst kind of liar.

"It's a different kind of shine," he said. "Like a diamond with light shining on it from different angles. I see all of the little facets of you that I don't get to see when it's just us."

"I'll do my best to sparkle," I said.

A secret is a dark thing. It worms its way into your heart and burrows deep, eating you from the inside out. The only way to stop it from eating you alive is to expose it to the light. Like vampires, secrets crumble in the daylight.

My dad had kept a dark secret from me for years. The truth of my mother's death had never been uncovered, at least to me, and I trembled to think about what lay hidden underneath the layers of lies and untruths that my dad had piled atop of reality in order to protect me.

Why did I keep the money a secret from Eliot? It was the same reason that Cinderella ran away from the prince at the ball when the clock struck midnight. Proud as she was, she did not want him to see her in rags.

I knew Eliot loved me, but I still had my pride, and I clasped onto the lie of my independence as surely as if I was telling the truth. I did not want to acknowledge the fact of the situation: that I needed Eliot badly. I needed his help in the form of money, and I could not fix all of my problems on my own. That was the secret I kept from myself.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Eliot

"Problems cannot be solved at the same level of awareness that created them."

Albert Einstein

Eliot tried to put a happy face on, but his mind was troubled. Would he ever solve the damned problem? Brynn didn't deserve to worry about that. With her mother's death and the finalization of her paper for the Academy, she had enough to worry about without worrying about him too.

Brynn came down the stairs dressed in a green-gray shimmering dress, a sheath with beaded fringe at the bottom.

"You look stunning," Eliot said. Any thoughts of trouble disappeared when he looked at Brynn's face. Her gentle, full lips that curved into a smile. Her beautiful green eyes, tinged with specks of gold, that lit up at understanding a new mathematical idea. And when she dressed her curves up in an outfit to show them off to full measure, he could not help but feel that it was harder to stand up than normal.

"Thank you," Brynn said, tilting her head so that he could kiss her cheek. A hint of vanilla perfume wafted up from her neck.

"And you smell delicious," Eliot said, moving to kiss her on the collar. Her skin was so soft under his mouth. He let his tongue dart out between his teeth, tasting her in slow spirals.

"Mmm," Brynn said. "Eliot..."

"We should go before I decide to eat you all up," Eliot said. He held the door open for her and cocked his head as she passed by him. "Is that a new dress? I thought that was one of the first ones you bought."

Brynn shrugged as she walked by him.

"I like this one," she said.

"It likes you," Eliot said, but he could sense that there was a nervousness during the ride to Marta's that hadn't been there before. They barely talked, Brynn looking out of the car window the entire time at the night sky.

"Where is that necklace I gave you?" Eliot said. "The one with the heart and the little diamond?"

"I lost it. Don't you remember?" A flutter of shame passed over Brynn's eyes.

"Oh yes," Eliot said, although he did not remember. "Yes."

Eliot focused on the road. Outside of Marta's house, Eliot helped Brynn up the stairs.

"I'm glad you're finally going to meet Otto," Eliot said.

"I'm not," Brynn said, her head lowered.

Eliot was shocked. Brynn had never been so bluntly negative before. He wondered what had gone wrong.

"Marta will be glad to see you, anyway," he said, confused. "And I'm sure Otto will as well."

Brynn raised her head, and in her eyes Eliot saw tears brimming.

"I'm sorry," she said. "I'm trying. But I don't know if I can forgive them for what they did to you."

"Brynn," Eliot said, sweeping her up into his arms. "I did this to myself. It was my choice."

"But it was his fault," Brynn said. "I don't understand why you would let yourself get caught up in your brother's mess."

"Marta-"

The door opened in front of them. It was Marta. She beamed at them with a smile that was more forced than usual.

"Eliot, Brynn. How wonderful to see you both!" She kissed them on the cheeks and ushered them in with a tittering laugh. "Such a beautiful dress, Brynn. Come, come! Otto is out smoking on the balcony. You've never been here before, have you, Brynn?"

Brynn shook her head.

"Well, then, let me give you the grand tour!"

Eliot followed behind as Marta showed Brynn up the steps to the music room and led her through the kitchen, where their private chef was preparing the dinner. Brynn nodded and murmured compliments in all the right places, and Marta showed off the new furniture they had just bought for their dining room.

"The sofa is a replica of one of Louis IV's," Marta boasted. "From Versailles. And the grandfather clock here is actually an antique that Otto's father just gave to him."

Brynn stopped in front of the clock and watched the regular motion of the silver and gold cogs. The golden pendulum swung slowly back and forth, and the gilded numbering was set into a marble clock face that gleamed. Eliot put his hand on the small of her back. Her eyes were reflected in the glass and he met them just as the hour hand ticked over to nine o'clock. Eliot felt Brynn tense under his hand as the chimes rang out loudly, the sonorous tones vibrating through his chest. She closed her eyes as the last chime sounded, listening to the echo through the large rooms of the apartment.

"It's lovely," Brynn said, turning back to Marta and avoiding Eliot's gaze. Marta smiled widely. Eliot could tell that she was determined to act as though nothing was wrong at all. The world could be falling apart outside, and Marta would still hold dinner parties and smile and show off. She had been pretending for so long now that Eliot thought it might have frozen her permanently in a state of false happiness. He did not know what lay underneath her surface; he had only a glimpse of her pain every now and then, but it would quickly close over.

They opened the door onto Otto stubbing out a cigar on the balcony railing. Brynn stepped forward to kiss him on both cheeks in the traditional greeting, and he swept her into his arms in a familial hug.

"Brynn, this is Otto," Eliot said. "Otto, Brynn."

"I've heard so much about you, my dear," Otto said, pressing her hand with his.

Brynn swallowed, and Eliot knew that she was restraining herself from responding negatively in kind. She smiled, but the smile did not reach her eyes.

"Good to see you again, Otto," Eliot said.

"Is that the Danube?" Brynn asked, stepping to the stone railing and looking out over the edge.

"Sure is," Otto said. "Eliot, they've been asking for you at the club. When are you planning on coming back?"

Eliot glanced over at Marta, who was pointing out to Brynn all of the historic buildings that were visible from the balcony. The pinpoints of light in the darkness twinkled like stars.

"Not anytime soon," Eliot said, moving back inside with Otto. The warm light of the apartment bathed the dining room table so that the silverware glowed, and Eliot considered that the entire dinner was a fantasy, the beautiful setting a facade that did its job well but would be taken down at the end of the night.

"Why not?"

"You know what they say about me," Eliot said, his voice snapping more than he had intended.

"If you're talking about the newspaper article, I told them not to run that piece," Otto said, waving one hand in the air.

"It's not just the paper. Everywhere I go, people stare. They whisper."

"Ignore them," Otto said. "You have success. You have a beautiful girl at your side. You have your work."

"Easy for you to say. You're not the one people are staring at."

"They'll forget," Otto said, his voice falling into apology. "They'll get bored with this scandal once the next young celebrity overdoses on her**n. Give it time."

"Perhaps," Eliot said. He scratched his cheek, feeling the length of the scar that ran down his face. It had been ten years since he had been in Hungary. That had been plenty of time, he thought, but still the gazes of people on the street followed him around accusingly.

"Never mind the club," Otto said, putting a cheery face back on. "Tell me what you've been up to!"

Marta and Brynn came back inside, and they all sat down to dinner. The chef brought out the dishes one by one, starting with a spiced kohlrabi soup and moving on to a dish of sausage and browned pears. Otto poured everybody overfull glasses of wine, and they began their dinner. Brynn ate quietly at first, but as Marta and Otto plied her with questions and food, began to open up and talk about her work on the academy paper, her notions of Budapest, and how her Hungarian was improving.

Marta and Otto were charming as always, and soon everyone was laughing at Marta's impression of the overblown actress they had seen recently in a stage production of Romeo and Juliet.

"You should have seen her!" Marta gasped in mirth. "Lisping through all of her lines with such melodrama. 'My bounty ith ath boundlethh ath the thhea'! Oh, it was excruciating to watch."

"Poor girl," Eliot murmured, but Marta's theatrics brought a smile to his face. He took another bite of the sausage and sighed in satisfaction.

"Leave space for dessert," Marta said. "I've asked the chef to make apple pie for the American here." She winked at Brynn. "It'll be ready soon from the smell of it."

"I've never eaten so well, my dear," Otto said, leaning over to kiss Marta on the cheek. She wrinkled her nose as Otto's mustache tickled her.

"Thank you so much," Brynn said. "This is all so wonderful."

"I thought we all might need a nice dinner to wind down from yesterday," Marta said.

"What happened yesterday?" Brynn asked innocently, forking another bite of sausage between her lips.

"You didn't tell her?" Marta looked over at Eliot. He froze, unsure of what to say. Brynn gulped down a swallow of wine and set her glass back down on the table. Her face was a mask of worry.

"Tell me what?" Brynn asked.

"It's nothing," Eliot said, trying to make light of it all. "We got caught in the middle of a riot-"

"Nothing?" Marta cried out. "Why, we nearly died-"

"Marta, don't scare the girl," Otto said, seeing Brynn go pale.

"They destroyed the Ferrari," Marta continued. "If we hadn't gotten out of the salon before the fire started-"

Brynn stood up, her chair scraping on the floor.

"I...I need a bit of fresh air," she said, her eyes averted from the table. She fled to the balcony and Eliot stood up.

"Eliot, I'm sorry," Marta said. "I thought you would have told her already."

"I hadn't had the chance," Eliot said, keeping his voice calm. "She's already worried sick about everything else."

"You're both fine now, and that's what matters," Otto said, patting Marta on the hand.

"Just let me talk to her," Eliot said. "I'm sure she's shocked."

"It'll be a few more minutes to dessert anyway," Marta said, her eyes bright with worry.

Eliot stepped out onto the balcony. Night had fallen fast and the air was cool. Brynn stood watching the Danube flow between the stone riverbanks, and did not move when he came to stand next to her. He could feel the heat radiating off of her skin. He picked up her hand and turned it over to kiss her palm before speaking softly.

"My bounty is as boundless as the sea, my love as deep; the more I give to thee, the more I have, for both are infinite."

"Eliot-"

"I'm sorry," he said. "I should have told you."

"You don't need to protect me from everything," Brynn said, her brows knitting together. "You can't."

"I can try."

Brynn shook her head and looked back out at the river.

"Even now, somebody could be out there watching. Taking pictures of us to put up in a tabloid."

"I'm sorry. If I could stop them, I would."

"I don't want a savior. I don't want a...a protector!" Brynn said. "I just want you to love me."

"Brynn, I love you more than I ever thought possible."

"Then tell me the truth. Don't try to shield me from the world."

Eliot's heart twisted inside of his chest.

"I don't want you to be scared. I don't want these things to get between us. I don't want you to be hurt."

Brynn lifted her eyes to his face, and in her expression he saw a maturity that belied her age. She reached up to his face and stroked his cheek with the back of her hand, letting her thumb glide over his scar.

"We all get hurt sometimes," she said. "It's okay."

"I promise I won't hide anything from you again," Eliot said. He saw a look of worry pass across Brynn's face, and then it disappeared.

"Thank you," she said, her eyes darting back out to the river. A dinner cruise full of tourists floated by. The wind carried fragments of laughter over to the balcony.

"About yesterday..."

"You can tell me when we get home," Brynn said firmly, pushing herself back from the railing. "Right now I think it's time to eat some apple pie."

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Brynn

I had to tell Eliot about the money I'd been sending to my grandmother. When he promised never to hide anything from me again, I felt so horribly guilty that I couldn't even taste the apple pie for dessert. And the thought of him being in the middle of one of those riots...

As we rode back through the dark hills of the mountains just outside the city, I looked out of the window at the stars. The lights of Budapest shone dimly below us, but I could still make out the major constellations. My eyes moved to the horizon, where the firs stood like a black fence against the sky. A shooting star fell, the burning line of its path suspended in the night sky for just a moment behind the trees, and I held my breath.

"Tell me about the riot," I said. I needed some time to collect my thoughts.

"They broke the glass of the salon. They burned it down. We were inside when the fire started, but we made our way out."

"And the cut on your hand?"

"I cut it on the glass there. It's not a deep cut."

He was so nonchalant. I couldn't tell if he was trying to make it seem like not a big deal just to ease my mind. The car wound through the curves of the hills, the trees growing bigger, denser in this part of the woods. We were getting closer to home, and I had to tell him.

"Eliot-" I began to say.

We rounded a curve and a deer darted out from the forest into the middle of the road. It jumped right in front of us.

"Look out!" I screamed, but Eliot was already reacting. The headlights caught its eyes as Eliot slammed on the brakes and twisted the wheel. I held onto the side of the car, bracing myself. The car slid on the road sideways. We clipped the deer on my side with a loud thwack at the rear of the car. Then Eliot wrenched the wheel back and the car swerved to a stop on the shoulder of the other side of the road.

"Are you okay?" Eliot asked. I turned to look at him. His face was white, his fingers gripping the wheel.

"I'm fine," I said. "Just a little shaken up."

Eliot unbuckled his seatbelt and opened the car door. I got out of the car with him.

"I don't think it made a huge dent," I said, going back to where the deer had hit the rear fender. The deer was nowhere to be found; it had probably escaped back into the forest. I looked up to see Eliot stumbling toward the woods. He leaned against a tree and bent over, vomiting onto the ground.

"Eliot, are you okay?" I cried. I ran over to him, but he waved me back. He stood up and spit, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. His fingers were shaking.

"I'm fine, I'm fine," he said. It was obvious he wasn't. "It was just-the noise of the car, getting into another accident-I didn't-I couldn't-"

"It's okay," I said. "We're okay. Do you want me to drive the rest of the way back? We're not far."

"No, I just need a second," Eliot said. He walked back and leaned against the rear bumper of the car, and I stood next to him, looking up at the sky. Here there were no lights, and I could see thousands of stars overhead, so many that the sky seemed to be a patchwork of blue. I watched for any shooting stars, but none came.

After a minute, Eliot breathed deeply, exhaling.

"Let's go," Eliot said. His face was still pale, but I didn't want to press the issue.

He drove home slowly, taking every curve at half-speed, and I said nothing. We went up to the bedroom and brushed our teeth side by side. I crawled into bed as he washed up, and when he finally slid under the sheets I curled up against his body, my leg over his. He kissed me, and it lingered a moment longer than usual.

"Good night," he said softly. "Sweet dreams."

"Good night," I said.

I ached to tell him to take me, to slide my hands along his chest and farther down, but I did not know how my body would react and I did not want to make a promise that I couldn't keep. Tonight especially, I thought that his mind would be on Clare and the accident, and I did not want to be with him like that when he was thinking about her. My hand rose and fell as he breathed deeply, drifting off to sleep. I kissed his bare shoulder and thought that perhaps tomorrow night I would tell him that I was ready. Tomorrow, too, I would tell him about Nagyi. Tomorrow, tomorrow...

As I closed my eyes, my lips still pressed against his skin, I thought that maybe tomorrow would make both of us okay.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Eliot

"To those who do not know mathematics it is difficult to get across a real feeling as to the beauty, the deepest beauty of nature. If you want to learn about nature, to appreciate nature, it is necessary to understand the language that she speaks in."

Richard Feynman

Eliot woke up from a nightmare. He'd been driving again, through a rocky landscape that burned bright red, and the deer had jumped again in front of his car, and he'd turned the wheel, crashing into trees that sprung up out of nowhere. Turning his head, he saw Clare with the tree branch through her chest, and then he blinked and it was Brynn, Brynn with the drop of blood at the corner of her mouth, Brynn who looked up at him and whispered his name-

He opened his eyes, a sheen of sweat on his forehead. Beside him, Brynn slept soundly. Her full lips were slightly parted, a few strands of hair stuck to her cheek. A sleeping beauty.

Eliot pushed back the covers and slipped out of bed quietly. Pulling on his robe, he tiptoed downstairs and went through the kitchen to the back door. It creaked loudly as he opened it, the sound the only noise in the house. Outside the moon shone brightly, high in the sky, and he walked out into the middle of the garden.

The roses in the garden had lost their color in the light of the moon, and all looked like different shades of blue. The white roses took on a tint of the moonlight, but the red roses looked nearly black under the night sky. He touched one of the red roses and pulled off one of the petals, rubbing it absentmindedly between his fingers. The air was only slightly chilly here at night.

He thought about Budapest, and why he was staying. He was here for Brynn, to offer her the opportunity to study at the Academy for her final year. She could very well finish without him there, he knew. It would only be a school year, and he would feel horrible asking her to leave Hungary and come with him. Yet he would feel horrible without her.

It wasn't just Brynn, though. He needed to finish this proof, to prove to himself that he hadn't lost all of his mathematical ability. When Brynn had come here with him, he found a new drive inside of himself that he thought he had lost. But drive wasn't enough-he needed more than that. The spark of genius that had burned brightly through his youthful days as a mathematician now had died to a low ember, and he longed to stoke the fires again, to do the work that he'd once done so easily.

He had money. It wasn't that. It was the math.

The problem had taken hold of his mind. Every day now, he found it easier to retreat into the algebra instead of talking to Brynn. She let him immerse himself in work, but it seemed that the more he surrounded himself with the math, the harder the proof became. The numbers tangled up in his head when before they had marched easily into whatever structure he was looking for. He redoubled his efforts but the problem, too, grew twice as thorny, seemed to fight even harder against his attempts to understand. The first results had come in a burst of light and inspiration, and he'd thought that the rest would slide into place easily. Not so. Brynn supported him, worked alongside him, and he tried to draw her closer while still giving her room to heal.

Last night he had put his arm around her and it had been wonderful. He wanted her so badly, but he'd taken pains to hide his desire. After all that had happened, he couldn't rush her into anything. Oh, but the touch of her skin under his fingers!

The sound of the kitchen door made him spin around.

"You left." Brynn closed the door behind her and pulled her robe tightly around her deliciously curvy body. In the moonlight, her red hair looked dark. He wanted to run his hands through it, pull her hot mouth to his...

"I needed to think," he said.

"I saw you out here," she said, coming closer to him. "But I can go back if you want to be alone."

"No, no," he said quickly. "We can go inside if you'd like."

"I like it here." She looked out toward the woods. "At night, anyway. They wouldn't come around to take pictures at night, would they?" Her eyebrows knitted together.

"It's too dark," Eliot said. Her shoulders relaxed slightly and she breathed out. So beautiful. He remembered her body, nak*d and pale. His hands caressing her skin.

"So what are you thinking about?" she asked, looking up at the stars.

"The story I told you about before," he said. He did not want to talk with her about his misgivings. She was already under enough pressure; she didn't need to deal with his insecurities. "The Little Prince."

"I'd like to read it," she said. "Maybe we can read it together. I want to know if the prince gets back to his rose."

Eliot bent and picked a rose from the bush, breaking the stalk with his fingers. The bud had just started to blossom, its petals slightly revealed at the sides. The center still hidden in the middle, dark silk readying itself for the outside world.

"He finds another rose bush," Eliot said. He held out the rose to Brynn and she took it, her fingers brushing his and causing his nerves to spark-for a second, he thought he might see lightning flash between their hands, the feeling was so strong. "It's full of roses, just like his rose. But his rose is special."

"How?" Brynn asked.

"Because it's his rose," Eliot said, remembering the story as his mother had told it to him. He should reread the book with Brynn. It had been too long. "Because he loves it."

Brynn put the flower up to her nose and inhaled, closing her eyes. Her lashes fluttered against her cheeks.

"I miss my grandmother," she said. Her voice was so quiet that Eliot leaned forward, not understanding at first.

"Your grandmother?"

Brynn looked up at him, her eyes shimmering. Was it the moonlight or tears pooling in her eyes? He could not tell until her voice caught and choked.

"I don't know...I don't know how to say..."

"It's okay," he said, pulling her to his body in a bear hug. His arms wrapped around her completely. She was so warm against his chest. He felt himself becoming aroused, and fought the sensation. "Let's go to sleep. We'll talk about it tomorrow morning." Perhaps it would be alright. Perhaps she would want to leave Hungary as well.

"Okay," she said, and the way she looked up at him so gratefully caused his guilt to rise up again. He was not good enough for her.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Brynn

Back in bed, Eliot took me in his arms, and I kissed him. He kissed me back so tenderly that my skin flushed hot. I was glad that it was dark and he could not see me redden.

I paused, and he sensed my hesitation. He drew me close to his chest and pressed his lips to the top of my forehead.

"It's late, princess," he said. "Let's go to sleep."

"Yes," I murmured. I would talk with him tomorrow about Nagyi. Relief flooded through me, and I let my body snuggle up against his. His breathing was slow and even, and soon I found myself drifting off to sleep.

The dream started off so realistically I could not tell that I was dreaming. We were in bed and Eliot kissed me hard, so hard that I could not breathe. He rolled over on top of me, began to thrust himself inside of me. Slowly at first, then harder and harder. As he thrust, he kissed me again and I gasped, all of the oxygen torn from my body. The air in the room was like fire in my lungs and we moved together. My legs wrapped around his thighs and we moved together and it was fire, fire everywhere, every square inch of me burning up in a frenzy of passionate lovemaking. Even in my dream I knew that it was not real, for I had never been so brash in bed.

He shuddered over me in what I knew was his release. I moaned, but no sound came out. The fire had died to embers and Eliot lay by my side, stroking my hair.

He looked at me as though he was uncertain of something. I sat up on the side of the bed.

"What are you doing?" Eliot asked.

"We have to leave," I said. "Follow me."

All of the rooms in the castle were the same as I walked through them, and it was only my newfound confidence that reminded me that I was still dreaming.

We went down the stairs, down to the baths that were built up around the hot springs underneath Eliot's castle. The lights of the torches were shining all around us, the gilded edges of the tub glittering. The pools of the baths were filled with white rose petals floating on the top of the water. It was a sea of white, almost like snow on top of the water.

I walked toward the pool, unconscious of my nak*dness. The water glinted in the torchlight where the petals separated. Welcoming me.

I took one step in. I could feel Eliot's breath on my neck, urging me forward. He did not touch me, but his presence was calming. My feet were warmed by the hot water of the springs. I took another step forward, and when I looked down I gasped.

The white rose petals were turning red, the color spreading outward from my feet.

"Forward," Eliot whispered, his voice faint. I stepped in farther, the water now up to my waist. My hand trailed through the rose petals and everywhere I touched the white petals turned a dark, dark red. Ripples of color spread outward from my body.

I could hear the soft murmurs of water behind me as Eliot followed me down into the baths.

"Don't look back," he said. "Whatever you do, don't look back."

One more step, and my chest was submerged. This was as deep as the baths went, but as I looked forward and saw the white petals transforming, turning red, panic seized me. My chest seemed compressed, unable to draw enough air. My feet slid across the bottom of the pool, the tile slippery, and for a moment I was so dizzy that I fell forward, losing my balance. I thought that I would drown.

"Eliot!" I caught my balance, my arms spread out in the rose petals which were now almost all red.

"It's alright," I heard him say, but his voice was farther away than before.

"Eliot!" His name echoed off of the walls of the baths, ringing again in my ears, calling out. I couldn't stay in the water without him. I needed him, I needed him there-

"ELIOT!"

My hands splashed the rose petals as I spun around to hold onto him. My prince. My protector.

He was gone. The light of the torches grew dim, and I could hear a whisper of his voice trailing away through the cavernous baths.

"Farewell," he said.

I raised my hands up to reach out, and saw that they were covered in blood. I looked down. The bathwater around me had turned to blood, the rose petals awash in dark scarlet. I screamed. Hands thrashing, I tried to move backwards, to get out of the baths, but the steps seemed no nearer as I splashed through the red petals.

"Don't look back," I heard the whisper say, and then the bottom of the baths fell away from under my feet. I was drowning, drowning-

I woke up panting, my fingers clutching the sheets damply. Beside me, Eliot slept on. I rolled to his side and held on to him, and he put his arm around me sleepily, drawing me close.

"Don't leave me," I whispered, so softly that he couldn't hear it even in his dreams.

It's easy to slay dragons. It's harder when they're in your mind. If I was living in a fairy tale, why were my nights filled with terror?

Eliot held me every night as though he wanted to make love to me. I reached out to him but pulled back always before temptation could overcome me, although I was not sure what I was afraid of. We had slept together already, many times. The first time after the attack was my first time, and Eliot made it gentle. The time after, I thought things would be different, but still he held me delicately, as though I were a rare orchid he had transported from its warm environment. Opening my petals softly.

When I retreated away from him, though, he made no attempt to keep me in his bed. His tenderness both comforted and alarmed me. Could the passion between us have been taken away so easily? I grew frightened to tempt him, for fear that he would not even notice me. I still had secrets and so did he, and those secrets, ugly and worming, slipped into the space between us.

Now every night in this Hungarian castle was filled with nightmares of my mother's death, of Clare's death, of my own. Filled with blood and pain. Even Eliot's arms could not keep away the bad dreams. I was living like a princess. An enchanted castle. A handsome prince. How could I not be grateful? And yet, I knew in my heart that I was no princess, that if Eliot tried to fit a glass slipper onto my foot it would be the wrong size, that I was only pretending. I was holding a mask up to my face that was beginning to slip, and soon everyone would know the truth, if they didn't know already. Eliot would know the truth, and he would cast me aside like any other young stupid girl who wanted more than she deserved.

So I held my secrets close to my heart, and when the dragons breathed fire down my neck I clenched my teeth and tried to forget that I wasn't happy.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Eliot

"Let us grant that the pursuit of mathematics is a divine madness of the human spirit."

Alfred North Whitehead

Eliot was in his study, struggling. The proof was impossible.

No. Not impossible. That would be better. If it were impossible, if he could prove that it was impossible, then he would be done. But every avenue he tried, every method he used, led only to uncertainty. He'd tried manipulating the equations in every way he could think of, and nothing worked.

"Meow!"

Lucky jumped up onto his desk.

"Shoo, cat," Eliot said absentmindedly, running his finger over the one line of the proof that had broken down under scrutiny and scratching absentmindedly at the scar running down his face.

"Meow." Lucky walked across the papers and sat squarely on top of Eliot's notebook. He licked his chops, his whiskers twitching, and waited to be petted.

Eliot sighed and leaned back in his chair. He stroked Lucky on the head and the little gray cat rubbed against his fingers eagerly.

"Good morning." Brynn stood in the doorway. Her eyes looked red around the rims. He knew she hadn't been sleeping well. While she slept, she whimpered and moaned. Eliot sometimes rubbed her back until she stopped making noises, but still she would toss and turn until he wrapped his arm around her tightly. Then she would wake with a frown on her face.

This morning her hair was mussed up on one side, strands of wavy red hair falling forward onto her cheeks. Her green flannel pajama shirt was hanging off of one of her shoulders, exposing her collarbone slightly under the mass of hair. She yawned, covering her mouth with the back of her fist.

"You look stunning," Eliot said, beaming.

"Right. I don't know if I would use the word stunning. Maybe shocking. Terror-inducing. Is that what you were going for?"

"Come here, beautiful." Eliot tugged her arm and pulled her onto his lap. "Distract me from this horrible proof."

"Is Lucky helping you with your work?" Brynn scratched Lucky under the chin until he started purring, then leaned back into Eliot.

"He's helping me forget how badly this is coming along," he said. "Cats don't seem to care too much about mathematical theorems."

"That's why they're so happy," Brynn said. She pulled the paper out from under Lucky's paw. Lucky licked at the pads of his paw, irritated at having been displaced. Brynn studied the page. "Linear algebra?"

"I'm working with matrices as my transformation function," he said. "It's a pretty straightforward translation from the equations to the matrix. I was hoping that it would help."

"Let me guess, it didn't?" Brynn let the paper fall back to the desk. Near the bottom were a number of substitutions, all of them scribbled out with increasingly frustrated pen marks.

Eliot laughed bitterly.

"If I was a younger man, I'd turn away from this career and take up gardening."

"Don't beat yourself up over it," Brynn said.

"The Academy board has asked to speak with me," Eliot said. It was hard to meet Brynn's inquisitive eyes. "To see if they'll let me stay on."

"Why wouldn't they?"

"The problem isn't solved, and my reputation here is causing more of a stir than they had expected."

"But you didn't do anything!" Brynn flushed in anger.

"They don't know that," Eliot said, defending the board despite himself. "They're risking a lot, and if I don't produce any results, they'll drop me."

"Do you really care? You don't need the money, right?" Her voice had a strange tone to it.

"No, it's not that. It's just..." How could he explain? "Brynn, when I was younger, I was brilliant. Every problem I touched...the solution came easily to me. Like I was wading through water. Now I'm stuck in mud."

"You'll get it," she said.

"Maybe."

She had so much faith in him. He found it hard to find the same faith in himself.

Brynn stood, leaning forward to pet Lucky. The tiny ball of light gray fur rolled onto his back and closed his eyes contentedly. She yawned again, this time against her shoulder, and sighed deeply, still scratching the kitten's belly.

She was so tired. Poor Brynn. He had been so mired in his own issues that he hadn't reached out to her. Guilt washed over him.

"What's wrong? More nightmares?"

"No. I mean yes, but no. That's not the problem." Brynn's brows pinched together above her nose. "I tried to tell you earlier."

"What is it?"

Brynn swallowed, looking unsure about whether or not to speak.

"My grandmother. She just lost her insurance for the medication she needs, and she doesn't have the money to pay for it."

"How much does she need?"

Brynn looked up at him, her eyes glazed with tears.

"It's a lot. Thousands of dollars. I didn't want to ask you-"

Eliot stood and swept Brynn into his arms, kissing her on the top of the head.

"Brynn, don't ever hesitate to ask for that."

"But it's so much!" She fidgeted in his arms and he buried his face in her beautiful hair.

"Money's no good sitting in the bank doing nothing. If I had known that was what was worrying you..."

"I don't want to be a burden. I don't want you to think that I'm just here for that."

"For what?"

"Because you're rich. I don't want to owe you."

Eliot laughed. He kissed her nose, her cheek, her ear.

"I owe you more than I can say," he said.

"You know what I mean," Brynn said quietly.

"And you know that I love you," he said. "Anything you want, anything I can give, I give it gladly."

Brynn didn't say anything, but when Eliot looked down at her face, he saw that she was choked up. Embarrassed at making her embarrassed, he pulled her in closely for another hug.

"Now I have to get back to being stuck on this problem. Can you get Lucky off of my papers?"

"Lucky, come here." Brynn picked up the tiny cat, who promptly nestled into her arms and began a loud purr.

"I'll teach him some math," Brynn said. She crossed the study in a few steps and stopped in front of the window. The early morning chill had left a fog on the glass, and she used one finger to draw shapes on the windowpane.

"This is a circle. This is a square. This is a triangle." Eliot pulled his chair back up to his work, but the sight of Brynn's silhouette against the pale light coming in through the window gave him pause. He let his eyes travel over the line of her body, over the sensual curves of her h*ps that could be seen only faintly through the robe.

"Let's add some smaller triangles to the sides," she said, using her pinky finger to draw the lines in. Her voice grew fainter, more absentminded, as she drew. "Then some more smaller triangles, and more, infinitely many."

"Do you know what shape that is?" she whispered, kissing the top of Lucky's head. Lucky's ear twitched, but there was no other sign that he knew the answer to her question, and she answered it for him. "That's a Koch snowflake!"

Eliot's mouth twitched upward into a grin. He tapped his pen on the edge of the table. Lucky's ear twitched again at the noise.

"Pretty advanced stuff for a first lesson," he said.

"You're supposed to be working." Brynn didn't even turn around from the window; she kept drawing her triangles.

"I'm working," he said. "It's the proof that isn't working. Snowflakes in June?"

"It's my favorite shape," Brynn said. She continued to add in triangles, smaller and smaller, until she was drawing them with just her fingernail.

"Why? Because it looks like a snowflake?"

"No". Lucky licked her chin and she tossed her hair behind her head, defiantly, it seems. "Because it's bounded. I remember the first time I learned about them-the teacher drew a circle around the first triangle and said that the snowflake would always fit inside. The area is finite. But the perimeter-"

"The perimeter is infinite."

"It's infinity inside of something that isn't infinite. Like the Gabriel's Horn paradox. It goes on forever and ever inside of a little tiny nothing."

"It's a pretty nice paradox," Eliot said. "Your finger will run out of space on that window soon."

"I know it's just because we're thinking about it wrong," Brynn said, still drawing. She concentrated on the triangles, her tongue poking slightly between her lips. Eliot wanted to kiss her. "A line doesn't have any kind of dimension, not even a molecule wide. We can't think about things in the right way to understand them. That's why math is so nice. It gives us a different way of thinking about things. More abstract."

"That's why people hate math," Eliot said. Even his students who were math majors objected sometimes. Too abstract. Too non-intuitive. Too paradoxical.

"They're wrong," Brynn said, laughing. "It's beautiful. And there is no paradox, is there?" She reached up and added a tiny triangle onto the top of the snowflake. "We're just thinking in the wrong dimension."

"Would you like me to make you pancakes for breakfast?" Eliot asked. "They'll have finite area, I promise."

"I'd rather have infinite pancakes," Brynn said, "but I have to go. I'm supposed to meet Csilla's mom at the police station."

"Oh, of course," Eliot said. He did not know what else to say, so he hugged her close. He wanted to do more, to say more, but he couldn't find the words.

"Thank you," Brynn said. "I'll be back sometime later today." She gave a small smile. "I expect you to have the proof completely solved by then!"

"I'll do my best," Eliot said. "I love you."

"I love you too."

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Brynn

Brynn went into the office. Csilla's mom was there. She didn't seem drunk, although there were bags under her eyes, covered with heavy makeup.

"Mrs. Deveny?"

She saw me looking at her and turned away too quickly.

She motioned for me to follow her back, and I did, down the hallway where people turned to look at me. I kept my face turned straight ahead. I didn't know if they recognized me as the girl from the tabloids, or if they had been talking about me behind my back.

Mrs. Deveny led the way back to the end of the hall and down the stairs. The stairway was green with fluorescent light, and we came down into a room lit only by emergency lights. Mrs. Deveny flipped the switch and the lamps flickered on overhead, their cold light alien and sterile as a hospital's. The room was larger than I had expected - the shelves were taller than my head, and stretched back far enough that I thought the room might take up the entire space below the police station. All of the shelves were packed full with cardboard boxes behind a metal grating.

"We run the filing offices for everyone in Budapest," she said, seeing my surprise. "There's a backlog of information from solved and unsolved cases."

"You don't put anything online?"

"We try," she said. "Nowadays. When was your mother killed?"

"Thirteen years ago," I said. My voice sounded shaky. I coughed into my hand and pretended that the burning in my eyes was from the dust that hung in the cold air.

"We didn't start digitizing records until just a few years ago," she said. She ignored the tremble in my voice, for which I was thankful. "The government offices are, as always, behind the times."

She brought me back through the shelves, winding her way along the corridors. My eyes wandered over the names which labeled the boxes, all in Hungarian. Again and again I saw the Hungarian word I'd learned from searching for my mother online: gyilkossag. Murder.

It was as though I'd stumbled upon a gruesome treasure trove, one filled with horrors rather than coins. Mrs. Deveny strode quickly to the center of one aisle and shook her keys from her pocket. Unlocking the fastener on the shelf, she pulled the metal grate open and pushed the front box aside. A cloud of dust rose from the top of the cardboard boxes and hovered in the thin light.

"Two boxes," she said, pulling out the first crate. I swallowed as I read the name on the side of the box. Katalin Tomlin. It made me shudder. Even seeing her name on the gravestone had not affected me so much. I hoped that Mrs. Deveny would leave me alone. I couldn't imagine digging through the boxes of evidence for my mother's murder with her standing over me.

"You take one, I'll take the other," she said. "There's a table in the back. You can look at the evidence there."

I walked, carrying the box in front of me. It carried all my mother's secrets-the secret to how she was killed. I thought to myself that perhaps I would find some kind of clue that would lead me to the killer. Then I thought that I was being silly.

I marched forward bravely. The table was in a holding cell of some kind, surrounded by walls of glass or hard plastic.

"You have to stay in here while looking at the evidence," Mrs. Deveny said, setting the box on the table with a hard thunk. Puffs of dust lifted from the surface. So much dust. Like snow, almost. With the glass walls all around me, it seemed as though I was inside one of those snow globes.

Mrs. Deveny pulled the top off of one of the boxes. Overstuffed files were crammed inside of the box, manila folders full of paper.

"I'll be back in a bit," she said. "The door will lock automatically behind me; if there's an emergency or if you're ready to leave, just press the call button here."

"Should I-is there some kind of order I need to keep the papers in?" I would try my best to keep the files as they were, but it looked as though they had been stuffed in at random.

Mrs. Deveny shrugged her shoulders.

"It doesn't really matter. They're not in any kind of order anyway, we've pulled them out for so many different investigators out now. Just don't make too much of a mess."

"I'll try not to," I said, but she was already turning to go.

I pulled out the first folder of papers and sat down at the table. Taking a deep breath, I wondered if I should really be doing this. The mystery of my mother's death had haunted me for so long; would the reality be worse?

"Well, I'm already having nightmares," I said to myself. Still, my fingers shook as I opened the first folder.

I'd been terrified for nothing. The first few pages were simply paperwork about a lead on a previous case that hadn't turned up anything. I read through the entire document before realizing that it was pretty close to useless, as far as understanding how my mother had died. Lots of phone numbers and addresses, and writeups of a couple of interviews with people who knew absolutely nothing. Twenty minutes later, I felt I'd wasted my time on a folder of bureaucratic red tape. There was too much to go through to peruse all of the documents in detail. I would have to skim some of the stuff, or I'd never be out of there. At the same time, I didn't want to miss anything. I sighed, closing the folder and digging into the box to pull out another one. It might take a while, but I owed it to my mother to take my time.

The minutes passed into hours, and some of the documents actually gave me a better idea of where exactly her body had been found. I made a note of it to check out later. I yawned, covering my mouth with one hand. If only I had thought to pick up a cup of coffee when I was upstairs in the police station. I blinked hard, focusing on the chronology of the evidence file that seemed to stretch down the page forever.

When I turned the page, though, the breath left my lungs and my hand rose to my mouth, stifling a scream. Adrenaline pulsed through me and I found my gaze darting from one corner of the room to the other, then back to the file.

It was a photo of my mother. No, not my mother. My mother's body. I understood now what Csilla's mom had meant by her words to me.

When you see the documents, you'll understand.

This was not a normal death by drowning.

No, the killer had not just murdered my mother. In the picture, she was lying on the morgue table, already cold. The blood had been washed away in the river Danube. But the cuts remained.

Hundreds and hundreds of small cuts, all over her body. Mutilating her skin. A sob rose into my throat and I opened my mouth, but nothing came out. The rest of the room seemed to grow darker as I peered down at the photograph, and into my sorrow twisted a fierce anger. Hot tears wetted my cheeks but I ignored them. Curiosity had led me down into this place. Why? Why?

I had found peace at my mother's grave. Why had I come back here? What had I hoped to find?

I slammed the file shut before my tears could smear the photograph. I stood quickly, and went to the door. Locked. Right. I pushed the call button on the wall. My fingers tapped against the glass impatiently. I peered back over my shoulder at the box, as though the file itself had teeth and was ready to bite. I pushed the button again and turned, my body pressed back against the glass, a cornered animal of prey. Csilla's mom finally answered.

"Brynn? Are you finished?"

"Let me out," I whispered, my voice a moment away from cracking. "Let me out of here."

CHAPTER NINETEEN

Eliot

"If there's no struggle, there's no progress."

Frederick Douglass

Eliot worked at his desk, racking his mind for ideas. He'd been forced to abandon the idea of using transformation matrices to represent the equations. None of the paths he tried led to success, and by the time the afternoon sun came filtering in through the window, he was lying back on the couch, staring at the ceiling.

"No..." he murmured, contemplating the way the crack in one of the ceiling rafters disappeared under the plaster walls. "That wouldn't work either."

Lucky jumped up on his chest and stared at him. Eliot stared back. Normally the kitten only came to get petted when Eliot was at his desk. Now, looking at each other in mute concentration, they faced off.

"Who will win the battle of wills?" Eliot whispered. Lucky's nose twitched, but he continued staring down at the human underneath him. Eliot stared back and stuck his tongue out at the small cat. Lucky tilted his head slightly, confused.

"Okay, you win," Eliot said. He reached out and stroked the diamond of white fur on top of Lucky's head. Lucky rubbed against his hand and then flopped down in triumph on top of Eliot's chest. His paws batted at one of Eliot's shirt buttons. The little plastic button held fast.

"I don't suppose you know another way to represent this set of equations, do you?" Eliot said, scratching the kitten under the chin. Lucky purred and then bit softly at Eliot's finger.

"Silly little thing," Eliot said, stroking Lucky's back. Since he'd never grown a beard, Eliot thought that maybe stroking a cat's fur would be equivalent, at least when it came to inspiration. Lucky didn't want to be petted, though; he wanted to play. The kitten rolled onto his back and kicked at Eliot's hand, then licked it.

"You don't know a damn thing about transformation functions, do you? Do you, you little rascal?" Eliot dangled his pen over Lucky's belly. Lucky was at once distracted by the pen, gnawing on the cap with gusto.

"You don't even know what a number is! Or a shape! Brynn is going to have so much to teach you..."

Eliot's words trailed off as he looked at his window. The light coming through illuminated the streaks left behind by Brynn's finger, and he saw the outline of a snowflake.

In his mind echoed her words about the snowflake's paradox.

We're just thinking in the wrong dimension.

The wrong dimension.

Eliot bolted upright, and Lucky jumped off of his chest, meowing in consternation. Eliot ignored him, moving quickly to sit down at his desk. The cat twined itself around Eliot's ankles, but Eliot's pen was already flying across the page.

Would it work? If the equations were generalized out as matrices...

He lost himself in the numbers. Lucky sat on his feet but his mind had already disappeared into abstraction. There it was. No, not possible. But yes, the substitutions worked out, and the inductive step held. He checked his work, then rechecked it, unwilling to accept that the proof had come together so quickly.

"That's it," Eliot said. It was a sketch of a proof, to be sure. There was still work to be done at the end, cleaning up all the loose ends. But that was the key.

He sat back and brought the page up to his eyes, scanning the crucial step. Lucky jumped up onto his lap and butted his head under the paper, crinkling the work.

"Lucky, thank you," Eliot said. "You're a lifesaver! We have to tell Brynn!" He hugged the kitten close.

Lucky, unsure of what to do with this newfound affection, bit Eliot's ear. And Eliot didn't even mind.

That night would be a celebration. Eliot booked a table at the fanciest restaurant in Budapest, a swanky little place downtown overlooking the river. He left a message telling Brynn to have her hair done and get dressed up, and that he would be by to pick her up later. Then he went to Otto's barber to get a haircut and a shave.

Perfect. Everything was perfect. His mood lifted, and he didn't even take any mind of the people on the sidewalks who swiveled their heads to watch him pass. Let them watch. Let them all watch and be envious. Eliot had a beautiful woman to take out tonight and a new theorem to his name! Budapest seemed bright and warm with activity, and Eliot soaked in all of it.

Brynn seemed quiet when Eliot picked her up at the house. She was gorgeous, wearing a light blue dress that came down to her knees. Her hair was pinned up in a loose bun, strands of it falling around her neck in gossamer ornamentation.

"You're beautiful," he said, and kissed her. She smiled, but the smile did not reach her eyes.

"Did you get the money sent to your grandmother?" he asked.

"Yes," she said, her eyelashes fluttering on her cheeks. "She's very grateful. Thank you."

"Of course," he said, and kissed the top of her head. She did not say any more, and Eliot changed the subject to something lighter. He chatted until they reached the restaurant, keeping the silences between them to a minimum. Perhaps she would warm up after she heard what he had done with the proof.

"Would you like to know what we're celebrating?" he asked, once they had been seated. The champagne he'd ordered sat on the table, and he popped the cork himself, pouring them both a glass. The bubbles rose in the golden liquid and broke at the surface.

"What are we celebrating?" Brynn asked. She smiled tightly.

"The proof," Eliot said, beaming. "I thought I wasn't making any headway on it, but you gave me an idea. Looking at the equations as matrices, with an extra dimension added in."

"That would increase the variable set," Brynn said, a crease between her eyebrows forming. "Wouldn't that make the induction harder?"

"Only at first," Eliot said, excitement pumping through him. "It all simplifies out."

He pulled out the folded paper from his pocket and showed it to Brynn. She looked through the proof, her eyes moving sharply from one line to the next. Occasionally she stopped to reread a piece of the mathematics. But she read silently. Eliot was close to bursting with anticipation by the time she had finished reading it. She didn't look up; she merely folded the paper back up and let it dangle in between her hands. Her eyes watched the paper move as though it was a snowflake, with no sign of comprehension in them.

"Isn't it incredible?" Eliot asked. "It's so close to being finished!"

"Incredible," Brynn murmured. She let the paper flutter down to the white tablecloth. Eliot could see a smudge of ink on her forearm. He leaned to wipe it off and she recoiled, her chair scratching the floor. Two women at a nearby table turned to see who had made the noise.

"What's the matter?" Eliot asked. "Why are you-"

"I'm sorry," Brynn said. She waved her hand toward the scenic view of the Danube." I can't think with the river..."

"The river?" Eliot didn't understand.

"It's right there." Her hand waved out to the windows of the restaurant.

"Brynn..." Eliot trailed off before remembering where she'd come from. "Did you see something at the police station today? What happened?"

"It's nothing," she said, her fingers pressed underneath her lower eyelids, as though she could dam up the tears. She'd been crying more and more lately, and Eliot was never certain he knew the reason why. "I didn't want to bring it up."

"Then why did you bring it up?" Eliot asked, more than a little irritated. The irritation must have shown to Brynn, whose face fell even further.

"I didn't mean to," Brynn said, the stresses on her words growing more pointed. "But you brought me here-"

"Here? This is the nicest restaurant in Budapest, according to-"

"Where I can see the river," Brynn said.

"The river goes through the whole city," Eliot countered. "All of the best places are here. It's right next to the Academy, for God's sake!"

"Today has been hard for me, Eliot."

"Every day is hard for you."

The words came out before he even knew what he was saying. He was lashing out because he was upset that she didn't care at all about the proof, didn't care about how excited he was. Didn't care about him, in other words. For the first time, he thought that Brynn might be staying with him out of some desperate need for money. Because her grandmother needed it-what could be a better reason than that? And she had pulled away from him physically...

The thought hit him in the gut, and he lifted his glass of champagne to his lips to hide his sudden doubt. But Brynn's eyes were as sharp as an eagle's, and she caught the expression. The taste of the champagne was cloying, more fizz than anything else. He put his glass back down on the table and pressed his lips together. One finger slid around the rim of the champagne glass as he sat there, unsure of what to say to repair the damage. Unsure even whether the crack was fixable, or had split the foundation.

"I'm sorry, Eliot," Brynn said suddenly. "I can't stay here."

"It's alright," Eliot said. "I understand perfectly."

He pulled her chair out and helped her with her coat. The other dining room patrons watched them with a surreptitious curiosity: the couple in the newspapers, the ones everyone was talking about. They came to dinner and did not eat a thing, only drank champagne. How strange. It would be gossip later.

The world around Eliot came burgeoning into his mind as an unwelcome drifting of paranoid, self-conscious thought. He was numb to happiness, he realized. He did not even know if Brynn loved him. Perhaps she only needed the money. He would give her the money, then, and also give her a choice. It would be her decision to stay or go, based on nothing else.

Brynn was silent as they walked toward the restaurant's exit. She wiped at her eyes resolutely and did not look anywhere but at the space directly in front of her feet. Her jaw was locked firmly shut, her lips pursed. The sidewalk outside was lighted all along the blocks with signage, so much so that the stars were invisible overhead. Eliot held the door open for her, because he was a gentleman and because there was nothing else that he could do.

CHAPTER TWENTY

Brynn

Budapest had turned into a hell for me. Whenever I went to the Academy to study, I saw the Danube on my way and could not breathe. At night I could not erase the image from my mind of my mother's body, mutilated. Eliot asked me what was wrong, and I did not know how to tell him. How could I describe the way her limbs bent back in the photograph? How every inch of her skin was cut, carved up by someone who might still be walking around the city?

I couldn't tell him this, because once you tell a story once, it exists forever, and I was afraid that mentioning the killer might set him upon me. Putting words out into the world is a dangerous act, and I was not ready for it. Or maybe I was ready, and I just wasn't brave enough.

Eliot did not put his arm around me last night, though I leaned against his shoulder. My breast pressed into his arm and I thought his breathing came faster, but he did not open his eyes and I knew that he was angry.

Two days later, after a hushed breakfast of pancakes and syrup, I got a call from Csilla.

"You want her attention? You have it."

She hung up.

"Who was that?" Eliot asked."

"Wrong number, probably," I said. I tucked the phone into my pocket and excused myself from breakfast. In the bathroom, I called Csilla back but she didn't answer. Her voicemail sounded especially smug, but I might have been imagining it.

Ten minutes later, the phone lit up again.

"Hello?"

"Brynn?"

"Yes?"

"This is Mrs. Deveny. There's been another murder."

"A murder?" For a moment, I was completely confused. Why was I being informed about this? Csilla's mom answered my unspoken question.

"They think it's the man who killed your mother. It was the same...the same method he used."

"Method?" Was that how she described it? The cuts down her arms and legs in staccato succession? I opened the window shutter and blinked into the early morning light, the phone held tight against my ear.

"Brynn, I hate to ask this of you, but can you come down to the station?"

"When? Right now?".

"You're the last person to review the case. With such a coincidence, there are a few people who want to talk to you."

A flash of realization lit up inside me, and I stepped back from the window.

"Am I... am I being questioned?"

"No," Csilla's mom said, although her voice was hesitant. "Well, in a way. We only want to know who you talked with about this."

"Nobody," I said. My fingers hurt from clutching the phone so tightly and I switched ears, stretching my fingers out and trying to relax my muscles.

"Nobody? Not even a friend? Not even Dr. Herceg?" She was skeptical.

"Nobody," I repeated. "I'll be down there soon."

The phone screen went dark and I closed the window shutter, turning away from outside. I hadn't told anyone, and I should have. I shouldn't keep all of this bottled up inside of me. It wasn't fair to anyone, least of all to Eliot. He didn't deserve that.

CHAPTER TWENTY ONE

Eliot

"As for everything else, so for mathematical theory: beauty can be perceived but not explained."

Arthur Cayley

The cafe near the Academy was tucked away into a tiny corner of one of the alleys near the Danube. It wasn't the sort of place Marta would normally come to meet him for lunch, but Eliot had decided that he valued his privacy more than his sister-in-law's reputation. She was late, but then again she was always late.

Eliot finished his last run through of the typed-up proof, and, on a lark, wrote at the bottom in large letters: "QED." His pen blotted on the final letter and he laid it down on top of the papers.

Quod erat demonstrandum. That which was to be determined. Well, he had determined it, alright. He'd gone through the whole damn thing four times now, and he couldn't find any holes. This was the proof he'd been working towards determining for-lord, for years now, and he was finally finished with it. The long slog through equations was over, and these last few pages of cleaned up mathematics represented the whole of his effort. The mathematical community would be thrilled with the result. He'd likely have invitations for new papers, lectures, guest fellowships. It was the kind of culminating achievement that most people spent their lifetimes struggling towards, and he had achieved it before turning forty.

Then why did he feel so unfulfilled?

Brynn had been distancing herself from Eliot and from the math over the past few days, and there was only one possible explanation that he could come up with: she had fallen out of love with him. She slept in his bed still but he had quit making any sexual overtures during the night, which seemed just fine with her. The end of the semester was nearing and the deadline for her graduation application was coming up.

"What is this? Still working?" Marta bent over Eliot's shoulder and kissed him on the cheek. She sat across from him and slung her purse over the back of the iron-wrought cafe chair.

"Just a final pass through," Eliot said. "The presentation with the board is at noon."

"Well, thank you for keeping close with your non-genius family members," Marta said. "I hope you'll remember us all when you're rich and famous." She smiled, tossing her perfectly coiffed hair over one shoulder.

"Speaking of rich and famous," Eliot said, "how is Otto doing?"

"That's why I wanted to meet with you," Marta said. "I have no idea what to do for his birthday coming up." The waiter came over and she ordered a mimosa.

"You must be in a terribly good mood," Eliot said, after the man had left.

"Why's that?"

"You didn't complain about the brand of champagne," Eliot said, smiling faintly.

"Oh, come," Marta said, fluttering one hand in the air. "I'm trying to be less picky."

"Why is Otto celebrating a birthday? He hates birthdays, and he already has everything he wants."

"What do you think about throwing a golf charity tournament for his birthday? He enjoys golf."

"Do you want to be in charge of waking him up for tee time on his birthday?" Eliot asked, raising an eyebrow.

"No, you're right," Marta said. The mimosa came to the table and she lifted the glass, frowning at the water spots on the rim. To Eliot's relief, she set the glass back down on the table and didn't mention anything to the waiter. "Then what do I do?"

"You could have a quiet get together with just you and him," Eliot said. "A romantic birthday?"

"Ha!" Marta threw her head back to laugh. "He would kill me. Are you trying to get me killed by my husband?"

"Otto doesn't do quiet very well, does he?" Eliot said, cupping his chin in his hand.

"He doesn't do romantic well," Marta said, her eyes losing focus off in the distance. "That's more your territory, Eliot."

"Hardly!"

Eliot laughed once, a bitter laugh. He tried to catch himself, but Marta's attention caught on his tone.

"How is your girl?" she asked more seriously.

"She's not my girl," Eliot said. "At least, she isn't anymore."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"I don't think she wants to stay with me."

"Why? She's head over heels for you! You're still living together, yes?"

"Yes."

"Still sleeping together?"

"Marta-"

"What? I have a vested interest in my brother-in-law's happiness. And I like Brynn. She's a good girl."

"I like her, too," Eliot said, bending his forehead to his clasped hands. "But it's all falling apart. Maybe it's all the work I've been doing. I haven't been focusing on her."

"Why would she stay with you if she didn't love you?" Marta asked.

Eliot's throat closed up at the question and he bent his head down, his eyes burning. No. He would not show that sort of emotion in public. He swallowed and looked up.

"For all the normal reasons," he said. The irony in his voice was forced.

"Maybe she's not mature enough for you," Marta said. "She's young. She might just want to date around."

"I'm too much of a romantic, then," Eliot said. "I thought that we were meant for each other at first. That it was true love."

"She's not romantic enough for you," Marta said. "Is that it?"

"Romance is dead," Eliot said. "Romance leads to heartbreak."

"No," Marta said. "You don't believe that."

"She needs something more," Eliot said, continuing on. Now that the dam had cracked, all of his insecurity came out in a flood. "Somebody to make her forget her past. To help her heal. Especially after what happened. I don't know if I can do all that."

"It's not your job to save her," Marta said.

"I'm not trying to-"

Eliot's phone buzzed in his pocket, and he pulled it out to turn it off, but the call was international. From America.

"I have to take this," he said to Marta. She nodded and sipped at her mimosa gingerly.

"Hello?" Eliot said in English.

"Hello? Dr. Herceg?" The voice was older, a female voice.

"That's me," Eliot said.

"Are you in charge of the mathematics internship program at the Budapest Academy of Sciences?" the woman asked.

"Yes, I am," Eliot said. "Who is this?"

"I'm trying to get in touch with a-ah, Brynn Tomlin."

"She's part of the program here," Eliot said, worry creeping into his voice. Maybe Brynn had talked with somebody about her relationship with Eliot. He certainly didn't want any more trouble. "Who is this?"

"I'm a dean at Pasadena University," the woman said. "There's a family emergency."

"Family emergency?" Eliot's stomach jumped at the words. "What emergency? Is it her grandmother?"

The dean paused.

"I'm sorry, but I need to talk personally with Brynn."

"You have her cell phone number, don't you?"

"She's not answering her phone."

Eliot looked at his watch. There was only a half hour before he was supposed to meet with the board.

"I'll find her," Eliot said. "Can you call me if you get in touch with her before I do?"

"Of course," the dean said. Eliot hung up. Marta had a quizzical look on her face.

"Sorry," Eliot said. "It's something to do with Brynn's family."

"Her grandmother?" Marta asked.

"Her grandmother is sick," Eliot said, dialing the number to the Academy. His fingers hesitated over the numbers, his mind clouded with emotion. "I hope everything is alright. Hello? Professor Martin? I'm looking for a student of mine."

Eliot waited while the professor left the phone to look for Brynn. Marta sat graciously in silence. She was the perfect diplomat's wife, Eliot thought, calm and unruffled under any normal circumstances. He thought about the fire in the salon, about how she had panicked. A long way from the stylish, poised woman sitting in front of him.

Strange, that. Women went through hell and patched themselves up so that you wouldn't even notice. Eliot wasn't sure whether to be impressed or put off by their resilience.

"Hello?" The voice on the phone was not the professor's.

"Who is this?" Eliot said.

"It's Mark." The voice resolved in Eliot's mind as the name came into his ear.

"Mark? Is Brynn there?"

"They said you were looking for her. I think she's probably at the police station. Csilla just told me there was another murder."

"A murder?"

Marta's ears perked up at Eliot's conversation, and he shook his head helplessly.

"They think it might be the same person who did it."

"Who did what?"

"Killed Brynn's mom. Do you want me to call her?"

"She's not answering," Eliot said. His mind was buzzing. A murder? "Maybe she has her phone turned off. I'll go find her."

"What did you need her for?" Mark said. "I heard you guys were almost done with the proof. Is it done?"

"What? Oh, the proof." In the midst of everything, Eliot had almost forgotten about the proof. "Yes. Yes, I'll be presenting it today. I have to go."

He hung up as the boy was in the middle of saying goodbye and stood up from the table.

"I have to go," he repeated, picking up all of his papers and stuffing them into a pile under his arm. "I'm sorry, Marta-"

"Not at all," Marta said. She threw a bill on the table; Eliot knew it would cover their whole bill. "We can talk later about Otto's party. Eliot?"

"Yes?" Eliot was tense, ready to run.

"Take care of yourself," Marta said, tucking his pen into his jacket pocket. "And don't stop being a romantic."

CHAPTER TWENTY TWO

Brynn

I had not understood this part of being an expatriate, and an American expatriate to boot: that my nationality would be questioned near daily. I had never quite been an extrovert, and this was all the more incentive for me to retreat into hermitage. I stayed indoors and rarely ventured out into the world. This world had proved dangerous, and it was hard for me to trust again that fate would lead me the right way. Eliot had promised to protect me, but he stayed away from me, retreating into his work. My fault, to love a brilliant man? Or his fault, not to cut me loose once he had stopped loving me?

When I did go outside, it was to the Academy, and I stayed close to Mark and even to Csilla, who had iced her attitude towards me so that we spoke in mathematics to each other and little else. She seemed to delight in proving me wrong, and although at first it was frustrating, I began to realize that the faster she proved my incorrect avenues of inquiry wrong, the faster I could move on to the next one. She grew ever more visibly frustrated when I accepted her criticisms enthusiastically, but she pushed me to burn through the proof mechanisms at a faster pace. .

The police station was swarming with people when I arrived. Before, Csilla's mom had led me through the station quietly. Now, though, dozens of policemen talked loudly, the Hungarian words swarming in the air around my ears. I pulled my red hoodie over my head and tried to muffle the sound of the crowd, all foreign and aimed at me, or so the paranoid side of my brain would have me believe. But I swore I heard the name Herceg more than once, and American - that was a word I knew all too well.

It was only when she called me for the third time that I realized Mrs. Deveny was standing in the doorway of an office, calling my name.

"Brynn!"

"Yes?" I walked forward amid the strange gazes of strangers who had seen my picture somewhere and recognized me. Did they know me as the girl whose mother had been killed thirteen years ago? Did they know me as the girl hanging around with the notorious Dr. Eliot Herceg? Or worse, did they know me as the person who was there to be questioned, the only person with any ties to this recent murder?

"Come in," Mrs. Deveny said. The coolness in her voice reminded me of the first time I had met her, in her apartment. The glaze in her eyes confirmed my suspicions-she had been drinking, and recently. She turned away from my eyes as though she knew what I was seeing.

"These men want to ask you some questions," she said. "Can I have your phone and any other electronics you might have?"

"Um, sure," I said.

"You don't have any recording equipment?" she asked.

"No," I said, growing more confused as I handed her my phone.

"There you go," she said. "They're ready for you."

There were two officers standing inside next to a table. One of them was tall, middle-aged, with a pinched face and angry eyes. The other one was fat and kept rubbing his cheek with one hand like he had a toothache. The tall man said something in Hungarian that I couldn't understand, and Csilla's mom replied quickly. She left and closed the door behind her.

The door shut with a hard clang, and the loud chatter of the office outside was muted in an instant. I was all alone with the two officers. The tall man said something else, this time to me, still frowning.

"Sit down," the fat officer said in a heavy accent. I took a step forward and pulled out the chair. The metal legs scraped over the tile floor, and when I sat down the chair was chilly against my back. The fluorescent light overhead was so bright that it made me squint. I realized that I was going to be interrogated. The tall man said something else.

"Sajnalom, en nem beszelek jol magyarul," I said slowly, careful to pronounce the words correctly. I'm sorry, I don't speak Hungarian very well.

The tall officer looked up in surprise and then spoke quickly to the fat man.

"It's alright," the fat one said, rubbing at his cheek again. "I will translate."

"So," the tall officer said, leaning over the desk. "What is your name?"

"Brynn Tomlin."

"And when did you arrive in this country?"

They asked me question after question about my mother, her death, and why I was in Hungary. I showed them my student visa and explained as best as I could. The translating officer stumbled over some of the mathematical explanations I gave about the work I was doing in Budapest.

"And your relationship with Eliot Herceg?"

I looked up. The tall man looked at me knowingly, and a chill ran over my knees. I clasped my hands in my lap.

"Yes? What about it?" I asked, trying to keep my cool. There was no reason to be argumentative.

"Is the nature of your relationship sexual?"

I flushed hard.

"That doesn't seem to be any of your business," I said, as politely as I could.

"Has he given you anything?"

"Given me anything?"

"Yes, after your relationship began. Has he given you money? Presents?"

"I don't see what that has to do with anything."

"We have records which show a bank transfer to an American account from Dr. Herceg."

"And?" My heart was pounding. I didn't want Eliot to get mixed up in any of this.

"So he has given you money. You and your family."

"Yes!" The word came out strained. "Yes, he has been very kind."

"Did you tell him about the evidence you examined the other day?" The tall man began the question before I had finished answering the other one. It seemed that he understood some of my English, after all.

"No," I said.

"Not at all?"

"Nem!" I said. No.

"Why not?"

"I...I don't know," I said. I sucked in my cheeks. "I didn't want to talk about it."

The tall man walked around the table and stood above me. I crossed my legs and stared up at him defiantly. He wouldn't intimidate me with his size. He spoke slowly, his eyes locked on mine, while the other man translated.

"You are sleeping with a man. Living with a man. He has given you tens of thousands of dollars in money and presents. And you don't talk to him about the evidence you spent eight hours examining that day?"

"I didn't want to talk about it," I repeated.

"You told nobody about the evidence."

"Nobody!" How many times did they want me to repeat it?

The policeman threw a photo down on the table in front of me. My eyes widened as the image came into focus. It was another woman. Cut up, just as my mother had been cut up.

"Do you know this woman?" the officer asked. I shook my head no. I couldn't take my eyes off of the photo. Her face was calm, the eyes closed. Almost peaceful.

"Do you know who killed this woman?"

"No," I said.

"Do you know who killed your mother?"

I turned my gaze up to the officer and spoke evenly.

"If I knew who killed my mother, he would already be dead."

A knock on the door broke the officer's gaze. The buzz of office noise flooded the interrogation room as the door slammed open and Eliot appeared in the doorway.

"Brynn!" he said. He looked at the two officers. "What is all this?" He spoke quickly to the tall officer. They exchanged harsh words, and finally the officer left the room with a brisk stride.

"They have no right to keep you here," Eliot said to me, putting his hand on my shoulder. "Let me get a lawyer for you. Surely she's not being held?"

"No," the officer said to Eliot.

"Not being detained in any way?"

The officer swallowed.

"No."

"How did you know I was here?" I asked.

"Mark told me," Eliot said. "I was looking for you. The dean from your university is trying to call you."

"Sorry," I said. "They took my phone from me when I came into the station."

"It's about your grandmother," Eliot said, his voice low.

"My-what about her?"

"I don't know," Eliot said.

"Is she okay?" My voice was rising, and I didn't know how to stop it. All of the worry that I had been keeping cooped up was spilling out of me, and panic gripped my throat.

"I don't know," Eliot said. "They wouldn't tell me anything. Brynn, I have to go."

"Go?" My world was crumbling around me. My mother's killer was out there, stalking around Budapest unknown. Something had happened with my grandmother. And now Eliot was abandoning me.

"I have the presentation," he said. "In ten minutes. I have to get back to the Academy."

"Okay," I said. I couldn't blink, couldn't form a complete sentence.

"Call the dean," he said. "Let me know if you need anything."

"Okay," I whispered. "Go."

"I'll see you afterward."

Eliot squeezed my hand once. He didn't kiss me, only touched his fingers to mine in that brief moment. When he looked back from the doorway, there was worry in his eyes. Then he was gone.

The tall officer passed him and came back into the doorway, Csilla's mom accompanying him. He did not meet my eyes.

"There's nothing else we need from you," she said. "You're free to go."

She handed me my phone and I murmured a thank you that was inaudible under the chatter of the policemen around the office. Eyes followed me out of the police station as I pushed my way past the desks and through the crowded hallway, and I was thankful to be outside with space around me to breathe. There were three messages on my phone, but I didn't have the patience to listen to them. I dialed the dean's number that Eliot had given me and breathed deeply as the phone rang once, then twice, then three times. The phone picked up with a sharp crack of the connection. Stupid old phone. I had been too stubborn to let Eliot replace it for me.

"Brynn?"

She had been waiting for me to call.

"Yes?" I asked, not wanting to hear the answer.

"Brynn, I have some bad news about your grandmother."

"What is it?" In my head a pounding: tell me, just tell me; tell me; just tell me.

"She's had a stroke last night."

"What? She had her medicine! Is she-is she okay?" A thud beat loud and hard in my ears. She had to be okay. My Nagyi was the strongest woman I knew. She had to be okay, she had to.

"She's in the hospital. I spoke with the attending nurse on the phone. They say that she's very sick. Are you able to come to the hospital?"

"I...no, I'm in Budapest. Can I call her at the hospital?"

There was a pause on the phone, and the dean cleared her throat.

"Brynn, I want to be clear with you about this. The doctors said that she won't make it through the week. Likely as not, she only has another day or two. Her heart is very weak. She's not in stable condition yet, and they are keeping her sedated until she's able to recover."

Time stopped moving. The static of the phone reception in my ear filled the world with its noise. I leaned back against the wall of the police station and closed my eyes, trying to sort out the meaning of the dean's words. There was no way Nagyi was that sick. She had her medicine! I had sent her the money for it! How could she possibly have had a stroke?

"Brynn?"

"I'm here." I spoke hollowly. The words didn't mean anything. Nothing mattered.

"I know that you still have a few weeks left in the program-"

"I'll come home." As soon as I said it, I knew that the decision was the right one. Mark would have to finish the paper up with Csilla. My Nagyi was more important than any math publication.

"We'll do whatever we can to make sure you graduate on time," the dean said. "There are options."

She continued talking in soothing sentences, and I assented to everything, not paying attention to a single word. My degree didn't matter at all. What mattered was getting back home. By the time I hung up the phone, I had already become narrowed in my focus. Eliot would think that I was a horrible person for leaving him so abruptly. It was for the best, so I thought. He would have no reason to come after me then. I could leave him to find peace on his own.

Was I the hero of this story, or the villain? As I ran into the street to catch a cab, I thought back to all of the sins I had committed. We'd had to memorize them in Sunday school when I was young. Pride and envy toward Csilla and Mark. Sloth in my studies. Wrath toward the killer who had taken my mother, and now another woman.

The last three-lust, greed, and gluttony-were the sins I committed most of all toward Eliot. I was simultaneously possessive of his attention and unwilling to give him the same attention in return. I had spent the last year on the internship and trying to find my mother's grave. Now I was on another chase through the labyrinth of Budapest's streets for a murderer. Was it any surprise that Eliot no longer wanted my company? He'd found the answer he was looking for in his proof. I wished him nothing but the best, but at the same time I knew that I was not the woman he needed to support him.

And my father had been visiting Nagyi and sending her money. Was it possible that I was on the wrong side of reason here? Could I be mistaken? All my life, I had thought that I needed to escape my family and it would set me free. I was just beginning to realize that I would be the same insecure girl I had always been, the one with a jagged tear in her heart where a mother's hands would have mended it. Eliot had it worse than I did. His scar was on the outside, a mark for people to ogle. Mine at least I could hide from peeping eyes.

Even here in Hungary, a half a world away, I was stuck in my own self. All of the mistakes I had made seemed to point blame directly at me. None of it was coincidence or chance. I had built up my own fate and I deserved every bit of it.

I had forced myself into harder research than I could handle, and I was floundering.

I had rushed into love with Eliot, and I had lost his affection.

I had ignored my grandmother, and now she was dying.

CHAPTER TWENTY THREE

Eliot

Eliot stood outside of the conference room, shuffling his papers. The board was already fifteen minutes late to conclude their previous meeting, and Eliot's nerves were beginning to get to him. He'd been sitting on the bench outside the room, but now he paced back and forth, looking through the proof that he was supposed to explain to the board.

A gnawing in his stomach brought him back to the time when he was an undergraduate and had to present in front of his class. He'd never been fond of getting up in front of an audience to present his work. Fortunately, his previous mathematical results had been so important, nobody had pressed him for answers. The math spoke for itself. He'd gotten offers, of course, to lecture at prestigious universities and give talks at mathematical conferences. These he declined politely, and everyone assumed that he was one of those mathematicians who preferred isolation to fame. That was one nice thing about math - nobody expected you to love the limelight.

But now he had been forced into a position where he must defend his work. As much as Eliot knew that his recent discoveries would excite the board, he was not sufficiently prepared to answer questions about the proof. He'd just finished it, for one, and there might be holes, places to patch up the work, corollaries that did not work directly. He'd done his best, but he hadn't had time to pick over the proof with a fine-toothed comb, looking for errors. And why were they making him wait?

His phone rang. He jerked back, fumbling in his pocket to turn off the sound. A careless blunder-what if it had rung during the presentation? He looked at the screen and paused.

Brynn.

His eyes darted to the door of the conference room, then back to the screen. He answered.

"Brynn," he said, "I'm just about-"

"She's dying."

Eliot sat down slowly on the bench, putting his papers to the side.

"Your grandmother?"

"She's dying. They say she only has a day or two left." Brynn's voice sounded strained, tiny.

"Brynn, I-"

The door to the conference room opened and a man with gray hair and glasses leaned out, looking at Eliot.

"Dr. Herceg?" he said. "We're ready for you."

"Just one moment," Eliot said, the phone pressed to his ear and away from his face.

"Are you presenting?" Brynn asked.

"Not yet," Eliot said.

"Dr. Herceg," the man said, a frown creasing his face, "We need to start. We're already behind schedule-"

"One moment," Eliot repeated. "This is important."

"I'll call back," Brynn said.

"No," Eliot said. "It's okay-"

"I don't want to interrupt," Brynn said. "We can talk later."

Eliot slumped back against the wall.

"Alright," he said quietly. "Do whatever you need to do. I'll call you after the presentation. It shouldn't be too long. Brynn, I'm sorry."

"Dr. Herceg, the board is waiting-"

"I'm so sorry, Brynn. I'm sorry."

"I'll talk to you later," Brynn said, and hung up. Eliot stared at the phone in his hand. He hadn't told her he loved her. Perhaps he should call her back.

"Dr. Herceg!"

"Yes, yes!" Eliot couldn't keep the irritation out of his voice as he stuffed the phone in his pocket and picked up his stack of papers. The man looked severely put out, but Eliot didn't care. As he moved to the front of the room, he noticed that all of his anxiety had disappeared. The board members looked up at him expectantly. They looked like copies of each other-elderly men, some gray, some balding, all in drab suits and ties cinched around their necks. He had dressed the same way, in a fitted charcoal suit and dark tie. Now he looked around and wondered if he was destined to the same fate as all of these men.

"Dr. Herceg, thank you for coming here today," the gray-haired man said, settling back into his chair and picking up a printed copy of what looked to be the paper Eliot had given to the director. "Your previous work in mathematics has been admirable, and I hope that we can continue to expect great things of you in the future. We have all been given copies of your current paper-"

"That's out of date," Eliot said. The man looked up, evidently shocked to have been interrupted.

"Out of date?" another board member asked.

"If you turn to the last page, you will see the theorem that I have been working on for the past year. I have since proved it."

"Did you send this out to the board before this presentation?" the gray-haired man in the middle asked. "I did not receive anything, I think, in my email." He smiled a smile of pity at Eliot.

"I have not yet typed up the proof," Eliot said. "But it is finished. I can walk you through it."

"We will start first with our comments on the original paper," the head of the board said. He coughed.

"Wait," the man in the middle said. "You proved this?" He bent his head over the conclusion of Eliot's proof. "But you're using too many variables-"

"Yes," Eliot said. "But go back a step and see; it's twice generalized."

"In your original paper, you say that such a proof is impossible!" The head board member stood up, his fingers spread on the table and damp with perspiration. "You were working on a few base cases and had already solved the simpler ones."

"As I said, the paper is outdated."

"I move to spend two hours looking over this new proof," the man in the middle said. "I need some time to look through this."

"Of course," Eliot said, bowing.

"Seconded," another man said. "All in favor?"

"Wait," the head of the board said. "Wait," amid a chorus of "Ay!"

"Motion passed. Two hours. That's all, Alex."

The head of the board looked lost and could not look Eliot in the eye.

Eliot rushed out of the board meeting room. Digging through his pocket for his phone, he ignored the stares from people around him on the steps. Yes, a Herceg. The convicted one. Let them stare.

The words on the screen meant nothing to him until the second time he read them, squinting against the harsh sunlight. It was a message from Brynn.

I'm going home.

He called but her phone was off. Then the tone sounded, high-pitched and whining in his ear, and he could not think of what to say to her that he had not already said. So he hung up.

Where was she? Going home?

He glanced at the time on his phone. He still had nearly two hours. That was plenty of time, if he could catch her. He would catch her. He had to.

Eliot pulled out of the parking lot and headed toward the airport.

CHAPTER TWENTY FOUR

Brynn

"'One day,' you said to me, 'I saw the sunset forty-four times!'

And a little later you added:

'You know- one loves the sunset, when one is so sad...'

'Were you so sad, then?,' I asked, 'on the day of the forty-four sunsets?'

But the little prince made no reply."

Antoine de St Exupery

I texted Eliot from the cab to the airport. I wasn't sure if I should wait for him to tell me whether or not it was okay to take his private jet. Well, I suppose technically it was his brother's private jet, but I wasn't about to ask Otto for any favors. The voice of my Nagyi permeated my memories, filled my heart with a vibrant anger.

Angry at whom? That was a question I was unwilling to answer.

"Please, Louis," I said. "I need to get back home."

I was standing on the tarmac of the last terminal, next to Otto's jet. It looked a lot smaller than I remembered now that it was in broad daylight. Louis, one of the co-pilots, waved his hands in the air.

"I can't!" he said, his Cockney dialect undulating the words. "I'm so sorry, Brynn. I have a full load of businessmen headed toward Paris."

"That's fine," I said quickly. "We can go to New York from there, then California."

The sky overhead had turned dark, and now a light sprinkling of rain fell. I raised one hand over my head to keep the drops from falling in my eyes.

"New York? This bird is supposed to land in Prague tomorrow."

"Then you'll still have time for New York. I'll find my own way from New York to California," I said. I'm not sure whether it was the news of my Nagyi in the hospital or my fear that Eliot might come after me that gave me such confidence. Before, I would have called it brash. Now, it was only what was necessary. I suppose that's true of any villain.

"I'll have to talk with Lori about it," Louis said. "She's going to be late. She's never late."

"And I'm-aherm!- not late now," Lori said. Louis and I turned to see the woman bundled up in a scarf. She hacked again and paused, her breathing slightly audible through her nose. "You can't be late if you've cancelled, and I'm calling in sick. But oh dear, AM I sick. Is this the girl? Is this Brynn again?"

"It is," I said.

"I wish to God I could give you a proper hello, but you'll get this cough sure as shingles if you get too close to me." The rain fell harder, and Lori and I moved closer to the plane for shelter.

"I'll keep my distance," I said. "Lori, I need to get back home to my grandmother." I could not keep the desperate hoarseness from my words.

She turned to Louis.

"Pilot, you have a load of fewer than eight persons, is that correct?"

"Right now, yes," Louis said. "But with Brynn-"

"Which means you have room for one attendant or copilot filling the crew seat, is that correct?"

"Yes," Louis said, insight dawning on his face. "So she's...?"

"Congratulations, Ms. Tomlin," Lori said, nodding heartily at me. "You've just joined the crew."

Thunder cracked overhead and the skies opened up. I was surprised at how quickly the storm had moved in, but Lori seemed to take it all in stride.

"You don't know how lucky you are," Louis said. I winced internally-I didn't feel lucky at all. Not one solitary atom of luckiness. "We haven't been back in Budapest for days, now have we?"

"Not for days," Lori agreed. "Now get on with you. I've been meaning to have a lunch date with that assemblyman's wife anyway. Even in this darned weather. Reminds me of England, it does. Louis, I'll see you in a few days. Brynn, you take care."

"I will."

I marched up the steps and into the small jet plane, my head held high even though my smile felt plastered on with cheap concrete. I stuffed my backpack into the co-pilot's storage, avoiding the looks of the businessmen. I felt as though all eyes were on me. My jeans stuck awkwardly to all the wrong parts of my h*ps and legs, and the old hoodie I had on reminded me of my college years before I had studied abroad. It reminded me of how young I was.

Bending down, I immediately cracked my skull against the hard plastic ceiling of the cockpit.

"Careful the step in," Louis said.

"Thanks for the warning," I said, leaning myself into the seat. I buckled the seatbelts across my chest. "This is all very Top Gun."

"I've never seen that."

"No?" I said, incredulous. "The one with Tom Cruise as the pilot?"

"Uh-uh," Louis said. He flicked a switch on the plane's dashboard. Was it called a dashboard in a plane? A control panel? That sounded very space-age.

The engine roared to life with the last switch, and my body rocked back against the seat as the plane's wheels began to roll down the jetway. Rain streaked across the windows of the cockpit.

"I suppose that's lucky for all of us," I said.

Louis smiled and flipped the switch.

I had never been in the cockpit of a plane before, and seeing the ground drop away from the plane made my stomach flip. It almost took my mind off of why I was there, flying back home to see my Nagyi before...

Tears sprung to my eyes and I turned my head away, looking out of the window.

The plane was still creeping higher through the air, and wisps of gray trailed from the edges of the plastic windshield panel against the rainy sky. Back on earth, the smooth gray curves of the Danube ran through the city peppered with buildings of black and white granite, the people on the sidewalks crawling like ants on a random walk through the grid of streets, umbrellas opened over their heads. Cars glinted sunlight and a long line of cypress trees stretched out, growing smaller, more toylike. The plane dipped and rolled slightly on the air, and my stomach rose into my throat with the turbulence. The physicality of the sensations made me aware of being emotionally numb. It was strange to think that I even had a body, but there it was, poking my brain for attention.

I imagined taking off my body like a dress, hanging it up somewhere and wandering across the universe as a soul. Was that what death would be? Or nothingness? Or something else?

Thunder rumbled in the clouds, and the sound vibrated the windows. The rainclouds obscured the view, and I was terrified. Louis seemed calm as anything, using his instruments to fly. Then the plane pulled up farther and we were out of the clouds. The sun was bright above the cloud layer, the sky blue. It didn't seem possible that we had left the storm and the rain all below, but looking down I saw the flash of lighting in the gray storm clouds. It blocked out my vision of the city almost completely. No more streets. No more cars. No more people with their black umbrellas on the sidewalk.

The sky seemed darker overhead, as though the rest of the universe outside of the atmosphere was pressing its way into the cockpit. I pulled my knees up to my body and bit my lip, willing myself not to cry. I was leaving Budapest.

"Beautiful, isn't it?" Louis asked. I could only nod and whisper a quiet 'yes.'

Yes, it was beautiful. An hour later we were in Paris, the Eiffel Tower spiking the famous skyline of the city of lights. Louis had already made the schedule change, and we took off after just a few minutes of refueling.

The sun pulled west along with us. As we flew on, Louis pulled down a blind to shade our eyes, but after a couple of hours had passed the sun began to drop slowly beneath the horizon. The color of the sky changed to periwinkle and the clouds caught orange and red, burning brightly against the sky. It was like hovering inside of a glass prism that was slowly turning. The Atlantic beneath us was as dark as ink, with only a few flecks of white where the wind whipped the waves into frothy crests.

We followed the sun to New York. I only had eight minutes to make it from one airport terminal to another on the opposite side of the airport. It would be close.

Louis escorted me inside and through customs to speed things along, and he shook my hand at the gate.

"Goodbye, Brynn," he said. "Good luck with everything."

"Thanks," I said, swallowing hard.

I raced through the terminal, bypassing the moving walkways overstuffed with people. Nearly slamming into a businessman texting on his phone, I turned the corner and ran to the other terminal's entrance. Sweat tickled my neck and my leg muscles burned, reminding me that I needed to work out more. Giant screens with arrival and departure times rotated through the flight numbers, but I had no time to stop and look.

From the overhead speakers came a last call for boarding just as I skipped forward into the gate. I showed the airline worker my ticket and glanced up at the television screen in the terminal waiting area while she checked my passport. Then I looked again. The screen showed the Budapest skyline.

"This is an American news station, right?" I asked. The airline worker looked up from my ticket.

"Yes," she said, confusedly.

The news reporter came on screen and began to speak.

"In Budapest, Hungary, a suspected serial killer has been caught."

I moved closer to the screen, riveted.

"Miss? Miss, this is the last boarding call." The airline worker was talking to me, but my attention was elsewhere.

"The suspect allegedly killed eleven women over the past two decades, but Budapest officials say that the details of the murders were never revealed to the public due to the ongoing investigation."

The footage was of a man in handcuffs being escorted out of a worn-down apartment complex. I stepped closer to see his face. He was older than I had imagined, his short hair specked with gray, his face wrinkled. His dark eyes turned toward the camera, and for a moment it seemed as though he was staring straight at me, through the screen, across the world. There was no emotion in those eyes, only a stark coldness that chilled me to the heart. I looked down at his hands handcuffed in front of him. Something was wrong with them. They were dark, too dark.

I strained to hear the Hungarian words underneath the English of the reporter who was translating, but they were speaking too quickly for me to understand.

"Miss? The plane is leaving. You have to board now."

I squinted. There was something wrong with the screen, maybe. The light, or-

"Under pressure from the Assembly after a recent killing, Budapest police redoubled their efforts to find the suspect-"

"Miss!"

"I'm coming," I said, my eyes still glued to the screen. The man was being put into the police car. As he held onto the car door for support, I realized what was wrong, why his hands seemed so dark. His fingers left streaks on the car door that were unmistakable. I was hypnotized by the red.

His hands were covered in blood.

On the television, the policeman put his hand on the suspect's head and guided him into the car. From inside the car window, the murderer looked out toward the news camera. His eyes were still looking at me, or at someone else, perhaps at all of the survivors left behind, the families he had left in ruins. His face was pressed to the window and he was still looking out as the police car drove away from the apartment. The screen switched back to the news reporter.

"Miss!"

I wrenched my attention away from the television and took the boarding pass back from the airline worker. The jetway loomed in front of me, the tunnel bending down and to the left. I wanted to watch the man who was responsible for so much of my life's pain, but no wolf would keep me from going home to see my grandmother. I stepped forward into the maw, leaving my mother's killer behind me for good.

CHAPTER TWENTY FIVE

Eliot

"A person starts to live when he can live outside himself."

Einstein

It had started to storm while the board members discussed the mathematical proof, and Eliot cursed the rain as he drove to the airport, his fingers clenched white on the steering wheel. He'd called Otto's pilots, but they hadn't answered. Two hours. That should be plenty of time. He could talk with Brynn and still make it back in time for the board's questions.

Taking a trick he'd learned from Marta, he left his car running next to the curb, ignoring the airport worker who yelled at him as he ran around the side of the terminal to the private tarmac where Otto's jet was kept. He pulled his jacket over his head and ran forward, looking toward the hangar where the airplane was normally kept. The plane wasn't anywhere to be seen outside of the hangar.

The handle of the hangar door was slippery, but Eliot managed to open the aluminum side. He switched on the light.

Empty.

He went back outside and looked down the runway. The sky was dark, and as he watched, he saw Otto's jet taxi down to the other side of the airfield.

He ran.

Eliot was no athlete, and he was dressed for the board presentation. His dress shoes slid on the slick tarmac and he almost fell more than once as he ran along the airport terminal toward the small jet preparing to take off. He could catch it. He knew he could catch it.

Rain dripped down his hair, down the back of his neck. He abandoned the idea of trying to keep dry, his jacket flapping damply in his hand as he pumped his legs. He stepped in a puddle and almost twisted his ankle.

"Sir! Sir, you can't go there!"

The security officer yelled after him as he ran past, but Eliot ignored him. Otto's jet was turning, the engines firing up to take off. Eliot's lungs burned as he ran, but the plane was still a few hundred feet away. He yelled, waving his arms.

"Wait!" Eliot cried, running forward. "Wait! Brynn! Brynn-"

His words were cut off sharply as he was tackled from behind. He fell forward, bracing himself with his hands, and rolled, the security officer still on top of him. He gasped for air.

"Stop!" the officer said. "Stay down! Hands on the ground!"

"That's my brother's plane," Eliot yelled, pushing the officer's hands off of him. "Otto Herceg."

"Herceg?" The officer's face dawned with recognition as he looked at Eliot's face, taking in the scar, the dark hair. "Dr. Eliot Herceg?"

Eliot extricated himself from the man's clutched hand.

"I have to go," he said, pulling himself up from the ground. "I have to-"

But as he turned to look, the plane was already rolling down the runway. He took a step forward and watched as it gathered speed and took off, the lights of the jet blinking into the cloudy sky.

Brynn was gone.

Brynn, the only one whom he had been able to trust. Brynn, who had been so sweet and so innocent, and so damaged. She had helped him heal, but now all of his wounds had torn back open. He stood there, his heart wracked with longing. If he had only been able to hold her, to tell her how much he loved her and needed her. If only he had realized how much she meant to him. If only...

"Shall I radio the plane for you?" the security officer asked? "Dr. Herceg? If you'd like to come to the radio control tower-"

"No," Eliot said. His eyes tracked the motion of the small jet as it rose and was swallowed by the clouds. "No, it's too late now."

The rush of adrenaline that had sustained him all the way here was gone, sapped by his failure. The rain fell on his head, but he did not feel it anymore.

He returned to his car and did not even reply to the guard who was writing him a ticket for parking on the curb. He drove off, the man yelling and waving his citation pad in the air. Eliot did not care. He drove back to the Academy, his head replaying all of the moments he'd shared with Brynn.

The day they'd gone for a walk to explore the forest, and found the dead deer. She'd been so sad, her eyes filled with hurt.

The morning he'd found her in the alleyway holding a scrawny half-dead kitten. He'd taken the damn thing for her, saved its life.

The night she'd kissed him and taken his hands, placed them on her body. The desire in her eyes.

And most of all he remembered the moment when he had first seen her, an insecure student standing in the snow, holding out a cup of coffee for him, a stranger. She was so kind. So sweet. He didn't deserve her.

Walking up the steps of the Academy, he ignored the stares of the students. His suit was dripping wet, clinging to his body. His expensive leather shoes squished wetly under his feet. He walked down the hallway and opened the door to the room where the board was meeting.

The men of the board turned to look at him, falling silent where they sat. Eliot came forward and picked up the papers that he had left on the table. He sorted through them to put them back in his briefcase.

"Dr. Herceg," the head of the board said, "Are you ready to explain your results now?"

"No," Eliot said.

There was a pause during which the only sound that could be heard was the shuffle of papers in Eliot's hands.

"Excuse me?" the head of the board said.

"No," Eliot repeated. "I'm not ready to explain."

"But...but..." the gray-haired man sputtered. "Your presentation isn't concluded."

"It is," Eliot said.

It was all over. His reputation didn't matter now. Nothing mattered here, in this place with its marble hallways and learned men walking the halls. Brynn was gone, and the absence seared through his heart, sealing it against any other pain.

"If you don't finish your presentation here," the head of the board was saying, "then we can't move forward. We have no choice but to deny your reinstatement."

Eliot nodded and put the last of the papers back into the case. His work was finished. He had almost completed the entire proof, but he could not bring himself to care.

"Dr. Herceg?"

"Yes?" Eliot asked, not looking up.

"Did you hear me? You will not be reinstated. Your professorship will be over." The man slapped his hand down on the oak table in front of him, as if to emphasize the finality of Eliot's decision.

"Yes," Eliot said. He closed the clasps on his briefcase, the brass locks clicking shut over his work. He turned to go.

"Wait!" the head of the board cried out. Eliot paused at the doorway, his face set in a neutral expression.

"We have some questions," another professor said. "About your work."

Eliot looked across the room sadly, at all of the suits lined up in front of the elegant table. He would not be one of them, not ever. That was not his place, not anymore. He'd tried to make it work, for himself and for Brynn, and he had failed. He had failed her, he had failed himself. No amount of success in mathematics would alleviate that. He swallowed.

"My work is finished," Eliot said. "I have no more answers."

CHAPTER TWENTY SIX

Brynn

"In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time."

Leonardo da Vinci

America did not look so different from Hungary when you were miles above, flying in the air. The mountains loomed with their white tips above the countryside. The farmland passed below, patched in different shades of green and yellow.

My nose pressed to the window, I thought about the killer and what he had done to my mother, and to the other women he'd murdered. I thought about my Nagyi, sitting in the hospital, sick and dying. I thought about Eliot and whether I would ever see him again, or Lucky.

I had taken a backpack with only the things I'd brought to Hungary. The book of myths and legends that I'd kept with me since I was a child, since my mother had read to me. The small key Eliot had given me, the one that unlocked the music room back in California with his piano. The jacket on my back was one Marta had bought me, but I felt bad taking anything else that had been paid for with Eliot's money. All of the beautiful dresses and shawls, the ridiculously expensive shoes, all the jewelry, would have to be returned.

I thought then of the necklace Eliot had bought for me, which I had lost last year. I'd told Nagyi all about it, told her that I would show her when I came home. Now I was coming home with nothing to show. No academic paper, no degree-I didn't know if Eliot would even vouch for me at the university, after all I had put him through.

These were the thoughts going through my mind as we landed in California. The air was dry and warm as I waited on the curb for a taxi, anxious to get to the hospital. It was strange to hear English being spoken all around me after spending so much time in Hungary. The words and sentences intruded in my thoughts. When I walked down the streets of Budapest, I had floated amid clouds of foreign phrases, letting them pass over me. Back home in California, I could not escape the spoken words of strangers.

The taxi driver taking me to the hospital tried to make small talk, but I wasn't interested. I had one goal: to see my grandmother. I hadn't gotten a wink of sleep in the plane, and I was beginning to nod off against the window. I blinked hard to keep myself awake and turned my phone on. There were four voice messages from Eliot. I turned off my phone and leaned my head back against the window, looking up at the starless California night sky. There was nothing more that I needed to say to him. Our relationship had been wonderful and I was grateful to him for everything he'd done for me, but I was no princess. And I never could be.

At the hospital, I pleaded with the nurse to let me in.

"Visiting hours are over," she said.

"I need to see her," I said, my voice cracking with tiredness and sorrow. "Please. I came all the way from Budapest."

"Let me check," the nurse said, her eyes softening at my desperate tone. "I don't want to let you in if the doctor says not to wake her."

"I won't wake her," I said. "I promise. Please."

"What's the last name?"

"Tomlin," I said, hope rising in my chest.

The nurse pulled out my Nagyi's sheet and scanned the lines. Her eyes widened a bit, and she pressed her lips together.

"Alright," she said, her tone much more sympathetic. "She's very weak, but it looks like she's been in and out of sleep all day. It shouldn't be too bad if you wake her for a while. Just don't startle her when you do. And try to keep the noise down."

"I will," I said.

"She's already had two minor strokes since she's been admitted, so if anything happens, just press the call button and I'll be right there."

"She's not... she's not going to be okay, is she?" I had to ask the question even though I was afraid of the answer.

"I'm sorry, sweetheart," the nurse said. "At her age, there's not much we can do. I'm so sorry."

"Okay," I said, even though it wasn't okay, even though nothing was okay, nothing would be okay ever again. "Where is she?"

"She's in room 206, down the hallway to the left," the nurse said.

I forced myself to walk, not run. The hall seemed interminably long. The fluorescent lights on overhead gave the place an alien, timeless quality; it could have been night or day. But Nagyi's room was dark except for a small lamp on her bedroom table, and the blinking lights of the machines around her. I drew a breath as I stepped into the room and closed the door behind me.

My Nagyi had always been so strong. Living on her own, she'd spent her time gardening and cooking. She'd watched over me in my childhood, taking the place of my mother after my father abandoned me, and I always thought of her as a marble pillar, standing strong against any force of nature. She protected me, after all. She could do anything.

Here, now, lying in her bed, she looked so fragile as to be made out of glass. A tube ran from her nose into a breathing machine, and both of her arms were taped up with lines that connected to bags of clear liquid. IVs, I supposed. The paper hospital gown she was wearing was light blue, and the light reflecting off of it made her skin look sallow. It broke my heart to see her so helpless.

I pulled a chair over next to the bed and sat down. Her hospital gown had been crumpled up and her sheet had fallen down, exposing her side. I tucked the sheet back in and took her hand gently, trying not to touch the needles. Her skin was as thin as tissue, her veins blue. Her long white hair lay tangled and mussed on her pillow. She was old.

"Nagyi," I whispered. "I'm here."

I squeezed her hand slightly and she shifted on the bed. Her eyelids fluttered.

"Nagyi?"

"Brynn!" Her voice was soft, but the excitement in it was palpable. Her eyes opened wide. I scooted forward in my chair and smiled, although the way she looked made me want to cry. "Brynn, you're back in America. America..." Her words trailed off and she looked a bit confused.

"Yep," I said. "I'm back here for good. How are you feeling?"

"I'm fine," she said, her smile stretching thinly on her face. "They are all very nice here. I do get a bit dizzy."

"What happened?" I asked, trying not to show my worry. "Did you not get your medicine?"

"I did," Nagyi said, patting my hand. "Thank you so much. You and your prince, both. What was his name again?" She frowned.

"Eliot," I said. "But your stroke-"

"Sometimes there is good luck," Nagyi said. "Sometimes bad luck. This was bad luck."

We sat in silence. What was going through my Nagyi's thoughts as she lay there in the bed? Surely she knew that she was not going to leave this hospital. But she lay smiling, peaceful. Her breath rasped through the tubes.

"How is Eliot?" Nagyi said finally.

"He's...he's doing well," I said. "He finally finished the proof we were working on."

"Your mathematics!" Nagyi said. "You finished it!"

"Yes."

"Congratulations, Brynn. You are such a bright young girl."

"It was mostly him," I said, embarrassed. I really hadn't done much work apart from the base cases.

"A smart woman needs a smart man to keep her in check. Where is he?"

"He's not...he didn't come back to America with me."

"Oh?"

"He had work to do. Math stuff. He had to talk to the people at the Academy there about the proof."

"Will he come later?"

"Maybe," I said. "I...I don't know. I don't think so."

"Why not?"

"I...don't think we're meant for each other," I said, the words forming slowly, gradually as I spoke them. "We're in different worlds. We're too different."

"But you love him?"

"I-"

I couldn't answer that question. I did love him, that much was certain. My heart ached for him, and now that I had left Hungary, the longing was all the more acute for its being impossible. But I had left him, and I did not think that I would ever turn back, nor would he follow me now that I had abandoned him. Can you love someone who is half a world away from you?

"It's alright, child," my Nagyi said. She smiled, her eyes almost entirely closed. "You'll figure it out. There isn't a problem in the world that isn't solvable with love." She coughed and raised her hand to her chest. Her breath rasped through the tubes.

"Are you okay?"

"Fine, child. I'll be alright soon." She didn't speak for a while, and I thought she might have gone to sleep. Then she opened her eyes and turned to me.

"Could you brush my hair?"

"Your hair?"

She shifted in bed, picking at the white strands of hair around her shoulders.

"They've gone and undone my braid. It's all a mess. Please?" Her voice sounded small. A child's voice.

"I'll brush it," I said. "Do you have a comb or something?"

She pointed to the drawer by her bedside, and I pulled from it a tortoiseshell brush, the bristles soft and thick. I helped my Nagyi to sit up slowly, carefully on the hospital bed, and put a pillow behind her back. The hospital gown opened in the back, and I could see the outline of her spine, the bones protruding from beneath her delicate skin and stretching it tight.

I began to brush her hair, being careful not to let my hand tangle in any of the IV lines. Nagyi hummed as I worked, a melody I'd heard her hum a thousand times before. I started at the bottom, brushing out the tangles at the ends of her hair., then worked my way up. Her hair was like white silk in my hands, so fine and soft. Her hum became a song, the words coming out softly in Hungarian.

Cifra palota,

zold az ablaka,

gyere ki te tubarozsa,

var a viola.

Kicsi vagyok en,

majd megnovok en,

esztendre vagy kettre

ferjhez megyek en.

I'd never listened to the words when I was a child, but now that I knew some Hungarian, the meanings of the lilting sounds uncovered themselves. The act of translation, of discovering what meaning there is, is much like discovering a new result in mathematics. Is the process creation, or discovery? Is the meaning there all along, waiting for us to find it? I paused, the brush hovering over her hair, trying to translate in my head. Nagyi turned and peered over her shoulder.

"Do you know the words to this poem now, child?"

"Some of them. Maybe."

"Braid my hair and listen closely."

I took her long white hair in my hands and separated it cleanly into three sections. It had been a long time since I had braided her hair, but the motions were as familiar to me as breathing. My fingers moved deftly, swapping the middle part with the sides one by one, the sections of hair crossing over each other in a more orderly tangle.

She recited the poem again to me, more slowly, and the meaning became clear. I spoke in English along with her, my words halting, my fingers moving unconsciously while my brain fought to understand the language.

The adorned palace

Has windows of green,

Come out, rose,

The violet is waiting for you.

I am little,

Someday I'll be grown,

In a year, maybe two

I'll be married.

"I'm not so sure about that last line," I said.

"You have it right," Nagyi said.

"I mean I don't think I'll be married in a year or two."

My Nagyi laughed.

"Don't worry, child," she said. "And don't worry. Love will come to you. It already has come once. Now it knows where you are, it will come again."

"Maybe," I said. I took the strands of hair near the end of the braid and pinched them between my finger and thumb. The plait had thinned down as I went, and as I wrapped the elastic around the end of her hair I thought to myself that I would grow my hair out this way, when I was old.

She reached behind her head and patted the braid, making sure there weren't any loose strands.

"Wonderful," she said. "Perfect." She lay back down on the hospital bed and I arranged the sheet around her. Her face was pale, her skin nearly as white as her hair.

"Are you feeling alright?" I asked. "Do you need something? Water?"

"No," she said, shaking her head. "No water. I'm tired, that's all. I've been going a long time. I'd like to rest. Brynn? Dear?"

"Yes?" I should have been tired, too-I'd been up for over a day now with no sleep-but I wanted to stay with her for as long as possible.

"Brynn," she asked, smiling weakly, "could you tell me a story?"

"Of course," I said, before even thinking. I would do anything for her. Anything at all to keep her here with me.

"Thank you, child," she said, squeezing my hand. "I love you."

"I love you too, Nagyi," I said, willing myself not to tear up.

I pulled my chair closer to the bed so that she could hear me more clearly. She closed her eyes and lay back on the pillow, looking for all the world like an angel at rest. I thought about what story I could tell her, and then I knew.

"Once upon a time," I started, "in a castle far, far away, there lived a handsome prince..."

Her breathing grew regular as I spoke, and halfway through the story she was deeply in sleep. Looking at her lie there in bed, the exhaustion of the past few days caught up to me. I was so, so tired. I leaned forward and tucked the sheet up to her chin, then kissed her on the cheek. Her skin was warm and soft, papery, and she smelled like vanilla.

"Goodnight, Nagyi," I said. "We'll finish the story tomorrow."

Stories wind themselves around each other. The stories we tell to others, the stories we tell to ourselves. The stories we tell to those we love.

My story did not start with me. It started with my mother, who is now dead but once had her own story to live, and with my grandmother, who had to watch the ending of my mother's story before she was ready. My grandmother, whose long white hair lay in a braid on her pillow, the length of a life well-lived. We all live through tragedies, and we all bear scars both seen and unseen. My grandmother had a beautiful smile, but some of the light in it was diminished when she said goodbye to her daughter and took me to raise as her own. For all of our laughter, she and I were both no stranger to tears.

When I woke up that morning, my Nagyi was gone.

It took me a moment to realize why the room was so silent. Her body still lay in the bed in front of me, but the story of her life was over. On her face was a soft smile, as if she'd slipped into a pleasant dream.

"Nagyi," I whispered. "Nagyi, I love you so much."

I took her hand, the skin already cool, and pressed it to my lips. Tears fell hotly from my eyes.

When my mother was killed, my father abandoned me, and I was left all alone with my grandmother. People at school would whisper about the girl with no parents, and tease me because my grandmother bought me strange clothes to wear. I didn't care. I loved my Nagyi, and I knew she would always be there if I needed a lap to sit on or a shoulder to cry on.

I'd lived my whole life without knowing my parents. But I had never felt like an orphan before that morning.

CHAPTER TWENTY SEVEN

Eliot

"The universe is made of stories, not atoms."

Muriel Rukeyser

Eliot was sitting at the kitchen table, drinking a glass of brandy, when Otto came into his house without knocking.

"They're pointing fingers at me." Otto threw the newspaper onto the table and wiped his face. "God, but it's pouring out there. And why aren't you answering your phone?"

Eliot sipped his drink without looking down at the paper. He had seen the headlines coming. Brynn's tragedy had been splashed all over the news now that the journalists had gotten ahold of the details. Pictures of all of the victims had been leaked, and while Hungary's newspapers and television stations didn't carry the photos, the more unscrupulous tabloids had already posted them-they were sure to have been seen by everyone. Eliot's phone hadn't stopped going off every minute or two while he watched the news coverage about the killer. At first he'd answered every time, to see if it was Brynn. When it wasn't, he'd bought the bottle of brandy. And now his phone was off and he was drinking.

"Who's pointing fingers at you, Otto?"

"The damned Assembly. Your girl is all mixed up in this murder business and with the riots...where is she? Is she here?"

"No," Eliot said, choking on the word. Brynn wasn't here. She had left him. She had left Hungary. Tears rose to his eyes, but Eliot blinked them back. He would not cry in front of his brother. Otto was still talking, and Eliot tuned back in.

"How, I don't know, but this has to end. It can't continue."

"I agree," Eliot said.

"There's no way I can stay in the government when my brother is-wait, what did you say?"

"I said that I agree," Eliot said. He took a sip of brandy. The glass was empty. How had that happened? He'd thought it was full just a moment ago. He poured another glass.

"Agree? Agree with what?"

"With everything," Eliot said. The brandy burned the back of his throat, heating him from the inside.

"When did you start drinking again?" Otto asked. "You were trying to cut back-"

"I started drinking," Eliot said, being careful not to slur his words, "as soon as I got back to the house."

"Your clothes are soaked!"

"Mmm." Eliot could not feel the chill of the rain anymore. In fact, he couldn't feel much of anything anymore. He knew only that he had lost everything to him which was precious. Brynn had disappeared without him. His mathematical career was over-he didn't care about the proof, he didn't care about the paper.

"Well?" Otto said. "Say something, for God's sake!"

Something inside Eliot snapped.

"What do you want me to do, Otto?" His voice was calm, but underneath his words rippled a tremor of rage.

"Excuse me?"

"What can I do for you that I haven't already done?"

"Eliot-"

"I left my home, my country, for you! I gave up my reputation!"

Otto bristled.

"Eliot, you know we're grateful. I'm grateful. But now you're back-"

"No."

"No?" Otto leaned forward, his hands flat on the table. "Eliot, what do you mean?"

"I can't stay."

It was only after he'd said the words that he knew they were true. It had taken him half a year to realize what should have been apparent to him all along. He had left Hungary a decade ago, and it was no longer his home, no, not even this castle. The rooms here had been warmed by Brynn's presence, but now that she had left every hallway was darkened, empty. And the people on the streets looked at him and saw his scar and saw nothing else after that. Even the Academy had been closed to him.

"Where will you go?" Otto asked. "Back to California?"

Eliot shook his head. He'd never been able to accept Pasadena fully in his heart. It was simply the place he'd escaped to after Clare had died. And now that the university wouldn't take him back, he had no way to live in America anyway. There was no place that he could call home now. There was nowhere he could go.

The world was too small for him, he decided. He took another drink and barely tasted it.

"Where, then?"

"Let me be, Otto," Eliot said. "Go back to Marta and let me be."

"Eliot." Otto's face dropped into sympathy. It was the same face, Eliot decided, that his brother had worn at Clare's funeral. It was the same face that he wore whenever a voter at a rally told him a tale of personal woe. It was not a face Eliot wanted to see right now.

"Let me be!" Eliot cried out, shoving the chair back. It scraped hard against the tile floor and caught one leg at the corner. Eliot heard it clatter to the ground, but he made no effort to right the chair. Otto took a step back.

"Brother, you know I only want what's best for you. If you want me to leave you alone..."

"I do."

"Then I'll go. Please don't do anything rash," Otto said.

"Don't worry." Eliot's mouth tasted dry, bitter. "I wouldn't do anything else to ruin the reputation of the Hercegs."

"That's not what I meant." Otto looked at Eliot up and down, and in his eyes Eliot saw himself as he was just then: drunk, sodden, with red-rimmed eyes and a ruined suit. Eliot sighed deeply and closed his eyes. The world spun and he held onto the kitchen counter to keep himself from swaying.

"I'm sorry, Otto. Give Marta my love. I need to be alone now."

Otto put his hand on his brother's shoulder, but Eliot didn't notice. He noticed the door slamming shut behind Otto, and then he noticed the rain. He took two steps toward the stairs, but realized that he'd left the brandy back on the kitchen counter. After he'd gotten the brandy, he realized that he'd left his glass. Back in the kitchen, he tried to pick up both but the glass slipped out of his hand. He grabbed for it and lost hold of the brandy bottle. Both shattered on the floor, the bottle sending a spray of glass and brandy across his feet.

Eliot stood there for a moment, looking down at the golden liquid, the glinting light off of the glass. It was beautiful, he thought. He slowly eased himself down onto the tile and brushed the glass away from around his feet, making a clearing for him to sit. Broken, every little bit shattered.

He leaned his head back against the oven door and began to cry.

The next morning Eliot woke up cold and aching to a tickling sensation on his nose. Still half-asleep, he scratched his nose and let himself float back into darkness. The tickle came back and he opened his eyes. Staring back at him was a small ash-gray cat.

"Ah! Lucky!" Eliot pushed the cat away, holding his head as a shooting pain lanced through it. Not to be put off, Lucky redoubled his efforts, crawling over Eliot's slumped body and sniffing into his ear. The world smelled like alcohol, and the light coming in from the windows was so bright Eliot was sure it was already afternoon.

"Okay, okay, I'll feed you," Eliot moaned, pinching the bridge of his nose with his fingers. God, he'd never been so hung over. "Be careful."

Lucky was careful, picking his way nimbly through the shards of glass and puddles of brandy on the floor. Eliot followed, his head and neck pounding with agony as he poured Lucky's food into a bowl and got him fresh water. The thought of eating made him sick, so he sat by the kitten and stroked his silken ears as he ate. Lucky ignored him, flicking his tail and purring as he ate. When he was done, he looked up at Eliot with a questioning look.

"She's not here, cat," Eliot said, scratching Lucky under his chin. "She left."

Those two words, so simple, wrenched Eliot's heart. He coughed and bent his knee, standing up shakily. His clothes were still wet from the night before, and he was shivering. His entire body seemed to be turned inside out with pain.

"I need to take a shower," Eliot said, more to himself than to the cat. But his feet led him downstairs to the baths, and he followed them. He hadn't been back down there in a while, ever since-

He did not want to think of that.

Eliot walked down the marble stairs to the baths where the underground springs welled up. The air grew hotter and damper as he made his way down the steps. No lights illuminated the underground room, and he didn't flick the switch to turn them on. The darkness made the pounding in his head slow down a bit. Instead, he made his way down to the springs by touch, his fingers trailing the brass rails that led down to the marble baths. In the darkness he felt at home, warm.

His hand reached the knobbed end of the rail, and he paused, slipping out of his shoes. He pulled off his clothes awkwardly in the dark, the wet fabric clinging to his skin. The humidity of the room caressed his bare torso and he breathed the darkness in deeply. It felt as though the world was breathing for him, the heavy damp air forcing itself into his lungs, then out. He was not breathing anymore; the world was breathing him. He merged with the air, became part of it, and the room itself became an organism, the marble pressing against his feet just as his feet pressed against the marble, equal and opposite, like he had learned in physics so long ago. In the darkness he could not see his own body, and the skin that normally served as a boundary between him and the outside was invisible.

Eliot took a small, hesitant step forward, his toes sliding on the slick marble surface. Only a few steps stood between the rail and the baths, but the distance seemed longer in the dark. When his foot finally found the edge of the marble bath, he knelt down, touching the surface of the water with his hand. The spring waters absorbed his fingers, melting them into their warm caress. Dizziness threatened to overtake him, and he leaned away from the water, blinking hard in the dark as though he would be able to see if only he squinted hard enough. The dizziness cleared and he breathed shallowly, not trusting his balance just yet. A moment passed in silence, and then he heard a single drip off somewhere near the middle of the baths. A breath escaped his lips before he realized that it must just be the condensation off of the roof of the baths. Still, his heart pounded fast.

Slowly, cautiously, he sat on the edge and eased himself down into the water. The sound of the ripples echoed softly through the room, infinitely louder in the darkness. He was nak*d, completely nak*d, and he pushed himself out into the middle of the baths without thinking.

There was nothing here. No sound save for the slow drip of condensation from the ceiling. No light. He might have been dead.

He lay back and let his body float in the hot water, hearing nothing, seeing nothing. Was this how death was? The heat soothed his pains, and he thought that perhaps death would do the same thing, only more permanently. Standing up, he moved toward the deeper part of the baths, one foot in front of another.

A sharp pain shot up through his leg, and he recoiled from it. Something had bitten his foot, the bottom of it. No, there was nothing in the baths, he was being silly. Perhaps he had a splinter of glass in his foot that he hadn't noticed until just now. He touched his foot but felt no cut or glass, only a small welt of pain on his heel. He frowned and slid his other foot forward, sweeping it from side to side. If there was something on the bottom of the baths-

There.

He felt the sharpness with his toes. Taking a breath, he submerged himself into the dark water and felt around for it with his fingers. If it was glass, he couldn't very well leave it here for someone else to be hurt. His fingers scrabbled on the tile underwater, searching. Finally they caught onto the tiny sharp object, and he pulled it up, a chain coming with it.

It was a necklace. His fingerpads moved along the sharp part, and although he was in complete darkness, he closed his eyes as though it would help him visualize the piece of jewelry. Then, all at once, the shape came together under his hands and he remembered. The silver heart, the two diamonds set into the center...

It was Brynn's necklace, the one he had given her to celebrate her nameday. Her Hungarian nameday, that is-Brynn was not a common name in Hungarian, but she'd wanted to join in the fun after one of her friends at the Academy celebrated theirs. She'd lost the necklace somehow, and didn't remember how. Eliot had been a mite irritated at her losing it so quickly, but he never said anything. But she must have lost it after the attack.

"Brynn." Eliot murmured her name, and the whisper floated through the dark air. All at once he felt an overwhelming wave of love and protectiveness, mixed with an undercurrent of anger. Brynn had been the only thing that gave Eliot's life meaning and brightness, and he had let her slip away without even trying. Clasping the necklace in his hand, he moved back through the water and to the steps, leaving his wet clothes behind. He went up the stairs two at a time and flinched only at the brightness of the light.

Naked and dripping, the chain of the necklace dangling from his fingers, he strode across the tile floor to the kitchen. The hot baths had warmed him enough that he didn't even mind the chilly tile under his feet. Still clutching Brynn's necklace with one hand, his other hand scrambled for his phone on the counter. He turned it on and called Brynn. To his surprise, she answered after the first ring.

"Eliot?" Her voice was scratchy.

"Brynn? Where are you? Are you in California?"

"Yes." There was a pause on the phone, and then Brynn broke into sobs.

"Brynn? Brynn, are you okay?" Eliot felt helpless. He wanted to put his arms around her, to cradle her against him.

"She's dead," Brynn said finally, through her tears. "My Nagyi. She had a stroke overnight. She...she..."

"Brynn, I'm so sorry," Eliot said.

"The funeral is this Sunday," Brynn said. "They said she went in her sleep. They said...they said it was painless."

Eliot waited for Brynn to swallow her sobs. Before he could say anything, though, she spoke again.

"Is there anything on the news about the murderer?" Brynn asked.

"The murderer?"

"I can't find any coverage that isn't in Hungarian, and I don't know what's going on. They found the killer? I saw a video of a man-"

"They found him," Eliot said. "It's him. He's being held in jail now."

Brynn exhaled, the relief palpable over the phone.

"I can make it to the funeral," Eliot said, probing tentatively. Brynn said nothing, and he continued, his heart falling into disappointment. "If you want me there."

"Please no," Brynn said. "No, don't. You have so much work to do at the Academy."

"But I-"

"Don't. Eliot, it's already...it's already too hard for me."

"I understand," Eliot said, even though he didn't.

"I have to go," Brynn said. "I have an appointment with the funeral director. My dad hasn't even called back, so I'm the one in charge."

"Brynn-"

"I have to go," Brynn said again, her voice firmer. "I'm sorry."

"I love you," Eliot said. There was a pause during which Eliot's heart threatened to break. Perhaps it had all been a mistake, this relationship with a girl so much younger than him. Perhaps she wanted to be with someone her own age. Perhaps... perhaps...

"I love you too," Brynn said. "Goodbye."

She hung up before he could say another word. Eliot dialed another number, and soon he was in a cab on the way to the airport, to America. She loved him, or said she did. And if there was a fraction of a chance that following her would save the beautiful connection they shared, it would be worth any effort it took. He only hoped that she felt the same way.

CHAPTER TWENTY EIGHT

Brynn

It was hot and sunny the day my Nagyi was buried. One of her friends from a knitting circle drove me from her house to the cemetery. On the way to the funeral we passed by a park where families were all having play dates and barbecues. Kids ran across the lawn and dogs ran with them, the laughter and barking rising over the music being blasted from a single boombox on a picnic table. I rolled up the car window and closed my eyes.

"She was a wonderful woman, your grandmother," her friend said. I could only nod, my eyes burning. I was all alone in the world now, and in the past day I had spent my waking hours trying not to break down into tears. My father had replied to me with a message saying that he was traveling with his wife on a movie shoot and would not be able to come to the funeral. I hadn't expected him to come, but knowing that the one family member I had left would be absent made me worried. I thought that perhaps it would just be me and the funeral director at the funeral. But the day she died, two of her knitting friends had come over with food for me. At least there would be another person there, I thought.

As we walked toward the place where my grandmother was to be buried, I gasped.

There were hundreds of people milling around the grave. The men were dressed in suits, the women in black dresses with black shawls, despite the heat. So many people. Throngs of people, families with their children. Older couples and small clusters of women who spoke solemnly to each other.

"A wonderful woman," the friend repeated to me. I walked forward. Although I did not know anyone there, everybody seemed to know me. Women came forward to press my hand or kiss me on both cheeks, a gesture that reminded me of Hungary.

"You are Katalin's granddaughter? She took me in when I left my husband," one middle-aged woman said. "If you need anything, anything at all-"

"Katalin was such a large part of the church," another man said. "We will miss her dearly."

I nodded dumbly, moving through the crowd and accepting consolations and offers of help. Katalin. That had been my mother's name. My grandmother I had always known as Nagyi, but here she was Katalin too. I wondered if her name had given her grief after my mother had died, if it had been a reminder of her sorrow.

Some of the people there came up to me and took my hands in theirs, speaking in Hungarian. I answered as best as I could in my halting Hungarian words, and was greeted with happy surprise that I knew their language, even if only in part.

A noise behind me made me turn. Six men were carrying the coffin to the gravesite across the cemetery lawn. Following them was a group of women, their voices raised in song. I could not understand the words, but the music flowed over me and I closed my eyes, tears running freely down my face. The song was dark, the melody as dissonant as the Gymnopedie that Eliot and I had played together. Hearing the women sing all together, though, I felt a strength pass through me and buoy my heart upwards. It was a song of grief, but also a song of hope.

The procession paced slowly towards the grave and placed the coffin down at its side.

I looked at the coffin where it lay. It seemed too big for my grandmother's body, my grandmother whom I could pick up in a hug if I wanted to. It wasn't a fancy coffin-my Nagyi had never liked ornamentation for its own sake-but the wood was stained her favorite cherry color and it had been polished until it shone brightly in the daylight.

It was too beautiful a day for a funeral. California mocked my grief with the blinding daylight, and my tears dried quickly on my cheeks.

The pastor from Nagyi's church rose to speak. He'd warned me that his sermon would be in Hungarian, but that he'd find a translator. The woman standing beside him spoke after each of his sentences. At first the translation was halting, but as they went on the sentences began to flow from one to the next and the two languages cleaved together.

"We gather here to honor the life of Katalin Tomlin. She was a good woman, and more than that, a good person who helped anyone who needed help, who lent a hand to anyone in trouble, who gave until she could not give anymore. Each of us here today has a piece of her in their hearts, and we will not ever let her go."

A stream of people came forward as the pastor spoke, laying flowers on top of my Nagyi's coffin. Most of them were roses, but some people brought bouquets of other flowers, silken orchids and white lilies with their flat round petals. A little girl came forward and lay a handmade bouquet of daisies at the foot of the coffin, stepping shyly away to her mother after glancing up at me.

The flowers piled up as the pastor went on speaking, and soon there was no room left on top of the coffin. I watched as people leaned their bouquets against the sides of the coffin. Petals tumbled down into the grave, and some whole flowers. Soon the coffin was nearly unrecognizable as such; it seemed like a pile of flowers and nothing else. I stepped forward and lay my bouquet on top the rest, balancing the white roses precariously on the other bouquets. The pastor went on, and the sun shone down hard. Drops of sweat beaded on my temples.

"None of us will stay on this earth forever, and Katalin has begun her journey now toward heaven. All of us here grieve at our loss when she steps away from us, as though she has climbed aboard a boat whose final destination is somewhere not of this world but of God's. The white sails rise in the wind, and He is the one who sends the wind. It is his breath who speaks the Word of life and of death, and who takes Katalin away from port now, finally, at the end of her time here on earth."

"We stand on the shore now, waving goodbye, and the boat drifts on, being blown ever farther from our eyes. The sails disappear below the horizon, and then finally even the last glimpse is lost to us. But we must remember that somewhere, on another shore, there is a crowd of people waving at the boat which has just come into sight."

A sob rose in my throat as I thought of my mother waiting for Nagyi, embracing her once again. I wanted them both back so badly that my whole body ached. All of the hugs that I would never be able to give them. All of the love that I had for them wasted, left behind to turn sour in my heart.

"It is important to remember this in our sorrow. For all our loss, Katalin has not left us. She has just gone home. And one day we will see her again, after our own long journeys, and she will be standing on that distant shore, waiting for us, waving hello."

Tears streamed down my face silently. I would hold in my sobs now, in front of everyone. Perhaps later I would be able to grieve, but I had always been a private person and all of this was too much for me to handle.

"We say goodbye to Katalin now, knowing that we will see her later if God's grace permits. Nobody can replace her, and nobody here will forget her. Clamate ter. Kyrie Eleison!"

"Kyrie Eleison!" the crowd repeated, and my lips moved although I could not speak. Lord have mercy.

The sermon was over, but I stayed behind for a while as the men lowered the coffin into the ground and began to shovel dirt in on top. Then I turned to leave.

"Shall we go back now?" It was the woman from the knitting circle whose name I could not remember.

"I'll walk home," I said. "Thank you."

"It's over two miles."

"I'll be fine," I lied.

The pastor came to me as I was leaving the cemetery.

"She spoke very highly of you," he said. "She called you her little math genius."

"I'm not a genius," I said.

"She seemed to think you were."

"I'm an impostor." I spat the words out quietly, but the pastor heard. He put a hand on my shoulder.

"We all feel that way," he said. "Especially in hard times. Be true to yourself and things will turn out alright."

I nodded and smiled wanly. Nothing had turned out alright.

Peering back at the cemetery, I was struck by how empty it seemed without the crowd of people inside. I had kept looking around during the ceremony, expecting Eliot to show up even though I had told him not to. I supposed that it was only in stories that men ran after you. And even in stories, they didn't run after you a second time. I walked down the road towards my grandmother's house, not wanting to arrive to the empty rooms that awaited me.

It was another hour or so before I reached her neighborhood, but even still, I did not want to go inside the house where she would never exist again. I looked up at the dingy rafters of the house. This had been her home. She had left Hungary to come here so that she could take care of me, but then she had stayed.

Walking around the side of the house, I went to the cypress tree in the backyard. In Hungary, I had been able to visit my mother's grave, but it was here, next to the tree my Nagyi and I had planted for her, that I felt her soul. I fell to my knees at the base of the tree and leaned against the trunk. The rough bark scratched my cheek, but I didn't care. I was back home, and there was nothing here left for me. Under this tree, at least, I could grieve properly. I let myself cry, my lips pressed against the tree, hugging the hard wood tightly. My chest heaved with my cries against the cypress.

"Take care of her, mom," I said, my words inaudible through my sobs. "Take care of each other until I get there."

I'd lost everyone I'd ever loved, everyone I'd ever cared about. Eliot had fallen out of love with me, too. I cried until there was no more left inside of me, until my body was wracked with empty sobs that scratched my throat dryly.

I had known it all along - I was no princess. There would be no happiness at the end of my story. The pages had all been torn out and scattered, and I was scattered too, like Humpty Dumpty in the poem, and nobody could put me back together again.

At first when I heard the music I thought I was dreaming. I blinked and wiped my eyes and stood warily, listening to the faint notes of a piano. My Nagyi's piano. It was coming from the house, the piano music growing louder as I stepped slowly toward the back door. It took me a moment to recognize the song, but when I did the air rushed out of my lungs and I could no longer breathe. Could it be?

At the door, I hesitated for only a second. And then my Nagyi spoke to me. I am not a superstitious person, and I do not believe in ghosts. But whether or not the spirit of my Nagyi was inside of me, my thoughts of her were so intense that I heard her speak just as clearly as if she had been standing beside me.

Take a chance on love.

I pushed open the door and stepped inside.

CHAPTER TWENTY NINE

Eliot

Eliot arrived in California with a headache intensified by the horrific coffee he'd gulped down on the airplane. The child sitting next to him had spent half of the flight picking his nose and the other half trying to grab Eliot's hand, with the end result being that Eliot more often than not had to retrace his line of thought after avoiding an attack from the small boy. It was a harsh reminder that Otto's private jet had been a real loss to him; the plane had been in Prague when Eliot had called for it.

When the child had fallen asleep, he'd written furiously, scratching out half of the page as he went, going back and reworking the parts that didn't work, that weren't perfect. It had to be perfect. Had to be. He bit his lip as he wrote, discovering sometimes the perfect solution to a problem, sometimes having to push through his own blocked mind.

He took another cab from the airport to the address the dean had given to him after he'd explained about the death in the family and the need to deliver the documents to Brynn himself.

"You understand these rules with all the transferring credits and whatnot," he said. "These weren't filled out correctly and she'll need to have them in order before graduation."

Graduation-the magic word. The dean immediately agreed that it was in Brynn's interest that he go.

The cab left Eliot at the end of the dirt street.

"Not unless you're paying for my new tires," the cabbie said.

"This is fine," Eliot said, more relieved than irritated to be treated so...well, so normally.

He walked down the street to the driveway marked with the right number. The place seemed almost deserted. None of the houses on the street were visible; all of the roofs were obscured by dense brush and avocado trees. The homes themselves blended right into the hillside, with wood-shingled sides and softly slanting roofs.

Eliot's phone didn't work out here, and so he walked down the driveway to the house. As soon as he saw the house, he knew it had belonged to Brynn's grandmother. The home was tucked away into the greenery, the brush cleared out responsibly around the house. The nearest tree was a cypress poking its head out from over the roof.

"Brynn?"

He called out in a normal voice at first, then a bit louder. The car in the driveway looked as though it had stopped working five years ago, so rusted was its sides. He walked up to the front door and knocked. To his surprise, the door swung ajar, the unlocked handle making a soft click as it opened.

"Hello?"

There was no response, and he pushed the door all the way open. Right in front of him, mounted on the hallway wall, was a photograph of Brynn and her grandmother.

"Guess this is the place," he said, closing the door behind him. He stepped over to examine the photo, flicking on the hallway light. Brynn was younger...not by much, but definitely younger by the look in her eyes, sitting in front of a cherry upright piano. The woman he decided must be her grandmother sat next to her in the photo. Her hair was a pure untinted white, the long braid swung over the front of her shoulder. They sat with shoulders touching, their hands poised over the keys as though they were just about to play the first note.

Eliot moved into the living room, and he saw the piano from the photo. Pictures hung all over the walls. Most of them were of Brynn and her grandmother. As he walked toward the piano and sat down, he saw another photo in a frame on the side table immediately adjacent to the piano bench. He picked it up.

The picture showed Brynn when she was only a child, holding onto the hand of another woman. Not the grandmother, this one. Eliot realized that the woman must be Brynn's mother.

A wave of emotion shuddered him, and his fingers trembled as he put the photo back into place. He'd seen a picture of one of the killer's victims before leaving Hungary. It hadn't been intentional. Someone had left a tabloid in the airport, and he'd happened to glance at the photo and headline-NEW PICTURES OF BRUTAL SERIAL KILLER VICTIMS-before crumpling the paper in his hand and throwing it into the trash. He didn't know what Brynn had seen at the police station, but if it was anything even close to what he'd seen in the paper, he understood why she'd been waking up screaming in the middle of the night.

He touched the piano keys softly at first. The piano needed a tuning, but the imperfect notes still told a beautiful story. The strings were old and worn, though when plucked they sang out with depth. His fingers moved over the keys more confidently, though his vision was blurring with unshed tears. This room told a story of love that reached back generations, one that he could feel in his heart when the music fluttered through him. He did not know whether he would be able to offer that same kind of love to his children. He wanted to, but his family relationships had been torn apart by more than the accident that caused Clare's death.

Still, here...

The tears in his eyes welled as he thought of Brynn, and imagined her future without him. He imagined his future without her, and it seemed hollow and as cold as the snowy night he had first met her. He'd been too stubborn, he knew. Too willing to give up when he should have fought for her love. Too focused on the unnecessary, without seeing the possibilities that lay right in front of him. If he could do it again, he'd do it differently. He'd take the time to let Brynn know how much she meant to him. He'd care for her unconditionally. And she might take pity on him enough to forgive him. A tear escaped the corner of his eye and fell onto the keys, but it was not a tear of grief.

Everyone we love dies. We would die someday, too. At times Eliot had wished it for himself. Today, though, a golden ray of possibility shone through the clouds, the possibility of forgiveness for his past sins. He played on, letting the notes take him off into a world of music. Only a creaking of the floorboards caused him to stop playing.

He turned and saw Brynn standing only a few feet away in the doorway, her curves sheathed in black crepe fabric. Her eyes were rimmed with red, but in them, there was something more than forgiveness.

There was love.

"Eliot?" Her voice was curiously uncertain as she stepped forward toward the piano.

"My dear," Eliot said, and held out his hand. And, to his everlasting surprise, she took it.

CHAPTER THIRTY

Brynn

"There is no agony like bearing an untold story inside of you."

Maya Angelou

Eliot took my hand, and my whole body shivered. He guided me forward and I slid next to him on the piano bench.

"Do you remember how we met?" Eliot asked.

"It was so cold that night," I said.

"You were so kind to me. Even though I looked like a bum."

I flushed.

"I did not say you looked like a bum. You said you looked like a bum!"

"So I did. Well, and I did look like a bum. Honestly."

He hadn't kissed me yet, and I wondered what he was doing, sitting next to me, holding my hand. The pain in my heart was mixed now with an uncertainty that made me pause before every sentence I uttered. I ran my finger along the top of Nagyi's piano. A thin coating of dust came off, and I flicked it away from my fingers. The light from outside the window caught the flecks of dust and made them sparkle as they fell, twirling, to the ground.

"It's not tuned," I said, to fill the silence. Eliot still held my hand warmly between us. "She quit playing years back."

"But you didn't quit playing."

"I played at school. I didn't want her to waste any money on me."

"This isn't that bad," Eliot said, playing through the first few notes of the Gymnopedie with his left hand. The chords rang out, dust twinkling through the notes as the old strings vibrated back to life. The dissonant notes of Satie sounded strangely in tune.

"It works," I said, slightly surprised.

"Yes," he said. "It works quite well."

I didn't know what to do. Eliot seemed to be perfectly happy sitting and chatting about nothing at all. And all the while, his hand was moving slightly against mine, his thumb caressing the back of my hand. It burned through me, sending fire through my body. If he didn't know what he was doing, he should have.

"Stop," I said. "Please stop."

"Stop what?" Eliot turned to me, his eyes bright with tears. Did he know? Did he?

"Stop tormenting me! You've come all the way over here for this?"

"Torment you?" Eliot's face was a picture of confusion.

"I thought that I wouldn't ever see you again. I-I thought-" I choked the words through my tears. I pulled my hand away from Eliot and covered my face.

"I'm sorry. Brynn, I'm so sorry." He clasped my shoulders and I put my hands down on my lap, raising my eyes to see his expression. He looked at me so intense with emotion that I felt my heart could burst at any minute.

"Why didn't you come before?"

"You told me not to come to her funeral," Eliot said, his hands sliding down to take mine once again. "I didn't know if you truly meant it, but I thought I'd rather not risk the wrath of a princess."

A princess. I wasn't a princess. I thought once that I was an adventurous warrior, a woman who could face any monster and come out strong. It had taken less than a year for me to lose everything that I had been struggling for. A flash of irritation made me upset with Eliot. He should know better than to tease me.

"Then why did you come?" I asked. "Why did you come at all?"

"Because," Eliot said, raising my hand to his lips, "You did not bar me from the state of California."

I trembled. His lips were hot against my skin.

"Tell me to leave and I will leave," Eliot said. "But I could not help but follow you here."

"Should I tell you to leave?" I asked fiercely, my desire twisting with my anger and sadness. "You deserve someone different. Someone less broken."

"I deserve someone who will live with me in happiness," Eliot said.

"Yes," I said. I said nothing more.

"Well, then," Eliot said, "that is unfortunate for you."

"Unfortunate?" I swallowed hard.

"There is only one creature on this earth who will make me happy, and that beautiful creature is you."

He leaned forward to kiss me, and when his lips pressed against mine I kissed him back with a passion that I had not known was inside of me. In the kiss was all of my longing, my frustration, my desperate desire to find someone who cared for me as much as I cared for them. And in his thirsty lips, I found an answering plea. Eliot loved me, I was sure. A part of me broke free from the darkness that had been clouding my life and floated upward, reaching out.

"Eliot..." my voice trailed off as my mind traced another thought. I squeezed Eliot's hands sharply as the thought materialized.

"The board! Did you do your presentation?"

"Yes. No. It doesn't matter," Eliot said.

"But what happened?"

"I left. I'm publishing the paper on my own. They can have their Academy. I'm finished."

"Finished?" I looked at him in shock. "You won't do math again?"

"Oh heavens no! Not at all! Oh Brynn, I could never stop doing math!" He smiled.

I put my hand on my chest.

"Whew. You scared me for a moment there."

"I'll always love discovering new parts of that universe, I'm afraid. I'll still attend conferences, I suppose, and lectures. But I don't need the prestige of the Academy. I don't need to be published. I'll let others take the credit." With that Eliot tilted his head towards me in a knowing look.

"Others?" I didn't get his hint.

"You, Brynn, have inspired me to produce my best work."

I shook my head.

"No-" I began.

"I've already submitted the paper with your name as co-author, through your university. It will be published in the fall."

"Why?"

"Oh, come, don't look so shocked. It's been done before many times. When someone with no connection to the academic world puts out a result-"

"But you are connected-"

"Not anymore. I'm done. Academia...eh, it's not necessary for me."

"So I will be able to graduate? I talked to the dean-"

"I talked to her, too," Eliot said. "She was impressed with my recommendation, and I think that you'll find every credit for your degree is in order."

"Oh, Eliot!" I threw my arms around his neck and nearly choked him to death with a tight hug. His arms wrapped around me, cradling me against his chest. I pulled away and kissed him again passionately. My grandmother had wanted me to graduate so badly. She'd been so proud... My throat hurt as I thought about what she would have said. And a published paper to top it off!

"Let's go away for a week," Eliot said. "Just us. Somewhere up the coast. I'll find us a cabin to rent and we can relax in private."

"That sounds wonderful," I said. The prospect of not being anywhere near a television screen or newspapers seemed immensely appealing.

"You seemed surprised to see me here," Eliot said, leaning forward to kiss my forehead.

"I wasn't sure you'd follow me," I said softly.

"Always," Eliot said. His smile warmed me almost as much as his kiss. "You won't be able to get rid of me."

"That sounds wonderful," I said again. "And I promise this time I won't run away."

CHAPTER THIRTY ONE

Eliot

Eliot threw another log on the fire. Brynn had spent the early part of the morning off on a walk by the coast. They'd already spent the better part of the week at the remote campsite. The map showed that there was no other cabin in the area for miles, and Brynn had smiled when he'd told her that there were bears in the forest.

"They'll eat any photographers trying to take our picture," she said.

Her levity alternated with her sorrow in equal parts. Eliot gave her space when she asked for it, and comforted her when she wanted to be held in his arms. He knew that grief emerged from the unlikeliest of places, and so he did not press Brynn when she needed to cry. He, too, knew something about tears.

When Brynn came back to the cabin, the flames were just beginning to leap up over the edge of the rocks surrounding the fire pit. He was surprised when she took the sleeping bags out and began to lay them by the fireside.

"Are we sleeping outside tonight?" Eliot asked.

"No," Brynn said. "But I wanted to do this."

If he was surprised at sleeping outside, he was even more surprised when Brynn drew her hand down and began to undress him. He waited until she had unbuttoned his shirt completely before taking her face in his hands and kissing her deeply. Her hair smelled sweet, the scent mixing with campfire smoke. Her hands moved across his chest, her fingers tracing the scars. When he looked down, the firelight illuminated them so that they gleamed golden against his skin.

"Put back together like a patchwork," Eliot murmured.

"Put back together," Brynn said. "That's the important part."

Her hands slid farther down, and he inhaled as she tugged at the button of his jeans with one hand, pulling his head down into a hard kiss with the other. She moaned as she felt his hardness, and in response he became even more aroused. The primal growl of her voice as she tore off his pants made him want to throw her on the ground and take her like an animal.

He pulled off her jacket and she helped him, their movements growing faster and more urgent as their mouths moved against bodies ready to come together. When she dropped her underwear to the ground and looked up at him from under lidded eyes, he caught a breath. They stood for a second, both nak*d, staring at each other like Adam and Eve before the earth had filled with creatures. He pushed a strand of hair behind her ear.

"I want you so badly," he said.

Her kiss ripped the breath from his throat. He gripped her tightly and they fell to the ground together, limbs already intertwining as he eased her back onto the sleeping bags. He kissed her neck from behind her ear down to her collarbone, then farther down. Her gasps mixed with the crackling of the flames, and he let his tongue slide over the shadows that her nipple cast across her chest. He moved himself so that he was positioned between her, his already throbbing c*ck pressed against her on the outside. He let the head of his member slide over her already slick folds, rubbing the swollen flesh only slightly. Back and forth, back and forth. Teasing her.

Her fingers dug into his skin and she moaned again, her desire so evident that his mouth went dry with want.

"Take me, Eliot," she whispered. "Please. Take me. Love me. I want you to love me."

"Always," Eliot said. "I'll always love you, Brynn."

He bent down and slid into her. Every inch of her tightened around him, and he worked his way into her heat slowly, rocking slightly as he entered.

"Ohhh," she moaned softly. "Ohh!"

Swollen and hungry, Eliot had to hold himself back. But when he kissed her on her neck, letting his tongue trace circles on her soft skin, she growled with ferocious, unguarded lust.

The sound tore through his will, and he thrust forward hard, pulling her against him and kissing her, stifling her gasp. Her h*ps tilted up and her legs wrapped around him. An aching pressure was building in his groin, and he could no longer keep from taking her body. He slid forward and back, letting himself indulge the deliciously slow agony for minutes. Brynn's whimpers grew louder and louder until it was too much. Her body grew damp with sweat underneath him from the fire and the exertion of self-control, and he, too, felt beads of sweat form at the hairline on his neck. Their skin gleamed as though they had been oiled up like ancient kings and queens.

She pulled away from him, her face only inches from his. Her full lips pressed together, wet and glistening in the light, and whispered a single word.

"More."

Eliot thrust hard into her then, meeting her effort with his and letting his passion drive him. He was beyond hard, past the point where he would normally have let himself slide over the edge, but this sensation was so fantastic that he wanted it to last forever. Every time he drove his swollen member into her slick folds, her fingers gripped his h*ps harder, pulling him in even farther. He bent over her body, making her wait for the next thrust, and grazed her nipple with his teeth. He was ready to burst, but he did not want her to be left behind.

The touch made her body shiver, and she arched her back against the ground. He could feel her body tighten and clench against him, and she threw her head from one side to another, her hair sweeping the pillow in wild fervor. The flames from the fire cast shadows across her face.

He could no longer hold on. His groans joined hers as they both rode the wave of their love over into satisfaction, their bodies shuddering against each other in the fire's warmth. Brynn cried out once at the end, as he thrust again with a final shiver into her body.

Worn out, Eliot collapsed next to Brynn on the ground, his chest heaving. He could not hear anything but the thudding of his heartbeat in his ears, and he felt dizzy.

Brynn reached out and touched his skin softly, as though it was shattered glass and she expected it to cut her fingers if she pressed too hard.

"Wait," he said. He reached over to where his pants lay crumpled on the ground, and fished his fingers into the pocket. "I brought a present for you."

"Eliot-"

Eliot lifted the necklace up in the air. The two diamonds glinted as the pendant twirled on the end of the delicate silver chain.

"My necklace!" Brynn cried. "You found it! Oh, Eliot!"

"And I have another present for you. But you'll get it tomorrow."

"Tomorrow? What is it?"

"That would defeat the point of waiting until tomorrow."

"Tease," Brynn said, smiling. "Tell me. Oh! Is it Lucky? Did you bring him here with you?"

"That damned cat," Eliot said, shaking his head gravely before letting out a chuckle. "He followed me all the way to America and got thrown into animal quarantine. They won't let him out for another two weeks. But don't worry, he'll be back to torment me soon, at least if he doesn't have the plague."

"That's a relief. Will you put my necklace on?" Brynn asked.

She bent her head down as he laced the chain around her neck and fastened it. His fingers rested gently on her warm skin, stroking upward to her cheek.

"I will never leave you," Eliot said. "I will never hurt you, and I will never leave you. I love you."

"I love you, Eliot. Thank you."

That night he slept by her side. Her breathing was soft, and he held her close. For the first night in a long while, she did not wake up from any nightmares, and when he woke, she was still nestled by his side.

CHAPTER THIRTY TWO

Brynn

"Life itself is the most wonderful fairytale of all."

Hans Christian Andersen

The thunderstorm took both of us by surprise. I was sitting inside with a book. Eliot had been outside gathering more wood for the fire when the sky boomed through the branches overhead and rain began to drip down.

"It never rains in Southern California," Eliot muttered as he came up the steps. "That's what they all told me."

"You look good with wet hair," I said, ruffling his dark hair. Drops of water flew from the ends.

"I wanted to have dinner by the ocean," Eliot said.

"We'll have dinner inside," I said. "No problem." But Eliot looked out toward the dark clouds with worry.

He started a fire in the small cast-iron stove in the cabin and forgot to open the flue. Smoke poured out of the front of the stove and Eliot burned a finger when he pulled the flue open.

"Ow!" he cried.

"Put it in cold water," I said.

"There's no cold water," Eliot said. "The bottles are all in the car."

"Then just go outside and stick it in the rain, silly!"

Eliot strode outside onto the porch and I followed. He leaned against the porch rail as far as he could, reaching his finger into the rain.

"The wind is blowing it the other way," Eliot said, leaning farther over. "It's not-ahh!"

A gust of wind in the opposite direction had decided to prove him wrong. He stepped back, but not in time to keep the sweeping rain from dousing him head to toe. I couldn't help but giggle at his hair flopping wetly over his forehead.

"You look kind of like a wet rat," I said.

"Ahh!" He shook his head like a dog, spraying me with flying droplets.

"Stop!" I cried, laughing. "Eliot, you're getting me wet!"

"That will teach you to laugh at me!" Eliot said. He grabbed me around the waist and lifted me up off of the ground.

"Eliot, you're SOAKED!" I kicked out with my feet helplessly, and he carried me down the steps and right into the middle of the rainstorm. I had forgotten how strong he was, but he picked me up with ease. The air was filled with rain as soon as we left the shelter of the roof. I squealed as the cold water hit me, clenching my eyes shut.

The dress I had just put on for our dinner clung to my knees, the wet fabric tight against my skin.

"There," he said. "Now we're both soaked."

And then he kissed me.

Before Eliot, I had not known true warmth. The searing heat that spread through my body with the simple press of his lips on mine was incomparable to any sunlit day in California. Even with rain streaking down my back, my longing for him burned so that I thought steam would come off of my skin. He kissed me and kissed me, and water ran through my hair and down my skin, washing me clean.

"Brynn!"

"What?!" I tugged away from his grip, but he held me tight.

"I love you!" Eliot was grinning like a crazy person, and his smile was infectious; I couldn't help but laugh. His white shirt was soaked all the way through now, and I could see the muscles of his broad chest through the wet fabric.

"I love you too!" I cried out. He took my hands and pulled me closer. I wriggled happily in his embrace. He placed his hand on my cheeks and looked me from eye to eye, his face inches from mine.

"Brynn, you are the most wonderful person I have ever met. Do you know that?"

If I blushed, I hoped the rain would hide it. The bright love in his eyes warmed me as he continued.

"You inspire me, Brynn. You keep me sane and you drive me wild. I did not want to be part of the world anymore...not until I met you."

"Eliot-" I wanted to stop his words. Compliments always made me a bit itchy. But Eliot would not stop.

"Let me finish," he said, kissing my nose and smiling at me. Water trickled down my face and he brushed a droplet from my cheek. "Don't worry, I know not to lecture you for too long."

"I was scared when I met you, Brynn," Eliot said. I looked up to see if he was joking, but his face was completely serious.

"Scared?" I whispered.

"I was frightened by how much I wanted you. After years of keeping to myself, you showed up and... and I couldn't keep to myself anymore. I had hidden my loneliness for so long that I had forgotten what it was like to feel longing. I wanted you so badly, Brynn."

Now I was blushing for sure, but Eliot continued as though he didn't notice.

"I know that things won't always be perfect, but I am going to try my damndest. I'm going to try because you deserve nothing but happiness."

Tears rose to my eyes. My life had been one sorrow after another for so long. And now, thinking of my grandmother, I knew that she would want me to try to be happy too. Thinking back over the past year, there were so many bright spots of happiness, and all of them happened with Eliot.

"I love you more than anything," Eliot said. "Of all of the infinities I know, there is not one that comes close to describing how much I love you."

He knelt in front of me then, one knee to the muddy ground, and I forgot how to breathe.

"Marry me, Brynn," he said. "Make me the happiest man in the whole world."

My hand lifted up as if of its own volition, and when he kissed it the earth itself seemed to shiver, wind tossing the branches wildly overhead. Rain streaked down and mixed with my tears as Eliot slid the ring onto my finger. The center diamond sparkled brightly against my skin, but I couldn't even see the rest of the ring, I was crying so hard.

"Yes," I whispered through my tears. "Oh, Eliot, yes, yes, with all my heart yes!"

I threw my arms around him as he was standing and almost knocked him over. Eliot laughed and spun me around, the rain pouring down all around us. He kissed me deeply and then pulled back, his thumb brushing my lip, his dazzling blue eyes locked on mine.

"I am so lucky to have found you," he said.

"Luck?" I said, arching my eyebrow. "As I remember, I found you, and luck had nothing to do with it."

"Didn't you tell me once that you only bought me a coffee because you found the money on the ground?"

"Oh. Well, yeah, I suppose," I said. "But secretly it was all just part of my master plan to marry a brilliant Hungarian prince."

"Not a prince," Eliot said, shaking his head.

"You're a prince to me."

"Then you're my princess," he said, leaning forward to kiss me again. "And really this was all part of my master plan to marry an American citizen so I could stay in California."

"Oh! So I'm only good to you as an immigration ticket. Is that it?"

"Would you do that for me?" Eliot said, a twinkle in his eye. "It would be a wonderful marriage of convenience."

"Convenient for you! Well, I've already said yes," I said, pretending to pout, "but now I'm having second thoughts."

"I could also kidnap you and take you back to my castle with me," Eliot said. "We can go anywhere now that you're my queen."

"Princess," I corrected. "Queen sounds too old."

"Princess, yes, of course. A mathematical princess."

"The best kind," I said.

Eliot looked up at the sky, his hand shielding his eyes from the spray of rain. The dampness made the scent of pine even stronger here in the middle of the forest, and I inhaled deeply, leaning against Eliot's chest.

"I wanted everything to be perfect so I could propose on the beach, but I guess the weather had different plans."

"This is perfect," I said, looking up to caress his face with my hands. It had taken me some time before I was able to look at Eliot without shame, to indulge in the sight of his face. He, too, had been reserved at first, and did not want me to look at his scars.

"You're right," Eliot said, his eyes gazing at my figure appreciatively. "It will be fun to get all of these wet clothes off of you!"

"You planned this," I teased, backing up toward the cabin. "Even the rain."

"I'm just lucky," Eliot said. "So very, very lucky."

"We both are," I said. I didn't know whether I believed in luck or fate, or maybe both. What I did know was that I had been given too many second chances with Eliot, and I wasn't ever going to lose him again.

