CHAPTER ONE

I didn't let myself focus on the fact that nearly one thousand sets of eyes were locked on me. Progressing into the difficult finale, I danced for only one set. The lights that blinded me to the crowd, the pressure to perform that drove me forward, and the wardrobe malfunction that was one thread from snapping away - I pushed it all aside and danced for him.

The last few bars of music came to a close as I took my final grand allegro into the air. My pointes landed at the exact moment the last chord flowed through the room.

This was it. The moment I loved. The breath and a half of stillness and silence before I moved into a curtsy and the crowd applauded. A two second window to reflect and revel in the blood, sweat, and tears I'd shed to get to this point. The point where, if I was a spectator at the game of Lucy Larson's life, I could nod my head and think job well done.

It was a moment I wanted to last forever, but accepted it for what it was. A glimpse at perfection before it was swept away.

Sucking in a breath, I lifted my arms and, moving into curtsy position, I lifted my eyes. Right where Madame Fontaine had trained me to direct them at the conclusion of a performance. Front and center. And then, against everything she'd warned me never to do, a smile played at the corners of my mouth.

It was impossible not to when my front and center was Jude Ryder.

He leapt up from his seat, clapping like he was trying to fill the whole room with it, grinning at me in a way that made my stomach clench. Those around him were already peering over with curiosity, so when Jude jumped onto his seat and began hooting "Bravo" at top volume, those looks of curiosity sharpened into something not nearly as benign.

Not that I cared. I'd learned a while back that being with Jude meant going against society's flow. We were constantly fighting the current and just about every social norm and generally accepted principle out there. It was a cost worth paying to be with him.

Taking one more curtsy, I met his gaze once more and did the unthinkable. Thank the maker Madame Fontaine hadn't been here tonight because her perpetually tight bun might have just busted something as I paired my smile with a wink. Aimed right at the man towering over the crowd, cheering for me like I'd just the saved the world from its demise.

The lights fell and, before I hurried off stage, I heard one more round of Jude hooting and whistling. He was breaking every unspoken rule of how one should show their appreciation for the arts. And I loved it.

Like our relationship, we did everything a bit out of the box.

"Think you could try, just for once, to not give a perfect performance? You know, so the rest of us don't look like such bush-leaguers," Thomas, a fellow student and dancer, whispered at me as I scurried behind the curtains.

"I could," I whispered back as the last dancer took the stage. "But where's the fun in that?"

Smirking, he tossed me a bottle of water. Catching it with one hand, I waved it in thanks and headed backstage to stretch and change. I had a ten minute window before the performance would draw to a conclusion, and I knew from experience Jude would be barreling backstage to find me if I didn't find him first. He wasn't exactly a patient man, especially following a dance recital. What watching him play football did to me, me dancing did to him.

Sliding into the dressing room, I grabbed my foot, stretching my quad while I hopped over to my corner of the room, untying my pointe. The nude colored elastic band winding around my neck, holding my corset in place so my performance didn't turn into a peep show, snapped the moment I stretched my neck to the side. Wardrobe malfunction couldn't have picked a better time to "malfunction".

Stretching the other leg back, my fingers worked to undo my other pointe. Tossing both of them into my bag, I pulled out my jeans, sweater, and riding boots. It was Friday night and, since Jude had a home game tomorrow, that meant we got the whole night to ourselves. He had something planned and he'd told me to dress warm. I would have rather been dressing for warm weather, but really, when it came to being with Jude, I didn't care what I was wearing. In fact, I would have preferred to wear nothing, but the latest patron saint of virtue, Jude Ryder, wasn't having any of that until he "figured his shit out."

I'd never wanted shit to get figured out faster.

I really needed to stretch a little longer, but I had two minutes max before Jude would come bursting through the dressing room door. Twisting my arms behind me, I worked at the corsetting of my costume. Where was Eve when I needed her? That girl could fasten and unfasten a corset faster than a playa could lower his zipper in the back seat of his sports car.

I was half contemplating searching for a pair of scissors to escape the satin contraption when a warm set of hands rested over my shoulders.

"May I be of assistance?" Thomas said, grinning at me as I looked over my shoulder.

"If your assistance comes with speed and precision, then yes, please," I replied.

His grin curled with wickedness. "When it comes to removing women's clothing, speed and precision are of utmost importance."

I elbowed him as he laughed. "Anytime today, Mr. Hot Fingers."

"Yes, ma'am," he said, cracking his fingers dramatically before moving to the back of my dress.

Thomas was right - he'd mastered the speed and precision part of undressing a woman. However, there was nothing even remotely intimate about one dancer helping another dancer dress or undress, male or not. You danced long enough, you got used to about every dancer in a three state radius seeing you next to nak*d. There was no room for being a prude in the world of dance.

"Almost," Thomas mumbled as his fingers worked towards the bottom rivet of my corset.

I was about to smart back with something of the witty variety when the dressing room door flew open. I didn't have one hot second to explain before Jude's face blanched from elation to murder.

"What the hell?" he hollered, his face flaming red.

"Jude," I began, turning to him and holding up my hands.

"You're a dead man," he spit, lunging across the room towards us.

Dodging in front of him, I thrust both hands into his brick wall of a chest. They were going to sting for a while from that maneuver.

"Jude!" This time I yelled. "Stop!" I ordered, dodging in front of him again when he lunged towards Thomas, who was retreating into a corner of the room.

"Sure, I'll stop," Jude replied, his silver eyes flashing onyx. "Once this tool is dancing across the stage in a wheelchair."

I hadn't seen his rage monster in months and seeing it again in all its grandeur rendered me speechless. This was the kind of anger people told campfire stories about.

Pivoting around me again, Jude thrust towards Thomas, who was staring wide-eyed, half-confused, half-terrified, at the bull of a man trying to obliterate him. My strength was no match for him, not even a tenth of a match, but I had other powers that could render him into servitude. Sprinting in front of him, I jumped, wrapping my arms and legs around him as tight as they would go.

He stilled instantly, the murder dimming in his eyes. Just barely.

"Jude," I said calmly, waiting for his eyes to shift to mine. They did. "Stop," I repeated.

I motioned back at Thomas. "He was helping me get out of my costume. I asked him to. He agreed. I wanted to hurry and get changed so I could be with you," I emphasized, "and unless you wanted to wait a year and a half for me, you should be thanking Thomas."

Looking between Thomas and me, the lines of his face dimmed. However, his glare landed on me. "Why didn't you have me help, Luce?" he asked, his jaw clenching.

"Because you weren't here," I said, feeling like I was stating the obvious, but if obvious was what it took to talk Jude down from the ledge, that's what I'd do.

"I'm here now."

I formed my hands over his cheeks. "Yes, you are," I said, waiting as his eyes went another shade lighter. His chest was starting to lift and fall in a regular pattern again. "Thanks for the help, Thomas," I emphasized, glancing back at where he stood, still staring at Jude like he was about to go all nuclear on him again. "Catch up with you later?"

Thomas side-stepped around us, never taking his eyes off of Jude. "Sure, Lucy," he said, throwing me a tilted smile. "Catch up with you later."

I smiled my appreciation. "Good night."

"Bye, Peter Pan," Jude called after him. "I'll 'catch up with you later' too."

Thomas was already out the dressing room door, but there was no doubt he'd heard Jude's latest bout of name-calling threats.

Sighing, I ran both thumbs down his face. "Jude Ryder. What am I going to do with you?" I asked.

It was, perhaps, the most perplexing question I'd ever asked. Nothing was easy about our relationship. Well, nothing but falling hard for each other. Everything else was like trying to swim against a current. You never quite felt like you were making much headway, but the journey made up for the lack of real estate.

Latching onto my hips, Jude planted me back down on the ground. Spinning me around, his fingers worked the satin ribbon free of the last rivets. His hands just barely skimmed my skin, but "just barely" shot bursts of heat deep into my stomach.

"What am I going to do with you, Luce?" he threw back at me, his voice carefully controlled.

The pieces of the man I loved were fitting back together. The rage monster was retreating back into his cage. "Since you've almost got me topless, I'll let you fill in the blanks to that question," I implied, arching a brow as I turned to face him.

His eyes weren't liquid like they usually were when we were sharing or about to share an intimate moment. The corners of his mouth weren't twitching in anticipation. Jude was a pillar of control looking down on me like I'd just behaved like a child.

"Don't do that again, Luce," he said, folding the ribbon in his hands before stuffing it into his pocket.

"What?" I said with a shrug, feigning ignorance. I was starting to feel a little belligerent. I didn't like being talked down to, most of all by Jude.

"You know what."

I could feel a glower settling into position on my face. "Since I've obviously disappointed you, I wouldn't want to do it again, so why don't you spell it out for me?"

I cursed myself. The only thing that would result from fighting fire with fire would be some nasty first-degree burns. Jude and I didn't need our relationship to get any more complicated, so why was I pounding on complicated's door?

Sucking in a slow breath, I witnessed the effort it took for him to stay calm. He was making the effort to keep this from blowing up into a screaming match - why wasn't I?

"Don't let another man, tight wearing fairy or not, help you out of your clothes again," he said, his eyes narrowing just enough to know some scalding emotions were firing through him right now. "If you need help out of so much as a sock, you call me, you got it? That's my job."

Super. The possessive, over-bearing police were back in town. It seemed as of late, they wanted to take up permanent residence. He could deny it all he wanted, but over-bearing implied he didn't trust me, and call me a fool, but trust wasn't only pivotal to a relationship, it was essential.

"Got it, Luce?" he said when I stayed quiet.

God, I loved him. Too much for my sanity's own good, but I would not be commanded. "No, Jude. I don't 'got it,'" I said, a stage away from smoke billowing out of my nose. "So why don't you go wait outside and let that sink in while I finished getting undressed?

"Alone," I added before he could open his mouth to object. Because if he did, I wouldn't be able to say no.

He paused, looking at me with indecision written on his face. Finally, he nodded. "Okay," he said. "I'll be right outside."

"Is that so you can scare off any other guys who might help me with my costume, or just because you're waiting patiently and respectfully for your girlfriend?" I said, turning and heading back over to my bag.

Jude's sigh was as long as it was tortured. "Both," he said just above a whisper before he closed the door behind him.

As soon as he was gone, I felt it. Guilt. Remorse. Followed up by a potent dose of regret.

I knew what I was getting into when Jude and I got back together at the start of the year. I went in willingly with both eyes open; I'd gladly gone in. Jude had been through more shit than any one person should and along with that came certain characteristics that could be classified as less than savory.

But you took the bad with the good. And when it came to Jude Ryder Jamieson, there was a surplus of good that always managed to not necessarily wipe the bad clean, but to make it a fair trade. If I was pointing fingers at who was damaged, I might as well turn that finger around, because I was no innocent, flawless flower.

That was part of the beauty of us being together. It was also part of the problem.

I had as many triggers that ticked at my temper and as many ghosts from my past as Jude did. When his anger flamed, mine responded in kind, and vice versa. The last two minutes case in point.

Then, as it always did, the anger I'd felt towards Jude shifted towards me. If I'd taken a time out to take a step inside Jude's size twelve Converse, what would I have said or done if I'd walked on in some girl assisting him out of his clothes.

Shrugging into my sweater, I realized my reaction would not have been that far off from his. In fact, my claws would have been mid-swipe before he could open his mouth to explain. The old Jude, the one pre-Lucy, would have kicked ass first and asked questions later. The new Jude, although still not an anger management graduate, had managed to let words diffuse the situation. Not his fists.

Progress. Significant progress he'd made for me. And how had I repaid it?

By yelling at him and throwing him out of the dressing room.

Throwing the rest of my clothes on like I was declaring war on them, I stuffed my costume into my bag at the same time I threw it over my shoulder. I didn't bother letting my hair out of its headache inducing bun. I didn't care to wash off the three layer deep pancake makeup covering my face.

I had to get to him. I couldn't get there fast enough.

Lunging across the room, I threw the door open.

Leaning against the opposite wall, Jude was every shade of tormented. The emotion expressing itself on his face was the exact emotion I was sweltering in.

One side of his mouth curved up as he rubbed the back of his neck.

Dropping my bag, I threw myself against him, wrapping both arms around him so tightly I could feel every one of his ribs hard against my chest. A heartbeat hadn't passed before his arms dropped around me with just as much urgency and maybe even more relief.

"I'm sorry," I said, inhaling the boy who, even in scent, exuded a hint of trouble just barely masked by a reluctant sweetness.

Tucking my head under his chin, he exhaled. "I'm sorry, too."

CHAPTER TWO

"Why won't you tell me where we're going?" I asked, pressed so tightly against Jude on the bench seat of his old truck every inch of me ran against most every inch of him.

He smiled at the dark road we were bouncing over. Wherever we were going, I doubted there would be modern conveniences like hot water and cell phone reception.

"Because I'm enjoying your attempts to pull it from me far too much," he answered, glancing over at me. His eyes dripped with wicked joy.

My heart did the sputter to a stop thing. Right before it restarted like it was trying to take flight. "Is that so?"

He made a noise of agreement, wetting his lips.

Against every instinct that had been overthrown by desire, I snapped out of my belt and slid across the bench seat until I was pressed up against the passenger side window. "Still enjoying yourself?"

He looked over at me, his face lined with contemplation, right before he reached across the seat for me. "Where do you think you're going?" he asked, sliding me back across the seat, but he didn't stop there. Grabbing my right thigh, he lifted it, shifting me until my h*ps had successfully pivoted right over his lap. The truck didn't slow, it sped up, evening out the bouncing so that my body vibrated above Jude's.

"I guess I'm not going anywhere," I whispered, lacing my fingers behind his neck, feeling the press of the steering wheel against my back, feeling the firmness of his body everywhere else.

Keeping one eye on the road and one hand on the steering wheel, he gave the rest of his body's attention to me. "Damn right, you're not," he said, his mouth curving into a smile that disappeared when my mouth covered his.

It wasn't quite a moan, it went deeper than that, but the sound that came from his chest when my lips parted his and my tongue crept into his mouth was all Jude. I wasn't paying the truck that much attention, but I thought I might have detected another increase in speed.

Jude kissed me back, matching every slide of my tongue and movement of my lips with one of his own. His free hand slid beneath my sweater, smoothing up the plane of my back. His hand was warm, slightly rough from days spent working in the garage and on the football field, and they were capable.

The truck hit a particularly nasty bump, pounding my lap down hard against his. Heat spread from the area between my legs, and this time it was me who made a noise that had yet to be named. The reality of us driving down a dark, gravel country road at thirty to forty miles an hour didn't register with me when my hands left his neck to tug at the hem of my sweater. If he wasn't going to do it, I was. Throwing the sweater over my head, I tossed it across the bench seat.

"Luce," Jude said, his voice just enough strained to let me know I was doing something very right. "I'm trying to drive here."

He'd put the brakes on this too many times before, metaphorically speaking - I wasn't letting him this time. I was planting my feet beneath that brake before he could slam down on it.

Moving my mouth just outside his ear, I whispered, "Me too," right before I took his earlobe into my mouth, sucking it softly.

Another sound slid up his throat, this one so loud it vibrated my chest. "Hell with it," he said, no amount of hesitation or uncertainty in his voice. It was as firm and resolute as his body thrumming beneath mine.

With one flick of his fingers, my bra snapped free from my back, sliding down my arms until it landed on the floor beside Jude's feet. His mouth covered mine again, hot and unyielding. I couldn't breathe. I didn't want to if it meant not being able to kiss Jude like he was kissing me right now. How he could make me feel his passion, his love, and his possession in one kiss was inexplicable. But he could. Jude's body expressed his feelings, more often than not, better than his words.

"A little help?" he breathed in the space of our mouths. His hand grabbed mine and lifted it to the top button of his shirt. "Unless you want to finish this thing in the hospital, I've got to keep one hand on the wheel." His words were strained, like I knew mine would be if I could talk right now. "I want to feel you against me, Luce," he said when my fingers forgot what they were supposed to be working on.

Even with both hands fumbling over it, it took me one long kiss to get the first button freed. I was graceful everywhere except being intimate with Jude. Here, I became a fumbling, fiddling mess of nerves and limbs. Deciding we'd be across the state line before I finished the job, I stopped kissing him so I could focus. Focus a bit more.

The way he looked at me rendered me almost useless. The emotions he could convey with those eyes always confounded me, no matter what I was attempting to do at the time.

"Are you sure this is safe?" I asked, forcing myself to take a controlled breath in. I had to replace and store as much oxygen as my lungs were capable before getting back after it. "Not that I really care, but I'm sure we're breaking about every traffic law ever put into motion, and I did kind of make you promise to stay on the straight and narrow." Two more buttons free, a few more to go.

I grinned - it was the little things that made me happy.

Jude's smile evened out as both eyes met mine for an instant. "Of course you're safe, Luce," he promised, one eye shifting back to the road. "I would never put you in harm's way. I would never let anything happen to you," he said, like it was a mantra. "You know that. Right?"

Leave it to Jude to take a simple question and to twist it into something it wasn't.

"Of course I do," I said, looking up at him before focusing on the next button. I wasn't letting the turn in conversation stop me. "I was just checking. Straddling a driver while we attempt to undress each other at forty miles per hour is a first for me. Just wanted to get the safety seal of approval before proceeding."

"This better be a first," he said, the serious lines of his face fading. "And consider your safety seal stamped. I was driving before I was jerking off, Luce. I can control a vehicle better than I can control myself."

"Baby," I said, freeing the last button right before I tugged the shirt free from his pants, "your words never fail to make me want to swoon and squirm at the same time."

Sweeping his shirt from his body, I slid my chest against his. The soft parts of my body formed against the hard parts of his. The lightest sheen of sweat was covering his chest, exchanging with the sheen of mine. Another uptick in speed.

"I wouldn't want to disappoint you, Luce," he said, his free hand clamping tight around my back, fitting my body against his like a key slipping into a lock.

This was the farthest he'd let things get since last spring, right before we graduated and discovered how our families and past tragically wove together. My body had forgotten how to breathe - I had to remind myself how to do it.

"You never do," I whispered through a smile as my hands moved down the cut planes of his stomach, settling on the seam of his jeans. Now this button my fingers managed to tug free in the space of one surprised inhalation.

"Luce." There was warning in his voice, but also welcoming.

I chose to hear the latter.

Pinching his zipper between my thumb and finger, I slid it down, torn between wanting to savor the moment and wanting to let it devour me whole. Done with the zipper, I folded the material of his jeans down and slid over him, moving down his body until I could feel his warmth between my legs.

He growled, moving beneath me, making me gasp out loud.

"Damn it," he muttered as both arms wound tight around me right before he slammed the brakes. His arms held me firmer than any seat belt could have.

"I thought you could handle it," I breathed, smirking at him.

His chest rising and falling hard against mine, he met my smirk with one of his own. "I was wrong."

And then his mouth covered mine, his hands forming over my face. His body pushed against mine, bowing my back over the steering wheel.

"Yes?" I managed to get out against his unyielding mouth. It was a one worded question he didn't need any further explanation to. It was one I'd been asking a while. One he'd never agreed to, up until tonight.

I felt his smile against my mouth as his tongue teased mine for another moment. Holding my face as firmly as one could and still be considered gently, his mouth left mine, his eyes taking their place.

"Hell, yes," he replied, his smile a dichotomy of peace and conflict.

Every muscle in my body clenched in anticipation. This was it. Finally. The man who'd slept with more women than I cared to know was finally allowing himself to sleep with his girlfriend.

"Are you sure?" he asked, looking like he'd bust something if I answered in the negative.

"I've been so sure I went on the pill the week after we got back together," I said, sliding up and down over his lap. He groaned again, his head falling back against the seat. "Are you sure?" I asked, moving a bit faster to sway his response.

"Luce, I've been so sure I went and got tested and have been carrying this rubber around in my back pocket since the day we got back together," he said, grinning that tortured kind at me.

I formed my hands around his face, tracing the scar that ran down the length of his cheek with my thumb. This man was everything I wanted - in every way a woman could want a man - and at last, I could have him the last way I hadn't.

"I love you, Jude," I said. Because that was all there was left to say.

The lines of his forehead ironed out. "And that makes me the luckiest bastard in the world."

I smiled at him. "Come here," I said, holding his face while lowering my mouth to his. "I want to know how the luckiest bastard in the world makes love."

"Yes, ma'am," he said before fitting his lips to mine.

His hands had just found their way to the button of my jeans when a blinding set of headlights exploded into the cab.

I groaned, covering my eyes with my forearm when the driver flicked the truck's brights on.

"Shit," Jude cursed, looking over his shoulder.

The truck door exploded open, followed by some male hooting and hollering.

"Expecting company?" I sighed, covering myself with my other arm as I worked my way off of his lap. It was painful, separating myself from that what-could-have-been.

"Not exactly," he replied, folding himself over my lap and grabbing my sweater. Lifting it over my head, he pulled it on, holding each arm for me as I worked each arm in. The sweater felt scratchier than it had five minutes ago.

Jude had just lifted his zipper when someone threw themselves against the driver side door.

"Ryder, man!" one of Jude's teammates hollered through the pane of glass, appraising the two of us. "You getting your freak on with this fine minx?" Looking at me, Jude's teammate wagged his brows. "You lucky bastard."

Looking my way, Jude smirked at me. "Told you."

A fire crackled at my feet, the stars blinked above me, Jude's arms held me tight against him, and the sound of an entire college football team belching their way through "Hey Jude" serenaded me.

"I can't believe this big night I thought you'd planned for us also involved more than fifty football players," I said, tilting my head back against Jude's chest so he could see my expression.

"Sorry, baby," he said, kissing the lines of my forehead. "I thought we'd have a couple hours to ourselves before these animals showed up."

A couple hours? I would have settled for, oh, about fifteen minutes.

The belching chorus came to an inconclusive ending, the temporary silence only to be interrupted by a chorus of flatulence. I groaned, closing my eyes and pinching my nose.

"Man, that was lame, Ryder." Tony's, Jude's number one wide receiver, unmistakable voice hollered across the campfire. "If I was trying to win a girl back, there's no way I'd go through the whole effort of bribing her roommate to get her to some mixer so I could have the DJ serenade her with some suckass oldies song why I professed my undying love to her."

I opened my eyes so I could deliver a glare through the fire at Tony. I loved the guy, his infectious character was impossible not to, most days. This wasn't one of those days.

"I'd just go up to her and be like, 'Hey, baby. How's it going?' You know, something real suave like that?" Tony smiled like the devil at me.

"Tony," Jude spoke up, curling his chin over my shoulder, "when was the last time you got one of your old girlfriends to take your sorry ass back?"

Tony's face scrunched up in contemplation. Shrugging, he answered, "Never."

"Exactly," Jude said, lifting his middle finger at him.

My arms were tucked tight into the blanket Jude had wrapped me in earlier, so when he lowered his finger, I nudged him. "One more for me."

Tony got the bird from Jude again, this one compliments of Lucy Larson.

"Come on, Lucy," Tony said as the rest of the players rocked in laughter, a few showering him in marshmallows. "You know I think you're the shit. I'm just jealous because you're about five times too good for Ryder and I want to get in on that five-times-too-good-for-me benefit too."

"Maybe if you stopped dropping the ball and started getting it into the end zone, you could manage to find a girl who wanted to do more than run her hands all over those twenty inch biceps," I said, cocking my head.

Jude stifled his laughter into the blanket. The rest of the team, not so much.

Popping his brows at me, Tony slid the sleeve of his t-shirt up, kissing his grotesquely large bicep, then repeated on the other one. "Stop hating on me, Lucy. Jude's going to catch onto us if you don't stop being so obvious," he said, ducking his head as Jude's mostly full sports drink bottle sailed past him. "And no need to worry about the end zone tomorrow, baby. I'm making that end zone my bitch."

"I won't hold my breath," I replied, no longer able to contain my smile with Tony's continued theatrics. At any given time, he was like watching a one man three-ring circus. And, all jesting aside, Tony was one hell of a wide receiver. Together, he and Jude had been setting records that would likely never be challenged.

"Here's what I don't get," Tony said, nudging the guy next to him. The team's number one kicker. I think his name was Kurt. Or maybe it was Kirk. Or Kent. Okay, K something. "In the appearance department, Ryder's a seven, maybe an eight," he said, narrowing his eyes as he inspected Jude. Kurt or Kirk appraised Jude, rubbing his chin.

"Then you're a negative two, Tony," I muttered, really cursing the fates that I was stuck bantering with a couple of Jude's teammates while the rest talked about and performed every male thing that should never be known to women.

"His personality gets a suck's ass," Tony continued, nudging the K named kicker. "So why, in all things unfair and unholy, does he get all the good ones lining up outside his door?"

Jude leaned forward. "I can give you an eight inch explanation, Rufello."

Tony and the kicker stared at Jude, then each other, right before their heads tipped back and they exploded with laughter.

Jude joined in about halfway through.

But something Tony said needed a little clearing up. "What good ones are lining up outside Jude's door?" I asked, trying to keep my voice even.

Tony's laughter trailed off, his dark eyes shifting away as soon as they landed on me. Jude's body stiffened just enough around me to cue me to something being off.

"You," Tony said, thrusting his hands my direction. "You're the 'good ones' lining up outside his door."

Nope, I wasn't buying it. I'd seen Tony close to tears the night his senior year high school VIP trophy got snapped in half when a guy used it as a baseball bat at one of the legendary parties at their house, and even then his smile was almost present. There wasn't a trace of it now, which meant Tony was working to cover something up.

"You," he repeated again, when I continued to hold him prisoner with my glare.

"And Adriana Vix," another one of Jude's teammates added behind us, sounding like he would be content to make love with the name alone.

Now my body tensed, no longer fitting around Jude's. Twisting in my seat between his legs, I met his eyes.

Nothing in them gave anything away. That was, perhaps, the worst way they could be.

"Who's Adriana Vix?" I asked, my voice the perfect blend of anxious and pissed off.

Jude's hands fitted around my face, staring straight into my eyes. It was hard to breathe when he looked at me like this. "No one," he answered, not removing his hands or stare from me.

"No one?" the guy from behind cried, taking a seat next to us. "Your definition of 'no one' must be girls a man would amputate half his limbs to be with. To be with once," the player whose name I couldn't remember, but I knew warmed a lot of benches, continued. He was going to be permanently riding benches if he didn't shove the Adriana Vix worship where the sun didn't shine.

"Matt," Jude warned, finally letting my face go, but only to rewrap me into his arms, "shut your trap."

"Your girl was the one that asked," he replied, holding up his hands. "I was just answering a question."

"Well, stop embellishing," Jude said, his voice level, but I could sense it wavering. About to spill over. "In fact, why don't you just stop talking for the rest of the night?"

Matt conceded with a shrug, taking a swig of his beer. If it wasn't for the team's two beer limit the night before a game, I could write off Matt's "Adriana Vix" worship as the ramblings of a drunk. Matt was sober as they came, which meant Adriana was as hot as he was implying.

Turning so I could lean my back into the side of Jude's bent leg, I met his gaze again. He was wearing his old gray beanie tonight, but only because it was cold. He no longer hid behind it.

"She likes you?" High scores for asking the question with as little emotion as possible.

He lifted a shoulder. "Maybe a little," he answered, his eyes never leaving mine.

"A little?!" Tony hooted across the campfire as a handful of others close by smirked at us. "Thanks to Ryder, the male populace of Syracuse have been enjoying even more of Adriana's ample bust on display. I thought they were about to pop out of that itty-bitty dress she showed up in yesterday." Tony whistled through his teeth, his eyes clouding in dreaminess. "That fine thing is on the prowl. And she's got her sights set on your man, love," he said, looking at me with a bit of pity. Like I'd already lost the game of Jude by default. Appearance default.

"Say that again, Tony," Jude warned, his jaw clenched, "and the only thing I'll be throwing at your pinhead again will be my boot."

"What?" Tony said. "Telling the truth about Adriana panting in heat for you?"

"No, shithead," Jude said, notes of anger slipping between his teeth. "Call my girl 'love' again. She's mine. I get to call her that. Not some pissant jerk-off with a big mouth."

There is was. The territorial Rottweiler that Jude was when it came to me. Usually, it pissed me off when he talked about me like I was something that could be owned, but right now, after hearing about the goddess with tits, I was fine with him going as territorial on me as he wanted.

"My bad," Tony said, rising and dusting off his pants. "Since I can't seem to keep my mouth shut, I better put myself to bed before I take a knuckle sandwich to the face." He smiled at me, but his eyes didn't match. There was still that hint of pity in them. Like I'd had my time and it was now drawing to a close. I was about to be overthrown by Adriana Vix. "Get all your ugly, hairy asses to bed," Tony yelled at the last remaining stragglers gazing with lidded eyes into the fire. "We've got some ass to kick tomorrow."

A chorus of grunts and hoots followed as most of the guys shoved themselves up and followed Tony into their respective tents or threw themselves across the tailgates of their trucks. This night was so not how I'd imagined it going.

Jude and I sat huddled together in silence for a minute, both of us staring into the dimming fire, waiting for the other to say something first.

"Do you like her?" I whispered before I realized I'd even thought it.

Jude's sigh was long and irritated. It was the first time I could remember being relieved that he was irritated at me. Spinning me around so I was facing him, but still sandwiched between his legs, he leveled me with those darkening eyes.

"No," he answered. "Not in the way your crazy woman mind is thinking."

He'd only caught a glimpse at how "crazy woman" my mind could get. "And what about in the other way?"

I watched the last flames of the fire's shadow dying on the side of Jude's cheek. "She's all right," he answered, lifting his brows and waiting. Because he knew enough about me to know something was coming.

"She's all right?" I repeated, my voice going up. "She's all right in a I'd-screw-her-in-two-seconds-flat-if-I-was-single kind of way, or she's all right as in she's just some girl?"

Jude had warned me months ago not to ask questions I didn't want honest answers to. I instantly wished I could take my question back.

"Luce," Jude said, unfurling the blanket cinched around me, grabbing my hands when he pulled them free, "you're my girl. The girl." To join the other emotions flashing over his face, a trace of pain did as well. "When I look at Adriana, or any other girl for that matter, that's all I see. Some other girl who isn't my girl. I don't see them, Luce. I see you," he continued, his skin lining between his brows. "I've only ever seen you."

The worry clenching my stomach started to unravel.

"So could you please, for the love of God, cut out the paranoid girl act?"

With Jude, when he was like this, the best thing to do was cease and desist. I knew that, but I was never one to follow that advice and I wouldn't start now.

"Kind of like you didn't go all paranoid boyfriend on Thomas and me earlier tonight?" If my words didn't point the finger of hypocrisy his way, my gaze certainly did.

Jude's words caught in his mouth. Clamping it shut, his forehead lined as he leaned back into the log behind him. Face lined, eyes narrowed, teeth working at the right side of his cheek. This was a new expression of Jude's I'd become increasingly familiar with lately. It was his look of contemplation, and one he'd worked hard on to replace when his gut reaction was anger.

I waited, giving him as much time and space as he needed.

"Luce," he said at last, his voice soft, "what do you want me to do?" He paused, waiting for my response, but I wasn't sure what he was asking, so no response came.

"Please, just tell me," he continued. "Tell me what you want me to say, and do, when it comes to Adriana or any other girl that looks my way, and I'll do it. You want me to fire a spit wad between their eyes? So be it. You want me to flip them off any time any one of them looks my way? You got it. You want me to poke my eyes out so I can't see another one of their suggestive smiles again?" he trailed on, half of his face squishing together. "Well, that would suck, but I'd do it. For you." Cradling my face in his hands again, he leaned forward so his eyes were staring into mine from half a foot away. "Just tell me, baby. What do you want me to do?"

I couldn't put it into words because when asked point blank, I didn't even know what I wanted him to do or say when it came to other women shaking their tits Jude's way. Men like Jude couldn't walk through a cemetery without being hit on. So what did I want from him when it came to the never ending supply of girls ready and willing to throw themselves into his bed at the first chance? Did I want him to be mean to them? Well, yeah, kind of, but some save-the-world part of me recognized this wasn't the answer. So what was?

That question would have to remain unanswered because I had something else on my mind.

Lacing my fingers through his where they warmed my face, I scooted closer until I'd killed the half foot space keeping us apart. "I want you to take me to bed."

I was sure I'd never seen the wrinkles lining Jude's face disappear so quickly. "Now that, I can't only do," he replied, scooping me into his arms before rising, "I can do it with a smile."

I could have laughed if I'd let myself, but one name still hung between us. I wasn't ready or able to push the delete button on Adriana Vix trying to get her claws into my man.

"Wait until you get a look at the set up I made for us," Jude said, his voice light as he carried me across the makeshift campground to his rusted out truck. It was so rusted you couldn't tell if it'd originally been black or grey or some shade in between. He'd gotten the truck for next to nothing from some old farmer and had used part of the funds he made working at the garage to buy the parts it needed. The inside of the car was in fine working shape, but judging from the exterior, the truck looked like it needed to be junked.

I loved that Jude didn't care what anyone else but me thought. I loved how he'd said the inside was what counted. I knew he'd been talking about cars, his truck specifically, when he'd said it, but I'd still gone a little soft in the knees.

Weaving through a few of his teammates new, souped-up monster trucks, Jude stopped at the back of his. Lowering the tail gate with one hand, it screeched open. "Your room for the night, Miss Larson," he said in a sing-song voice, motioning at the air mattress and mound of blankets and pillows lining the back of his truck. He'd even put a foil wrapped chocolate on my pillow, right beside one white rose.

In high school, I'd learned what the colors of roses meant, and how you could decipher a guy's intentions based on what kind he gave you. Pink meant he had a crush on you, yellow meant he wanted to be friends - I couldn't count the number of abandoned yellow roses I'd seen decorating the insides of garbage cans in the high school halls - red meant he was in love, and white stood for purity.

Meaning his intentions were pure.

Meaning he didn't want to do all the things a girl was envisioning doing in the back of his truck bed at night.

Damn white roses all to hell.

But, even in my white rose hating moment, I kind of loved it too. As soon as I thought I had Jude Ryder close to figured out, he went and left a white rose on my pillow. On the bed we'd be sharing a few hours after he'd just agreed to have sex with me in the cab of his truck, pressed up against the butt of his steering wheel.

"You can be rather romantic when you put your mind to it," I said, looking up at him.

"Don't tell anyone," he said, sitting me down on the tailgate. It groaned beneath me. "It would ruin my badass reputation. Plus, you think the girls are lining up now..." he hinted, giving me a boyish smirk.

I shoved his chest; this reaction earned a chuckle from him.

So I decided to give him something he wasn't expecting. Grabbing two fistfuls of his thermal, I pulled him to me.

"Come here," I whispered, lowering my eyes to his mouth. "Let me put those girls in their place."

His lips had just parted with their surprised inhalation when my mouth covered them, working them further apart. His hands gripped the flesh below my hips, sliding me to the edge of the tailgate so I was pressed right against him. At this angle, we were a perfect fit. That realization made me kiss him harder, my hands joining in the game of not being able to explore him fast or hard enough.

I could hear the quickened beating of Jude's heart. I could feel how every part of him wanted me. I could see the uncertainty eclipse his eyes when I wound my legs tight around his torso, rubbing myself down him. I could sense the conflict trying to take over his bout of carelessness, and I wanted to stop it in its tracks.

Grabbing the hem of his shirt, I tore it up his back, trying to launch it over his head.

Only to be stopped before it had made it past his chest.

"Yes?" I asked again, this time knowing his answer.

He didn't pause. "No," he said firmly. "Not like this."

I groaned so loudly I might have woken a couple of the guys closest to us. "Not like what? Hot, passionate, burning the night apart sex?"

Jude grinned so widely the scar on his cheek puckered. Gripping the tailgate, he worked on regulating his breathing.

"That sounds good," he said, his breathing almost normal. Mine wouldn't be normal for at least another ten minutes. "But I'm not really into the kind where my girl is motivated to have sex with me because of jealousy over another girl. At least not for our first time," he said, pressing a soft kiss into my temple. "After that, I will gladly entertain and endure any and all bouts of jealous, angry sex you want to toss my way."

I shoved him again, resolved to this night taking a chaste turn. Kicking my boots off, I scooted back onto the air mattress, tucking the blankets around me.

Still grinning at me, Jude kicked his boots off and leapt into the trunk. The air mattress popped me up a good foot. Tucking himself behind me, one arm wound under me and the other extended above me, holding out one white rose.

Jude laughed into the back of my neck.

I grabbed the rose and chucked it outside of the truck.

CHAPTER THREE

It was raining - more like pouring. At least, that's what I thought as I drifted awake. Then I heard the stifled laughter and realized the reason my clothing and blankets clung to me sopping wet had nothing to do with nature.

I'd just opened my eyes when one of Jude's teammates, hovering over us on top of the cab, upended a five gallon bucket of water on us. I shrieked as the members of the football team exploded in laughter around Jude's truck. That was, until Jude lurched awake, taking a swing at the first male that moved.

The player standing on his cab leapt off the truck before Jude could snag one of his ankles, but Jude was out of the bed and chasing him one second later. The poor guy wouldn't get far.

"Why you running, Clay?" Jude yelled after him, leaving a trail of water splatters behind him. "We both know I'm a hell of a lot faster than you!"

Watching Jude close the gap between him and Clay, I wrung my hair out and threw the heavy blankets off to the side. They made a smacking sound when they hit the truck.

I made sure to aim my glare at every last player standing around, ending on Tony, who was smiling at me with that boyish grin. He was already forgiven before he opened his mouth. "What?" he said, like I was over reacting. "Sorry, Lucy. But it's no fair Ryder got to stay warm last night snuggled up to your fine ass. We had to even the scales a bit."

Bouncing my way down the mattress, I threw myself over the tailgate. "Next time you boys decide to 'even the scales' with Jude, could you please wait to dump a crapload of water until I'm out of the truck?" I wanted to grab a blanket to wrap around me, but all of them were drenched. "It's freezing out here." My breath was fogging the air, making me shiver even more.

Tony's smile faded just barely. "Ah, hell, Lucy," he said, shrugging out of his sweatshirt. "We're animals. We live in the moment and don't really think about the consequences of our actions." Holding his sweatshirt out to me like it was a peace offering, his brows lifted. "Forgive us?"

Not in this lifetime, would have been my response had I been able to get it out around my chattering. I hated few things more than being cold - a root canal without Novocaine one of those few.

Scowling at Tony, so he knew this didn't absolve him of any of his involvement in this morning's prank, I grabbed the sweatshirt that could have fit two normal sized men with room to spare.

"Take this piece of shit back." Appearing from behind me, Jude grabbed Tony's sweatshirt out of my hands and flung it at his face. "Next time you or any of you bastards do that to my girl again, I'm beating all your asses. You got that?" Jude hollered, his eyes sweeping over his still and silent teammates.

He waited until every last one of them had nodded their agreement.

"And you," Jude said, stepping forward and putting his finger in Tony's face. "Don't you ever try to give my girl something of yours to put on her body." The muscles just below Jude's neck were sticking out like shark fins he was so tense. "Or I'm never throwing another ball your way. Got that?"

And I thought I'd been pissed over a few gallons of water.

"Ryder," Tony said, lifting his hands in surrender.

Jude took another step at him until their chests were butting against each other. "You. Got. It?"

Tony dropped his eyes, taking a step back. "I got it."

"Good," Jude replied, turning towards me. The planes of anger dissolved. "Let's get you some dry clothes," he said, his voice low and controlled.

I nodded my assent. I didn't know how he could turn his anger on and off like it was hotwired to a switch, but it was as much a gift as it was a curse.

"Hey, Ryder," one of his teammates called after him. One of the ones who'd been on the outskirts and hadn't experienced a lethal dose of Jude fury. No one on the inner circle would be addressing him for a while. "What the hell did you do to Hopkins?"

Jude wrapped his arm around me, steering me towards the passenger side of his truck. "Locked him in your trunk, Palinski!"

When I peered up at him, he gave me his tilted smile.

"You didn't," I said, knowing he had.

"Hell, yes, I did," he said, throwing open the door and leaning across the seat to retrieve his duffel bag. "And that's not all the payback that little douche is going to suffer today."

"Do I want to know?"

Shuffling through the contents of his bag, he pulled out a dark, long-sleeved shirt. "No. You don't," he answered, handing the shirt back at me. "But you'll see."

Tucking the warm, dry shirt into my hands, I nodded. "Something to look forward to."

"Ryder," Tony said, clearing his throat as he stepped around the front of the truck. He was holding out his phone. "Coach just called. He wants us in an hour earlier than usual. I told him it would take us at least an hour to get back. He said we'd better haul ass." His face was almost a wince, like he was anticipating a fly off the cuff reaction from Jude.

"If coach wanted us to be there an hour early, he should have told us sooner," Jude replied, not looking at him as he shuffled through some more contents in his bag. "I've got to get Luce some breakfast before taking her back to our place, so coach will just have to wait."

"You want me to tell him that's the reason you're late?" Tony asked, nothing antagonistic about it, just an honest to goodness question.

"Damn straight I do," Jude said, grabbing my waist and lifting me into the cab. "Tell him my girl comes before football. Tell him my girl's breakfast comes before football." Turning his gaze on Tony, he stared at him, waiting.

"You need me to write that down for you or you think you can manage that?" he added when Tony just stared his answer.

"Nah," he said finally, managing a small smile. "Girl. Breakfast. Then football," he recited, tapping his head. "I think I got it."

Fastening the center lap belt over me, Jude slammed the passenger side door and came around the front of the truck. Pausing outside the driver's side door, he peeled the wet thermal up and over his head, throwing it into the trees. Opening the door, he threw himself in and cranked the truck on. Blasting the heaters on, he centered every one of them on me. I'd just been freezing cold, and now everything felt all gooey and warm, even though the heat hadn't kicked in yet. All because of one recently de-shirted man, wet and smiling beside me.

"What?" he said, his smile jacking higher as I continued to stare at him.

Sweeping my eyes down his upper half, I ended my investigation at his silver eyes. I matched my smile to his. "Now that's a sight to wake up to in the morning."

After assuring Jude I in no way required a sit down breakfast and that an egg white sandwich and a hot cup of coffee would be more than sufficient, we pulled into the driveway of the house he and five other guys rented. If it wasn't for the man I loved living in it, I wouldn't have stepped inside. It wasn't flat out filthy, but it was close, and the whole place - no matter if it was morning or afternoon, weekend or weekday - smelled like dirty laundry and sex.

It took an hour and a half to get back, after taking Jude's insisted pit stops for food and caffeine, which meant he was already running a half hour late. Jude wasn't the everyday college football player, he was the one coaches prayed for on Sundays, so he wouldn't be riding the bench. But he'd be in trouble. Some sort or another.

"I'll walk you in," he said, still shirtless, still smiling that barely-there smile of his. Having to sit next to that man for close to ninety minutes, managing to keep my hands off of him, should have earned me some sort of medal. A big one.

"You've got a game to win," I said, kissing the corner of his mouth that was upturned. "I know my way around."

"Watch your step. I think Ben might have had a party last night while the rest of us were gone and you know how his parties are," he said, catching my chin between his thumb and finger. Moving closer, his lips barely grazed mine before they ended on the underside of my jawline. Running his lips down, his teeth grazed the sensitive skin. And the man was still shirtless, so I could witness every muscle that tightened and rolled as his mouth and hands explored me.

Screw the medal, I deserved the virtuous equivalent of the Nobel Peace Prize.

I trembled when his mouth left me. Unmistakably trembled like I was experiencing withdrawals.

I knew he'd be gloating. Jude loved the way he could make me feel and the responses he could unravel from me. However, I was starting to get a little tired of all the foreplay leading up to a whole lotta nothing.

Reaching for the door handle, I exhaled, working to recompose myself. "See you in a few," I said, failing the recomposed test. "I'll be the one of fifty thousand screaming, throwing my arms in the air, and yelling your name."

"You're the only thing I see out there, Luce," he said as I scooted out of the door.

He handed me my bag, propping his other arm over the steering wheel. I wanted to take a picture to freeze that moment. It would keep me warm during the cold winter nights in New York when I slept solo in my bed.

"Yeah, you're kind of the only thing I see out there too," I said. "But it's mainly because of the way your ass looks in that spandex."

He huffed. "And I thought I was the world title holder in objectification."

"Was, Ryder," I clarified, "was being the operative term."

CHAPTER FOUR

At least the shower that Jude and Tony shared was clean. At least clean by college bachelor standards.

It had taken a half hour of scalding hot water to do the job of warming me back up. I couldn't remember a shower feeling so good, especially knowing it was where Jude stood buck nak*d a couple of times a day. I'd even found my eyes closing in imagination as I soaped my body with his bath wash.

Winding my hair into a towel, I brushed my teeth and slipped into my jeans and Jude's favorite Syracuse football sweatshirt. It hadn't been washed, so it still smelled like him. Fortunately, the good kind of his smells - soap and man - and not the way he smelled post practice.

I slipped on my boots before leaving the bathroom because Jude hadn't exaggerated - his bedroom was a mess. Like someone might want to consider calling the hazmat team kind of a mess. I'd had to dodge obstacles like beer bottles, cardboard cutouts of bikini clad women laying on the floor sideways, and one pair of crumbled up boxers to get to Jude's room earlier. The only thing that made his room cleaner than the rest of the house was the lack of girly cardboard cutouts decorating the floor.

Closing the bathroom door behind me, I stepped back into Jude's room, stopping in my tracks almost immediately. This was not the same room I'd left thirty minutes ago. I had to double check the photo of the two of us he had decorating his dresser to assure myself this was, indeed, Jude's room.

The room was clean, almost sparkly clean. The bed was made; the corners had even been pulled tight and folded over. There wasn't a single article of clothing decorating the carpet or any flat surface like there was just a while ago. The mess was gone, but it had been exchanged for something almost as offensive in my opinion.

Orange and white crepe paper twirled from the ceiling fan to the corners of the room. Human sized poster boards gleaming with orange glitter with the number seventeen, Go Ryder, or Syracuse #1 were plastered at least three to a wall. Someone had called the ra-ra police on Jude and he was going to be over the rainbow pissed when he saw.

Walking tentatively across the room I didn't recognize, I slid open the top drawer of my dresser and shoved my toiletry bag back inside. Jude and I tried to switch weekends, so I was at his place every other. Instead of just lending me a drawer of his for my stuff, he'd gone out and bought a whole dresser just for my use. The gesture had rendered me a rare speechless.

Sliding the drawer closed, I took another investigation of the room. The picture of us caught my attention again. Taking a few steps closer, I understood why. A shatter line ran diagonal across it, cutting Jude from me almost perfectly. Lifting the picture, I ran my finger along the line, suppressing the shudder.

"Sorry about that."

I startled, the picture slipping from my hands and cartwheeling into the corner of Jude's nightstand. The glass fractured one more time, but didn't shatter.

Sure I'd cry if I continued to stare at the fractured photo at my feet, I spun around. Only to wish I'd stared an eternity longer at that cracked glass.

"I accidentally knocked it over earlier when I was cleaning," the tall, lean girl in an orange and white cheer uniform gliding around Jude's room said, not looking at me.

"Who are you?" I asked needlessly, crossing my arms. I already knew.

"Adriana," she said, offering nothing else as she carried an overflowing laundry basket of folded clothes over to Jude's dresser. "You know, no one's allowed in the player's room pre game except for their Spirit Sister," she said, pulling open the top drawer before she began stacking Jude's underwear inside.

Two emotions hit me right then, watching Adriana Vix - a girl who was doubly as tall and pretty as me - pawing all over my boyfriend's clean underwear as she layered them away. There was anger - pure and raw - likely the kind Jude felt. And there was something that clenched my throat and heart tight, feeling like both might break.

"I'm his girlfriend," I replied, trying to let the anger speak. "I'm allowed any time I want. You can run that by" - I pointed at the signs - "number seventeen if you don't believe me. And what the hell is a Spirit Sister? Other than the obvious," I finished, appraising her before curling my nose.

She was copper skinned, dark haired, and had these grassy green eyes that almost glowed against the contrast of her dark skin. Her legs were so long her cheer skirt appeared more like a pair of panties than a skirt, and as Tony had so ardently put it, she had huge tits. And apparently had no problem letting the world know those tits on a leave-nothing-to-the-imagination level.

"Each one of the cheerleaders is assigned to one of the football players. One of the top performing football players, because there aren't enough of us to cover them all and what's the point of waiting hand and foot on the benchers anyways?" she explained, sliding Jude's top drawer closed and moving to the second one down. Folded and pressed shirts went into that one, color coded even.

"I'm the captain of my team, and Jude's the star of his. We were an obvious match," she said, smiling into Jude's clean shirts.

It was impressive how appealing ripping out clumps of this chick's shiny dark hair was. I even recognized there'd be consequences, possibly even an overnighter in prison. And I didn't care.

"Obviously," I deadpanned, narrowing my eyes as she moved to the next drawer, stacking the three only pairs of pants Jude owned. "So what? As Spirit Sisters you get to clean their rooms, do their laundry, bake them brownies, that kind of fifties housewife shit?" Ah, there it was. That temper I needed to rise so I didn't choke on my words in front of this exotic Barbie.

Turning around, she dropped the empty laundry basket on the floor. "And whatever other needs they might want taken care of," she said, her smile telling the whole story.

I felt my fists balling, bracing for impact. I had yet to be in a cat fight, but I felt one coming on strong.

"Listen, Adriana, wasn't it?" I said, coming around to the foot of Jude's bed, standing as tall as I could. She still towered a solid half foot above me. "I know the game you're playing. I've seen it played a million different times and a million different ways. But let me save you the suspense on the outcome of this little one you're trying to manipulate."

I took another step forward, crossing my arms because I didn't trust them not to think of their own accord and land a punch right between those pretty green eyes. "You will lose. Jude is with me and I'm with Jude. The end. You can ask him if you need further explanation."

Adriana's lips pursed for a moment before they flattened back into that waxy smile. "You don't do his laundry, you don't clean his room, we all know you don't put out, so what good are you to him? A man has needs. He might be yours today. But what about tomorrow?" She leaned into his dresser, her fingers playing with the corner of it. I didn't want her fingers running over anything of Jude's like that.

"All right, let me put this in stupid people terms," I said, steepling my fingers under my chin. "Stay away from Jude or I will, figuratively and literally, kick your ass. With a smile," I added, plastering one on.

Arching a pair of the most meticulously sculpted brows I'd seen, Adriana clucked her tongue. "You want to know what happened to the last girl that stood in my way?"

Not really, but I couldn't resist. "What?"

She lifted a shoulder, gliding across the room towards the door on those damn never ending legs. "I don't know. I never heard anything about her again after I landed her man," she said, peering back at me. "She was drowned in my wake. You better hope you can swim if you go up against me."

This bitch was lucky I was letting her leave in one piece. "Like a damn fish."

By the time I'd weaved my way through thousands of fans to get to the seat saved for me every home game, my anger and Adriana hate hadn't dimmed even in the slightest. I knew had I shouldered into Miss Vix here, that cat fight that had eluded me for eighteen years would have come to a head.

Side-stepping down the front row, carefully balancing my popcorn and hot chocolate, I found a familiar face in the seat next to my front and center one.

"Hey, you!" Holly shouted above the crowd at me, grabbing the popcorn from me so I could get myself situated.

"I didn't think you could make it," I replied, giving her a sideways hug before taking my seat. Syracuse had yet to take the field, but we were seconds away, judging from the eardrum bursting volume in the dome. Jude leading his team out on the field to the adoration of thousands, that spandex forming and highlighting the muscles of his that deserved to be highlighted... well, it was a sight I never wanted to miss.

Keeping my eyes locked on the tunnel home team charged out of, I nudged Holly's leg. "Your mom agreed to watch little Jude for a night?"

"It took some creative convincing, and I had to agree to frost her hair for free for a year, but yeah, she agreed. Plus, I had to perm like a dozen heads of old lady hair at the nursing home in town to afford the airfare," Holly said, tossing a piece of popcorn into her mouth. "This is my first night off, and judging by mom's lack of enthusiasm to watch her only grandchild, it will likely be my last for a while, so I'm letting my hair down tonight, girl. " Weaving her fingers through her hair, Holly mussed it, then threw her head forward, giving it a rip-roaring shake. "Fair warning," she added, when she swung her head back up. Her long blond hair had just achieved an inch and a half of height.

"Just make sure you use a condom this time," I said, smirking at her from the side. "And you don't crawl onto anything that remotely resembles Sawyer Diamond."

"Not funny," she said, shoving my arm.

"How is Mr. Diamond?" I asked, not caring, but guessing she had the scoop since we lived in a town where everyone knew everyone else's business.

"Don't know. Don't care," she answered. "However, I find a great deal of satisfaction in knowing every time one of his friends enjoys a fine piece of ass, he's getting lucky with nothing other than the soft side of his hand."

I laughed, holding out my hot cocoa. She took it, shooting a smile my way.

After learning she wasn't Jude's love child's mother, I was able to look at Holly in a neutral light. And I'd grown to like her. A lot. Our looks weren't the only thing similar about the two of us - our personalities were so similar she often said the exact thing I was about to. Only Holly was braver in her delivery. What I was too chicken to act out, Holly did without a second thought.

It was a trait I wanted to sharpen.

The visiting team erupted from their tunnel, welcomed by the booing and bantering of almost the whole dome. Holly even joined in, lobbing a few pieces of popcorn onto the field.

And then the flags of orange and white, followed by a backflipping, high kicking cheer crew I hated as a whole based on principle, burst out of home tunnel. I didn't need to consult the number on his chest to identify him when he sprinted out of the tunnel. Jude had a particular brand of swagger, even in a run, that I'd be able to identify fifty years from now.

"I swear that man swaggers in his sleep," I yelled over at her.

"Yeah, but Jude's swagger is justified, not manipulated. He moves with that strut because he knows how to make a woman throw her head back in bed. And he knows it," she said, tipping the hot cocoa back.

"Yes, he does," I mumbled, lost in the sea of noise.

The stadium went wild, screaming, chanting, and bowing as their hero led his team onto the field. In barely two months of college play, Jude had already become a legend. He played on a whole different level than the rest of the college boys. He played like he was a god. And his fans worshipped him accordingly.

Shooting up in my seat, grabbing Holly up with me, I bounced, hooted, and hollered with the best of them. So much so, I already felt hoarse when Jude took his spot on the sidelines, right in my line of sight. The coach was talking to him, but Jude looked back, his eyes finding me right away. The benefits of calling the front and center seat for your girlfriend, I suppose. He waved at Holly, then winked at me, which I answered with an air kiss. His grin split his face mask before he turned his attention back at his coach.

"That man has such a stare-worthy, needs-to-be-grabbed-onto-in-handfuls ass," Holly said, gazing a little dreamily at Jude's backside. I would have been jealous had it been anyone but Jude's childhood best friend. Holly, and only Holly, could make an honest observation about Jude's ass without me going all jealous girlfriend on her.

"I mean, that's something a girl could hold onto in bed," Holly added, munching on a piece of popcorn.

A flash of heat flushed my cheeks, assigning a picture to that statement.

Like he could feel our eyes devouring his backside, Jude shifted his arm back and gave it a smack, throwing me a quick smirk over his shoulder before huddling up with a few of his starters.

Jude Ryder was all kinds of cruel.

"So," Holly began, elbowing at my side, "you guys...?"

I glared over at her from the side.

"That was a firm no," she muttered, hiding her smile behind the hot chocolate cup.

I watched as Jude and the guys took the field after the kick off. Number twenty-three's name caught my attention. Where "Hopkins" had been stenciled in his jersey the entire season, tonight's jersey had the word "Douche" written in black sharpie on a piece of duct tape. Jude took his payback seriously.

"Well, it hasn't been for lack of trying," I said, turning in my seat to face her. I was comfortable talking with Holly about Jude's apparent inability to sleep with me because Holly was the epitome of nonjudgmental. I doubted she would have raised a brow had I divulged I had some sort of toe sucking fetish. "On my part, at least," I added.

"You know it isn't because he doesn't want to, right?" she said, looking over at me. "Because the man wants you so bad he's about to explode in his pants. He's just hell bent on doing this whole thing right by you. He doesn't want to screw anything up, and if you're Jude, you believe that screwing up is in your nature." She paused, nibbling on a piece of popcorn as Jude lined up behind his offensive line. I hopped up with the rest of the fans. "Just give him some time."

"Much more time, and I'm going to implode and then whether it's right or wrong to sleep with me won't matter," I responded, holding my breath as Jude crouched into position.

"Honey, I know the feeling," Holly said. "This mare has been taken out to spring pasture since before little Jude."

"God, Holly," I said, almost choking on my kernel of popcorn, but then the center hiked the ball and I froze. Jude feinted to the side, then the other, arching the football back as Tony charged down the field. Jude's arm blurred, the ball arching into a praise worthy spiral, ticking off the yards until it landed in Tony's cradled arms at the fifteen.

The crowd exploded, pom-poms shaking, foam hands bouncing, fanatics chanting; it was more intense than any rock concert I'd attended.

"Damn!" Holly shouted over at me, after whistling through her teeth, "that boy isn't only out there for ass candy."

"He can play," I said, underemphasizing. "Ass candy is just an honorary title."

Holly smarted something back, but Jude was back in position and I tuned everything else out. This time, as soon as Jude caught the ball, he ran it. Dodging a couple of players that slipped by his line, he blazed a path past the ten, past the five, and the last few yards were wide open.

And we were on the board with six points less than a minute into the game. I knew there was no J in team, but those points were almost all thanks to number seventeen, Jude Ryder.

Gripping the rail in front of me, I jumped, hollering out at the field. Holly was screaming too, although hers was punctuated by "ass candy" every other word.

Jude dropped the ball in the end zone, having long abandoned the theatrics of scoring a touchdown after his first game. Something about running a ball into the end zone one to two times a game had a way of making theatrics a bit lackluster.

However, there was one opening touchdown tradition he hadn't let die. I was already leaning over the railing before he'd jogged over the ten. It felt like half the dome's eyes were on me because if any of them had been to a game, they knew why Jude Ryder was sliding his helmet off and who he was smiling at.

I'd never been one for making a scene or partaking in public displays of affection, but when it came to Jude, I'd take him anyway he offered himself to me. No matter if we were alone or the focus of thousands of crazed fans. When we were looking at each other the way we were now, everything faded into oblivion.

Shouldering a hole through his teammates slapping him on the back as he passed, he dropped his helmet before leaping into the air. His hands caught the top rail of the front row and, performing the hanging from the side of a barricade equivalent of a chin-up, he lifted himself up.

Leaning over farther, I grinned down at his sweat beaded face. "Show off," I whispered, so close I could almost taste the salt of his skin.

His smile curved higher. "Come here," he ordered, dropping his eyes to my lips.

Dropping my mouth to his, I tasted the salty sweat of his skin. And then I kissed him. The crowd exploded again, loving the show their star quarterback was giving them. But we weren't doing it for them. This, we did for us. Everything we did as a couple we did for us.

He didn't let me break away when I moved to. Instead, he somehow managed to hold himself with one arm while the other grabbed the back of my neck and pulled me back at him. He kissed me harder, so I couldn't breathe and the stadium was spinning and, as expected, everything except for Jude faded away. I had totally and completely faded into him.

Then, leaning back, he pressed one last sweet kiss into my lips. "My god, Luce," he breathed, the warmth of it coating my face, "how's a man supposed to concentrate on football after that?"

"Good luck with that," I answered, my voice as staggered as I'd guessed it would be.

"There better be more where that came from after the game," he said, flashing an impish grin as he lowered himself down.

"Plenty," I called down to him.

"Ryder!" The head coach hollered above the noise, "I sure as hell know you don't mind making a fool of yourself, but quit making a fool of me and the rest of the team! Calm your dick down and focus!"

Jude rolled his eyes up at me before turning and heading back to the sideline.

"Good to see you too, Jude!" Holly yelled, crossing her arms and looking positively put out.

Spinning around, Jude extended his arms. "You know I love ya, Hol!"

"Yeah, yeah," she muttered, waving him off.

And then a bronzed goddess put herself in Jude's path, hands on her h*ps and giving him a look that made me see red all over again. She said something, but I couldn't hear what. Although I knew that had I been a lip reader, I would have been throwing myself over the railing and slapping that suggestive little smile off her face.

Jude nodded in acknowledgement, reaching down to retrieve his helmet. Adriana moved faster, grabbing the helmet and swinging it out of his reach. Jude reached for it, but she dodged him, lifting it higher. Jude's face wasn't amused, and mine was enraged. This chick was resorting to playground tactics to get a boy's attention. It was weak. And pathetic.

Reaching again for it, Adriana side-stepped, hanging it out of Jude's grasp. He paused, hanging his hands on his hips, and blew out a breath. It looked like he said please, to which she shook her head. Then, her eyes landed on me before she tapped her cheek with her finger. She waited, holding his helmet away from him, making sure I was watching her. I was.

So when Jude leaned in and gave her a peck on the cheek, she got to witness the storm that clouded my face. Lowering the helmet, she handed it back to him, but not before she lifted a brow at me and settled a victorious smile in its place.

"Who is that bitch?" Holly said, sounding as enraged as I felt.

Glowering at her even after she'd spun around and rejoined the rest of her Spirit Sisters, I planned my revenge. "She's about to be a dead bitch."

CHAPTER FIVE

"Put this on," Holly ordered me, throwing a wad of red cloth my way. Stopping it before it parachuted into my face, I held it in front of me. It was a strapless, slinky, knee-length dress.

"Why?" I asked. In a man's world, this was considered hot. In a woman's world, it was considered trashy.

"Because you're going to beat that Vix bitch at her own game," she sneered, unfolding a white halter dress that was considerably shorter than mine.

"Vix bitch," I repeated as I slid Jude's sweatshirt over my head. "It's got a catchy ring to it."

"That's because her ancestors were the muse for the term."

I chuckled as I fought with peeling my skinny jeans off my body. I was glad Holly was here. She'd all but held my hand through the rest of the game that Syracuse won, thanks to one Jude Ryder getting a total of seven passes into the end zone in one game. Between glaring holes into Adriana's back and screaming at the top of my lungs after every completed pass Jude tossed, I was a drained wreck.

"What time is it?" I asked as Holly texted someone on her phone.

"'Bout time you got your ass into that dress and showed Vix Bitch that revenge is a dish best served with a smokin' side of Lucy."

I sighed and stepped into the dress.

"Just hurry, okay? The street's already packed with cars and the team's going to be rolling up soon. You want to be down there when Jude bursts in because you're going to be the only thing he sees in that thing," Holly said, shuffling out of her own clothes and sliding into the white dress.

It was a team tradition that Jude's house hosted the home game after parties. There was never a shortage of women and alcohol, and inhibitions were always in short supply, so a wild time would and could be had by all. The last party the team had hosted here a few weeks back, Jude and I had just hid out in his dark room, petting the hell out of each other. I would be more than okay with a repeat of that tonight.

Tying the halter behind her neck, Holly tossed a cosmetics bag onto Jude's bed and began sifting through its contents. Grabbing a few tubes, she marched towards me, wielding them like they were weapons.

"Hold still," she ordered, uncapping what I guessed was black eyeliner.

"Make me," I shot back, knowing arguing with Holly was futile.

"Don't think I won't."

Giving in with a sigh, I closed my eyes and let her have her way with them. The girl lined, mascaraed, and glossed me in under a minute. She had a gift.

"What size shoe do you wear?" she asked, hurrying back over to her suitcase while I smacked my lips together.

"Seven and a half."

"Ah, perfect." Prying a pair of black, patent leather pumps from her bag, she tossed them on the floor by my feet.

I tried sliding my foot inside one, but it wasn't going. Peering down at the size, I understood why. "These are sixes," I said, wondering if my boots or barefoot would be the better option.

"So?" she said, dabbing her lips with a shell pink gloss.

How was this not making sense? "So that's one and a half sizes too small." There - I'll spell it out for her.

"Beauty is pain, sweetpea," she said, flashing a pair of silver strappy heels from her bag and fastening them on. "Put those sexy ass shoes on and work it."

"Should I even put up an argument?" I asked, clenching my teeth as I worked my first foot into the tiny shoe, praying a few hours of wearing them tonights wouldn't affect my dancing for a few weeks to come.

"You could," she said, throwing her head forward again and teasing the roots. "But it would be a waste of time."

"I figured as much," I muttered, bracing myself as I slid my other foot into the last shoe.

"Okay, let me get a look at you," she said, sliding a silver chandelier earring into her ear. She studied me, like a painter inspected their masterpiece, and a smile made a slow journey into position. "Take off your underwear."

"What?" I said, never prepared for the next thing that came out of Holly's mouth. "No!"

"Take. Them. Off," she repeated, sliding the last earring into place.

"You take yours off," I threw back like an insolent child.

Her smile broadened. "They already are, baby."

Shudder.

"Holly," I said, "I'm not taking my underwear off. End of story."

"Oh, yes, you damn well are," she fired back. "End of story."

I opened my mouth to volley back, but nothing came out. It was hard work making a logical argument against this kind of insanity.

"Lucy, you want to rub Adriana Vix's perfect little face in her own pile of shit, you've got to have as many tricks in your bag as she does. Because I know her type and they play dirty. And they're relentless little hoe-bags."

Marching over towards me, she rammed her fists on her hips. "Trick number one: your hot little number," she started, waving her hands down my dress. "Trick number two: you're going to give Jude a pair of lidded bedroom eyes across the room any time he looks your way. Trick number three: you'll be gracious and flattered when the droves of guys line up around you to drive him nuts," - Holly must not have experienced Jude's wrath if she thought any guy within the state would make a pass at me with Jude in the same room - "and trick number four" - she wagged her brows at me - "Adriana comes within an arm's length of him, you nonchalantly slip those panties into his hand and walk away."

For a crazy person, she made a lot of sense.

She waited while I worked all this out in my head. Finally, accepting she'd thought this out and any plan was better than no plan, I hitched my dress up and worked my panties down my legs. Thank the maker I'd selected a minuscule lacy pair that would drive Jude crazy.

Balling them up in my fist, I held it in front of her. "And where am I supposed to keep these while I'm waiting for the perfect time to slip them into his hand?"

She hadn't thought out everything.

Rolling her eyes like I knew nothing, she fished them out of my hand and stuffed them between my cl**vage.

"There," she said, patting my boobs. "You're good to go."

"So glad you're here, Holly," I said, combing my fingers through my hair and trying the flip and tease thing she was such a fan of. "To make me paranoid I'm about to lose my boyfriend to the likes of Adriana Vix."

"That's not what I'm saying, Lucy Larson," she said, looking offended. "I know how Jude feels about you. That kind of crazy love runs deep, babe. He's not going anywhere." Opening Jude's door, she motioned me out. "It's not him I'm worried about. It's that Vix bitch. That breed of woman has made an art form out of manipulating men before they even know how their pants wound up around their ankles. They're dangerous, so the sooner you show her she's not getting her claws into your man's back, the sooner she can move on to the next couple she wants to tear apart."

I sucked in a breath. I was going to need it. "All right, let's do this."

"There's the spirit," she said, smacking my backside as I passed her. "Time to drive Jude mad."

The music started pumping as we passed down the hall. Of course it was some bad brand of hip-hop that vibrated the floor boards.

"I know you've got a streak of diva in you, Lucy," Holly said as we rounded the corner to the stairs. "But tonight, I need you to set that diva free. Let her be all she can be. Got it?"

"Got it," I said, surveying the room that was already two times past max capacity and the football team wasn't even here yet.

Winding our way through the flood of bodies, I saw that Holly's impromptu makeover was effective. Every male within a few body radius turned to watch us as we slid by.

"Hey, a**hole!" Holly hollered behind me. "Keep your hands to yourself unless you want me to chop them off while you sleep!"

The offender raised his hands and backed away.

So maybe she'd been a little too effective.

"This is good!" she shouted above the music, grabbing my arm and pulling me to a stop. "The first thing Jude will see is you when he comes through that door."

"You really have thought this through," I said, telling myself the guy beside me wasn't purposefully brushing up against me.

"Location, location, location," she quoted, smoothing my dress down before lifting my boobs higher.

The mouth of the guy behind Holly dropped.

"Stop," I demanded, shooing her hands that were now molding my boobs into position.

"Fine," she said, giving them one final pop. "Just remember. The diva to end all divas. And slip those panties into his hand the first time Vix tries something."

I nodded in acknowledgement. Diva, diva, diva. Think like a diva, act like a diva. Diva is a state of mind. My mental encouragement to myself wasn't helping, so I decided to put some diva theory into practice.

Turning to the guy still brushing up against me, I worked a half smile into place. Looking up at him through my lashes, I saw I'd caught his attention. "Sure is hot in here," I said slowly, a tad suggestively.

Brushing Up Boy's eyes widened; I could almost see the pulse quicken in his neck. "It sure is," he replied, moving closer and resting a hand on my side.

"I could sure use something to cool me off." I crossed one arm over my stomach, brushing the other hand up and down my other arm. The corners of his eyes lined watching my fingers caress my skin.

Wetting his lips, he came closer. Close enough to know I'd... ahem, hit the mark.

"I think I'm up to the challenge," he said, one side of his mouth curving up.

"Hey, Mr. Over-eager," Holly stepped in. "She means a drink. A cold drink."

Shaking his head, he cleared his throat and stepped back. "Oh, yeah," he said. "Sure. I'm on it." Casting one longing look my way, he started tearing through the crowd, heading for the kitchen.

"You're smart enough to know not to drink anything he gives you, right?" Holly said as we watched the boy storming ahead.

"Yeah," I replied, shaking my head. "How was that for diva?"

"You're a natural," she said, nudging me. "Keep up the good work."

The music came to an abrupt halt, a few heartbeats of silence saturating the room before the first few beats of "Eye of the Tiger" made the room shudder. All hail the victors, because if the song didn't give them away, the chanting that had started outside and was working its way in had done the job.

"Show time," Holly said, elbowing me.

"Will you stop throwing elbows?" I hissed over at her. "I'm going to look like a purple Dalmatian by the time you leave tomorrow."

"Oh, grow a pair," she muttered, focusing on the front door when it fired open. "Diva," she added.

"Brat."

"Ooooh. Burn," she deadpanned, elbowing at me again.

This time, I dodged her bony little elbow.

The kicker, Kurt or Kirk, was the first through the door, one of the cheerleaders - no doubt his Spirit Sister - hanging off his elbow. Right behind the K named kicker, Tony came in, a petite bouncing blonde on his arm.

The players had never arrived in this fashion before; Jude usually just came barreling through the door first, hollering some obscenity, before throwing me over his shoulder and finding a quiet spot we could be alone.

I knew exactly who and what was responsible for the change in entrance. The who being Adriana Vix. And the what being a bitch.

"All right, Lucy, get into position," Holly said, shuffling me in front of the door. "This chick's coming out of the gates swinging."

"No shit," I said, shaking my head as the parade continued. I wasn't holding my breath for Jude; I knew she was saving their entrance for the grand finale.

"Here, lean your hip into this," Holly instructed, shuffling me sideways until I hip-checked an old, water damaged sofa table. Standing in front of me, she positioned my hip where she wanted it, then grabbed my hand. "Hand on hip, feet crossed at the ankles." She squatted down, adjusting them just so. Popping back up, her gaze met mine with a hardened degree of seriousness. "When he walks in and his eyes fall on you, I want your eyes to emanate innocence. And I want your mouth to open just a bit - just like it does during orgasm." Clamping her hands over my shoulders, she leveled me with one more look. "Got it?"

"Sure?" I answered, because there wasn't any time for clarification. I could see the top of Jude's shaved head coming up the front stairs. A shiny dark haired head a few bobbing inches below it.

"Put a nail in that bitch's casket," Holly said, driving her fist into her hand before disappearing into the crowd.

Even obscured by a mass of bodies, Jude moving into a room made my heart quicken. Even with a male fantasy glued to his arm, he made my legs weaken.

As I'd expected, Adriana was beaming like she was walking across the Miss America stage. I'd be honored to add some tears to her eyes if she didn't loosen her grip on Jude's arm. Bouncing into the room like she was the star attraction, she waved at the crowd while the chorus thumped through the room. She was wearing a simple, short, turquoise colored dress that made her skin almost sparkle in its bronziness.

The crowd was chanting, "Ry-Der. Ry-Der. Ry-Der," and my heart was beating two beats a syllable. He'd changed into a snug fitting white v-neck tee and dark jeans that hung off his hips, finished off with his worn pair of Converse.

Over a year on and off together, and the man could still make my stomach clench just by looking at him.

As Jude and Adriana blazed through the crowd, it began to part, opening up to where I leaned against the ramshackle sofa table, hand on hip, eyes and mouth ready to carry out their orders when he looked my way. Holly couldn't have placed me in a better location.

Adriana's eyes landed on me first, and her face screwed into a smirk as her hand curled deeper into Jude's muscled forearm.

But I didn't deviate from the plan - resisting the urge to smirk right back at her - and my willpower paid out in spades. Jude's gaze didn't only shift to me - it skidded to me. Stopping in his tracks, he held me in his eyes. He never even blinked. "Wow," he mouthed, running his eyes down my body.

Inhaling through my nose, I pushed past the muscles clenching tighter in my stomach brought on by the way he was staring at me. Opening my eyes wider, I blinked them slowly, infusing as much innocence as I was capable into them. Then, biting my lower lip suggestively, I parted my mouth just how I imagined Holly would have wanted it.

Jude might have just wavered in place. Adriana's scowl screwed deeper, resembling a rare form of outrage.

I owed Holly big time.

Weaving out of Adriana's death grip, he cut through the rest of the room towards me. Adriana slammed her hands on her hips, looking one quake away from exploding. It was a beautiful sight.

Even more so was the one grinning at me as he shoved through the rest of the crowd, moving as fast as he could. Stepping in front of me, his eyes were swirling pools of silver.

"Damn, Luce," he said, sounding out of breath, appraising me with his eyes again. Looking at me with the excitement and anticipation of unwrapping a present.

I didn't have words for the man standing before me, worshipping me with all he was. Flattening my hands over his chest, I pressed against him. His mouth parted with a surprised inhalation. The heels made it so I didn't have to press onto my tip-toes when I crushed my mouth into his. My mouth was unyielding against his, smoothing, sucking, and smashing his lips like all we had left in life was this moment.

After his surprise passed, his hands lowered into place over my hips, kneading into them with an urgency that tightened the muscles in my thighs. By this time in our public make-out session, the crowd had starting hooting, and when Jude's hand rounded around to my backside, digging into the flesh back there, they started hollering.

My breathing was becoming irregular, what amount I was able to manage in this state of tongue tangledness low. Running my hands up his neck to cradle his face, I pulled it back. Looking up into those hungry eyes, feeling the warmth of his breath gusting over my face, I smiled.

"Good game."

CHAPTER SIX

"You better not be staring at what I think you are, Kurt," Jude warned, reappearing with a couple of beers in hand and clearing up the K kicker's name.

"I most certainly am not staring at what you think I was," Kurt said, tilting his beer our way before fading into the crowd.

"He most certainly was," Jude said, handing me one of the beers before resting his hand on my side. "Not that I can blame him."

Clanking my bottle against Jude's, I took a drink. "But you will beat him if he does it again," I guessed.

"Hell, yeah I will," he said, nuzzling my neck before he laid a path of kisses down it. The slippery glass bottle almost fell from my hands. "That goes for you too, Denoza," Jude said, peering over at one of his teammates while his mouth continued to wet the skin above my collar bone. "And I'll start by prodding out those wandering eyes."

"Sorry, Ryder," Denoza said, smiling sheepishly between the two of us. "What can I say? Your girl is meant to be stared at."

"That's right. She is," Jude said, straightening up and putting himself in front of me. "By me."

Denoza lifted his hands in surrender. "No harm, no foul, man," he said before setting his sights on a single girl sprawled out on the stairs and beelining her way.

"Not in my book," Jude muttered after him, before turning around. "You're gonna get me killed, Luce," he said, his face twisting when he took another look at me. "I'm one tough son of a bitch and I can fight off every one of these guys one loser at a time, but I think they could take me if they all came at me at once."

"Should I go change?" I suggested, taking a step towards the stairs.

"Shit, no," Jude said, grabbing my hand and pulling me back. "I just wish it was you and me so I could enjoy you all to myself."

Lifting my arms, I wound them over his neck and started swaying in time to our own beat. Dancing to the beat of Jude and Lucy's song.

"It is just you and me, baby," I said, resting my head against his chest, closing my eyes when his arms fastened around me. The music wasn't fitting, the crowd wasn't fitting, but everything about the way Jude held me to him made up for our inability to fit into the world around us.

Not even a minute later, the music came to a screeching halt. Jude and I continued to sway in time to the silence.

"Okay, everyone," a familiar voice spoke through a microphone. "It's time to play a new game night game that's sure to become a tradition."

I thought we'd been playing a game all night.

Sighing, I lifted my head from Jude's chest to see what the bitch had up her sleeve now.

"As everyone knows, the starters are all assigned a Spirit Sister at the beginning of the year." I rolled my eyes at the rest of the cheerleaders grouped around Adriana, bouncing and clapping in excitement. "Our goal is to make their lives easier so they can focus on kicking ass every Saturday!"

A roar burst through the room.

"But a man's got to have his fun too, right?" Adriana's brows lifted in suggestion as the roar amped up.

"So tonight marks the beginning of a new Spirit Sister tradition." Lifting the arm she'd hidden behind her back, she revealed a full bottle of top shelf vodka. Another explosion of cheering. Over a pretty girl holding a bottle of liquor.

It was oddly depressing.

"We don't only do your laundry and make you brownies, we'll get you drunk as a skunk!" Adriana waited for the crowd to quiet before continuing. I was already feeling sick to my stomach before her eyes landed on Jude. "Each Spirit Sister will serve a shot to her assigned player, starting with the quarterback first."

Yep, that's what I was waiting for. She was using the ruse of a game and the motivation of peer pressure to separate Jude from me. Holly'd been right with her manipulation meter readings on Adriana.

"That means you, Jude Ryder!" she shouted into the microphone, waving the bottle at him.

Jude groaned, peering over at me, but before he could say anything, a herd of his teammates moved up behind him and began shoving him towards the front of the room.

"Don't worry, Jude's date for the night, you'll get him back," Adriana said, staring right at me. I wanted to slap that smug smile off her face for referring to me as nothing more than "Jude's date." "That is, if he wants to come back after playing the game we've got planned for him."

A couple of guys around me hung their heads back and made coyote calls. I was reminded, yet again, that men were evolved from apes.

Shoving Jude up next to Adriana, the herders stepped back into the crowd so everyone could see what was happening up in front. I didn't like seeing Jude standing so close to Adriana, seeing how close in height they were. In her heels, only a couple inches separated them. They'd fit together perfectly. Why my mind went there, I don't know, but the image of Jude bracing himself above Adriana while he kissed her, moving inside of her, made me clutch at my stomach.

"Here's how this works," Adriana said, looking over at Jude, who was rubbing the back of his neck, looking every shade of uncomfortable. "Shot glass," she began, lifting a small glass. "Shot," she continued, pouring the clear liquid to the brim. Then, handing the bottle off to one of her fellow cheerleaders, she raised his index finger to the crowd, who was looking around at each other like big deal.

Rolling down the top of her strapless dress, she tucked the shot glass between her huge tits. "Enjoy," she instructed. "No hands allowed."

Oh, hell no.

The guys had turned into rabid beasts, throwing their arms in the air and cheering.

Adriana took it in, managing a tiny curtsy without spilling a drop of liquid, right before her gaze shifted on me. "What are you waiting for, Jude?" she said, looking nowhere else but at me. "Drink up."

"What the hell are you doing standing here, you stupid, stupid girl?" Holly hissed beside me, shoving me towards the front of the room. Reaching down my dress, she slapped the panties into my hand. "Go beat that bitch at her own game."

It took one more solid shove from Holly, but then I went into action. Hurrying through the bodies chanting "Ry-der" and throwing fist pumps into the air, I balled the panties up into my hand, watching Jude, who was watching me. I had his attention, likely because he was worried about me getting eye molested by one of his teammates, but right now, I'd take his attention any way I could get it.

"Your shot's getting warm," Adriana said into the microphone, giving her bust a little shake. This time, a splash of liquid spilled out, running down her cl**vage.

Shoving the last hulk of a man standing between me and Jude, I brushed past Jude, curling my pinky over his, waiting for his hand to open. As soon as it did, I slipped the lacy thong into his hands, arched a brow at him, and kept walking.

Walking away from Jude, standing there beside with Adriana, all but being peer pressured by his entire team to upend a shot of alcohol from Tits R Us, brought me near to hyperventilation. But I couldn't turn back because what was I going to say? What was I going to do? I had to trust that Holly, in all her man-eater wisdom, knew what she was doing.

The crowd started thinning out by the time I made it to the hall, and there wasn't a sign of anyone when I walked into the bathroom at the end of the hall. Closing the door behind me, I braced my hands over the sink and focused on breathing.

Before I'd completed one full breath, the door whispered open. Looking up in the mirror, my smile pulled so tight it almost hurt when I saw Jude's face, wound into a hungry expression, staring back at me.

"I think you lost something," he said in a low voice, lifting his hand where my underwear dangled from his finger.

My smile stretched farther. Now it was hurting. "Looks like the right person found them."

Stepping inside, Jude shut the door behind him. The bathroom was small, and small was a generous term for it. For the two of us to fit in here, my butt was rammed into the sink counter and Jude's back was pressed up against the shower wall.

"So does this mean...?" he said, gazing down my body, ending at the center of it. I felt every muscle inside of me contract, right before it went soft under the weight of his stare.

"Why don't you find out for yourself?" I whispered, my breath already coming in short bursts.

His gaze stayed fixed on that point south of my navel as a slow smile crept into place. "Happily," he said, his voice husky and deep.

Then, before the flash of heat had a chance to spread, Jude threw himself against me, lifting me onto the counter. His mouth crushed against mine, forcing his tongue inside and running it over every plane it could reach. Overwhelmed, my head fell back against the mirror, trying to keep pace with him.

Right in the middle of our kiss, Jude pulled back suddenly, appraising me where I sat sprawled over the counter, breathing like I'd run a two minute mile. Looking down at the space between my legs, his forehead lined, like he was tortured, right before a tilted smile ironed it out. Grabbing my waist, he shifted me down to the very edge of the counter. Resting his hand on the inside of one knee, he pushed it open. Repeating the same with the other, he stepped between my legs, looking down at me like he couldn't handle the emotions he was feeling right now.

Gripping the hem of my dress with both hands, Jude rolled it up one revolution, his thumbs trailing along the sensitive skin of my inner thighs. My heart was racing and everything was quickening in that way.

And he hadn't even touched me there yet.

His fingers rolled the dress higher, and then higher still. The entire journey up, Jude's eyes stayed fixed on mine. Like he wanted to watch every reaction that played out on my face from the way he touched me.

One more roll and there was nothing left to slide higher. My body was aching for some release, pulsing like it had its own heartbeat.

Jude's thumb skimmed up the rest of my inner thigh. When he pulled it away, I almost whimpered out loud. And then, when he lowered it back into the place that was throbbing the worst, I did cry out. Grabbing the edges of the counter, I forced myself to keep looking into those eyes of his that were darkening with their want.

"I'll be damned," he breathed, the words all throaty and rough.

I couldn't acknowledge him with words - I was one thumb stroke past words.

Closing the space between us, he kissed the corner of my mouth. "I love you," he whispered outside my ear, right before his thumb started moving in slow circles over me.

My head fell back, smashing into the mirror, but the dull pain felt good paired with the acute throb spreading its way through my body from Jude's skilled thumb.

My breath came in shorter gasps as everything tightened into a ball. I was so close.

"I love you so damn much, Luce," Jude said as his mouth explored my throat.

And that was all I needed. My fingers dug into his back as my body quaked against his.

As my muscles went limp, I let myself curl into him. I managed to sigh through my staggered breathing. I could feel his smile against my skin.

Holy shit. My body felt like it was still intact, but a few moments ago it felt like it was falling apart from the center. I couldn't calm my breathing and my inner thighs were still trembling as Jude continued sucking on the soft patches of my shoulder.

Right as my head was falling back again, the bathroom door exploded open, slamming into Jude.

"I think we better find you another bathroom to freshen up in, Adriana." Holly peered over Adriana's shoulder, shooting me a smile of camaraderie. Adriana took in the scene, my legs wrapped around Jude where he held me captive on the counter, still exploring my skin with his mouth. New tears pricked to life in her reddened eyes. "This one's... occupied," Holly added, flashing me a wink before pulling on Adriana's elbow.

But before she backed out of the room, her eyes met mine. My mouth curved up, my lips still parted from my clipped breathing. Keeping her gaze, I curled my fingers into Jude's back, arching my neck higher to give Jude better access. I didn't have to utter a single word for Adriana to get the message. It was crystal clear.

Jude was mine.

Only after the door closed again did Jude's mouth slow. Giving one last nip over my shoulder blade, he lifted his head. His face was smug as he took me in, still rattled from what he'd done to me.

"I guess she figured out what 'came up' when I left her high and dry with a shot between her tits," he said, bracing his hands over the counter outside my legs.

"I guess she did," I replied, scooting off the edge of the counter since the backs of my legs were falling asleep. Bad idea. Because nothing that was supposed to work in my body was. Jude's arms wound around me, keeping me steady.

"I guess I showed her," I said, gripping Jude's arms as the sensation drained back into my legs.

His eyebrows squeezed together. "Showed her what?"

"That she better keep her hands and sights off my man," I replied, not sure I should be admitting this to him, but my mind was still foggy and punch drunk.

Looking down at me, his eyebrows pulled tighter for a moment before his whole face flattened. "That's what this whole thing is about," he said, running his eyes down my dress that was still rolled up to my waist. "Isn't it? This whole night has been about Adriana. Not about me."

Okay, yeah. I shouldn't have said anything. Especially when the corners of his eyes lined from the words he'd said.

"No, this was for you," I said, rolling my dress back down.

"Don't lie to my, Luce," he said, the muscles in his jaw going taut. "Everything - the dress, the coy little smiles and flirty eyes, the panties, the damn orgasm in the bathroom as Holly 'accidently' shows Adriana what's going on - it was all just some calculated plan put into play by a jealous girlfriend."

"No," I said. "This whole thing in the bathroom was one big, spontaneous, pleasurable surprise," I argued back. "At least up until right now. There's nothing pleasurable about my boyfriend calling me a calculated, jealous girlfriend." Even as I said the words, I knew they were true.

"So this wasn't planned," he said, waving his finger around the room, "but everything else was. And you sure as hell didn't mind when Adriana got an eyeful of us all hot and heavy."

Why was he being like this? Jude rarely raised his voice to me anymore. And the fact that the reason he'd broken tradition was because of Adriana made me as outraged as it did sad. "If that's what it takes - seeing you doing me over any and every surface in the goddamn state - then yes! I sure as hell don't mind!" Super, now I was shouting.

His forehead lined as he pressed as far away from me as the bathroom allowed. Going from the intimacy we'd just shared to him wanting to separate himself as far from me as space would allow made my body hurt. "So still, after everything, after all this time," he paused, inhaling through his nose, "you still don't trust me?"

He waited for my response, but I didn't have an immediate one. His question had thrown me, not at all what I'd been expecting. Was that it? Did I not trust him? My first response was 'no,' but why else had I been acting like such a crazy girlfriend? If I trusted him, would it matter if every Adriana in the world threw herself at him?

I didn't want to admit my answer to that question.

"Yeah," he said, moving towards the door, "that's what I thought." Opening the door, he looked back at me. "Here, you can have these back now." He tossed the underwear at me. "Well played. Glad I could be a pawn in your little game."

"Jude," I called after him.

"Leave me alone, Lucy!" he hollered back, disappearing down the hall.

He only called me Lucy when he was hurt or pissed. I guessed he was a lot of both. And the whole leaving him alone thing wasn't happening.

Not when I knew a welcoming set of arms was sharking around the party waters, more than happy to do a little comforting.

CHAPTER SEVEN

The only time I wasted before going after him was the time it took to put my underwear back where they belonged. Winding down the hall, I did a preliminary search of the main floor. Lucky for me, Jude was a tower that stood out in a room most of the time, but so were a lot of his teammates, so weaving my way towards the stairs, I climbed the top few, leaping over a couple doing something very close to what Jude and I had just done behind a closed door. Gazing down at the packed room, I didn't see him. The knowledge he wasn't in plain sight made my stomach twist as my imagination ran away with me, wondering who might be comforting him and where they could be locked away.

Lunging up the stairs, I rushed down the hallway, not able to get to his room fast enough. I was behaving irrationally, I knew this, but I wasn't able to stop it. The crazy had taken root and couldn't be killed.

I didn't knock before entering his room, not sure I wanted to see what I'd find inside. I sighed in relief when I found it dark and empty. Just as I was about to leave and search the next place, I noticed a figure crouched on the floor beside his bed.

His elbows were propped onto bent legs, his head hanging between them. He looked broken. What had I done?

I closed the door behind me and crossed the room.

"Jude?"

"Go away, Luce," he said so softly it was almost a whisper.

He'd never said those words to me once, and I'd heard them twice in less than five minutes.

"No," I said, coming around the side of the bed he was leaning against.

"Go away," he repeated, winding his fingers over the back of his neck.

I pried off my shoes and scooted next to him on the floor. "No," I repeated. "You're pissed at me and I'm pissed at you. Let's argue this out."

"Yeah, I am pissed at you," he said into the floor. "But I've got a good reason to be. Why in the hell are you pissed at me?"

I opened my mouth in answer.

"And your answer better not have Adriana in it."

I did not like the way her name sounded coming out of him. "Damn right my answer has her name in it."

Jude shook his head, still refusing to look at me. "So you're pissed at me because of Adriana," he said, not hiding his sarcasm. "A girl I haven't so much as touched or looked at in one intimate way. Super. That's makes a shit ton of sense, Luce."

My temper was flaring, I could feel it igniting. "Don't play dumb," I said. "Like you're not aware that she'd let you touch her any intimate way you damn well pleased."

Jude huffed. "Yeah, well, just for your knowledge, there's no shortage of women here who would let me do whatever the hell I wanted to them. There's no shortage of Adrianas in the world, Luce." He paused, taking a couple of breaths while I tried not to mentally calculate the number of women who'd bed Jude any night of the week. "But you know what makes me say no every time? You know what makes me impervious to every woman and whatever ploy she throws at me?" He didn't wait for my response.

"You, Luce," he said, his voice tired. "There may not be a shortage of Adrianas out there, but there's only one you. And that's the person I want to give myself to."

He was saying all the rights things and, in truth, he hadn't given me one reason to doubt him since we'd cleared up the whole Holly and little Jude situation, but I wasn't ready to be appeased. Not after the shit load of ammunition Adriana had fired my way all day.

"You let her do your laundry, Jude," I began, wishing a magical clamp would appear so I could fasten it over my mouth. "She cleans your room. You lead her into a damn room on your arm with hundreds of people watching." My voice was running away with me, filling the dark room with its insecurity. "She runs her fingers over your clean, pressed underwear. Damn it, Jude!"

I was taking it all out on him. Everything I'd been bottling up today, when it would have been more constructive to find a dance floor and give it a run for its money.

His head twisted my way and whether it was the darkness in the room or the actual color of his eyes, they looked black. "Did you not hear what I just said to you?" he said, his teeth clenched together. "Did you miss when I just professed all I want is you? Even when you're acting like some crazy ass girlfriend?" Narrowing his eyes at me, he hoisted himself up.

"Yeah, I heard that," I answered, leaping up beside him. "So I'm your girl. I'm the only girl you want to make moan in the bathroom. Yeah, I get it." My words were hurting him - I watched as each one etched a deeper wrinkle into his face. "But you let her take care of you like she's your old lady." Grabbing a handful of Jude's freshly made bed, I tore the covers off. "You might not want her intimately, but you let her into your life intimately."

Jude stared at me, his eyes narrowed like he didn't recognize the person standing before him. "Fine," he said, ripping the blankets curled in my hand away and tearing the rest of them off the bed. Rolling them into a ball, he tossed them across the room.

"Happy?" he asked rhetorically as he marched across the room to his dresser. Sliding the top one open, he ripped it out of its spot, carrying it over to the window. Sliding the window open, Jude held the dresser drawer outside, tipping its contents over. His clean, folded boxers parachuted to the ground below. The drawer followed behind them.

"Happy now?" he asked again, raising his brows at me where I stood frozen beside his bed. Lunging across the room again, he ripped the second drawer from the dresser. Rushing back over to the window, he spilled his shirts to the ground. The drawer splintered when it hit the ground.

"Happy yet?" This time he didn't look at me, he just ran across the room, tore the last drawer out, and this time, when he reached the window, he hurled the whole thing out. The sound of it shattering echoed back into the room.

Spinning around, he looked at me. His chest was rising and falling hard, his eyes were flashing - he was lost. "What else, Luce? What else do you want me to bust to shit?" he hollered, waiting for me. "Huh? Surely there's something else I can break to prove my love to you. What is it?" He was in a frenzy, as toeing the ledge as I'd seen him. All because of me. I loved knowing I had power over him, but not this kind of power.

"Jude," I whispered, barely able to make a sound. "Stop."

"Stop? Why?" he yelled, extending his arms and spinning around the room. "I'm proving my love for you. So come on, Luce. What else can I ruin so you'll be happy?"

"Nothing," I whispered, biting my lip.

"What was that?"

"Nothing," I repeated, looking at him. "This isn't what I meant, Jude. Why do you fly off the cuff anytime I question you?"

The skin between his brows creased. "Why do you?"

That was a question I didn't have an answer to. I took him in, observing what my jealousy and insecurity had reduced him to. I was supposed to be the person that brought him comfort and supported him, but tonight, I'd done everything but. A tear escaped my eye before I knew one had formed.

Jude's eyes narrowed in on it, watching it fall down the side of my face. One side of his face pulled tight. "Tell me what to do, Luce. Tell me what you want from me. Because I'll do it. I'd do anything," he said, putting his arms behind his neck and watching me like he was afraid I was going to disappear. "You want me to tell Adriana to go screw herself and never so much as look her way again? No problem. You want me to never talk to another woman for the rest of my life? I'll do it." Crossing the room, he stopped in front of me, grabbing the sides of my arms. "I'll do anything. Just tell me what to do." He held me, staring at me as he waited for my answer.

I didn't have one.

"You're all I've got, Luce. I'll do anything not to lose you," he said, his scar pinching into his cheek. "Just tell me what I'm doing wrong and I'll fix it."

This man had been through enough. Why was I making him trudge through more shit?

"You're not doing anything wrong, Jude," I said, swallowing. And he wasn't. As boyfriends went, he was the dream. As companions went, he had the makings of a lifelong one. "It's me. I'm doing all the wrong tonight." I pressed my hands into the sides of his face, trying to rub away the lines wrinkling it. "I saw Adriana all wild for you and I let my insecurities turn me into a crazy person. I trust you. I don't trust her."

He blew a breath through his mouth. "You trust me?"

My throat tightened that he had to ask. "Yeah, Jude. I trust you."

"You love me?"

"Always," I answered, stroking his cheeks.

"Then screw Adriana Vix," he said.

I arched a brow.

"Someone else who isn't mad for his girl can screw her," he clarified, smirking at me. "Don't let anyone come between us, Luce. This thing we've got going on is going to be challenging enough without the likes of an Adriana Vix complicating it."

"I know," I said, looking away. "It feels like sometimes I'm just waiting for the bottom to fall out beneath us. You know?" I felt guilty for admitting it, but I was a realist, and couples like Jude and me had the odds more stacked not in our favor than in it.

"I know, baby," he said. "I know. When it does though, we'll just grab onto a rope and wait it out."

I nodded, wondering if this was the kind of life Jude and I could expect from here on. Searing moments of passion, interrupted by miscommunications, followed by soul bearing make ups. It wouldn't be a bad way to spend a life.

"Come on then," he said, running his hands down to mine. "Come to bed with me." Leading me over to the blanketless bed, he kicked off his shoes, scooped me into his arms, and crashed down on the mattress.

Rolling me onto my side, he pressed himself against my back, cocooning me between his arms and legs. "Arguing with you is exhausting," he said outside my ear, mid yawn. "Let's never do it again."

"Okay," I lied. It was a nice idea, but one Jude and I would never realize if we lasted. People like Jude and me didn't make it through life without a screaming match every now and then; that was the reality. But reality was a lot easier to face with Jude wrapped around me the way he was now.

We laid like that for a while, silent and still, enjoying the warmth of one another. A breeze rushed through the window, caressing my face. I grinned.

"I hope you've got more underwear hidden somewhere," I said, poking my elbow into his ribs, replaying Jude tossing his drawers out the window.

"That would be a negative," he said in a sleepy voice. "I was out of clean underwear this morning."

"Wait," I said, suddenly feeling very awake. "Does that mean...?"

"Yep," he answered, nuzzling deeper into my neck, already half asleep. I'd give him a free pass tonight. He'd won a big game, made me feel things a girl shouldn't spread over the counter of a boy's bathroom, held his own in an argument with me, and managed to say the exact right thing to calm me down. He had a right to be exhausted.

Smiling, I tucked deeper into him. "That could have made things far more interesting in the bathroom."

I felt his smile curve against my neck before I followed him to sleep.

CHAPTER EIGHT

His body wasn't wrapped around me - like he was sheltering me from the world - any longer, but he was close. Whatever bond we'd built in the tumultuous months we'd shared, we'd passed over into a new level of consciousness when it came to each other.

"I can feel you staring at me," I said, keeping my eyes closed and curling deeper into Jude's pillow. It smelt like him - maybe that's why my dreams were so sweet.

His hand curled over mine, lifting it to his mouth. "Sorry, Luce," he said, kissing my knuckles. "I didn't mean to wake you. Go back to sleep." Rotating my hand, he pressed another kiss into the fleshy underside.

"How's a girl supposed to sleep when you're doing that?" I smiled, opening my eyes.

His eyes were trained on me, metallic in the morning light. One corner of his mouth curled up.

"She's not," he said, leaping onto the bed, strategically landing over me.

"Good," I said, wishing I could have one minute to brush my teeth and run a brush through my hair, but with Jude, these moments of carelessness came rarely, so I wasn't about to chance excusing myself while all his engines were firing. "Sleep's overrated."

His hand slid up my side, swerving in and out over my ribcage, before settling over the top of my chest. "Yes, it is," he whispered, kissing the area below my ear.

This was one hell of a wake up call.

"Did you lock the door?" I teased, situating myself below him so the important parts were aligned. No one in their right mind would let themselves into Jude Ryder's bedroom when the door was closed. Not if they didn't want to wear a fist-size dent in their forehead.

Challenging my prior assumption, Jude's door exploded open the next second, bouncing off the wall.

"Ehh," Holly said, making a face and holding her hands over her eyes. "You guys are like a pair of damn rabbits."

So everyone but Holly knew better than to throw themselves into Jude's room uninvited.

"Didn't you two get enough of each other last night?" She was talking quietly, at least for Holly, and judging from the way she was screwing her fingers into her temples, she'd had a wild night.

"Nope," Jude answered, hoisting himself off of me.

"Good morning, Holly," I grumbled, sitting up in bed. "Great to see ya."

"Don't you whine like a baby to me. You had him to yourself all last night and now I need to borrow him for a few hours or else I'm going to miss my flight."

"Yeah," I said, crawling off the bed. "I've got a mess of homework to finish too." Running my fingers through my hair, I plaited it into a quick braid since it looked like there wouldn't be time for a shower. "It looks like you've got two girls that need your chauffeur services this morning."

"I live to serve," he said, an expression curving into his face that gave away what he was thinking. Or reliving.

I wasn't a blusher - the genetic code just hadn't built it into my system - but I thought I felt one creeping up my neck at his continued stare.

"All right, lover boy," Holly said, snapping her fingers. She winced, grabbing her temples again. "The airport. Sometime today."

I hurried around the bed, grabbing Holly's shoes she'd let me borrow, and pulled my bag down from the shelf in his closet. Grabbing his keys from the nightstand, Jude took my hand and led me to the door.

"It's about time," Holly whispered, digging through her purse.

Jude snagged Holly's suitcase sitting outside the door and we worked our way down the hall, stepping over and around bodies decorating the floor.

"Looks like we missed out on some party," I said, peering at one comatose couple, wondering how in all acrobatics they'd worked their way into that position.

"I wouldn't say we missed out," Jude said, peeking back at me with a suggestive smile.

"I think this is the one I made out with like a sex addict in remission last night," Holly said, leaning over one of Jude's teammates who was still smiling in his sleep. "Or maybe it was that one," she said, toeing the hand of the guy across from the first and inspecting his face. "Yeah, definitely this one. His lips are the more swollen of the two. Speaking of," - ruffling through her bag, she produced a tube of chapstick - "my lips are in serious pain."

"I thought you said you were in a hurry, Hol," Jude called up the stairs at her, keeping my hand in his. At the bottom of the stairs, a pyramid of bodies blocked the way. Leaping over it, Jude turned around, grabbed my waist, and lifted me over the human barricade. Waiting for Holly to make her wobbly way down, he lifted her over as well.

Jude's truck was parked a ways off, so we hoofed it. Coming around the side of the house, a quilt of clothing and splintered wood decorated the side yard. I stopped in my tracks, appraising Jude's yard decorating skills.

"Someone had a visit from the anger monkeys last night," Holly said, stopping beside me.

Staring up at Jude, he peered at me from the corner of his eyes. "They most certainly did."

"Rage is a terrible thing," he added, crossing the lawn, but not before snagging a dark tee draped over a shrub.

I smirked at his back.

By the time Holly and I hauled our tired, slow moving butts to Jude's truck, he already had Holly's suitcase in the bed and both doors swung open for us. Peeling the white shirt he was still sporting over his head, he tossed that into the bed too. No wonder he never had any clean clothes. Lifting the black tee above his head, he paused, looking at me, his brows coming together.

"It's all right," I said, rolling my eyes. Just because I'd behaved like a jealous lunatic last night didn't mean I wanted to be reminded of it. They were his clothes, regardless of who'd washed and folded them.

"Just checkin'," he said with a faint grin before tugging it over his head.

Holly and I just stood there outside the truck, watching the show. Stuffing the shirt into his jeans, Jude stopped, looking up at us with confusion.

"What?" he asked, tucking in the back and giving me a devilish grin.

I averted my gaze, trying to look unimpressed as I climbed into the cab. "Oh, go 'what' yourself."

Holly chuckled. "You know, Jude, the older you get, the uglier you get," she said, winking at me as she crawled in beside me.

"Yeah, yeah," he said, climbing into the driver seat and started the truck up. "And the older you get, the meaner you get."

Grabbing my thigh, he slid me closer until we took up a space intended for one person. He didn't let go once the entire drive.

"Why does Thursday seem like it's never going to get here?" I groaned, stalling outside of my dorm in Jude's truck.

"Because it will feel that way," he answered, brushing my hair over my shoulder.

I groaned louder. Holly had made it off on time and, while I'd willed the drive from the airport to Juilliard to go slowly, it of course hadn't. The goodbyes Jude and I were forced to make every Sunday never got easier. We went to schools nearly five hours apart, so the possibility of sneaking in an afternoon weekday visit was out of the question. When we said goodbye, it was goodbye for an eternal five days.

Except for this week. It would only be for three days due to Thanksgiving break. It was truly a time to be grateful.

"So you're okay with celebrating with my dad and mom on Thursday?" I asked again, just to make sure. Jude had been civil, as had they, but there was a strain between the two families that I doubted would even slacken with time. Jude's father murdering my brother because my father had fired him was the kind of drama day time television creators couldn't even conceive of. It was the kind of thing people didn't "get over" after a few family dinners.

"Luce," he said, stroking my face, "you're my family. Where you go, I go." He blinked, looking through the windshield. "There's no one else but you."

I didn't like to dwell on Jude's lack of family because it made my heart hurt like it was now. Jude truly had no family. No parents, no siblings, no grandparents, aunts or uncles. And not due to choice. Jude's family had all, one by one, abandoned him.

I knew, at the core of his anger and possessiveness of me, this was what he feared most from me: one day turning my back on him and walking as far away as I could get.

The ache in my heart deepened.

"Good," I said, trying to play it off like I wasn't hurting, "because we're a team and teams don't let their members go to family holidays alone."

"Okay, team," he said, turning in his seat, stalling just as much as I was. Taking a glance at my dorm looming in front of us, he sighed. "'Til Thursday?"

I picked up where his sigh let off. "'Til Thursday."

Leaning in, his eyes drifted down to my mouth. "Better make it a good one then."

I couldn't help but smile, despite feeling like shit. Wetting my lips, I leaned closer, making it a good one.

CHAPTER NINE

The scent of patchouli and the beat of reggae swept through the hallway, alerting me that my roommate and friend, India, had, was currently, or was about to get her freak on in our dorm room. It was an every other day occurrence in my life.

If I was lucky, I could dodge in and dodge out with my books so I could study down in the commons area. If I wasn't, and the room starting erupting with screams and grunts and snarls, I'd just have to wait it out. The last time I'd walked in on India with her man of the day, I'd seen things no god-fearing person should have to.

Stopping outside the door, I listened. Nothing but Bob Marley getting his grove on. "Indie?" I said, tapping on the door. "Is it safe to come in there?"

"Safe, little miss pure and prude," India shouted back at me through the door.

Opening the door, the muskiness of patchouli almost floored me. India was draped over the chair we had stuffed in the corner wearing her red silk kimono bathrobe, smoking something that probably wouldn't be kosher with the resident advisor.

"Have a nice time?"

"Eh-huh," she breathed, giving me a stupid little grin. "If you were five minutes earlier, we could have made this a three way."

Throwing my bag down on my bed, I plopped into our rolling chair. "Sucks to be me."

India leaned forward in her chair, her dark skin still dotted with sweat. "Speaking of sucking," she began, pursing her lips together, "did you guys...?" She made a few circles with her index finger.

"None of your business," I said, spinning a revolution in the chair.

"So you didn't," she said, leaning back into the chair.

"Nope," I said, clucking my tongue, "we didn't."

"It does suck to be you," she said, chuckling.

"Oh, shut up," I said, grabbing our stuffed aardvark we kept propped on our computer desk and tossing it at her. "You're getting enough for all of us."

"Yes," she said, taking another pull of her smoke, "yes, I am."

Giving the chair another spin, I stared up at the ceiling, stalling on the whole studying endeavor because, while India was the female equivalent of a manwhore, there was no else who could listen or offer better advice when it came to the complicated world of men than my roommate. Save for Holly, but she was stuck on a flight for the next couple of hours and I needed advice STAT.

"How was Jude?" she asked, picking up on my stalling tactics.

"He was..." I sighed, replaying the weekend. A lot of highs and lows. "He was Jude," I settled on.

"Roller coaster Jude," Indie said, making a mm-mm-mmm sound with her mouth. "Now, honey, that's one ride I'd never want to get off."

"I know," I said, starting to feel dizzy from the spinning. "I don't want to either."

"Then what's the problem?"

"The problem is the roller coaster," I said. "We're either on top of the world or knocking on hell's door. There's no in between. No breathing room. Just constant up and down at one hundred miles per hour."

It always felt good talking with India about my concerns with Jude's and my relationship. She never judged, just gave solid advice.

"I know, Lucy," she said, shifting in her seat, "but your man's a passionate person. Just like you are. If the two of you are together, you've got to accept the roller coaster as a way of life. You wouldn't want him to change who he is any more than he'd want you to change. The drastic ups and downs will be what spending your life with Jude will be like. That's a fact. You just have to ask yourself if it's worth it. Is what the two of you have together worth the sacrifice?" Her eyes narrowed on me, driving the message home.

I knew she was right, and I knew it was worth it, but I was human and couldn't help but want the unattainable. "I just wish I could trade in the roller coaster for a carousel. Able to anticipate what was around every corner, making the journey with less dramatic ups and downs."

"I get that," India said, nodding her head, "but that's not the hand you were dealt, baby. Jude was the hand you were dealt, and that man is no carousel, Lucy. That man is the super-duper-looper, Six Flags, knee-trembling roller coaster extraordinaire." She sucked in a breath, out of it after that deposition.

"I know," I admitted, already feeling better.

Jude was a roller coaster - I was a roller coaster. Together we created that super-duper-looper thing. It was scary, standing on the ground and looking up at it, but if that's the ride I had to take to be with Jude, I'd be first in line.

"Hey, thank your stars your man ain't no kiddie bumper cars," India added, taking another puff before blowing out a smoke ring. "I dated a man once who was like that. The man who is solely responsible for why I don't date any more. He even made love like the damn kiddie cars. Bump. Sputter, sputter," India sat up, jolting back and forth. "Bump. Sputter, sputter." I started laughing, watching her acting out the scene. "Bump. Sputter, sputter. Bump. Fizzle." Curling her nose, she groaned, collapsing back into the chair.

Our laughter blended down the hall with Mr. Marley.

"Great practice today Lucy," Thomas said, coming up behind me as I walked out of the auditorium doors.

"Well, it helps my partner is one hell of a dancer," I said, nudging him as I wrapped my scarf around my neck.

It was the Wednesday before Thanksgiving and the New York weather was already bringing it on. What had possessed a girl who believed sun was essential to life to go to school in a place where the winters ran frigid and long?

My pointes bounced against my body as I walked, reminding me why.

"Yeah, so, your boyfriend," Thomas started, looking uneasy just speaking about Jude, "does he know we're partners for the winter recital?"

Poor Thomas. He was a dancer, not a fighter. I would be scared out of my tights too if I was supposed to be lifting by the crotch the girlfriend of a boy who packed a mean punch.

"Not yet," I said, throwing my cap on too. I would be living in a state of hat hair from now until May.

Thomas cleared his throat, fidgeting with the strap of his backpack. "Are you planning on telling him?"

"Of course," I said, turning towards my dorm. I still had to finish one more assignment before the end of the day and the sooner I tucked myself into bed, the sooner Jude would be here in the morning to spend four whole days together. India was flying back home to her parents' place outside of Miami, so we'd have the whole room to ourselves.

I wasn't planning on leaving it once. That's what delivery was for.

"When?"

I shrugged. I hadn't really given it much thought. "This weekend, I guess."

"Okay," Thomas said. "I just want to be prepared. It's probably for the best he knows sooner rather than later. Will make the shock a little less... extreme."

"You've thought this out," I said, trying not to smile to give away my amusement. "Good for you."

"Yeah," Thomas said, "if the dude almost beat my ass for helping you out of a corset, he will murder me on the spot when he sees our modern interpretation of the 'Rape of Persephone'."

Thomas spelling it out for me moved telling Jude about our performance and the "encounters" Thomas and I would share on stage up to number one on the list. The more notice Jude had about it, the more time he could get used to the idea so he, as Thomas had put it, wouldn't murder him on the spot.

"Don't worry, you'll be all right," I said, stopping outside of the dorm hall.

"I'd say I'll be anything but 'all right' after your boyfriend is done with me, but thanks for the vote of confidence." Heading down the sidewalk, Thomas waved. "Have a nice break, Lucy."

I would.

"You too," I called after him, rushing into the building because I was twenty seconds away from breaking into a chatter fest.

India was already gone by the time I made it back, but she'd left a gift behind. Lying on my bed was a black shopping bag, cascading with red and pink tissue paper. Not the first colors one thought of when they celebrated Thanksgiving.

Tearing into the bag, I tossed the tissue paper behind me, peering inside. My mouth dropped as I pulled out the item on top. It was black, lacy, and had holes in places that were normally covered.

"India," I muttered, shaking my head. Tossing the lingerie off to the side, I grabbed the first thing in the bag my fingers fell on. Something cold and hard. I pulled out a pair of hardcore handcuffs, complete with key, dangling from my finger. Throwing them back in the bag like they'd stung me, I rolled the top of the bag over and stuffed it into the depths of our closet.

I might be ready to take the next step with Jude, but I wasn't ready to go from A to Z in the same night. I'd be regifting these gems at Christmas to the girl who'd so carefully selected them for her resident prude.

I hurried through my last assignment and emailed it off to the professor by eight that night. Having a cup of hot tea and a microwave vegetarian burger for dinner, I turned off the lights and crawled into bed, hoping I'd fall into a deep sleep.

After tossing and turning my sheets into a tornado three hours later, I realized sleep and I weren't making things easy for one another. Giving up some time after midnight, I threw an old DVD into the player and watched two movies all the way through before I managed to nod off. My alarm was blaring less than two hours later.

So much for the recuperative qualities of sleep.

CHAPTER TEN

I was on my third cup of coffee, and somewhere in between my second and third, I'd crossed the line from alert to jumpy. Oh well, edgy was better than comatose.

The knowledge Jude would be arriving any time helped my outlook significantly. My parents had made reservations at some fancy place downtown, wanting to treat us to a nice meal for Thanksgiving. I'd insisted that we didn't need anything fancy, but Mom said she'd just landed a big new account and things were looking up. No matter what I said, she hadn't relented, so the four of us were eating at some swanky place in SoHo.

Jude had already texted me asking what I was wearing and wondering if this was a tie required kind of joint. I'd replied telling him it was a whatever-he-showed-up-in kind of a joint because Jude always looked amazing. Tie or no tie.

I'd selected something fancier, a cranberry colored vintage style dress, because I'd been living in jeans and sweaters and it felt good to dress up every now and then. Sliding into my Mary Jane's, a knock sounded at the door.

I practically danced across the room. Throwing the door open, I found Jude standing there, looking a bit uncomfortable in his tie and dress shirt, holding his hands behind his back. His discomfort melted when he took a good look at me.

"You get more beautiful every time I see you," he said, taking me in like he was trying to cement this moment in his memory.

"Thank you," I replied, taking a curtsy. "And you clean up rather nicely yourself." I ran my fingers down his tie.

"It's Tony's," he said, guessing my thoughts.

"Tony has ties?" It didn't fit my picture of the charmer I knew.

"He's Catholic," Jude said, watching my fingers slide down the tie. "And his mom calls him every Sunday to make sure he went to mass. So yeah, Tony's got a shitload of ties."

"It looks nice on you," I said, letting the charcoal tie fall back into place.

"Tony had to help me tie it because I didn't know what the hell I was doing," he said, popping his neck from side to side like the thing was strangling him.

"Do you have your bag?" I asked, not seeing one in view.

Jude's face fell. "What bag?"

My face fell right along with his. "The bag you were supposed to pack to spend four whole days with me," I said, wanting to pout. "That bag."

"Oh," Jude said, his arm reaching for something, "you mean this bag?"

Snatching it out of his hands, I tossed it onto the bed. There. Now we were set for the weekend.

"And this is also for you," he said, removing his other hand from his back. Another rose. A pink one this time. We were making progress; it still wasn't the red rose of love, passion, and in my book, sex, but it was a step in the right direction from the white rose of purity he'd given to me last.

He chuckled as I continued to study the rose. "It's just a flower, Luce. Not the answer to all of life's questions."

Taking it from him, I rested it on my pillow. "Everything means something. Whether we want to admit it to ourselves or not."

Walking into my room, he stared at my bed before looking back up at me. He gave me a stupid little smile as he grabbed my coat hanging over the swivel chair.

"I suppose that's true," Jude admitted, holding my coat open for me, "if you're a woman. But for us men, a rose is a rose. And unless we're in love with a girl or hoping to get our brains screwed out of our ears, we don't go out of our way to get them."

Stuffing my arms into my knee length wool coat, Jude slid my hair out from beneath the collar. His fingers just barely grazed my neck and it shot like a bolt through my body. Anticipation made his touch even more flammable.

"So which of those man reasons reduced you to buying a rose for a girl?" Cinching the coat's belt, I turned to face him.

He had that same smile on his face. He lifted his brows. "Both."

My stomach flopped and dropped.

"Come on," he said, grabbing my hand and leading me out of the room. "We've got all weekend. Let's make it to Thanksgiving lunch, brunch, whatever it is, before the clothes start flying."

Closing the door behind us, I blew out a breath. "If we have to."

Jude chuckled as we made our way down the hall. "Since your parents kind of flew across the country so they could have dinner with their precious daughter and her son of a bitch boyfriend at some yuppie restaurant, yeah, I'd say we have to."

"You make a lot of sense for a member of the male species," I said as we made our way down the stairwell.

Jude gave me a look that said obviously.

My heels clanged down the stairwell, filling the space with the echo.

"How in the hell do you girls walk in those things?" Jude said, studying the shoes with a wince.

"We have special powers that enable us to do so."

Jude stopped on the stair below me. "Yeah, well, special powers or not" - scooping me into his arms, he heaved me against his chest - "I don't want you breaking your neck on the stairs."

I wrapped my arms around his neck. "You're going to carry me down four more sets of stairs?"

"No," he replied, his eyes flashing down at me. "I'm going to kiss you down four more sets of stairs." Lowering his neck, I lifted mine, and when our mouths connected, I wasn't sure how he was able to keep bouncing down the stairwell without collapsing, but I wouldn't have been able to. Maybe that's the real reason he'd decided to carry me.

Stiff arming the exit door open, a New York surprise was waiting for us. Airy flakes of snow swirled from the sky, landing on our faces. Jude looked up, taking his lips with him. The sky was clouded, a grayish blue hue tinting them.

"Looks like a storm's heading our way," he said, carrying me the rest of the way to his truck. "Good thing I'm prepared." Kicking his new snow tires, he opened the door and dropped me inside.

I glanced over at my Mazda, parked in its spot, its windows already covered by a thin layer of snow. Snow tires were a foreign concept to me, and I was unequipped for the winter that was already here, it appeared.

"Don't worry, Luce," Jude said, hopping in next to me. "I'll get you taken care of. I'll drive your car up to the shop sometime this weekend and get a pair of snow tires put on."

I didn't like that solution for a couple of reasons. "You're not going anywhere this weekend unless you count moving from the head of my bed to the foot of it," I began, peering over at him as he pulled out of the parking lot. He was smiling. "And I'm more than capable of taking care of my own snow tires. I don't need you to do everything for me."

His face twisted. "Why not?"

"Because," I answered.

"Because why?"

Because for a bunch of reasons, but I didn't feel like listing them off the entire drive. So instead I scooted next to him and rested my head on his shoulder. "Just because."

The drive to SoHo lasted all of twenty minutes, but my head tucked into Jude's neck with his arm hanging over me made the drive go by even faster.

"This the place?" Jude asked, inspecting the restaurant that seemed to be built with windows as we rolled by.

"This is it," I answered, looking for my parents. They'd flown in earlier this morning and said they'd be getting situated into their hotel before meeting us for lunch. Jude was visibly uncomfortable, continuing to stare at the place like he didn't belong.

"Hey," I said, resting my hand on his leg, "you all right with this?"

Of course I wanted him to share Thanksgiving with my family, but not if it meant he was uncomfortable the whole time.

Maneuvering his truck into a tight spot on the street, he glanced over at me. "Yeah, I'm fine." He grabbed my hand and kissed it before turning off the car. "You're my family. I go where you go, Luce."

That warm feeling that seemed ever present when Jude was around melted through me. His words were as skilled as his hands. I knew then the plight of riding the roller coaster was worth being able to call the man beside me mine.

Coming around my side, Jude swung the door open for me and, instead of lending me a hand, he scooped me back up into his arms. Pressing a warm kiss into my forehead, he carried me across the snow white street and didn't set me down until we were standing in the foyer of the restaurant.

We were both laughing, consumed by each other, so the patrons and restaurant staff staring at us like the circus had just come to town didn't register with either of us right away. A line of guests waiting for their tables were appraising us with sour faces, and the hostesses standing behind their podium were bouncing from Jude with wide eyes to me with narrowed.

"Sorry," I said, clearing my throat.

Jude's hand weaved between my arm, gripping into my waist - his other one repeated on the other side.

"I'm not," he said loudly, the words echoing through the high ceilinged foyer.

And then he was dipping me low to the ground, his eyes smiling down on me before his lips made slow work of unfreezing mine. As soon as they melted into submission, he leaned back. Smiling down on me, he whispered, "I'm not," before lifting me back into a vertical alignment.

The room was spinning and now onlookers' narrowed eyes had been exchanged for small smiles. A few of the men even tipped their martini glasses at the two of us.

"Name under your reservation," the petite, red-haired hostess said, still looking at me with narrowed eyes. That was fine. I'd be giving her the stink eye if a man like Jude had just dipped her to the floor, not giving a care if the whole world saw how crazy he was for her. Being Jude's girlfriend was worthy of stink eyes near and far.

"Larson," I answered, giving her a sweet smile while I wrapped both hands around Jude's arm.

Checking her book, her eyes darted back to where my hands were affixed to Jude. "Table twenty-two," she barked to the hostess beside her.

"Right this way," the other one said, leading us into the dining room.

"Thank you," I said with another smile as we walked past the red head whose eyes I could feel watching every rolling step Jude's ass made. Stare all you want, honey, because the man is mine.

My parents stood up from the table as soon as they saw us crossing the expansive dining room. They were both smiling, both getting closer to resembling the parents of my youth. The parents they'd been before tragedy had changed us all into people we didn't recognize.

Jude held my hand tight in his, kneading it like it was a worry rock. I understood why. Even for me, pre financial family crisis, this place would have been a bit out of the Larson family league, reserved for once a year special dinners maybe. But for Jude, someone who'd come from not exactly a destitute family, but a poor one, before spending five of his teen years in a boys' home where hot dogs and canned vegetables were an every night occurrence, this place probably seemed like a foreign land.

A foreign land where the citizens were staring at him, his one size too small dress shirt stuffed inside a dark pair of jeans with cuffs fraying over old Converse, like he was an unwelcome tourist.

I stiffened, gripping his hand tighter and glaring at a few of the worst offenders as we passed.

"My Lucy in the sky," Dad said, opening his arms as we approached.

"Hey, Dad," I replied, letting go of Jude's hand to give him a hug.

"Happy turkey day," he said, squeezing me tight.

"Gobble, gobble," I said, smiling over at Mom.

"Hi, sweetheart," she said, her face looking younger than the last time I'd seen her. Some of the deep wrinkles had ironed out, and instead of looking perpetually pissed off, she tended more towards the peaceful side of facial expressions.

Moving from dad to mom, I gave her a hug.

"Hey, Jude," I heard dad say, the smile of pure enjoyment in his face. "Sorry, that just never gets old."

"Hi, Mr. Larson," Jude said formally, shaking hands with him. "Happy Thanksgiving."

Looking over at my mom, Jude cleared his throat. "Thank you for inviting me," he said, shifting his weight, his face looking uneasy. Coming around the table to him, I grabbed his hand up again and he visibly relaxed. This was going to be harder for Jude to get through than I'd anticipated. I'd hold his hand all afternoon if that's what he needed.

My mom came around the table and, stopping in front of Jude, she rested her hands on his shoulders. "We were glad you could make it," she said, her voice soft and her smile just sad enough to guess at what was going through her mind. Wrapping her arms around him, she pulled Jude into a hug. He looked as awkward as she did.

Greetings out of the way, we took our seats. I scooted my chair closer to Jude's and found his hand under the table cloth.

"This is a fancy place," Jude said, gazing up at the painted ceilings and chandeliers hanging above us.

Dad's gaze followed Jude's and, even though it was only a little after noon and he was sitting in a high backed chair that wasn't anything like his old recliner, Dad seemed alert - present in the moment. It was a nice change. "It's a little over the top, but the food's supposed to be amazing," Dad responded.

Jude nodded, glancing down at the restaurant's Thanksgiving day menu. "Really fancy," he added, his eyes widening as he checked out the prices. "You'll have to let me pay for Luce and myself, Mr. Larson."

Both of my parents' faces looked offended.

Jude somehow managed to work part time at a garage close to the campus to bring in a little extra cash. I didn't know how he managed to work twenty hours a week on top of his classes and football schedule and still make time for us, but he did it. He said he was only able to do it because he didn't sleep. I didn't think that was much of an exaggeration.

"We couldn't let you do that," my mom said. "We invited you two here and we insist."

Jude opened his mouth, which was as good as a wasted effort when it came to arguing with my mom, when dad waved his hand.

"We've got it, Jude," he said. "It's the least we could do."

Jude's face went flat - a little color even drained from it - before his hand clenched around mine. "The least you could do because you ruined my family?"

My head whipped to the side, my mouth opening. I'd known Jude was uneasy, but I never would have guessed he was this upset. I was wrong. I'd pushed this on him. Too much, too fast.

My dad's shoulders sagged as he leaned back into his chair. "I meant the least we could do since you've taken such good care of our daughter."

Neither Jude nor anyone else had a chance to reply because our waitress arrived, her eyes automatically targeting on Jude. "What can I get you all to drink this afternoon?" she asked. Well, she asked Jude.

No one replied; we were all still in a shocked silence from Jude's mini explosion. So I broke the ice. "I'll have a pomegranate tea." I suppose I could have tacked on "please" for good measure, but the broad wouldn't take her moon eyes off of Jude.

"I'll have a water," Jude said, staring at his menu.

"Oh, get something fun," Mom said, trying to lighten the mood. "They've got a special hot cider for today or - "

Jude glanced up, his eyes landing on Mom. "I'll have water," he repeated, his jaw tightening.

Shooting Mom a leave it be look, I glanced back at the waitress. She was still fixated on Jude. "You know what? I'll have a water too."

Jude looked over at me, the muscles of his neck straining, and I grinned at him. He looked as distressed and ready to go crazy as a caged gorilla. I never would have guessed one Thanksgiving brunch with my parents would be as potentially dangerous as it was becoming.

I should have known better.

"Make that four waters," Dad said, dropping his menu.

"Do you all know what you're going to order?" the waitress asked.

"We'll have four of the five course Thanksgiving day meals," dad said, collecting up our menus.

"I'm good," Jude said, shaking his head. "Thanks, though."

"Jude," I started, before he leveled me with a look that cut off my sentence.

"I'm not hungry, Luce," he said. "I'm good."

We'd gone from bad to worse in ten seconds. Things were not looking good for the rest of the afternoon if we continued at this rate.

"Son - " Dad started, nothing but concern in his voice, before Jude's head whipped around to glare at him.

"I'm not your son," Jude said, his jaw clenching. "The man whose son I am is in jail for killing your son. So don't pretend we have some sort of relationship that entitles you to refer to me as 'son.'" Bursting up in his seat, Jude shoved his chair back and marched away from the table.

Popping up in my seat, I followed after him. Even at a fast walk, he was thundering through the exit before I was out of the dining room. I'm sure people were watching the two of us, but all I paid attention to was the wide back thundering out into the street.

As soon as I shoved through the door, I ran down the steps and into the street. "Jude!" I hollered at him, but he didn't hear me. He was pacing beside the bed of his truck, his hands on his h*ps and his eyes somewhere else completely.

Then, clutching his head, he kicked the wheel of his truck before driving his fist into the rusted bed. His other fist followed, until both were moving so fast I couldn't tell which one was responsible for each metallic note exploding in the air.

"Jude!" I ran across the street towards him, almost slipping on the fresh snow. "Jude, stop!" I said, braking to a stop beside him and grabbing one of his arms. He was so intent upon beating the shit out of his truck I had to wrap both arms around one of his before I got his attention.

"Jude," I said, taking in a breath, "what are you doing?"

His gaze turned from the dents he'd hammered into his truck to my eyes. They didn't eclipse from black to light like they normally did when I interrupted one of his bouts of rage, and having him look at me with those dark, tortured eyes made a chill crawl up my spine.

"I need you to leave me alone right now, Luce," he said, biting around every word.

"Like hell I'm leaving you alone," I said, not letting go of his arm.

"Damn it, Lucy!" he shouted, driving his other fist into the truck bed. "I'm not safe to be around right now."

"You wouldn't hurt me," I said.

"I never would intentionally, but I hurt things, Luce. I hurt people," he said, looking away from me. "I sure as shit don't mean to, but it's in the damn DNA. The only way I can protect you from me is if I recognize the times it's not safe to be around me, tell you, and you actually listen." His tone had turned from angry to pleading - almost begging. He was begging me to turn around and leave him alone when these kinds of moments were when we needed each other most.

"I need to sort out my shit right now. I need to do this alone," he said, fitting his hand over my cheek, but it was careful, like he was afraid the contact might break me. "Tell your parents I'm sorry."

I lifted my hand and folded it over his on my cheek, trying to press it harder against me. It was met with a warm wetness. Holding my hand out in front of my face, I grabbed his. "You're bleeding."

"Barely," he said, pulling his hand away.

"Barely bleeding is a paper cut," I said, staring at his other hand also dripping blood. "You're creating pools of blood in the snow. You need stitches."

Opening the driver's side door, I grabbed the keys he left underneath the seat. I didn't know where the nearest ER was, but we were in New York. One couldn't be far off. "Get in," I instructed. "I'm taking you to get those gashes stitched up."

"No, you're not," Jude said, grabbing my waist and hoisting me out of the truck. "You're going to go back inside and enjoy the day with your parents."

"You need to get those looked at," I said, waving my hands at his.

"Leave it alone, Luce," he warned, letting me go and hopping into his truck.

"Stop acting like an a**hole and think!" I said, kicking his door as he closed it.

Rolling down the window, he sighed. He wouldn't look at me. "I'm working on it," he said. "Will your parents give you a ride back to your place?"

"If I said no, would you stay?"

He didn't pause. "No," he said, starting the truck up. "But I would make sure a cab was here to drive you home safely."

Infuriating.

"Then yeah, they'll drive me home."

"Good," he said, nodding once. "I'll call you later. After I get my head back on straight."

I laughed some of my frustration out. "If I had to wait for you to get your head on straight, I'd be waiting forever."

His face lined as his eyes closed. "I think I'm starting to see that too, Luce."

Then, without the shortest look my way, he eased out of the parking space, pausing and waiting for me to move.

Relenting, I took a few steps back.

"Bye," he whispered, heading down the road, the truck's wheels drawing lines in the snow. My eyes filled with tears, but I wouldn't let them fall because letting them fall was like admitting there was something worth crying over. Something worth crying over wasn't a place I wanted to visit when it came to Jude and me. So I didn't cry. I forced the tears to disappear. I focused on the blood dotted snow at my feet, shoving away the thoughts that snuck up on me, whispering it was a metaphor for what was to come.

I did go back into the restaurant, ignoring the looks of curiosity and sneers of disapproval; I even managed to make small talk with my parents and eat a bite of everything that was served. I went through the motions, put on the It's all good face, but it wasn't. Every second that ticked by drilled another hole in my heart. I wanted to be with him, to comfort whatever needed comforting, to be assured we were going to be all right. That we'd weather this storm.

After lunch, I showed my parents around New York. We saw the sights, exchanged some more small talk, and the ache in my heart went deeper.

"Honey, are you sure you don't want to stay with us at the hotel tonight?" Mom asked, turning in her seat as Dad drove through Juilliard's campus. "We've got an early flight tomorrow, but you could sleep in, order room service, and we could arrange to have a cab drive you back."

"Thanks, but I've got a load of homework to get cracking on and I need to rehearse for the winter recital," I said, looking out the window, trying to drone out "Blackbird" playing through the speakers. Even in a rental, dad had to have the Beatles blaring.

"You've got homework over Thanksgiving break?" Dad piped up, glancing in the rearview mirror.

"Tell me about it," I said, sounding as numb as I felt. "They're slave drivers here."

Dad made a clucking sound with his tongue, shaking his head. "This it, Lucy in the sky?" Dad asked, slowing in front of the dark dorm and peering up at it.

"Home sweet home," I said, going for the handle of the full-sized rental they'd splurged on. In fact, they'd splurged on the whole trip, the whole day. And a robot would have been just as good of company.

Stepping out of the car, I glanced over at the Mazda. The snow had died off, but a good couple of inches covered it.

"Are you going to be all right, Lucy?" Mom asked, stepping out and glancing over the car at me.

"She's going to be great," Dad answered for me, stepping out of the car and giving me a private smile.

I nodded because that's all the lie I was capable of right now.

"Thanks for coming all this way," I said, giving my dad a hug. "And sorry things went so wonky."

"Life is wonky, my Lucy in the sky," he said, patting my cheek. "It's to be expected."

For someone who had been declared mentally unstable over five years ago, my father was a very wise man.

Mom came around the car and wrapped me into her arms. "Everything will be fine, sweetheart," she said into my ear. "Men just need time to sort these things out. They don't have the need to talk the issue into a pulp like we do."

And for someone who'd been an ice queen for the past five years, she could be surprisingly warm. "Thanks, Mom," I replied. "That sounds like good advice."

"I'm the expert," she said, smiling in front of me. "I've lived it for the past five years," she mouthed, glancing back at Dad.

"Have a safe flight," I said, giving them each a quick peck on the cheek before heading up the walkway. "See you at Christmas."

"Love you, sweetheart," Mom said as they watched me head towards my dorm.

They obviously weren't going to take their eyes off of me until I was locked safely inside. To parents whose children didn't grow up in New York City, it was a place where murder happened around every corner and a criminal was lurking in every shadow. I was pretty sure my mom had been clutching a canister of mace when she stepped out of the car.

Sliding my key card in front of the register, I pushed the door open. Before stepping inside, I waved at them. They waved back, smiling at me, Mom tucked under Dad's arm, looking like the parents they'd been when I was in grade school.

At least one thing in my life was looking up.

The dorm hall was quiet. Silent. Most everyone was back home celebrating with their families, while the few that remained behind were likely out celebrating late into the night with their friends.

Shoving open the stairwell door, I walked down the empty hall, contemplating my next move. I was fighting every instinct to jump into the Mazda and not stop until I'd found Jude. I knew I should fight to stay put and do as he'd requested. Sit tight, give him some space, and he'd call me when whatever fit of rage that had risen had calmed.

But how long until he called? Did he mean tonight? Tomorrow? Next week?

Thumping my head into my door as I unlocked it, I toyed with the idea of flipping a coin. Thankfully, I came to the conclusion that was a disaster waiting to happen. I wasn't going to let fate make my decisions for me. That was my job. I'd rather be the one to blame for making the wrong decision than fate getting all the credit when I made a right one.

Switching the light on, I stood in the doorway, staring at the bed where Jude's suitcase and the pink rose he'd given me hours earlier rested. The rose was already starting to wilt.

Staring at that flower, the pink petals curling at the ends as the life bled out of it, helped me make my decision. Turning off the light, I locked the door back up and ran down the hall. I wasn't going to let what we had die due to neglect.

I was down the stairs and out the door less than a few minutes after my parents had pulled away. I had yet to purchase one of those snow scraper thingeys native New Yorkers seemed to have at least two of in the trunks of their cars on any given day of the year, so I used my forearm to scrape the snow off the windows before tossing myself inside.

I blasted the heaters as soon as I started it up and punched the gas a little too hard given the winter driving conditions. The car fishtailed a pattern in the snow before I got it under control. I hadn't made it out of the parking lot and I was already losing control.

Taking a slow breath, I pressed down carefully on the gas and the car behaved.

By the time I'd left Long Island, I was feeling just comfortable enough with driving in the snow to be dangerous, but the roads were quiet and would only get quieter by the time I made it to Syracuse. It would be well past two a.m., maybe even later with the roads, before I pulled into Jude's gravel driveway.

I didn't know that's where he'd gone - he could be anywhere - but that would be my starting point. I'd look under every nook and explore every cranny of New York until I found him. I didn't care that he told me to leave him alone, to give him time to sort out his shit. I also knew there was truth in what my mom had said about men not wanting to talk the issue to death.

I didn't need to talk - I just needed him to know I was here for him. I just needed to have him hold me while he figured out what needed figuring. I needed him to know I wasn't going anywhere and he couldn't send me somewhere that wasn't where he was.

I just needed to have him look me in the eyes and know that everything was going to be okay.

It was after three by the time I cut the ignition outside of Jude's. The snow had made the trip tricky and added another hour to the five hour journey. I wasn't tired anymore though, because parked across the front lawn was Jude's truck, the evidence of this afternoon's incident, where his truck became a punching bag, facing my direction.

The usual rabble of cars dotted the street and driveway - not a party night showing - but every night at this place was some sort of party night.

Walking across the lawn, I made sure to go slow because the falling temperatures had made most of the state of New York a thin sheet of ice. I still had my Mary Jane's on and they weren't exactly ideal shoes to be tramping through an ice field in.

I made it up the walk and stairs and, resting my hand over the doorknob, I exhaled, realizing I'd been in such a hurry to get here, I hadn't really planned out what I was going to say.

I didn't need to say anything, I reminded myself. I just needed to wrap my arms around him and let him know I was here for him. However he needed me to be. Just as long as it wasn't being left behind on some street in Soho.

I didn't knock, because no one would have answered and knocking wasn't a formality this place adhered to. In fact, there were no formalities that dwelled within the walls of this house, other than calling a cab for the latest girl you'd screwed.

A few guys were milling around in the living room, eating pizza and playing video games, but no one noticed me when I came in. Jude wasn't amongst them, so I jogged up the stairs, hoping my search would end in his bedroom. I didn't need an audience for however Jude was going to react to me showing up in the middle of the night.

His door was closed, no sounds coming from it other than the stream of the shower. Twisting the door open, I stepped inside. I was already heading towards the bathroom when I realized Jude wasn't the one in the shower, causing the billows of steam to drift into the room.

He was draped over his bed, in a drunk coma.

Buck nak*d.

His fingers were still wound around an almost empty bottle of tequila. My mind couldn't keep up with everything that was coming at it. Jude. Naked. Bed. Drunk. Tequila. Shower.

Just as my heart starting trilling with a realization I didn't want to face, the shower shut off. I wanted to turn and run out of his room and this house and pretend I hadn't seen any of it. I wanted to wake up tomorrow with a mind erased of everything from twelve p.m. yesterday to 3a.m. today.

I heard the shower curtain slide open and, just as I was backing up towards the door, someone sauntered out of the bathroom. As nak*d as Jude and still wet from the shower, Adriana's gaze shifted my way, her face falling for one second. And then it lifted into a smile. "Oops," she said, turning towards me so I could see every nak*d inch of the body Jude had enjoyed. "We weren't exactly expecting you."

I kept moving backwards, not able to get out of this room fast enough. In my hurry, my hip smacked into the side of Jude's dresser. Something fell to the floor, shattering. I didn't need to look down to confirm what had just shattered into an unfixable mess.

The noise jolted Jude awake. Shaking his head, the first thing he noticed was the bottle he was clutching. His eyebrows came together. Examining his nak*d arms next, his eyes traveled back the length of him. A frown was added to his expression. Then he noticed Adriana, in all her nak*d, wet splendor, taking a break from smirking at me to shoot a wink his way.

His expression ironed out, his face paling, and then, when his eyes swept my way, his whole face broke. Like mine had.

I wasn't going to lose it in front of her. I wasn't going to let her see that she'd won. Finally reaching the door, I threw myself out of it, already sprinting down the hall when Jude's shout rang after me.

"Luce!"

I didn't stop - I didn't even slow down. I would never stop or slow or sigh over him saying Luce again. Barreling down the stairs, I ran into a hard chest.

"Whoa," Tony said, grabbing hold of me. "Lucy? What are you doing here?" he asked, looking down at me. "Why are you upset?"

Throwing a look over my shoulder, I dodged out of Tony's hold. I didn't see him, but his voice was getting closer.

"Luce!" Jude shouted again down the hall. "Wait!"

I didn't. I couldn't.

Rushing outside the door, I leapt down the stairs, sliding almost the entire way to the Mazda. My hands were shaking, but I managed to pull the keys out of my coat pocket and start the ignition. Punching the car into drive, a shadow eclipsed the yellow light streaming out of the open front door.

Jude.

I hit the gas, forgetting I was on a plane of ice. My tires spun, getting me nowhere.

"No, Luce!" he shouted so loudly I could hear it across a lawn and through the windows of my car.

Taking a breath, I eased down on the accelerator this time and gained some traction. Encouraging the Mazda forward, I picked up some speed.

Before I'd gotten more than a few car lengths away, I caught sight of Jude leaping down the stairs and running across the lawn after me. He was still nak*d, nothing but a pair of boxers clutched in front of his nether region.

Gripping the steering wheel, I pressed the accelerator lower, praying I wouldn't wind up in a ditch at the end of the road.

"Lucy!" he shouted, banging into the side of the car.

I screamed in surprise, pressing the accelerator lower.

Pounding on my window, he ran alongside the car. "Stop, Lucy!" he yelled. "Don't do this."

I couldn't look at him, I couldn't look at what I'd lost so soon after losing it. Keeping my eyes on the road, I bit my lip to keep from crying and shook my head before punching the accelerator.

He stopped being able to keep pace by the time I got to the end of the block, and even though I swore I wouldn't, I looked in the rearview mirror.

He was crouching in the middle of the road, his breath steaming up the night air, and his head hung like he was both praying and accepting his punishment.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

I don't know how I made it to the parking lot of a hotel outside of Monticello - in one safe piece - but I guessed it had something to do with angels. There'd been numerous alerts coming through the radio advising people to stay off the roads, and if one had to go out for an emergency purpose, to make sure they strapped on chains.

So the fact a young girl who had never driven on snow or ice in her life managed to drive her car that didn't even have snow tires on it hundreds of miles without bending it around a median in a state of choking sobs, I knew some kind of ethereal being or beings had to have had a hand in it.

Grabbing my purse, I popped out of the car. My heels slipped and slid across the parking lot, managing to make it inside the lobby safely. The air was perfumed with coffee and some sort of chemical cleaner. But it was clean and it was somewhere Jude wouldn't be able to find me.

I knew he'd come looking - I'd been checking in my rearview mirror every mile, expecting to see the square headlights of his truck shining down on me, but they never had. But then again, who knows? Maybe I'd overestimated him. Maybe he got the whole chasing after me thing out of his system when he ran balls to the walls down the middle of an icy road, wearing nothing but a boxer loin cloth. The thought made me more depressed. I wanted to be chased, in some part of me I didn't want to acknowledge - I wanted to know I meant more to him than giving up after a few minutes.

But then I remembered Adriana's glistening nak*d body and that smirk of hers and I swore I never wanted to see Jude Ryder ever again.

I walked carefully across the lobby, like I was still traversing over ice, and the receptionist looked up. Her smile was warm. "Good morning," she greeted.

"Hi," I replied because there was nothing "good" about this morning. "I need a room if you have one."

I hadn't realized this one might be full. The thought of getting back in the car and white-knuckling a few more miles to the next place made my stomach turn.

"We sure do," she said, thrumming her fingers over the keys. "How long will you be staying with us?"

As long as possible. To the end of time.

"Until Sunday," I said. I didn't want to be in my room or in a place I could be found until I absolutely had to be.

"Check-in isn't until three, so I'm technically supposed to charge you for four nights," she said, swiping a card key through a device.

"That's fine," I said, pulling out my wallet.

"But it's Thanksgiving weekend and I like to give 'technically' a break on the holidays," she said, looking up at me with that smile again.

"Thanks," I said, handing her my card.

I didn't know how much it would cost, I didn't even know if the only room they had left was the presidential suite. I just had to crawl into a bed and let sleep take me away from reality for a while.

She took my card, studying my face. Her smile lined into concern. "Honey, are you all right?"

Great. I was a walking, obvious exhibit of emotion. I suppose my red-rimmed eyes and puffy face gave away something wasn't "all right."

I nodded. "Just tired," I said, wishing she could run my card faster so I could get on my way.

Having me sign a copy of my receipt, she handed me my card back. "You give us a call at the front desk if you need anything," she said, resting her hand over one of mine. Patting it, she gave me another smile. "Lord knows I love them, but men are one giant pain in the ass."

I didn't ask why in the entire population of hotel receptionists I'd wound up in front of the most perceptive one, because the irony of it just sort of fit the tone of the last twenty-four hours.

Trying to smile back, I tapped my card key on the counter. "Agreed," I replied, before heading towards the elevator.

I made it to the third floor; I even made it down the hall and into my room before the next batch of tears came. For someone who loathed crying, I was eating a lot of crow today. Taking a few seconds to kick off my shoes and coat, I slid under the covers and closed my eyes. I was asleep before the next tear could fall onto my pillow.

I spent the next three days never leaving my room. I slept almost all of Friday, watched the television unseeingly after that, and didn't order my first meal until Saturday afternoon because I'd lost my appetite. Even at that, I had to force myself to finish half of my toasted cheese sandwich. In between channel surfing and sleeping, I took showers. I preferred them to baths because I could pretend I wasn't crying when I was in the shower. I even tried to find a ballet studio I could dance at just to get some of the pain sweltering inside of me out. Of course, not a single studio would be opened this holiday weekend.

I'd turned off my phone when I woke up on Friday because Jude had been calling it every half hour since earlier that morning. My guess was that he'd made it back to my dorm by then, only to discover I wasn't there, and was going nuts trying to figure out where I was or worried what had become of me on those roads.

Turning my phone off, I reminded myself that a man who slept with another woman didn't have the right to worry about me or be assured I was safe anymore.

I slept late into Sunday, wanting to delay the inevitable. The hotel had been like this warm safety blanket, keeping me out of line of the storm coming for me, but it couldn't hide me forever. I had reality to get back to and I sure as hell wasn't going to ruin my life over one guy who I shouldn't have let into mine in the first place.

The ice and snow had melted by Friday afternoon, so the roads and my Mazda got along much better this trip, although the roads were a hundred times busier this trip thanks to all the holiday vacationers making their way back home.

It was late when I made it back to Juilliard. I told myself it wasn't because I'd been stalling, but because I'd wanted to take in the sights of the city from behind the windshield of my car. Of course I'd been living in a state of denial all weekend, so why should I stop now?

The parking lot was almost full again, almost every light in the rooms turned on and streaming with people back from a long weekend. Pulling into my assigned space, I turned off the car and gave myself a few long breaths before getting out. I couldn't put this off any longer.

Jude and his truck weren't anywhere in view, so maybe I'd been right and I hadn't been worth more than a few minutes' chase and a gazillion phone calls. The thought was one of the most depressing ones I'd had to date.

I still had on the same outfit I'd left the dorm in on Thursday, but it was crumbled, dirty, and in need of a trashcan now.

I could smell the signs and faintly hear the sounds, even from the stairwell, that India was back. That was just what I needed. To curl up next to her while she made me some kind of hippy tea that contained I didn't want to know what, while I spilled my guts and she gave me some sage advice that was along the lines of sicing a voodoo witch on him.

Shoving open the stairwell door, which felt twice as heavy as it used to, I stiffened as soon as I turned down the hall. The same figure, in almost the same position I'd peered at in my rearview mirror four nights ago, was crouched down the hall, staring at my door like he was begging it to let him in.

I'd just taken my first step back towards the stairwell when Jude's shoulders stiffened, right before his head snapped my way.

"Luce," he breathed, saying it like it was a prayer.

I shook my head, my eyes filling with more damn tears as I kept backing away. I couldn't do this anymore. I couldn't do Jude Ryder anymore because it was going to wind up being the reason for my death or institutionalization.

"Luce. Please," he begged, working his way into a stand. He wobbled, like he had run out of strength or was shit-face drunk.

I kept backing away. It was the only way I knew to keep me protected from him. I'd just keep retreating to the end of the earth if I had to.

"Luce," he repeated, his entire face twisting. Balancing against the wall, Jude took a couple steps my direction. But he didn't make it any farther than one before his legs gave out, his whole frame collapsing onto his knees.

It was instinctual, not rational, how I responded. Rushing towards him, I had this flash of panic that he was dying. I'd never seen Jude weak; I didn't think it was in him. Vulnerable, sure, but never weak. And here he was, not able to support his own weight more than a step at a time.

Sliding to the ground next to him, I could tell right away his lack of balance and coordination wasn't alcohol induced. His strained breath only smelt of Jude, and his eyes were clear.

Except when they lifted to meet mine, they clouded with some emotion that ran so deep I was sure I could never decipher it.

"God, Luce," he breathed, his breath coming in haggard spurts, "don't do that to me again."

His arms folded around me, pulling me against him with all the strength he had left. It wasn't his normal embrace, the one that felt like those arms could shield me from the whole world; this one was hollow and even a bit awkward.

Pushing away from him, assured he wasn't going to die any time soon, my sorrow morphed into anger. Partly to do with him being here when he didn't have a right to be here anymore, and partly because I had to look on what I'd lost again. His face lined with pain when I pushed him away.

"Don't ever do that to you again?" I spit the words back at him. I didn't care how weak he was; he didn't deserve even the thinnest filter of mercy. "Don't ever do that to you again?" I couldn't seem to get anything else out.

"Yeah," he said, staring at the ground, "don't do that to me again. Do you know how god damned worried I've been about you?" His chest was heaving with his words, like oxygen wouldn't take up residence in his lungs. "Do you know how many times I've searched this city over making sure you weren't dead in some back alley? Do you know how many hospitals, police stations, and news stations I called every hour to make sure they hadn't found you at the bottom of some ditch?" His eyes lifted back to mine, and they flashed onyx. "So, yeah, don't you ever do that to me again."

"Fine," I said, giving his chest another shove. For the first time, I could actually move him. "I'll stop doing that to you when you stop screwing skanks behind my back. Oh wait, I'm done with you and your cheating ass ways, so you can screw whoever the hell you want." Shoving him again, I bolted up, lunging towards my door. I needed a buffer between us right now, preferably a state or two, but I'd have to settle for a dorm room door.

"You are not done with me," he said, his teeth gritted as he walked on his knees towards me.

"Oh, yes, I am. I'm so done with you, Jude Ryder!" I shouted, spinning on him once I'd thrown open the door. "I'M DONE IN!" Slamming the door shut, it bounced right back. Jude had wedged himself inside the doorway and I'd managed to slam that door hard into the side of his face.

He grimaced, but it looked like it was more due to the kind of pain that wasn't physical.

"Hell and Hades, you two!" India shouted, springing up from her chair in the corner and lunging across the room at us. "Stop making a scene. You're not the first couple to have a lover's quarrel, so stop acting like it."

Pushing me to the side, she leaned over Jude, glancing down the hall. "Sorry," she called out, "we're working out some issues down here. We won't keep y'all up all night."

Waving down the hall, she glanced down at Jude, who was leaning into the doorway, breathing like he still couldn't catch his breath and staring into the floor like he was waiting for it to swallow him up. Winding her arms beneath Jude's, she pulled him inside the room. "Get in here, you crazy son of a bitch."

Once Jude was inside, she shut the door and slammed her back against it. Exhaling, she looked over at me where I stood at the foot of my bed, arms crossed and looking everywhere but at Jude.

"Hear the man out," she said like it was an order. "He's earned it and you deserve it."

"Wait," my eyes flashed to India's, "you've already talked with him? You actually believe the pile of lies he gave you?"

India wasn't gullible and believed, as a species, humans weren't to be trusted, so whatever Jude had said to her had to have been impressive.

One big, fat, impressive lie.

"That's right," she said, looking at me like I was behaving like a child. "You got a problem with that?"

"Only a few million," I smarted back. "Friend," I tacked on to drill the guilt in deeper.

It didn't work. India was a pillar that wouldn't be penetrated by any devices of guilt.

"Listen, friend," she added, arching a brow. "He's here. You're here. Talk this shit out and then you can go back to hating his sorry ass when it's all out there on the table."

Walking towards me, she wrapped her arms around me and gave me one long, tight squeeze. Her long, gold earrings chimed against my shoulder. "Talk. Listen. I know it seems hard, but it really isn't," she said, moving towards the door. "I'll be in the commons if you need me."

Leaning over Jude, she patted his cheek. He didn't respond. "Here's your chance. Don't waste it."

Opening the door, India glanced back down at Jude's crumpled form, frowning. "See if you can get this man to eat or drink something, Lucy. He's going to be knocking on death's door if he doesn't get some fluids in him. And you better drink, you crazy bastard," she said, toeing at Jude's leg. "Because a person can only go seven days without fluids before their system shuts down. I'm guessing you're on day four."

Before closing the door behind her, India gave me a small smile of encouragement, and then it was just Jude and me.

As pissed as I was at him, a nagging twist poked at me when I really took him in. Weak, weary, barely able to catch his breath, staring at the floor without seeing it.

"Have you really not had anything to eat or drink in four days?" I asked, moving over to the mini fridge.

"I can't remember," he answered, his voice as weak as the rest of him.

"Damn fool," I muttered, collecting a couple bottles of water into my arms and a bar of chocolate India and I kept stashed in the back for emergency purposes. A man about to pass out from not eating in days qualified as emergency purposes.

Falling to my knees in front of him, I unscrewed the lid from one of the bottles. "Here," I said, lifting it to his lips, "drink."

It wasn't a request.

He didn't move; his head just hung there, his fists clenching and unclenching over his thighs.

"Jude," I said, lifting his chin until we were at eye level. "Drink this. Please."

His eyes were almost as hollow as his embrace had felt in the hall. Something twisted in my gut, something that ran deeper than anything else had.

He parted his lips and I lifted the bottle to his mouth and tilted it so a steady stream would fall in.

He swallowed, keeping his eyes locked on mine, gulping down everything I was giving him until the bottle was empty.

I had to look away, because I couldn't look into those eyes any longer. The gray had drained out of them, leaving nothing but black behind.

"Better?" I asked, tossing the bottle to the side and handing him the next.

He nodded, looking like he was about to pull me to him.

"Good," I said, lifting my hand and slapping him across the cheek. I hadn't realized I was going to do it, but it felt damn good.

At least it felt good until his eyes flinched closed as a red hand blossomed over his cheek.

"I'm sorry," I said, leaning towards him and inspecting his face.

I'd just hit Jude. Hard. And I hadn't even known I was about to do it.

Hang on because this roller coaster had reached the summit and was about to race straight down.

"Jude, god," I said, fussing over his face. I'd been reduced to an emotional, instinctual monster. "I'm sorry."

"Do it again," he whispered, his eyes still closed.

"What?" I said, hoping I'd heard him wrong or was mistaking what he meant. "No."

"Do it" - opening his eyes, they locked onto mine - "again."

This roller coaster was going down. All the way down. "No," I said again, wondering if my slap had knocked something loose.

"Damn it it, Luce," he hollered, grabbing my wrist as I tried to scoot away, "hit me again!"

"No!" I was shouting now too. "Let me go, Jude!"

"Hit me!" he yelled, raising my hand above him and pounding it down against his face. "Again!" Grabbing my other hand, he flattened it and drove it into his other cheek.

"Stop!" I cried, trying to pull my wrists free of his grasp. His hands formed liked vices over mine, not letting me go. He drove the other palm into his face, and then the other. "Stop," I whimpered, my throat contracting around my sobs.

He didn't. Hit after hit, Jude slapped my hands against his face until they were tingling.

"Jude, stop," I cried, my sobs rocking me. His cheeks were red, capillaries broken on the surface. "Please."

Then, as suddenly as he'd started, he freed my hands, letting them fall back into my lap. They stung, like hundreds of needles were poking at the surface, but what I felt inside hurt the worst.

I loved the broken man kneeling in front of me - loved him like I never would another. But I couldn't be with him. For plenty of reasons, this latest episode the most recent.

"You feel better?" he said, falling back, using my bed as a backrest.

"No," I said, wiping my face with the back of my coat, looking down into my open hands like I couldn't believe what they were capable of.

"Me neither," he said, rubbing his hands over his face.

His breathing had grown shorter, and the parts of his face that weren't red were white and clammy. I'd never seen Jude so frail - never imagined he could ever be so.

"Here," I said, tossing the chocolate bar at him. "Eat that."

"I thought you didn't care," he said, turning the bar over in his hand, inspecting it.

"I don't," I lied, settling into a more comfortable position on the floor. "Just eat it. I don't want you passing out because it would take a half dozen guys to move you."

One corner of his mouth lifted as he unwrapped the bar. Breaking a chunk off, he tossed it at me. "You look like you need sustenance as much as I do," he said, breaking off another piece. "I'll eat if you eat."

I sighed, knowing he was right, as much as I didn't want him to be.

"Fine." Taking a bite, I let the chocolate melt in my mouth.

Lifting his piece at me, he stuffed the whole thing in his mouth. He chewed it, staring at me as if he was contemplating his next move. "I didn't screw Adriana, Luce."

I almost choked on the bit of chocolate still melting in my mouth. He wasn't going to ease our way into this conversation. He was charging the red flag like a bull.

"Sure you didn't," I said, sliding my shoes off and tossing them across the room. "She just needed to borrow your shower. While you snoozed nak*d on the bed. With an empty bottle of tequila in hand."

The muscles of his neck tightened, his jaw following. "I didn't screw her, Luce," he repeated.

I laughed one clipped note. "You were drunk, Jude. Shit faced drunk," I said, trying not to visualize the whole scene in my mind again. "How the hell would you know?"

I was insulted that he'd led with the whole denial act. Jude knew I wasn't a gullible girl and the fact that he was treating me like one now was just downright insulting.

"How the hell would I know?" he repeated, his face screwed into disbelief. "How the hell would I know, Luce?" Okay, now he was looking insulted. "I know because even if I drank every last drop of alcohol in every seedy bar in this town, there's only one girl I'd want to crawl into bed with. There'd only be one girl I could even fantasize about going to bed with."

"Let me guess," I mused, tapping my temple. "Adriana Vix?"

Jude pounded the floor with his fist. "Would you stop being so damn difficult?"

"Would you stop screwing manipulative bitches behind my back?" Low blow, but that's where I felt like hitting right now.

"I can't stop what I never started," he said, popping his neck, attempting to diffuse the ticking time bomb from going off again.

"So you're telling me a nak*d, freshly showered Adriana Vix just magically appeared in your bedroom?" I hoped it sounded as preposterous as it was.

"Would you believed me if I told you what happened?" he asked, keeping his words slow, his muscles relaxed.

"No," I snapped, "but I'm sure it will be highly entertaining and quite imaginative, so please, tell away."

He took in another breath, really trying not to react to me baiting him.

"After I left the restaurant, I drove back to my house. I was pissed and angry at myself for ruining the day, so I grabbed myself a bottle of tequila and went upstairs and sulked in my bedroom until I was drunk."

"Shit faced drunk," I clarified.

"Luce," he dropped his gaze at me, "you and I both know it would take a hell of a lot more than a bottle to get me shit faced."

So what if the man could hold his liquor? Not on that day. Not on an empty stomach. Not after he'd left his girlfriend in the middle of a snowy street.

"I was buzzing for sure, but when I crawled into bed that night, I was alone. And I at least had a pair of boxers on."

"So Adriana slipped into your room, stripped you, positioned you, and hopped into the shower?"

"Maybe."

"And I have 'dumb' tattooed to my face where?" I asked, glaring over at him.

"I've never once treated like you were some dumb broad, Luce, so don't go there now," he said, almost shouting. "I'm telling you what I know happened, I'm admitting what I don't know, but I swear to you, on your brother's grave, that I did not take Adriana Vix to bed with me that night."

I recoiled from the words, scooting farther from him. "Don't you bring my brother into this," I warned, lifting my finger at him. "Don't you swear on his grave, you lying bastard!"

"All right," Jude said, exhaling through his nose. "I won't swear on anyone's grave. I'll just give you my word. I didn't do it, Luce. I love you. I'll only ever love you." The pain flashed through his eyes again. "I need you to believe me."

I laughed. "Too damn bad."

Dropping the half eaten chocolate bar to the side, he exhaled. He was tired and drained, maybe even more than I was.

"Then I need you to trust me, Luce." Looking up, he met my eyes and I didn't need words to read his meaning.

Trust. What I hadn't given him months ago. What I'd paid for for not giving it to him. What I'd promised him he'd always have.

And this was Jude's low blow. Asking me to trust him, knowing I couldn't deny him this when I had before. I knew what I'd seen, so I couldn't believe him. But I knew him, and because of that - no matter how preposterous this whole denial thing was - I made up my mind to trust him.

"Fine," I breathed, realizing trust was as painful as love.

The breath he'd been holding fell out of his mouth, the lines ironing from his face. His whole body relaxed. "So we're good?" he asked so softly it was like he was afraid of the answer. "We're going to be able to make it past this?"

My hands were shaking because this was it. The end.

"I trust you, Jude," I began, focusing on my trembling hands because I couldn't watch his face break again, "but I can't do this right now. I need a break."

I had to pause to collect myself before I could go on. "I can't keep doing this up and down, never knowing what's going to be around the corner thing. I need some time to get myself right. To figure out what I want and how and if we fit into that picture. I need to focus on school and dance and what I want out of my future. I need... time."

He'd stayed silent, unmoving, the entire time, letting me get out what I needed to.

"Luce," he said after a minute of silence, "are you saying what I think you're saying?"

His voice almost made me break down into sobs again. "Yeah," I said, turning my hands over. "I think so."

He sucked in a breath, his head falling back against my mattress.

"I just need some time right now, Jude," I rushed, wanting to give him a scrap of hope I knew wasn't there to give. "I need a break from the tornado you and I create everywhere we go."

"How much time?" His voice was a whisper, his own gaze focused on where my hands shook in my lap.

"I don't know," I answered. "A month. Maybe more."

"A month?" he gasped, punching the floor again.

"I don't know, Jude. I just don't damn well know right now," I said, hanging from the verge of losing it again. "I'm sorry."

And I was. Despite whatever had or hadn't happened in Jude's bedroom Thursday night into Friday morning, I didn't want to hurt him. I didn't want to be the one responsible for the pain in his voice or the agony on his face.

He studied me, silently watched me. For what felt like five minutes. His eyes didn't miss one detail.

Crawling across the floor to me, his hands folded over mine in my lap, where they still shook.

"Okay," he said, his voice tight. "Take your time. Take as much time as you need." Sucking in a breath, he let it out slowly. "I'll be here when you're ready. No matter how long it takes. I'll always be here, Luce. I'm yours," he breathed, squeezing my hands, "forever."

He stood up, looking down at where I sat, just keeping it together by a thread, and stared at me. Like the idea of turning and walking out that door was crippling. Leaning down, he kissed the top of my head.

"Love ya, Luce," he said, turning and heading for the door. "And I'm sorry me being in your life has made it so difficult. And I'm sorry I'm a piece of shit trying to feel his way out of being such a piece of shit." Opening the door, he paused before closing it behind him. "I'd do anything to make you happy."

As soon as the door closed behind him, my eyes flitted towards it, wishing I could take back everything. But I knew I couldn't. I couldn't keep doing this to myself. It wasn't healthy feeling these kinds of searing emotions on a regular basis.

I sat there in the same position, telling myself I'd made a huge mistake, only to remind myself I'd done the right thing two seconds later. I wasn't sure how long I'd been playing devil's advocate with myself when a tapping sounded outside the door.

"Come in." My throat ached and my voice was hoarse.

India stuck her head in, frowning when she saw me on the floor. "Did that bastard just break your heart?" she asked, stepping inside and kneeling beside me.

I shook my head. "No," I said, "but I think I might have just broke his."

"You two," she said, hanging her head. "When are you going to get your shit together, huh?"

My hands had stopped shaking, but they were numb. Dead.

"Maybe never," I answered. "Maybe we were never meant to be together in the first place." Saying those words hurt my throat worse than the sobs had.

"Lucy, lord knows I love you and you're my vanilla bean sister, but you can be daft some times."

My head whipped up. What I needed from India was compassion and a shoulder to cry my eyes out on. Not another voice telling me I'd just made the biggest mistake of my life.

"When are you going to stop looking at all the reasons you shouldn't be together and start focusing on the reasons you should be?" she asked, her eyebrow ring bouncing with her eyebrows.

"India," I said, "for all intents and purposes, he screwed my arch nemesis. Any reasons we had to be together kind of flew south with his boxers."

"Is that what Jude admitted to?" she asked, plopping down beside me. "Making your arch nemesis pant?"

"Of course he didn't admit to that," I snapped, glaring at the half eaten chocolate bar on the floor. "He said he didn't do it."

"Then shame on you," India said, her eyes narrowing at the same time her arm roped over my shoulder. "If you say you're going to trust your man, then trust your man. Don't revoke that privilege when he needs it most."

"Oh, come on, Indie," I said, so tired of arguing. "Not you too."

"I've said my piece," she said, holding her hand over her chest. "You are free to make just as many mistakes as the rest of us are. I just think this one is the one you'll regret for the rest of your life."

"Thanks for the pep talk," I said, giving her a thumbs up. "Friend," I added, to drive the dagger a little deeper.

She wasn't impressed. "Speaking of Mr. Biggest Regret of Your Life," she said, smiling sweetly at me, "where is the arch nemesis screwer?"

I lifted a shoulder. "Heading back to school," I guessed.

"How?" she asked, looking over at me like I was making a joke.

"With his P.O.S. truck that gets two miles to the gallon and has an impressive array of fists dents dotting the bed." And she had the nerve to call me daft.

"That P.O.S. was towed three nights ago after he showed up," she said, standing up and walking towards the window. "One of the guys who hung around all weekend said he drove that truck right up to the front door and left it there while he searched every floor and room for you. I guess Juilliard decided a truck blocking the front entrance of one of their dorms was a parking violation."

"So how's he getting back?"

"Unless there's a bus line that runs from New York to Syracuse late on a Sunday night, I'd say he's hoofing it," India replied, peering out the window.

"You've got to be kidding me," I muttered, knowing she was right. Jude was just crazy enough to attempt it. Or he'd wind up hitching, and the thought of the kind of person that might pick him up made my stomach jump into my throat.

"India," I said, hopping up, "will you find him and drive him home? Please?" I wasn't above begging.

"No can do, chicky-dee," she said, plopping into her chair and firing up her laptop. "I've got more homework tonight than a Latin man has mojo."

"India," I whined, giving her a sad face that did nothing but earn an eye roll from her.

"Sorry, I can't do it," she said, fishing something out of the pocket of her hip-hugger jeans. "But you can use my sweet ass car. She'll get you there fast and safe." Tossing the keys at me, she waved me away. "Now be off with you. He can't be more than a couple miles down the road."

Looking up at me, she smirked. "Two down, only about another two hundred and fifty to go."

Glaring at her, I grabbed my purse and marched towards the door.

"Have a nice trip," she called after me, purring like a minx.

Making my way back down the hall, down the stairwell, and out the door, I debated taking India's car over mine. As soon as I stepped out into the cold November night, I decided. Heated leather seats it was.

Trudging over to the luxury something or another, I glanced around, not really expecting to see Jude, but kind of hoping I would. I fumbled with the buttons on her key, finally managing to get the thing unlocked on the third try. Sliding into the seat, I adjusted it forward because India was pushing six feet, turned the key over, and cranked the heated seats to the high setting. Warmth drifted up my body almost immediately.

Pulling out of the parking lot, I decided to drive the route I drove every other weekend when I headed up to see Jude. I didn't know if he'd taken it - I didn't even know if he was on foot - but it was a starting point.

I cruised a few miles below the speed limit, whipping my head from sidewalk to sidewalk, sure I'd see him the next block down. The next block turned out to be three miles down the road. India'd been right. He was planning on walking the journey from New York to Syracuse on foot.

Not that I needed any more confirmation, but the man was crazy.

His walk was purposeful, his shoulders rolled forward and his hands stuffed into his pockets, likely to stay warm. I could see the fog from his breath from half a block back. Steering over beside him, I rolled down the window.

"Need a ride, cowboy?"

His mouth curved up as he continued down the sidewalk. "Girls shouldn't offer rides to crazy men roaming the streets late at night."

I reminded myself I was mad at him and that we were taking a break. After I gave him a lift home. "I like my men crazy."

Stopping, he turned and walked towards the car. "Then I'd love a ride," he said, sliding into the passenger seat and smiling over at me. It was the sad kind though because it didn't hit his eyes.

"Cold?" I asked, turning his seat to the high setting.

He lifted a shoulder. "I've been colder."

I could tell he was hiding something between the lines - like a subliminal message - but I wasn't sure what.

"Okay then," I said, hitting cruising speed. "Syracuse or bust?"

Hanging his hands in front of the heater, he looked away from me and stared out the window. "I'll take 'or bust.'"

I glanced over at him. The heat blasting through the car heightened Jude's normally subdued scent. Every breath I inhaled smelled of Jude. Every breath hurt to take. "Of course you would."

"You and I both know where I'd rather be, but since I can't have that, then sure, Syracuse will work."

I looked down at the clock glowing neon green in the dark. We'd ticked off a whole five minutes in what was a five hour journey. If he kept throwing these kind of topic punches, I was going to be TKO because we hit the interstate.

"Could we not do that?" I asked. "I need a break. You agreed to one. But I couldn't let you walk a million miles in the cold and dark. Can we just play nice?"

"Yeah, Luce," he said, tilting his head back on the seat rest. "I can play however you want me to play."

By the time we were cruising down the interstate, Jude and I hadn't said another word to each other. We'd never mastered the art of small talk and since the heavy stuff was off the table, we settled into an agreed upon silence. Although it didn't feel quiet.

At the first pit stop, Jude insisted he drive the rest of the way and those were the first and last words he said to me the rest of the way.

CHAPTER TWELVE

I jolted awake, but my jolt fizzled short. I was in the passenger seat of India's car, the seatbelt tight around me, the morning light just starting to make its way into the car. I was staring at the ceiling since my seat was reclined. Unbuckling my belt, I shifted in my seat.

Jude was reclined in the driver's seat, awake, and watching me.

"What time is it?" I asked, shifting farther onto my side to look at him straight on.

"A little after five, I think," he said, the crescents beneath his eyes darkened. I wasn't sure how long Jude had gone without sleep, but I knew whether it was one night or four nights, it was unhealthy.

I - us being the real stick of dyn**ite - was as unhealthy for him as he was for me.

My first class was at nine, so there was no way around being late unless I booked twenty miles over the speed limit. "I've got to get going," I said, reaching for the switch on the side of the seat to lift the seat back up.

Jude didn't move; he just stayed reclined, curled into that position, staring into the space I'd just been asleep in.

Finally, he sighed. "Yeah. I know."

Moving the seat up, he exited the car. He waited for me as I came around the front, holding the door open and toeing at the ground.

Another goodbye I had to say to Jude, the semi-permanent kind, and I didn't want to do it again.

"Bye," I whispered, squeezing past him to crawl into the car. The word stuck in my throat, tasting acrid.

His arms suddenly wrapped around me and pulled me against him, surprising me. He held onto me, refusing to let me go, and I let him. In the past, Jude had always felt like the one holding me up when we were close like this, but now it felt like I was the one holding him up.

Nuzzling into my neck, his body shook once. I was going to start sobbing again if he didn't let me go.

I was one breath breathed against my neck away from dropping my first tear when his arms lifted away, feeling like he was breaking through concrete to free them.

"Bye, Luce," he whispered, pressing his lips into my temple before turning around and heading into the house.

He didn't look back once, but I watched him the whole way until he'd disappeared into the house. Crawling into the car, I adjusted the driver's seat and right before I pulled away, I glanced up into Jude's bedroom window. He was taking up the window, watching me with the same eyes I'd just watched him with as he walked away from me.

Why did I do this to myself? Why didn't I just put foot to pedal, not giving the window a second thought?

Of course I knew the answer to that. I loved him.

But sometimes, as I was learning, love just wasn't enough.

A few weeks went by. A few weeks had never passed so slowly.

Jude kept his word, giving me the space I needed, not so much as sending a "Hey" text my way. Because I was who I was, one part of me was thankful to him for following my request, and another part was hurt. But because Jude was who he was, nothing or nobody told him what to do and a part of me knew if he really wanted to text me with a "Hey," he would have.

The Tuesday following our indefinite separation, I'd woken up to a new set of heavy duty studs on the Mazda. There wasn't a note or anything that would indicate who was the overnight tire fairy, but of course I knew. I didn't know how he'd done it, but the gesture - knowing what they'd cost and the time it'd taken him to put them on - made me shed a fresh set of tears that morning after having a day's break.

The next week, I awoke to a rose propped up on the windshield. A red rose.

I'd been reduced to one of those emotional girls I rolled my eyes at, leaving puddles of tears everywhere I went. It pissed me off to no end, but I went with it. Going without Jude felt like going through life without a compass, so if my body needed some tears to help it cope, I could handle it. So I tried to lose myself on the dance floor. I threw myself into dance, what had always been my go-to therapy and, for the first time, it fell short in the healing department. No matter how long or how hard I danced, the pain never muted. It never even dulled.

Thomas and I had danced at the winter recital last weekend and people were still talking about it. I'd refused to let myself look at the seat in the front and middle while we performed, because I knew if I found it empty or filled by someone else, I wouldn't be able to make it through the rest of the performance.

I'd been right. As Thomas and I took our bows, I slipped and my eyes drifted to that one seat that had been overflowed by a beaming face this past year. It wasn't tonight. A stone faced middle-aged man sat in Jude's seat.

I had to cut the bowing and applause short because I wasn't going to cry on stage. I still had some sense of propriety when it came to where and who I'd let see me cry.

In short, I was a mess.

Friday afternoon, a week before school let out for winter break, I was hurrying towards my dorm, hoping the faster I walked, the warmer I'd stay against the not-quite frigid temperatures. It was a nice thought.

"I don't think you could look more pissed at the weather if you tried," a familiar voice called out as I walked up the path to the dorm.

Lifting my head, I found Tony propped on the top step in front of the door, burrowed down in a big black down coat and smiling his Tony grin at me.

"Long time no see," I said, letting myself smile. It felt good, having one piece of Jude close by.

Tony arched a black eyebrow. "Isn't that the way you wanted it?"

Wrapping my scarf around my neck one more revolution, I walked up to him. "Damned if I know."

"You women," he said, shaking his head. "You play this tough game of pretending to know what you want, but as soon as we give it to you, you want the opposite."

I smirked at him as I climbed the stairs and swiped my card key. No conversation needed to be had in the cold when a heated room was one card swipe away.

"You're rather observant for a certified player," I said, holding the door open.

Hoisting himself up, Tony weaved through the door and I followed behind him. He plopped into the first chair he came upon in the commons area. "This is some pretty nice digs," he said, appraising the room.

Taking the seat next to him, I slid my mittens off. "Why are you here, Tony?" I asked, because he had yet to mention it and Tony and I had only been friends by association of Jude. We didn't have the relationship that would justify him driving five hours to visit me.

His face dropped. My stomach followed.

"Oh, my god," I breathed. "Is Jude all right?" My mind, of course, started firing off a list of things that might have happened to him.

"What do you think?" he asked, eyeing me.

"Don't play with me, Tony," I warned, my heart starting to slow when I realized what Tony was getting at. Life and limb wise, Jude was fine. Heart and soul wise, he was a bloody mess, right along with me.

"In terms of your face dropping reaction, yeah, he's fine. No broken bones, no dangling limbs, no fast spreading tumors."

I waited for my pulse to return to normal. "So what's up?"

Looking at the floor, Tony leaned forward, propping his elbows on his knees. His foot was tapping the floor like a piston on speed.

"I heard about what happened with Adriana," he began, causing me to flinch. I'd gone three weeks without hearing that name and trying not to think about it. Hearing it now slammed me up against a wall.

"I heard Jude's story, he told me your story, and lord knows I had to hear Adriana bragging about how she's bedded the quarterback with a girlfriend."

I was wishing I hadn't invited Tony inside.

"Anyways, I didn't think much of it after the drama died down a bit. I believed Jude because he's my boy, but even I have to admit I had my doubts about the whole 'no way in hell would I or did I screw Adriana Vix' testimony," he said, his eyes moving around the room. "I mean, she's Adriana Vix. Adriana. Vix."

"I get it, Tony," I interrupted, not in the mood for him to get a hard on while he fantasized about her in front of me. "What's your point?"

Shaking his head, he glanced over at me. "A couple nights ago, I was with my Spirit Sister being" - his face lined as he contemplated - "serviced, and she might have been a tad tipsy and ran her mouth a bit more than Adriana would have liked."

That was one sentence that I couldn't and didn't want to wrap my mind around. So I looked at Tony and waited.

"My Spirit Sister's Payton Presley," he explained, which didn't explain anything to me. "She and Adriana are, like, best friends. At least as much as girls like those can have best friends. It's more like 'you're my favorite enemy, so I'll drive the dagger into your back softly when you turn around.' That kind of thing."

None of this was coming around to Jude and me.

"And?" I tried not to sound irritated.

"So Payton was running her mouth in bed about how at least she didn't have to stage a screw with her football player."

My heartbeat picked up pace again.

"I nonchalantly pressed her for more details and apparently Adriana told her everything that happened. About Jude storming into the house after your guys' fight, shutting himself in his room with a bottle of tequila. And so, don't hate me," he said, looking over at me like he was a bit scared of me. He had me by a hundred and fifty pounds and he looked like he wanted to feint away from me, "but I might have been the one to mention you and Jude's fight to Adriana that night. Jude had opened up to me about what had happened, not much - he hadn't wanted to talk much - but I didn't think it was that big of a deal telling her when she showed up late that night."

Everything was coming together now. And the realization of what had happened was causing me to feel all sorts of things.

"Payton told me Adriana guessed that you would eventually come walking through that front door, so she camped out in Jude's room, stripping him down while he snoozed in a tequila stupor, hung out in a bathrobe in front of the window until you pulled up," Tony sighed, leaning back into the chair and staring at the ceiling, "and you know the rest."

Words failed me. My heart beat so hard it was echoing through me. There were so many things I needed to say and I needed to do. Jude had been right.

He hadn't slept with her. He'd told me it didn't matter how drunk he got, he never would want anyone but me. Or at least hadn't at the time. Who knows what had changed in him during those weeks apart?

I had about a hundred questions of clarification for Tony, and about a million things I wanted to say, but only two words were on the tip of my tongue.

"That. Bitch."

Tony nodded. "Not exactly breaking news there, Lucy." Popping to a stand, he looked down at me. "I know this is none of my business, and I'm gonna catch a shitload of heat from the cheerleaders if they find out I ratted one of their own, but I don't care. I like Jude. I like you. He loves you," he said, shoving his hands in his pockets. "You deserve to know the truth."

I had the truth for weeks now, and I'd refused to let it take root.

"Sorry to throw this all on you, Lucy. I know you wanted your space and time and everything, but I couldn't not tell you."

"Does Jude know you're here?" I asked, contemplating my next move.

"Nope," he said, giving me a sheepish smile. "And he'd probably kick my ass if he did know."

I nodded. He patted my leg before heading towards the door. "I gotta get back. We're throwing a huge bash at the place tonight and someone's got to tap the kegs."

"Tony?" I called after him.

Stopping, he turned around.

"Thank you."

"What can I say?" he said, running his fingers through his dark hair. "I might never find something as special as what you guys have together, but I sure as hell am not going to let you guys throw it all away without a fight."

Is that what everyone thought I'd done? Thrown Jude's and my relationship away? That's the farthest thing away from how I would have described it. If anything, I carried it with me everywhere I went.

"Talk to ya later, Lucy," he said, waving before throwing the door open and leaping down the stairs.

Later wasn't going to be all that far off, I decided.

Going with my gut, letting it dictate something that was rash and every shade of irresponsible, I burst out of my seat and was bouncing down the front stairs of the dorm as Tony's truck peeled out of the parking lot.

I hopped into my car, heading out of the parking lot with only one person's face on my mind as I headed north.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

A double cappuccino, one pit stop, and a half a tank of gas later, I was pulling onto the street Jude's house was on. The street was already brimming with cars, but I didn't let that stop me. I had a one track mind and now that I was close to putting that track into action, I rolled up in front of the house, put the car in park, and left it in the middle of the street. Jude's truck was back in the driveway, proving if mine got towed, I could get it back somehow.

Bounding across the yard and up the stairs, I let myself in. It didn't sting as bad as I'd thought it would, being here after weeks of separation, but I knew that had everything to do with the adrenaline firing to life right now. I had a message to deliver and I wasn't leaving here until it'd been heard.

Weaving through the room crammed with bodies, I slid out of my coat and dropped it on the closest piece of furniture. My hat and mittens followed. I recognized a few faces in the crowd, but most were strangers whose eyes fell on me, likely wondering what was the reason for the scalding expression on my face.

Making my way to the end of the room where the fireplace was, I saw Jude. He was sitting on the couch, alone, a full cup of beer in his hand, just staring into the fireplace where no fire burned. His gray beanie was back on, sitting low on his forehead.

My stomach burned, seeing him like this. I wanted to go and wrap my arms around him until I was assured that beneath the statue sitting in front of me was the man I loved.

But that would have to wait.

I'd come here looking for someone else.

I'd driven five hours to find that bitch Adriana Vix and give her a piece of my mind - my fist doing the giving.

I didn't have to guess who was in the center of the circle of guys over by the dining room table. A fresh burst of adrenaline shot through me as I marched across the room. Shouldering and shoving my way through the grouping of guys, I squared myself in front of Adriana.

For one second she looked surprised to see me, then her eyes narrowed as she crossed her arms, looking put out I was taking up her space.

"What?" she said, bobbing her neck to the side.

I grinned. She shouldn't have come at me with words when I was way past words. My arm was already swinging back when her eyes widened, realizing I wasn't in the "talking" mood.

My fist clocked her across the cheek, throwing her back into the crowd of shock faced guys.

"That's what!" I said, shaking my hand. Those cheekbones of hers were sharp, but damn if it wasn't worth it. "Bitch!" I tacked on, glowering at her.

Adjusting herself, she shoved away the guys fussing over her. Those green eyes of hers swirled black.

"You're going to pay for that," she seethed, her fists clenching. "That's gonna leave a bruise."

Without so much as a second thought, my other arm shot across my body, landing on the other side of her face. "There!" I shouted, shaking that hand too. "There's another so they'll match."

Adriana's bronze skin flashed red right before she lunged at me, her fingers wrapping around my neck. "You overrated whore!"

Driving me into the table, her fingernails digging into my neck, she kicked my legs out from underneath me. My back slammed into the table, the air immediately rushing from my lungs.

The impact had loosened her hands, so I shoved myself down the table, but not before grabbing a handful of her hair and pulling it along with me.

Adriana screamed, sounding like a constipated lioness. Lunging across the table at me, she scratched my arm that had a hold of her hair. Holy Freddie Kruger nails. Those were going to leave a scar.

By now, as Adriana and I rolled, wrestled, and pretty much unleashed the cat fight of the century, a crowd was gathering around the table. Guys were hollering, throwing their fists in the air, chanting, "Cat fight. Cat fight. Cat. Fight!"

Adriana's slut-length dress had rolled its way up over her ass cheeks, and the thong she was wearing left nothing to the imagination. I'd at least come prepared to the battle with a pair of jeans, but somewhere along the way, she'd managed to split the poly-blend of my blouse down to my navel, so my white lace covered tits were on display for all the bulging eyes and raised cell phones to catch.

Another hair flying, palm slapping roll down the table and I landed on top of Adriana, managing to pin her to the table with my legs. She squirmed beneath me, trying to free herself. This chick might have half a foot on me and be ten pounds heavier - if only in her bra - but I was a dancer and I could strangle a rhinoceros with my inner thighs if I needed to.

Raising my hand in the air, I slapped it down across her cheek.

"That was for all the other girls you've brutalized!" I shouted above her, folding my hand into a fist and bringing it back down. "And that was for Jude." Her lower lip was split and bleeding, her cheeks dotted red from countless slaps and hits, and her hair looked like a hurricane had just come to town. I couldn't have looked much better.

"And this is for me," I said, gulping in a breath and raising my middle finger at her. I smiled down at her, keeping my finger hanging above her face.

Shrieking, she squirmed harder, managing to get a leg free which she promptly bucked right onto my chin.

I flew off the table, landing on the floor at the feet of countless spectators. Adriana leapt off the table, landing on top of me, unleashing a frenzy of hits and grunts. This couldn't even be classified as a cat fight anymore. In fact, I'm sure once this whole thing went viral on the internet, the WW-something would be calling us to sign wrestling contracts.

"What the hell!" a voice shouted above the chorus of shouts. Before Adriana could land another fist into my face, she was shoved away, landing on her butt-flossed ass a few feet away.

"Luce," he breathed outside my ear, sounding as scared as I'd ever heard him. "I've got you." Two strong arms looped around me, lifting me gently to his chest. "What the hell were you doing? Are you okay?" he asked, swallowing when he looked down at my face.

"Did I win?" I asked, letting him tuck me closer to him.

Glancing down at Adriana, his eyes narrowed.

"You kicked ass, baby," he said, one corner of his mouth lifting down at me.

The pain started hitting me then, spreading from my head.

"Then I'm all right," I replied.

Exhaling, Jude shook his head. "Let's get you out of here, killer," he said, steering me through the crowd, not caring who or how many people he bulled over.

"You look real pretty!" I shouted down at Adriana as we moved by her. "Slut!" I threw out for good measure.

Wiping her bleeding lip, she sneered up at me. "Even on my worse day, your boyfriend still jerks off to my face when you're not around."

This bitch wouldn't take a hint. Squirming in Jude's arms, trying to free myself so I could finish what I started, he only held me tighter.

"Ready for round two?" I seethed at her, shoving against Jude's chest.

"Lucy," he said, moving through the crowd faster, probably hoping to put more space between Adriana and myself. "Calm down. Take a breath," he coached, looking into my eyes. One of them felt like it might be swelling shut.

Taking a formidable amount of effort, I did as asked, taking a deep breath and visualizing myself melting into his arms.

"And I thought I was the one with anger issues," he said, climbing the stairs. "I'm afraid after tonight, you've got me beat, Luce."

The pain was really starting to hit home now, pooling into every nerve ending.

"Anger through osmosis," I replied, moving my jaw. Yeah, that was going to bruise too.

I regretted the words immediately. His face fell, although he tried to keep his eyes from following.

I couldn't imagine how to rectify all the wrongs I'd thrown at Jude - I just seemed to keep adding more to the pile - so I folded my hand over his heart and let him carry me into his bedroom.

He walked me over to his bed, propping me in front of a mound of pillows.

"God, Luce," he said, kneeling beside me and examining my face. I didn't really want to know and I sure as hell wouldn't be looking in a mirror for the next couple of weeks. "What the hell were you thinking?"

Running my fingers over my face, I winced at almost every place I touched. "I was thinking about giving that bitch a taste of her own medicine," I said, "my fist doing the dosing."

He exhaled, running his hand down the side of my neck.

"Don't worry," he said as I pulled my hands away to find blood spotting my fingers. "I'll fix you." Rising, he lunged across the room. "I'll be right back," he said, disappearing behind the door.

With Jude gone, the pain really started to eat away at me. I'd felt pain, and I wasn't a huge wuss, but this felt like every nerve had decided to grow a heart that was pounding.

It had felt so good at the time - giving and taking a beating with Adriana - but now I was starting to question why I'd done it. I wasn't regretting it, just questioning it. I'd never been a violent person - I had a short fuse, sure - but I'd never let my fists work out an issue I had with someone.

Why had I done it this time?

All the questions led to one answer: Jude.

He hadn't made me go after Adriana, but my love for him and the pain I'd been caused at Adriana's hand had been the fuel to my fire. I realized then it wasn't Jude that was the problem. He wasn't the reason our relationship was nothing short of explosive. It was me. It was the person I became with Jude beside me.

My anger peaked at new levels, exceeding his, but I didn't have the self-control to douse that anger before it burned someone.

I couldn't fix us until I fixed me. And he couldn't fix me for me. It was a task that was all my own.

It was one I wasn't sure I could face.

Jude was slipping back into the room before I could follow those thoughts down their depressing trail.

"Miss me?" he said, an armful of items tucked to his chest.

"Missed you," I answered, dropping my head back into the pillows.

"Lucky for you, Luce, you chose to pick a fight around me," he said, dropping the contents in his arms on the bed. "Someone who's patched up, attended to, and sewn shut just about any wound man - or woman" - he smirked over at me - "could inflict on one's body."

"I had it all planned out," I said as he doused some cotton pads with alcohol. "Did you really think that was a heat of the moment I-really-should-have-known-better smack down?"

"Oh, no, Luce. That looked like you knew exactly what you were doing."

Dabbing my cheek with the cotton, he flinched before I did. It stung, but no worse than any other part of my body.

"You're getting to be a worse liar with each passing day," I said, wincing when he ran the pad over my eyebrow. Must have earned myself a nice little gash there.

He grinned at my eyebrow. "Truth through osmosis."

I started to smirk at him, but it hurt my face too much, so I settled for a small glare. He ignored it, continuing to work over my face meticulously.

I shouldn't have, but I watched him working over me, his eyes narrowed in their focus, the tip of his tongue bit between his teeth, as he attended to every scratch, bruise, and cut. I'd never experienced hands as gentle as his were.

"Do I look like a mummy yet?" I asked a while later, when he leaned back and investigated my face after slipping another bandage into place.

"Nah," he said, capping the tube of first aid ointment. "You look like the most beautiful badass I've ever seen."

"High praise coming from the king of badass," I said, smiling through the pain it caused to move my mouth.

Collecting up the empty wrappers and blood stained cotton pads, he dumped them into the garbage can. "Mind telling me what that was all about?"

"I told you," I said. "Giving Adriana Vix a piece of Adriana Vix."

"Yeah," he said, dragging out the word. "But you've wanted to stick it to Adriana since the night dumbass Tony mentioned her. Why did you choose to do it tonight?" Shaking a bottle of pain relievers into his palm, he handed me three. I swallowed them down without any fluid.

"Because 'dumbass Tony' paid me a little visit earlier today that triggered the need-to-throw-down-Adriana trap."

Jude studied my hands folded on my lap. "He told you what Payton told him?"

"Yeah."

"So was it me or Tony who convinced you I was telling the truth?" The wrinkles around his eyes deepened.

"You, Jude," I answered. "I promised you I'd trust you. I didn't want to believe it, but I trusted you. Tony was just the one that shined a light on the truth."

His jaw tightened. "So when you got in your car and drove here, were you coming to see Adriana? Or me?"

I couldn't lie to him, but I couldn't verbalize the truth. My lack of response answered his question.

His eyes closed as his head fell into his hands.

"Jude," I began, "no matter whom I came here to see, I didn't come here to hurt you." Sliding down the bed, I wished the pain relievers would kick in faster. "The last thing I want to do is hurt you. And that's all I seem to be capable of lately."

The only solution to keep from hurting him anymore was to leave.

"Thanks for the patching up," I said, scooting off the end of the bed. "You really do know what you're doing when it comes to fight wounds. Lucky me." I flashed him a smile over my shoulder as I stood up. I staggered in place as every muscle screamed at me for the prostrated position. Gritting my teeth, I headed towards the door.

"Do you really hate being around me so much now that you'd high tail it away from me when you can barely stand?"

His words stopped me, but it was his voice that broke me. That deep, warm voice a girl could lose herself in had just been drained of all its soul.

"I don't hate you, Jude," I said, staring at the door. "I love you. That's the problem. I love you so damn much it's unhealthy." I caught a sob that was about to burst from my chest. "That's why I needed time and space. That's why I can't stay here with you a minute longer."

"You've had time, Luce. I've given you your space," he said, the bed moaning as he stood. "I've aged fifty years in three weeks' time because I did my part and stayed away from you. But now you're here. And maybe you're not here because of me, but either way, you couldn't stay away."

He paused, and while I didn't see what was playing out on his face because I couldn't turn around and face him, I could imagine.

"You need more time? Fine. I can do that. I could do anything for you, Luce. But, please, for god's sake, just give me some hope."

A tear skied down my cheek, bleeding into one of my bandages.

"Give me the smallest sliver of hope there's still going to be a place for you and me on the other side of this."

I couldn't lie to him. I couldn't hurt him. Why these two desires couldn't fit hand-in-hand was one of the reasons I'd concluded life wasn't fair.

"I won't lie to you, Jude," I whispered, choosing not to lie to him which, by admission, made me hurt him.

Now I really couldn't stay in this room any longer. Rushing towards the door, my legs feeling like they were going to cave under me with each step, I bit back the tears.

"Don't go," he whispered.

His request worked on me like it'd been a demand.

I heard the floor groan as he walked over it, slowly coming up behind me.

"Stay," he asked, stopping behind me. I could feel the warmth rolling from his chest he was so close.

"I can't," I said, focusing on the shiny brass of the doorknob. It was both the gateway to my escape as well the path to my personal hell.

"I know," he said, the floorboards whining as he took one more step towards me. His chest ran against my back, but he didn't touch me anywhere else. "Don't stay because you want to. Stay because I want you to."

Damn it. My heart couldn't break one more time before it became impossible to fit back together.

"Come on," he pleaded, his heart bursting into my back, "think of it as an early Christmas present."

I closed my eyes.

"I know I'm not entitled to one, but I want one. I need one." Jude had just enough pride not to beg, but it was the closest I'd heard him to it. "Stay."

And that was my undoing. The boy who made mothers cross the streets with their children when they saw him walking down the sidewalk; the boy who didn't have any one else; the boy I loved, begging me as he only knew how to stay with him.

"Okay," I said, reaching my hand behind for his.

His fingers laced through mine, kneading them like they were capable of giving him strength. Turning me around, he lifted his hand to my face and didn't do anything but look into my eyes.

Letting out the breath he'd been holding captive, he folded me into his arms and Jude Ryder hugged me. He hugged me like I was everything he wanted and everything he could never have. He hugged me without the expectation of one embrace leading to something else.

It was the most intimate moment we'd shared. Fully clothed, vertically aligned, mouths separated, and I was drowning in intimacy.

As his arms started to unwind from me, I grabbed one of his hands and led him to the bed. Laying down, I patted the space next to me. He crawled into it, the mattress rolling me around as he settled beside me. Winding my arms around him, I tucked my chin over his head, knowing in the morning, I'd have to let him go. But not now. Not tonight.

It made me wish that tomorrow would never come.

"I love you, Luce," he whispered, sounding like sleep was going to find him in the next breath.

I swallowed, pushing down the pain rising in my throat. "I love you, Jude."

I hadn't slept this well in weeks. Three weeks to be exact. Of course I knew what, or who, was responsible for the solid eight hours of sleep. Jude was still asleep in the exact same position as he had fallen asleep in last night, except the lines had smoothed out of his face.

I almost kissed those parted lips before I caught myself.

Sliding my arm from beneath him, I rolled to the side of the bed. My body was stiff, like I needed to lubricate my joints to get them to move properly. Glancing over at Jude to make sure he hadn't startled awake, I slipped my boots on and stood up.

This feat hurt worse than it had last night, making me hope I still had that trial sized bottle of pain relievers in the glove box. Giving myself to the count of three, I let myself look down at him. This was how I would choose to remember him when my heart ached with every beat after I left him. At peace, content as I slipped out of his life.

Turning away, I moved across the room as quietly as a stiff jointed person could. The door whined open and my adrenaline spiked as I looked back at Jude, sure he'd be bursting awake.

But he was asleep, enjoying a few more minutes or hours of peace before he woke up and found I'd slipped out on him without a goodbye, but maybe that's what last night had been. A goodbye.

Our goodbye.

Once I was down the hall, the stairs presented a challenge as each one made me feel like the muscles in my legs were going to burst through the skin. A few party stragglers were decorating the couches and carpet, but once I made it past them, I was home free.

The Mazda hadn't been towed, beyond every miracle of traffic cops everywhere, so sliding inside the driver's seat, I turned the key over and hit the gas the next instant. Now that I'd succumbed to the inevitable, I couldn't get out of here fast enough.

It was a couple miles down the road, when I hit the first red stop light, that a folded piece of paper resting on my dash caught my attention. I kept my car clean, almost anally clean, so I knew it couldn't have been some random outline or class notes. Grabbing it, I unfolded it, immediately recognizing the handwriting.

I just wanted you to know I'd be chasing after you right now, nak*d if need required it. But because I'm respecting your need for time and space, I'll force myself to lie here in bed and pretend I'm asleep.

It wasn't signed, but it didn't need one. Knowing Jude had some time in the night woken up, knowing I'd leave him without a formal goodbye, to scribble down a note and tuck it inside my car, made me curse the day I'd let doubt enter my life. The moment, somewhere along the way, I'd let doubt wedge its way between me and Jude until it had built a wall so high there was no way I could see to scale it.

I clutched the note in my hand the entire drive home.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

School was officially out for winter break. India had left yesterday for a sunny and sandy Christmas in Barbados, along with the rest of the dorm residents, and since my flight wasn't until Sunday morning, I was going to have a quiet weekend all to myself. The prospect wasn't appealing on any level of the pleasure scale.

Other than the note, I hadn't had any contact with Jude since fleeing in my car last Saturday morning. And even though I'd cried in my bed every night since, feeling his phantom arms around me, it had been worth eight hours Saturday night. The pleasure then was worth the pain now.

Sitting in the swivel chair, watching the coffee pot percolate, I knew I couldn't hang out in this empty room for another twenty-four hours like this. Rushing to my closet before I could change my mind, I slid into a pair of leggings, my boots, and debated what top to wear. The debate was over when my hand clutched the ginormous orange sweatshirt folded on the top shelf. I pulled it on and, after rearranging my hair and dabbing on a few smears of makeup, I was out of the door, my keys and purse in hand.

I headed north out of the parking lot, checking the fuel indicator to make sure I had a full tank. It was going to be a long drive.

Today was a big playoff game for Syracuse. A day before Christmas Eve game that was expected to be the game of the season. I couldn't miss it. I'd missed Jude's last couple home games and I couldn't miss another.

We might have been taking a break, but I could still fade into the crowd of tens of thousands and enjoy him playing the game that seemed created for him. It was a selfish thing what I was doing, but given I was alone a day before Christmas, selfish seemed more acceptable today.

I passed the drive time listening to a few of my favorite CDs, trying not to think about Jude, failing, and then giving myself an early Christmas present and writing myself a hall pass to think about Jude as much as I wanted to today.

It was less than a half hour to kick off, which meant I had to park a mile away and trek in. I loved a football game - I always had. Even as a toddler plucking grass on the sidelines at John's games, I'd loved it.

I loved the roar of the fans, I loved the clash of helmet hitting helmet, I loved the energy in the air, I loved the hot dogs. I loved it all.

But most of all, I loved watching Jude play. He played with the heart of a player who truly loved the game. He would have played every day even if it wasn't in exchange for a college scholarship or, one day soon, in exchange for millions of dollars a year.

Jude played because he loved it.

And I loved watching him play.

Making my way up to the ticket window, I immediately wished I would have picked another.

"If you don't just get prettier every time I see you, young lady," the elderly man behind the desk said with a smile. His name was Lou, and he reminded me of my grandpa. "I haven't seen you the past couple games. Mr. Jude hasn't been messing things up with you, has he now?"

I smiled back politely. "No, Mr. Jude hasn't been doing anything to mess things up," I said, folding my arms over the counter.

"That's good to hear, Miss Lucy. I wouldn't want to have teach him a lesson on how a man's supposed to treat a woman."

"I don't think any of us would want that." I smiled and waited for Lou to wrap it up. The old man loved bantering back and forth with me and I was usually happy to play along, but this time was different. I doubted that if he knew how I'd hurt Jude, he'd be teasing me good-naturedly now.

Skimming through the stack of tickets, he pulled out two. Jude always left one for me and an extra in case I wanted to bring a friend. "I was wondering if these tickets would go unclaimed again today," he said, sliding them through the window. "If I wasn't certain Mr. Jude would have marched off the field to physically remove me, I might have slipped into one of these seats."

"Why don't you take them today, Lou?" I said, pushing them back towards him. "I just want a general admission ticket today."

"Why would you want a general admission when you've got front row seats on the fifty, honey?" The frown lines deepened on his face.

"Please, Lou?" I asked, biting my lip. I didn't want to explain to him what I couldn't quite explain to myself. "Just one general admission ticket?"

He sighed, tapping his fingers over the counter. "Okay," he said, "but only because I can't say no to a pretty face."

Stacking a GA ticket on the other two Jude set aside for me every game, he slid them back through the window at me. "It's on the house, but you have to take these two with you. Mr. Jude would have my job if he found out you were here and I didn't at least give them to you."

"Thanks, Lou," I said, taking the tickets. "Maybe one of these games you and I can use these together."

Lou's brown eyes softened. "That would be a real honor, Miss Lucy."

Tapping the tickets on the counter, I turned to head inside the gates. "Thanks again."

He nodded his acknowledgement, looking at a loss for words.

Weaving through the tunnel, the roar of the crowd amplified. Syracuse was taking the field. I hurried, not wanting to miss it. This was one of my favorite moments of the game. When Jude came sprinting onto the field, leading an army of men, all of them looking like they were as invincible as they believed they were, I got goose bumps every time.

Jude was only at the twenty when I made it within view of the field. Right then, watching him charge the field with his teammates, I knew I'd made the right decision in coming. The weight I'd had strapped to my back broke loose the moment my eyes found him. I could fill my lungs again, I could form a smile that didn't feel forced, I could feel my heart beat like it wasn't a chore any more.

I stared at him until the team had settled into pre game warm-up before making my way to my seat. Squeezing by a very pregnant girl inspecting her tickets with what I assumed was her husband dressed in an Army uniform, I glanced back at them again. Gazing up into the stands, their eyes fell into the back as she took the first step up.

I stopped, watching her take a second step. If being pregnant meant stair climbing at one per five seconds, I wasn't sure I'd enjoy it very much.

"Wanna trade?" I asked suddenly. I couldn't watch her suck in another breath as she attempted another step. "They're pretty good seats."

The husband looked at me, confused, then studied the tickets I was holding out for them. His eyes widened.

"Don't get me wrong, miss, because I'd sell my first born for tickets like these," - he shot his wife a sly smile as she smacked his arm - "but see that row, way in the back, right where a few spectators' noses are bleeding? Those are our seats."

I liked these two already. "How's the view from up there?"

"It sucks," he answered, helping his wife down the two stairs she'd just scaled.

Shoving the tickets into his hand, I smiled. "Well, the view from these seats doesn't," I said, backing away.

Kick off wasn't going to wait for me to get my butt into my seat. "Just do me a favor and make sure to give number seventeen a hard time." Turning around, I kept walking, smiling the whole way to my seat.

Lou had scored me a solid general admission ticket. Especially since I'd arrived late and didn't have a reserved ticket. There were two empty seats at the end of the row; mine was the one second in. Smiling over at the family in the row in front of me, the littlest boy turned in his seat to stare at me. He had an orange number seventeen jersey on.

"I like your shirt," I said. "I've got one just like it."

His appraising eyes widened. It was good to know I could impress a five year old boy. "Do you want to be just like Jude when you grow up too?"

This boy with a smattering of freckles and a cowlick was going to make me cry. For the damn hundred and one too many times this past month.

"I sure do," I said as he swung around in his seat.

"Me, too," he said as his mom threw me an apologetic look. I waved it off. "I shouldn't be telling you this since you're a stranger and a girl, but Jude's a superhero in disguise," he whispered, looking from side to side.

"He is?" I said, glancing down at him on the field, warming his arm up. Tossing the ball, he glanced over to the stands, studying the front row. "Doesn't the orange and white spandex kind of give his superhero status away?"

The boy's face scrunched up, puzzling over that one. Two seconds later it cleared. "No," he said with confidence. "Anyone can go out and buy some orange and white spandex. But no one else can be like Jude Ryder."

Pulling a pack of Red Vines from my bag, I offered him one. It was the least I could do for Jude's number two fan.

"Since I'm a girl and all, and am not on the up and up with the superhero circle," I said, grabbing my own piece of licorice, "what puts him in cahoots with the likes of Superman and the Wolverine?"

"Danny, are you bothering this lady?" his mom called across the row of what I guessed were his older siblings.

He shrugged. "I don't know," he said, looking at me. "Am I bothering you?"

"He's fine," I called down to his mom. "He's keeping me company."

"Okay," she said, giving Danny the mom look. "Manners, okay?"

"K, mom," he answered, propping up on his knees and sticking his chin on the back of the seat. "Your dad and mom haven't explained it to you yet?" he asked, his freckled nose wrinkling.

"Explained what to me?"

"Superheroes aren't real," he said, looking a little sad for me. "They're make believe."

"But I thought you just said Jude was one," I said, chewing the end of my licorice.

The boy rolled his eyes and sighed. "Comic book superheroes aren't real. Jude's a real life superhero."

"Oooooh," I said, nodding my head. "I get it now."

Danny's head spun around as the teams lined up on the field for kickoff.

"So what qualifies Jude as a superhero?" I said, leaning forward and watching the field with him. The visiting team kicked off as Syracuse charged down the field.

Danny glanced back at me, looking like this question was my most insulting one yet. "He's strong, he's fast," he began, counting items off on his fingers. "He can throw a football, like, ten miles. He's going to marry the most beautiful girl in the world and they're going to make little superhero babies." He paused; I wasn't sure if it was because he was done with his list or catching his breath.

"Anything else?"

"And one day, he's going to be President of the United States of America," he said, twisting in his seat as Jude led his offensive line into position at the sixty.

"So all those things make him a superhero, huh?" I said, continuing to make conversation. Partly because the kid could keep pace with me on a couple of my favorite topics: football and Jude. And secondly, because it felt good to talk. To someone. Even if that someone was a pint-sized, freckle faced, superhero worshipper.

"Well, yeah, that and..." He stared down at the field as Jude pulled one of his notorious quarterback fakes and ran that ball into the end zone before the other team had figured out what the hell was going on. "That," Danny said, jumping in his seat and waving his hands towards where Jude had scored six points in the first minute of the game.

Once the cheering died down to a dull roar, Danny spun back around in his seat, grinning from ear to ear. "Now do you believe me?"

It would have been impossible to argue. "I believe you."

And that's how the first half of the game continued. Danny and I would banter back and forth in between hollering our heads off when home team got another ball into the end zone. I couldn't have imagined a better Christmas present for myself.

Like every game Jude had played, he played this one like his life was hanging in the balance. He was good because he had the talent. He was the best because he believed he was and played accordingly.

And every one of us in the stands recognized that we were witnessing a legend in the making. Jude's name wouldn't fizzle into college football record books; it would be eternalized by the young boys like Danny who would tell stories of Jude around the dinner table to their sons.

I knew I might be sensitive to it, but it seemed like Jude couldn't stop looking up into that front row whenever he was on the sidelines. I was probably just imagining it, hoping he was looking for me and wondering who the people were in my seats, but this was my Christmas present and I had carte blanche to jump to whatever conclusion I wanted.

At the half, we were ahead by two touchdowns - an unreal feat given how the analysts had called this to be one of the closest games in college football history - as Jude led the team off the field.

Danny had stayed mostly quiet once the game had kicked off, other than throwing up football, or more specifically Jude, praises. I was about to hop up and grab myself some concessions when Danny twisted in his seat, his eyes falling way up, rows above us.

His eyes couldn't have widened any further. Then a bunch of other spectators started twisting in their seats, nudging their neighbors and waving their hands or heads up the stands.

"Holy - "

"Danny!" his mom warned, shooting him a look. "Language."

Turning in my seat, I glanced over my shoulder and I almost immediately felt faint. I wouldn't have believed Jude coming down the stairs was real if everyone around me wasn't watching him like I was - in awe.

"Hey, Luce," he said, stopping at the end of the row.

"Hi," I replied, giving him a sheepish smile. I hadn't expected him to know I was here - I hadn't intended him to ever find out.

"Enjoying the game from here?" he asked, dropping his helmet and sliding into the empty seat beside me.

"I am," I answered, not moving my arm settled on the rest when his pressed against mine. "You're playing a great game. So much for every one saying this might be the first game you've ever lost."

I could feel Danny's eyes on us, not missing a single thing. He really did believe Jude was a superhero, and he acted accordingly.

"Well, once I knew you were here, I might have kicked it into another gear," he said, smiling his tilted one at me.

"Lou told you, didn't he?" I guessed.

"Lou didn't need to tell me, Luce," he said, looking between me and the field. "I don't need someone to tell me when my girl's in the stands. I could pick you out even if I was playing in the Superdome and you were tucked into the back row."

Of course he could. Couldn't I have done the same with him?

I was a fool to think I could pop into this game and pop out before he knew I was here. He knew I was here before I'd even known I was coming. That was the curse and the blessing of Jude's and my relationship, among the many others.

"Aren't you supposed to be in the locker room, getting a pep talk from your coach? Maybe a second half action plan?" I knew Jude did what he wanted to, but I felt the need to remind him since I couldn't have been squirming in my seat more from everyone around us watching us with unblinking interest, taking sips of soda and tossing popcorn into their mouths.

"The plan is always the same," he answered, his eyes roaming over my face, likely inspecting the battle wounds a week later. The redness had gone down, but the bruises were still pretty gnarly. "Kick. Ass."

"I think you've got that down," I said, knowing a few members of the visiting team could personally relate to that.

"What are you doing here, Luce?" he asked, studying me.

"Watching you play," I answered, knowing it wasn't one he'd accept.

"Yeah," he said, making a face. "That's not going to work for me."

Of course it wasn't.

"You know why," I added with a whisper.

"I need to hear you say it," he said, swallowing. "I've gone too many days without hearing it."

Sighing, I closed my eyes. "I love you," I said, knowing it was the truth and that it didn't change anything. "And I missed you."

"Yeah," he said, "me too."

Just then, the crowd, not just the ones around us, took a collective gasp before unleashing a cheer that exploded through the stands.

"It's you guys!" Danny hollered, pointing at the huge screen across from us.

"Shit," Jude and I said in unison.

I was going to have the camera man's head because, on that screen - as well as the other three around the stadium - was a close up of Jude and me in real time, the red, bubbly "Kiss Me" captions surrounded by floating hearts.

The stadium started chanting, "Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!" while my face went almost as red as those damn hearts floating around our faces on the screen. Jude wasn't red though; he didn't even look uncomfortable. He was somewhere between a smile and a smirk.

If I hadn't known better, I would have believed he'd set the whole thing up.

Looking over at him, I found him staring at me.

His smirk evolved into a full blown cocky, hot as hell smile.

"Get over here," he said, weaving his fingers through my hair.

I didn't have to do much "getting over here" because he closed the entire space between us until his lips rested into mine. The crowd went wild - full moon wild - as their hero didn't just kiss me. He consumed me.

His other hand lifted to my neck, his fingers curling into my skin, his lips urging mine, pressing them to respond.

I wasn't sure if it was feeling the eyes of thousands of fans upon us, or the length of time that had passed since Jude and I had last kissed like this, or if the feelings that were washing over me - drowning me in their intensity - that was terrifying me. Because those feelings ascertained that Jude was meant to be my one and only, had reality not gotten in the way and screwed that all up.

Finally, he gave up. His lips stopped trying to work mine into submission. His fingers drooped against me, feeling suddenly cold.

The crowd was still buzzing, clueless to the two hearts breaking following that kiss.

"I've really lost you," he whispered, his words even cool against my skin. "You're gone for good this time, aren't you, Luce?"

I stared into those silver-gray eyes, not able to imagine anything I could do that was worse than hurting them.

"You can never lose me, Jude," I said, forgetting about the crowd. Forgetting about everything except every reason we should be together and every reason we couldn't.

"But I can't have you the way I want you," he said, running his thumb down my cheek.

"I don't know."

"Then what are you doing here, Luce?" he asked, his voice elevating. "You want time? You want space? Fine. I gave that to you. But then you keep throwing yourself back into my life whenever the hell you choose. No warning. No apology. No permanence. You show up at my front door and sneak out the back without so much as a goodbye," he continued, never taking his eyes off of me. "You couldn't take the up and down. The roller coaster was going to kill you. You know what I can't take? You in and back out of my life before I even knew you were there in the first place. You looking at me the way you are now and then able to turn your back and walk away five minutes later." His hand clenched over my cheek before he lowered it. "That is what will kill me. I can't live wondering if you're still mine to claim."

It was like he knew the exact words that could choke me up at the same time they'd fire me up. "I'm sorry," I said. "I just wanted to see you play one more time before I left for winter break. I never even thought you'd know I was here."

He snorted, curling his lip in disbelief.

That physical response tilted the choked up/fired up emotions to the fiery pendulum. "Fine. Me popping in and out of your life will kill you? Consider me officially done with popping."

"Will you knock that defensive, insecure girl shit out and have an adult conversation?" he said, the muscles in his neck moving under the skin - a sure sign he was firing up too.

"Happily," I responded, gritting my teeth. "As soon as you do that can't-handle-the-pressure thing you boys do and get up and leave."

He paused, his face falling for one second before it fired back up. "You want me to leave?"

"I can't imagine anything that would make me merrier this holiday season."

"Fine," he said, shooting up. "I'll leave. But since you can't seem to stay away from me for more than a few hours, I'll see you soon, I'm sure."

"If by soon you mean never, then that sounds good to me," I replied, wanting to hop in my seat so I could get in his face. "Where do I sign?"

"You know, Luce?" he said, turning to head back up the stairs. "You have a shitty way of showing your love for someone."

I flinched. That one hurt more than I could remember his words hurting me. Biting my lip, I glared at him.

"Right back at ya." And that was a bold faced lie. Jude, perhaps more than any one I'd ever known, was able to express his love as love was meant to be expressed.

Shaking his head at me, his face bled of all emotion before he turned his back and jogged up the stairs. Clueless fans held out their hands as he ran by, but it was like he didn't see anything around him.

"Whoa," a stunned voice said, whistling a row below me. "You're the girl Jude Ryder's going to marry and make baby superheroes with?"

If Danny hadn't heard Jude's and my heated exchange, maybe that meant everyone within a ten seat radius of me who were staring like I was a pariah didn't either.

"I think I just decrowned myself of that title," I answered, feeling numb. Or, at least, more numb.

"You are like the real life Lois Lane," he continued, bouncing in his seat. "Only blonder. And younger. And prettier too."

I couldn't even make a half-hearted smile feel real.

He gaped at me like I was almost as cool as comic books. "Holy - "

"Danny!" his mom shouted, giving me a sympathetic smile.

So much for no one hearing.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Danny was watching me. Not saying anything, but something was eating this kid from the inside out.

"What is it, Danny?" I asked, biting on my nails. I'd never, up until this moment, been a nail biter.

"Why were you and Jude fighting?" he asked, looking relieved he'd gotten that off his back.

"Because that's what we do and we're good at it," I answered.

"But you love him?"

I glanced over at his mom, wishing she'd choose this time to usher the kiddos out for a bathroom break or something. "Yeah."

More relief flooding into his face. "So you're still going to get married? "

"I don't know," I said, working my teeth over the next nail. Manicures were so last season. "I don't think so."

"Why not?"

"Because," I said, getting why parents were such a fan of this one word answer go-to. "Because sometimes love just isn't enough."

His freckled nose curled. "Well, duh," he said, flapping his hands over the back of the seat. "I just turned six and even I know that."

A six year old had more life wisdom, it appeared, than I did. The concept was more depressing than it should be.

"You know that, huh, smartie-pants?" I said.

"I know a lot."

"And as a kindergartener who's probably dated a total of zero girls," I said, arching a brow at him, "what exactly do you know about love?"

He did that little unamused face my mom had become a master of back in the day. "Mom told me that love is like a seed. You've got to plant it to grow. But that's not all. You need to water it. The sun needs to shine just enough, but not too much. The roots have to take hold," he continued, narrowing his eyes in concentration. "And from there, if it pops its head above the surface, there are about a million things that could kill it, so it takes a whole lot of luck too."

I felt my mouth ready to drop open. I was about to mutter a curse when I caught myself. This kid was wise beyond his years.

"You can't plant a seed and hope it will grow on its own. It takes a lotta work to make anything grow." He smiled up at me, clearly pleased with himself.

"Wow," I replied, stunned. "That's some seriously smart stuff, Danny."

"I know," he said. "Do you have any questions?"

I was smirking at a six year old. Not one of my better moments. "I think I'm good, but I'll let you know."

He turned around in his seat and I was halfway through a sigh of relief when he looked over his shoulder.

"You shouldn't have gotten into a fight with Jude," he said, his eyebrows drawn together. "You could really mess with his game. He might come back to the second half and be a mess. You might be solely responsible for losing the game if we do."

"Jude will be fine," I said, looking down on the quiet field. "He's used to us fighting. It's never stopped him before."

His mouth made a duck face as he considered this. "That's sad," he responded, with the entire world of replies at his disposal. That's the one he chose.

"It is sad," I repeated as the stands started to explode with rising bodies and voices.

As Syracuse took the field after the half, Jude wasn't leading them. I almost panicked, sure our fight had unraveled him and he took off, to never be heard from again, but then I caught a glimpse of number seventeen in the middle of the pack.

It wasn't only me that noticed this either. Narrowed eyes of confusion turned my way, narrowing a hair tighter in accusation. They might as just well brand the word pariah over my forehead because it couldn't have been any more uncomfortable than I felt now.

Kickoff was just getting under way when someone stopped at the end of my row, turned, and was so obviously staring at me I couldn't even pretend I hadn't noticed.

"Yes?" I said in irritation, glancing up at the frat boy grinning down at me. His frat, delta-delta-douche something, was scrolled onto his baseball cap. I couldn't help rolling my eyes.

"This seat taken?" he asked, eyeing the empty seat Jude had occupied earlier. He'd sat in it for all of five minutes, but I was protective of it.

"Yeah," I said, dropping my purse onto it, "it is."

The crowd roared, cheering at whatever stellar play our kicking team had just pulled. Not only was he irritating me, smiling at me in a way that was just way too cheesy, asking to occupy Jude's seat, he'd just made me miss the kick off.

Strike Four. You're way the hell out.

"You better find another girl to sit next to." Danny turned in his seat, giving the stink eye to this guy that was three times as big as him. "This one is Jude Ryder's future wife."

"Hold up," the guy said, chuckling at Danny. "You're the QB's girl?"

Jude was just taking the field with his line when I saw him look my way. He was so far off it shouldn't have been possible, but I swore his eyes flashed black when he saw the guy lurking above me.

"Why don't you 'hold up' yourself and go back to the rest of your clan of future middle managers?" I said, scramming him away with my hand.

Snapping his fingers, the guy pulled out his phone and began thumbing through pages. I wasn't sure exactly what he was looking for, but I had a pretty good idea.

Watching Jude as he lined up, his head tilted back my way again. Damn it - he needed to focus on the game and not me. I could handle myself.

Frat boy's smile went Joker wide. "You are Ryder's girl," he said, flashing his phone at me. On the screen was a still of me straddling a crazed faced Adriana, my arm high and my hair a tornado of white-blond whispys.

"I don't care if this seat is taken," he said, grabbing my purse and throwing it into my lap. "I need to get a picture with the girl who was on the winning side of the most talked about cat fight in all college history." Wrapping his arm around me, he hung his phone out in front of us, about to take a picture.

When were asshats like this going to figure out they couldn't do whatever they wanted with a woman? We weren't beasts they could control. We were women who could rule the world with our eyes closed, but were smart enough to know to stay out of that whole mess. We were women - hear us roar.

And I did just that as I snatched his phone out of his hand, shot up in my seat, and hurled it onto the field.

Jude had just called the hike as my own projectile spiraled onto the sidelines. Taking another look back when his eyes should have been nowhere but on the field, I saw him freeze when he saw what was taking place between me and super frat.

Time stood still then as Jude watched me and I watched him. Both of our faces lined with worry for the other. However, Jude's worry was misplaced. Frat boy had selected a perfectly uncreative curse word to holler at me before marching away - back to his middle management hopefuls. But me, I had the right to an absolute gut dropping worry because, breaking through Jude's defensive line, one of the visiting team's lineman barreled right for the frozen in place quarterback.

I was already screaming his name when the line man drilled into Jude. Even after the initial impact, Jude's eyes didn't leave mine, but when his body crashed to the ground, bouncing and skidding a good ten yards, his eyes were long past the point of recognition as they fluttered closed.

"JUDE!" The scream was primal, coming out of some part of me I didn't know existed. Popping out of my seat, I was running down the stairs before I knew I was running. My eyes were locked on him, decorating the astroturf in ways that a body shouldn't contort.

I wasn't thinking anything right then - I was all instinct. I didn't doubt that if anyone stood in my path, I would have done anything to get by them. But no one did, and when I reached the concrete barrier separating the field from the stands, I swung my legs over it.

Twisting so my stomach curled the wall, I dropped down to the field. The breath popped out of my lungs from the impact. I'd underestimated the drop, but it didn't slow me down.

Everyone was so focused on Jude and the trainers sprinting out there towards him, no one paid the crazed girl running across the field any attention. Pushing and shoving by the players forming a circle around him, I skidded to my knees beside him.

"Jude?" I said, trying to catch my breath.

The trio of trainers glanced up at me, eyes wide before narrowing. "You need to get the hell out of here, ma'am," one of them said as another removed Jude's helmet.

I sobbed one terrible note when I grabbed his hand and, for the first time ever, it fell limp into mine.

"I'm not leaving," I replied, biting the side of my cheek.

"If you don't leave of your own accord, we'll have to have someone escort you," the third said, holding a light above Jude's eyes as he pried them open.

Another sob escaped before I caught it. Those gray eyes of his were flat, dead.

"I'm not leaving," I said, folding Jude's hand into both of mine, trying to infuse some warmth and life into it. "And I pity the person who tries to take me away from him." My eyes flashed into each of the trainers'.

"Fine," the one putting a brace around Jude's neck replied. "But you get in our way and I'll happily use the tranquilizer I keep in my case for emergency cases on you. You understand?"

"Okay," I said, wanting to run my hands over every part of Jude until they uncovered what was the matter with him. Until they identified what needed to be fixed. It was a powerless feeling, not knowing what needed to be taken care of. How to go about fixing the worst kind of situation.

One of the trainer's plucked his phone from his pocket. "We've got to call this one in, guys," he said. The others nodded their agreement.

Biting the other side of my cheek, I stared at the spot on Jude's neck where the faintest movement could be detected. I started holding my breath, waiting in torture for his pulse to lift that patch of skin again.

As long as he had a pulse, he was alive.

A couple more trainers ran onto the field, carrying a stretcher. The players moved away, hanging their heads as they wandered back to the sidelines. Nestling the stretcher beside Jude, the five trainers positioned themselves around him, sliding their hands into place.

I didn't let go of his hand as they hoisted him onto the stretcher and I didn't let go of his hand as they made their way off the field.

I wasn't sure if the stadium had gone silent, or I was just incapable of hearing anything in my shock, but I didn't hear a sound as we moved Jude off the field.

Only when we were through one of the team tunnels did I hear the blare of an ambulance siren. The paramedics were just swinging the back doors open when we emerged outside. One of the trainers told them what had happened and what injuries they thought he may have sustained. When the words concussion, coma, and paralyzed were voiced, I had to tune it out. I had to pretend reality wasn't so real right now.

Transferring him into the ambulance, I followed behind the paramedic, taking a seat before I could be kicked out.

"Who are you?" he hollered over at me as the trainers stepped away as the doors slammed shut.

"I'm the only family he's got," I whispered, trying not to let the crowd watching us drive away, like we were a hearse on its way to a funeral, cripple me.

Rushing through an emergency room, while a person I loved was shuttled to the front of the line due to his injuries, was an episode I never wanted to replay in my life. Hurrying him into a room, I was ordered to stay outside in the waiting room.

Two security guards had to be called when I told a certain sour faced nurse to go, eh-hmm, herself. They took one look at me, crazed and worried out of my mind, and let me off with a warning.

Pacing the waiting room, I had to fight the urge at least a hundred times to shove past the security guard who'd clearly been instructed to keep an eye on me. My phone rang every minute as all of Jude's acquaintances and friends wanted to know how he was doing.

I turned it off after ten minutes. What could I tell them? He'd been sequestered to an emergency room while more doctors rushed into his room than onto a golf course on a sunny Saturday morning? To give any of them an answer to how Jude was doing, I'd either have to lie or admit things that I was sure I couldn't admit.

So I paced. I chewed my nails down to nothing. I ached in every place I didn't realize could ache. But I wouldn't let myself think, or contemplate, or consider any one of the many things that would break me if I let them in right now. I was barely hanging on as it was, behaving like nothing better than a caged animal; if I let in any one of the emotions piling up , no vial of tranquilizer could subdue me.

It could have been fifteen minutes, it could have been fifteen hours, but when the serious faced doctor ambled into the waiting room, his eyes shifting my way, it took a lifetime for him to cross the room towards me.

"I understand you're somehow related to Mr. Ryder," he said, crossing his arms. He wasn't covered in blood, so I assured myself that was a good sign.

"Yes," I said, my voice hoarse. I was related to him in every way a person could be without the bond of blood relation.

"He's sustained a concussion from the impact," he began as my insides twisted. "I've put him into a medically induced coma to give his brain and body a chance to heal, but we won't know the full extent of the damage until he wakes."

I swallowed the bile rising in my throat. "He's all right?" My voice was barely a whisper.

"He's alive," the doctor corrected. "We won't know if he's all right until he wakes. Until then, he needs to take it easy and rest."

A nurse stuck her head around the corner. "Doctor," she interrupted, "we've got a bullet wound to the stomach coming in."

Giving her a nod over his shoulder, he started backing away. "We've moved him up to the fifth floor. You can go see him now if you like."

"Thank you," I said as he rushed off because what else could you offer the person who had helped the one you loved?

Following the signs that led to the elevator, I punched the fifth floor button, followed by a trio of punches over the "door close" button. My legs were bouncing, my breath was catching, my fingers were tapping over the elevator handrail. My anxiety was manifesting in a hyper active way so, the instant the doors whooshed open, I flew out, rushing towards the nurses's station.

"Excuse me?" I asked, my voice sounding as hyper as the rest of my body felt. "Could you tell me which room Jude Ryder was taken to?" I didn't wait for the middle-aged, smile wrinkled woman to look up from her chart before asking.

When she did, the smile that had earned her those wrinkles worked into position. Maybe the reason she was a fifth floor nurse was because she was five times warmer than the sour faced nurses in the E.R.

"He was just taken into 512," she said, pointing down the hall on the right. "You can go see him right now. Just make sure he gets lots of quiet and rest, okay, hun?"

"Okay. I will," I said, wrapping my arms around my stomach. "The doctor said they put him into a coma so his brain could heal. Any idea when he'll wake up?" There were about a million questions I had now that I hadn't thought to ask the doctor while he was in front of me.

"Could be next week," she said, with a shrug. "Could be next hour. The brain is a tricky thing that's got a mind all its own." She smiled at her little pun. "The docs like to think they can command it to do their bidding, but in my experience, the brain wins every time."

Why couldn't all medical staff be as grounded and honest as this one was? "Sounds very... inconclusive."

"Hun, whenever you're talking about the human body or brain, it's always inconclusive."

Not exactly what I needed to hear right now, but I'd take the hard truth over a warm fuzzy lie most any day.

"Thanks," I said, waving as I headed down the hall.

"Let us know if you all need anything," she called after me.

Room 512 was at the far end of the hall and the closer I got, the farther away the room seemed to get. This whole night had been a screwy version of Alice in Wonderland.

Sliding inside the room, I closed the door silently behind me. Looking at him on the bed, if I imagined it just right, I could pretend he was asleep in his own bed. But then the heart rate monitor beeped and the antiseptic smell of the hospital called me back to reality.

I didn't have an aversion to hospitals like most people did. To me, they were places your loved ones were taken who at least had a hope of being healed. When John had been shot, the only place for him to be taken was the medical examiner's.

Jude was here, his heartbeat spiking and beating every second. That meant he was alive and had a fighting chance. There was hope.

Coming around the foot of the bed, I stared down at him. If not for the hospital gown and wires and tubes snaking over his body, he looked like he didn't belong here. No stitched wounds, no black and blue marks spotting him, no casts supporting broken bones. Everything on the surface was perfect, but whatever was going on inside that brain of his was where the true threat waited.

I knew more about concussions than any one who wasn't a doctor should. Watching hundreds of games in my lifetime, I'd seen my fair share of boys knocked senseless. John had been lucky enough to escape the seeming rite of passage concussion, but plenty of his teammates growing up hadn't. Most recovered with little to no long term effects. But some, the names and faces that were at the forefront of my mind now, were forever changed. Those less fortunate souls would never walk onto that football field again, and a couple couldn't so much as lift a spoon to their mouths, let alone palm a football.

The realization that this was potentially what Jude would face whenever his brain surfaced made my entire body weaken. Shuffling along the side of the bed, I collapsed onto the edge of it, grabbing his hand up in mine.

This is what happened when you didn't heed the warning upon warning life threw your way or listened to that voice in your head that told you someone was going to get hurt if we didn't stop fighting nature.

Jude and I had been riding a runaway train and Jude was the one to take the brunt of the impact when that train crashed into the wall. I knew when and if Jude came out of this, we could try to piece together the rabble, but it wouldn't be long before we hit another wall. And after falling apart once, we'd shatter with the next crash until finally, there was nothing left of what we'd once been. There'd be no Jude. No Lucy. No us. None of the love we'd shared. Just a scattered mess that could never be fixed.

My hand was wringing the hell out of his, so I loosened my grip on him. The last thing he needed was a hand amputation after I'd cut off the circulation while I worried the night away.

I knew I couldn't go, but I also knew I couldn't stay. And this, the cruel irony, was the paramount of Jude's and my time together. I loved him, but I shouldn't. I trusted him, but it wasn't natural. I wanted him, but I couldn't have him.

With us, it wasn't like we were suffering from a bad case of wanting to have our cake and eat it too - we were just trying to make the best out of an empty cake plate. You couldn't create something out of nothing and, while it wasn't Jude and me that didn't have something - we had the kind of something people spent their lives searching for - life had given us a big nothing in the future department. There was nowhere to go but right here, one of us having a meet and greet with death, if one of us didn't secede from the other.

I knew it couldn't be him, he'd warned me countless times before he was incapable of walking away from me. So it had to me. I had to be the one to get up, turn my back on this man, and never stop walking away.

I'd never faced something with more fear.

Damn it. I was squeezing his hand all to hell again.

Clearing my throat, I tried to bring the words to the surface. They wouldn't come. Something about acknowledging the permanence of them kept them bottled inside.

Goodbye. It would be the hardest thing I'd ever have to say, and the hardest thing I'd have to live. Jude wasn't just my first love. He was my forever love. But hell if forces of nature hadn't aligned against me actually being able to spend my life with that person.

Still choking on the word, Jude's fingers flickered in my hand.

I jumped in my seat. Staring at his hand, I watched it come back to life, weaving through and around mine. Now something else was getting caught in my throat: relief.

His eyes flickered open the next instant, falling on where our hands were woven together. Following his gaze, I couldn't determine which fingers were his and which were mine. Another piece of evidence for the Alice in Wonderland theory since his were rough, long man fingers and mine were skinny and soft, all girl fingers. Our hands had merged into one, creating its own Jude and Lucy. A Jucy or a Lude. The idea made me grin.

I felt his eyes move up, waiting for me to meet them. When I did, I wanted to set the world on fire and watch it burn for refusing to let me have this man.

His eyes grimaced with confusion as they scanned the room.

"You were hit, Jude. Hard," I explained, gripping his hand like centrifugal forces were trying to tear us apart. I didn't ease up because this time, his hand was gripping mine right back. "You blacked out, sustained a concussion, so the doctors put you into a coma so your brain could take its time recovering." So much for the managed coma. But it shouldn't have surprised me - Jude didn't conform to social standards, a forced upon him coma no expectation.

"The hit I remember," he said, reaching for his head. "The rest not so much."

"God, Jude. I'm sorry," I said, needing to say so much more.

"Sorry for what?" he said, inspecting the IV running into his arm. "That I was dumb enough to look in the opposite direction of a three hundred pound mamma-jamma who wanted to grind me into the astroturf? That was all my bad, Luce."

"Yeah, but our fight," I said, scooting closer to him when I should be moving in the opposite direction. "You wouldn't have been so distracted if we hadn't just gotten into it."

"Luce. We fight. I'm used to that. Sure, that fight was the scariest ass one we've ever had, but you're here now. That's all that matters. No matter how many fights we have, or how much they tip the Richter scale, none of it matters as long as at the end of the day, you're still with me."

He shifted in bed, propping up onto his elbows. "And I wasn't all that distracted from the fight. I was distracted by that D bag I was planning to torture as soon as the game was done."

Smirking at me, the color began to bleed back into his face. "That was one hell of a phone spiral you launched onto the field. I'm going to start calling you Laser Rocket Arm. If coach saw that, he's going to dump my sorry ass and drop you into the starting QB spot."

I smiled at his forearm, tracing patterns over the lines of muscle and vein. "If you keep taking hits like that, you'll be riding the bench for sure, Ryder."

He snorted, like he didn't only believe he was invincible, but he knew it. Lifting his hand to his neck, he searched for something below his gown. His expression dropped. "Where the hell is my necklace?" he said, sitting up in bed and searching the room.

"I don't think you'll find it glued to the ceiling," I said when he investigated the white ceiling tiles.

"Where is it?" he asked, his voice tight.

"Jude," I said, worried he'd been hit as hard as I'd been worried he had, "calm down. I'm sure it's around. They probably took it off when you were in the ER and have it tucked into a drawer or something. We'll find it."

"Okay," he said, exhaling, "you're right. We'll find it." Collapsing back onto the bed, he looked exhausted.

"Since when did you start wearing a necklace?" I asked, hoping it wasn't some huge gold chain with some hubcap sized eagle hanging from it.

"Since I started trying to get my act together," he said.

"And that happened when?" I teased, narrowing my eyes at him.

He chuckled, that deep, throaty one of his that went right through me, vibrating everything in its journey. As it tapered off, his face twisted.

"What?" I asked, ready to push that red button resting on the table beside the bed.

"I was dreaming," he said, his eyes going into that far-away place. "I remember it. That's what woke me up." One side of his face twisted up higher. "It was the same dream over and over again. I must have had it a thousand times and all I remember is wanting to break past that dream and wake up. But I couldn't. Something was holding me down. Something was keeping me from waking up."

That probably had something to do with a team of doctors forcing him into a coma. A coma that had lasted all of an hour.

"What was it about?" I asked, wanting to reach inside him and extract all the poison I could see eating him away.

His dark eyes flickered to mine. "You."

I swallowed. "Me?" I tried to sound brave, but I'd never sounded so scared. "What was I doing?"

I already knew before he flinched out his answer.

"You were leaving," he breathed, his arm covering his chest. "You left me. And you never came back, no matter how hard I ran after you or how loud I begged you to stop." And it could have been the drugs, or the horrible lighting in a hospital room, but for the first time, Jude's eyes looked like they could have spilled tears. "You left me."

And now it was my face and my everything else that was twisting as words failed me. It wasn't my consciousness that reacted next; it was my heart. The heart I'd been depriving for so long and had just busted free.

In one seamless movement, I was straddling his lap, covering his mouth with mine. I kissed him, God, like I'd never kissed him before. I couldn't kiss him hard enough. I wanted his mouth to make me forget everything. I needed to forget reality for a while and pretend life was going to work out just the way I wanted it to.

His lips were quiet beneath mine for one second as he processed what the hell had just happened, but when they came to, they moved against mine like they were trying to consume me as much as mine were his.

The heart rate monitor starting keeping beat to our frantic mouths retreating and advancing on one another. Leaning back, I ripped the sweatshirt over my head and my tank was off and flying before the sweatshirt hit the floor.

Jude's hands grabbed my face, pulling me back to him, his tongue forcing its way into my mouth. I trembled, feeling his hands and his mouth and the rest of his body wanting, taking, and having me.

One hand crawled down my back, sparing no time freeing my bra from my back. His breathing for the first time was almost as ragged as mine and that realization put a crack in this dream we were actively participating in. We shouldn't be doing this right now, for a baker's dozen of different reasons. And I didn't want to care about a single one of them right now.

His mouth moving in and over me wasn't enough to keep reality at bay.

I had to have all of him.

Leaning away for what I hoped was the last time, I worked everything that was still covering me down my legs, around my ankles, and off onto the floor.

Jude's breathing hitched again as his eyes inspected me. Naked, tortured, and dying in my need for him.

"I'm one lucky bastard," he breathed, managing a smile as he propped up on his elbows. "And there's no way I'm letting anything get in the way of this," - his hands slid down my hips, curling into the flesh of my backside - "so help me get this damn hospital dress off."

I grinned, leaning down and letting my fingers work over the knots on the back of his gown while my mouth worked over the tendons and muscles of his neck. His heavy breath burst my body up and down in time to his heart. I rose with him, I fell with him - always together.

Pulling the last tie free, I slid the gown up and over his arms, pulling it up through my legs and over his body until it had joined my discarded clothes on the floor.

It was working. I felt nothing but the here and now. I felt nothing but Jude - his body, his love, and his need.

His hands returned to my backside, lifting it and sliding it back. I could feel him against me, just waiting for my final acceptance. Judging to see if this was really the perfect moment. The place in time where Jude and I would mark this last passage of intimacy.

I was so ready for this moment in time I could feel it throbbing my every nerve to life. "You know, your doctor said you were supposed to stay relaxed and rest," I said, smiling down on him where his face was as excited as it was tortured. "I wouldn't say this counts as rest and relaxation."

His hands slid up my body, skimming up my br**sts and molding beneath my jaw. Holding my face in his gentle hands, the lines and muscles of his face smoothed. "Luce. I love you. This is exactly what I need right now. Doctor's orders be damned."

My heart was pounding so hard in my chest, my sternum was starting to ache. This was it. The green light. Yet I also knew in this moment that a red light was on the horizon and it was because of that glimpse at cruel realty I lifted myself above him.

"This?" I implied, bracing my hands on his chest. His heart thrust against them.

He nodded, running his thumbs down my jaw. "This."

And then I lowered myself onto him, letting him consume me every way he could.

He groaned below me as his hands fell back to my hips.

"This?" I breathed, not able to catch it as I moved above him again.

We both winced from the separation.

His fingers curled into my hips, sliding them back down over him. The heart rate monitor was really screaming now, barely able to keep up with Jude.

"Damn this thing," he breathed, his forehead lining as I moved above him again. Tearing at his chest, he ripped the wires from his chest, chucking them to the floor. He did the same with his IV.

"There," he said, twisting below me, rocking me over until I was on my back beside him. "Nothing is coming between us," he said, nuzzling into my neck as he rocked over me. I was vaguely aware the heart rate monitor was now screaming some sort of warning, but when Jude's h*ps rocked into mine, his moan getting lost inside me as he kissed me to the beat our h*ps were creating, there was nothing else but him.

His tongue rocked into me, followed by his hips, while he fitted his entire body against mine. He wasn't only making love to me - he was possessing me.

There was nothing I wanted more than him, nothing I wouldn't be willing to sacrifice. Nothing my life felt more dependent upon than this man moving inside of me in every way a person could enter another.

Separating his mouth from mine, his heavy breath came just outside my ear. I could feel the sheen of sweat covering his face, mixing with mine.

Moving inside me again, deeper this time, I almost screamed. I was so close I doubted I would last one more. "I'm not letting you go, Luce," he whispered, his voice tight. "I won't let you leave. You're mine," he breathed, sinking his teeth into my ear as his h*ps flinched against mine once more.

And that was it. My body trembled against his, my hand reaching for the metal bedrail to brace myself. He continued moving inside of me, his beat quickening as my body clenched around him. His hand joined mine braced over the bedrail and, as he followed me down the forgetting reality path, his fingers wove through mine, squeezing them before his body collapsed against mine.

"Damn, Luce," he said, his head rising and falling against my chest.

My thoughts exactly. "How do you feel?" I asked, trying to bring my heart rate down. It wasn't having any of it. "How's your head?"

"My head's fine," he said, winding his arms around my back. "It's my goddamn heart that's about ready to bust something."

I started laughing, feeling as close to euphoric as a snarky, natural pessimist could be. He joined in, his laughter vibrating against me.

And then the door exploded open as the same kind-faced nurse rushed in, her expression lined with concern.

Her eyes landed on the flat-lining machine first, then on where Jude rested bare ass nak*d over me. The worry lines faded from her face as she blessed us with a very parental expression. Walking over to the monitor, she shut the screaming thing off before turning and heading out of the room.

"At least you died and went to heaven," she said in an amused tone before closing us back inside the room.

"Yes," Jude said into my chest, his laughter dimming. "I most certainly did."

"Too bad our celestial vacay didn't last a little longer," I said, running my fingers over his shaved head.

His body tensed in my hold as I felt that smile curve into the side of my breast. "Who says we can't make a return trip?" he said, lifting himself over me again.

I didn't have a chance to reply with my answer - reality - before his mouth and body moved into mine again.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Jude was sleeping the slumber of a happy man beside me. His crooked smile was still a ghost on his face as his arms held me like vices. Even after a second handrail bracing, body trembling, grit your teeth around a scream, roll in a hospital bed, I hadn't been able to fall asleep.

Jude had no trouble. In fact, my heart beat hadn't recovered fully before he'd fallen asleep. So I'd been awake for six hours, staring at the man curled around me, more confused than I'd ever been before. How could we be wrong for each other after one more very big part of a relationship just proved how very right we were for one another? And why, no matter what we seemed to do, did things not want to work out for us?

My flight was leaving in less than two hours. I didn't have my bag with me, and there would be no way I'd be able to drive to my dorm to get it and make it back before my plane had already landed in sunny south Arizona where my family was spending Christmas with my grandparents.

Thankfully when I'd booked the ticket last month, I guessed I'd be at Jude's game the Saturday before I flew out and planned on staying at his place that night before driving to the airport. My plans certainly hadn't factored in a hospital bed, or clenched fingers running down cool metal bed rails, but if I left now, at least I could still make my flight.

I couldn't wake him. I couldn't let him know I was leaving because he wouldn't let me go. Or he'd buy a ticket and come along with me.

And one part of me very much wanted that to happen. But the confused part of me, the one that was scratching her head in wonder, contemplating what to do next, needed some time and space to work out this new complication in what was becoming the never ending tale of Jude's and my story.

More time and space.

I sighed, shifting in bed, trying to weave myself from beneath him. This past month's "time and space" had done nothing but further confuse me and complicate things between the two of us. So I vowed I would force myself to make a decision by the time that airplane headed back to New York after the New Year. Before I came back here, I would be able to give him a firm and final answer to the question that was Jude and Lucy.

Tucking the sheet around him, I herded up my clothes, jamming my neck and limbs into all the appropriate openings. Grabbing my bag from the table, I paused at the foot of the bed and just stared at him. It seemed like I wouldn't be able to stop. He was mine. I knew this with all my heart.

But could I have him?

This was the question I wouldn't rest until I could answer.

Not even daring to run my fingers over the tips of his toes for fear of him waking up and convincing me back into bed, I rushed out the door, careful to close the door without a noise.

I took the stairs, dodging the elevators by the nurses's station because I didn't want to explain myself. I couldn't explain anything right now. Other than I was confused as all hell.

Once I was outside the hospital, I had a line of cabs to choose from. Sliding inside the closest one, I glanced back at the hospital, my eyes shifting to the fifth floor.

"The airport, please," I said, narrowing my eyes to better focus on the window I was looking into. A shadow moved suddenly away from it. "And please hurry," I added, the ball reforming in my throat.

The cabdriver followed my request to the speed-defying T. In fact, he put NYC cabdrivers to shame. Less than a half hour after we'd left the hospital, we were pulling up to the airport's curb. Having no luggage other than my purse, I handed the driver his money plus a nice tip for a job well done.

I hurried my way to the ticket counter, wanting to get off the ground here so I could think. My thoughts were stifled here in New York. I couldn't think clearly.

Ticket in hand, I got in line at the security checks. Being Christmas Eve, I expected there to be more grumpy faced people and screaming children than there were, and before I'd had time to dig my phone out of my purse to call my parents to let them know I was on my way, a TSA agent was ushering me through the metal detectors.

Throwing my purse, phone, and boots onto the conveyor belt, I whisked through the metal detector. I breathed a sigh of relief when it didn't beep. Last time I'd flown, I'd forgotten to take off my chunky sterling silver necklace and I'd had to endure an intense "pat down" from one very eager, very young male agent. I'd been the high point to his day as he'd been the low point to mine.

Snatching my belongings at the end of the conveyor belt, I heard it.

Well, I heard him.

"Lucy!"

My head snapped up. I couldn't see him yet, but I could hear him like he was standing in front of me. The agents and others around me stopped what they were doing to look too.

"Lucy!" This time closer as Jude emerged from around the corner, in a full sprint, bare foot and a hospital gown streaming around him. His eyes latched onto me like they were trained to find nothing else.

"Lucy!" he repeated, charging the security gates. TSA agents were popping up in their seats, looking between one another.

He didn't stop sprinting, taking out one, then two rows of nylon people-herders. He didn't stop until a couple of large agents tackled into him.

My hands covered my mouth as the guards stopped him, each one grabbing an arm of Jude's and throwing it behind his back. Jude didn't fight back, or maybe he couldn't; he just stared at me with those dark eyes, pleading with me to stay.

"You can't leave, Luce!" he hollered, resisting the guards as they tried to remove him from the security area.

"I'm just going away for a little while," I said, sure he couldn't hear me since I couldn't manage more than a whisper. "I'll be back. I promise." With an answer that would decide the fate of our relationship.

"You can't leave me," he said, his voice breaking, his face following as the guards pulled him away. Successfully this time. "You can't leave me," he said one last time, defeated.

I don't know what was worse: watching Jude give up and be drug away or turning away and heading for my gate.

Both ate at me until, by the time my plane landed in Arizona, I wasn't sure if anything was left of the old Lucy Larson.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Christmas came and went without me so much as noticing. Well, I noticed. You couldn't help but notice when your entire extended family showed up to Christmas Eve decked out in some variety of red and green plaid, stripe, check, or polka dot Christmas sweater, flashing with lights and tinkling with bells. The ugly Christmas sweater was a new tradition, and one that I hoped died off with the department store sales that sold those monstrosities. Two hours into the Larson family shin-dig, everyone save for me was on an express train to Drunkville. Me, the only teenager there, was as sober as a nun about to take her vows.

Life didn't make sense any more. I was about to stop trying to make sense of it in the first place.

I curled up in Grandpa's old recliner, staring out at the cacti twinkling with Christmas lights, trying to imagine what Jude was doing at that exact minute. Experiencing a moment of weakness, I slipped my phone out of my pocket and typed, "Merry Christmas. XXXandO" and pressed send before I could rethink it. I waited up most of the night, checking my screen to make sure he hadn't replied.

He never did.

Finding myself unable to sleep yet again New Year's Day morning, I zombie walked into the kitchen, beelining for the coffee pot.

"And I thought I was the insomniac in the family."

I didn't even startle, I was that sleep deprived. Mom rose from her chair at the table and walked over to the cupboard where Grandma kept her coffee cups. Pouring one for me, she added the sugar and cream without asking.

"Thanks," I yawned as she set the cup in front of my chair.

"You're welcome," she said, sitting back down and watching me, like she was waiting for something.

Too early to know what exactly, and with my mom, nothing was ever as it seemed. She might be waiting for me to share my every goal and dream with her just as much as she might be about to tell me that swept off the face hair style I'd been favoring lately wasn't a good look for my heart-shaped face.

I'd burned through half a cup of coffee before she cleared her throat.

"So I'm officially done waiting for you to open up about whatever has got you so down you can't possibly get any lower," she said, setting her cup down on the table. "What's going on with you, Lucille? I know it has something to do with you and Jude, I just can't figure out what it is."

I cringed first over her use of my given name and winced when she said Jude's name. Even his name hurt me to hear.

I sighed, taking a deep chug of coffee before setting it down.

"I'm not sure if we're supposed to be together," I said, offering nothing else. This was, at the crux of all my concerns, the cornerstone.

My mom nodded her head, taking a few moments to think before replying. "You're not sure if you're supposed to be together, or if you shouldn't be together?"

My brain wasn't working well enough to have these kinds of conversations. "Is there a difference?"

"Of course," she said, cinching the rope of her new bathrobe tighter. "To suppose is to assume. Should is an entirely different beast. Should implies duty and obligation. It's a period where suppose is a question mark," she said, watching me across the table. "So yeah, there's a difference."

Yep, I should have stayed in bed and continued to toss and turn. That would be better than having this conversation with my mom before the crack of dawn.

"I guess I don't know?" I said.

"You want to know what I think?" Mom asked, her voice and face concerned.

"Sure," I said, needing some solid mom advice. In the months that followed my senior year, we'd managed to rebuild a good portion of the relationship we'd lost after John's death. She even snuck a few napkin notes into the care packages she and dad had sent me at school.

"From an outsider's perspective, you and Jude probably aren't supposed to be together," she began slowly, watching my face for my reaction. "But at the same time, you two should be together."

I shook my head, trying to clear it. I couldn't keep up. This whole conversation seemed like one giant oxymoron.

"Okay, mom. That was clear as mud," I said, narrowing my eyes as the start of a headache emerged. "Are you saying we should or shouldn't be together?"

"You should," she answered immediately.

Glad that was cleared up and, even though I wanted further clarification on the whole should/suppose mind maze, I couldn't do that to myself without bringing on a migraine.

"How can you be so sure of that when I'm not?"

"Oh, honey," she said, patting my hand. "It's because you're letting the fairy tales you grew up hearing in storybooks and the baseless ideals of love cloud your mind. Love isn't easy. Especially the really good kind. It's difficult, and you'll want to rip your hair out just as many days as you'll feel the wind at your back." She paused, smiling to herself. "But it's worth it. It's worth fighting for. Don't let what isn't real blind you from what is. Life isn't perfect, we sure as shit aren't perfect, so why should we expect love to be?"

"I get that, I do. But come on, mom," I said, trailing my finger along the lip of my cup. "Love just isn't enough sometimes."

"Baby," she said, looking at me like I'd just said something very immature, "I'd sign my name in blood that it isn't."

I groaned, sinking into my chair. This little mother/daughter convo was getting me nowhere.

"I'm so damn confused right now, Mom. I'm so confused I don't think anything you could say or explain would clear it all up for me."

She stayed silent for a minute, her forehead lining along with the corners of her eyes as she worked something over in her mind.

"Love is what brings you together, Lucy. But it's the blood, sweat, and tears of hard work that keeps you together," she began, choosing her words carefully. "Love isn't only love, sweetheart. It's hard work, and trust, and tears, with even a few glimpses of devastation. But at the end of each day, if you can still look at the person at your side and can't imagine anyone else you'd rather have there, the pain and heartache and the ups and downs of love are worth it."

And the clouds of confusion started to part.

"Love is just as much suffering as it is sweetness. If it was perfect, that's what they'd call it. They wouldn't call it bittersweet."

"Are you saying every relationship experiences the same kinds of highs and lows Jude and I do?" I asked, taking another sip of coffee. "Because I think more people would choose to be alone if that was the case."

"Lucy, you're a passionate, emotional person. Jude isn't so much different. What do you expect to be the result when you two come together? You two don't multiply the peaks and the valleys together; you exponentially affect them," she said, getting up and grabbing the coffee pot from the holder.

"And there's no doubt for some people, life would be far easier if they never fell in love. To never have to ache for a man like he was more essential than the air that kept you alive." She filled my cup, then hers, before settling the pot between us. Gauging my mom's loveathon lecture here, we'd drain it soon. "Life would be smoother and you'd know more what to expect from day to day if you kept love out of your life," she paused, looking at the window as the first rays of dawn started shining through. "But you'd be alone."

"So you're saying I should choose Jude over the life of hermit-like solitude?" I asked, lifting my brows at her.

"I'm saying you should choose Jude if, at the end of the day, when the world is against you, you can say with absolute certainty that you want Jude at your side. Can you say the good times are worth the bad times?"

My body and mind were becoming more alert as the caffeine pulsed through my veins and my mind started making itself up after weeks of worry and uncertainty.

It was about time.

"When did you become Jude's number one fan?" I asked, smiling over at her. Mom had gone from loathing Jude when we first met, to disliking him through the entirety of my senior year, to tolerating him since we'd been together in college. I hadn't realized she'd crossed into the land of Jude approval.

"When he proved again and again that he's yours," she answered simply. "I can forgive a man's past faults, his present shortcomings, and his future failures if every minute of every day he loves me like it's his religion," she said, taking a breath. "Jude loves you like that. It just took me a while to see that, so he's got the mom stamp of approval now."

I didn't reply, my mind was so hard at work. Not so much rethinking things, but realigning expectations and assumptions and even a bit of my worldview. I'd been so focused on the reasons Jude and I shouldn't be together, I'd been blinded to the reasons we should. And now that I'd "seen the light," those reasons were worth every bit of hardship that came our way.

"Working things out over there, sweetheart?" Mom said, startling me. I'd gone so far and long down the paths of my thoughts, everything had faded away.

I took a slow breath, feeling confidence bleed into my veins, drowning out all the doubt. "All worked out, I think," I said, feeling the weight vest I'd been wearing for too long lifted. "Thanks, Mom. For the coffee, for listening, and for the 'come to Jude' talk."

"You're welcome, Lucy," she said, arching a brow as she studied me. "But what in the hell are you still doing in that chair?"

My eyes squinted - was she advocating for what I guessed she was?

Waving her hand at the back door, she said, "Go get your man. Go be happy and miserable together."

Yeah, she was.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Flying on New Year's Day had its advantages. Next to no one else was, so I had no problem getting my return ticket changed to the very next flight that left in an hour. When I started blabbering out my whole story to the poor lady behind the ticket counter, she gave me a knowing smile and upgraded me to first class.

The security checkpoint went a hundred times smoother this time, and a coffee stand was positioned right next to my gate, so by the time they called my flight, I was really buzzing like a live wire.

First class was everything people talked about it being. The seats were twice as big and at least ten times as comfortable. The flight attendants were eager to meet your every request, as opposed to almost snarling when you asked for a sip of water if you were choking on something back in coach. Choking on one of those nasty stale pretzels they liked to peddle.

Here, we got little nut and cheese trays, along with our drinks served in crystal glassware. It was high rolling at thirty thousand feet, but even at that, with my every basic and not so basic need met, I couldn't wait until we touched down. I don't think my foot stopped tapping once the entire flight.

I was the first person off the plane when those doors opened, and I was in a full run by the time I hit the terminal. I didn't slow as eyes started tracking after me. I was getting used to these kinds of moments of mass public scruntinization and embarrassment. And I could consider this a prelude for what was about to come.

However, the moment was going to miss me if I didn't haul ass to the airport curb and the taxi driver didn't haul cab to Syracuse, because kickoff was in less than an hour. I didn't have any bags to retrieve from the baggage carousel, so I stormed by them and almost slammed into a cab before I could slow myself. Climbing inside, I caught my breath.

"The Carrier Dome, please," I said, breathing like I was trying to take off. "And if it wasn't a matter of love and life, I wouldn't be begging you right now to break every traffic rule to get there as fast as we can in one piece. Preferably in one piece," I added.

The cab driver glanced back at me over his shoulder. His face was a familiar one. "Why are you in such a hurry to get everywhere you go?" he asked, slipping his sunglasses over his eyes. "Haven't you ever been told to enjoy the journey?"

"I'll enjoy the journey once I get there," I answered, thanking my lucky stars I'd crashed into this cab. This guy had driven me here on my first trip in record time; it was fitting he drove me again now.

He smirked back at me, pulling away from the curb. "What's the damn rush?"

I smirked right back. "I've got to apologize to, plead with, and make sweet love to the man I love," I answered, buckling in. "Now make this yellow hunk of junk move!"

He rested his head back and laughed. "Lucky for you I like bossy women," he said, unleashing that yellow hunk of junk loose on the road.

This time, as the cars and scenery blurred by me, I feared for my life. I guess finally deciding on the life you wanted to live made it more valuable.

But as we broke to a stop at the curb outside the ticket windows, we weren't only still in one piece, we'd just broken every cab speed world record. I was tempted to ask the driver if he was an ex-Nascar driver, but I had somewhere to be and only minutes to spare.

Shoving some money into his hand, I slid out of the door. "You are a god among cabbies, my friend," I said.

He chuckled like it was cute of me to acknowledge what he'd already known.

"Good luck," he said before I slammed the door shut.

I knew this would be the last chance for one good deep breath, so I took it, holding it inside, sucking all the courage and kismet I could from it before letting it go. Turning around, I rushed towards the gates where my favorite ticket master waited behind the window.

"Miss Lucy!" he said, his face lighting up. "I wasn't sure you'd make it. Cutting it a little close aren't you, kiddo?" he said, checking the clock over his shoulder.

"How you feeling today, Lou?" I asked, knowing my plan was going to fall flat on its face without his help.

"Old, arthritic," he began, eyeing me, "and spry and ornery as the day I was born."

I exhaled my relief. "Good," I said. "I need a favor."

Lou's face flattened in surprise before, looking from side to side at the other employees around him, he leaned across the counter, his eyes gleaming. "I hope it's a good one."

My hands were sweating. Not clammy, not damp. Sweaty.

They weren't the only things. Every part of my body seemed to have grown excessive sweat glands that were dripping liquid like I was going through some purification ritual in a steam hut.

Not to be excluded, my heart was about to burst out of my chest and my knees were strongly considering checking themselves out of the game. If my mind wasn't so made up, so firm in its endeavor, my body would give out beneath me.

"You won't have long, Miss Lucy," Lou whispered over to me, handing me a cordless microphone.

"I won't need long," I answered, my foot tapping making its reappearance when I peered into the stands. Where the airports were next to empty on New Year's Day, the bleachers at college football stadiums were packed to capacity. And I was about to go out in front of all that.

Shit, was the only response my mind had for me. Hopefully it would be more articulate when I wandered out onto that field and put that mike up to my mouth.

"Do you know how to work one of these things?" he asked, eyeing the mike in my hands. It was slippery from my sweaty hands, so now, in addition to not tripping, not passing out, and not saying anything stupid, I had to add "don't let the mic slide out my hands" to the punch card.

"Slide to on," I recited, my voice shaking too. "Hold to mouth. Try not to sound like a blubbering idiot."

Lou smiled that warm one of his that settled deep into the lines of his face.

"I happen to be partial to blubbering idiots," he said, resting his hand on my shoulder. "My wife was one, and I swear, that's what won me over. She had to say everything that was on her mind without putting it through a filter." Those brown eyes of his took on a faint sheen. "Five years later, after she passed, that's what I lie in bed missing the most."

Wrapping my arms around him, I gave Lou a shaky, sweaty hug which he seemed to melt into. When I pulled away, he wiped at his eyes.

"Mr. Jude's a very lucky man," he said, backing away.

I smiled after him. "I didn't exactly draw the short stick."

"No, hun, you sure didn't," he said, nodding his head towards the field. "Go get him."

"Okay," I said, feeling like I was about to vomit.

"When you're ready, just give your head a nod and I'll make sure that mic streams all the way to the parking lot."

I flashed him a thumbs up because my nerves were clenching at my throat.

Peering into the stands, another wave of nausea rolled over me. The teams hadn't taken the field yet, but were about to. Lou had assured me whether Jude was in the locker room, or in the tunnel, or on the field, there would be no way in hell he couldn't hear my voice coming through the speakers.

Along with fifty thousand others.

Vulnerability was hard enough without a crap load of impartial strangers witnessing it. But this was what I had to do. Jude had put himself out there so many times before, not caring what others thought about him and the way he felt about me; it was my turn. I was the one who had much to atone for.

And atonement was one short walk to the fifty yard line.

Closing my eyes, I visualized Jude's face. His many faces. The one that burst into laughter when I tried to be tough, the one that had smoothed into a smile when I'd told him I loved him, the one that had broken when I'd walked away too many damn times. And finally, the one of acceptance I hoped I'd find waiting for me when I said what needed to be said.

With renewed resolve, I opened my eyes and took my first step onto the field. I held my breath, hoping no one would tackle me or Taser me when they noticed I didn't have a badge swinging from my neck, but no one seemed to pay much attention to the girl wandering to the fifty with a mic in her hand.

My hands were shaking by the twenty, and the rest of me by the thirty, but as I took my final steps to the fifty, everything calmed. I'd jumped - that was the hard part - now all I had to do was enjoy the free fall.

Holding the mic up, I scanned the crowd. People were starting to shift their attention my way. I pretended they were checking out the water boys on the sidelines. Glancing towards the dark tunnel, I gave a nod of my head.

The mic buzzed to life. I flinched in surprise. It was the first time I'd held one of these things and hadn't anticipated that. Dancing didn't require microphones.

"Hello?" I said, cementing my spot for the idiot of the year award. Was I expecting someone to greet me back? My voice blazed around the stadium.

Now I'd gotten every one's attention. Including the tall, broad guys with black tees that read "SECURITY" across their backs.

Lou was right. I'd have to be fast.

"My name's Lucy," I began, my voice breaking. I cleared it.

Just pretend you're talking to no one else but Jude.

"And once upon a time I fell in love with this guy." The stadium went silent as everyone took their seats to the Lucy Larson Gut Spilling Show. "He wasn't exactly a fairy tale prince. But I'm no fairy tale princess." I paused, reminding myself to breathe. This would all be for nothing if I passed out from oxygen deprivation. "He didn't ride in on a white horse or say all the right things at just the right time. But he was my prince. He would have been the kind I wrote about if I'd written all those fairy tales."

I noticed a couple of security guards reach for their walkie talkies, mumbling something into them with stern faces. Hurry, Lucy.

"That man made me feel things I never imagined could be felt. He made me want things I wasn't sure I could have. He made me need things I didn't know existed."

My voice was getting stronger as the words started spilling from me. Everything I'd needed to say for so long was finally having its day.

"He made me happy. He made me crazy. He made me thank the heavens for the day I'd met him. He made me curse the same heavens for the day I'd met him." I smiled, a slew of memories flashing through my mind.

"I screwed up. He screwed up. I was sure I couldn't live without him. I was just as sure he'd be the death of me. I was confused." Straddling the fifty, I completed one revolution, waiting for number seventeen to be running across the field at me. No smiling faces were coming for me yet.

I had more to make up for. I only hoped it would be enough.

"We rode this roller coaster. Up, down, and around and around, and just as soon as I was sure it was coming to a stop and we could get off of it once and for all, we repeated the same ride all over again. I didn't think I wanted to be a passenger on that ride anymore, so I got off, leaving him to ride it alone."

A couple of guards nodded into their walkies before pocketing them and coming onto the field for me. I did another survey of the field.

Where was he?

"Then we shared one amazing night in a hospital room and I knew everything would be all right. And then doubt crept back into my mind and I knew nothing would be all right. So I left him. I hurt him." A single phantom tear I hadn't known was there skied down my cheek.

Ignoring the guards making their way towards me, I looked into the stands. Beyond what I'd expected, more faces were formed into sympathy than judgment.

It turns out, I wasn't the only one who screwed love up.

"But then this morning, over a sleepless night and a pot of coffee, someone knocked some sense into me. Thanks, mom," I said, waving at the camera that was tracking me. "I realized I'd never really gotten off that roller coaster, we were just riding in different cars. My life is a roller coaster whether or not I am sitting next to this boy, and I'd rather share this crazy journey through life with him at my side."

Sucking in a deep breath, I busted into the finale because I had maybe ten seconds before I would be escorted off the field. Hopefully not in cuffs.

"I'm done leaving. I'm done questioning if we can do this thing, Jude."

Cheering rose up in the stands as fans began to realize their star quarterback was who this screw-loose girl was talking about.

"I'm done pretending I'll ever love someone else as much as I do you. I know it took me a while, but I know it now. I was made to love you. I was made to share my life with you. I'm rewriting the fairy tale so you and I get to ride off together." I paused again to get a breath, scanning the field.

He wasn't coming. Even if he'd been tucked away into the very back of the stadium, he could have made it to me by now if he wanted to. Nothing stopped Jude from what he wanted. The possibility that I wasn't what he wanted any more broke me.

I fought through the fear. I was done living in a state of it.

"I love you, Jude Ryder. I'm done letting that scare me. I'm not going anywhere."

One of the security guards stopped in front of me, clearing his throat. "Yes, ma'am. I'm afraid you are."

This was so not how I'd envisioned this all going. I gave life - smirking its all-knowing face at me - the finger.

"I'll take that," he said, grabbing the mic out of my hands. "After you," he said, which was every shade of a demand, motioning me off the field.

The other guard shouldered up next to me, waiting for me as well. At least neither one was swinging a pair of cuffs in front of me. Taking one more look around the field, I felt my already battered heart break one final time.

It was done - it couldn't break any more than it just had. If Jude didn't want it, I didn't need it any ways.

Making myself hold my head high, I followed behind one of the guards, the other one keeping stride beside me as I left the field. The stadium was silent again as I felt the eyes of every person watching me being escorted from the field where I'd just bared my soul.

Where I'd left it there to die.

My future was flashing through my mind as we crossed into the dark tunnel, looking bleak and empty. My future, Judeless, wasn't one I looked forward to waking up to every day.

I was midway through the tunnel, at the point where it is darkest, when something buzzed to life in the stadium. It startled me just as much as it had the first time. The two guards froze right along with me, but their mouths didn't curve into smiles like mine did.

"Lucy Larson?" That voice I couldn't possibly love any more without being declared mentally unstable rose through the stadium. "Could you come back out here? I need to ask you something."

The guards groaned. I almost squeed I was so giddy, and Lucy Larson didn't normally do giddy.

"Ready to make this a round trip, boys?" I said, already heading back down that tunnel whether they felt the need to escort me or not.

Their footsteps indicated they were following behind me. I wasn't slowing to wait for them. Hurrying out of the tunnel, the light of the stadium blinded me for a moment, but then a flash of orange and white decorating the fifty yard line cleared my vision. Jude straddled that line, his helmet at his feet, and his eyes nowhere else but on me.

His face gave nothing away, but I didn't care if he was out there to chastise me in front of everyone or if he was planning on making sweet love to me right there on the field. I wasn't turning my back on him again.

I told myself to walk, to put one foot in front of the other, but I couldn't. All I was capable of was running. And fifty yards had never felt so far away and never had I wanted anything as much as what I wanted at the end of those fifty yards.

The crowd wasn't silent any more. People were starting to cheer; the wave even started to ripple through the stands. But the only thing I really noticed was the man watching me, keeping some emotion that was so intense I could feel it coming off of him in waves contained beneath the surface.

Slowing to a jog, I stopped before throwing myself into his arms. This had to be one of the few times I'd approached Jude and his arms hadn't been open.

"That was one hell of a speech, Luce," he said, his face finally breaking into a smirk. Almost identical to the one he'd given me that day on the beach when he'd crashed into me.

"I was wondering how far you'd let me get," I said, feeding him back his line that day on the beach.

When I'd fallen for a broken boy that had managed to fix me somewhere along the way.

"How far do you think you had until you hit the edge of the world?" he replied, his smirk deepening.

"I'd say I fell over it a ways ago," I answered, knowing I'd fallen so long ago I couldn't remember when my feet had been planted on solid ground.

Jude stepped closer to me, resting one hand on my hip. "Then it's a damn good thing you grabbed on to that rope I told you we'd need when the ground fell out."

I smiled as his expression softened.

"Damn good thing, indeed," I said, feeling the warmth from his hand melt away whatever confusion or uncertainty or doubt was left. "Didn't you say you had something to ask me?" I arched a brow, scanning the crowd and the cameras aimed at us. "Because I'd say we've got five more seconds before they send for the SWAT team."

Jude blew out a breath, that foreign flash in his eyes looking... nervous?

"I wasn't planning on doing it this way," he said, one side of his mouth curling up, "but I suppose that's par for our course, Luce."

"Did that concussion knock something loose?" I teased, amused at this bout of discomfort rolling off of him.

"No, I still see everything as clearly as I did before," he answered, tugging on a chain around his neck. "And it's about time you saw it too."

Throwing the microphone to the side, he stepped back. The crowd exploded into an equal chorus of cheers and boos.

Then, taking a deep breath, Jude lowered down to the field. On one knee.

Damn. My knees were about to join his.

Sliding the chain over his head, a ring dangled from the end of it.

"I know I'm one royal screw up, and god knows there's nothing I could ever do to deserve you," he began, taking my hand in his after sliding the ring free from the chain. I couldn't fill my lungs, I couldn't feel my legs below me, but I could feel his hand around mine. And he kept me grounded.

"But I want you, Lucy Larson. Bad. I want you forever. The kind of bad I have for you isn't the kind that goes away." His forehead lined, his eyes washing silver. "Ease my suffering. Make me the happiest, most tortured man in the world. Marry me?"

If this was hanging from a rope after the ground had fallen from beneath you, I'd become the best damn rope climber in the history of ropes.

Jude Ryder. The man I loved. The man I couldn't live without. My husband.

Yeah, that worked.

"Why the hell not," I answered, never feeling more sure about anything.

His face smoothed with relief. And pure, unbridled, joy.

"Was that a yes?" he asked, already sliding the ring onto my finger. I hadn't looked at the ring once. I could feel it there, the metal band cool on my skin, but I didn't need to see it to feel its promise. It could have been a hundred carets; it could have come from a quarter machine. I didn't care. Because I had Jude. Forever.

"No," I answered him, tugging on his hand, prying him up. "That was a what took you so long, Ryder. Now get up here and kiss me." I winked down at him, grinning at me like a fool.

Popping up, his arms grabbed me, folding me tightly against him. "Yes, ma'am."

Wrapping my legs around him, he lifted me higher, weaving his fingers through my hair. "The name's Jude Ryder since you're going to be my wife someday soon. And I didn't used to do girlfriends, flowers, or dates. And then I met you, and that didn't work for you. So I changed for you. And you changed for me too," he said, taking me back in time and keeping me right here in the present, and, looking into his eyes and feeling my lips on his, I felt the future too. It was surreal. The real kind that few people rarely experienced. And here I was, living it. Lifting his lips from mine, he ran his knuckles down my face. "And we worked out something special."

EPILOGUE

"Does this look straight?"

Looking up from the floor where I was folding clothes fresh from the dryer, I studied the picture Jude was balancing on a step stool trying to hang above the fireplace. Above our fireplace.

Sure, it was rented and sat inside a studio sized apartment that was as nice as one would expect an eight hundred dollar a month apartment in New York to be. But it was ours, the place we got to be together in. So it was pretty great.

We'd gotten the keys a couple of days ago and were trying to settle in between classes and football and work, but I knew no matter how long the boxes went unpacked, I'd feel settled as long as Jude was with me.

"No," I said, shifting onto my knees. "It's crooked."

"Damn it," he muttered, pulling the picture off the hook. "I can't get this thing right. I'm starting to think the walls are crooked."

"I'm sure that's it, babe," I said, folding another pair of his boxers. "I'm sure it has nothing to do with your lack of experience hanging pictures."

"If it wasn't a physical impossibility, I'd come over there and show you what your punishment is for teasing me," he said, propping the picture against the fireplace, flashing me a wicked grin.

Grabbing a pair of my own underwear from the pile, I sling-shot them at him.

"I wouldn't exactly call four times in a twenty-four hour period a 'physical impossibility.'"

He snatched my underwear out of the air before they bulls-eyed his face. "Was that a challenge, Luce?"

"That was whatever you wanted to it be," I said as he started my way.

"After you get that picture hung properly, that is," I added, stopping him in his tracks.

"Why can't I just prop the thing up on the mantle?" he asked, his face doing that tortured thing when he was either pouting, lonely, or hav**g s*x delayed. Lifting the picture of the two of us we'd had taken as an engagement picture, right on the beach where we first met, he rested it on the mantle, propping it against the wall behind it. "See? Problem solved."

"Problem not solved," I said, standing up and crossing the room towards him. The studio was small enough it only took me about five steps to cross it. "Look at this thing." I plucked at the crumbling brick mantle. An avalanche of mortar and dust cascaded to the floor. "It could fall apart any day, and our picture along with it."

The skin between his brows creased. "Man, this sucks. The ground even wants to fall out beneath our picture. That's just not fair."

I shoved him and he laughed in amusement. "Since you're having so much fun with this, then do it right. Our picture needs to hang from its rope too just in case the ground falls out beneath it."

"I believe, Luce," he replied, twisting the picture around, "that this is referred to as a wire. Not a rope."

I groaned as he handed me the picture and climbed the step stool again, hammer in hand. "Could you be any more infuriating?"

I knew from experience he could.

"For you, Luce," he said, looking down at me as he repositioned the hook and nail. "I could be whatever you wanted me to be."

"How about quiet and focused until you get that thing right?"

He winked down at me, sealing his lips as he pounded the nail into its new location.

"You know, this whole apartment idea was the most brilliant, foolish thing you've done to date," I said, investigating the room that, to pay for it every month, meant Jude would have to pick up extra hours at the garage. All so we could spend weekends together. No more sharing a room with India or his housemates. This was a place all our own.

He made a face down at me, moving his mouth in silence.

"What?"

"I'm supposed to be quiet and focused right now," he whispered down at me.

I blew out a sigh of exasperation. "How about just focused then?" I said. "Since asking you to be quiet is like some rare form of torture for you."

"Focused," he said, bouncing his brows at me. "I can do focused, Luce."

"Does your mind ever drift from sex?" I swatted his backside.

"Rarely."

"More like never," I muttered.

He grinned his agreement. "So why is the apartment my most brilliant idea ever?"

"Well, Mr. Selective Hearing, it's your most brilliant because we've got our own place, some place where we don't have to tiptoe around other people. Some place we can grow into."

Motioning that he was ready, I handed him the picture.

"It's your most foolish idea because you're paying eight hundred dollars a month for two days a week; it's a two hour drive from my school and a three hour drive from your place. And let's not forget we're a couple of eighteen-year-old college freshman that have moved in together and are engaged."

He looked at me like he always did when I was talking all crazy. "I'm not sure how to respond to that, so how about I just offer a 'you're welcome'?" Hanging the picture on the hook again, he adjusted it, craning his neck from side to side inspecting it.

The damn thing was still crooked.

"Thank you," I said, as he adjusted it again, only making it worse.

"Thank you for what?" he said, his fists balling like he wanted to drive them through the wall in frustration. "Thank you as in a prelude to my 'you're welcome,' or thank you for the most brilliant, foolish thing I've ever done?" He adjusted it to the other side and, in the midst of straightening it, the hook fell right out of the wall in a cloud of drywall dust.

"Damn it!" he hollered, punching the wall.

I checked the picture where it'd fallen on the mantle. The glass hadn't broken. It had survived the fall and its impact.

"Thank you for everything," I said, grabbing his hand.

His fist released instantly, relaxing in my hold. His fingers wove through mine, playing with the gold band circling my ring finger. We hadn't set a date yet, we were only eighteen after all, but we were crazy in love. So maybe we'd wait until we were done with school and do the whole shebang wedding, and maybe we'd wake up tomorrow and couldn't wait to be tied together one final way and run to the closest courthouse to demand a shot gun wedding.

It didn't matter to me either way. I didn't have any doubts any more. Confusion didn't muddy my mind from the truth. But I was glad I'd gone through it all. I had to walk through the fire to see what was on the other side. I had to get burned to know if it was worth it. I had to not only ask myself, but live my life without Jude in it to realize just how much he belonged in it.

"You're welcome," he said, the lines on his face fading away. "Again."

"Third time's a charm?" I said, retrieving the hook where it had fallen on the floor.

He glared at the hardware, snatching it out of my hands and repositioning it on the wall.

"Let's get this thing hung," I said, as he pounded the nail and hook into a new patch of drywall. "We've both got an early morning and a long drive, so we need to get to bed."

In this space of mostly taped up boxes and a few opened ones, the bed had been the priority. The sheets hadn't even made it on after Jude dragged the mattress up a few flights of stairs before we'd christened the studio.

"So help me god," Jude muttered at the wall. "If you don't cooperate, I'm tearing you down."

I smiled, handing him the picture. Nothing like a little "incentive" to get a man focused.

Holding his breath, he settled the wire into the hook and let it hang. Stepping down from the step stool, he grabbed my hand and led me across the room.

Five steps later, he spun us around so we could take in the full effect of the picture. It was still crooked. But less so than the first and second attempts. Maybe he was right - maybe the walls surrounding it were the things that were all askew.

Wrapping his arm around me, he pulled me close. "Perfect," he said, kissing my head.

I glanced up at him, then back at the picture. "Close enough," I said, tucking closer to him. "Close enough for me."

THE END

