CHAPTER ONE

CHASE AND I HOVERED OVER a blindingly beautiful meadow before coming down for a soft landing next to Beau and Spike. They were near the edge of a ring of trees that rimmed the grassy area and appeared to be deep in conversation, but they immediately stopped talking to acknowledge our arrival. Chase put me down on my feet and stepped away.

"Hey," said Spike, a cautious smile exposing a hint of teeth. "All better now?"

I dropped my backpack to the ground and cleared my throat, trying to move past the awkwardness that was making my throat close up a little. "Yeah. Back to the old me." It was like I didn't even know Spike anymore, now that I knew him too well. The flippant answer he'd probably been expecting from me wouldn't come to my lips. All of our casual ease with one another was simply gone as I realized the cute, tattooed guy standing before me could be the one other person on earth besides Tony who truly cared for me, no matter what. That was some powerful shit, and apparently, my body had a mind of its own. Not only could I not come up with the awesome retort I should have, sweat was beading up under my nose and in my armpits. Great. I'm going to be running around the Overworld with B.O. I reached up casually to wipe my lip off, fake coughing to cover my attempts at trying to get my equilibrium back.

"Good," he said. "I was starting to think our trip was over before it even really started."

"No such luck. You're stuck dragon-hunting with me." And Ben-hunting too, but that's a whole other animal I haven't yet decided how to deal with. I looked over at Beau. "So, are you our escort now or what? You said if I could get us here, you'd help us out."

He nodded once, saying nothing - his usual mode of communication.

"Awesome," said Spike. He rubbed his hands together. "So where to first?" He looked from Beau to Chase and then me.

"I need to either find our friends or a dragon," I said.

"They are not in the same place," said Beau.

I looked over at Chase. "What should we do?"

Chase spoke only to me, Spike not even part of his equation. "I can't be involved in what you do here. I have to go. I'm sorry." His wings opened in preparation for flight again, the expression on his face impossible to read.

I shrugged, trying hard to feel okay with it. He'd made himself clear, and for the first time in my life, I didn't feel like fighting something that wasn't my idea. It made zero sense to my heart, but at the same time, it just felt right to let him go. An annoying expression my mom used to say flitted across my memory, something about letting things go to find out if they're truly yours or whatever. It was frightening to think my mother's wisdom was guiding my life right now. Shit was bad. But at least I knew there was an angel out there somewhere who cared about what happened to me. That was way better than nobody caring at all.

"When will I see you again?" I asked, telling myself that whatever his answer was, I was going to be cool with it.

"I can't say. Whenever you're finished doing what you need to do in the Here and Now. Could be a decade or five thousand years, it's out of my hands."

I nodded, not trusting myself to speak.

"Well, dude, it was nice knowing ya," said Spike, holding out his fist.

Chase bumped it with his. "Take care of her," he said.

"Til my dying day," said Spike. "Or until she tells me to get the hell away and stay the hell away." He flashed his crazy-sexy teeth at me, making my heart skip a beat.

"Not gonna happen," I said, risking a smile in return. My lip trembled a bit, but my heart felt lighter already. I looked over at my guardian angel, noticing it didn't hurt quite so much this time to see his imposing figure standing there, ready to leave me for the final time. "See ya, Chase. Hopefully much later rather than sooner." And I meant it. I was no longer eager to end my days in the Here and Now just so I could be with him again. I had a life to live, fae to take care of, and cuss words to invent - and I was pretty sure that last item was frowned on here.

Chase nodded before opening up his wings the rest of the way and stroking them down once hard, launching himself up into the air where he soon joined the other angels zooming in and out of the clouds above our heads.

"That is some crazy you-know-what," said Spike, watching Chase's form disappear into the distance, getting smaller and smaller with each passing second until we couldn't see him anymore.

"Yeah. You aren't kidding." I expected to feel empty at his departure, but instead, my heart felt full and light.

Spike looked at me. "Can you believe we thought he was some dude from Maryland?"

I laughed as the irony hit me. "Hey, that's funny. Get it? Maryland? Merry-land? Happy place? Heaven? Overworld?"

Spike shook his head. "Do you think that was intentional? If so, that guy's got a messed up sense of humor."

"These angels are tricky; you can't trust 'em," I said, sparing a glance for our silent escort who was staring off into the trees, probably ignoring me.

Spike looked over at him and raised his eyebrows at me, but said nothing.

"So where to, Beau?" I asked.

He had stopped staring at the trees and now was looking at the sky off in the distance. "I cannot give you advice. I am only here to guide you to where you want to go; but I advise you to get out of this area as soon as possible."

Something in his tone made the words even more ominous than they already were. "Why?"

"Because you aren't supposed to be here." His eyes were glued to a spot in the sky where a couple of dark specks could be seen amongst the fluffy clouds. They were getting bigger by the second.

"Soooo ... we're like breaking a rule? What's that mean? Are we going to get arrested? Put in an Overworld prison?"

"Not exactly," he said, distractedly.

Spike and I exchanged looks, and he appeared to be as concerned as I was at this point.

"Jayne?" asked the angel, still looking at the sky.

"Yeah?"

"Run."

My heart surged and the sound of my own blood pumping through my veins flooded my ears. "What?" I said in a strangled voice, praying that I'd mis-heard him.

"Run. For the trees. Now!" Beau's wings opened in a rush of wind and sound as he turned his back to us and launched himself into the air.

I had no time to think before Spike had grabbed our backpacks and my hand and began dragging me towards the dark forest. My brain finally kicked in and sent the signal to my feel to start moving before whatever scares the shit out of an angel came to eat me.

"What is it?" I screeched at Spike as we sprinted for the trees.

"I have no idea," he said breathlessly, "an angel tells me to run, I run."

"Why aren't you going faster?" I asked, wondering why he wasn't using his supersonic incubus speed to get us the hell out of there.

"Don't know. Can't," was all he could manage. He was huffing and puffing as much as I was.

We made it to the edge of the trees before the first sounds of awfulness hit my ears. I turned in time to see two angels with huge black wings crashing into Beau in midair.

"Don't yell!" urged Spike desperately, drawing my attention away from them and back to our escape. "I think we'd better try to get out of here without them seeing us! I don't think they're friends." He pulled me deeper into the trees, still running but now slowed by all the fallen branches and hidden dips and lumps under the dead leaves.

"I think it's too late for that," I wheezed, trying to keep up with him. He might not have had his super-speed here, but that didn't mean he was slow. I had to struggle to stay with him, the only thing keeping me from being left in the dust the fact that he was holding onto my hand with an iron grip.

"Yeah, well, I have no idea how good their tracking skills are in the woods, but they can't fly here," he said. "Trees are too thick."

"Let's hope so," I said, grabbing my backpack from Spike and throwing it over my shoulder without breaking stride.

The forest quickly got darker, the trees growing closer together and their branches heavier with leaves. The temperature dropped considerably, but it wasn't unwelcome since I was sweating my butt off and still hoping B.O. wasn't in my near future. I cared whether I was going to offend the sensibilities of my dragon-hunting partner, which told me a lot about how my feelings were changing towards him. But there was no time to ponder that development, since something awful was happening, and I had no friggin idea where we were or where we were headed, only that bad things were trying to off my angel guide.

"Ah-uh-ah-uh-ah-uh-ahhhh!"

I stopped in mid-stride, my breath coming in gasps, spinning around to see what or who was following me.

Spike kept going which ended up jerking my arm hard in his direction. If our hands hadn't come apart from the force, I would have done a face-plant into the dirt for sure.

"What'd you stop for?" he asked, freezing three paces away, his breath coming in gasps.

"Didn't you hear that?" I asked, desperately searching the nearby area for my pursuer.

"Hear what?"

"That ... thing ... yelling!" I couldn't identify anything nearby that could have made that sound, since I knew it wasn't coming from me, and Spike had been in front of me the whole time.

He shook his head. "No. The only thing I can hear is us gasping for air."

"Uhhhh ... momma ... ," came the voice again.

I spun around once more, looking at the ground for the small fae that I knew must be there.

Spike laughed absently. "What are you doing? Is that a new dance? The panic dance?"

"No, idiot, what was that?" The thought that I might actually be going crazy crossed my mind. Hearing voices in my head had never brought good news into my life.

"What was what?" He ran his hand through his hair in frustration. "Come on, Jayne, stop messing around. We have to get out of here."

I walked over and grabbed Spike by the upper arms and stared into his eyes. "I am not f**king around. Something is here, and it keeps sneaking up behind me and moaning."

Spikes eyes opened wide, and then he leaned towards me, peeking over my shoulder to look behind my back.

I turned my head to look with him, afraid of what I'd see standing there.

Spike stood straight again and blinked twice before smiling and whispering, "There's nothing there except your backpack."

"Momma! Momma! Papa! I want my mommaaaaaaaaa!!" came a wail from behind me again.

I grabbed the strap of my bag and whipped the thing off my back, leaving it to dangle between us.

"Please tell me you heard that, Spike."

He laughed. "You are seriously losing it. The only thing talking here is you and me."

"Oh no, oh no, oh NO!" I babbled, in full freak-out mode now. "This cannot be happening, no friggin way can this possibly be happening!"

"What? What's happening?" asked Spike, bemused by my seemingly unbalanced behavior.

I was praying I was not going to find what I thought I was going to find in my backpack. I hurriedly unzipped the various pockets, reaching my hand in carefully to each one. As I came up empty in the first and second places I checked, my heart began to return to its normal rhythm; but in the last pocket, when I touched something soft that shouldn't have been in there, my heart sank all the way down to my toes. "Oh f**k me sideways." My jaw dropped open and cocked to the side as the realization hit me.

"What?" asked Spike, squatting down next to me.

"You are not going to f**king believe this," I said, shaking my head slowly, feeling the movements inside my bag that told me my little passenger was climbing on board.

I pulled my hand out of the pocket and held it out in front of me, bringing it up so that it rested directly between Spike's face and mine. "Say hello to our hitchhiker."

The tiny baby pixie, barely bigger than a largish bumblebee, sat up in my hand, his hair sticking out in every direction. "Hello, Lellamental!" he said in a cheery voice. "Where's my momma?"

Spike's eyes almost fell out of his head. "Holy crap ... is that ... ?"

I nodded, unable to speak over the horror of it.

"Oh, dude ... you are in so much trouble," he said in a hushed tone.

I shook my head, trying to imagine the reaction of Abby and Tim to the fact that their child was with me hunting dragons in the Otherworlds and on the run from some mean angels intent on kicking our guide's ass and maybe ours too. It was too awful to contemplate, so I shut it down immediately.

"Willy, what in the ... umm ... heck are you doing in my backpack?"

"I'm-a find a dragon."

My head would not sit still, slowly moving left and right trying to deny the situation. "No, you're not, Willy. You were supposed to stay with your momma and papa in the garden."

"No. I don't wanna." He stood up, his pants falling down in the back a little to reveal his tiny butt crack. "I'm goin' wif you, Lellamental. I'm-a find a dragon and I'm-a go in his nose, and I'm-a play polly balls with him." He nodded his head once for emphasis.

"What'd he say?" asked Spike, staring intently at the little winged rebel in my hand.

I looked at Spike meaningfully once before responding to Willy. "No, you're not. You are not going to find a dragon or stick shit up in his nose."

"Dat's a bad word. Shit. My momma says."

I sighed heavily. "Yeah. It is a bad word. Don't say it."

"But you did."

"Yeah, well, I'm older."

"If you're older it isn't a bad word anymore?" he asked, tilting his head to the side.

"No, it's still a bad word when you're older."

"Then you can't say it. Momma says. 'N if you do say it, that big man has to wash your mouth out with ladybug pee. Momma says dat too."

"Well your momma can ..."

Spike grabbed my arm. "Uh, Jayne ... not sure you want to go there. I'm not exactly sure what the little guy's saying, but I can see you getting feisty, and we have a problem bigger than your colorful language to deal with right now."

I smiled in spite of my frustration. "Colorful language. I like that."

"Good. Now let's get the heck out of here."

I stood back up, cupping my hand around the pain in the ass pixie. "That wasn't very colorful, Spike. I like hell better."

"Yeah, I know. I'll leave the color to you. I'll just bring the music."

My heart filled with something that felt suspiciously like joy. "Color and music. We make a good team."

He flashed me one of his sneaky, sexy smiles. "Yeah, we do. Come on."

He grabbed my backpack, zipped up the pockets, and held it out for me to put on my back.

I slipped into the straps, asking, "Where to now?"

"I don't know. Away from that meadow seems as good an idea as anything else at this point."

"I'm hungry," said Willy.

I started walking behind Spike who was doing his best to move branches and other obstacles out of my way, now that my attention was partially taken by the pest in my hand. "Too bad. I don't have any food for you right now."

"Dat's not very nice, Lellamental. My momma never says too bad. She gives me food."

"Well, I'm not your momma, and you're not supposed to be here." I followed Spike, trying to make Willy's ride as comfortable as possible. I was so distracted, I didn't notice how upset he was until the wailing began.

"Waaaahhh ... I want my mommaaaa!!"

I lifted him up to eye-level as I walked. "Stop crying, Willy, there's nothing I can do."

"You're mean! I want my mommmaaaaa! I want my papaaaa!"

I stopped.

Spike realized I wasn't following anymore and stopped too. "What's up?"

"The pixie is hungry," I said, staring at his red face and the tears coursing down his cheeks.

"Yeah! Da pixie is hungry!" screeched Willy, glaring at me.

"He looks pissed," said Spike staring down at him.

"Pissed!" yelled Willy.

I rolled my eyes. "Don't give him any more ammo like that. We'll all end up getting our mouths washed out with ladybug pee."

Spike laughed and then stopped when he realized I wasn't laughing with him. "Are you serious?"

"Apparently it's the pixie version of soap."

"Daaamn. That pixie lady is serious."

"You're telling me." I turned my attention back to the unhappy baby in my hand. "Okay, Willy. Tell me what you like to eat, and I'll try to find some."

"Fruit!" he said, brightening up immediately.

I held my hand up higher so he could see around us. "Do you see any fruit here?"

Willy looked around, falling down twice in his efforts before finally facing me again. "No," he said, ready to start crying again.

"Me neither. But if I see any, I'll get it for you, okay?"

He nodded, absently sticking his finger up his nose.

"Listen, little dude ... you can't pick your nose when you're with me."

"How come?" he asked, his finger not moving.

"Because it's gross."

"Why?"

"Because it is."

"Why?"

I sighed heavily, looking over at Spike. "This is going to be a long friggin trip."

He smiled. "Yeah. I got that."

I nudged his arm. "Come on. And keep your eyes out for fruit."

"Fruit?" he asked, sounding like he wasn't sure he'd heard right.

"Yeah, fruit. The kid is hungry, and that's what he eats."

"Okaaaay, then," said Spike.

I knew exactly what he was thinking. Where in the hell are we going to find fruit in the Overworld?

CHAPTER TWO

THE TREES BEGAN TO THIN, and eventually we reached a spot where we could see sky again between some of their branches. It was still full of gorgeous colors and not the normal blue like at home, but there weren't any of the angels flying around in the clouds that I could see.

"Why are we stopping?" I asked.

Spike stood in place, surveying the area around us. "I don't know. I'm just not sure where to go at this point, and I don't know how much farther we should go without some sort of plan."

"Did you bring any food or water with you?" I asked, kicking myself in the butt mentally for not even considering my most basic needs. How could I have been so stupid? I really needed to start thinking a little bit more before acting. Aidan had probably put that stuff in his bag, but his brilliance was doing nothing for me right now.

"Yeah, I've got water and a few snacks, but they're not going to last long," he said, unzipping his bag and pulling out a canteen.

"Hey! Like a real camping canteen," I said, for some reason delighted over the fact that we looked like pioneers or something.

"Yeah," he said smiling like a little kid. "My brownie kicks butt."

I took a small sip and offered a few drops to Willy out of the cap. Spike took a drink too and then put it back in his bag.

I looked around the area where we were and the place ahead of us that looked a lot lighter - as if the trees were spaced farther apart. I urged Spike forward with a lift of my chin. "Let's go over there and see what that is."

Spike nodded, taking my hand and moving in that direction. I held baby bee up in front of me so he could watch where we were going. My hand stayed in a fist, and he sat in the hole in the very top of it, using my curled forefinger and thumb to support most of his body with his tiny hands.

"Wow, this place is pretty-pretty-pretty. Where are we going? Where's Momma and Papa?"

"This is the Overworld, Willy, and we're going to find a dragon or some fae who can bring you home where Momma and Papa are probably waiting for you with an army of rescue fae called in to find your tiny butt."

He turned to look at me, frowning. "Am I gonna be in trouble?"

"Uh, yeah. Probably."

"Momma's gonna probably let Papa spank me, huh?"

"I hope so."

He slapped my finger. "Dat's not nice, Lellamental! Don't say dat!"

I shrugged. "Sorry, little dude, but you kind of deserve it. Do you have any idea how worried your parents must be right now?"

"Uh, Jayne, are you sure that's the best conversation to be having with him right now?" cautioned Spike.

"What? Why?"

The wailing started again before Spike could answer.

"Waaaahhaaahaaahaaaa!! I want my mommaaaaa!!"

I growled at my own stupidity. "Grrrr - come on! Shit. I'm sorry, Willy. Listen ... your momma's not going to spank you and neither is your papa. They're going to be so happy to see you in one piece they'll just cover you in kisses."

"And honey?" he asked, his crying stopping immediately.

"Sounds kind of kinky to me, but if you say so," I said, laughing a little.

"What's kinky mean?" Willy asked.

I rolled my eyes. "Never mind. Just ... think about all the polly balls your momma will give you when you get home."

"Okay." He paused for a second and then said, "Lellamental?"

"Yeah?"

"I'm hungry."

"Yeah, I know you're hungry."

"It's kinky to be hungry."

"No, it's not kinky to be hungry. Stop saying that word."

"Kinky, kinky, kinky," he said, his finger up his nose again.

Spike snickered. "I think the first thing we have to do is find the little dude some food."

"I second that motion," I said, moving towards the opening in the trees again. "The sooner the better. And maybe some earplugs, too. Either for him or us, I don't care."

We arrived at our destination a few minutes later, most of our journey made to the sound of Willy's new song, most aptly titled, "Kinky Bee Honey Bee." A light breeze was blowing through the trees, pushing the clouds overhead faster than the ones we'd seen over the meadow. A buzzing came to my ears from a distance but soon got louder and louder, reminding me of Tim.

"Papa!" yelled Willy. He struggled to get free of my fist. "Papa's here!"

"No, you're not going anywhere, troublemaker. Stay with me. That's not your papa." I knew his buzzing frequency, and this wasn't it. Lord knows I'd heard it in my ear often enough.

Spike moved closer, putting his arm around me to pull me to his side. "Just hang tight. We don't know what this thing might be or what it wants."

A second after he said that, I saw something coming straight for us from between some trees. It was like a pixie, only ... brighter.

Whatever it was, it zoomed up to us and started circling our heads, round and round and round, weaving a trail of sparkling light that floated around us like filaments made of diamonds or crystalline snow. They slowly dropped lower and lower until they surrounded our bodies like tiny lassos. The bright pixie hovered in place for a few seconds before buzzing away, quickly disappearing into the trees behind us.

"Whoooaaaa, dat's soooo prettyyyyy," said Willy, ceasing his struggles and staring in rapture at the light show. He reached out to touch one of the filaments, but pulled his hand back quickly once he made contact. "Owie! Pricks! Mean!"

I reached out tentatively to touch one, but it disintegrated before our eyes. I felt nothing. I looked over at Spike and watched as he did the same; only when he made contact, he jerked his hand back too.

"Youch! Damn, that hurts like a mother fuu .... dger." He shook his hand out as he glanced at Willy, being careful not to touch the other filaments that still surrounded him.

I took a deep, calming breath and slowly reached out again to touch the ones still floating around me, wondering if I'd just gotten lucky the first time and was about to get the crap shocked out of me too. But as soon as my finger made contact with the strings, they all just fell away; and I felt nothing at all in the process. "Why don't they hurt me?" I asked, looking at my finger to see if there was any evidence of pain maybe I'd missed there.

"I don't know," said Spike, frowning. "Come over here and try mine."

I stepped closer to the filaments surrounding Spike and touched them. Each disappeared as soon as my finger intersected with their light.

"Did it hurt? Like a prick or a spark or anything?" Spike asked.

"Nope. Nothing at all."

"Huh," he said, looking down at his finger.

"Is there a mark on your hand?"

He shook his head. "Just a little red spot, maybe." He held up his finger for my inspection and confirmation. Sure enough, there was something there. It looked like a welt or a burn mark.

"Willy, do you have a boo-boo on your hand where you touched the bad light?" I asked.

He had the finger in his mouth and just shook his head no.

"Can I see?" I asked.

He shook his head no again.

I sighed. This kid stuff was not easy. I didn't have the patience for it, and was quickly gaining a lot of respect for Abby that I probably should have had for her all along. "Please?" I asked in the sweetest voice I was capable of using at that point.

He popped his finger out of his mouth and held it up for my inspection, saying nothing but looking as forlorn as a baby pixie could.

I squinted as hard as possible, but try as I might, it was impossible for me to see something that tiny. "I can't see it. Your finger's too little."

He examined it himself, saying, "It's red and it hurts and I don't like dat mean pixie lady," before sticking it back in his mouth.

I turned to follow the flight path of the now absent prickly-light-spinner. "Well, she's gone, at least for now. And for the record, I don't like her either."

"Make that three thumbs down for the wench with the light-web coming out of her tail." Spike tugged on my sleeve. "Come on. Let's keep moving."

"Where are we going?" I asked.

"In the direction she came from."

"Why there?" It seemed like asking for trouble to me.

Spike shrugged. "My logic probably sucks, but since she's now on my bad-guy list, and she came from there in a hurry, maybe it means her enemies are that way."

"But what if she was leaving her house? Or her compound? And it's full of web-spinners?" I asked, freaking out about the possibility of more than one of them coming after us. I wasn't sure if my light cutting skills were permanent or just a fluke.

"Then we're screwed." Spike stopped walking. "Do you have any other ideas?"

"No. But I'd like to talk about why I was able to make those things disappear and you were hurt by them."

"You're an elemental," Spike offered, shrugging, as if that explained everything.

I laughed. "That's it? That's the reason? Why does that make a difference?"

"How am I supposed to know? I'm just a simple incubus. But it's my theory, and I'm sticking to it."

I put my arm through his and began dragging him in the direction he'd suggested. "I love that you're not a man of science." I was grinning like a fool.

"Why?" he asked, joining me in my happy-fest with a smile of his own.

"Because, I already have one of those in my life. Tony."

"And now you have me in your life too, is that what you're saying?"

I squeezed his arm harder, not looking at him. "Hells yeah, I do. Assuming you still want to be in it."

He leaned in and gave me a quick, chaste kiss on the cheek. "There's no place I'd rather be."

Willy started pumping his little body up and down in my fist, doing some sort of nutty pixie dance. "Hells yeah! Hells yeah! Hells yeah!"

I laughed. "You do realize we just taught the little turd another bad word, right?"

"We're probably going to make it out of here only to get pixelated by his parents when we get home," said Spike.

"Probably," I agreed, looking down to make sure I didn't trip and add squished pixie baby to my list of infractions.

My next thought was interrupted by the sound of an angry man grunting and yelling, and the distinct swishing and crunching that I knew to be someone running through the leaves and grasses in our direction.

CHAPTER THREE

MY MIND WENT BLANK, AND I turned to look at Spike in a panic, hoping he'd have a plan.

"Quick!" he said. "Hide!" He grabbed my free hand, looking left and right.

"Where?!" I asked, desperately searching for some cover and only seeing trees too narrow to disguise all of us together.

"You go there," he said, pointing to a nearby tree before he took off running to another, bigger one about ten feet away.

I jumped to follow his command, whispering to Willy as I went. "Be quiet, Willy! Don't say anything!"

"Why?" he said, sounding like he was going to cry again.

"Because I'll have to put you in my backpack again if you do."

"I'll tell my momma on you."

"Go for it," I whispered hoarsely. "And I'll tell her you went in there when you weren't supposed to, and you'll get that ladybug pee treatment for sure."

"Huh-uh," he said, "you only get ladybug pee for bad words. You get stink flowers for doing bad-boy stuff."

I shook my head, my imagination cooking up all kinds of images at that explanation; but we didn't have time for my pixie discipline education right now. "Fine. I'll give you the stink flower if you don't shush right now!" I glanced down at him to make sure he knew how serious I was.

Willy stuck his tongue out at me, but didn't say anything else, thank goodness, because just as he finished arguing with me, a super pissed-off dwarf stopped next to our tree with a big friggin axe in his hand, held out like he was about to chop off some kneecaps any second.

I tried not to breathe too loudly, forcing myself to control my pulse and shaking body. Last thing I needed to do was freak this baby pixie out with my panic and send him into a flightpath of death. I was barely hanging onto him as it was - for some reason he had ants in his pants - and his struggling was going to be successful at winning his freedom if he kept it up. I couldn't move my other hand over to get a better hold on him and not call attention to myself with the noise.

The heavily-armed dwarf stopped not five feet from my tree and looked around with narrowed eyes, making me desperately want to move around the trunk some more before he saw me; but it was too late to do that now. If I tried to take even a single step, he'd hear me.

He sniffed the air, drawing his head left and right slowly, lifting his chin as his gaze was nearly to the spot where we were hiding. "Who is there?!" he growled in some sort of Irish- or Scottish-sounding brogue. He turned quickly the rest of the way to face me, catching my eye before I could pull my head back out of sight.

I gave up with the weak-ass hiding crap and lifted my hand in a lame gesture of greeting. "Uh, hi. It's just me." I stepped out farther so he could see I was without any serious weapons, or at least anything that looked like one. I was pretty sure my dragon fang would be no better than a stick here, just like it had been in the Underworld, so hopefully he wouldn't see it as a threat. "I don't mean you any harm, I'm just ... uh ... passing through."

"Who's that?" asked Willy. "Is dat Niles? Dat looks like Niles. Hi, Niles! Hi, Niles! I see you, Niles! Can you see me, Niles?"

I so badly wanted to shush the little punk, but I was afraid to call attention to him in front of this guy. Maybe he'd turn out to be a pixie hater, and then we'd be sunk.

"And who would you be, then, lass?" he demanded, throwing his axe casually from his left hand to his right without even looking at it.

"I would be Jayne, from ... uhhh ... Florida in the Here and Now. Just here in the Overworld for a little while to find some friends and then leave."

He seemed stumped by that, his eyes so narrowed at this point they were nearly closed. "Does me hearing fail me just now or did ya say yer from the Here and Now, and ya be expecting to go back there?"

"Uh, yeah. I'm just here on a ... field trip. You know. Hang out. See the sights a little. Then go back."

He laughed once. Then once again. And soon was in the throes of a complete happy-seizure, bending in half as he held his stomach.

I wasn't sure why, but I found it kind of annoying. He was making me feel really stupid. I put my hands on my hips, poor Willy riding all the way down in my left fist. "I don't see what's so funny about any of that, but whatever. Can you tell me where the dragons hang out please?"

"Whoa! Lellamental! That's fun," yelled a way-too-excited Willy from down at my waist. "Do it again! Up! Up!"

I flapped my arms up and down a few times to keep him happy, never taking my eyes off the dwarf. Willy giggled his little butt off, even shrieking occasionally with joy. I tried not to smile at it because I wasn't sure the dwarf would appreciate the fact that I was currently acting as an amusement park ride, while at the same time trying to be a serious diplomat or ambassador from another realm or whatever. I probably looked like a lunatic chicken, but I much preferred a happy, entertained baby pixie to a cranky bored one.

The dwarf stopped laughing and stared at me with his mouth hanging open, an errant couple of chuckles bubbling up once in a while. He ignored them in favor of examining my face. "Are ye jokin' then?" He frowned at my arms going up and down then and said, "Ya don't have any proper wings, so ya can stop the flappin' nonsense. Ya be as tied to the ground as I."

"No, I'm not joking." I stepped out completely from behind the tree, ceasing my crazy chicken act. "I'm not trying to fly either. I'm just passing through, and I don't know this area very well, so I'd appreciate some directions."

Willy started bouncing around in my hand. "Up and down! Up and down! Up and down! Do it, Lellamental! Do it!"

"I think ye'd appreciate a new head for yer shoulders too, if I don't miss me guess."

"Say what now?" I wasn't sure if he'd just issued a threat or delivered a very sly insult, and I was distracted by the very insistent pixie in my hand. This dwarf's expression told me nothing other than the fact that he wasn't that thrilled about seeing me or, apparently, helping me out.

He snorted. "I heard we have some problems with things slippin' through the cracks, but this takes the kettle and turns it on its rim, now don't it?"

"Are you asking me or telling me?" I said, my voice completely without humor. I was fairly certain that last comment had been an insult.

Willy's little voice broke through the conversation again. "Do-wit, do-wit, do-wit. Lellamental! Do it! I gotta pee though!"

The dwarf started talking again, pulling my attention away from the pixie once more. "Yer supposed to enter this realm with none o' yer baggage from the Here and Now. What happened to ya, then, if ya didn't slip through the cracks, as I strongly suspect ya did?"

"Listen old man, whatever baggage you're talking about doesn't matter. I told you, I don't belong here. I'm not living here, okay? I'm just passing through."

"I gotta pee really bad!" yelled Willy, struggling to break free from his prison.

The dwarf tightened his grip on his axe and held it up menacingly, causing me to take a step back in fear. "Ah ha! Another demon thinkin' she can come to my realm and try to force her dirty hide on my brothers and sisters! Never!" he yelled, acting like he was about to throw the weapon at me and possibly cut me in half in the process.

I blinked several times rapidly, frozen in place over the realization that I was about to be axed by a dwarf not even one day into my mission. I totally sucked at dragon-hunting. No wonder I was left off the list. I should have given Tony way more credit. Chess club strikes again.

"Wait!" came a voice from over my shoulder. "Stop!"

Spike to the rescue. I sighed with relief, and at the same time felt terrible that he had revealed himself for my sorry butt.

"She's not from the Underworld! She's the Mother of the fae!" Spike's voice trembled a bit but not with fear. He was running and tripping over to us from the tree where he'd been hiding, causing his words to come out in a tumble.

"What's this, then?!" yelled the dwarf, taking a step back and spreading his legs when he stopped. I recognized it for the battle stance that it was. Little guy was getting ready to take us both out at the same time if necessary. I had to respect his bravado if nothing else. He totally reminded me of Niles. Willy was right.

"I. Got. To. Pee, Lellamental. Pee-pee!" came the tiny, frustrated voice from my hand.

"Shush!" I urged quietly, looking down at my hand as casually as I could, using Spike's approach to mask my turning partially away so the dwarf wouldn't see what I was doing. "Just wait!"

Spike reached my side and held up his hands in a gesture of peace. "We're not demons; we're not even angels. She's telling the truth. We're just here to find our friends, talk to a dragon, and then leave. That's it. We swear." He crossed his heart with his finger.

The dwarf poked his axe in the direction of Spike's chest. "What's that yer doin' there? Puttin' an evil hex on me? It won't work, demon! I'm protected from yer spells!"

Spike frowned and looked at me for direction. I mocked the crossing the heart thing and rolled my eyes.

"Oh, this?" Spike held up his forefinger. "No, I'm just ... where I come from that's like a guarantee. It means I'm not lying."

"And if ye are?" he asked suspiciously. "What happens to ye then?"

"I hope to die."

"And why in the bloody hell would ye do that?" The dwarf slowly lowered the axe to his side, waiting for Spike's response, which he obviously thought would be the answer of a lunatic.

"So that you'll know I'm telling the truth."

"Senseless." The dwarf had made his judgment, apparently.

"Yeah, I guess it is. But I'm telling the truth." Spike shrugged, at a loss.

I shook my head. This was getting us nowhere. "Yeah, so he's telling the truth, I'm telling the truth, and now it's your turn. Who are you and what are you doing here?"

The dwarf puffed out his chest. "I am Triden, son of Alden, grandson of Marsden, great grandson of Helden, great great grandson of Barden, great great ..."

I cut him off. "Okay, so Triden was it?"

He nodded once, looking a little lost at not being able to finish his family tree.

"So, you sound pretty important with all that family history and stuff. And what are you doing out here?" I asked, gesturing around us.

"I am charged with pest control."

Spike and I exchanged looks before I responded with, "Pest control?"

"Yes. Eliminating or driving away the pesky creatures that live to enrage the guardians. We've had a rash of them lately, ya see, and it be my job to take care o' the problem."

"Would those critters happen to have prickly light webs coming out of their butts?" I asked.

He bristled. "You've seen them? Where?" He turned his head rapidly left and right. "Show me!"

"One went that way a little while ago after trying to web the both of us," said Spike, pointing to our left.

The dwarf looked at us suspiciously. "Ya haven't been ensnared, I can well see that. Do ya take me for a fool?" The axe came up again.

"No. It's true," I assured him. "They didn't work on me. They worked on my friends ... I mean, my friend, but not me."

"Friends?" The dwarf looked around us once more, spinning to see what was behind him before facing us again. "Who else is here?" he asked, taking another step back from us.

I figured we'd be much better off trying to remove any suspicion from his mind, so I lifted up my fist. "Here's the only other fae with us today, okay? His name is Willy, and I'd love to let him go so you can see him better, but he'll probably get lost, and his mother would kill me if that happened."

The dwarf squinted at me like he needed glasses and took several steps towards us, his eyes opening wider and wider as he got closer and closer. "Is that a ... "

"Yeah. It's a baby pixie," I confirmed.

"I'm nodda baby!" yelled Willy, twisting around to glare at me. "I'm a big-boy fae! Daddy says so!"

"That be a baby pixie?" said the dwarf, disbelief coloring his voice. "Ya have a baby pixie here?"

"Yes. He kind of snuck on board the train if you know what I mean."

The dwarf sniffed.

I stared hard at him, not sure I was seeing what was standing right in front of me.

The dwarf sniffed again and then wiped the corner of his eye, his breath hitching.

"Dude," said Spike, "are you crying?" He laughed uncomfortably, looking to me for an explanation that I sure as hell didn't have.

"It is such a sad, sad thing to me," said the dwarf in a weepy voice. "Even after an eon here, I still ...," his voice caught, "...to see such a wee lad gettin' only a short span in the Here and Now before he has to wait another eon for a second go. Such a rotten shame ... " He wiped away the tear that had spilled from the outside corner of his eye.

I held the pixie up closer to me, trying to figure out what the heck the dwarf was talking about, but Willy looked fine to me. "He's perfectly healthy," I said. "There's nothing wrong with this little guy that a little ladybug pee won't fix."

"No! No, Lellamental. No ladybug pee. It's yucky. I don't like it!" Willy was struggling to get free again.

"What do ya mean there?" asked the dwarf, sounding a little less sad.

"I mean, as we've already said, like ten times now, we are not from here. We are not staying here. We're just here on a mission - like a military mission."

"And who is your commander?" The dwarf straightened up, losing the lame-ass weepy voice, now that we were apparently speaking his language.

"The fae council and ... Beau the angel. And Chase. And Shayla ... all of them are in Silver House or something."

"And you say you are Jayne?"

"Yes."

"And where are your commanders now?"

"The fae are in the Here and Now, and Beau is, ummm, battling some creatures back there somewhere." I jerked my thumb in the direction we came from. "I have no idea where the other two are. Chase had to leave."

"I am acquainted with these angel-guardians," he said in a scoffing tone, "but I cannot believe anyone with any sense would send children and babies on dangerous missions such as you've suggested. It doesn't bear thinking about." He snorted at the very idea.

I sighed heavily, taking Spike's arm and squeezing it gently because I knew he was about to spend another ten minutes trying to convince this hard-headed air bag that we were telling the truth and needed his help; and we didn't have time for that. It was time to cut to the chase, since we didn't know what the hell was after us and where the hell we were going.

I threw my shoulders back and stood as straight as I could. "Okay, listen up, old man ... I'm tired of this conversation. You either need to tell us where we should go to find a friggin dragon or get the hell out of our way, because we're done here."

The dwarf leaned his axe against his leg and crossed his arms, drawing one of his hands up to stroke his bearded chin. "Well, certainly I know of dragons ... but not the breed yer seeking in particular."

I was encouraged by his easy acceptance of my ultimatum. Now we were finally getting somewhere. "I didn't mention any specific breed. Any dragon is fine."

"Yes, ya did," said the dwarf, dropping his hand and frowning.

"No, I didn't!" I yelled, throwing my arms up, wondering if we might be dealing with a mentally ill dwarf at this point.

"We have only guardian dragons here. Not ... freggon dragons, I believe ya called them. What is a freggon dragon, by the by? Do they breathe fire like the guardians? Same size and whatnot?"

Spike snorted, but quickly tried to cover it up with a cough. "Uh-hem ... dry throat. Sorry." He took his canteen out of his bag and had a sip before putting it back.

I glared at him as he went through the motions before turning my attention back to the dwarf. "You misunderstood me. I'm just looking for a guardian dragon, not a friggin dragon. Can you tell us where one is or not?"

"If ya'd told me from the beginnin' that ya wanted a guardian dragon and not thrown me off with the whole freggon dragon - which I doubt very highly even exists because I'm well-acquainted with all of the dragons in these parts, and I've never heard of it - ya could have saved us both a lot o' trouble."

I clenched my teeth together, willing myself not to lose my cool or unleash the string of cuss words that were banging on the door to come out. Focus. Get the dragon on board, get the hell out of this realm. And do not piss off the locals.

"Well, I'm sorry about that," I said as diplomatically as possible. "I hope I didn't delay you too much. If you could just point us in the right direction, we'll get out of your hair." And hurry up about it before I'm tempted to strangle you more than I already want to.

"Ya said you were on a mission."

I nodded once. "Yes. I did. And we are."

"A journey of sorts. To find a dragon."

"Yes." Now, finally, we understand each other. Jesus H. on a friggin stick, why does this have to be so difficult?!

"Giorraionn beirt bothar," he said, nodding sagely, now leaning on his axe.

"Okaaaaay ... ," I said, wondering if he'd just put a hex on me or maybe given me directions to the nearest dragon nest. It was impossible to tell by his expression, most of it hidden behind a thick, gray beard.

"I will not tell you where to find a dragon," he said, smiling now.

"Why not?" I asked, getting pissed all over again and wondering why the jerk was acting so happy about not being helpful at all.

"Because, as I said, a journey is better when shared with companions. I will take you to the dragon."

"Oh," I said, partially mollified and mostly confused. "Okay, then. I guess that works."

"Yeah, man. That's cool. Thanks," said Spike, sounding genuinely happy. Apparently he wasn't worried about dealing with a lunatic battle-ready dwarf like I was.

"Ya say the pixie went that way, did ya?" he asked Spike.

"What pixie?" Spike looked at Willy in my hand.

"The one who tried to bind ye with a light-weave." He leaned over in my direction, never taking his eyes off Spike while speaking in a lower voice meant just for my ears. "Is he a wee bit slow, then?"

I laughed at Spike's offended expression. "No, he's not slow. But we didn't know the web-weaver was a pixie. She doesn't look like the pixies we know."

He jerked his head back, pulling chin to neck, obviously confused. "Well, what else would she be then?"

I shrugged. "How would I know? I'm not from here."

He jerked his chin out now, and then leaned towards Spike, speaking now only to him. "Is she soft in the head, then? Is that the problem?"

Now it was Spike's turn to laugh. "No, she's not soft, believe me. That's the last word I'd use to describe her head, or anyone who knows her would for that matter. But she is holding a pixie in her hand, so I can see how you'd wonder how we don't know one when we see one."

Understanding flicked on like a light in my head. "Oh, I get it. Maybe you don't remember from the Here and Now, Triden, but pixies there don't have light ropes or whatever coming out of their butts. Just pixie dust."

The dwarf smacked himself on the forehead. "Oh, yes. How could I forget. Pests in every realm." He shook his head. "Some things never change, no matter where they be."

"They really aren't pests in the Here and Now. They're just misunderstood," I said.

"I gotta pee. Oops. Never mind," said Willy.

I felt moisture in the palm of my hand and sighed. "On second thought, they really are pests, no matter where they are." I transferred Willy over into my other hand, and bend down to the ground where I wiped my wet palm off as best I could in the leaves.

"Problems?" asked Spike.

"Don't ask," I said, almost growling but stopping myself just in time. The little kid couldn't help himself; it was probably my fault for not listening to him in the first place and finding a spot for him to drop trou as soon as he'd said something. In the back of my mind, I'd been kind of hoping bodily functions weren't a part of life in the Overworld.

"Are ye ready, then?" asked Triden, lifting up his axe and holding it halfway down the handle. "We're burning the good light, and if ye want to find a dragon ye need to do it soon."

"Why soon?" asked Spike, stepping forward to follow Triden, gesturing for me to precede him.

"Because. They'll be moving on soon. Today will be the last day they are in my home."

"Why? And where's your home?" I asked, taking up my spot between Triden and Spike, concentrating on the ground so I wouldn't trip on one of the many branches that lay in our path.

Triden picked up his pace, easily avoiding the worst of the obstacles. "Why? Because ... they never stay in one place very long. And I live in the mountain known as Sliabh gCuillinn."

"What language is that?" I asked, hoping I wasn't being rude, but it sounded like nothing I'd ever heard before. Maybe it was angel-speak or something.

"It is Irish," he said, sounding as if he didn't believe that I didn't know that.

"I like it," I said. I'd always thought Irish was English with a kickass accent on it.

"Bah," he said, the one cheek I could see coloring a little pink. "It's nothing, really. Just one of many ways to communicate. Been speakin' it since I was a wee one."

"Why don't the dragons stay in one place for long?" asked Spike.

"Restless creatures. They don't belong here any more'n you do, I suppose." Triden took a sharp right turn through a break in the trees, which put us on what looked like a well-used and much easier to navigate path.

I nodded as I thought about what he said. If I'd gotten sent here forever for something I didn't do, I'd be restless too. Or more like super pissed. For some reason that thought caused images of Torrie to jump into my mind, but I quickly pushed them away. The last thing I needed to be stressing about was a demon a million miles and two realms away from here.

"So where are we going?" asked Spike. "To your mountain?"

"To the entrance of me home. Whether the three of you will be admitted is not my decision."

Why did I think this was going to be easy? "So, what ... are we going to have to solve some sort of riddle to get in?"

Triden stopped walking and turned to face me. "Why in the Overworld would a riddle give ye entrance to my home?"

I shrugged, stopping just before I bumped into him. "I don't know. I saw it in a movie once. Maybe you have witch spells that work like locks, and the riddle opens them."

The dwarf leaned over to the side and spit in disgust. "Witches." He glared at me.

I smiled. "So you're not too cool with witches either, huh? I like you already, Triden." I leaned over and spit too for emphasis.

He squinted his eyes at me. "You do not care for the witches?"

I wiped the spittle off my mouth with the back of my hand. My spitting technique needed work. "I find them to be a royal pain in my ass, to be honest."

"Well, to my knowledge there are no witches of royal heritage here in this area of the realm, but I can tell you for certain that there are none in Sliabh gCuillinn. We do not tolerate their games in our mountain."

I snorted. "I can't tell you how happy I am to hear that."

We began moving again, the path getting wider every few feet so that Spike was able to walk next to me. He took my hand in his, and I welcomed the feeling of lightness it brought more than I ever had before. It wasn't that this realm was depressing or anything, but feeling his strong presence gave me a sense of security and of not being alone, not being the only one who had to take care of everything. He lightened my load. Willy wasn't able to do that for me. In fact, he made me feel more weighted down with responsibility - weird since he weighed no more than a cricket himself. Apparently, the laws of physics ceased to work in the realm of matters of the heart.

Triden's continued explanation cut off my self-directed philosophizing. "The witches have made overtures, to be sure. Especially now. But we are not interested in their new age magical mischief."

"Why now?" asked Spike. "What's changed around here?"

The dwarf didn't really answer, he just grumbled.

"What was that?" I asked. "We couldn't hear you."

He turned around, now seriously cranky and no longer walking. "I said, young fae, that certainly ya must know the answer to yer question, and so I wonder why ya would bother to ask me if that be the case."

"We don't know," said Spike before I could get a word in edgewise. "Tell us."

The dwarf looked from Spike to me, probably trying to judge whether we were full of crap or not. When he finally made his decision, it was like the air drained out of him. He shrank inward noticeably before he said, "The Overworld is being overrun."

"Overrrun?" I asked, feeling a little sick inside. "By who?"

"Not by whom ... by what."

"What then?" asked Spike, his voice a hoarse whisper.

Triden stared at us, his brows furrowed and his back stiff. "Demons," was his response.

My heart sank. What does it mean for the Here and Now if there are demons in the Overworld?

CHAPTER FOUR

TRIDEN BEGAN WALKING AGAIN AND we followed as before, only now there was this dark cloud floating above us and my mind was racing, trying to make sense of what was going on.

"How can there be demons here?" I asked. "How are they getting in?"

Triden glanced back over his shoulder but answered without stopping his forward movement down the path. "Through the void."

"That's how they're getting into the Here and Now too. There's a tear in the veil. I've seen it," I said. "So has Spike. Well, at least, his body and mind were there. I'm not sure if he remembers it." I looked over at my friend, but he was shaking his head in a weird way, lifting up his eyebrows at me and jerking his head towards Triden.

"Who be Spike?" asked the dwarf.

"I be Spike ... I mean, I'm Spike," said my incubus friend, raising his hand.

"What were ya doin' in the void, then?"

"We were trying to get back from the Underworld," I explained.

The dwarf stopped again and turned, his hand squeezing the handle of his axe more than necessary, his knuckles going white with the effort. "And what were ya doing in the Underworld if ye not be demons?"

I tried to laugh off his distrust. "It's a funny story, actually. Heh, heh."

"Do tell." Triden's nostrils flared, and he was definitely not amused.

"Well, we were fighting some demons by our compound, and in the process of doing that, I was working with this other elemental to send the demons back to the Underworld; and I accidentally sent myself and a friend of mine there with them. It was just a tiny mistake that was soon fixed when we got back. Through the void."

Triden cocked his head to the side, his hand loosening its grip just a bit. "You consider sending yourself into the bowels of hell a tiny mistake?" He straightened up and shook his head slowly before turning and continuing our journey. "Youth of today ... "

The last comment wasn't for me, but I responded anyway. "Well, I'm kind of new at this, and we were able to get back without too much trouble, so it was cool."

"And ye say ya were workin' with another elemental, did ya?"

"Yes. His name is Ben, and he's here in your realm now too, doing the same thing we're doing." I wanted to add the fact that he was a total jerk-off, but I figured it might be seriously bad karma to try and get a dude messed up in the Overworld by a bunch of angry dwarves, so I stayed silent on that part of Ben's personality. He'd probably show his true colors over here anyway without any help from me.

Before Triden could ask anymore questions, we were interrupted by sounds of more wings buzzing, which I now knew to be pixies - the light-web-spinning kind. Triden stopped in his tracks and held out his arm behind him. "Get back! It be the pixies again, and by the sounds of it, a whole bleedin' flock. I'll do me best to protect ye, but I cannot promise there won't be casualties." He was staring off in front of us, trying to lay eyes on them.

"I hear my momma," said Willy, who I thought had fallen asleep, he'd been quite for so long.

"No, you don't, shhhh. It's a bad lady pixie again."

Willy's voice took on a whiney quality. "I don't like the bad lady pixie."

"Me neither," I said, moving closer to Spike.

"Do you think your web cutter's going to work this time?" asked Spike, putting his arm around my shoulders.

"I don't know. I guess we're going to find out." The first bits of sparkly light were coming towards us on the path, three pixies flying in tight formation right for us.

"Ready yerselves!" warned Triden. "Here they come, bloody bastards!"

"Wow, he really hates those pixies, doesn't he?" asked Spike, watching our guide in fascination.

Triden swung his axe out as the pixies got near, sending blue streaks through the air, the sounds I was used to hearing from Tony's weapon singing out around us.

The pixies bobbed and weaved around the light show, laughing and singing as they went. Four more joined them and appeared to be delighting in harassing the little dwarf still swinging his axe gamely from the ground.

They were slowly driving him towards us, so craftily I wasn't even sure they were doing it on purpose. But when he came within range of us, he had to quit waving his weapon around quite so forcefully, and they took advantage of it. Within seconds of him being near us, they started dropping lassoes of light from their butts around the group of us, flying so fast they just looked like streaks of light themselves.

Triden was yelling some kind of crazy war cry that was almost as interesting as the web that now surrounded us. He was chopping the axe out in front of him, trying to cut through the web and only being partially successful. After about a minute into the fight, we had so many layers of it around us, it was like we were standing in a showcase at a jewelry store. Everything was sparkling and bright, and the trees were almost impossible to see through it all.

"Bloody hell!" yelled the dwarf, dropping his axe to the side. He hung his head in shame. "Well, that be all then. I've brought you no more than a stone's throw through the forest before I've been laid waste. I don't know how long we'll be waitin' here before one of me brothers or sisters can come to save us."

The sounds of giggling pixies disappeared into the distance.

"Maybe we can help," said Spike.

Triden turned to face us, being careful not to brush up against the sides of the web that was now at his back. "Have ye not had a meetin' with the pixies already? Oh, that's right. You said they didn't work on ye, isn't that what ye said?"

I nodded.

"Ha! Well, I guess I've caught ya in your first lie, then haven't I?" He crossed his arms, leaving his axe to lean up against his leg.

Spike had reached out with his finger and gently touched the inside of our prison. "Youch!" he yelled, jerking his hand back. He looked over at me. "Still nasty."

"Pretty lights," said Willy. "I'm hungry."

This web was nothing like the couple of strands that had surrounded us before, but I had to try to cut through them anyway. Having a hungry pixie in my hand gave me the impetus I needed to stick my finger into what looked like a mighty electrified fence. "Wish me luck," I said to Spike, glancing at him nervously before reaching my hand out.

"Stop!" yelled Triden. "What're ya doin' there, lass? It's a painful bite you'll be gettin' if ya touch that web!"

I shrugged. "Nothing ventured, nothing gained, right?" I reached my finger out until the tip was just an inch away from the inside of the web.

"Just touch it for a second, Jayne. Don't put your whole hand in there," advised Spike.

I nodded, pushing my finger forward farther. I was expecting a nasty shock, but when I finally made contact, there was nothing. I breathed out a sigh of relief, sinking my whole hand in and making a rip in the fabric of light that imprisoned us.

"Well, I'll be a pixie-lovin' swamp wallower ... you don't feel the pricks of pixie pain, then?" asked Triden.

I smiled, relief filling up my chest. "Nope. Nothing." I moved my finger up and down, cutting away the strings of light like a hot knife through butter. They fell away in layers, dropping to the ground and disintegrating as they went. "This is so cool," I said, mostly to myself as I walked around my friends cutting as I went. "Goodbye, Pixie ass web."

"Nice work, girl," said Spike, leaning over to kiss my cheek as I stood next to him, removing the webs near his shoulder.

I smiled. "Thanks, incubus." I patted him on the cheek a couple times before finishing with the webs on the other side of him, nearest Triden.

Triden was staring back and forth from me to Spike and back again. When the last of the web fell and dissipated completely, bringing the trees back into view, he said, "So ya be an incubus, and ye an elemental, is that right?"

"Yes," I said, examining my cutting finger, verifying there were no injuries or marks there. It was exactly as it always was, blemish-free with a slightly jagged fingernail at the end in bad need of a filing.

"And ye want to find a dragon to talk to em and the pixies have no power over ye."

I shrugged. "Yeah, pretty much."

He shook his head. "In all the days 'n all the scores of years in all the centuries I've been here ... I never thought I'd see the day ... "

"The day of what?" asked Spike, stepping over to be at my side.

"Yeah, what's the big deal?" I asked, wondering why the old guy was smiling now.

"Ach ...," he waved us away and turned to go again, "we shall see, we shall see. Let us get to the mountain before we lose the best light. There will be plenty of time to consider all the outcomes, eh?"

We followed along silently, me choosing not to answer like I wanted to, which was to say that we didn't plan on staying any longer than necessary. We still had one more realm to cover, and I had no idea how we were going to get there or even if I was going to be able to get out of this realm first. I probably should have brought a map or a witch with me. I sighed, thinking about how unprepared for this journey I was. Next time, I was going to leave the adventuring to someone else. And Tony was just going to have to do the same.

Thoughts of my best friend had me squeezing Spike's hand just a little tighter. He looked at me in question, but I brushed him off with a shake of my head. I couldn't start talking about Tony now and wondering aloud where he was and what he might be doing. Hopefully, if the pixies bothered him with their butt-webs, Ben could take care of the problem and use his lightsaber finger like me. I had a big enough mission as it was, finding a dragon and talking it into doing this portal guarding job for the rest of eternity. I didn't need to add anything else to my plate like rescuing other dumbass fae like me who should have stayed in the Here and Now.

CHAPTER FIVE

TRIDEN DIDN'T ASK US ANY more questions the rest of the way to his mountain home. It took us what felt like about an hour, which in reality was probably half that, but I had a hungry pixie in my hand who would not shut up the entire way.

"What's the matter?" asked Spike as we approached a large cliff face that looked like it had been cut into the side of a huge foothill of an even huger mountain that rose up into the sun and clouds so high I couldn't see the top of it.

"Just tired of the baby whining all the time. I don't know how Abby does it," I whispered. I didn't want Willy to hear me because it would probably send him off into another wail-fest about his momma and wanting to be with her.

Spike nodded before raising his voice a little to be heard by our guide. "Excuse me, Triden? Do you have any fruit or berries or anything we can feed this baby pixie?"

"Inside," was all he said, staring at the cliff face, glancing back to follow our progress in his direction. Once we were standing just behind him, he turned fully to face us. "And now the moment of truth. Enter if ye have pure intentions. Be repulsed if ye do not."

My jaw dropped open. "I thought you said no friggin riddles!"

Triden frowned at me. "I thought you said it was a freggon dragon not a freggon riddle. Ye need to make up yer mind, lassy."

I rolled my eyes. "Spike, help me out before I say something stupid."

Spike squeezed my hand once and then let it go. "What she wants to know is whether this is a riddle we have to solve or something else? Do we have to say something or press some buttons or, I don't know, unlock a door somewhere so we can get inside your mountain?"

"There be no riddles in Sliabh gCuillinn. Just an entrance and the purity of the stone it's made of." Triden walked up to the face of the cliff and inserted his axe into a crack that looked like no keyhole I'd ever seen. As soon as he let go of the weapon's handle, a huge section of the wall turned inward, revealing a tunnel or dark yawning hole in the side of the mountain. It could have been a path there for us to walk down or just a huge pit - it was impossible to see more than a foot into the space it was so completely black inside.

"After you," he gestured towards the opening, resting his hand on the handle of his axe.

I got the distinct impression he was not just putting it there to get his key back. If we got rejected at this point, we were probably going to be missing some kneecaps.

I stepped forward, looking back over my shoulder at Spike. "Here I go, I guess."

"I'll be in right after you," said Spike, concern marring his features.

I looked over at Triden right before crossing the threshold. "Do I need to say or do anything special?"

He shook his head, saying nothing, but flexing his hand on the axe a little.

I took a deep breath and stepped forward, my foot crossing out of the light and into the darkness. I felt a tingle throughout my body, as if it was waking up from having its circulation cut off for a few seconds, and then nothing.

"Oooh, that tickles my tummy," said Willy, sounding much less anxious than he had in a while.

I was fully inside now, and my body was back to its regular self. I turned to face Spike. "Your turn," I said, my voice echoing in the space around me a little.

Spike took a deep breath and then strode into the space with me, not even hesitating at the line dividing the inside from the outside. He stopped when he was next to me, pulling me into a hug. "One down, hopefully none left to go," he said into my neck.

"One what? Door?"

"Obstacle. Door. Magical mystery ... whatever," he said, standing straight again. "I thought for a second there I was going to be stuck outside and you were going to be stuck in. That would have made me crazy."

"Yeah," I said absently, not having even considered the possibility of being a prisoner in here until he said that. Great. Something else to freak out over. I watched as the door swung shut behind our host, and tried not to feel totally creeped out over the fact that the entrance was cut into stone about five feet thick and I had no key to open it.

"Follow me," said Triden, moving past us into what turned out to be a wide hallway. Lucky for us, it was much taller than it needed to be for dwarves. A light glow seemed to appear as we advanced farther into the mountain, but I could see no obvious sources. There were no lanterns or switches or anything - the orangey color seemed to be coming from the stone itself. It made the insides partially visible, and I felt my mouth fall open at the beauty that was hidden in the massive rock. The entire mountain looked like it was made out of cloudy amber.

"Preeeettyyy," said Willy. "I wanna touch it." He began struggling to free himself from my fist.

"No, Willy, you can't touch anything. Just stay still for a little while longer. Then I'll let you go." I prayed they had a bathroom or a utility closet or someplace where I could put him and let him fly around for a little while. The kid had ants in his pants and along with the pee, it was not a good mix.

"Don't wanna. I wanna touch it now."

"You can touch it soon. But only if you're a good baby and don't talk or try to fly away."

"I'm not talking."

"Yes, you are. Stop. For just a little while."

"But I'm not talking. I'm only answering. You are talking. How come you can talk and I can't talk? You're not my momma, Lellamental."

"Willy, trust me, I don't want to be your momma. Just relax, okay? We're almost there." I prayed I wasn't lying about that, too. This baby was on my last nerve, but all I could think about were his poor parents freaking out about their missing child. What I was dealing with now was nothing compared to the misery they were dealing with and the tongue lashing I was going to get when I returned. If I return.

Willy continued to mumble but mostly to himself. "I'm not gonna stop talking and I wanna touch dat wall and she's not my momma and my momma is gonna give her a stink flower cuz she's a bad girl and I can touch dat wall if I want to and I'm gonna fly to my momma ..."

The rest of what he was threatening faded out when I realized we were approaching what looked like a cavern of sorts. I could see a high ceiling up ahead, the entire thing glowing with the orange light that we'd seen coming from the walls. The sounds of a large gathering reached our ears, echoes of voices and the clanging of wood or dishes or something mixing with chairs scraping across stone floors and laughter.

"What's that?" asked Spike. "Is it your dining hall?"

"No," answered the dwarf, slowing his pace.

"Sounds like a group of fae eating," I said, slowing down too so I wouldn't run into our guide.

Spike took my hand in his and stood next to me. We'd all stopped just around the corner from fully revealing whatever was in the large cavern. A loud cheer rose up and then some laughter as it died down.

"You be entering the celebration of Mi na Samhna."

"What's that?" I asked in a near-whisper.

"We thank the Great Spirit for the harvest that we enjoyed in the Here and Now. It is our way of staying connected to the realm we most want to return to."

"What did you call it again?" asked Spike.

"Mi na Samhna."

"What is that ... like Samhain? Halloween?" asked Spike.

"I believe the modern civilization calls it Samhain, yes. I have not heard this other word you used." Triden turned his attention back to the cavern. "Do not be alarmed at what you see this day. This is not our usual way." He stepped forward and disappeared around the corner.

CHAPTER SIX

SPIKE LOOKED AT ME, NERVOUSNESS etched into his features. "Ready to go?"

I sighed. "As ready as I'll ever be."

"Are you freaking out like I'm freaking out?" he asked.

I smiled. "Yep. Probably more."

"What do you think is in there?"

"Little goblins? Dwarves with sheets over their heads and eyes cut out of them? I have no idea."

"Do you think the others are already here? Ben and them?"

"I don't know. Maybe, maybe not. Maybe it's better if they aren't." Much as I wanted to see Tony, I knew this was true for me.

"Why?"

"Because ... if we're all in here, and this is a trap, we're screwed. If someone stays outside, maybe we have a chance of getting out of any bad situation.

Spike nodded. "I hadn't thought of it that way."

Our conversation was cut off by Triden reappearing from around the corner. "Are ye coming or not?"

"We're coming," said Spike, putting his arm around me protectively.

We both moved forward slowly, my shoulders going up around my ears involuntarily as I prepared myself for what might be there. Whatever it was, it was making a hell of a racket. I jerked back involuntarily when something whizzed by my face and hit the wall next to me. I watched as a metal mug fell to the ground and rolled back and forth a few times on its side before coming to a stop, some liquid dripping out of it and pooling on the ground.

"What the ... ?" I asked.

"Don't mind the projectiles. We get a little excited during our celebrations," said Triden, a grin splitting his face.

We stepped around the corner finally and stared open-mouthed at the mayhem in the huge room.

Spike smiled at me. "Guess we got here just in time for the party."

"You can say that again," I said, my eyes taking in the hundred or so dwarves sitting at various tables. Many were wearing masks that made them look like lunatic toucans or crows. But there was one table at the far end of the room that was filled with attendees not in costume and not looking very happy to be there.

"Tony!" I yelled, releasing Spike's arm so I could run across the room to grab him in a bone-crushing hug.

"Not so fast!" said Spike, grabbing onto my hand and jerking me back.

I turned to frown at him. "What? Let me go ... it's Tony."

"Yeah," said Spike, looking pointedly up in a corner of the room. "And there's Samantha, and there's Ben." His eyes moved to another corner of the room.

I followed his gaze and felt my heart leap into my throat when I saw what had caught his attention. Both of them were in gilded cages suspended from the ceiling, looking extremely pissed off.

"Oh, shit," I said. "They're like big parrots up there."

"Shit, shit, shitty shit," sang Willy. "I'm-a fly up there, Lellmental. Lemme go see Sammy. I like Sammy. Sammy! Sammy!"

I reached over and bonked Willy lightly on the head. "Shush. Not right now. Maybe later. Remember ... no talking."

The little butthead gave me a raspberry out of both ends, but I ignored it. The last thing I needed to be doing right now was arguing with a child. I had bigger fish to fry, namely the fact that two of our fae posse were currently imprisoned in the middle of a party where there was obviously a lot of imbibing going on. A few dwarves were already sleeping it off on the floor under the tables.

"Nice and easy," said Spike, leading me slowly and carefully along the edge of the room, headed in the direction of our friends.

My eyes scanned the room, looking for exits or signs of our impending doom. My gaze took in the long picnic-style tables with benches on either side, the tabletops covered in platters of food. Dwarves apparently weren't the neatest of eaters because there were bits of what looked like turkey meat and vegetables all over the place, as much off the plates as on. Great big pitchers of what was probably beer, if the smell was anything to go by, sat about every four places down on the table. All of the cups were metal mugs like the one that had almost beaned me earlier.

We had almost reached the table when a largish dwarf stood up on a table and pointed his mug at us. "Silence!" he roared, brandishing his mug left and right, possibly threatening to brain anyone who didn't immediately shut up. It was effective. Within a few seconds you could have heard a pin drop in that room.

My bladder felt about twice its normal weight, and I wanted to pee like I never had before. A couple hundred eyeballs were glued to me and Spike, and by default, my roommates' baby. It took everything I had not to wet my pants.

"Who goes there!" he demanded to know. "Speak now or suffer the consequences!" He gestured up to the corners of the room that held the cages. I noticed for the first time that there were several other cages available, though empty at the moment.

I swallowed hard, opening my mouth to answer, but Spike beat me to it.

"We are Spike and Jayne!"

A low grumbling started across the room, but it was immediately silenced by the demanding dwarf again.

"What brings you into the bowels of Sliabh gCuillinn during Mi na Samhna?"

I wanted to answer by telling him we liked to party, but I wasn't so sure he was in the mood for jokes, so I went with option B. "We're here on a mission from the Here and Now. We were brought into your ... uhhh ... bowels by Triden."

"Triden who?" boomed our interrogator.

Oh, f**k. What were those names again? I looked at Spike, panicked that I hadn't paid better attention earlier.

Spike stared at me, but yelled out his answer. "Triden, son of Alden, grandson of Marsden, great grandson of ... ummm ... Helden?" He broke eye contact with me and turned to face the crowd. "Melvin? Devlin? Sorry, I forgot the rest."

I nodded in appreciation of his kickass memory. "Nice," I whispered, earning myself a nervous smile from a hot incubus.

The angry dwarf looked around the room. "Triden, son of Alden! Present yourself!"

Our guide climbed up onto a nearby table, now wearing a bird mask, and put his hands on his hips. "Here I be!"

"You vouch for these strangers and bring them into our midst?"

"I do nothing of the sort! They passed through of their own accord!"

More mumbling and grumbling ensued, but the leader ignored it, facing us now. "Well, what are ye waiting for then? Go see the others!" And he climbed down from the table, accepting a large pour from the nearest pitcher held by a roaring-drunk table-mate.

"What the hell was that all about?" I asked Spike, letting him lead me over to our friends.

"I think we passed the entrance exam."

I let go of Spike's hand as we neared the table, running over to reach Tony.

He was getting to his feet, looking at me with censure in his eyes as I approached.

I pulled him into a big-time hug as soon as he was close enough to touch, closing my eyes and squeezing for all I was worth. "Tones," I said into his neck.

Tony patted my back, sighing heavily. "Jayne. What are you doing here?"

I released him and stepped back a half-step, punching him lightly on the chest muscle. "Finding dragons. Partying with the dwarves in Sleeve Gullion or whatever. What are you doing here?"

Tony looked around. "I'm apparently doing the same thing. Minus the partying part." His gaze came back to penetrate mine. "This is no party, Jayne. These guys are keeping us here prisoner."

I frowned at him. "No, they're not. Don't be silly."

Tony looked up at the cages holding my two least favorite fae in the room. "That doesn't look like prison to you?"

I smiled. "No, actually it looks like karma and payback being a bitch, actually."

"Jayne, I'm serious."

"So am I, Tones. I found out some serious shit about those two recently that you don't know about, and they tried to screw me over on the way here too, so forgive me if I have zero problem with them being hung from the ceiling like a couple of jailbirds."

"What are you talking about?" he asked, pulling me down to sit next to him at the table. I said a quick hello to Jared who'd moved over to make room for me.

I leaned in to speak to Tony as privately as possible. "Ben admitted to me that he's working with demons to get them out of the Underworld. And Samantha's been helping him all along."

Tony leaned away from me, frowning. "Don't be silly, that's not true. Who told you that?"

"Ben told me! And it's not silly, it's the truth! I tricked him into thinking I was on his side, and he let me in on his little stupid plan. He tricked Chase into thinking I was supposed to be bound to him, he tricked me into thinking Spirit blessed the union ... it was a total setup between him and Samantha."

"But why would they do that?" asked Tony, now sounding just confused.

"Because, he's never let go of that stupid idea of integrating with the humans. We wouldn't join the Dark Fae willingly, and every time they tried to fight us over it we both had casualties, so they fixed it so that we would join without any fight. Shit, we practically just jumped right into bed with them, all because my guardian angel said we needed to."

"You're talking about Chase, right? How could he possibly have been fooled? Isn't he immune to that stuff?"

"Apparently, an angel who's been fae is susceptible if the witch is strong." I glanced up at Samantha. "And she may suck a lot of the time, but everyone seems to agree on that point - that she's a badass with the magic stuff.

Tony nodded. "She is pretty amazing, actually."

I slapped Tony on the arm. "Snap out of it, Baloney Head. Seriously, we need to get the hell out of here and get to that dragon. It's leaving tonight, did you know that?"

He nodded. "Yes, we did hear that. But I wasn't kidding when I said that we are not allowed to leave here. We are guests but not the welcome kind."

I frowned. "Well, I was welcomed in."

Tony sighed. "You probably didn't come in throwing spell bombs on dwarves, though, did you?"

I laughed, thinking he was joking. "Uhhhh, no. Why in the hell would I do that?"

Tony said nothing, he just looked up at Samantha's cage.

"She didn't," I said, flabbergasted that she'd be so stupid.

"Yeah. At Ben's urging. I think he thought he was just going to come in here guns blazing and get whatever he wanted."

I snorted. "Yeah. That would be his giant head talking, for sure." I shook my head in disappointment. "I can't believe my fake partner is such an ass."

Tony put his hand on my arm. "Are you serious ... that he tricked Chase into binding you? I just ... can't believe he'd do that."

I pushed Tony's hand off, mad that he was acting like I'd made this crap up. "Believe it, Tony. He really did do that. He used me, and he used your friendship to make it all happen. He'll sacrifice anything to get what he wants."

"I guess we can't fault him for fighting for what he believes in."

"Tony!" I screeched before dropping my voice again. "Don't even go there with me today, okay? I have a baby pixie who's already peed his pants once and needs to fly to work off some energy, but I can't let him because there are crazy butt-web pixie demons out there and god knows what else that could eat him or spell him or who knows before I get him back to his parents. I don't need you and your forgiveness getting in the way of our mission or this pixie baby getting back home, do you hear me?!"

"Did you just say that ... no, wait ... " He lifted up his finger and started drawing shapes in the air.

"What?" I asked.

Tony looked back at me, his brows screwed up in confusion. "Say that part again about a baby pixie."

I held up my hand, the slumped-over form of a sleeping baby pixie sticking out of the top of my fist. "Baby pixie. Peed in my hand once already. Hungry. Parents are going to kill me. Get it?"

Tony's face went white. "You brought Willy into the Overworld?" His eyes locked in on me. "Are you crazy?"

"No, I'm not crazy! And no I didn't bring him with me. Little f**ker hitchhiked in my damn backpack! And thanks to Samantha, he was sleeping so soundly I never heard him until it was too late."

"Oh, man, oh man, oh man ... Abby's going to ... " Tony looked afraid to finish his sentence.

"Yeah, I know. She's going to pixie me so hard I'll never see the light of depression ever again. Tell me about it."

"Damn. I don't even know what to say about that right now."

I waved him off. "Don't bother. I know already. It's super bad. Level ten bad. Off-the-charts bad. Defcon five awful. I'm just hoping I can get him back at all at this point."

I turned to look at Jared. "Hey, man. What's up?" I asked.

He took a sip from his mug. "Nothing much. Trying to come up with a plan to defeat a hundred and fifty-eight ... no, nine ... dwarves and find a dragon."

"Add to your equation that this particular dragon will be leaving shortly, too," I said.

"Are you kidding me?" he asked.

"Nope. Heard it from Triden, son of Guyden grandson of Fryden or whatever."

Jared put his mug down a little too hard. "Dammit!"

I smiled. "Shit's bad, folks. Jared's cussing now."

He gave me a humorless half-smile before staring down into his mug, tilting it towards him but leaving it on the table. "We're done. Before we've even started, we're done. The council is going to be so disappointed."

I patted him on the arm. "Don't be so sure about that. We haven't played all our cards yet."

He looked up at me. "You have a plan?"

"No, not really. But I'm pretty sure I'm not a prisoner here like you guys are. Maybe I can negotiate an early release for you."

"I'm almost afraid to imagine it."

I leaned into him, nudging him in the ribs. "Shut up. As if you have any other options." I caught Jared glancing up at the cages above, Ben's in particular. "Don't even think about involving that turd-for-brains. He is not on our side."

Jared frowned. "Why would you say that?"

"Short story version? ... He lied to all of us, and Sam helped him. She's been spelling our asses since day one to believe in the binding, their plans, everything. They're in with Torrie, Leck, and Malena. All of them are working to bring down the veil and open the portals, without guardians at the entrances."

Jared shook his head. "No. I cannot believe that about either of them."

I shrugged. "Believe what you want. He told me himself when he thought I was on his little f**ked-up team. He'll do whatever it takes to integrate with the humans, including letting the demons out to do their nasty business."

"But why? Why would he do that? What could he possibly hope to accomplish?"

"Let the demons run loose for a little while, eat a few humans, destroy a few towns, get the people and politicians all freaked out and then swoop in and offer them a solution."

Jared nodded slowly at first and then more forcefully. "Don't tell me, let me guess ... he can get rid of their demon problem for you on one condition."

I smiled, patting Jared on the back. "You got it."

"Accept us as equals," he finished.

I grabbed Jared's mug from his hand, taking a swig out of it before banging it down on the table. "No. Not as equals. As superiors." I looked up at Ben and caught him glaring down at me. I raised up the mug in his direction, winking once before taking another sip. Here's to you, assbag. I hope you swing up there for an eon before they let you out.

"That's just ... ridiculous," said Jared, now looking up in Samantha's direction. "What happened to her?" he asked no one in particular.

"My guess?" I said. "She fell under Ben's spell. He can be very charming when he wants to be. Plus, the Light Fae council kind of left her out to dry, you know. Ben came in right after you left and rescued her from the streets of Miami. We can hardly blame her for her allegiance to the Dark Fae and feelings about the humans, can we?" As I said it, I realized the truth of it. I felt very close to my Light Fae brethren, even when they were pissing me off. They'd rescued me from my own personal hell, but I hadn't gone through nearly as much as Samantha had. She had twice as much reason to hate me as I did her.

"So what are we going to do?" asked Jared.

I tried not to laugh at that, but it was either that or crying. "Are you kidding me?"

Jared turned his head to look at me more directly. "No. Why?"

"Because you're the boss of this mission, not me. I have no idea what we're supposed to do. I'm not even supposed to be here!"

"Which brings us to a good question. What are you doing here?"

I shrugged. "Same thing you are. Finding a dragon to watch a portal. Watching my friends' backs."

"You weren't on the list for a reason, Jayne," he sighed.

"Yeah, I know. But aren't you glad I'm here?" I glanced up at my former partner at the ceiling. "Looks like you took the wrong elemental on this trip."

Jared said nothing; he just took his mug out of my hand and drained it. "What's done is done. It's time for us to figure out where we stand with these dwarves." He moved as if to stand.

I grabbed his arm and held him down. "What are you going to do?" I whispered loudly.

"Since when are you the one putting on the brakes?" he asked, a mischievous smile quirking up the corners of his mouth.

"Since I got stuck in the bowels of a gigantic mountain in the middle of a friggin halloween celebration."

He patted my hand before removing it from his arm. "Watch and learn, young fae."

I laughed. "Okay then, oh wise one. Do your thang. Just don't come crying to me when you're hanging in a cage later."

He frowned at me once before banging his mug down on the table several times to get the dwarves' attention.

CHAPTER SEVEN

I STARED OUT OF THE bars of the cage I was sharing with Samantha, trying my best not to even look at her. If I saw her stupid face again, I was liable to punch it and start a chick fight for the entertainment of our captors - a literal cage match.

"So, what's your brilliant plan now?" she asked me, her voice dripping with sarcasm.

"Shut the hell up, witch." I wasn't going to grab the bait she was dangling in front of me. She might be limited with her power in here, but I wasn't; and I wanted to save any demonstrations of it for when we were finally alone, without any dwarves to see me. Maybe then I could bust us out of here. I could feel The Green just buzzing around me, waiting for me to link up. I'd avoided using it up until now because I got the distinct impression that it was going to act differently than it did in the Here and Now, and I wasn't sure I'd be able to handle it. But if I got desperate, well, shit was just going to have to happen however it was going to happen.

"Was that your plan, to have Jared stand up there like an idiot and order them to let us go?"

I refused to answer her, staring across the room at the cage that held Tony, Spike, and Ben. Tony was sitting down with his legs crossed, not really looking at Ben much and saying nothing. I wondered what Tony was thinking, if he believed he was stuck inside a cage with a traitor, or if he still held out hope that Ben was a good guy and a friend. Spike was hanging from the bars at the top of the cage doing pull-ups to pass the time. I sighed, wishing his tunic was off so I could really enjoy the show. He caught me looking and winked at me, dropping to the floor of the cage and sitting down next to Tony, nudging him and leaning in to talk in his ear.

Jared was with Niles and Finn. Niles had his regular scowl going, and Finn paced back and forth, his hair sticking out in all directions. He was madder than a wet hen.

A movement down in the room caught my eye. I stood up when I realized who it was. "Hey! Triden! Let us out of these things, would ya?"

"I cannot, lass. I am sorry." He bent down and picked up a few mugs off the floor, setting them down on a nearby table, not even taking a second to look up at me.

"Why not? You know we're not here to do you any harm."

"Maybe ya weren't, but yer friends were. Guilt by association, I'm afraid." He shook his head in disappointment, and I didn't know if it was directed at us or his family who'd made the decision to lock us in here when Jared got a little too bossy, demanding we be led to the dragons. Either way, it didn't matter, since his pity wasn't helping us at all.

"You can't keep me in here!" yelled Niles. "It goes against the Code!"

Triden frowned up at him, throwing his hands onto his hips and abandoning his clean-up of the messy room. "The Code forbids dwarves from fraternizing with witches! You broke the Code, so the Code no longer protects you!"

"Since when?!" yelled Niles back, all in a rage now. "The Code forbids no such thing!"

"Maybe not where you're from, but here, it does!" Triden went back to his cleaning up, moving onto another section of the room.

I nodded my head in appreciation of their code. I was totally down with not fraternizing with witches. They all sucked in my experience. I ignored the tiny nagging in the back of my mind that told me the Overworld was a lot less forgiving and understanding than I had expected it to be.

"What ... are you agreeing with him?" asked Samantha, sounding offended.

"Hell yeah, I am," I said, looking at her for a second over my shoulder, just long enough to shoot her the evil eye. I turned my back to her again before finishing my thought. "Witches suck ass. As far as I'm concerned, they could all just disappear and we'd be fine." No more effed up spells to screw with our lives or our heads.

"Some fae say the same thing about elementals."

I shrugged. "Whatever. I'm not interested in our bullshit, Samantha, so why don't you just sit down and shut up."

She huffed out a breath, mumbling, "What'd I ever do to you to make you hate me so much?"

I laughed in utter amazement at her ignorance, twisting around to face her again. "Are you friggin kidding me?"

"No, I'm not," she said, jutting out her chin. "You get all passionate about something, and it's all fine and good. Yay, Jayne, the elemental kicks some butt. But anyone else does, and suddenly they're the bad guys in your book, someone you need to end or put down. Who gave you the right to judge me?"

I shook my head at her ridiculousness. "Let's get a few things straight, okay, Samantha? First of all, you spelled an arrow and tried to have someone shoot me in the back with it when I first got to the Light Fae compound, hitting Chase instead and putting him into a friggin coma. You staged battles outside the doors of my home and the home of my friends - and in the process, killed a friend of mine. Falco was his name, but I'm sure that doesn't matter at all to you. You helped Ben take me prisoner and torture me in the Dark Fae compound. Then you put spells on Ben's room to trap me in there, didn't put a spell on the garden to keep me grounded like you were supposed to, and ... oh yeah ... spelled the shit out of Spike to keep him in demon form. And the icing on my Samantha-shit-on-me-once-again-cake was the fact that you spelled my guardian angel and tricked him into binding me to Ben, making us all think it was meant to be for the sake of saving our fae race." I shook my head in sickened wonder. "How in the hell that adds up in your mind as being just passionate and not more like a serial killer, I'll never know." I turned back around, not interested at all in hearing her excuses or lame attempts at honesty. She wouldn't know the truth if it crapped on her shoes.

"Are you serious? Do you really believe all that?" she asked, laughing through her words in what sounded like disbelief.

It was the tone of her voice that made me face her. If she had brought any attitude at all, I would have just ignored her; but she genuinely sounded confused and like I was the nutter and not her.

"Yes," I said. "I'm dead serious. This isn't exactly a joking matter."

"But I didn't do that stuff ... well, most of it anyway." Her face was all screwed up in confusion, her eyes going back and forth looking at nothing, as if she were doing calculations in her head.

I raised a doubting eyebrow at her. "Please, Samantha. It's just the two of us up here in a friggin bird cage. Enough with the lies."

"No, really. I agree that I helped Ben take you, but not that there was any torture involved. And that fae you mentioned, Falco ... I didn't mean to hurt him. All of your elves were shooting arrows at us - one of them even hit me. I was just fighting back."

"But you conveniently forget that you were the one who brought that fight to our door, trying to get into our compound."

"Yes, but Ben said that it was meant to be ... that we were meant to gain entry ... ," she finished lamely. She didn't seem very sure right now. Not like she had just a minute before when she was mocking Jared's plan to try and talk to our captors.

I pounced on her words. "Ben said? Ben? And he's ... what? Your master? King of the fae? What? Why would you listen to him and hurt fae like that?" I was disgusted by the weakness I sensed in her now. She'd always seemed so strong and determined before.

"No, he's ... he took me out of Miami and gave me my new life. He told me he'd take care of me, that he'd make sure I got good training and lived up to the expectations everyone had of me." She had been staring at the floor of the cage, but now she looked at me, tears in her eyes. Her face trembled with trapped emotion. "He told me I was special. He was my friend. Like Tony is for you."

I shook my head. "No f**king way, Samantha. Ben is nothing like Tony. Ben uses people and lies to them, and will do anything it takes to get his way. He's no friend of yours, and I don't believe for a second that you're so stupid to think that. Nice try."

I turned back around, severely bothered by the fact that I could sense no lying in her voice - only desperation. It made me sick to my stomach to think that a girl could be so lost and so lonely, that she'd latch on to false promises and bullshit like Ben had to offer. It reminded me so much of my own mother and Rick-the-dick it caused angry tears to burn my eyes. I refused to let them fall, though. Samantha didn't deserve my pity. She'd made her stupid choices, and now she was going to have to deal with them, just like I did, just like everyone did.

"It wasn't a trick, Jayne. I was there. I saw it," said Samantha, now sounding like she really wanted to convince me. "The binding was real. It was meant to be."

I sighed angrily, turning once more. "You saw what, exactly? Ben kissing me, Spirit blessing the union? Please ..." I rolled my eyes.

"No, not that. Well, yes, that. But I saw the scrying. I was there and witnessed it with my own eyes."

She could have said anything but that, and I probably would have blown her off; but now she had my undivided attention. "You did a scrying? Are you nuts?"

She lowered her voice, glancing over briefly at Ben before sitting down and facing me. "Not me. Ben and Maggie."

"Say what?! No way ... you're totally shitting me right now."

"No," whispered Samantha, "I'm not. They did it a couple times."

"And Maggie just went along with all this crap?"

Samantha looked off to the side once before answering, as if she was embarrassed. "Not exactly."

"He threatened her, didn't he?"

She nodded.

"With what?" My curiosity was burning a hole in my gut. What could Ben possibly offer Maggie or hold over her nappy old head to get her to do a scrying?

"He swore he'd reveal the arrangement she had with someone named Celine."

The blood began pounding in my ears. I could hear the rushing noise as my pulse pushed it through my veins double-time. "Celine, the silver elf?" I asked, almost afraid to hear the answer.

"I think so. She's on the council, right?"

I nodded, my body numb, my fingertips and toes tingling. I'd never heard of any deal between Celine and Maggie, but if it was something that Ben could hold over the witch's head and threaten her with, it had to be one hell of a nasty secret.

"What was it? The arrangement?"

"I'm not sure," she said, looking down at her hands as she picked at her cuticles.

"Bullshit. Tell me now, Samantha, or I'll start yelling that you're casting spells up here."

She smiled bitterly. "They won't believe you. I have no power here. They took it from me at the entrance."

"How'd they do that?" I asked.

"I have no idea. I cast one last spell, and all hell broke loose."

"And whose idea was that brilliant maneuver?" I knew the answer already, but I just had to hear it.

"Ben's."

I rolled my eyes, but before I could say anything, Samantha cut me off.

"Yeah, I know it was stupid, but I didn't know what else to do. What am I going to say to him?"

"How about no? Or go f**k yourself? Those would have worked for me."

"Well, I'm not you," she said softly, "and he's Ben."

"Yeah, so what? You're Samantha, kickass witch, fated Fate whatever the hell that means."

"Don't say that," she said, sounding almost desperate now.

"Say what?"

"That I'm fated to be a Fate. I don't want that!" She looked seriously freaked out now.

I frowned at her strong reaction. "Why? What the hell is it, anyway?"

"You don't know?"

"Would I ask if I did?" I shook my head at her denseness, which was so not like her. Usually she was just a short, sweet, cut through the bullcrap kind of girl. Now she wanted to practically girl-talk. It was crazy.

"Well, how did you know about being a Fate if you don't know what it is?"

"A pixie told me. So what is it?"

"It's a witch who messes with people's lives. I'm not interested."

I laughed bitterly. "You could have fooled me. You've already messed up mine enough, and I don't see you apologizing for any of it."

Her nostrils flared and her lips thinned. She stared at me for a full ten, silent seconds before she finally cleared her throat and said, "Jayne, I'm sorry. For everything."

Truth. The word came to me like a bolt of lightning out of the blue. A sizzle of The Green came with it, making me feel instantly lighter. What the hell?

A gasp escaped Samantha's lips. "Jayne! You're touching your elements right now!"

I shrugged. "Yeah. So?"

"So, you have your powers in here!"

I thought about it for a second, not sure how that was going to help us. "Okay ..."

"Ben doesn't. His were taken too."

I turned my head to look over at him. He was staring holes into my head. I quickly whipped back to face Samantha. "He saw me."

She looked down at the floor of the cage. "Don't look at him anymore. He'll know we're talking about him."

"So what? I couldn't give two shits about what he thinks. He's dog meat when I get out of here and get my hands on him."

Samantha reached out as if to touch me, but then pulled her hand back quickly when she saw my death stare aimed in her direction. "Don't. Please just ... don't."

I shook my head in disgust. "You are so pitiful. Even after all the crap he's made you do and all the bullshit lies, you still love him, don't you?"

She shook her head vehemently. "No, it's not that. I might have thought I liked him before, but I just don't want you to bring that kind of bad karma down on yourself. I've seen what it can do." She fixed me with such an intense stare, I thought she was losing it a little.

"Yeah, like what?"

"Like Maggie. Like ... others."

I nodded. "Maggie is pretty hideous, now that you mention it. Are you saying she's dag-nasty because she has a lot of bad karma?"

"You've been to her house, haven't you?"

"Yeah. It's pretty gross, I'll give you that. But I've seen worse."

"What about her pantry? Have you been in there?"

I felt like Samantha was leading me down a path I should stay way the hell away from, but my morbid curiosity won out in the end. "You mean the one filled with boxes of mimickers?" I whispered.

"So you know, then. You know about Fates."

"All I know is she has a bunch of soul pieces in there and that she uses them from time to time to make horrible spells that bring demons up from the Underworld."

"They're also sometimes used to trick fae into bonding with other fae against their wills."

"What?!" I screeched, my voice echoing off the stone walls.

"Shhhh!" whisper-yelled Samantha. "Do you want to bring all of them back in here? And don't let Ben know I'm telling you this stuff, either. Now you know why I don't want that for myself. It's bad magic, Jayne. Black. Dark. I'm not like that."

It took all my strength not to look at Ben right now. I leaned in closer to her. "That really wasn't you who did that? Tricked me into binding with Ben?"

"Hell no, I can't cast like that. Not yet, anyway."

I shook my head. "I cannot believe that old hag Maggie sold me out like that. The next time I see her she is so going down to ass-kicking town."

"She's just trying to fix things, she didn't mean any harm."

My nostrils flared with barely controlled anger. "How could binding me to Ben possibly be fixing anything or not be meaning me any harm? How is that even possible?"

Samantha dropped her face into her hands, rubbing them up and down a few times before lifting her head again. "I don't know all the details, but I know who's involved. And I know it was something that started a long, long time ago before we were ever in the picture or even born. Somebody fell in love. Somebody messed with fate. Somebody screwed up, and now we're all paying for it."

"Who? Who fell in love, who screwed up? Give me the names." I was thinking that maybe with the guilty group identified, I could put some pieces together. For the first time in the last hour I was glad that I was being held captive; otherwise, I never would have gotten this close to Samantha without strangling her.

"Celine, like I said ... Dardennes, Malena, Torrie, Maggie of course ... Ben, Leck ... maybe some others. I don't remember all of their names."

"You've remembered enough," I said absently, trying to figure out how they were all connected. "Fuckers have been playing me from the beginning." I looked up. "But Celine? Her I have a very hard time believing."

Samantha shrugged. "I heard her name a lot from Maggie and Malena. Neither were happy with her."

I felt a glimmer of hope. "That's a good sign as far as I'm concerned. Any enemy of Malena's is a friend of mine."

"Don't be so sure about that," she said. "Any of us can be fooled. I've learned my lesson; I suggest you learn it too."

"Did you know we're supposed to be related?" I asked her, venturing into territory I had sworn I'd never go to voluntarily.

"I heard something like that," she said, a guarded expression on her face.

"What do you think? Is it true?"

She shrugged. "Could be possible. Everything I thought was impossible before is suddenly part of my reality, so I never say never anymore."

I half-smiled at how that sounded exactly like something I'd said before about my own new life. "What is your family name, from like, way back?"

"I have no idea. I was in foster care most of my life. I was left abandoned at a hospital when I was, like, two years old. Too old to be adopted, I guess." She shrugged.

"Oh. Shit. Sorry." Her anger at life was starting to make sense, and my past anger at her was starting to make me feel uncomfortable. Maybe I hadn't exactly been fair.

"Whatever." She shrugged again. "That's the breaks, right?"

I nodded, but I really didn't agree. That shouldn't be how life goes for any kid, especially a two-year-old. I looked down at the sleeping pixie next to me, glad he was always going to have someone around who wanted him, even when he was stuffing pollen balls up people's noses.

"So ... what are we going to do now?" Samantha asked, looking not quite as depressed as she had earlier.

I searched the room for answers. All I saw were my friends hanging in cages and a dirty, empty room beneath us. Triden had left during our conversation, and no one else had come in to take over, making me wonder if a group of brownies would be descending on the place soon to work their magic.

"We have to get out of these cages and back to finding the dragons," I said, not sure how that was going to happen.

"They're here, you know," she said. "The dragons."

"Here? In this mountain?" I asked, not sure whether I was understanding correctly or not.

"Yeah. In a cave with access to the outside, so they can fly in and out."

"How'd you learn about that?"

"Shayla. Before she left us she gave us some info to try and help us."

"Why'd she leave you?"

"She was attacked, actually." We took off running and lost track of her.

It sounded too eerily familiar. "By angels with black wings?" I asked, hoping the answer would be no.

Samantha nodded. "Yeah. You saw some?"

"They came after Beau, too. What are they?"

"Demon angels from the Underworld. They've been slipping in through the void like everyone else."

"Courtesy of Ben," I said, my anger coming through in my voice.

Samantha looked at the floor of the cage. "Yeah. I think so."

"Did you help him with that?" I asked.

Samantha's head jerked up, her eyes blazing with earnestness. "No. I had nothing to do with that. I knew he was working with some others to bring demons up to the Here and Now to scare people a little bit, but I had no idea he'd gone this far." She looked over at him in his cage and leaned in closer towards me again, speaking softer now. "I'm not even sure he knew exactly what he was getting into. He seemed as surprised as we did about the dark angels."

"You wish," I scoffed.

"No, I mean it. He didn't look happy. He looked scared, actually."

I didn't believe her, but I did think that she believed herself. I was struggling to hang onto reasons to hate her, but my conscience wasn't making it easy.

"What? Why are you looking at me like that?" she asked, sitting back and wrapping a string she'd pulled out of her tunic around her finger, turning the tip of it white.

"I'm just ... trying to figure you out, is all."

She breathed out in a bitter huff. "I haven't made that easy, I guess."

"No. Not at all. You were my sworn enemy an hour ago."

"Now what am I?" she asked, not looking at me and pulling on the string that was strangling her finger for all she was worth.

I shook my head. Life was so messed up. How could all the feelings of anger and hate and bitterness against her just be melting away like frost off a heated windshield? I thought they were a permanent part of me, something that would never leave, let alone be replaced. Replaced with what? Pity? Respect? Friendship? It was too much to figure out now. And maybe it wasn't even my choice. The thought was sobering.

I sighed heavily, feeling the weight of mature choices settling down over my shoulders. It would have been so much easier to just tell her to go to hell. "I don't know, Samantha. What do you want to be? You tell me."

I could sense that she wanted to speak, but there was something holding her back. I could almost see it burning her up inside. "Say it," I urged. "What's the worst that could happen? I could tell you to f**k off, and then we'd be back to normal again, right? No harm, no foul." I waited with bated breath, wondering what she was going to reveal about herself. Would it be her deep-seated hatred of me, impossible to dismiss with a single conversation? A desire to ring my neck with her bare hands? Something worse?

She whispered something unintelligible.

I leaned towards her a little. "What? I didn't hear that. Talk louder."

"I said ... friends." She looked up, the vulnerability in her eyes nearly killing me. "I'd like to be friends. The real kind. Like you are with Tony."

I opened my mouth to speak, but no words would come out. Is she serious or is she mocking me?

She rushed to keep talking. "You don't have to say anything. I know you can't do that. Not with me. Not now. I was just saying ... you know ... someday maybe. If you can stop hating me, eventually." Her voice sounded strangled and wheezy as if her throat had closed up most of the way.

Truth, truth, truth, truth ... The genuineness of what was being presented to me by my formerly sworn enemy banged around in my head. A vision of Maggie's beady but all-seeing eye pierced through my memories, making the sensation even more intense. Truth, truth, she's telling the truth.

I said the first thing that popped into my head. "Why on earth would you want to be friends with me?" How does a person go from hating to liking in such a short period of time?

"Why would you ask me that?" she said, almost pitifully.

"I don't know ... you're a badass witch. You hate me. Everyone thinks you're the next big thing in witchyville. I'm a f**k-up. I swear too much. I do stupid shit all the time. I think Tony only keeps me around because he feels sorry for me."

"You can't possibly really think that," she said softly.

"I really do," I said. "Make a chart. There are a lot more people and fae in the 'Hates Jayne Sparks' column than the other."

"I'm not there."

I smiled. "No, you're in the 'Annihilate Jayne at First Opportunity' column."

She smiled back. "No. I'm in the 'Wannabe Disciple of Jayne' spot."

I snorted. "Please. Now you're laying it on a little too thick, don't you think?"

She shrugged. "I've messed up. I got in way over my head and trusted the wrong guy." She glanced over at Jared, so briefly I wasn't sure it had actually happened.

I looked over at him too and noticed right away he was staring at us. "Jared's a good guy, Sam." I looked back at her, and oh, how my heart was aching for this poor girl right now. I glanced over at Spike and saw his profile as he leaned against the bars of his cage, his hair sticking out all over, his straight nose, the lips that covered my favorite smile ever. I'd almost walked away from all he was so freely offering me. What an idiot I was. Not anymore. Samantha and I were both a couple of jerks when it came to guys. Maybe there was hope for her too.

She nodded, saying nothing, her chin to her chest. A tear fell from her face down into her lap.

"He really cares about you," I said softly.

She shook her head. "He left me behind," she whispered. "And Ben was just there. All the time, he's been there."

"Jared hated himself for leaving you, you know. He's just so blind to the council's orders sometimes. You can't fault him for his dedication, when it's something you want so badly for yourself."

She nodded, sighing wearily. "I know. I don't hold it against him. I just wish ... things could be different."

"I think they can. The Dark and Light Fae are together, thanks to Ben and Maggie f**king around in things they shouldn't have been. So why don't you take advantage of it and mend some fences, as Finn would say."

"I'm trying," she said, looking up, rushing to wipe the moisture from her cheeks.

"Yeah. I got that." I smiled. "Just relax. We have time to fix this stuff. Trust me."

"You have a spell up your sleeve to get us out of here?" she laughed at her own lame joke, as if me casting a spell would be a good idea in any situation, let alone one where we had to escape in one piece.

"No, not a spell. I've got friends, though." I nudged the baby lying on the floor next to me. "Hey, Baby Bee. Are you hungry still?"

He was sleeping on his chest with his arms and legs tucked under him, his little butt up in the air and his pants drooping down enough to reveal his tiny crack. He moaned a little at my words.

"Come on, little dude. Time to fly around. We need you to play spider nakies right now."

He sat up suddenly, his hair stuck out to one side, drool shining on his cheek. "Spider nakies? Where?" He looked around the cage blindly, sticking his lower lip out when he noticed no one was actually naked. "No spider nakies in here."

"Not us. You. I need you to do a special secret mission for us, just like your brave papa. If you do this, I'm going to get you a big, fat strawberry." I'd spied one on the floor under one of the benches earlier.

"You play too, Lellamental."

"Yeah, okay, I'll be right behind you." I acted like I was getting ready to take my tunic off. "See that key down there? The one hanging on the hook by the door?"

Willy crawled on hands and knees over to the edge of the cage to see where I was pointing. Once his eyes locked on the target he nodded.

"He can't get that, can he?" asked Samantha.

"Sure he can, Sam. This is no regular baby pixie. This is Tim and Abby's son. He's the strongest, smartest, fastest pixie baby in the entire realm. And he can fly really well."

Willy was busy scrambling out of his clothes, a huge grin splitting his little face. "Spider nakies, to the rescuuuueee!" he was shouting gleefully, tripping on his pants and falling on his ass.

"What's he saying?" she asked, staring at him intensely, possibly trying not to laugh.

"He's doing his war cry right now, getting ready to fly right at that key and bring it back to me so we can open this cage and get him some yummy strawberries, right Baby Bee?"

"Yes!" He stood quickly with one hand on his hip, his legs spread, his other hand held up above him in a clenched fist, baby man parts dangling down in an area I tried to avoid looking at.

"Why is he naked?" she asked, a look of fascinated disgust on her face.

"It's part of the awesomeness. Without the nakedness it would just be a spider game. Willy likes to feel the breeze, I guess." I tried to withhold the snickers that were battling to take me over. "Okay, Willy. Now I'm gonna do something special with this game, okay? You're gonna feel it in your belly, and it might tickle, but you just need to go get that key and bring it right back here, okay?"

He nodded his head, looking so much like his dad it made my heart ache.

"Okay, little buddy. Go for it." I pulled The Green up into me and had to immediately set the brakes on it, it was so powerful here and bubbling with enthusiasm to overtake me. Woof. Easy now. Just a little bit to get him strong enough to lift that damn key. I sent the energy into my little friend who'd just left the safety of our cage in flight.

I knew the moment it hit him because he zoomed up to the ceiling and then sideways, heading directly for Jared's cage. The daemon shot his hand out just in time to catch the pixie before he face-planted into the bars.

"Wooo - eeeeee, Lellamental! That doesn't just tickle my tummy! That tickles my booty too! Weeeeee!" He struggled out of Jared's grip and took off again.

"Willy! Get the key, you spaz! Get the key!" I shouted.

Everyone in the cages started rooting for him right along with me.

"Come on, Willy! You can do it, little guy!" yelled Finn.

"Get it, Willy. Get the key for Jayne!" shouted Tony.

"Woo hoo, get it little pixieman!" laughed Spike.

"Spider nakies to the rescue!" I yelled.

Jared clapped along with Niles. The only ones not cheering him on at this point were Samantha and Ben.

And then one more voice joined the fray. "Come on, Willy! You can do it!" yelled Samantha, looking over at me for a second before clapping her hands for him. She had a huge smile plastered on her face, and for a second, I could totally see her as a happy person. I'd never seen that vision with her before, and I had to admit, it wasn't awful.

We all watched as Willy bumbled his way over to the key, looking like a naked, drunk pixie possibly having a seizure in midair. He finally reached the key ring and gripped onto it with arms and legs, looking over at me. I couldn't see his little face, but I knew exactly what he was doing - smiling like a maniac.

"See me, Lellamental?!" he yelled. "See me! I'm doing it!! Spider nakies to the rescue!"

"That's it, buddy! You're doing it, alright! Bring it over here now! You can do it! You're the strongest pixie in the whole world!"

He set his little wings to buzzing triple-time, slowly but surely lifting that heavy key off the hook. Soon it was free, and he was immediately falling to the ground with its weight.

Samantha gasped.

I shot more energy into Willy's little body, trying hard to hold it back and give him only what he needed. The energy so badly wanted to rush in there and just blow him apart with the power. It was like a wild horse, bucking and straining to get away from me.

Willy rose up, the key in his spider nakie grip, and he made his way over to us in our cage, sometimes falling a few feet, sometimes diverting left or right, but eventually reaching my outstretched hand and falling down into my palm, completely out of breath. He rolled over onto his back, his arms and legs spread out, making him look like a very sorry, very limp starfish. "I did it, Lellamental," he gasped. "I'm ... the strongest ... one."

"Yes, you are, Willy. Yes, you are." I stood up carefully and drew my arm and his prone body back into our cage, handing the key that lay across his chest to my cage-mate. "Open it, Samantha. We need to get the hell out of here before someone comes back."

She rushed to fit the key into the lock and opened the door, leaning out a little to look at the ground below. "Now what?"

"Now one of us climbs up on top of this mother and goes over to that chain and shimmies down to the ground to lower all of these cages for us to get out of."

She looked at me, laughing at the ridiculousness of it. "Seriously? That's your plan? I can't do that; I'd fall and kill myself. Can you climb like that?"

I frowned, looking over the path I'd have to take to do it. "Uhhh, no. Probably not."

"Throw us the key!" urged Jared. "We can climb out."

I looked down at the exhausted naked baby in my hand. No way was he going to be able to fly that key anywhere else without some food first. He was half asleep again already. I picked up his clothes off the floor of the cage and urged him to get dressed before he was completely out. I'd already seen enough pixie parts to last me a lifetime.

Samantha walked over to the edge of the cage nearest Jared.

"Wait!" yelled Ben from the other side of us. "Toss it to me. I'm closer."

Samantha looked over her shoulder at him and then back at Jared, biting her lip. She turned to me. "What should I do?"

I shrugged. This one was all on her. Something just told me to stay the hell out of it and let her sink or swim on her own.

"Tell me!" she insisted, whispering loudly.

"It's totally up to you. Past, present, or future maybes. You decide."

Jared was in his cage, his hand held out, reaching towards her. His gaze was steady, calm, forgiving.

Ben had his arm out too, his body pressed against the bars. His gaze was penetrating, passionate, intense ... powerful.

Samantha looked from one to the other and then took a step closer to Jared. "Ready?" she asked him.

He nodded, his lips pressed together in concentration.

"Samantha! What are you doing?! Toss it to me, not him!" growled Ben.

I smiled to myself. As you sow, so shall you reap, motherfucker. I felt nothing but a sense of justice at seeing Ben left hanging in the dust.

It was like the world turned into a slow motion reel as Samantha lowered her hand down and then jerked it up, releasing the key at the apex of her upward swing. It sailed above the level of our cages, out towards Jared. His eye never left it, following its trajectory so he could capture it when it got close.

But the throw went long. The key was going to go over the cage and hit the wall behind it. I felt my hope deflate like a leaky ballon, as I saw our plan for escape disappearing into thin air.

Jared back-pedaled in his cage, walking blindly in reverse as he tried to adjust his catching stance, but he couldn't get to where he needed to be in time.

Just when I thought all hope was lost, a skinny arm and hand popped out of the top of the cage, snatching the key out of midair and pulling it down inside.

"Gotcha!" said Finn, a huge smile breaking out across his freckled face. "Tried to get away from me, but ya didn't know I played left field, did ya?" He held his hard-won prize out for Jared to take. "Open that lock, man. Let's get the H-E-double hockey sticks outta this joint. I got me a girl back home waitin' for me to come back in one piece."

"Gladly," said Jared. "Thanks for having my back, dude."

"Anytime, you know that, J-man." They fist-bumped before Jared reached around with the key to unlock their cage. Two seconds later Finn was shimmying over the top of the cage with a leg-up from Jared. With only one close call, he made it to the chain and then down to the ground where he was able to turn the cranks that lowered our prisons.

Jared rushed to Ben's cage, opening the door and releasing him, Spike, and Tony to join us. Tony and Spike came right over to give me huge hugs, and I gripped them as hard as I could while being careful to protect Willy's sleeping body that I held in my left hand. I stared at Samantha over my friends' backs as she stood off to the side trying not to look at us.

I released Tony and then Spike and walked over to Samantha. I held out my right hand. "Friends?" I asked, staring her down, daring her to take my offer.

She unfolded her arms and took my hand, thinking she was just going to give me a limp shake, but I refused to let it go until she looked me in the eyes.

"I mean it, Sam. Never throw this back in my face because I'm only offering once."

She nodded strongly. "I understand. I accept."

I sent some of The Green up into our joined hands, causing both of us to catch our breaths. Then we both nodded, staring at each other, acknowledging the connection that was there. The Green had made it all so clear. It wasn't the link that came from us touching hands that had come alive in our eyes; it was the deep roots we felt now that connected us as girls suffering the same kind of misunderstandings and neglect in our lives, and also as women who were related by blood somewhere up the line - two girls who might someday actually do something good in the messed up realm we called home, if they played their cards right and had the right friends at their sides.

Our hands broke apart, and I could no longer feel her skin touching mine, but I still felt her link. She was an official part of my life now, for better or for worse, and it was so much more meaningful than a fake bonding ceremony cooked up to manipulate and use people or fae. I looked over at Ben with disgust, hating how he'd played both of us. He was going to pay when we were done here, and if the look on Samantha's face was any clue, I was going to have help bringing the revenge. I sent my new friend a look that said, You f**k with one Blackthorne girl, you f**k with them all. She nodded once before turning and walking towards the entrance to the room.

"Where to?" asked Jared at her retreating form.

"To find a dragon and then to get the heck out of here," she said without even looking back.

"Hell, yeah. That's what I'm talking about," I said, bending down to scoop up three strawberries off the floor. "Come on, guys. Let's go dragon-hunting."

We filed out of the dining room, following the determined strides of Samantha. She was apparently following her nose because the smell of sulfur got stronger and stronger as we went on.

CHAPTER EIGHT

I WASN'T SURE WHERE ALL the dwarves had disappeared to, but we made it through I wasn't sure how much of their mountain home without even seeing or hearing a single one of them. It felt like we walked for an hour, much of it uphill, the smell of dragon breath getting more intense with nearly every step.

"Oh, man, gag a maggot, what is that unholy stench?" asked Finn.

"Dragon stink," I said. "They smell like egg salad sandwiches to me."

"Mmmm," said Spike, "I love egg salad. It's been way too long since I had some of that."

I patted him on the shoulder. "You may change your mind about that once you get an up close and personal whiff of this big daddy," I said, remembering all too clearly the size of the monster we were about to see.

Jared dropped back and walked next to me. "What can you tell us about this dragon, Jayne, or about dragons in general?"

I had to work really hard not to remind him and the others that I wasn't even supposed to be allowed here, and yet now they wanted all my knowledge and skills to help them out. That would have been petty, and I was dragon-hunting right now. I didn't have time for that crap, plus it didn't seem like as much fun right now, anyway. I just wanted to get this done and get home with all my friends in one piece.

"Well, they're about the size of T-rex dinosaurs, only minus the tiny forearms. They have big ones with claws large enough to skewer about three or four ... uh ... ," my gaze caught Niles ahead of me, and I changed my story accordingly, " ... smallish fae on the end of each one."

"They breathe fire, right?" asked Spike.

I half-expected Spike to already know everything about dragons; I had to keep reminding myself that he hadn't been with me in the Underworld, just the demon who looked like him.

"Yeah, they breathe fire. It didn't burn me at all, but that may have had something to do with me being an elemental. The demon there seemed to be pretty afraid of it."

"Any vulnerabilities?" asked Ben, barely sparing me a glance.

I so wanted to ignore him, but I couldn't. Whatever was going to happen to him would happen when we were back home - not here. "None that I saw. But The Dark definitely wanted his fang back, so I would suggest that we not do that - give them back, I mean. I had a feeling it would have made that fire a little hotter or something. Maybe I'm just crazy, but I figured it was better to be safe than sorry."

"No, I think you're right to withhold the weapon from them. There's a reason they're sacrificed during battle. They have power," said Jared.

"They have other teeth too, though. I mean, these beasts aren't defenseless without their fangs. We'd be like appetizers for them."

"What do dragons eat?" asked Finn. "Someone please tell me they hate green elves. Someone. Anyone?"

"They eat whatever they can get their claws on," said Ben. "But I hear around here it's deer and things like that."

I frowned. "You hear from who? Who told you that?"

"Shayla told us," answered Samantha when it seemed like Ben wasn't going to share. "She said they stay in the sides of mountains with openings that lead to caves they can sleep in and store their food in. They prefer ones that are higher up, not very close to the ground."

Well, that explains the upward climb and lack of friggin oxygen up here. "Did she clue you in as to what we could say to these monsters to get them to agree to our plan?"

"Nope. She said we'd hafta commune with the dang dragons, whatever the heck that means," said Finn, sounding very disappointed in our hostess.

"I say we tell them it has to be done ... don't offer them an option," said Ben.

I laughed at his arrogance. "And demanding shit and forcing fae and people into things has worked out so well for you in the past, it can't possibly go wrong with a dragon, is that it, Ben? Seriously?"

He ignored me, walking faster and pulling ahead of us.

"Just let it go," said Tony. "We can't afford to be fighting right now."

"I know," I said, partially disgusted with myself and partially mad at Tony for making me feel like an idiot.

"She's right," said Samantha. "We need to use a little finesse with dragons. They're at the top of the food chain, and the minute we forget that, the sooner we'll be french fried fae."

I tried not to be happy about having her on my side, but it was hard. She was smart and tough. "What do you suggest we do?" I asked her.

"I have no idea. You're the one with dragon experience. What did you do last time to get them to let you go?"

My face started to flame red with the memory. Tony stifled a giggle ahead of me, making we want to give him a flat tire on his stupid shoes, but they went up too high for me to pull the heel-part down. I placated myself with kicking one of his heels over to make his foot hook onto the other one.

He stumbled once but caught himself, speeding up to get out of my range. "Why don't you tell her about your narrow escape, Jayne?" he said over his shoulder, giggling some more.

I shook my head. "You guys don't need to know about the escape, since that was a witch's spell that held me kind of captive. What you need to know is how we communicated. All I can tell you is that it was in my head. The dragon spoke in my brain somehow. It was all lizardy too, with lots of hissing and stuff."

"Lizardy," said Jared, like he was trying the word on for size.

"Yeah. Lizardy. They're big friggin lizards, so what else do you want me to call it?"

He held his hands up. "Hey, lizardy works for me."

Finn and Tony were both laughing now, being smart enough to do it far away from me, up ahead. They were even past Ben now.

Just then I heard what could only be called a lizardy sound, slithering around in my head. I held out my arms to either side, stopping Samantha and Spike from going any farther. "Stop! You guys, stop!"

Finn and Tony kept going, oblivious to my warning.

"What is it?" asked Jared, turning to face me but still walking backwards.

"Don't go any farther!" I whisper-yelled.

Ben had stopped too, his head cocked to the side as if he were listening for something. Jared came up next to him, first watching Ben and then me.

I cupped my hands together to yell at Tony and Finn, but it came too late. Just as the words were leaving my mouth, a mighty roar came at us from up ahead, and the dim amber glow that had been lighting our way was overwhelmed by a bright orange and yellow light flooding every inch of the space.

We all screamed - even the guys - when the flames came right behind the light, lashing out and licking at the ones in front, namely Tony and Finn. They both screeched and ducked, covering their faces and turning to launch themselves in our direction. The flames immediately died down, leaving blackened soot in their wake.

We were back to being in a dimly lit hallway, only now we had two men down. Samantha and I ran over to join our friends who were crowded around Tony and Finn, still lying on the floor.

"Tony!" I yelled. "Finn! Are you guys okay?" I shoved Niles out of my way, dropping down in between them, reaching out to touch first Tony's back. They were both face-down on the stone floor. My hand made contact with Tony's tunic, and I immediately pulled it back, the material uncomfortably hot. I held the sleeping Willy up high so he wouldn't get too warm and wake up.

"Dude, are you okay?" asked Spike. "I smell burnt hair or something. Gah, that's gross."

Spike was right. It was the smell I remembered from when my hair got caught in the back of the hairdryer once. "Tony ... Finn ... talk to us," I said, placing my hand gently on Tony's back again. Willy snored away, blissfully ignorant to the drama in front of us.

"Uhhhh," moaned Finn. His words came out sounding slurred and at a slower speed then normal, which meant they were now four times slower than a normal person's. "What in the sam hill happened back there. My face is on fire! Did I get sunburned or what?"

"Can you roll over?" asked Samantha. "We can't see your faces."

Finn was the first to comply. As soon as we saw the result of being kissed by dragon fire, we gasped. It was one giant intake of breath by all of us, almost sounding fake it was so perfect.

Spike broke the silence that followed with a short laugh and then, "Damn, Finn. I thought you were ugly before, but now ... boy ... good thing you already have a girlfriend, that's all I have to say."

Tony rolled over next, and we had the same reaction upon seeing his face. I moaned when I saw his skin. "Ohhhh, shit no, Tony! Dammit! Why didn't you listen to me?" I wanted to touch him, but I was afraid I'd hurt him. His face was lobster red, and his eyebrows and eyelashes were gone. So where most of his bangs, too. Small blisters had already popped up on his forehead, nose, and chin.

"Well, I guess we have our answer to one question," said Niles. "Not everyone is immune to dragon fire."

"I know I ain't," said Finn, struggling to sit up. He looked over at Tony and said, "Holy shee-it! Dang, boy." He turned to face us. "Does my face look as bad as his?"

Now that we knew Finn and Tony were alive, it was really, really hard not to laugh at the freakish picture they both made. Samantha started the giggling, but eventually we all joined in. Even Niles snorted a couple times.

"Seriously, y'all? Is it bad? Am I butt-ugly like Tony is now?"

"Well," said Spike, barely able to breathe, "no one would ever accuse you of being pretty, that's for sure."

Finn looked over desperately at Tony and then me. "Do I have my eyebrows still?"

I shook my head sadly.

"My hair?"

"Not really," I said. "Some of it, but not all."

"Blisters?" he asked in a weak voice.

"Lots," I said. I couldn't even see most of his freckles anymore. They'd been blasted off or something.

"Oh dang-me. What am I gonna say to Becky? She's gonna wipe the floor with my sorry butt when she hears what I did."

I held my hand out to help him up, and Spike did the same for Tony. "Don't worry about her," I said. "She's just going to be happy to have you back alive, period. But do us a favor next time, and don't get so far ahead. I tried to warn you and tell you to come back, but you didn't hear me."

"How'd you know to stop?" asked Jared.

"I heard the lizardy sounds again."

Before anyone could mock me too hard, Ben spoke up. "I heard them too. I know what she means now. It's like a slithering, walking, and hissing. Part lizard part snake or something."

"Yeah ... see?" I ignored the fact that it was Ben lending credence to my stupid descriptions.

"Can you help them, Jayne?" asked Spike. "Give them a shot of The Green or whatever?"

I held Tony's and Finn's hands. "I can try." I pulled some of the energy into me and sent it to them, but I could see right away it was too much. And the dragon sensed it or something, because I could hear it moving around again. "I have to stop," I said, letting the element go. "It's attracting unwanted attention, and it's just too strong over here in this realm. I think it's dangerous to use it."

"It's okay. I feel better already," said Tony, smiling at me. His blisters were flattened and healed, and his lips didn't seem quite so chapped. But his hair was still gone and his skin way too red.

Finn was in pretty much the same shape. "Yeah. That's better. Thanks, girl," he said, hugging me quickly and then letting me go so he could reach up to touch his hair. He winced at what he felt there, whistling low under his breath. "Man, I ain't never been this ugly before, even after I lost a fight against three guys who whooped me every which way but sideways in junior high."

"Hair grows back. Come on, let's go see what's what," I said, urging him forward.

He stayed rooted in place. "Are you outta your cotton-pickin-mind? No way in sam hill am I goin' in there with that fire-breathin' dragon. Huh-uh. I'm stayin' right here. You go on ahead fire girl, if you must, but I don't recommend it. You're awful pretty now, but I ain't sure how pretty you'll be without your eyebrows 'n all."

I looked at the others. "I guess he's right. You guys should stay here." I looked over at Ben. "Are you coming?" I hated the idea of him being with me, but I disliked the idea of being alone even more.

He shrugged. "I'm not sure if I'm immune like you were. We don't even know if you are here like you were in the Underworld."

"I guess we might as well find out," I said. I glanced down at Ben's leg, noticing he still had his fang on him. "I think the dragon we want to talk to is the one who wants that tooth back. Be sure you don't hand it over."

"I know what not to do. I don't need you to tell me." He sounded like he was talking to a child.

I let his disrespect fall off me like water off a ducks ass. Let him screw crap up. I could care less, so long as most of us - everyone but him - got out of here alive and in mostly one piece. Missing a little bit of hair was about as much of an injury as I could handle without losing my cool.

Spike took an extra few seconds to envelop me in a strong hug, making me promise to be careful and taking Willy from me gently, closing his fingers over the pixie's sleeping form. I also transferred the strawberries to Spike's shirt pocket, hoping they wouldn't get too squished. He smiled at me, leaning down to kiss me gently on the mouth. I kissed him back quickly but pushed the warmth that rose up in my heart away, certain that going all mushy before interacting with dragons was a bad idea. I hugged Tony next, worried he hadn't healed enough to manage the rest of our trip, but also pushing those concerns to the side for now. I would mother him later, once I had made a deal with the dragon.

The others dropped back, and Ben and I moved forward side-by-side, me making sure to stay far enough away from him that our arms wouldn't touch. I hated the idea of making contact with him, even just a little bit. We walked in complete silence for a while, the only sound we heard the slapping of my moccasins on the floor.

"I see you've completely disregarded our bonding. How classy of you."

I snorted in disgust. "Our bonding ... oh, you mean that spell you and Maggie cooked up together? Blow it out your ass, Ben. I couldn't give a single shit what you think of me or Spike or anyone else. You mean less than nothing to me."

"You think you know, but you don't. But it doesn't matter. I got what I wanted, and everything's going according to plan."

His devious and self-satisfied smile made me feel sick, but now was not the time to get into a fight with this turd. Let him think he has the upper hand. He'll get his soon enough.

"Can't you walk quieter than that?" he asked, obviously annoyed.

"Can't you shut up and just listen for the dragons?"

We fell into an uneasy silence, part of my brain focused on how much I disliked Ben and the other wondering why we weren't hearing the lizard sounds anymore. We turned a corner in the cave and came upon a pile of stones. Or rather, I thought it was a pile of stones until we got closer, and then I realized they were actually bones, not stones.

"Oh sick," I said, giving the pile a wide berth. "That's just gross." I tried to avert my eyes, but I couldn't help but look for fae skulls. I didn't see any, thank goodness.

Ben held out his arm. "Hold my hand," he demanded.

"Hold your own damn hand," I said, pushing his arm away from me.

"Come on, it'll be safer."

"Says who? I think I'm safer avoiding you, to be honest. You just worry about you, and I'll worry about me."

"Jayne, that's stupid. We're dealing with a dragon here, not a simple fae creature. We need to have each other's backs."

I snorted. "Yeah, right. Like you have my back ever. The only thing you do with my back is stick a knife in it." I shook my head at his sheer nerve. He really was the most arrogant, conceited a-hole I'd ever had the displeasure of knowing.

"That's not true, Jayne, and you know it. Things between us haven't been all bad."

"No, Ben, I don't know it; and yes, they all have too been bad. I know that you lie, that you cheat, that you steal ... you do anything you want, regardless of the circumstances or who you hurt. You're Dark Fae all the way and destined for the Underworld someday. So keep your black f**king soul the hell away from me."

"That'll be pretty difficult seeing as how we're bound to one another."

I stopped in my tracks and started cackling. Loudly. I pointed at his face and laughed even harder for effect. After I'd emptied my stress out a little, I stood and fixed him with my hardest stare. "You just don't get it, do you? Newsflash, Ben. We are not bound, nor were we ever bound. Your little friggin witchy light show was busted by the angel you tricked and the witch you recruited to help you, and it means nothing. Nothing!" The look on his face was classic. "Yeah, surprise! Happy birthday, ass**le! I'm not anymore bound to you than I am to a donkey, which by the way, I'm pretty sure I would have enjoyed a lot more. So you can kiss my big white ass if you even think you're ever coming anywhere near me or living within a mile of me when we get back. We. Are. Through. No more games. No more bullshit. No more lies."

Ben stood there, fuming at me. I watched as emotion after emotion roiled across his face. He was mad, furious even, then confused, then angry all over again. He might have even looked hurt in there at some point, but I didn't give a flying filet-o-fuck about any of it.

"I did what I had to do. I did the right thing," he insisted.

I shook my head, disgusted with his conceit. "You are unbelievable, you know that? Come on. I'm bored. Let's find this dragon and get the hell out of here." I didn't wait for him, I just started walking again, avoiding stepping on any bones as best I could. I followed the stench and lights, knowing I was getting closer when the slithering sounds started up again and the lights began to flicker. I could hear Ben's footsteps as he crunched in the layer of small stones that were on the floor of the cave, but he said nothing and he no longer seemed to be interested in holding my hand. And that was just fine by me.

I got to a corner that seemed like it was probably going to be the last turn before we entered the spot where the dragon was hanging out, so I stopped and waited for Ben to catch up. When I felt him at my back, I said, "The dragon's in there. I figured we should just go in and try to talk to it."

"We don't know if I'm going to feel the fire or not," he said. "The dwarves took my elements away from me somehow. I don't know if it was just in that room or what."

"Try to contact fire and see," I said. I waited while he did his thing, but I knew right away it wasn't working.

He shook his head. "Nothing. Not fire, not wind."

"That sucks," I said, and I meant it. I knew what it was like not to be able to connect to the elements, when Ben took them away from me during my torture. Karma's a bitch. I got no pleasure out of that knowledge, though. If Ben got fried I was going to feel bad about it. No matter how much of a jerk he'd been, he didn't deserve to have his face melted off. Burned a little, yes. But not melted. Samantha's comment about not being happy about someone else's misery had apparently made an impression on me.

"So maybe you should just hang back here," I suggested. "I mean, maybe you won't feel the fire - I didn't in the Underworld even when the earth element was seriously messed up and I had to avoid it. But I'm not sure we should take a chance."

"Worried about me?" he asked bitterly.

"Not really. I just know how much you adore your face, and I'd hate to see you turn ugly. You'd probably kill yourself over it."

"I'm not that conceited," he said.

"Uhhh, yeah you are," I said, moving away from him to expose myself to the dragon.

I didn't know what to expect, but this hadn't been it. I stood there in shock, my eyes drinking in everything around me.

CHAPTER NINE

THE CAVE SPARKLED ON EVERY single part of its surface with some sort of hidden faceted gems or something. I babysat a kid once, and I left her alone with some glitter and some glue. After I came back about ten minutes later, this was what her bedroom looked like. Gold, silver, purple, pink, and blue sparkles winked at me from everywhere.

The cave was more a cavern in my book. It had a huge vaulted ceiling, glowing with that internal light that seemed to be everywhere in this mountain. The rock it was made of had the deep amber color, same as the hallways only with this added effect of rainbow-colored diamonds stuck inside it. Not one, but two dragons lay in the middle of the room, curled around one another, their necks intertwined, making it a little difficult in this dim light to tell which head belonged with which body.

But then they noticed me and their heads quickly separated, the larger of the two dragons moving its body to face mine as it positioned itself in front of its mate.

I held up my hands, hoping it meant the same thing in dragon body language as it did in fae. "Hi there, dragons." I searched my mind for their names. "Um, Light of Hawthorne and ... uhhhh ... Harriet? Harryman? Harrytown?"

"Heryon," came the slithery response, but I had no idea which dragon had said it.

"Yeah. Sorry. Heryon of Hawthorne." I curtsied, nearly falling over in the process. It so didn't work without a dress to hold on to and my complete lack of coordination in the face of killer dinosaurs. "I'm here at the request of the fae council, in the Here and Now, to ask you to once again come and stand at the doors of the portal. To be the portal guardians again." I gave them my winningest smile, hoping a little bit of charm would go a long way with these guys since it was all I had.

The smaller dragon, the purple female, came out from behind the larger silver one, stopping to stand at his side. Both of them were staring at me now, their forked tongues coming out every once in a while to lick their chops, hissing sounds mixing in with a low burning furnace rumble that could have been the dragons purring or possibly a fire building up in their chests that was about to blast my face off. It was hard to tell with my blood pressure so high and the pounding in my ears.

"Elementalllll ... ," came the first response. I was pretty sure it was the silver dragon speaking. I tried to erase the thought that it sounded like a deranged serial killer calling to me from a haunted house or something.

"Yes, that's me," I said as cheerily as possible, holding up a finger to indicate myself like I was in a friggin classroom or something. I was losing it. "We had a drink together that one time, remember? I got a little wasted, actually. No one warned me to only take a sip of that absinthe stuff."

"What do you offerrrrr," said the smaller dragon.

I fake-smiled, hoping I was pulling off the casual look I so needed to show them right now. "What do you want?" I asked, wondering if I would be so lucky as to get a request for a dark fae elemental as the trading piece. I'd be all Hell yeah! on that deal. One hot, fresh Dark Fae elemental, coming right up. I just happen to have one right here with me, as a matter of fact.

"Two thingssss ... ," said the purple dragon.

"Name it. I'll see what I can do," I said, nodding my head in encouragement.

"The weapon known as the Light of Hawthorne ..."

I took that to mean Ben's weapon and schooled my features to stay bland. "And?"

"And ... a companion ... "

I wasn't expecting that one. "Say what, now? Did you say a companion?"

"Yessss ...," said the purple dragon, now separating herself from her mate, taking slow, measured steps in my direction. She wasn't nearly as big as the silver dragon, but she was plenty big enough to scare the ever-loving shit out of me. I felt my bladder go loose and squeezed myself as hard as I could to keep from wetting my pants. Oh, please don't let her eat me. Please, I'll do anything, but I don't want to be dragon kibble!

"You feeearrrr meeee elementallll ... ," the dragon said when she was just ten or so feet away from me.

"Hell yes, I fear you. I'm ready to forget fifteen solid years of potty training right now, if you must know the truth."

"The dragon hassss no quarrel with you ..." She breathed her hot, eggy breath in my face, making me nearly swoon with the stench and withheld power. But the fact that she could have taken me down and was telling me she wasn't interested, helped me get over it quicker than I would have thought possible.

"And I have no quarrel with the dragons," I said, swallowing hard to get my voice down to its normal level. Right now I sounded like a strangled chicken. "Seriously, Heryon, I just want to help you get your jobs back. Unemployment sucks."

"Two conditionsssss, one solution. That isssss allll ... ," she said before snapping her jaws at me a couple times and then turning to join her mate again.

I was so cool right up until the snapping dagger fang thing. I felt myself get light-headed, and I almost passed out from the fear.

Ben decided at that moment to step from around the corner and join me. I'd never been so happy to be near that jerk in all the time I'd known him. He walked over slowly to stand at my side, his eyes never leaving the dragons on the other side of the cavern from us. I resisted grabbing onto his arm, though, like I wanted to. Instead, I looked back and forth between them and him, noticing there was some sort of stare-down going on.

"Uh, Ben? You might not want to do that," I suggested, getting nervous for him.

"What did they say?" he asked, almost mesmerized. It was like he couldn't tear his eyes away from them - or more accurately, the purple dragon. She separated herself from her mate again, stepping to the side. Ben followed her every move.

"She said they have two conditions. They want their tooth back and they want a companion."

He frowned, still not looking at me. "What kind of companion? They already have mates and they're dead."

The silver dragon obviously didn't like being referred to in that way because his huge jaws opened wide, and the low rumbling I'd been hearing all along became a deafening roar, as a fountain of fire came blasting out of his throat directly at us.

Even after already living through two separate dragon-eruption events, I still flinched and screamed at this one. But as soon as the flames got close, I knew I was going to be okay. My hair would remain on my face and head. I turned to look at Ben, reaching out for his arm, but I needn't have bothered. The look on his face told me that he was also immune to their fire, just like I was. He smiled, his eyes closed as the flames washed over him.

"Open your eyes," I said, smiling in spite of my anger at him.

He did, and as soon as he saw the colors, his face lit up with a grin. "Whoa. That's pretty amazing, isn't it?"

"Yeah, it is," I said, staring into the kaleidoscope. "I've never seen anything like it. The only thing that comes close is your fire."

"And it's really not as amazing as this, is it?" He turned to look at me, and he'd never been so handsome to me as he was in that moment. It was such a bummer that this beautiful package was wrapped around such a black heart. It totally forced the smile from my face, and I had to look away, shaking my head. What a waste.

"Your shit's pretty good, though," I said, looking into the fire again, refusing to acknowledge the hand he held out towards me.

"I never meant to hurt you, you know," he said, regret tainting his words.

"Save it for someone who gives a crap, Ben. It's not me, and it's not Samantha either."

He dropped his hand and once more faced the dragon whose fire was now dwindling. "What's next?" he asked.

"I guess we find out who this companion is supposed to be, and see if we can find it for the lady dragon. Then you hand over the tooth, and we get the heck out of here and find those other dragons in the Underworld."

The fire finally disappeared, leaving us once again in a much more quiet and less brightly-lit cave together.

"Who is the companion?" asked Ben of the purple dragon.

"The one who holds the one true weapon against The Light," she answered.

The silver dragon roared once, its head lifted to the ceiling and the flesh under its jaws rippling with the vibrations. Pieces of the cavern above us flaked off and fell down on my head. I hunched over a little, hoping a boulder wasn't going to come loose and squash me like a bug. I snuck a look upwards when the dragon was done freaking out, and didn't notice anything looking too dangerous. I turned my attention back to the dragons.

"What does that mean?" Ben asked, looking at me. "The one who holds the true weapon or whatever?"

I tried not to laugh at the ridiculousness of it, but a few snorts came out anyway. "Well ... the name of the silver dragon is The Light of Hawthorne. So if I were going to guess, I'd say the weapon is his tooth and you are the guy holding it." I looked over at the purple dragon, and she dipped her head at me.

"What? No way." Ben backed up a few paces, shaking his head no and holding his hands up in front of him, palms out. "No. Huh-uh. That's not me. No, no, no, no noooo. Nope. Not me."

"What's the matter, Ben? Personal sacrifice not your thing anymore?" I taunted. He was so full of inspiring bullcrap until the rubber hit the road; then he was just full of a bunch of hot air. "Coward," I spat.

He glared angrily at me. "You agree with this?! You think I should be relegated to a life of dragon companionship?!"

"What better way to serve the fae? To protect the realms? Go for it, Ben. Stand at the entrance, and keep the guardian happy. You'd be like the boss of the Overworld. That sounds right up your alley, actually." He'd probably change his title from companion to 'King' in the first week.

"No. I have things to do in the Here and Now."

"Don't you mean in the Underworld? Demons to raise from the dead and all?" I challenged.

"You have no idea what you're talking about."

"Oh, I have an idea, alright. Sam filled me in on your plans. Not very smart to screw her over the way you did. Not very smart to screw me over, either." I rested my hand on my dragon fang, almost hoping he'd come for me. It might not burn with dragonfire here, but it sure could give him a nice lump on his forehead.

"I didn't screw anyone over. Everything I did was for everyone's good."

"See? That's your fatal flaw, Ben. You just don't get the fact that using people for your own secret plans is not cool. People who get used don't like it; they end up hating the user. So now where will you be without any friends, huh? All alone, that's where. All alone with nothing but your big, fat head to keep you company." I glanced over at Heryon. "Oh, and a purple dragon who obviously doesn't care about your past, lucky for you."

"Shut up, Jayne. You're just a child. What do you know?"

I snorted. "More than you, apparently. I don't sell my friends out, but that's just basic common sense. Anyone as old as you ought to have learned that by now."

"Friendship is a commodity," he snarled.

"Ha! Friendship is not a commodity. Friendship is a gift! A precious gift that you don't deserve since you treat it so casually and carelessly." I saluted to the dragons. "I'm outta here. Dragons, I agree to your terms. I'll deliver your companion and the tooth at the portal in two weeks' time." I hoped that would give me enough time to get from here, to the Underworld, and back home. I had no idea where the portal even was, but I knew that someone in the compound did, and we had an airplane. I could get there if the safety of the world was at stake.

"You have no right to negotiate my agreement to this plan!" Ben yelled, furious with me now.

"I guess you'd better find that dragon a companion then and hand over that fang, because I'm pretty sure the world doesn't have that much time left without her at that door; and your stupid plan to get the humans all riled up has already backfired. There are friggin demons in the Overworld now, thanks to you."

"It wasn't just me," he said in a quieter voice.

"Yeah, I know. You had Torrie and Maggie and Celine and all of them messing around with scryings and mimickers and who the hell knows what else. You've gone too far, Ben, and now it's time for you to make it right."

The two dragons turned in unison, their wings unfolding from their backs as they walked away from me and towards an area of the cavern that had been behind me. I watched as their tails disappeared and then seemed to go up into the air. A gust of wind pushed me back, making me run over to see what had happened.

When I rounded the corner, I stopped suddenly, my heart instantly picking up from its already accelerated pace. I was staring out of the opening of a cave high at the top of this mountain, the edge of a sheer cliff just one foot in front of me. One more step, and I'd be airborne.

Ben came up behind me, standing at my back. My hand gripped the rock next to me, my nails digging into its surface. I had no idea what he was going to do, but the thought crossed my mind that this would be the perfect opportunity to off me, if that was what he had planned for me. There were no witnesses to see it go down, and I didn't have wings. I'd be a goner for sure.

"Please don't kill me," I whispered, vibing Tony as hard as I could. Help, help, help, he's going to push me!

"What did you just say?" asked Ben from behind me. I could feel his breath on my neck.

"I said please don't kill me." I was afraid to turn around, he was so close to me we'd be nose to nose if I did.

The sounds of running feet broke into our conversation from behind.

"Ben!" came Spike's voice. "Get away from her!"

Ben grabbed me by the upper arms, wrenching me to the side a little.

I screamed, my foot slipping in the loose gravel at the edge of the ledge, causing me to lose my grip on the ground.

Ben was seized from behind by someone, which, because he hadn't let go of me, threw me to the ground on my side, my lower legs now dangling over the edge of the cliff.

Ben fell down right after me, landing partially on top of me, pushing all the air out of my lungs in one big groaning whoosh. He rolled to the side to get off, but must not have realized how close he was to the edge, because he just kept going, not enough ground there to hold him up.

I felt his arms sliding down my legs and heard him yell, just as the realization hit me. He's going over the edge! And he's using me to stop his fall!

The weight of him hanging onto my legs and pulling me down from over the edge was too much to be able stop the momentum with the complete lack of handholds that I had in the ground under me. I was going over too. I screamed bloody murder, not ready to die, not ready to be squashed into a flat bloody pancake or battered by granite for a thousand feet or more. The fear rose up from my stomach, ready to announce itself as a stream of vomit.

Strong arms grabbed onto mine, halting my downward progress and my plans to spew my last meal. I looked up, tears streaking my face, my expression frozen into one of desperate horror, to see Spike holding onto one arm and Jared holding the other. I'd never been so happy to see my two friends as I was in that moment.

"We've gotcha, Jayne! Just hold on!" yelled Jared. Spike just grunted with the effort of holding me and keeping me from dying a painful death at the bottom of this cliff.

Tony was standing at the opening. "Ben's down there too! He has her legs!"

The guys were grunting, their feet unable to grab hold enough with the loose pebbles there. They were slowly losing ground.

Finn got behind Spike and reached over him to grab my arm farther down. Samantha got behind Jared and took him by the waist, hauling back as hard as she could. Niles did the same behind Spike. Sam's face turned beet red within seconds, veins popping out in her neck. My body moved up with their combined effort, but I felt Ben's hands slipping from my legs.

"Aaargh!" Ben yelled. "I'm ... fall ... ahhhhh!"

I flew upwards as Ben's weight disappeared from my legs and my friends kept pulling with all their might. I shrieked at the knowledge that Ben was falling from the cliff and I couldn't stop it.

"Oh my god!! He's gone!" I screamed, scrambling around on the stones, now out of harm's way and on top of a pile of my friends' legs. "Oh my god, oh my god! He's gonna die!"

I was still on my stomach, but I spun around and slid off my friends, the rocks digging into my belly. I had to see him. Maybe there was a tree sticking out or something he could grab. Maybe he hadn't really fallen. I leaned over as far as I could, but I saw nothing but a few wispy clouds. His screams had stopped, and the only thing I could hear now was the wind whistling past my ears, blowing my loose hair all around my face, sticking it to my cheeks now wet with tears.

We remained completely silent, the only sounds to be heard once I'd scooted back away from the edge, the sniffling from most of us crying. The only one who wasn't bawling was Niles, but I looked up in time to see him wiping his eyes.

"What happened?" asked Tony in a choked voice.

Before I could answer, I heard yelling again. And it was coming from below us. Down below the clouds.

"Is that ... ?" I asked, crawling on my hands and knees to look back over the edge and then over my shoulder at my friends. "Did you guys hear that?" I whispered, afraid I'd imagined it.

Jared looked at me and then Finn. "It sounded like ... Ben."

Spike nodded. "Yeah, I heard it too. Definitely Ben. And not sounding dead or unhappy, actually."

I turned my head to the side, aiming my ear to the space over the edge, hoping to hear him again. At first there was nothing, but then there was another yell. This time it was more like a shout of happiness, though.

I frowned. "What the hell?"

And then a figure burst out from the clouds just below us, and I scrambled to get away from the edge of the cavern, as far away from the illusion I was seeing as I could.

I mowed over Spike and Finn in my urgency and complete lack of finesse, causing a minor pile up at the entrance, making it really difficult for the purple dragon and its elemental rider to enter the dragon's lair.

"Get back!" shouted Ben, sounding more commanding than he ever had prior to falling off a cliff. "We need to come in," he yelled from the back of the purple dragon, a grin splitting his face from ear to ear.

CHAPTER TEN

WE WAITED FOR BEN OUTSIDE the mountain, Willy sound asleep in a little sling I'd made for him around my neck. After he ate one of the strawberries I found for him, he was fat and happy, his yawns so big they nearly swallowed his face. By the time we made it out of the mountain, he was snoring lightly under my chin, reminding me painfully of his father who had probably destroyed his hairdo completely by now with his worry over his son.

We had to take the long way down out of the mountain, through twisting damp and dark tunnels. We hid behind outcroppings and inside crevices in the walls to avoid coming into contact with the dwarves who still hadn't figured out we weren't being held captive anymore.

We stood in a copse of trees near a clearing not far from the exit we'd found, all of us watching in awe as Ben was delivered in style, coming in for a landing on the back of the purple dragon again.

I noticed as he got off that he didn't have the dragon fang weapon strapped to his leg anymore. The holster was there, but it was empty. "Where's your weapon?" I asked as he walked towards us, his swagger impossible to ignore.

"You should know. You're the one who struck the bargain." He smiled patiently at me. Arrogantly.

I rolled my eyes. As if his head wasn't big enough already. This whole dragonrider business was definitely going to be a problem.

Ben turned to the dragon and stared into one of her eyes for a few seconds before backing away, giving her room to take off. She leaped up and beat her wings hard, pushing herself up high enough to catch a current of air that lifted her up into the clouds above us. We quickly lost sight of her.

Niles turned and began walking into the trees, and all of us followed. Ben was last, still looking back from time to time at the spot where he'd gotten off his fancy ride.

"What did Ben mean by that, Jayne?" asked Tony, the first one to speak since the dragon had made her majestic entrance and then exit.

"Yeah, what was the bargain?" added Jared.

Niles just grumbled, but I couldn't tell if he was actually saying anything.

There hadn't been time for me to explain everything as we made our way out of our prison, but now that we were trudging through the woods back to the Elysian Fields, I no longer worried so much about being overheard. "The dragon wanted two things to be the portal guardian again. She called the shots. She wanted her mate's tooth back and a companion for herself."

"A companion? Like another mate?" asked Finn. He looked back at Ben, trying not to snicker.

"No, not like a mate, you dork," I said. "More like just someone to keep her company at the gate, maybe. I'm not exactly sure, actually."

"I can tell you," said Ben, his voice full of self-importance as he caught up to us. "My job will be to keep her company from time to time, visit different places with her, and talk about the realms and what's happening as the years go by."

"Sounds ... interesting," said Spike, walking backwards. "Does that mean you're stuck there at the portal all the time?"

"No. But it does mean that I have free reign over both realms, though - the Overworld and the Here and Now. And I might have some influence over who leaves the Overworld too."

"How do you know all this?" asked Niles, not sounding very happy over the prospect.

"She told me. It's the role she used to play for the former guardian. He can't do that for her since he was killed, so she needs a substitute."

"Another mate," said Finn, now not bothering to hold back the snickering.

"No, not a mate. Don't be ridiculous. Just someone to keep her company. That's it."

"Well, I think it's cooler than cool that you got to ride a dragon, and that she saved your sorry ass from getting smashed on the rocks below that cliff," I said.

Ben grinned at me. "It was cooler than cool. You've got that exactly right. I've never felt anything like that, not even when I rode the wind. It's completely different."

"How'd you hang on without a saddle or reins or a mane or whatever?" asked Finn.

"She has several small, curved horn kinda things coming out of her back near her neck that I held onto, and a couple on her sides that I could hook my feet under to keep from falling off when she went sideways. But a lot of the time I didn't need to hang onto anything. The way her head is designed, it makes most of the air move up over not only her head but over any dragonrider on her back. It was a surprisingly smooth and quiet ride, and her back was warm too even in the high altitude."

"Dragonrider," I said, almost to myself. The idea was almost unthinkable. Unbelievable. Unimaginable, even. I could hardly wrap my brain around the fact that dragons themselves existed, but that they'd let you get on their backs and ride with them over the air currents and through the clouds with the angels? Gah! Too unreal. Too freaky. Too badass. I was jealous.

"It's not all good," said Samantha to me very softly.

I glanced over my shoulder at Ben, but he hadn't heard her. He was too busy regaling Spike and Finn with the story of how he and his new dragon buddy flamed a couple demon angels in midair, and how they were going to single-handedly rid the Overworld of the interlopers. I shook my head at his ridiculousness. He'd completely disregarded the fact that it was his fault they were here in the first place. Instead of considering himself the hero of the hour, he should have just been looking at it as his duty. But no, not Ben. He was too busy creating his own reality.

"Seriously. He's got to be careful."

Samantha was sounding all dire and doomsday, which definitely got me curious. Much as I kind of wanted karma to come do some ass-kicking on Ben's sorry butt, I had to know what she meant. If there was danger associated with this whole deal, he should probably know what it would be before he totally committed himself. "Why? What's the big deal with dragonriding?"

"It's not just that. It's dragon companionship in general. Riding is only part of it."

I frowned. "How do you know anything about this stuff?"

She looked down at the ground, and for a minute there I thought she wasn't going to answer me; but then she said, "I saw some things. Maggie told me others. Dragons are powerful creatures, not just with their muscle and fire and stuff. They can influence fae and definitely people ... humans ... without them realizing."

I looked over at Ben whose head was about twice its normal size, as far as being filled with hot air was concerned, and I nodded. "I can see that. I know riding a dragon and kicking ass in the air would make me feel pretty special."

"Dragonriders are special. It's just ... without ties to the ground, they don't stay dragonriders for long."

"What happens to them?" I whispered.

"I don't know," she whispered back. "But it's not good."

"What do you mean, you don't know but it's not good? That doesn't even make sense. Didn't Maggie tell you that part?" Typical Maggie - leaving out the punchline. Assbag that she is.

"No, she didn't tell me. But I'm not even sure she knew the answer. She was speculating, relying on scrying and rumors and even some runework."

"Ruinwork? What the hell is that?"

"Not ruinwork. Runework. It's reading ancient runes or symbols. Kind of like tarot cards in a way. You know, like having your palm read - same kind of theory or whatever, but connected to the fae magic."

I nodded sagely. "Ahhhh. I see ... that I have no friggin idea what you're talking about. But it sounds cool." I looked over at her. "Can you do that? Runework?"

She shrugged. "I'm learning. I'm not that good at it yet."

"Okay, well if you ever get the final answer on that dragonriding side-effect situation, let me know."

"You'll be the first one I tell, believe me."

I laughed. She sounded so serious. "Why me? You know I'm not bound to his stupid ass. I have no responsibility for him or what he does or says."

"Why you? Because. You're not bound to him, sure ... but you might end up in his shoes not that long from now, which could actually be worse than being bound to him."

I was confused for a second. "What are you talking about?" What could possibly be worse than being bound unwillingly to Ben?

She put her hand on my arm to stop me from walking, turning me to face her. "What if the dragon in the Underworld asks for the same deal?" She looked down at my leg, the one with the dragon fang attached to it.

My face blanched as all the dots connected in my brain and I realized that she was talking about not only me riding a dragon but also me being tied to it for all of eternity. And not only that, but it would be the friggin mean-ass demon dragon and not a nice, fancy purple one. I felt like I was going to have a coronary. I had to hold my ribs to keep my racing pulse from pumping my beating heart right out of my chest. I started wheezing with the effort of just breathing past the visions that were assailing my mind's eye.

Spike came over to join us. "What's wrong?" he asked, resting his hand on my back, rubbing it a little.

I waved him away, unable to answer.

"What's wrong with her?" he asked Samantha over my shoulder. "What'd you say to her?"

His tone had gone angry, so now on top of my freak-out over dragonriding, I was worried that he was going to say the wrong thing and possibly upset the delicate balance of the new relationships I had with him and Samantha, and also possibly cause a big-time ruckus when we were trying to get the hell out of these messed-up woods without being seen or heard.

Samantha tried to explain. "We were just talking about the dragonriding thing and ... "

"Spike, stop," I said, interrupting her so she wouldn't feel like she had to explain herself or apologize. "She didn't say or do anything. It's just me freaking out a little bit, I'll be fine." I began walking again, quickly so we could catch up to the others.

"You don't look fine," he said, walking next to me and holding my arm to steady me. "What can I do? Do you need a piggyback?"

He grinned at me with those teeth of his, and I smiled back in spite of my sudden onset panic-asthma, which was now calming itself, probably thanks to Spike's concern. "No thanks. But I might take a raincheck for later." I tripped over a log just after I said that, causing me to amend my answer to Spike's offer. "Or maybe soon. But not now." I laughed to myself at how I'd just gone from potential dragonrider in my mind to piggyrider. It was probably more suited to my personality, truth be told.

Once Spike was sure I was okay to walk without tripping over myself, he let go of my arm. "You just say the word, and I'll be there for ya." He left me to go be with Tony and Finn again.

I sighed at his dedication. For some reason his wanting to take care of me didn't piss me off like it might have in the past. It was nice to know that someone would be there for me if I fell, and that this someone was Spike, the most amazing guy I knew - probably exactly as amazing as Tony but in different ways. But they did have one thing in common; I couldn't imagine life without either of them anymore, and I didn't want to.

"You're lucky," said Samantha, looking over at Spike.

"Yeah, I know." I smiled to myself. "I hope I never forget that again."

"You forgot it before?"

"I didn't exactly forget it, but I wouldn't say that I appreciated it like I should have."

"Regret. It sucks."

"Yeah, tell me about it." I looked over at her just in time to catch her staring at Jared again.

"Why don't you go talk to him?" I asked.

"I can't. He's mad at me. And I don't blame him. I screwed up."

"I don't think he's mad at you. And if he is, he'll get over it. Jared's fair, much fairer than me. And he knows what Ben's capable of. Just talk to him. You never know until you try, right?"

"Maybe later," she said, back to staring at the ground again.

Matchmaking was definitely not my specialty as Tony could attest to, but maybe when we got back home I could try to help her out. I'd probably have to do it with either Tony's or Spike's help, though. I didn't trust myself to say the right things at the right time. My own love life was complicated and confusing enough. I had no hope of figuring out Samantha's or Jared's on my own.

After about an hour of kicking through leaves and climbing over dead wood, we finally made it back to the meadow where Spike and I had landed. Tony was just about to walk out into it, when I put up an arm to stop him.

"What?" he said, looking down at the barrier I'd made.

"Don't go out there, anyone." I looked at everyone to make sure I had their attention. "Something's up with this field. When Spike and I landed in it, weird shit happened."

"She's right," confirmed Spike. "Seriously weird shit, especially with her."

"Hey!"

"What happened?" asked Jared.

"I don't remember all of it - just that I didn't want to come out, and I had kind of lost my grip on reality."

"How'd you fix it?" asked Finn.

"Chase flew me out of there," I said, my voice going a little hoarse over the memory of our talk that happened after he'd rescued me.

Niles stood at the edge of the grasses, hand on hips. "Well? How do we get back home? I hope you don't expect me to stand here all day. I have things to do. The Underworld isn't going to be as easy as this one, I can promise you that. We have preparations to make."

I really didn't want to know what preparations he had to make for the Underworld. I was already formulating my do-not-get-involved plan in my mind. All I had to do was convince Tony not to go, and we'd be all set. We could kick back in the compound, chill with Tim and Scrum, and hand my fang over to some other dragonrider wannabe. Because I was most def not the dragonrider type. I was more the forest-path-walker kind of girl.

"Tony, can you get us into the Gray from here?" asked Jared.

"I need an angel to help me," he said, looking up into the sky.

"Preferably not one o' them demon kind too, if y'all don't mind," said Finn, scanning the skies warily.

"Oh, fudge," said Tony, his eyes looking off in the distance.

I grabbed his arm. Tony almost never even fake-swore, so I knew this meant nothing good. "What? What can you see?"

I followed his gaze, but all I could see were clouds.

"It's a black-winged angel. Over there," he said, pointing to a spot that looked like pretty purple and blue sky to me.

I squinted my eyes. "Are you sure?"

"I see it now, too. Everyone! Get back in the trees!" ordered Jared.

He didn't have to tell me twice. I grabbed Tony's hand and practically dragged him with me, getting past the first trees on the edge of the field and hiding behind the biggest one I could find. The rest of our friends spread out around us, each choosing a different hiding spot.

Within a few seconds I could see the angel. The wingspan on this mother was huge, possibly bigger even than Chase's, but the wings themselves were black - so black, it was impossible to see their individual feathers. When the angel was just over the field, I could see that she was a girl, or more accurately, a woman. And she was wearing the skimpiest outfit I'd yet to see in the fae or angel world. She had leather pants that were mostly just straps, and some straps that went around her chest. But they conveniently missed her boobs. I looked over at Finn, and sure enough, his tongue was practically hanging out. We were about to be attacked by Dark Angel SandM Barbie, and I was pretty sure he didn't mind one bit.

She landed on bent legs, her fingers touching the ground lightly before she stood and faced us. "Come out and face your end!" she demanded, pulling a long deadly-looking sword from a sheath at her hip. The thing went down nearly to her ankle, the blade long enough to chop four or five heads off at the same time.

"Woof," I said in open admiration of her badass-ed-ness.

"You are not kidding," said Tony in a soft voice.

I nudged him. "Put it back in your pants, or I'll tell Felicia."

He turned to frown at me. "I have all items inside my pants, for your information. I was looking at the sword."

I smiled. "Sure you were. Don't worry. That's what I'm going to put in my report."

He nudged me, turning back to the show.

Jared had stepped out from behind the tree, his hands held up in front of him. "Hello. We do not mean you any harm, and we don't want to fight. We're just trying to return to our realm."

"Which realm would that be?" she asked, a mocking smile playing across her lips.

"The Here and Now."

"Perhaps if you had wanted to be in that realm, you should have stayed there."

She had a point. I was really, really wishing that we had at this particular moment.

Finn came out next, also with his hands up. "Ma'am, I'm sorry if we upset you by bein' here, but we promise to leave A-S-A-on the double P, if you'll just step aside."

"I have a better idea," she said slyly, taking a step towards Finn. "How about I put your head on a pike and stick it on the edge of this field?"

Finn swallowed hard. "Uh, no thank you, ma'am. I'd appreciate it if we could just keep my head where it belongs on my shoulders."

She took one more menacing step towards Finn and Jared, and that was all it took to piss me off beyond reason. I left the safety of the tree and strode over to stand by my friends, realizing once I got there that Samantha had done the same thing, coming from the other side. Recklessness obviously ran in the family.

The angel stopped walking, now about twenty feet away from us. She smiled evilly. "Isn't this sweet. Friends."

I felt a glimmer of hope, like maybe she was second-guessing her attack plan. Until, of course, she finished her thought.

"Your heads will look nice for my collection."

"No one's losing any heads today," said Samantha.

"At least none of us," I added. In my head I started calling in the troops. Beau! We're ready to go back now! Come get us and this angry demon bitch who's here to chop our heads off! Beau! Shayla! Chase! Hello! I hope you're out there!

I heard a movement behind me and turned to see Niles, and Tony behind us. Spike took up a position next to me.

"Come to get a closer look?" I asked him, looking up at his face. I was surprised to see him looking at me and not the angel.

"No. I've come to keep you from doing anything ... unwise."

"You mean stupid."

He shrugged. "I prefer my word."

I smiled, turning back to the angel, feeling only slightly more comfortable about our situation now that we had our whole group here. I was the only one with a weapon of any kind, but it wasn't going to do anything against that sword she had lifted and pointed in our direction.

"Who shall be first?" she asked, slowly moving her sword over the group, maybe trying the blade on our necks for size, I wasn't sure. But it was creepy as hell when the thing was pointed at me, that was a definite.

"None of us," said Samantha.

And then I felt something in The Green. An energy signature pulling from the source at our feet. I looked over at Samantha and noticed the look of concentration on her face. Uh-oh. Magic in the Overworld. This probably isn't going to go well.

No sooner had the thought left my mind than a bolt of some sick shit came out of Samantha's raised hand. I smiled and almost yelled, Hey! I remember that trick! but thought better of it and resisted. It was the same bolt of lightning or white laser or whatever that had kicked Becky's ass when Samantha had tried to get into our compound.

It should have hit the angel square in the chest, but she was too fast for us, lifting her sword and using it to deflect the beam. Thank the Overworld, it didn't ricochet the damn thing towards us or it probably would have taken at least one of us out permanently. Instead it just fizzled and kind of melted down the blade of the sword, eventually disappearing into the air as smoke.

The angel smiled. "An excellent choice. I shall take the witch's head first."

"Moriah!" boomed a voice from above our heads.

I ducked involuntarily, recognizing the voice but not the volume.

"What in the sam hill?" asked Finn from his position on the ground. He'd gone down to his belly, his hands flapping around as if searching for arrows to grab and put in a bow he didn't have.

"It's Beau," I said. "I called him in. Shayla too."

The angel, Moriah apparently, had turned to face her opponent. Beau landed on the ground in front of us, effectively blocking her access to our heads. He was soon followed by Shayla, who landed next to him, her giant sword out now and held up in challenge at the black-winged angel.

"Moriah. What an unpleasant surprise," said Shayla in a saccharine-sweet voice.

"Come to protect your food supply?" Moriah asked.

"We don't eat fae, as you well know, Moriah. We have not lost touch with humanity as you have."

She shrugged. "A wise choice. More food for me. Now step aside so I can dine."

"She wants to eat us?" asked Spike. "I thought she just wanted to chop our heads off."

"I think that's just for her personal entertainment," I said, speculating that this demon was one that fed off fae energy, but also one that had zero interest in ever getting a second chance in the Here and Now. She was an Underworld lifer.

"Not today, Moriah. It's time for you to go back where you belong."

She grinned. "But I prefer it here. I think I'll stay a while longer." She raised her sword.

Shayla raised hers in return, speaking to Beau without taking her eyes off the black-winged crazy bitch. "Take them back to their realm. I'll handle her."

"Are you sure?" he asked.

Shayla nodded once. "Absolutely." She took a step closer to Moriah. "Last chance to return unscathed, demon wench. Deny this very generous offer, and you will feel the bite of my steel once more."

"I deny your offer now as I have on every occasion before. You do not decide for me where I go and who I dine with."

"Don't you mean dine on?"

Moriah shrugged. "Semantics."

I wasn't sure who moved first, but a split second after their verbal debate ended, the battle began. We all stepped back together, trying to give them room to do their thing. None of us wanted one of our necks to get in the way of their swords.

Beau was gesturing for us to join him out in the field, away from where the two women fought. It was hard to pay attention to him because it required that we tear our gaze away from the most amazing sword fight I'd ever seen, even in a movie with matrix effects. Nothing in the world of cinema could even come close to the sounds of those magic-enhanced blades clanging together. The sound waves hit my ears and made me think the battle was happening inside my own head. I could see the sweat beading up on Shayla's forehead and dripping down by her temples. Drops of the salty stuff flew off both of them and ran down their arms and hands, making their sword-handles slippery. They each had white-knuckle grips on their weapons, their muscles bulging with the effort of not only just holding them up but swinging them side-to-side and in wide arcs up and down and all around, each blow delivered with the goal of severing an arm or a leg or a head, or maybe an artery. It was a deadly dance, and one I knew I'd never be able to learn the steps of. It was part art and part science. I could see a certain geometry to it, a certain grace. I had skills in neither area.

Beau broke into my reverie by grabbing my arm and jerking me towards him. "Pay attention, Jayne!"

"What? Oh. Sorry." I stared up into his face, so incredibly gorgeous. So worried. So, so, so ....

"It's happening to her again, isn't it?" asked Spike.

"Take her. Don't let her go," said the angel, passing my arm over to Spike who took it gently in hand.

Spike was much nicer than the harsh angel. I stuck my tongue out at Beau and gave him a raspberry. "Meanie," I said, pouting as Spike took me into a hug, patting my back but making sure not to squish the baby pixie still hanging from my neck in a sling.

"Everyone hold hands or connect in some physical way. Now!" demanded Beau.

I tried to see over Spike's shoulder to watch the angel-fight, but he was too tall. I leaned to the side to watch, but Finn was in my way. "Move, Finn! I can't see."

"You don't need to see that, girl. Just pay attention to the angel over here. He's tryin' to get us home."

I was straining against Spike, trying to get away so I could see better. "I don't want to go home yet. I'm not done here."

"Oh, yes you are," said Spike, laughter in his voice.

"What's she doing?" asked Ben.

"She's going loopy. This happened last time."

"Shut up, Spike!" I yelled, suddenly angry for some reason. "You don't know what you're talking about!" I was annoyed that they were talking about me like that when there was a very important battle happening just on the other side of Finn. If I could just get over there ...

Beau was talking again, and I tried to block out the sound of his voice, but I still heard, "Samantha, I need you to cast that spell you used to come over. Tony, you get ready to pull them into the Gray when the veil opens."

I looked over at my friends in a panic. Both of them were nodding their heads, as if Beau wasn't trying to kill us. "We have to go!" I yelled, trying to get away from Spike. "He's evil! He's a demon angel!" As soon as I said it, Beau's wings went from white to black. I looked around Spike's arm and Shayla's wings had done the same. Everyone was turning into a demon around me, and I couldn't handle it. I had a baby pixie to protect.

"Lemme go!" I yelled, stomping down on Spike's foot hard enough that he let me go in shock.

I ran. I ran and ran and ran as fast as I could. I had to get away from all those terrible demons who wanted to eat the tiny pixie in my baby sling. I couldn't let that happen. Tim and Abby would never forgive me.

I had almost reached the safety of the trees when I felt something grab me under the armpits. I struggled to get free, not caring who it was, but when I felt the pokey fingers jabbing into my flesh I turned to look at my captor. It sure didn't feel like the last time I'd been picked up and carried through the air.

I nearly had a heart attack when I saw who it was.

"Hello, elemental," said the black-winged wench who should have been sword fighting in the field below us.

"Moriah!" I screamed. "Let me go!"

"As you wish," she said, laughing maniacally.

Suddenly I was free, no more Miss Grabby Fingers digging her claws into my sensitive armpits. My happiness disappeared in the split second it took me to realize I was now falling to the earth from very high up, to what was definitely going to be a very painful end. One long, drawn-out scream erupted from my lungs, splitting the air around me. I closed my eyes, waiting for death to take me and wondering if I'd have wings when it was all over and whether they'd be black or white.

But the end felt more like a bounce than a splat, so I opened my eyes to see what was happening. I was now flying sideways, headed right for my group of friends. Every one of them, save Samantha, had a look of utter shock on their faces, and none of them had the presence of mind to get the hell out of the way.

I was going too fast to do anything but hold my arms out in front of me and hope for the best. I barreled into them like a friggin bowling ball into a group of fae pins, hitting Niles dead center and blasting his sorry little dwarf butt over like a turbo-charged tumbleweed.

I finally came to rest about fifteen feet away, my entire body aching from the impact. I thought in my dazed state that the ground here was a lot lumpier than I would have expected.

"Geph moff!" yelled someone.

"What?" I asked, still unable to move.

"Geph off!" he yelled again.

Niles. I looked down at my chest and saw a tuft of gray hair there. Holy shit! Did I just grow a wad of gray chest hair from the shock of almost dying! How disgusting! I'm going to need a new razor.

The ground beneath me wiggled. The gray hair moved. "Get off!" came a growl from under me.

I rolled to the side, releasing a very cranky dwarf from his elemental boob-prison.

Niles stood, half bent over, holding a crick in his lower back and brushing himself off as best he could with his other hand, while also scowling at me. "Of all the ... what is it with you and ... get away from me before I think better of my current decision not to clobber you!" he growled.

I scooted away from him like a crab, still kind of on my butt. "Yes, sir. Geez. It's not my fault you didn't get out of the way."

He looked at me with disgust and then limped away to join the others again. I surveyed the group and saw that the ones who had recovered their feet were standing there staring at me in shock. The others were still trying to get up.

I wasn't much of a bowler, but that had to be some kind of record. I held up my finger in the number-one symbol and smiled at my friends. "Strike!"

Spike shook his head as he came over to get me. He put his hand down to help me up. "Can we go home now?" he asked, his arm going around my waist as he walked me back to the group.

"Sure. If you want." I looked down at my sling, noticing it looked pretty beat up. I stopped walking, now in a panic that I'd killed the baby. I opened it up a little at the edge and saw him still in there. Pulling down the material, I could see that he was still breathing, but that one of his wings was broken. "Oh, f**k a duck."

"What?" asked Spike, trying to look inside.

"He's hurt. His wing is broken."

"Damn. Well, we'll get him to the clinic as soon as we get back. And that can be now if you're ready."

I nodded, unable to speak. The reality of the pain that Willy was going to be in when he got up from either the nap or the friggin coma he was in snapped me out of whatever haze I was in and sobered me up good. I walked up to Beau and said, "Take me home or lose me forever."

He nodded once and then opened his wings, wrapping them around all of us. "Jayne, connect into your Earth element. Samantha, begin your spell. Tony, prepare to enter the Gray."

We all nodded. I felt the magic surround us, amplified by The Green. It was wonderful and scary all at the same time. And then, in the blink of an eye, it was over. I felt myself yanked into the cold of the Gray and then dumped unceremoniously onto my back into the Infinity Meadow of the Here and Now.

I opened my eyes and saw my friends around me, most of them lying on their faces. Only Tony was standing. He walked over and helped me to my feet, making sure the sling that held my little pixie friend was straight and doing the best it could at supporting his unconscious body.

"Come on. Let's get Willy to the healers."

"What about the others?" I asked, looking back at them over my shoulder.

"They'll be fine. They'll come find us when they've recovered."

I nodded, plodding along like a condemned criminal to the hangman's gallows. I was going to pay for this one. Big time.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

I LEFT THE UNCONSCIOUS, BROKEN-winged baby pixie in the care of the Light and Dark fae healers who now worked together in a much updated clinic. They assured me he was going to be fine, so I left to go face the music in my room - the music of two pixies telling me what a shithead I was for accidentally taking their child into battle with me and then being stupid enough to get him hurt by turning him into a bowling ball.

Much as I wanted to avoid the whole confrontation, I also realized how worried they must be, so I picked up the pace until I was nearly running. I reached my door and threw it open, searching first their table and then out in the garden for them.

"Tim! Abby!" I yelled. "Where are you guys?! I have news about Willy!" I was standing in the entrance to the garden, but no answer came to my ears. I was just about to leave the area completely when I realized something was off. I turned back around and took in the scenery.

The flowers were dying. Very few blossoms remained on the bushes, and there were dead leaves and branches everywhere. Empty snail shells littered the path and weeds were growing in every bed.

"Oh. My. Effing. G," I said out into the air, my voice barely a whisper.

I heard a noise behind me and spun around. Celine was standing there, looking sadder than I'd ever seen her look before.

Tears sprang to my eyes at the sight, and my throat began to ache instantly. "Where are they, Celine?"

She shook her head, saying nothing.

I took five long strides in her direction, stopping only when I was a foot away from her. "Where are they?! Tell me, dammit!" I reached out and grabbed her upper arms, shaking her for all I was worth, trying to force an answer out of her, but she just let me do it in silence.

I finally let her go, and as soon as we broke contact my anger just disappeared into the empty wind that blew in from the garden. My voice was cold. Hard. I stared her right in the eye. "Tell me now where they are, or I'm going to leave and find them."

"They're gone," she whispered. "They left the same day you did to find their son. You've been gone for weeks."

"But he was with us!" I said, punching the air between us and crying through the words. "He snuck into my backpack!"

"We know that now. We did not know that then."

"So where'd they go?" I asked, feeling deflated, the most pitiful voice ever issuing from my mouth.

"No one knows. They're out in the realm, searching. That's all I can say."

A spark of memory - things said to me by Samantha in our cage - had me redirecting my anger. "You did this, Celine," I accused advancing on her.

She took several steps back. "What? What are you talking about? I had nothing to do with his disappearance." She looked left and right, as if seeking a way out, away from the crazy elemental who'd seemingly lost it.

"You're the one behind all of this crap. All of it! I've been comparing notes with Samantha. And Maggie. And Torrie."

Celine's face went whiter than white. She looked like a corpse.

"Yeah, that's right, silver elf. You did something. You did something horrible that tilted this f**king planet off its axis, and we're all paying the price now, aren't we? Aren't we?!" I screeched, grabbing her by the upper arms again. I pulled The Green into me, letting its pure, warm light fill me to the brim. I felt The Ancient One there too, and for once I didn't deny its desire to share the darkness it had within. I accepted every last drop of it.

"Jayne, don't! You need to power down! You're going to hurt yourself!"

"Shut up, Celine! Tell me what you did!" I shook her hard until her head whipped back and forth. "Tell me what you did!"

"Jayne!" came Ben's voice from somewhere off to my right. "Let her go!"

"Go to hell, Ben! You don't tell me what to do!" I threw up a green bubble shield around us, bathing us in a glow so strong, Celine had to close her eyes. Water joined us without me even asking it to, swirling a sheen of liquid into the shield that made us seem like we were in some kind of weird energy aquarium.

"I didn't mean to hurt anyone," said Celine, openly weeping now. "I didn't, I swear I didn't!"

I thrust her away from me. "I knew it. Tell me. What did you do? I'm not letting you out until you spill everything."

"I can leave on the wind," she said weakly, not even looking at me.

"Try it," I dared her, almost wishing she would. "See what happens." I absolutely knew that her puny control over that element was no match for the two of mine. I could open up this rock and earth beneath our feet and bury us both alive. I could bring an ocean of water in here and float her sorry ass all the way to Australia if I wanted to. Nothing was going to stand in the way of me finding out what the hell she'd done and where my roommate and his wife had gone.

"I won't," she said in a weak voice. "I swear. Just let me go."

"Fuck that. Tell me your deepest, darkest secrets, Celine. Tell me, and I'll let you go. No one's going to get hurt, but everyone has to be honest. That's the rule."

"Being in the other realms has changed you, Jayne," she said, a hint of her strength showing now.

She was trying to scold me, but I wasn't buying her guilt trip. "Yes, you're right. It has."

She looked at me, surprised. She'd probably been expecting me to deny it, but there was no use. I had changed.

"I've looked death in the eye and won. I've looked love and life in the eye and I'm still here. And I've got friends and people who love me standing behind me and next to me. I don't need your lies, or Dardennes' lies, or the games you've all been playing behind our backs. I want answers so I can set things right. It's time to make things right, Celine. And it all starts with you. I know it does. You are the key to this whole f**king mess."

She dropped her face into her hands and started bawling. I gave her a few minutes to get it out of her system, but I didn't touch her or say a word. I thought it was important that she stew in her grief for a little while. I suspected she'd caused enough of it herself that it seemed the fair thing to do. Justice.

When she was finally out of tears, she lifted her eyes to stare at me. "What do you want to know?" she asked in a sorrow-roughened voice.

"What's your arrangement with Maggie?"

She smiled bitterly. "Do you want the arrangement or the reason for it? I doubt it will make any sense without the background."

"Tell me whatever you want, so long as you get to the part eventually where you tell me how you screwed up our lives."

She sighed. "It all began when I was just a young fae, about your age. As you recall, I have a sister, Malena. And we were living in the Green Forest, far from here, but very close to another family by the name of Silverthorne."

She looked up at me, but I didn't give her the satisfaction of letting her know that I recognized the demon Torrie's last name.

"We spent all of our younger years with Torrence Silverthorne - Torrie - at our sides. I grew to love him, not just as a brother, but as something much more. I became convinced that he was my soulmate, the one to whom I was meant to be bound. All I needed to do was to get him to notice me."

"I find it hard to believe he didn't notice you when he practically grew up with you," I scoffed. This was sounding like the prelude to excuses to me.

"I don't mean see me. I mean recognize me as a woman. As a female he desired."

My lip curled at the idea of his nasty-ass demon parts getting anywhere near me. Celine had seriously bad taste in men.

"I see you find the idea distasteful. But believe me, Torrie was a handsome specimen of a fae. He was a silver elf like us, tall and proud. His family was very well-respected, and he could ride the wind like no one I'd ever seen."

Her eyes had a faraway look to them. She was cruising that wind from her memory, but I didn't try to bring her back down to the Here and Now. The more lost she was, the better chance I had of getting the truth out of her. "So what happened?"

She looked down at her hands, twisting her fingers in her lap. "The only woman he ever saw was Malena. She was older than me, prettier, bolder ... every male fae in a one hundred kilometer radius from our home wanted her for their own. Torrie did everything he could think of to win her favor. He fought harder, reached higher, and flew stronger. But none of it mattered."

"Why?"

"Because she only had eyes for one fae. And it wasn't Torrence Silverthorne."

"Dardennes," I said simply. I'd heard this part of the story before.

"Yes. Anton Dardennes, the only one who didn't try to win her favor was the only one she wanted. Malena was like that ... still is. She only wants that which she cannot have."

"Jealous, anyone?" I was so pissed right then that this whole thing started over sibling jealousy. Talk about bad decisions. I had nothing on Celine. She was ten times dumber than me.

"It was more than that. Or less, depending on how you look at it." She looked up at me, a pleading expression in her eyes. "I loved Torrie. With all of my heart, I truly loved him. I would have flown to the moon if he had asked me to."

"But he didn't care."

"No. He cared not one wit about what I wanted, how I felt, or the fact that when Malena acted like she wanted him, she was only doing it to get the attention of another fae ... Anton. And eventually she did. She played her games and manipulated the players as only she can do, and she managed to convince Anton that he couldn't live without her."

"What about Torrie?"

She laughed bitterly. "Torrie. Ohhh, Torrie. He went into a tailspin for sure. Malena left us and joined the Dark Fae to be with her lover."

"Wait ... you guys were all Light Fae? Even Torrie?"

"Of course. All of the Silverthorne clan have always been Light Fae, so long as our ranks have been split into Light and Dark."

"So what happened then? After Malena and Dardennes were together and Torrie did his tailspin thing?"

"He disappeared for a while. I searched for him, hoping I could find him and convince him to come back and accept me as his consolation prize."

"Oh, shit, Celine. That is so lame," I said, unable to keep from saying it.

She nodded. "I know that now. But I was in love. I didn't care. I would have done anything for him. Anything at all." She lifted her head. "Including sell my soul."

A shiver went up my spine, and my ass hairs stood on end. "Did you just say sell your soul?"

She nodded, tears in her eyes again.

"What the f**k did you do, Celine?"

She whispered her answer so softly, I almost couldn't hear it. But that didn't make it any less spooky. "I made a deal."

My lips pressed into a thin line, and my teeth ground together for a few seconds before I said, "Because everything in life is negotiable, right?"

She just nodded her head. The silent message passed between us, though, loud and clear.

I sent The Green back into the ground at my feet and dispersed the Water element into the air around us, the shield instantly disappearing as everything went back to where it was supposed to be. Ben stood just outside of where it had been with Spike, Tony, Finn, Scrum, Becky, and Jared right next to him.

Becky was the first one to react. "Ohhhh myyy gooooodness ... Jayne? What did you just do?"

"Well, I'll be a monkey's uncle ... Jayne? What're you doin' makin' poor Celine cry in one-a your power bubbles?" demanded Finn. "That just ain't right by my calculations. No sir."

"Not now, smiley ... grits. I have some hag ass to kick." I pushed past Becky, Finn, and the others to get to the door where I met Samantha just on her way in.

"Where are you going in such a hurry?" she asked.

"Going to punch Maggie in the head. Wanna come?"

"And watch you punch Maggie in the head? I wouldn't miss it for the realm," said Samantha.

We shoved each other out of the room in a scramble before anyone could join us, and I slammed the door shut. "Mind putting a spell on this mother so we can keep them from following?"

"I'd be happy to. But you might want to add a little of your own glue on it, just in case they have witch friends nearby."

I nodded once, imagining the wood of the door rooting itself to the frame, and smiled in satisfaction as I heard the telltale cracking sounds that told me it had been successful.

"Let's ride," I said, jogging down the hallway, headed to the door with the gargoyle on it.

CHAPTER TWELVE

SAMANTHA AND I RAN THROUGH the forest to Maggie's house. It was only when I saw the giant base of The Ancient One that I finally slowed down. When I got within ten paces of the door, I had to stop completely and bend over to catch my breath, I was so winded.

"Damn," wheezed Samantha, "what's your hurry?" She was bent over next to me for a few seconds before she stood and walked around in circles and figure eights.

"Tim and Abby are missing. They went to find their son. I have to find them before they do something awful."

"Like what?" She was swinging her arms back and forth across her chest like a runner warming up.

"I have no idea. Blow up the world, maybe? Tim can get pretty excited when the shit hits the fan."

"Wow. Okay, so what's the deal with Maggie? What's she got to do with it?"

"Other than messing around with Celine, I'm not sure. I'm prepared to make a deal with her, and let her live in exchange for some information she has that I need. Plus, I think she can tell me where to find the pixies."

As we walked up to the door, Samantha whispered, "You wouldn't really kill her, would you?"

"Don't bet on it," I said, knocking about twenty times in quick succession, changing to outright banging about halfway through. "Open up, soul-stealer! We need to talk!"

Maggie didn't answer.

"Maybe she's not home," said Samantha. "We should leave."

"Oh, she's home, alright. I can feel her sorry ass inside there. She can run, but she can't hide." I banged on the door some more. "Open up bait-breath, or I'll rip it off!"

The tree above me groaned, and I amended my threat in my head. Okay, I'll just pry it open a little, relax.

Still we got no response, even with the crazy-knocking that I knew made her insane. I sent a message to the tree to open up for us, and after a few clicks of the internal locking mechanism, the door swung free. Samantha grabbed it and pulled it the rest of the way open. We both stood in the entrance, peering into the dim interior.

Everything looked normal. Nothing was smashed or missing from the shelves that I could see.

"Is she in there?" asked Samantha.

"I don't know," I whispered back, double-checking that I could still feel her presence here, using the ley line to guide me. I could feel her, there was no doubt about it; it was a weak signature, but it was definitely hers. "Come on." I stepped inside, my eyes darting back and forth, searching for a sign of Maggie so I could stop her before she winged a friggin skunk spell or some other awfulness at me.

But even with Samantha and me both searching the small space, we couldn't figure out where she was.

"You said she was definitely here," said Samantha.

"Yeah. And she is. I can feel her."

"That's kind of gross, actually, that you can feel her," she said, a trace of humor in her voice. She fake-shuddered for effect.

"Tell me about it."

"Can you feel where she is exactly, a location? Like find the source of the signal?"

I hadn't thought of it that way before. "Like Maggie radar? Ew. And I thought it couldn't get grosser."

"Just try."

I closed my eyes, focusing on finding the origin of her signature in the mix of the living things around me. There was a huge jumble of them, way more than there should have been, considering where we were.

"What?" asked Samantha, whacking my upper arm with the back of her hand. "Why do you have that look on your face? What's going on?"

I reached out blindly to pat her arm. I got her face instead, but went ahead and tapped it a few times anyway. "Just relax, grasshoppah. I'm feeling the fohhhrce."

"Dude, you're mixing up your movie lines."

"Whatever. Just give me a sec. Everything's all messed up in here. It's like there's a thousand people on the line and not just the three of us."

Samantha stopped moving and got totally silent. Then her freaked out whisper came so close to my ear with, "She's in ..." that I jumped and squawked in fear, my eyes flying open.

"Holy f**kmart, Sam! Don't scare me like that!"

She ignored my surprise and just grabbed my arm, pointing with her other hand to the pantry. "She's in there."

I shook my head. "Nope. Not goin' in there. Huh-uh."

"We have to. It's the only place we haven't looked."

I turned to go. "Oh, well. Nice not seeing you, Mags. Gotta go."

Samantha kept a hold on my arm and pulled me back. "What about your friends?"

I glared at her. "Since when did you take on the role of my conscience? Lame, Samantha! Lame!"

She shrugged, still staring at the pantry. "I'm not. I didn't. I just think we need to see if she's okay."

I sighed. "You go ahead. I'll be right here. I'll guard the front door."

She let my arm go and walked slowly over to the pantry. The closer she got to the door, the more nervous I became.

"Be careful!" I whisper-yelled across the room.

She waved me away, flapping her hand behind her back silently; I was pretty sure she was signaling for me to shut the hell up.

My brain was telling me to get my sorry butt over there with her, but my feet wouldn't obey. I looked down to see if they'd grown roots, but they were fine. It must have been my self-preservation instincts keeping me there.

Samantha had reached the door and was pulling it open now. The loud squeaking of the rusty hinge was straight-up horror film soundtrack material, it was so perfectly awful.

"Samantha! Get back here!"

There was no damn good reason to go into that closet. If Maggie was in there she was probably just doing inventory on her macabre soul collection, and neither one of us needed to be involved in that.

Samantha ignored me, disappearing behind the half-open door and leaving me alone in the main room.

Seconds ticked by, and the sweat under my arms started to drip. I could actually feel the vein in my neck pulsing out and out and out and out. I heard a shuffling and then nothing again.

"Samantha!" I whispered. "Samantha! Get out here! Don't make me come in there after you!"

I waited a few minutes and then took two tentative steps towards the pantry. "Come on, you pain in the ass!"

A few more steps had me almost to the door. "Samantha, I am so gonna kick your sorry butt when I get in there."

Finally, I was at the door, holding onto it and peering into the dark pantry. Samantha was standing in there, in front of one of the shelves, looking down at something in her hands.

"Oh shit, Sam. What are you doing?" My fear mostly gone, I walked up to her and looked over her arm. In her hands was a wooden box, open; and standing in the middle of its bottom half was a tiny version of herself.

"It's me," she whispered, obviously in freak-out mode level ten-point-oh.

I reached over and gently took the box out of her grasp. "Yeah. It's kind of you, but then kind of not, right? It's a mimicker."

"Do you know what that is?" She looked at me her eyes watery and her face pasty-white.

I nodded. "A piece of your soul."

"Yeah. And Maggie uses them for Fate work."

I looked around the room as I gently shut the box and locked it again. "How'd you find yours in all of these?"

"I don't know. I just ... got a sense of myself over here." She looked around too, and then stopped when her gaze reached me. "Why don't you find yourself?"

I scoffed at her craziness. "As if. Maggie doesn't have a piece of me in here. I'm all me. A hundred percent Jayne, undiluted."

Samantha raised an eyebrow. "You sure about that?"

I thought about it for a second. "I think I'm sure."

She grabbed the box out of my hands. "Close your eyes. Focus. See if you can find your soul."

I blew out a not very ladylike snort of air before following her directions. This is ridiculous. I would've known if someone had taken a piece of my soul. You can't just have a part of your very essence stolen and not realize it's gone.

But then a nagging feeling tickled the back of my mind. What if ... what if someone found a way to steal a piece of me ... what would I feel like if I were out there in a box? I let my mind wander the shelves of this room, imagining the boxes stacked one on top of the other, rows and rows of them, all of them with symbols on top.

"The gargoyle symbol," I said, seeing a connection from Maggie to me. But then another symbol flitted across my mind. "The infinity symbol." And one more. "The phi symbol."

I opened my eyes, finding Samantha across the room, opening up boxes as fast as her fingers would move.

"Bingo!" she yelled, holding up a box she had just closed back up. It had a gargoyle symbol on it.

"Why am I seeing more than one?" I asked, not even sure I wanted her to answer me.

"I don't know, but I'm going to find out." She'd moved to another shelf and was pulling more boxes off when she yelled out again. "Ah-ha! Another one!" She closed it and set it down on top of the other before moving over to the shelf that had the phi symbol boxes on it. At the bottom of the stack she found another piece of my soul. "Damn. Here's one more. That is so messed up."

I walked over and stood in front of the stack of three boxes, feeling so sick to my stomach I wouldn't have been surprised if I just yacked right there on top of myselves.

"Do you want to see them?" she asked softly.

"Yes and no. I don't, but I'm afraid if I walk away, I'll always wonder what it would have been like."

"Let's do it, then. Regret sucks. Take it from me." She picked up the first box and opened it.

I gasped. There she was. Little me. Little Jayne Sparks.

A tiny sliver of my soul sat in the box, and she was wearing my favorite hoodie and ratty jeans and purple Converse sneaks - the same outfit I'd been wearing when I ran away from home and went to the meeting where I first saw Celine and Dardennes.

"What. The. Fuck, Samantha."

"What?"

"That's what I was wearing when I met you guys." I looked up at her to gauge her reaction.

Samantha handed me my box and picked up hers, quickly opening it up and putting it side by side with mine. My heart leaped into my throat when I saw what her mimicker was wearing.

"Mine too," said Samantha, her voice hoarse.

Neither of us said a word when a few seconds later our two mimickers noticed each other and walked slowly over to the edges of their boxes, staring at each other the entire time. I didn't move a single muscle, not knowing whether this was a really, really bad, bad thing to let them interact or not, but too sickly curious to stop it. Are they going to hug? Throw down? Spit on each other?

Samantha didn't make a move either. We just stood there, side-by-side, wondering what the hell was going to happen.

And then they started moving their hands towards each other, and my eyes almost popped right out of my head and bounced along the floor when I realized what they were doing.

Samantha started singing along with their motions, next to me, in the freakiest most possessed-sounding voice I ever heard. "Say, say, oh plaaaaymate ... come out and play with me ..."

I joined in with her as my memory suddenly locked in on the long-unused tune of my youth, my eyes still glued to the boxes. "...And bring your dollies three ... climb up my apple tree ... slide down my rain barrel ... into my cellar door ... and we'll be jolly friends ... forever mooore ..." We both shut our boxes at the same time, our mimickers slowly backing away to the centers again and sitting down as the covers closed over their heads.

Samantha and I faced each other, both saying the exact same thing at the exact same time.

"My grandmother used to play that game with me."

"Fuck, Samantha!" I shouted, my hand flying up to grab my hair in frustration. "What the hell was that all about?!"

"I don't know!" she screamed back at me. "Are we possessed?!" Her voice had gone up a couple levels to crazy-girl pitch. I was worried she'd come unhinged. I was feeling nearly there myself.

I held out my free hand in a calming gesture, partially bent over with my eyes closed as I tried to get a grip on myself. "Okay! ... Okay ... let's just relax here for a second and think this through." I looked at Sam's face. "Alright? Are you cool with that?"

She nodded really quickly. "Yeah."

"Come on." I straightened up and pulled her out of the pantry, into Maggie's sitting room, making sure to take all my boxes with me. "Sit," I said, pointing to the rocking chair. I pulled the stool over and sat in front of her, stacking the boxes in my lap.

"What the hell was that?" asked Samantha, calmer now but still not un-freaked.

"I don't know, but I think between the two of us, we can figure this shit out. Now ... first ... why are our mimickers wearing the clothes from when we were human?"

Samantha took a deep breath in and then out before answering. "I think we look like what we looked like when the piece was ... extracted."

I grimaced. "Ew. That's gross. That word extracted. It's like alien invasion of my orifices or whatever"

"Gah, thanks for the visual I really didn't need right now. Anyway, if I'm right, then what does that mean?" She raised an eyebrow at me, and I got the distinct impression she already had an answer.

"Well, don't keep me hanging," I said, rolling my eyes. "Spill it."

"Celine."

"Celine what?"

"Celine is the soul collector ... the soul stealer."

I leaned over, my eyes bugging out. "No!"

"Yes! It totally makes sense!"

"How! Tell me! I'm so f**king lost right now!"

"During the interview ... did she take your hands and do some voo doo mojo stuff on you like she did with me?"

I thought about it for a second, taking a trip down memory lane to the day I sat in that interview room with her and Dardennes. And I distinctly remembered her taking my hands while she asked me some questions. "Okay, yeah. She held both my hands for a few minutes."

"Me too. All of us except Jared. Jared and I talked about it after. I think she's doing that and taking pieces of us with her. I remember him being upset when he found out she did that. It made no sense at the time, but now it does, right?"

"Yeah, but why? Why in the hell would she, first of all, do that, and second of all, give them to Maggie?"

"What did she say to you in your little private talk in your room?"

"She said that she'd sold her soul. And that everything was negotiable." I felt my ears burning as the words hung in the air between us. "Oh, f**k a duck. She made a deal with Maggie that she would steal souls for her."

Samantha whispered, "Celine is the soul stealer, and Maggie is the soul collector."

The door flew open with a bang, making Samantha jump up and me fall over sideways off the stool. I held my boxes to my chest and struggled to stand.

"What are you doing in here!" yelled Maggie in her haggie-ass voice. "How'd you get past my locks?" Then her gaze lit on me, and she said, "Oh. That explains it." She waved towards the door. "Get out. Both of you. And don't come back. I find you tiresome."

"Lie!" I yelled before I could stop myself.

Maggie froze and then turned very slowly in place. "What did you just say?"

I gave her my fakest grin ever. "Lie?"

"Do you have any idea how much you just sounded like her, Jayne?" asked Samantha.

"Shut up, witch." I disregarded my partner in crime and focused on Maggie. "Time for truth or dare, Maggie the Haggie. We ask you questions and you tell us the truth."

"What about the dare?" she asked slyly.

"I dare you to not answer me with the truth."

"Hrumph. That's not how I remember the game being played."

"My game, my rules." I gestured to the rocking chair. "Come rest your lumpy bum."

Maggie just stared at us, so I looked over at Samantha. "Sam, feel free to compel her over here as you see fit."

"Are you sure?" she asked.

"Are you, or are you not, holding a piece of your soul in a box right now?"

"You've got a point." Samantha turned to Maggie. "You heard the elemental. Move it, or I'll move it for you."

"A dangerous challenge, witchling," said Maggie scowling at her.

"You taught me almost everything I know. Almost." Samantha stared at her. "Please. Don't make me do it, Maggie."

Maggie waited a few more seconds, probably just out of sheer stubbornness, before coming over to sit in the rocking chair. I pulled up the stool for myself and waved at the other chair for Samantha. She dragged it over and sat down next to me. Samantha and I sat there, the two of us, our four boxes of mimickers in our laps, facing the soul collector.

"So?! Out with it!" yelled Maggie. "I haven't got all day! I have my beauty rest to catch up on!"

"Can you actually sleep for five thousand years?" I asked, smiling devilishly at my joke.

Maggie leaned over, her cloudy eye getting way too close for my comfort. "No ... but I can fix it so that you do." She rocked in her chair and cackled loud, her head thrown back with the joy of it.

I nearly gagged at the wide-open view I got of her gnarly dental work - or complete lack thereof.

"Maggie, why are you collecting souls and having Celine steal them for you?" asked Samantha.

Maggie fixed her beady black eye on Sam. "You already know the answer to that question, girl."

"No, I don't. I know you're a Fate, and I know you use them for dark magic, but I don't know why."

I nodded. I wanted to know the why, too. The hows were too dangerous for anyone to know. We needed to end that practice as soon as today.

Maggie shrugged. "The Fates do as needs must."

"Cut the crap, Maggie," I said, already irritated with her. "Make sense and stop wasting our time. I have a pixie to track down."

"Why do the Fates need to use mimickers?" asked Samantha.

"One cannot accurately control the destiny or fate of a fae without a piece of his soul. It is the way of things."

"But why would you want to?" I asked. "What about free will and choices and stuff?" I hated the idea of Maggie directing my life. I was pretty sure she and I had different values at the very least.

"The fae brought this upon themselves. I am merely doing what I can to save them from their own folly." She crossed her arms over her ample, droopy boobs and rocked, back and forth, back and forth.

"What did the fae do that made you have to do this?" asked Samantha in a much nicer voice than I was capable of using right now.

"Is it story time now, my dearies?" asked Maggie, cackling once again.

We both just stared at her.

"Fine. You two are a couple of wet blankets, anyone ever tell you that? What I do, what I've done, I've done for the good of this world."

"Which is ... ?" I prompted.

"Many years ago, more than I care to count, a young fae girl fell in love with a brash and conceited young fae."

"Celine and Torrie. Yeah, we know this part."

"And this male fae, Torrence Silverthorne we'll call him, was ready to throw his entire life away, his whole future, to be with the one he loved. Or the one he thought he loved."

"So what did you do?"

Maggie shrugged. "I did nothing. But a witch did something. Something that upset the balance. And that's what started this whole mess." She poked her crooked, lumpy index finger at both of us. "The one I've been trying to fix for a thousand years, that you and you have been getting in the way of since the day you walked into my forest!"

"Us?" asked Samantha. "How so?"

Maggie held up her finger and thumb. "I was this close. This close to fixing this, and then you two came along. Now I don't know how I'm going to get it all back." She threw her hands up and then rested them on the arms of her chair.

"Tell us," I said, resisting the urge to reach out and touch her. "Maybe we can help."

She snorted. "Pfft. Not very likely. Everything the two of you touch turns to newt dung."

I frowned at Samantha who was giving me the same look back. I mouthed the word, Youch, at her, making her smile.

"So tell us what you did and how it got screwed up by your lovely granddaughters," I asked, pasting on my happy smile.

"This young fae girl, we'll call her Celine just for the purposes of this story, she went to this witch ..."

"...Who we'll call ... ?" I asked.

"...Red ... or whatever you want, it doesn't matter ... And she asked him for a spell."

My forehead dropped into my hand. "Please don't say it was a love potion."

"She asked him for a love potion, if you will. But maybe it was a bit more than that, because its design wasn't merely based in love. It was the changing of destiny, of fate ... the control of things that should not be controlled by those without the vision or the power to manage the ... side-effects."

"Side-effects?" asked Samantha.

Maggie waved her hand all around her body, face, and room. "Voila ... side-effects."

I looked over at Samantha my eyes bugging again. "Damn, Samantha. Sucks to be you."

She frowned at me. "Shut up, elemental. Continue, Maggie."

"So the spell was given, the spell was executed, and Torrie failed to follow his heart. But the denial ate away at him, eroded his inner light, until he accepted just a little too much darkness into his soul. He made some very bad decisions, was prepared to make some even worse ones, so it was determined that the only way to manage the situation was to banish him from the Here and Now and fix what was left."

I felt a chill in my bones. "But where did he belong ... I mean, technically."

Maggie shrugged. "Probably here. He did not die as a fae normally does."

I dropped my head into my hands. "Oh, f**k a bag of dicks."

"What'd you do?" asked Samantha.

I lifted my head up, my smile back in place. "Well, I have good news, then!"

"What's that?" asked Samantha, not looking especially excited about what I was going to say.

"I fixed that little miscalculation. Torrie is no longer in the Underworld where he doesn't belong."

"Where is he?" asked Samantha.

"Here. In the Here and Now." I clapped my hands together and rubbed them quickly. "So what else can I help with?"

"As I said," deadpanned Maggie, "you've done nothing but turn my life into goat innards since you arrived."

"Newt innards. You said newt innards," corrected Samantha.

"Are you sure it was newt innards?" I asked. "I think she said newt dung. Yeah, newt dung."

"No, I'm preeetty sure it was innards, not dung."

"Enough!" yelled Maggie. "Do you want the story or not?!

We both nodded.

"Back in the good old days, we Fates rarely intervened in the natural Order of Things. Most fae stayed on track and used only the smallest, most harmless amounts of magic in their day-to-day lives. But this spell ... this one requested by Celine and the one concocted by Red ... it was something entirely different. And we knew that once they had a taste of that power, well, it was only a matter of time before they abused it again and again. Power does that. It corrupts."

We both nodded again, eating her story up.

"And so as bad spells do, this one went south, taking Torrie with it. A desperate and still very much in-love Celine came to us, the Fates, begging for us to intervene. And that's when we saw our opportunity."

"Here's the yucky part," I said, nodding at Samantha. "You watch."

Maggie ignored me. "We agreed to return her love to the proper realm if she agreed to collect pieces of the souls of every fae alive and deliver them to us. And she was nearly there, too! A thousand years in the doing!"

"Seems to me like she went a little overboard," I said, lifting up my boxes. "What ... were these extra credit?" I asked, holding up two of them.

Maggie shook her head.

"Why did you need them?" asked Samantha.

Maggie shrugged. "It is quite difficult to control the fates of others and their use of magic without a piece of them in the spell."

"Why not hair?!" I yelled. "Couldn't you use a lock of hair or a fingernail for shit's sake?!"

"Souls are reusable. We are nothing if not thrifty."

I nearly gagged on that one. "You are so f**king ... evil!"

Samantha stood. "Yeah, this is not right. This is wrong. Souls are sacred."

Maggie struggled to stand too. "Souls are sacred, agreed, but we do not damage them! As you can see they are well cared-for, in individual safe boxes and organized, and each and every one of them is happy and healthy!"

"But their ours," I said softly, "not yours. You can't have them. We won't let you."

She leaned over and stared me down. "And are you going to be the one to stop the power mongers? Are you going to be the one to control the magic? Pfft! Hack-tooey! You can't even brush your own teeth without putting someone into a coma."

I stood up, incensed but unable to come up with the best insult for the situation. This was a first for me.

"Oh yeah?" said Samantha. "Well, at least she doesn't play around with newt balls for a living!"

I held up my hand for a high five. "Sing it, sister," I said, never taking my eyes off Maggie. "Okay, old lady. We've heard enough. We'll be back for those souls, make no mistake. And I'm taking mine with me now. You keep your greasy fingers off my soul, you got that?" I pointed at her face.

I started to leave, but Samantha grabbed my arm. "Don't you want to ask her about the pixies?"

"Hell, no. I'll find them myself. I have an idea."

Maggie snorted. "Shall I begin mixing the anti-coma spell now?"

"No!" I yelled at the entrance to her house. "Start mixing the Only-As-Ugly-As-A -Buggane's-Ass-Spell because you need a serious makeover!"

And with that I stepped outside and slammed the door behind the both of us.

"Well." Samantha laughed. "You told her. I think."

"I've had better insults, that's true," I admitted as we walked away, our feet shuffling through the dried, crunchy leaves.

"That wasn't bad though, off the cuff like that. I'll give you a six point five. Maybe seven."

"Thanks. I'll take the six point five. I was only going with six myself."

"Your standards are too high."

"You know what? That is probably the first time I've ever heard that in my entire life."

She laughed but said nothing the rest of the way back to the compound.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

SAMANTHA FOLLOWED ME BACK TO my room where we found the whole Miami crew plus Scrum waiting for us. Becky was on us like flies on poo, beating Spike to the first hug.

"Oh my god, you guys, what happened?" She grabbed me in a squeeze first and then Samantha. Both of us patted her on the back, smiling over her spazziness. Tony waved at me over her shoulder, and I winked at him. His scorched eyebrows and hair were beyond hilarious, but I couldn't muster the laugh it probably deserved because I knew how close he'd come to being much worse off.

Becky wasn't done with us. "Seriously, Celine took off out of here crying her eyes out - that was freaky. And then Anton came looking for you, and so did Red. Don't even get me started on my boyfriend's missing hair. Everyone's in an uproar. We're supposed to bring you to see them in Anton's office as soon as you get back."

"Y'all done stepped in the shit now," said Finn, shaking his head - a cap now on it and pulled down low, probably to mask his lack of facial hair. "I ain't never seen Dardennes so spittin' mad. Ever. Like, never ever."

I rolled my eyes, ready to let him know what I thought about that whole thing, when there was a banging on the door. I looked at my friends in a panic, stepping over towards Spike who moved to stand slightly in front of me. "I'm not ready to go anywhere yet!"

Scrum moved to my other side.

Jared strode over to the door. "Don't worry about it. It's not them." He pulled the door open and let Aidan in.

The wolf wasted no time in coming over and pushing past Spike to hug me so tight I almost couldn't breathe. "Hey," he said gruffly. "I am so sorry. I can't believe I let them get the jump on me."

I patted him on the back. "Don't worry about it. They were very sneaky about it. They got all the pixies too."

He pulled back and then turned to glare at Samantha, pointing at her. "The wolf has a quarrel with that witch."

I took his finger and pushed it down to his waist. "Put your shit away, wolf. I've forgiven her, so you're not allowed to hold a grudge."

"Yes, I am," he said, huffing out a few wolfy-sounding breaths in her direction.

"Okay, but you touch a hair on her head, and you'll answer to me," I said.

He scowled at me, but dropped his death stare in her direction at least.

"Where'd you go, Jayne?" asked Tony. "Celine was very worried about you."

"More like worried about us telling the world about her secrets," scoffed Samantha, back to her angry-girl stance.

"What's this about?" asked Jared, looking from her to me.

I held up my hands, knowing that as soon as that ball started rolling we'd have no time to find my friends, and that had to come first. "Listen, guys. I'm going to leave you with Samantha to explain. I have to go find Tim and Abby."

"How are you going to do that?" asked Scrum.

"I'm going to send out a signal through The Green," I said, looking at Aidan. "You werewolves might want to find some earplugs."

"Oh, no ... are you joking?" asked Aidan, a pained expression coming over his face. "Last time you did that we had eight different fights break out. That sound makes us nuts."

"Like I said ... get some earplugs. I need to find Tim, and this is the only way I know how to do it."

"How much time do I have?" he asked, jogging to the door.

"As long as it takes me to leave the compound and get to the Infinity Meadow."

He disappeared behind into the hallway, leaving the rest of us inside.

"Where's Ben?" I asked, just now realizing he wasn't with the group. I wasn't complaining or anything, but I couldn't imagine him not being here to chastise me.

"He's been busy," said Jared. "Apparently, he has plans to make, what with his new role and everything."

I nodded. Good. Keep him busy and out of my way.

"Ain't anyone else bothered by how easily Ben's taken to this new role?" asked Finn. "I don't mean to be startin' any trouble, but dang ... one day he's all about the fae rulin' the world, and the next he's just gonna sit on that purple dinosaur and fly around the Overworld? I don't buy it."

I really, really wanted to ignore that statement and the misgivings it generated in my mind, but I knew I couldn't. Ben was dangerous when left to his own devices, and nothing, not even communing with a dragon, was going to change that. Hell, it was probably going to make his plans for world domination even worse, now that he had some serious firepower under his butt.

"I'm going to have to leave you guys to figure this out," I said, putting my boxes in Samantha's hands and moving towards the door. I turned around and walked the last few steps backwards. "Samantha, you got this?"

She nodded. "Yeah. I got it."

"Tell them what they need to know and stash my stuff under my bed."

"No problem."

Spike separated himself from the group and followed me out, getting to the door at the same time I did.

"You coming with me?" I asked, grateful for his company.

"Of course. Where else would I be?"

Scrum showed up at my other side. "I'm coming too, Jayne. You need me."

I shrugged. "If you say so." I wasn't going to turn down help, especially now that I knew this corruption or whatever it was went all the way to the top at our compound. I no longer felt comfortable that I knew who the good guys and bad guys were, or even if there was such a thing as either.

"But what about the meeting in Anton's office!" yelled Becky through the closing door.

"I'll be there when I'm done!" I yelled back, the door cutting off my last couple words. I nudged both guys, one on either side of me. "Come on, boys. Let's go find us some pixies."

They jogged down the hallway with me, not stopping until we got to the door leading to the Infinity Meadow. I was functioning on pure adrenaline now, unable to remember the last time I'd slept or eaten. None of that mattered. I would eat and sleep after I got everything put to rights.

Scrum put his hand on my arm, stopping me from opening the door in a rush. "So what's the plan?"

I shrugged. "Nothing complicated. I'm going to stand out in the meadow, tap into The Green, and send out a signal that'll go through the whole forest. I'm going to see if I can find his signature too or Abby's and get in touch with them directly ... juice 'em a little or something so they know to come back."

"And we'll stand guard," said Scrum, looking to Spike for agreement.

Spike nodded, his hand reaching up to stroke my back, sending shivers all over my body. I wanted nothing more than to throw myself in his arms and be enveloped in the warmth I knew was there waiting for me, but now was not the time. Later. I winked at him and got a knowing smile back that definitely told me he planned on taking me up on my unspoken promise.

We walked out the door and into the woods. Jogging again, we reached the oak where my mother was buried in no time at all. I sat down in the dry grass, ignoring the cold earth that instantly made me wish I'd dressed warmer for this outing. I kept forgetting it was autumn and quickly moving into winter.

Scrum stood behind me, and Spike stood in front of me. With my eyes open, all I could see was guys from the waist down, which was definitely not helping the concentration, so I closed my lids. I focused on my connection to the elements and how, with them, I was linked to everything and everyone, even the memories that still drifted as shadows across the earth.

I tapped into the link, using the closest ley line to amplify the energy tenfold. I saw in my mind The Green flowing into and out of me like blood in arteries and veins and capillaries. From the largest conduit to the smallest and finest of links, all of it was coming through me now. I was the Grand Central Station of the Earth element in the Green Forest, and now I was ready to send out my signal.

Tim! Tim and Abby! Where are you?! Come home! Come home! I have Willy with me! Willy is home! Come hooooooooome!! I continued my litany of pleading over the network, feeling for their signatures inside it, but unable to isolate them from all the others. I kept thinking I was getting close - something was there that felt so much like them - but then I'd lose it in the mess of everything. It was as if there were a thousand Tims and a thousand Abbys out there, and it was impossible for me to pick just one of them out, the right ones.

I sighed heavily, deciding I'd done everything I could for now. As I let out my breath, I released all of the energy that I'd been holding back into the earth. I was forced to lean forward slightly towards the end of my respiration though, because of the pressure on my back from someone's legs. It was uncomfortable, so I tried to lean back to push whoever it was away, but the resistance was too much for me to be able to make a difference from my awkward position on the ground. I opened my eyes, ready to elbow somebody in the butt - Scrum or Spike, I wasn't sure which. "Get off me," I said, irritated, twisting my upper body around. But then I stopped when I realized what was going on.

It was no longer just the three of us in the meadow. We'd been joined by a fourth party, and she was definitely one of the unwelcome variety. I'd recognize her wings and leather SandM boots anywhere.

"Moriah!" I yelled, scrambling to my feet and backing away from her, my two friends to either side of me. "What are you doing here?!"

She had her sword out and was eyeing Scrum like a hungry serpent does a mouse. He had several nicks on his arms where she'd jabbed him with the sharp point of her blade, his blood staining his tunic. Without a weapon he was just a sitting duck. He should have already been dead.

I glanced over at Spike, and he didn't look as if he'd fared much better. Blood from a cut in his cheek was flowing down his neck and chest, and he was limping as he danced out of the way of her steel.

"I've come to play with my dinner," she said, swishing her sword around as she crossed one leg over the other, getting closer to me and keeping both of my bodyguards in range.

"I'm not your dinner and neither are my friends," I said, pulling The Green back into me and throwing two bubble-shields around Spike and Scrum.

She tried to jab one of them through the light, but a shower of sparks flew up, and she shrieked with the shock she'd obviously received.

I laughed, filled with the power and loving every bit of my control over it. "Yeah, you might want to stay the f**k off my shields, Moriah."

She fixed me with a death stare. "Do your best, elemental."

"Oh, I plan on it," I said, pulling Blackie from its holster at my leg.

She eyed my weapon quizzically. "What's that?" she asked, pointing at it with her sword.

I held up my fang. "This, is the Dark of Blackthorn, otherwise known as the bringer of pain or Blackie, depending on who you are. I think you would call it the former."

She lifted her chin. "I know of this weapon. You have to touch me with it to hurt me with it."

I nodded. "True enough." I gestured towards her blade. "Same goes for your sword and me."

She smiled. "Yes, but mine's longer." She took a step closer, holding the tip pointed at my heart.

I smiled back. "Yeah, but mine's got a go-go gadget attachment."

She stopped, now frowning in confusion. "What?"

Before she had time to figure out what the heck I was talking about, I tapped into Water, gathering a ball of it in my hand and shooting it out in front of me in a stream, having it bring Blackie right along with it.

My weapon rode the tiny but strong wave I formed, heading straight for Moriah's heart; but at the last minute she shifted slightly to her left, sending the point of the fang into her chest, missing her vital organ - at least, the one I'd been aiming for.

The tooth sank in deep, the sparks of green light mixing with the Water element and sending up a gorgeous display of color.

Moriah screamed, the sound of a wounded demon, a horror like none other. Her wings opened up and she leaped towards me, way too fast for me to react. I fell backwards, trying to avoid the lethal blade that was coming for me, but the ground stopped me from getting far enough away. She tackled me, sword out, sinking its tip into my right shoulder just below my collar bone. It went in all the way to the hilt, effectively pinning me to the ground.

"Ahhhhh! Fuck!" I screamed. The pain was like nothing I'd ever felt before in my life. I'd thought an orc kick to the face was bad, but that was just tea and petticoats compared to this.

We grappled around for what felt like forever, me stuck in one place and Moriah on my chest, the wound from the demon blade burning like it was on fire. Hot blood flowed out of the wound and pooled on my neck, its sickly-sweet and slightly metallic smell making me nauseous. I was ablaze with pain, but knew I still had a chance if I could just get her the hell away from me.

I punched her in the jaw with my left fist twice in rapid succession, shrieking at the pain of a newly-busted knuckle. My hand fell back and by chance scraped against the dragon fang still sizzling and burning in her shoulder. I grabbed the end of it and pulled as hard as I could with my injured hand. It slid out easily, spilling some of her blood onto my face and in my mouth. I spit it out, turning my head to the side to get away from the rest of it.

Moriah tried to pull her sword free, the jerking of the blade back and forth sending shocks of fire into my brain as it sliced me open farther and farther. I used whatever power I had left in me to cement the weapon into the ground, begging the Earth to keep it buried until I was ready to let someone else have it. No way was I letting her take that thing back so she could slice and dice me anymore than she already had, and I was ready to pass out from what she was doing just trying to take it back. This was my only hope.

Movement out of the corner of my eye caught my attention. Scrum was throwing himself up against the bubble, trying to get out.

"Excellent idea, daemon," I grunted out, letting the shields drop from around my friends.

As soon as they were free, they jumped on the back of the angel of death who was doing her best to wrench her sword from my shoulder. She sure was attached to that thing. She could have killed me three other ways in the time she wasted trying to retrieve her weapon, and now she was going to be my prisoner. I smiled through the pain at the thought and the murderous reactions of my newly freed friends.

Spike was going bananas, ripping feathers out of Moriah's wings and eventually biting her neck. Two seconds later, though, he was off that plan and doing his best to spit out every last drop of demon blood that was stuck to his teeth. "Holy ... damn she tastes bad!" He went back to his plucking, every single feather removal eliciting unholy shrieks from the bitch in leather.

"I got her!" grunted Scrum, seizing her and putting her in a full-body lockdown. "I've got her! Just go get Jared!"

"I can't leave Jayne!" yelled Spike, now no longer plucking but staring down at me with horror-filled eyes. "Oh my god, Jayne. You're ... in trouble!"

I smiled weakly, the burning pain now a sharp throbbing that pulsed with every heartbeat. I could feel my hot blood still coming out and pooling underneath me, making my tunic sticky. "Yeah. I think the word you're looking for is stabbed. Or skewered maybe. Shish kabobbed?"

Spike dropped down beside me, now that Moriah was off to the side with her raggedy-ass wings and a daemon immobilizing her. "Babe ... babe ..." He was pushing the hair away from my face. "What should I do?"

"Shhhh, stop freaking. I'm pretty sure this is not fatal. I feel strong. Just watch my back for a second while I call someone, 'kay?"

He nodded, his face as white as a sheet.

I closed my eyes and reached out through The Green for the ones I knew I could find. "Finn, Robin ... I'm in the Infinity Meadow. Bring the healers. Aidan, sorry about this dude, but ... " I let out my supersonic werewolf whistle, combining it with visions of my mother's oak.

I opened my eyes up to find Spike staring at me, tears going down his cheeks. "Dude, I'm fine," I said, not as strongly as I would have liked. My voice had lost its volume for some reason.

"You're not fine, Jayne. You're bleeding bad."

"Didn't anyone ever tell you to be positive around injured people? I think I'm the one who's supposed to be saying I'm going to die, and you're the one who's supposed to be reassuring me."

He smiled weakly. "Is that right?"

"Yeah. That's right. That's how it goes." I was so tired, all I wanted to do was shut my eyes. Just for a minute or two.

"I'm sorry. Don't worry, Jayne. You're going to be fine."

I wanted to lift my hand up to pat his handsome face and tell him thanks, but I couldn't. It was time to go to sleep and deal with all of this later.

The last thing I remembered thinking was how pissed Netter was probably going to be about this tunic Moriah had ruined with her stupid-ass sword.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

A FLY WAS BUZZING AROUND my face like I had a picnic on it. I wanted to lift my hands up and brush it away, maybe even smash it, but my arms felt like they were encased in concrete. I wiggled my nose a little to discourage it from landing on me.

"She just moved." Something tapped my cheek. "Hey! Jayne! Wake up, sleeping-used-to-be-beauty-but-isn't-so-much-right-now!"

"Ugh," I said, the only word I was capable of right now.

I heard stumbling footsteps next to my head. "Phew! Someone get a toothbrush over here, stat! And put a rush on some mouthwash too, while you're at it!"

"Have I died and gone to the Underworld?" I asked weakly, still not able to open my eyes but knowing for certain now that my message to my stupid pixie roommate had apparently worked.

"Ha! You should be so lucky." The voice moved back over to my ear. "You are in soooo much trouble. Whoo, am I glad I'm not you. And that I was a hundred kilometers away when you were out there making a mess of things. No way is this sticking on me. I'm innocent."

I cracked open an eye. "How's Willy?"

Tim's hands were on his hips now. "Fine, thanks to you. Or so I hear."

I closed my eye, the effort from keeping it open too much right now with all the talking going on. "Little shit snuck in my bag."

"Yeah. Well. Next time do a pocket check before you go anywhere. Pixies are very crafty."

"Believe me, I will. He was a total pain in the ass."

"Word on the street is he saved your sorry butt and the sorry butts of all those other top gun fae who were the supposed chosen ones for that mission." Tim snorted his disgust. "As if. The fae world is in a sorry state when a baby pixie has to save the day."

"He is your son," I offered, knowing the surest way to cut off this lecture was to stroke Tim's ego.

Tim was silent for a second before responding. "Yes, well, you do have a point, obviously. He's no ordinary baby pixie, I'll give you that."

It was then that I realized I was hearing outdoor noises and not the ones I would have expected in the clinic. "Where am I?" I asked.

"I'll give you three guesses," said Tim. "And I'll just tell you right now that if you guess you're out in the meadow under your mother's tree, you'll be correct."

I chuckled, despite my confusion. "Okay, my first guess is ... the clinic."

"EEErrrhhh! Wrong. Try again. Guess that you're outside under your mother's tree."

"Ummm, hmmm ... maybe I'm ... in my bedroom?"

"EEErrrhhh! Wrong again. One more guess. Guess that you're outside in the meadow under your mother's tree."

"Okay, let me see ... what can it possibly be? I can't decide. I'm going to take a nap until I can come up with something good." I snored for effect.

"Listen, Jayne ... much as I'd like to sit out here all day and wait for you to grow up, I'm afraid the earth just doesn't have enough ozone left for us to wait that long. So, hurry up and wake up enough to tell your lovely friend, the Earth element, to let the dang sword go so we can get you inside."

His last comment had my eyes flying open. I looked up at the night sky above my head, and the thousand bits of flickering light dancing around my head and in the air around me. "What in the hell ... ?"

"Hey, you guys!" yelled Tim. "Come on over here and say hello to the messenger!"

The little lights that were dancing and floating all converged over my head in about five seconds. They went from little pinpricks of light to a spotlight of blinding white light so intense I had to shut my eyes again; and even then, I could still see their glare from behind my eyelids. "Whoa, shut the lights off. You're burning my retinas."

"Shut it down, friends, shut it down. Just give her the minimum," ordered Tim, sounding every inch the drill sergeant.

I opened my eyes when I sensed the light pulling back. Above my head was a huge cloud of buzzing, smiling pixies, all of them with lights on their butts.

"Jayne, I'd like to introduce the firefly pixies of the Jade Colony. Pixies, say hello to my roommate!"

A thousand voices came at me, mostly in unison. "Hello, roommate Jayne!"

I found the strength to turn my head and look at Tim who was only inches from my face. "What the frig, pixieman?"

"You call, we come. Ta daaaa!" He threw out his arms, gesturing around us - not just to the firefly pixies above my face, but to the other crowds of pixies, that hovered just beyond.

"How many of them are there?" I whispered, freaking out about the catastrophe of having thousands of pixelations on my hands, probably enough that it would wipe out the last unhappy fae on the entire planet.

"Pretty much all of them, from every colony." Tim started dancing some crazy tap dance jig, his elbows flying out all over the place. "It's a revolution, Jayne, all thanks to you!"

I closed my eyes and started to cry. "Oh, f**k. I'm doomed. Just shoot me now. Someone get this sword out of me and shove it into my eye."

"No, Jayne!" said Tim, ceasing his dance moves to run over to my ear. "This is a good thing!"

"How could the pixelation of every living fae be good?"

Tim leaned his hand on my cheek. I couldn't see him, but I knew that he was examining his cuticles. He had that special tone in his voice. "Jayne, Jayne, Jayne ... whatever am I going to do with you?" His hand left my face. "Every pixie here has sworn a blood oath to keep his dust to himself. There will be no pixelations now or ever. Or, heh, heh ... not without consequences, anyway. We're all good!"

"I can't believe Dardennes is okay with this. He put your butt in a bell jar not that long ago. You were the exception to the no-pixie rule."

"Bell jar, smell jar. That was just a precaution. Dardennes knows me. He's known me for years. I just ... you know ... can get a little feisty sometimes, so he did what he had to do. I don't hold that against him."

I frowned, opening my eyes again, my confusion and frustration at once again realizing how in the dark I always am firing me up enough to give me new energy. "What are you saying? That Dardennes knew who you were personally? Why would he put you in jail then?"

"I can't believe you're asking me this, oh airheaded roomie of mine. You know that I'm passionate. Spending a week in the Overworld with the fruit of my loins should have clued you in if all the other months you've known me hadn't already." He came over and put his head nearly inside my ear canal. "What I'm about to tell you cannot leave this eardrum, do you agree to my terms?"

I nodded, not sure I was telling the truth, but too interested not to at least let him think I was.

"I am a secret agent spy for the fae. I had just completed a mission for them and returned a little ... hot. So they had to, you know, contain the fire that is Tim for a bit until I could keep my dust under control."

"But they were going to send you to a colony."

"Yeah, well, hot is really hot when it's Tim hot."

I shook my head, sending him dancing out of the way. "You're nuts. Seriously, get me out of here. I'm not even sure this isn't a nightmare."

"I will. The healers who are standing just over there will. But we need you to get this sword out of the ground first. They've done their best to heal you here in the meadow, but until that blade's out, you're not going anywhere."

It was then that I finally realized that I was still pinned to the meadow like a butterfly in a display case. I'd forgotten to tell The Green to let the damn blade go. I sighed heavily, asking it to release the weapon from its hold, instantly feeling a shock of pain as it moved just a millimeter in response to my breathing.

"Holy ... shit on a stick, that hurts!" I moaned.

Tim took off, and I heard him bossing somebody around. He was probably yelling in their ear from the sound of it. I felt some vibrations in the ground as someone approached. From the light of the still-hovering pixies, I could see the wrinkled face of the healer who'd once taken Tim's blood for me.

"Can I take this out now?" he asked, concern marring his features.

"Yes," I said. "Do it carefully, though, please. It's friggin killing me just to breathe."

He looked up and nodded at someone. Beau came into view, his giant wings tight against his back. I heard whisperings of awe coming from the pixies nearby, and they flew out of his way as he stepped over me, straddling my torso with his legs.

I stared up at his gorgeous face, wondering what a girl says to an angel who's about to rip a blade out of her shoulder.

"Got stuck," I said, unable to come up with anything more.

He nodded.

"You're going to take it out?"

He nodded once more.

"Try not to hurt me," I said, gritting my teeth together tightly.

He bent over and curved his fingers around the handle. "Close your eyes," he said softly.

I followed his orders but had zero time to consider their uncharacteristically soft tone before the blinding, scorching pain from the blade moving out of my body sent me back into the land of the barely living.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

I WOKE UP IN MY room, lying in the center of my bed, covered to the neck in my soft comforter. Tim, Abby, and Willy were asleep in a little pile on the pillow to the right of me. I turned my head to watch them, a spot in my heart melting at the picture of family love they created.

Tim was snoring on his back, as usual, his arm and shoulder cradling the head of his wife who was snuggled up to his side. Willy was cuddled up in between them, also on his back, also snoring, his broken wings, arms, and legs thrown out in all directions to cover his parents. I wasn't sure how Abby managed to stay asleep with all that racket, but she sure did look content. Even when Tim's body shook with a choking and snorting seizure, she didn't move or alter her breathing pattern.

I felt a warmth on my left, and turned to figure out its source. Spike was asleep on my other side, his face in repose, his eyes closed, giving me the perfect opportunity to study him up close without him knowing. His dark hair was in its usual state of disarray, and his dark lashes lying against his skin showed off how thick they were. Why do guys always get the gorgeous lashes? I thought of my own sparse ones and the possible state of my hair and face and hoped he wasn't going to wake up before I could get out of there and shower.

As if he'd read my mind, his eyes opened and he caught me staring at him before I could look away.

"Good morning, gorgeous," he said, flashing me his amazing smile.

"I see your eyesight hasn't improved with the ingestion of demon blood."

He grimaced. "Don't remind me. That chick was nasty."

I smiled. "You didn't think she was super sexy with her leather and black wings and stuff?"

"Welllll, I'm not saying she's ugly or anything, but I'll take a girl in a hoodie and jeans without any wings, any day of the week."

I shook my head, turning to look at the ceiling. "Sad."

He reached out and put his hand on my cheek, forcing me to look at him again. "Not sad. Just in love."

Tears came to my eyes, and I had no idea why.

He moved his fingers from my cheek to wipe the moisture away. "Why does that make you cry? Should I apologize?"

I shook my head, not trusting myself to speak. I'd probably start bawling and wake all the pixies up.

"Are they happy tears? Maybe? Possibly?"

I nodded, more tears coming out at the idea that it was the truth. I really was happy that he loved me, and for the first time, it didn't feel like a burden or a hassle. Maybe it was seeing my roommates all wrapped up, vulnerable, in that love nest or whatever. Maybe it was getting skewered by a demon. I wasn't sure, but something was telling me that love like this didn't come along all that often - I sure hadn't seen much of it in my lifetime - and I shouldn't just walk away from a gift that precious. Apparently, being stabbed had made me all gooey or maudlin or whatever.

Spike leaned in for a soft kiss on my lips, the warmth and promise it carried making me tingle. But he pulled back almost as soon as he'd made contact. "You have a lot of healing to do, so I'm not going to bother you. But when you're all done, you and I are going to the forest together so I can finally show you something."

"What?" I whispered.

"What I do," he whispered back.

"I can't wait." And I meant it. I grinned at him, trying not to wince at the pain that came from my shoulder as I tried to roll on my side.

"Don't move," he said, sliding out of bed and scrubbing his hair. "I'm going to find someone to help you."

"Don't go," I said, pitifully. I felt like this thing between us was maybe just a fantasy, and I wasn't ready for it to end yet.

"I'm not going anywhere. I gotta make sure you don't change your mind and start mooning over that angel guy."

I frowned. "What angel guy?"

"Beau. The one who pulled the sword out of you and carried you around like some kind of babydoll."

He left the room in a flash, one second he was there and the next just gone. I looked back at the ceiling thinking about what he'd said. I had no feelings for Beau, other than the total admiration for his beauty and of course the little jolt his sexiness sent into me when he just stood there studying me. I'd already learned well enough that loving an angel was a waste of time and energy. We lived in different realms, and well, that was a little too long distance for me. I needed someone who could hold me in his arms, kiss me when I needed it, and tell me I didn't suck. Beau was not that man. Chase was not that man. But Spike? He was that man. And he did it so well, I could hardly hope for anything better. I smiled, thinking about all the bullcrap I'd been through to finally find my prince oh-so-charming.

"Well, there she is!" said a delighted Becky, popping into my room and appearing next to my bed without any notice. "And even with some color in your cheeks too!" She clapped her hands excitedly.

I frowned at her. "Don't be so happy. I still have a giant hole in my shoulder."

She pulled the covers down off me. "No you don't, silly. You're almost totally healed."

I looked down at my wound, for the first time brave enough to check out the damage. I expected to see bloody gauze or at least a seeping wound that was probably festering with demon germs, but my shoulder wasn't covered with anything medical. I reached up with my opposite hand and pushed the open neck of my tunic aside to see that the skin was almost totally back to normal. There was just a darker red patch in a small spot where there should have been something totally nasty and huge.

"What the ... ?"

"Fae blood. Fast healing. Remember?" She was smiling again. "Come on. I'm here to help you take a shower and get ready."

"Get ready for what?" I asked, sitting up and wincing at the ache that came from my former wound.

"For the meeting," she said, acting busy in my drawers taking things out; but she was opening the same ones over and over.

"What meeting, Becky? And don't try and lie about it because you can't."

She turned around. "I can so lie if I want. I'm a good liar."

"No, you're not," I said, sitting up and swinging my legs out of bed. "You suck at it, in fact."

She crossed her arms. "I've lied. You don't know."

"You might have lied, but I'm sure you didn't do it well. You're probably the only one you fooled."

"Ha!"

I looked over at her, confused why she was getting in such a snit over it. "Why do you want to be good at lying? It's a compliment to your character that you can't do it, you dope."

She lifted her chin. "Lying is a skill necessary in the art of espionage."

I laughed. "Yeah. Right. So the fact that you're part of the super spy fae network, globe trotting to thwart the plans of the evil empire is not in jeopardy because I've sussed you out since you're such a good liar."

She disappeared and reappeared in front of me, hands on hips. "Who told you? Tell me right now, so I can turn them in!"

She was seriously fuming, leaving me at a total loss. "Becky? Have you been drinking the buggane martini in Ben's room?"

She frowned at me. "What? No. Why would you ask me that?"

"Because, you're acting drunk. Now help me get to the bathroom before I pee the bed and send those pixies floating away."

"Ew." She looked over at them as she put her arm around my back, helping me to the bathroom. "Awww, they're so cute, aren't they?"

"Yep. Adorable. Except for the snoring and farting parts."

Becky screwed up her nose. "Poor Abby."

"Shoot. Abby's the worst of all three of 'em," I said, laughing.

I heard Tim giggle too and then Abby yell, "Hey! I heard that!"

I sighed in happiness. I loved my roomies, and my dorky water sprite friend. I'd been stabbed with a kickass sword and lived to tell about it. I felt like I could rule the world right now and not mess it up.

"So what's this meeting about?" I asked from my seat on the toilet.

Becky stood in front of my mirror, tweaking her hair. "The general upheaval you've caused by hijacking the guardian seekers and bringing an angel of death back with you."

She said it with such a straight face that I wasn't sure if she was joking or not. "Say what?"

Becky looked at me in the reflection of the mirror. "You heard me. You're being called in for a major scolding." She went back to her hair. "But don't worry about it. Jared's got your back. So does Ben. It's all just for show."

"What do you mean?" I asked, finishing up my business and getting out of my clothes so I could take a shower.

Becky went over and sat on the toilet, pushing up her cuticles as she talked. "Do you really need me to explain this to you? You left the realm without the council's permission, you took a baby with you and an innocent incubus who really should have known better, you got Tony's and Finn's faces burned off, and you somehow got Maggie all irate and over here raising cain with anyone who will listen to her. The doo-doo is so deep right now, you're going to need waders to get out of it."

I stood there with my mouth half open and the shampoo bubbling on my head. "Are you friggin kidding me? I'm going down for all that? Most of that's not even me!"

"Oh, yeah ... and I forgot to mention ... Celine's disappeared, so you're taking the fall for that, too."

I sputtered in the water, squinching my eyes closed when the shampoo invaded them and started burning. I quickly rinsed my head and face, talking the whole time. "Celine's gone? That's just great. You can blame Maggie for that one, not me. Those two are in some serious crap together, you would not believe. Samantha was supposed to tell you all that. Didn't she? And besides, that baby pixie snuck in my bag, and he was charmed to sleep by Sam. How was I supposed to know he was there? And Spike is his own guy. I didn't make him come. And as for your stupid boyfriend's face, that's all on him. I told him to stop walking towards the dragon, but he didn't listen to me. The punk had it coming."

"Tell it to the jury," said Becky, shrugging. "I have to go get ready." She started walking towards the door.

"Get ready for what?"

"For your hearing. See you soon." And then she was gone.

I stood there in the water, freaking out about my near future. I was going on trial for shit that wasn't even my fault. What about all the good things I did? What about getting that dragon on board? Aren't I going to get any credit for that? So maybe it was Ben who had to actually do the deal, but I was the one who'd negotiated it. The negotiator should get some credit. At least, that was what I kept telling myself as I got dressed and towel-dried my hair.

The pixies had left me to my own devices in my room, and by the time Spike showed back up to take me to this hearing thing or whatever, I had worked myself into a real panic.

"Come on, babe, let's get outta here."

"Where are we going? The Underworld? Because I'm totally ready for the trip. Let's go." I rushed over to my bed and pulled out the new backpack that I'd seen stored under there next to my mimicker boxes. I'd lost track of my old one in the Overworld somewhere, so I was happy to see Netter was so on the ball and got me a replacement. I went to my dresser with it, planning to fill it up, when Spike stopped me, his hand on my arm.

"What are you doing? You're not going anywhere right now. Definitely not the Underworld."

"But ..."

"No buts. Come on. Everyone is waiting."

"Et tu, Spike?" Desperate times called for desperate measures. Time to bust out the Shakespeare.

"Seems I've heard that before," he said, leading me to the door, through my sitting area, and then out into the hallway.

"Yeah, well this is the second time you've led me out to the killing fields."

He laughed. "Dramatic. I like it."

I grumbled the rest of the way to wherever I was being taken. "Everyone always focuses on the bad. What about the good? There was good happening there, too. Adults need to be responsible for themselves. It's not my fault if people volunteer to help me. I think the negotiator should get some credit, and that credit should erase a lot of the bad, right? All's well that ends well. Hasn't anyone ever heard of that? I'm a big believer in that saying, you know."

Spike stopped in front of a door I knew to be Dardennes' office. He put both hands on my upper arms, pulling me in for a quick kiss before letting me go. He stared me in the eyes and said, "Get your shit together. Be strong. Know that I'm right there with you, no matter what."

I nodded once, too choked up to speak. Everything I'd done had gone to crap eventually, no matter how hard I tried. I took in a deep breath and let it out. Time to face the music. I nodded at the door. "Open it. I'm ready."

Spike nodded back at me and grasped the handle, pushing the door in so I could enter.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

AS SOON AS MY FOOT crossed over the threshold, the applause began. Spike came up behind me and gently pushed me the rest of the way in, since my own motor seemed to be broken. My jaw hung open in surprise, this greeting being about as far from the one I'd been expecting as it possibly could have been.

I caught movement across the room and found Becky there, doing a crazy dance and smiling her fool head off. I could read her lips from where I stood. "Gotcha!" Then she yelled, "Told you I'm a good liar!"

I shook my head. Little punk is going to pay for this one. I was about to start concocting my plans for retribution, but my thoughts were cut off by all the fae shaking my hand and thanking me for being so helpful with the whole dragon recruiting plan.

Eventually, I got to Dardennes. The noise of the little party going on around us gave us a weird kind of privacy, allowing us to speak without being bothered or overheard.

"So, I guess I'm not in trouble," I said.

He gestured around the room with his gaze. "On the contrary."

"It's not that I don't appreciate this shindig and everything, but I'm kind of confused as to why everyone's so happy when I went without permission."

"You went without the gray elves' recommendation. That is not the same thing."

"Well, unless that spell that Samantha dropped on my room messed up my memory, I don't recall having gotten permission from the council to go."

"And yet you went anyway," he said, his expression impossible to read. "And no one stopped you, either."

I shrugged. "You know me. Just had to do what I thought was right."

"You went to protect your friend."

"Yeah. And I'll do it again if you send him to the Underworld without me."

He lifted an eyebrow at my obvious challenge.

"Sorry. I don't mean to be rude or anything. I just ... you know ... can't let my best friend get killed. He needs me."

"I think the need is mutual."

I nodded. "Maybe so. He saved my life in more ways than one. But I guess you know that already."

He nodded once, his eyes closing slowly before opening again.

"So what's the deal with Celine?" I gazed around the room, pretending to look for her again, when I already knew she wasn't there.

"She is taking care of some business for the council."

I nodded, acting all casual. "Does that include collecting souls for Maggie?" I looked up to read his expression, but he wasn't making it easy. He looked as stoic as Beau on his best day.

"No. That is most definitely not council business."

"Are you pissed at her?" I took a drink of the juice Spike had handed me earlier.

"No, I am not."

"I am."

"Perhaps you should not be so quick to judge that which you do not fully understand." He lifted half his mouth in a smile that did not reach his eyes.

"Perhaps you shouldn't be so easy on someone who steals souls and delivers them to nasty witches." I wanted to widen my feet and put my hand on my weapon, but I resisted the impulse. Dardennes knew these were fighting words. I couldn't seem to help myself, but it was pissing me off that he was acting like this was no big deal.

"You will find that I am a very forgiving elf. In fact, I'm surprised you do not already know this about me." He was staring at me intensely, and the swirling of the clouds in his silver eyes sped up.

He had forgiven a lot from me over the months, that much was true. And if I were being totally honest with myself, I'd have to admit he was the most chill adult I'd ever known in my life. He'd never once given me a hard time about my swearing or going off and messing around. I shrugged. "Yeah, you're cool most of the time. But still ... soul stealing? Seriously effed up, Dardennes. Even you can't deny that."

"Nothing is as black and white as you make it seem. Another thing you should have learned by now."

I sighed heavily. This conversation was turning into a total drag. "Okay, so yeah. Whatever. You're right. I don't know who the good guys are and who the bad guys are anymore. I think I liked it more when it was much clearer."

"It was never clear; that was only your poor perception making it appear that way. Don't regret clarity, Jayne. It will save your life one day, I'm certain of it."

I laughed humorlessly. "What, you know this about me from all that scrying you've been doing? You've seen my future?"

He frowned at me. "There is no scrying being done."

"Like hell there isn't. Go talk to Ben about that." I looked around the room but he wasn't there. I could have sworn he had been earlier. "I guess you'll have to catch him another time. He must be busy what with all that demon-raising he's been doing."

Dardennes set his glass down on his desk. "These are some interesting theories you're bringing up, Jayne. May I ask where they're coming from?"

I shrugged. "No, you may not."

His eyebrow went up at that. "Excuse me?"

"I said, no you may not." I smiled to take some of the sting out of my words.

"I believe this is a matter for the council," he said, looking from me to Ivar who was off to the side.

I put my drink down too, preparing to go. "And I believe this is a matter for me and me alone, and not anyone who I don't fully trust at the moment. I'm sure you'll understand, since you're so cool and forgiving and all. But I promise, as soon as I have it all figured out, you'll be one of the first to know." I turned and left the room, ignoring Ivar's stare and grabbing onto Spike's sleeve as I went. He followed behind saying nothing, setting his drink down on a table as we walked by it.

Once we were out in the hallway, I took off running.

"Where are we going?" asked Spike, jogging next to me.

"Tell me why Tony and Finn weren't at that little party back there," I said. "And Niles and Jared."

"I think they're on their way out of here, going on the next mission." He grabbed me by the arm and made me stop. "Jayne, come on. You can't go this time. Really."

I detached myself from his grasp. "Says who? The council?"

"Yeah. And me."

That pulled some of the wind out of my sails. "Why you?"

"I'm not allowed to be worried about you?"

"Yeah, you can worry a little. But that doesn't make you my keeper or my boss." I folded my arms over my chest.

"I wouldn't even try to be those things. I just think you need to rest a little while with that shoulder injury and everything you've been through, before you go off half-cocked again."

"That party was meant to distract me from them leaving, wasn't it?"

Spike frowned. "Why would you say that?"

"Because. Tony and them were here just a little while ago, and now they're gone."

"No, they've been gone for a while. The party was just to acknowledge what you've done for the fae, which is no small thing. And you suffered for it, so they were doing something nice for you." He stroked my arm. "Why are you so paranoid?"

I grabbed Spike's upper arms and stared at him. "Did you or did you not talk to Samantha about what was going on with Celine and all her bullshit?"

"No, not really."

"Why not?!" I yelled right in his face.

He leaned back a little before answering. "Beeeecause ... I went with you to find the pixies, and I heard she got pulled out of your room by Ben right after we left and didn't tell any of the others anything. When I got back from taking care of you, she was gone."

"Where?!" I shrieked stepping back away from him.

"I don't know, maybe with the others. Geez, would you relax?" He pulled me into a hug, but I struggled to free myself. "Jayne!" he said sharply. "You need to just chill for a second and think this through with me before you take off. I'm not letting you go until you agree to that."

I could feel his arms around me like tight bands that would be impossible to break without The Green's help. And I didn't want to do that against him because I knew he had my best interests at heart. I could trust him, as much as I trusted Tony. Or at least I hoped I could.

"Okay. I won't take off until you're happy with my explanations."

"Good," he said, letting me go and stepping back.

"Or until I get fed up with explaining shit to you." He opened his mouth to complain, but I mowed right over him. "I want to know when everyone left and how they got to where they were going. I assume they went to the Underworld."

Spike nodded. "Yes. That's where I heard they were going."

"And everyone from the other trip went?"

"Yes. Everyone but you and me."

"How'd they get there?" I started tapping my toe impatiently.

"I have no idea." He looked down at my foot. "Relax, Jayne. A few more minutes of talking isn't going to change anything."

"It could! It could be the last few seconds I have to get there and save Tony from some terrible disaster!"

"Like what? Him getting his eyebrows singed off?" Spike smiled.

I refused to be sucked in by his sexiness. "Yes! Exactly like that ... or worse. He needs me there."

Spike held up his hands in surrender and then put them on my shoulders. "Okay. Listen. I get that you need to be with him. And I'm not here to stand in the middle of that. I like my hair too much."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

He smiled again. "I've seen your left hook. I don't want to go down with one of those. It'll mess up the 'do."

I punched him in the arm before I started walking again. "Come on. Let's go talk to Tim and get my stuff."

"What stuff?" he asked, keeping pace with me on my right.

"Just stuff." For all I knew there were listening spells in this hallway, and I wasn't going to clue any of the council members in on what I was doing before I had to.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

I GOT TO MY ROOM in record time. I left Spike sitting on the couch and found Tim out in the garden regaling a few hundred pixies with stories of his adventures with the wild and crazy elemental, Jayne Blackthorne.

After a minute or so of standing in the entrance to the garden and listening to a bunch of garbage about how he single-handedly fended off a foaming buggane and saved fifty fae from certain death, I said, "Yo, Tim ... got a minute?"

"Of course, my liege!" he yelled before turning back to his audience. "Important council business. I'll see you all later. You're going to love the story about how I saved our Mother from a demon at her mother's house." He flew up from the flower throne he'd been resting his big toosh on and joined me in the sitting room. "What's up, chicken butt? Anything interesting?"

"Did you know about that party they had for me?"

"Yes, I heard about it, but I was busy with all my admirers. It was hard to break away. I was planning to be fashionably late. You know how it is."

"Well, don't bother. I'm not there anymore, and the food sucked."

He suddenly stopped inspecting his manicure. "There was food? No one said there was going to be food."

"Yeah, you know ... the usual," I said, acting all casual, pretending like I wasn't about to drop a bomb on him. "But, oh yeah, they did have raspberries. That was something different. Pretty good too. I had, like, fifty of 'em."

"Raspberries?! They had raspberries?!" Tim's hands were now in prayer position. "Tell me they weren't fresh! Tell me they were frozen!"

I shrugged as innocently as I could. "I don't know the difference. Are they fresh or frozen if they're all fat and juicy and kind of pop a little in your mouth ... oh and taste like they have sugar inside?"

Tim swooned in midair, and I caught him in the palm of my hand. I had to speak through the laughter that bubbled up. "I'm only kidding. There wasn't any food."

Tim sat up immediately, scowling at me. "Dirty pool, Lellamental." He scanned the room. "Where's my son? I suddenly find myself in the mood for some polly ball games."

"Forget my nostrils for a half a minute and listen up. I'm going to the Underworld. I need everything you've got about the posse that went ahead of me and how they got there."

Tim flew up out of my hand and hovered in front of my face, his hands on his hips. "Jayne Middle-Name-I-Don't-Know Sparks Blackthorne ... what do you think you're doing?"

I walked around him into my bedroom, grabbing the backpack that I'd tossed to the side and bringing it over to my dresser. "Nothing." I pulled out a tunic, a pair of jeans, and a couple pairs of underwear, adding some extra hair bands for good measure. I looked around my room for the empty water bottle that I'd spied on my side table earlier. It was still there, so I snatched it up and filled it in the bathroom, Tim buzzing next to me the entire time.

"That's a lie," he accused. "Tell me the truth. You can't go. It's a suicide mission."

I stopped in my tracks. "What?!"

He backed up a little. "Hey, watch the volume there, angel-plucker, I'm not the enemy."

I frowned, confused by my new nickname. "What?"

"I'm serious. As your roommate, and confidant ... as your father-figure and mentor ... as your rock star crush and unrequited love ... I cannot condone your going on this trip."

"You have no authority ..."

He zipped over and slapped me on the cheek. "Hey! I wasn't done talking! Don't sass me!"

I was so shocked, all I could do was just stare at him as he finished.

"As I was saying ... I cannot condone your going on this trip ... without me."

My brain was going haywire trying to figure out what the hell he was saying. "Are you ... ?" I shook my head. "No ... you're not ... "

"H to the E to the double L, yes I am too saying that I'm going!" whisper-yelled Tim feverishly. "You can't leave me behind again! Do you have any idea how I suffered? The agony I was forced to endure? The anguish of the unknown? It was the single worst period of my life. I almost drank myself to death! Did you know that I ingested an entire vat of fermented blueberry juice by myself? Yes, Jayne. It's true. I gained three pixie-kilos. They threw me in the drunkards tank! I was an outcast for at least a day! I tried to jump off a cliff but my wings kept opening up and flying me back to the top. I couldn't even manage my own suicide properly."

I smiled. "Are you sure that wasn't just your refusal to leave all of your legions of fans that kept those wings from staying closed?"

"Legions of fans mean nothing without family, Jayne. Never forget that."

I nodded soberly at him. "I missed you too, Tim."

"I wasn't talking about you. I meant Willy."

I tried to swat at him, but he was too fast for me, giggling like an escaped mental patient the whole time. "Gotcha on that one, Lellamental! Whoo hooo! That is just pixie dust for the soul! Somebody get me a fire hose because I am too hot right now, too hot!"

"Whatever, turd monkey. I'm outta here." I snagged the new toothbrush and paste Netter had made sure would be there when I returned from my swording, and walked over to slam my dresser drawer shut.

"I'll bee are bee," said Tim, flying out of the room.

I shrugged. Whatever that means. I finished arranging the water bottle in my bag alongside everything else and zipped it up, throwing the backpack over my shoulder and leaving the room.

Spike stood up from the couch. "Ready to go get my stuff?"

"What are you going to get?"

He shrugged. "I don't know. Just some water and a toothbrush. Maybe some food."

We moved to the door, but before we were fully through, Tim came screeching up behind us. "Hey! Where are you going? Didn't you hear me say I'd bee are bee?"

I turned around to face him and nearly laughed out loud. He had his fanny pack on and had slicked his hair down until it was plastered to his head. "What are you doing? What happened to your hair?"

"I'm coming with you. Geez, when did you get so thick? And I've done my hair for the trip. You like?" He spun once in a circle. "Of course you do. What's not to like? Come on. Open the door. My wings are burning with the need for adventure."

I sighed. "Tim you're not going."

"Yes, I am!" he screeched in a high-pitched voice.

"You can't."

"Why not? You're not the boss. I'm the boss. You do what I say, and I say open that door." He nodded once to look extra tough, but the fanny pack was killing any hope he had of seeming authoritative.

"What does Abby say about this?" I asked.

"She gave me her blessing, not that it's any of your business." He snorted in disgust.

"You can't risk your life for me, Tim. You have your family here."

He flew over to hover at the end of my nose. I just closed my eyes and prepared myself for the berating I knew I was about to get.

"Open your eyes when I'm talking to you."

"I can't. Your man-parts are too close."

"Ha! You wish. Open 'em."

I peeked one lid up. He was farther back now, so I opened them all the way. "Say what you have to say, but you're not going."

"Abby!" Tim yelled while staring me down. "Tell her what you said!"

I could tell he was fuming over having to do this, but all that did was make me want to laugh more. Pissed-off pixies were hilarious. Pixie dust for the soul is right.

Abby's voice rose up from the plant-covered table that served as their home. "Let him go, Jayne! He was miserable here without you. I'll either divorce him or kill him with my bare hands if he stays behind again!"

I whistled. "Daaamn ... she-pixies do not mess around."

Tim nodded, his eyebrows way up. "You see? You have to let me go. You don't want my murder on your hands do you?"

I shook my head. But the guilt still nagged at me. "But what about your son? If something were to happen to you, I'd never forgive myself."

"You're not my parent, Jayne. And as bossy as you are, you're not my boss, either. I make my own decisions, and one of them is to protect the way of life we have as fae; and I can't do that sitting here on my tight, sweet, perfectly-formed buns all day while others are out there fighting the good fight. I have to do my part. My son has done his part to save our kind, now I will do the same."

"Awesomeness runs in the family," I said, smiling genuinely now, and it had mostly nothing to do with the fanny pack bulging at his waist.

He threw up his hands and slapped his legs. "Finally! You get me. Come on now, let's go. We're burning daylight."

"It's nighttime, Tim," I reminded him.

"What do you care? You sleep all day anyway. Where are we going, by the way?" he asked as we went out into the hall.

"I'm not sure. Spike? Where are we going?"

"To my room to get some stuff and then to the prison rooms."

"Why the prison rooms?" I asked, trying to keep up with him and getting breathless in the process.

"Because that's where they're keeping Moriah, and I think she can help us get to the Underworld."

I shivered thinking about how I was going to soon see the demon angel who'd tried to murder me in a very painful way - the same one who was missing a bunch of her plumage due to my boyfriend's enthusiasm for rescuing me from her clutches. If I were her, I probably wouldn't be that thrilled about helping us out.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?" she spat out, sounding as if nothing would make her happier than to remove my limbs for me. And she could only have looked more demonically sexy if she had a whip to swirl around in the air above her head. She was as badass as badass gets.

"We came to make a deal," I said, sounding stronger than I felt.

She cocked a hip, raising a brow at me. "A deal? What kind of deal?"

"Be careful, Jayne, you can't mess this up," warned Tim, standing on my shoulder and hanging onto a clump of hair in a too-tight grip.

"Thanks for the tip, pixieman," I said. The useless one. To Moriah I said, "We need to get to the Underworld."

She shrugged. "And I care because ... ?"

"You need to get back to the Underworld."

She frowned, looking very unconvinced. "Not really. I'm happy in the Here and Now." A slow, evil smile spread across her shiny, red lips. "You have such nice all-you-can-eat buffets here. I'm just dying to try them." She tipped her head back and laughed like the scary demon whatever that she was.

"Nice wings," I said, before I could stop myself.

Her laughter cut off in an instant. "No thanks to your boyfriend." The venom in her words was more than a little frightening. I wanted to put Spike in a Green bubble shield, but I resisted. I couldn't let her know that she was pulling my strings so easily.

"You deserved it," he said, shrugging. "You want to play, you suffer the consequences."

She nodded slowly, looking Spike up and down. "On second thought, maybe I will go back to the Underworld ... and take you with me." She licked her lips, her intentions more than clear.

I stepped a little closer to her. "Hands off, harpy. He's mine."

"I'll fight you for him," she said matter-of-factly.

"No!" said Spike a little too loudly. He cleared his throat and started again, "No, that won't be necessary. I'm with Jayne, and she's the only one I want to be with, so you'd be wasting your time."

She looked right at him, her eyes swirling with red and black. "Don't be so sure about that, incubussss ..." She tipped her head down a little but kept up her intense gaze.

"Mayday, mayday, mayday!" yelled Tim. "Demon mesmerizing, twelve o'clock!" He flew over, detaching his fanny pack as he went. Before I could move a muscle, he got to Spike's face, drew back with the fanny pack, and let it fly, nailing Spike right in the eye.

"Ow! Shit!" Spike yelled, grabbing his face and spinning around, slightly bent over. "Holy ... dammit! Jayne! What the hell?!" He tried to pull his hand away, but apparently the fanny pack injury was too painful. He hissed and left his cupped palm over it as he stood back up, glaring at Tim with his one good eye.

"Yeah! Take that, demon wench!" yelled Tim, flipping Moriah the bird as he flew backwards towards me, his fanny pack back on and cinched-up tight.

I was sincerely glad she was chained at the waist to the wall; otherwise, we'd probably all be part of Moriah's all-you-can eat buffet right now, served up hot and fresh, room service even. I rubbed Spike's back as I tried to regroup and figure out whether we should just leave or keep trying to get her to help.

"Pixies are just as annoying here as they are in my realm, I see," she said, sighing and stepping back towards the wall. She leaned against it, her wings pushing a little out to the side. Her thigh-high boots and leathery, strappy pants making her look like a crazy SandM goth hooker.

I ignored her insult, but Tim let out a tiny fart.

"Good one, Tim. You told her."

I received another one right by my ear for my unappreciated support.

I sighed. "Listen, Moriah, we don't have a lot of time. Are you going to deal or not? Let me know and stop f**king around, or we're just going to leave you and your torn-up wings here to rot."

"What do you have that I want? That is how you make a deal with a demon. I believe you are already familiar with the process, are you not?"

My face colored with the memory. "Shut up."

"Oh, I'm sorry ... is that a sore spot for you? Do your friends not know that you allowed a demon to come and live amongst you here in your realm?"

"They know."

"Uhhh ... not sure that we do," said Spike, looking over at me, his one eye still covered.

I glance at him briefly before facing Moriah again. "I'll tell you later. It's not a big deal."

"She's right. Torrie is of no consequence to us anymore. He got what he wanted. We have others making sure the wheels continue to turn. Tell me, elemental ... what are you willing to sacrifice to get where you want to go?"

"Not much," I said honestly. "I have someone else who can help me, so I don't necessarily need you. You're just easier to get to right now."

She frowned "And who would this demon be who would so willingly help you, I wonder?"

No way was I giving her Garrett's name. He couldn't possibly be on her side.

"No matter," she said, dismissing her own question with a careless wave. "I am willing to make a bargain. You want to go to the Underworld? ... I can take you."

"What do you want in return?" I asked, wary now about the whole trickery that could be involved in the wording of these deals. I didn't want another Torrie debacle on my hands.

"Not much," she shrugged, "just that you agree to give me my weapon back."

"Careful, Jayne," said Tim. "Demons are sneaky, especially the female ones."

I ignored him, the alarm bells already going off in my head at her request. That was the weapon that had almost killed me. I could still feel the ache in my shoulder, even though I knew the wound was fully healed now.

"So you just want your sword back?" I confirmed.

"Yes. I want you to agree to give me my sword back."

I opened my mouth to say something, but Spike beat me to it. "That's not what Jayne said. She said that you want your sword back, not that she'd agree to give it back to you. How about if I go get it and give it to you, would that work?"

My heart sang at my brilliant boyfriend's response. He totally got this demon thing. I didn't really care how he knew so much about doing it, either. He was watching my back as usual. I waited for her answer, hardly breathing.

"It's the same thing," she said, staring me down and ignoring Spike. "Semantics. Do we have a deal?"

I reached over and took Spike's hand for courage and to let him know we were a team, saying, "The deal is that if you agree to bring us to the Underworld, Spike will go get your weapon and hand it to you. Right?"

Her voice was as cool as a cucumber, and the rest of her body screamed no big deal, but her nostrils? Not so much. They were flaring out like a pair of wings that were going to start flapping around and fly her ass out of here. She nodded. "Yes. You agree to give me back my weapon in exchange for safe passage. It's a deal."

I shook my head. "Nope. Sorry. That wasn't the deal."

Moriah leaped forward, opening her mouth so wide, and letting out a shriek so unholy awful, I nearly peed myself. I for sure lost a couple years off my life - maybe a decade, even. It was like her jaw had come unhinged, boa constrictor-style, and long, pointy teeth that I didn't know were in there gaped out at me. She was like a great white shark leaping out of the water to eat the end of a boat, and I was the boat.

Luckily that chain around her waist was made of something stronger than me, and kept her from getting close enough to touch us. The drool coming off her fangs looked like acid the way it bubbled inside her mouth, and I wasn't surprised at all when it hissed as it hit the ground.

"Now that is some nasty-ass drool," I said, staring in sick fascination at her face as it quickly morphed back into the beautiful demon woman it had been before she'd lost her shit.

"Thought you were smarter than us, didn't you, demon tramp?! Boo yah! In yo ugly demon-serpent face!" yelled Tim, flying circles around my head, making me dizzy. "Let me pixie her ugly butt, Jayne. Let's watch a demon get high on my dust. Come on, it'll be fun."

"Keep your butt dust leashed there, Farticus, we need to figure out what the deal is with this sword."

"How about this ... ," said Spike, " ... we agree to take you back with us, if you show us how to get to the Underworld."

"No. Not without my sword." Her lips thinned and her jaw muscle twitched. I was fully prepared for her to become unhinged again - literally and figuratively - any second.

"Who owns the sword now? Who has the right to the sword?" asked Spike. He was studying her so closely, I thought for a second he might be mesmerized again; but then he looked at me and winked his bloodshot, fanny-packed eye, and I knew he wasn't.

"How do I know?" she shrugged, looking around the room as if suddenly interested in its square architecture and boring stone walls.

"Jayne does," said Tim. "Demon-wench lost the battle, so she forfeits her weapon to the one more powerful than her. That's Jayne; Jayne owns it!" He flew down onto my shoulder and started dancing. "Whoo hoo, Jayne owns a demon sword! Take me out back and paint me in pollen, we are goin' to the Underworld."

I laughed in spite of the cranky demon in front of me. "What are you talking about, spaz?"

"It's common lore. Everyone who's anyone knows it. That sword is yours, baby." He finally stopped dancing. "Just call it to you. Call it."

"What?"

Spike leaned in to whisper in my ear. "What's he saying?"

I held up a finger to ask for a minute, while I sussed out the details from my roommate. "Tell me how, Tim."

"I don't know. Do I look like the owner of a demon sword? No, I don't. I'm smarter than that. No one who wants to live to tell about it tangles with a demon."

I rolled my eyes. "Great. Now you tell me."

"Just picture the sword in your mind and call it to you. I think that's how it works," he said. "But maybe, you know, picture it outside the door or something so we don't suffer any stab wounds."

"Are you saying I'd imagine it stuck into one of my friends?"

"Hey, what do I know? You have wacky dreams, okay? You bring in Leck for crud's sake, I mean, come on. Who does that on purpose?"

"You're right. Good call."

"I got your six, Jayne. It's a big six, but I got it."

I tuned out the rest of his discussion about my big butt and focused on picturing the sword that I'd gotten an uncomfortably close look at just the other day, sticking out of my chest. It had a burnished gold or bronze handle with a couple of curled ends on it to keep the user's hand from sliding up to the blade. There were some jewels in a ring near the part that had rested near my skin - purple and red, black and silver. I smiled in memory, realizing they reminded me of the scales of the dragons trapped in Ben's tapestry.

A loud clanging sound rang out in the hallway. I opened my eyes in time to see Spike rushing to the door and opening it up.

The chain holding Moriah clanked as she rushed to follow him out, and then her roar of displeasure at being denied her goal filled my ears, making me squeeze my eyes shut. No way did I want to see that dripping, bubbling maw ever again. It was bad enough it was going to live on forever in my nightmares.

Spike peeked out and then looked back inside. "Check it out, Jayne. I think your weapon has arrived, special delivery."

I walked over cautiously and looked out under the arm he lifted for me. Sure enough ... the sword I'd pictured, the one that had pinned me to the earth, was lying on the floor outside the room, the jewels winking in the bit of light that spilled out of the prison chamber.

Spike opened the door farther for me, and I stepped out, bending over to grab it by its handle. It was surprisingly light, encased in a sheath with a belt and straps attached to it.

"Put it on," he whispered.

"Fuck no," I said, looking at him like he was nuts. "You put it on." I thrust it towards him.

"Beeeettterrr nooooot," sang Tim.

Spike took it from me and unbuckled the belt portion.

"Tim says you better not," I said, watching in sick fascination as he prepared to put it on.

"Why?" Spike asked, looking at both of us as he held the belt just behind his waist.

"Why, Tim?" I asked.

"How am I supposed to know? I'm just a simple pixie," he said, giggling and then farting once.

"His fart-o-meter is at stress level seven. I wouldn't do it if I were you," I warned.

"Hey! What have I told you about discussing my handicap?!" yelled Tim.

Spike hesitated only a moment before pulling the belt to his waist and buckling it up. He stood straighter when he was done and looked at me, a grin on his face. "How's it look?"

I nodded. "Pretty cool, actually." I smiled at how cute he was, standing there with his hair sticking out all over and now a sword at his side.

Spike frowned at me.

"What?"

"I told him not to doooo iiiiiit," sang Tim flying back into the room where Moriah waited.

"What? Spike ... talk to me."

"Get it off," he whispered, a desperate expression moving across his face. "Get it off!" he yelled. "Hurry! Now! Gaaaahh! Get it off!"

I scrambled to get to the buckle, having to bat his spasming hands out of the way before I could succeed in grabbing the leather and yanking back on it to release the metal part in the hole that was holding the thing to his body. As soon as it fell away, Spike leaned against the wall, slowly sliding down to land on his butt. He leaned over sideways and heaved onto the ground.

I dropped the sword to the rocky floor and knelt down at his side, touching his red and sweaty face, ignoring the grossness on the floor at his other side. "Dude, what the hell happened?"

"Sick," was all he could say, wiping his mouth off with the back of his sleeve. "Should've listened to the damn pixie."

I smiled. "If he asks you to put that in writing and sign it in blood, would you please tell him no?"

Spike nodded weakly. "Sure thing. Help me up, would ya?"

I braced myself and offered my arm and shoulder as support. Together we stood again and walked back into the room. I bent down and grabbed the sword on the way in.

Moriah was waiting, once again leaning up against the wall. Tim was as far from her as he could get, joining me at my shoulder when we got back to our former spot just out of her reach.

I dropped the sword to the ground and watched as she didn't take her eyes off it. Even when I spoke, she remained focused on the weapon at my feet. "So, I guess I own the sword now. Or, at least we know my friend Spike here doesn't own it."

"Only an idiot tries to wear or wield a demon sword without the right."

Spike raised his hand. "Put me in the idiot box. I deserve it. Shoulda listened to the pixie."

"Oh, my oh my, sweet music to my ears," said Tim, breathing hot breath on his nails. I twisted my head around in time to see him buffing them off on his tunic. "Some fae will never learn ... pixies are the superior race. So under-appreciated. So underestimated. But one day, one day ..."

"Give it a rest, Napoleon. We still need to make a deal with the devil here."

"No, we don't. Just use that other source you mentioned. Is it that vampire you have a crush on?"

"Shut up, I do not."

"You do not what?" asked Spike.

"Never mind. Tim's talking out of his butt right now." I turned my attention back to Moriah, who'd finally torn her gaze away from the sword. "So ... are you going to help us or not?"

"You have the only thing I want and are not willing to give it. Why should I help you?"

"To help pave the road to your next life in the Here and Now?"

She laughed. "Not everyone is as anxious to get back here as you might wish."

"I'll keep that in mind," I said, backing towards the door. "Okay, then. I guess we'll hopefully never see you around."

I was the last one out the door, and as I was shutting it behind me, I heard Moriah call out my name.

"Blackthorne!"

"Yeah?" I asked, poking just my head back in.

"Trust no one in the Underworld, least of all my brother."

I frowned. "Your brother? Who the hell is that?"

She raised an eyebrow. "The one you expect to be your passage-maker. Garrett. Am I right?"

My blood ran cold at her warning. "Uhhh ... thanks for the advice. I think."

"Maybe someday you can return the favor. Give me a good piece of advice when I might need one."

I tried to think of the trap that she might be forming with her words, but couldn't come up with anything, so I just said, "Sure. If you ever need a piece of advice and I can give it, I'll do that."

She smiled in what she probably meant to be a warm way, but all it did was make me want to vomit.

"Good enough. May the road rise up to meet you, Jayne Blackthorne."

"And may the fae get your sorry ass back to the Underworld where you belong before you hurt anyone else, Moriah Hawthorne."

I could still hear her laughter as I shut the door tight behind me, making sure the entire sword was out in the hallway first.

"What was she laughing about?" asked Spike, waiting for me down the hall.

"Nothing. I just told her a joke."

"I've got one, you want to hear it?" asked Tim.

"No. You're not funny."

"I am so funny," he insisted. "So a demon, an incubus, and an elemental walk into a bar ..."

I snatched Tim out of the air when his back was to me and held him close to my face. His eyes got as big as saucers, and he tried to struggle out of my grip.

"Are you suuuuure you waaaaant to teeeeellll that jooooooke, Tim?"

He wilted like a flower out of water. "Ewwww. No. Gah. Oxygen. Someone. Anyone. Help me. Saaaave meeeee ... " He remained flopped over to the side in my hand, eyes closed. After a few seconds he said, "What'd you have for breakfast? Anchovies?"

"I haven't eaten breakfast. Or dinner. Or anything for that matter." I looked at Spike. "Do you have any inside pull at the kitchens? Do you even know where they are?"

"Come on," he said, taking me by the hand. "I'll hook us up, and then we'll get the heck outta here. You think you can get us there ... to the Underworld?"

I nodded. "Yep. Just get me fed and to the meadow, and I'll take it from there." I reached my hand back and flung it out in front of me in a bowling motion, sending Tim screaming in part fear and part glee down the hallway in front of us. Pixie bowling. Sweet.

Spike smiled. "Will it be like the last time you took me realm traveling? If so, I need to go back to my room to get my crash helmet."

I snorted. "God, I sure hope not."

"What happened last time?" asked Tim, coming back to us in a not very straight flight path. "Willy wasn't able to tell us anything about that part. All he kept saying was that you took him on a boat and he floated all over the place." Tim flew in between us, backwards and a little out in front.

"Let's just say I lacked a little finesse," I said.

"Or you could say she threw us in the middle of a hurricane that dropped us off at Maggie's door with half the forest in our hair," clarified Spike.

"Yeah, or you could say that," I said, reaching up and tweaking his ear.

He grabbed me around the waist and squeezed me to him as we walked down the corridor. "You're not bad, Sparks, you know that?"

"If you say so," I said, smiling my head off, looking straight ahead, squeezing the sword in its scabbard with my other hand. I was afraid if I looked at him right now I'd go all goo-goo on him.

"Yeah. I do say so." He got to the door that was glowing up ahead and let me go, taking the handle and pulling. "Welcome to the fae compound kitchens."

CHAPTER NINETEEN

WE LEFT THE KITCHEN WITH a bunch of wrapped food and more water, ready to conquer the world. Or at least, the Underworld. Spike took us on a circuitous route he guaranteed would avoid any fae trying to look for us, and we arrived at the Infinity Meadow to the spot under my mom's tree in good enough time that I wasn't feeling totally anxious.

I sat down and crossed my legs. "Okay, so you guys can just relax. I've learned my lesson, I'm not going to do this without protection." I called out to The Green and transmitted a message. Keep us safe. Let no fae or demon or other creature get near us until I say we're ready. I pictured vines and grasses and branches trapping unsuspecting fae as they tried to approach, and hoped my visuals were enough to do the trick.

"What's the plan?" asked Spike, sitting down beside me. Tim buzzed around our heads.

"I'm going to reach out to Garrett. The Green is watching over us, but I can only do so much trying to get the idea of protection across, so keep a lookout."

"Gotcha." He rubbed my back. "We'll be here when you get back, and hopefully not with a demon poking at us."

"Good," I said, trying to block out the memories of being here not that long ago and stuck through with the sword that lay by my side right now. I closed my eyes, reaching into my mind, trying to find that dark place I had compelled Beau and Ben into. I could hear echoes of sounds - voices maybe - but no faces appeared. I called out to Garrett, telling him I needed him and that his sister said hello. That got me nothing but spooky sounds, so I quit doing it pretty quickly.

I peeked an eye open and saw Tim practicing his barrel rolls and Spike strumming an air guitar. I went back to my not-so-happy place and gave up with the calm and mature approach, yelling as loud as I could in my head. "Gaaarrrrett! Where in the hell are you?! Get in here now! I need passage to the Underworld!"

"Why hello, young Jayne. So very nice to see you again," said the smooth, cultured voice of the vampire I knew to be Garrett.

I spun around in the dark place of my mind, trying to figure out where his voice was coming from. "Lights on," I said out into the space, illuminating it enough that I could see the vague outline of my passage-maker on the outskirts.

"You know, it is not necessary to compel me; I would come willingly if you would only summon me."

I sighed heavily. "I've been trying that, but it wasn't working. I'm not even sure how I did this other than to lose my cool."

"In any case ... what may I do for you this good night?"

"You can take me and my friends to the Underworld. Oh, and your sister Moriah sends her hellos."

Garrett stepped closer to me, his face pinched up in a definite scowl.

"Did I say something wrong?" I asked, gauging his reaction closely.

"Merely that you have had contact with my sister. I find the concept disturbing, to be honest."

"Yeah, well, I found her sword in my chest to be pretty disturbing too, if you want to know the truth. But now that she doesn't have it anymore, I guess I don't have to worry about that little problem."

Garrett reached out as if to touch my arm. "You have ... you have her weapon? How can that be? It only goes to the one who defeats her." He frowned. "Is she ... gone?"

"Pfft. Please. As if I could kill a demon. No, I just took her sword away from her and made it so she couldn't get it back, that's all. Apparently, that's enough to earn the sword or whatever. I don't really want it, so if you want to take it you're welcome to it."

He shook his head. "I would not bring that bad energy onto my person for all the quid in the world."

"Squid? Is that some sort of weird trading thing in the Underworld? Seems like it'd make everyone kind of smelly."

"Not squid. Quid. It is money."

"Ohhhh, quid ... of course. Yeah. Me neither. I don't want it."

"No, you do want it," he argued. "Trust me, this you do want for yourself."

"Why?"

"Just ... trust me. In the Underworld, you will want this weapon, if the Underworld is indeed where you wish to go."

I nodded. "I do. And I want my friends to go with me. Can you guide us? Be our passage-maker or whatever?"

He nodded back at me. "Yes, I can. I believe I owe you at least that much."

I smiled, liking the idea of a vampire owing me a favor a lot. "Oh, yeah? How so? The yummy fresh blood I anteed up before?"

"That and giving me the opportunity to explain myself to Shayla. For that I will be eternally grateful, and I do not say this lightly. I have spent what felt like a large piece of eternity in a very dark place, and I never wish to return."

"I don't think your sister feels the same."

He scowled. "My sister has found her home, like many before her. You must be very careful when you enter, until the moment you are returned, and take heed of those truly deserving of the Underworld's gifts."

"She pretty much said the same thing about you. She said you're a liar. At least, I think that's what she was saying. She's not much of a talker."

He shook his head. "Demons. I never could abide them."

"But you're one."

"I never made a vocation of it. She has. And believe me ... she is quite good at it. Nevertheless, I shall help you, and even then will not consider my debt to you as yet paid."

"Good to know. I've got bank with a vampire."

He gave me a half bow.

"So, do you mind if I ask you one more question before we go?"

"As you wish."

"What exactly did you do all those years ago that pissed Shayla off? And what do you have to do with Ben Hawthorne?"

"You said one question."

"So shoot me. I'm asking two."

"Do you want the long version or the short one?"

"How long will the long version take?"

Garrett looked up for a few seconds and then back at me, saying, "Approximately four days. Give or take."

"Give me the reeeaal short version. Nutshell of a nutshell kind."

"Good enough. An eon or so ago, I loved a girl. A fae girl by the name of Shayla Blackthorne. She was a bright and shining star, pulling everyone to her with her energy and enthusiasm for life. I never thought she would notice me, but she did. We had a whirlwind affair and pledged ourselves to one another.

And then one day the demons came. We repelled them, but more came in their place. Eventually our world was being threatened in such a way that the councils had to make a very difficult decision. And so they did, choosing to close the portal from which the demons were escaping. And in so doing, they also had to close the other portal, to keep the balance in the universe from shifting.

I was drawn to dispatch the guardian at the portal to the Underworld and Shayla to the other. We did our jobs and ended up following the path we sent those guardians on ourselves. It was a just and fair end, meted out for an unjust and unfair condemnation of creatures who merely did what they had always been asked to do."

"Yeah, but what about that whole, you're-a-big-fat-liar-and-I'll-never-trust-you stuff that Shayla was all pissed about?"

"Oh, that."

I crossed my arms over my chest. "Yeah. That."

"A misunderstanding we have cleared the air about."

"Clear it for me, then, if it's all so all's-cool-that-ends-cool for you guys."

He sighed. "I do not want you to get the wrong impression."

"I already am," I nearly growled in frustration. "Time's a-wastin', Garrett. Tell me what you did."

"I may have allowed a certain fae, or demon, to possess me for a short period of time."

My eyes bugged out. "No! Who?"

Garrett acted all casual, flicking off some lint from his jacket sleeve. "No one of consequence."

"You need to tell me right now before I get that sword out and do something bad with it."

"You can keep it or not, it is not my concern."

"I mean to you, dummy."

"Oh. In that case, perhaps I shall tell you the name of my possessor."

"What a fabulous idea," I said sarcastically. "And sometime in the next few minutes if you can manage it."

"He is a fae you know. Or a demon. I do not even know what he is at this point."

"Do you have a name by any chance? Is it Leck?"

"Leck? No. His name is Torrence Silverthorne."

My head reeled with the implications. "Are you serious?! You let that snake into your head and body?! What are you, nuts?"

"No, merely willing to do whatever it took to gain entry into the Underworld to do what must be done. That is all. I did what I did because I had no choice, and as much harm as it caused my beloved, I would have to do it all over again if I were back there once more. It was the only way. Shayla knows that now."

"So what ... ? You let him get into your body, he let you into the Underworld ... what did he do while he was in your body? Why did it piss Shayla off so much?"

He swallowed with some effort. "Well, it appears that while Torrie was out and about in my form, he came upon a very amorous Shayla and ... well ... took advantage of the situation in a way I had not yet done."

My mouth dropped open and stayed that way.

"Now, do not look at me like that, young Jayne. I told you, I had no choice!"

"You let that demon ... be with Shayla?"

"I did not let him do anything of the sort!" Garrett yelled, now clearly distraught. "He took advantage of his situation and used his guile to get her to lay with him! And she became impregnated with his seed and gave birth to his child! I will forever regret my decision to trust and believe that fae, but what is done is done, and I cannot go back. Believe me, I have paid and paid dearly for my error in judgment."

He was fuming, but not at me. Clearly his past was torturing him right now, and I decided that I wasn't going to make it any worse. Not on purpose, at least. But I still had questions.

"So where's the kid now? The baby that Shayla had."

One of Garrett's arms was folded against his chest now, and he was resting his chin in the other hand that was bent up, staring at the ground. His hand left his face after a few seconds to wave around distractedly. "He is running amok in the Here and Now. Raising the dead. Following in his father's footsteps." Garrett blew out a disgusted breath.

My face went white, I knew it did. I could feel the blood draining out in a hurry. My heart slowed almost to a stop and then thumped super hard to catch up, rushing its beats to push the adrenaline through my system. "What's his name?" I asked in a strangled voice, almost afraid to hear the answer.

Garrett dropped his arms and looked up at me sharply. "Certainly you do not need me to tell you that. Have you not twisted the dagger enough for one night?"

"No! I'm not twisting any daggers ... I just want to be sure I know who is who. I'm not hip to all the family tree stuff around here."

Garrett sighed, running his hands through his hair and causing his bangs to fall back down in his face. "I apologize. I forget you are but a babe in the woods here."

"Yeah. So tell me."

"Ben Hawthorne is his name. Ben Hawthorne."

I fell back onto the ground, my head hitting something not very hard, but enough to make my ears ring anyway. I looked up and saw Garrett above me, a worried expression on his face.

"Jayne! Are you okay? You appear to have fainted dead away. Are you ill?"

"Yeah, I'm ill," I grunted out as I sat up, my head still spinning. "You just told me I made out with my f**king half-brother. Wouldn't you be a little ill?"

Garrett pursed his lips together. "Oh. I see how that might be a bit upsetting; although, technically speaking, he would be more like a very, very distant cousin. It's not uncommon for people to be bound or intimate with ancestors that distant and not even know it."

"Whatever. It's gross." I shook my head, trying to put everything together. There were too many pieces, and I couldn't get them all to connect. "So let me get this straight ... you traded bodies with Torrie. He came out, probably searching for Malena, since I heard he got sent to the Underworld by the Fates but he wasn't really supposed to be there. He shagged your girl, got her pregnant ... then what? You got your body back?"

"Yes. I slayed the dragon, ended up in the Underworld permanently, and got my body back."

"So how is it that Ben carries the Hawthorne dragon fang?"

"I suppose it's because I was still in Torrie's form when I killed the dragon. It surrendered the fang to me, as a Silverthorne, though I was and still am a Hawthorne. The possession blurs the lines of who is who or what."

"So Ben isn't a Hawthorne."

"He is. Part Hawthorne, part Silverthorne. In theory, he could carry the weapon as either heir, but he is not of pure blood."

"Well, this explains a lot. Like why Ben is such an ass all the time. He's part Torrie-demon."

"Torrie is not all bad, Jayne. You need to understand that. He is just very ambitious and determined."

I raised my eyebrows. "Wow. That's pretty generous considering what he did to you and your girl."

"Believe me ... I have had a thousand years to come to terms with what happened. It has lent me no small measure of perspective. Torrie was treated unfairly, and all because he was a passionate fae, deeply in love with someone who hurt him. Shayla was a force to be reckoned with. It was only natural that he would be drawn to her, in my body, in my mind, privy to all my thoughts. And it was only natural that she be drawn to him, thinking it was me."

I thought about Spike being possessed, and I could see where he was going with this. "But Torrie should have known better."

Garrett shrugged. "We are all imperfect beings, and we make mistakes we later regret. I believe he regrets this decision."

I snorted. "He seems to enjoy the whole demon thing."

"The lure is certainly there ... surrounded by violence every moment of every day, passing eons of time in the company of those who have made bad decisions the highlight of their lives as fae. For many, it is just easier to make the simple choice. The downhill slide rather than the uphill climb."

"And you say Shayla has forgiven you?"

"Yes. I know that she has."

"That's pretty big of her."

"Yes, well, there is the small matter of her having stabbed me in the heart with her dragon fang and ending my life in the Here and Now that makes her perhaps more forgiving than she might normally be."

"Whaaaat?" I asked, partially laughing. "She stabbed your sorry ass?"

"Yes. Quite so. It was not pleasant."

I laughed until my stomach hurt. "Well, good for her," I finally got out. "You totally deserved it."

"Yes. I agree."

I sighed. "So, what else do I need to know from you?"

"I do not know. But if my guess is right, I would say that you should be moving on soon."

"Why?" I asked, still smiling, picturing Shayla kicking his cheating ass to the curb with a nice stab to the heart. How poetic.

"Because your friends are in trouble in the Underworld and are in need of your assistance."

I reached out and grabbed Garrett's arm. "Why didn't you say so before?! Take me there! Me and my two friends."

He half bowed again. "As you wish. Send me out so I can meet you in the meadow."

I stepped forward without any preamble, yelling, "Ass!" as I made contact with his chest. As soon as I saw him fly out, I fell back myself with arms outstretched and my eyes closed, yelling, "Send me to the meadow!"

CHAPTER TWENTY

I WAS LYING IN THE grass, my head in Spike's lap, and he was looking down at me with a smile on his face. "Success?"

Before I could answer, Garrett appeared, walking towards us from a short distance away. "Are you ready?" he asked.

I stood, and Tim flew down and landed on my shoulder, holding onto my hair. "Ready, Captain!" he said, probably saluting.

"Ease up there, Sparky. Don't act so excited about going to hell, okay? It's just a little too creepy," I said, bending down to grab the sword from where it lay in the grass.

"Strap the sword on, Jayne. You will need it," said Garrett, staring at it with a funny expression on his face, as if it made him uncomfortable.

I put it on, disturbed to find that it fit so well and felt so natural there. Even though it was longer than my dragon fang, it didn't scrape the ground when I walked, and with the tie at my thigh, it didn't bang around like I had expected it to. Now I had a weapon on each leg, and when I realized a few seconds later that the new one wasn't making me sick like it had with Spike, I felt a tiny bit better about meeting up with any demons on our trip. Blackie might not pack much of a punch in that realm, but I was willing to bet this baby did.

"Follow me," said Garrett, moving back in the direction he'd come from.

"Where is he taking us?" whispered Spike, holding onto my hand as we walked through the dry grasses. Small sticks and leaves that had blown over from the forest crunched under our feet as we walked.

I felt anxious and protected and vulnerable all at the same time. Spike's familiar stride next to me made my heart spasm. He was so beautiful, inside and out. My mind flashed back to the day I saw him for the first time in Miami, his face aglow with happiness over having earned enough money to buy pizza and soda for all his friends. He was such a good person, and now a good fae. I really had won the lottery having him in my life.

I shook my head out of the romantic clouds it had wandered into and answered his question, focusing on putting one foot in front of the other. "I'm not sure exactly where he's taking us, other than to the Underworld."

Garrett spoke to us without looking back. "We will enter through the void. The entrance is just up ahead."

I tried not to be freaked out by how close it was to our compound door, but it was tough. This explained why I'd seen orcs in the area where I'd left Chase for the Dark Fae wrathe, Gus. The spot where I'd tied Chase to the tree wasn't far from here.

Garrett stopped in front of what looked in the dim light like a black tree. But then it blinked out of existence and was just part of the meadow again.

"What was that?" asked Spike, closing his hand tighter around mine. He didn't sound scared - just curious.

"That is the entrance to the void," I said, not feeling nearly as brave as Spike sounded. "The Gray. It's like a curtain that's got a rip in it. You went through it before, or at least your soul did. That demon that possessed you went back and forth through it."

"Freaky, man. The veil between the realms," he said in a reverent voice, taking a step towards it.

"It's like being in a womb and being born," whispered Tim. "We're in the birth canal right now."

"Gross, Tim!" I whisper-yelled. "Please! I do not need that visual right now, if you don't mind."

"What? I'm just saying ..."

I rolled my eyes, beginning to think that taking a baby pixie through the Overworld was going to seem like a picnic after this was over.

Garrett went first, stepping into the blackness and disappearing from view once he was fully through. I walked up next, reaching into the veil and feeling a cool hand close over mine. It didn't have claws attached to it, so I didn't fight back, hoping beyond hope that it was my vampire guide helping me in. I stepped into the cold blackness, trying to ignore the pieces and bits of unhappy whispers that I began to hear as soon as I was fully through.

"Whoa," said Tim from my shoulder, "this is not like being born and definitely not like coming out of the womb. More like falling into hell." He buried himself deeper into my hair.

"Yeah. Exactly," I said in a quiet voice.

I saw the veil move to the side a bit and caught flashes of the meadow beyond. Then Spike's arm and torso came through. "Peekaboo," he said, flashing me a grin before the rest of him was in. He was having way too much fun for my taste. It must have been his incubus nature making him feel stupidly invincible or something.

"Come ... follow me," said Garrett. "We need to press on. We cannot stay here for long."

"Why?" I asked, following as closely behind him as I could without actually being on his back.

"It is not safe here. We can be seen by any number of creatures I would rather not meet up with."

"Like, which ones?" I asked, my morbid curiosity winning out over the lure of blissful ignorance.

"I will not say because often just considering them will bring their energy to us. Just keep your senses sharp, and do not engage with any of the spirits around us. And there are many," he finished with a worried tone. "The natives are restless, as they say."

"As who says?" asked Tim.

"Shhhh," I said, knowing that last time we were traveling through the Gray, Tim hadn't been able to help but get involved with some spirit who tried to talk him into doing something that I knew would have pissed me off. "Remember last time you ended up in my bra for misbehaving? I'll do it again if I have to."

"Geez, alright already. No need to threaten me with the sweaty cle**age punishment. It's not like I'm a mass murderer or anything."

"My cle**age is not punishment for being a mass murderer, fool."

"Uh, Jayne?" asked Spike. "Are you engaging with a spirit? We're not supposed to do that, you know."

"No. I'm engaging with an annoying pixie who's just begging to ride the shoe right now."

"We are nearly there. If you could just manage to keep your voices down for a little bit farther ...," said Garrett.

I heard a noise and put my hand to my stomach, trying to figure out if it was my body making it. I was pretty hungry, even though we'd had a snack in the kitchen earlier.

Spike's hand came down on my shoulder, making me jump with fright. "Jesus, Spike! Ease up, dude." He dug his fingers in hard, making me flinch down to get away from it. "Holy crap, are you freakin' or what?"

The rumbly, growly sound came again, only this time I knew it wasn't my stomach because it came from behind me. I stopped walking, a shiver of fear going up my spine. "Spike," I said, my voice quavering, "please tell me that's your stomach rumbling."

And then there was a heavy breathing behind me that I knew for sure was not the respirations of my incubus friend. The claws that I suddenly realized were attached to the hand on my shoulder began to dig into my skin.

"Tim," I whispered, "fly the hell away!"

"What?" he asked. "I can't hear ya. Talk louder."

"Fly away!" I yelled, jerking my shoulder out of the monster's grasp, feeling my shirt and skin tear in the process. I feinted to the side, the only evasive maneuver that came to mind.

"Aaaack!" yelled Tim, his tiny weight disappearing from my neck. "Demon troll! Demon troll! Jayne ... the sword!"

I struggled to pull the weapon free of its scabbard. A roar and shuffling of feet told me the beast was coming for me, but it was too dark for me to see anything clearly. The whispers of restless spirits rose and turned into a chorus of unholy screeches, their enveloping quality making me think I was hearing them in my head. I tripped over my own feet and fell backwards onto my butt. "I can't! I can't get it out!" I yelled, my hands scrambling to get the weapon free as my mind tried to block out the horrible sounds of wailing and screaming.

Something grabbed my foot and started dragging me across the ground, deeper into the blackness, away from the direction I knew I should be going in to follow Garrett.

I gave up on the sword and pulled Blackie out, bending forward towards whatever was dragging me and swinging it like a club, making contact with something solid. Whatever it was, it grunted and roared, its grip loosening on my leg. With my sudden freedom, I scrambled over in the direction I thought I was supposed to go, like a crazy crab.

I thought I might be in the clear, when one of my arms buckled unexpectedly, and I fell to my side. I rolled over, trying to get back to my feet, the whole time the sounds of shuffling and growling mixed with the occasional roar and something that was almost juicy, making me think I probably wasn't going to survive this. I was blind and this thing lived in the dark. And it was hungry.

I used the precious seconds I had left before the thing got to me again to finally pull the sword free. The slick sound of the blade running along the inside of its holder was like music to my ears. And then when the gems in the handle lit up as I tightened my grip around it, showing me clearly the space around me, I nearly wept with relief ... about a half second before I cried out in terror. "Aaaahhhh! Holy f**k!"

It wasn't just one troll coming to dine on me, but three; and they were waaaay uglier than I had imagined them to be when they were just a clawed hand in the dark. They made Gorm the buggane look like a sure winner at the local beauty pageant, with their lumpy dark green skin, pointed brown teeth, saggy yellow eyes, oversized heads, huge nostrils, and hulking forms. The juicy sounds I'd heard were the slime globs that seemed to drop out of their mouths with regularity, hitting the floor for them to walk on.

The light from my weapon seemed to bother their eyes. They threw their arms up in front of their faces, advancing towards me with more hesitant steps.

"Stay back, trolls!" I yelled, moving the sword around a little experimentally. "I've got this ... demon blade made of ... demon metal, and I'm not afraid to use it!" The whole threat was a total lie, but hopefully they didn't have Maggie's truth-telling talents, even though I was pretty sure they shared the same hairdresser.

"Spike!" I yelled. "Where are you?!" I looked around, holding up the sword to light up the areas next to and behind me, not seeing him anywhere. I started to whimper at the idea of being lost in this horrible place all by myself. "Tim? Spike? Garrett? Where are you guys? Did you leave me?"

"Aaaaaahhhh!" I screamed involuntarily. One of the trolls had lunged for me when I was distracted, making me react like a total girly-girl. After I finished with my warrior's screech, I waved the sword at him like I'd seen Zorro do in a movie once. "Hee-yah!" I shouted, swishing and swashing, making the letter Z over and over in the air in front of me. "Take that you nasty-ass demon troll! Taste my bedazzled demon blade!" I nicked the closest one in the arm, making him roar with displeasure. Dark green goo came out of the wound, making me back away in disgust. "Oh, man, that is some nasty shit, mister troll," I grunted out in between more slashes. "I think you should go get that looked at."

It held its arm out in front of its stomach, looking shocked at the mess I'd made of it. Its friends didn't seem to care much or worry that they might suffer the same fate, though. They moved in together, making me wish I'd taken sword fighting training at some point in the compound. Nothing had prepared me for this shit.

I started waving that mofo around to beat the band. I thought my crazy Zs were something else before, but they were nothing compared to my shit now. Back and forth, up and down, figure eights and five pointed stars, not even a piece of lint was going to get through to me, let alone two, dark green, lumpy, ugly-ass troll assbags intent on eating me for dinner.

Something grabbed my ankle. "Aaaahhhh!" I yelled, bringing the sword down to chop off the hand that rested there. As the weapon moved downward in its deadly arc, my brain connected the fact that this hand on my foot was white, human - not troll - and had a tiny piece of a tattoo connected to the bit of wrist I could see just beyond the edge of its shirt sleeve.

I threw myself sideways to keep my blade from connecting, falling with a complete lack of grace and banging my own head with Blackie as I landed and made contact with the hard ground. The thunking it made was so hollow-sounding I was tempted to laugh at the idea that my head was as empty as a coconut. But the stinging pain and almost immediate dull throbbing that resulted from my self-ass-kicking, quickly erased the humor from my mind, leaving only anger and fear in its place.

"Uhhhnnn ... ," moaned Spike.

"Spike! Get through the veil! Follow Garrett!" I kicked him in the hand and arm a few times to get him moving. They were love-kicks, even though technically were probably going to leave bruises.

"Uhhnnnn ... ," came his pitiful answer. Something had clunked him, but good. I could see the top part of his body, and his head had a little blood coming from the side of it, above his ear.

"I'm here, Jayne! I'm here!" yelled Tim's tiny voice from somewhere behind Spike.

"Tell Garrett to get Spike out of here. Drag him if you have to!"

"What about you?" he asked, now buzzing near my face. He was in a panic, doing zig zags all over the place. He had his tiny dagger out and was holding it in front of him. If I hadn't seen him blind a demon with one before, I would have laughed at the thing being no bigger than the tiniest fingernail clipping; but I knew he'd risk himself to do that move all over again, and I didn't want that to happen - not when we were so close to getting out of this mess. I could sense the opening in the veil was near. We just had to get the hell away from these nasty beasts to get through it.

The trolls took one look at Tim and got all antsy again, their roars and lip smacking telling me that pixie was their favorite flavor of chips and dip. The measly bit of sword-waving I was doing from the ground was losing its effect. They advanced again, and I found myself kicking the heck out of Spike to get him to release my foot. Luckily, he had very little strength left in his hand, and let go after only a few more jabs from my moccasin.

"Aaack!" yelled Tim when he saw them coming, disappearing into the blackness again.

So much for my superhero, I guess. Finally free of Spike's grasp, I stood again, swaying with the dizziness I'd caused by braining myself. I thrust my blade out and swished and parried and toucheed and everything else I could think to do with a sword, eventually falling back on good old-fashioned stabbing and poking like I'd seen Moriah try to do to my bubble-shield before. I only knew that Tim's retreat had been successful at not just escape but also finding Garrett when Spike suddenly disappeared, dragged into the blackness. My moment of fright that he was being taken for something's dinner dissipated when I saw Garrett's white face coming from the dark behind me. "Jayne! Come now!" He was waving like crazy, gesturing for me to follow him.

I gave the trolls one last slash for good measure and dashed out of the area behind Garrett. I helped him lift Spike from the ground where he lay just a few feet away, the two of us dragging him to the door that I could see outlined in a dull, gray light just up ahead.

"Is that what I think it is?" I grunted out, barely able to manage Spike's dead weight while also keeping the sword at the ready.

"The door to the witch's abode? Yes." Garrett reached the door first and kicked it open, nearly launching Spike through the opening, surprising me with his strength. Tim was right behind him, and I was the caboose. I'd never been so happy about the idea of being in the Underworld as I was in the moment I stepped over the threshold of that door.

I turned back to watch Garrett come through, but he stopped in the doorway.

"Aren't you coming?" I asked, distractedly trying to put the sword back in its holder.

"No. My journey ends here. Best of luck to you, young Jayne."

"But ... how do I get to the dragons? And where are you going? And what about my friends who are in trouble?"

"Follow the smell of sulfur. You will find all that you seek. And as for me, well, I will be in the void, awaiting your return." He bowed once, and then closed the door behind us.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

WE SPENT THE FIRST HALF-hour of our journey in the Underworld getting Spike conscious again. He'd gotten clubbed by something, a troll fist or a weapon that one of them carried, but luckily the only side-effects seemed to be a headache and a lump by his ear. I helped him to his feet and waited until he stopped swaying before we began walking.

"Come on ... we'll take it slow until you feel more steady," I said, letting him use my shoulder as support. We moved away from the door in the void and further into what was the dark forest in the Here and Now. In the Underworld, it was the darker forest, since everything seemed to have that taint on it, even the meadows that should have been sunny, pretty places.

"Those trolls are lucky I didn't unleash on 'em," said Tim, flying just ahead of us, doing some acrobatics now and again. He turned to face us, now buzzing backwards. He held up his thumb and forefinger. "I was this close. I'm serious. But I had to hold back. The spirits in there get a little too excited over violence. I had to play it cool." He reached up to fix his already perfect hair, using a comb he'd pulled from his fanny-pack.

"Yeah, Tim. You played it cool, alright. Especially that part where you flew away screaming like a girl."

He shoved his comb back in his little bag, zipping it up angrily. "It was a war cry, Jayne. A war cry. But what do you know ... you're no warrior. Pfft." Tim turned around and flew up ahead, blazing the trail for us.

"Sorry about slowing us down so much," said Spike, trudging along, only wincing every once in a while now. "Troll got the jump on me, I guess. I never even saw it coming. Not cool."

"Yeah, I think they can see in the dark. That's the second time I've had one sneak up on me. Hopefully, when we go back through we can avoid them." I wondered if there was such a thing as troll-be-gone spray. Maybe Samantha could whip something up before we passed through again.

"Where are we going, exactly?" asked Spike about an hour later, now not leaning on me quite as heavily.

"Following our noses to the dragons. Garrett says Tony and them are in some kind of trouble." Even the idea of it made me feel a little sick, but I refused to dwell on the maybes. I was better off focusing my energy on finding them rather than letting myself burn out over the stress.

"Did he specify exactly what kind of trouble? My imagination's running a little wild with that one right now."

"No, he didn't. I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing. I kind of like the idea of not stressing until I have to. I think my blood pressure is already through the roof as it is."

"Yeah, I hear ya."

Tim came flying towards us from up ahead, his wings going so fast I couldn't even see them and his arms waving like he was fighting off a cloud of gnats. "Get off the path! Get off the path!" he said, whispering loudly, passing right by us and continuing off into the trees.

I grabbed Spike's hand without even thinking twice about it and dragged him into the forest with me, yanking him next to me behind a large evergreen. Spike blended pretty well with his black clothes, but I stuck out like a friggin light in a dark room with my white tunic. I made sure all of my body was tucked behind the tree before finally coming to rest, calming my breathing as much as possible.

"What's up?" Spike whispered right by my ear, tickling my neck in the process. Another time it might have been pleasant, but right now all it did was kick my fear up several notches.

I put my finger to my lips in a gesture of silence, and then pointed to the trail.

Spike nodded his understanding and moved to cover my body with his.

Within seconds of being hidden, we found out what had Tim so agitated. A group of orcs was walking down the path, headed in the direction we'd just been coming from, and at the front of their little party was Leck.

The orcs were grunting in their weird guttural language, but Leck was speaking English like they could understand him. "They should be coming through here at any time. The troll guard has passed the message that there are three in their party. I want your group to wait here by the entrance for them to appear. And as soon as you see them, take them under your control. Do not kill them, though. He stopped almost parallel to where we were hiding, turning to face the largest orc, the one following closest to him. "I hope I am being absolutely clear here, Bor. No killing. At least not the elemental. Anyone else she brings, you can eat. But not the elemental. Do you understand? No killing the elemental. You bring her to me. To me. Do you understand?"

Bor the orc grunted something that sounded more like he was hawking up a loogie, but Leck seemed to take it as a sign that everything was copacetic. "Good. I will leave you here, then. I must get back to the caves and see to our guests."

Leck pushed through the beasts and went back down the path, and the orcs advanced towards the entrance to the void.

We waited until they were all out of sight before stepping out from behind the tree. "That was really close," whispered Spike. "Too close."

"No shit," I agreed. "We need to not get eaten by orcs on this trip if we can manage."

Spike laughed bitterly. "Apparently, you're not on the menu, unlike Tim and me."

"Pfft. Do you honestly think those orcs have the brains to differentiate between an elemental and an incubus?"

He thought about it for a second before saying, "You have a point there. I guess none of us is safe."

"Yeah, and menu or not, I'm pretty sure Leck isn't sparing my life to invite me to a tea party. I've already been a guest of his before, and I really, really don't want to go through another brain-melting if I can help it."

"I don't blame you. Okay, so our mission then is to find our friends and a dragon and not get caught or eaten or brain-melted."

"Ten-four good buddy. I'm down with that," I said. I looked around the tops of the trees. "Now where did that pesky pixie go off to this time?"

"Never fear! Tim is here!" yelled a tiny voice from above our heads. "Wow, that was a close one. I was ready to unleash on that Leck guy. He so has it coming."

"You're right, he does; but I would appreciate it if you would keep your ... whatever ... leashed so we can stay a little incognito over here."

"Yeah," agreed Spike, "let's fly under the radar as long as possible."

We were back on the trail now, Tim flying out in advance to warn us about possible interceptors. I changed my mind about having him along. It was much better having a grown pixie with us than the baby. With every step I felt more confident that a brain-melting was not going to be in my future.

"What is that smell?" asked Spike, his nose scrunched up, his eyes scanning the space around us as he tried to locate the source.

"That's dragon-breath, and it means we're getting close."

"How come I don't remember smelling that around the other dragons?"

"I have no idea. Maybe it's brimstone. You know, the stuff in hell or whatever."

"I think brimstone is lava. Melted or burning stone. At least that's what a preacher told me once."

"I didn't know you were a churchy guy."

"I'm not. He was on the street near where I was playing one day. We just got to talking and ended up on the subject of fire and brimstone."

"Wow. I think I would have liked hanging out with you while you played on the streets."

He smiled. "I would have liked to have you there. You've got a decent voice - you could have been part of the act." He reached out and pulled me close, walking with his arm around me for a while.

I laughed softly for a second but then stopped. The idea of a simple life of playing guitar and singing for money was so far from my reality right now, it wasn't really that funny. Six months ago, living on the street and singing for change would have seemed so wild, so dangerous, so far-fetched ... and yet here I was strolling through hell with an incubus and a pixie, hunting down dragons and all manner of supernaturals I called friends. Holy quantum shift in perception. I didn't regret it though, even now, doing this. Life was meant to be lived to the fullest, and no one could call my life boring or pointless now.

Tim came towards us from the path. "We're getting near the place where the dragons live. I can smell them, and there are bones all over the place. Plus some huge piles of dragon doo that I'd rather not ever have to see again, thank you very much. I think I saw a whole dwarf in one of those piles." He fake-shuddered.

"Holy crap, Tim ... are you serious? What'd you tell me that for?" Now the visuals were dancing around in my head, torturing me with their nastiness.

"What'd he say?" asked Spike.

"You don't want to know."

"Maybe I do. Tell me. You never know."

I huffed out a breath. "Fine. There's a big pile of dragon shit up there with a dwarf in it."

Spike's face screwed up in such a mess of disgust I had to laugh.

"I told you that you didn't want to know."

"Dude!" Spike said, aghast. "That is just ... that's just ... wrong, man. Really, really wrong."

"The visuals, right? They're killing you right now? Me too. Fucking pixies."

"Dude's not right." Spike was shaking his head.

We were coming up to a wider section of the path up ahead. Small trees and bushes had been flattened, as if some large machine had come in and just mowed them down.

"Dragon hangout," said Spike, gesturing at the destruction.

I nodded.

"Dragon doo on your right!" yelled Tim, a little too much delight in his voice.

I tried not to look. I really did. But my head dragged my eyes over there, and then I just stared in fascination at the mess before me.

"Damn," said Spike, after following my gaze and stopping once he'd seen the pile. "Dragons sure eat a lot."

I started laughing and couldn't stop. It was too surreal. We were hunting dragons and finding them by their scat, just like the guys on Animal Planet did in those shows Tony and I used to watch. But no pile of crap had ever been this big.

"There is a dwarf in that one," said Spike, his voice full of a mixture of fascination and disgust.

I shoved him hard. "Stop looking, stupid!"

Spike shook his head and looked away. "Yeah. Right. Sorry."

Tim came back to land on my shoulder. "There's a large entrance into the side of the hill up ahead. I recommend we do not go in there."

I looked up at the face of rock in front of us. "This isn't a hill, Tim. It's a mountain."

"No, not really. Most of the cave is underground from what I can tell. This is just a big rock here that doesn't continue up. It kind of just drops off on the other side."

I nodded absently, wondering what kind of nasties lived under the ground in the Underworld. Whatever they were, I didn't want to know, and I didn't want to see them.

We picked our way carefully through the dragon crap and bones and other disgusting things that marked the entrance of the dragons' home, reaching the edge of the cave and stopping at its entrance.

"Now where?" I whispered, looking to Spike and Tim for direction.

"You stay here. I'll go ahead and check things out," said Tim, leaving us and advancing into the darkness.

"What's he doing?" whispered Spike, the echoes of its soft hissing bouncing around in front of us. There seemed to be some sort of large opening just inside where we were standing, but it was impossible to see without any decent light coming in from outside. The Underworld was like London on its rainiest day, gray and soggy and depressing. I'd seen a day like that in a British movie once and had never forgotten it. To live in it for ten thousand years or more? Pure torture. No wonder Moriah liked stabbing things for fun. I might too if I were stuck here, just to have a distraction from how awful this place was.

Tim was taking forever to get back. "Where is that little shit?" I said. "He should have been back by now."

"What's he doing?" asked Spike. "Getting a whole map of the place?"

I was getting a really bad feeling. "No. I think something's happened to him. He'd never stay gone this long. Come on. We have to go find him."

Spike grabbed my arm to keep me from going where I was headed. "Wait. Maybe we should find another way in."

"Why? This is good enough."

"Yeah ... except our friends are in trouble and now Tim maybe, too. I think it's fair to say that they probably came through this entrance too, since it's so big and obvious."

I stopped pushing against his arm. "You think there's another way in?"

"If I were a dragon I wouldn't want to be stuck in a place that only had one way in and one way out."

"You've got a point there. It's not good strategy in the Underworld to be stuck like that, probably."

"Come on." Spike took me by the hand and pulled me from the entrance, leading me around the side of the hill. We reached a spot that looked like a turning point in the mound that the dragon lair was inside, but the ground started dropping off steeply. To keep following what looked like the contours of the cave, we had to go uphill now, or diagonal. We were walking with one leg much higher than the other, which was not only awkward but uncomfortable, too.

"What the hell is up with this cave?" I asked. "I thought Tim said it wasn't a mountain."

Spike looked up to our right as we struggled along. "I don't think he's wrong, but it definitely seems like this cave or whatever is bigger than it looked from that other side."

The wind picked up, whistling eerily through the trees, the cool air pushing my sticky hair off my sweaty face. It might have felt nice if it hadn't had the stink of dragon breath on it and carried the sound of unhappy souls.

"Man, oh man, is that creepy," said Spike under his breath.

I could see a lighter gray area ahead, so I picked up the pace a little, anxious to be out of this dark forest that had at least a few orcs that I knew of wandering around in it.

When we finally reached the source of the light, my heart plummeted.

"Wow. That's quite a drop," said Spike, walking up to the edge of the hill that was so steep it probably should have been called a cliff. "How far down do you think it goes?"

"Far enough to kill us if we fall down it? I don't know." I grabbed his shirt and pulled him away from the edge. "Come on. Let's go back."

"We can't go back, we're here now," said Spike, looking at me like I was crazy.

"Here where? This is nowhere! The edge of the Underworld! Look!" I gestured towards the pit that went on forever or far enough that I knew I wanted nothing to do with it.

"Yeah, but here's where we need to go in." Spike had his hands on his hips now and was looking as determined as I'd ever seen him.

I shook my head. "Are we dealing with another mesmerizing? Demon possession? Witch's spell? Because I'm not following."

"Look," said Spike, pointing off to our right, to the face of the cliff that was the back side of the dragon cave's hill. Tim was right. The side that we were was merely a hill. This side was the edge of a cliff, as if a huge mountain had been here and a giant knife had come in and cut three quarters of it away, leaving a jagged but mostly flat face behind. And up near the top of it, was a big, black hole.

"That's a cave. That's where the dragons are going in and out. We were standing at their back door before."

"Their toilet," I said.

"Yeah. Essentially."

"Great. So your plan is to what ... ? Sprout wings and fly up there together?" I threw my hands out, letting them fall down and slap my thighs. "Fine. Go for it. Text me when you're done. Oh wait ... that's right ... we don't have wings or cell phones!"

"Cranky?" he asked me, a smile notching the sexy up about ten levels.

"Shut up. I'm being serious."

"No, you're being sarcastic. I'm the one being serious. Come on, just follow me."

He took me by the hand and pulled me towards the spot where the trees stopped and the rock started.

"This is a bad idea. A seriously bad idea," I complained on the way. "We have no climbing gear, none of those hook things, no ropes ... we're going to fall and become fae pancakes."

"We don't need it. Come on, you'll see." He kept walking, waiting patiently for me as I stepped over bigger and bigger rocks, trying not to sprain my ankle in the process.

We reached the spot where we were on solid rock, and I could finally see why Spike thought it might be possible to go this way.

"See?" he said, gesturing proudly to the chunks of rock sticking out all over the place, that he apparently thought would be sufficient hand and footholds to get us from here to the cave a hundred yards away.

"You must be high on some seriously bad drugs to think that I'm going to climb the side of this cliff to get over there." I turned around. "No thanks. I risk the doo-doo."

He grabbed the sleeve of my tunic and pulled me back. "No, you're not. Come on. We're going this way. They'll never expect to see us out here, so we'll be totally safe."

"Yeah!" I said, in full freak-out mode now. "Except for that little issue of being on the side of a cliff a mile or ten above the ground!"

"It's not a cliff, it's just a very steep hill. See?" he said, going over and starting the journey, "you can lay on the side of it and hang on like this." He put his feet on the nearest small ledge and laid his torso on the rock's face, grasping onto some small outcroppings.

I watched as he sidestepped to the next spot, lying against the rock the whole time.

"See? I'm not even standing up. You've got at least a twenty degree angle towards the hill here, maybe more."

"Cliff. It's a cliff, Spike. Not a hill." I was still complaining, but my feet propelled me forward. I was scared to death, but he was making enough sense that I couldn't argue with him too much without sounding like a big baby. "If I fall, you're going to have to explain to Tony how you forced me to do this. You'll probably end up in the Underworld as punishment."

"Good. Then I'll go down and find your bones and collect them to put in my vampire house."

I grabbed the first set of handholds and walked onto the small ledge Spike was using. "That's just wrong, Spike. Morbid and wrong."

"What can I say? I like the medieval look."

"You and Ben," I said, thinking about his furniture, which was doing a good job of getting my mind off the fact that I was now ten feet out onto this cliff face and not going back.

"He likes the medieval look too?"

"You've seen his room, right? Heavy, vampirey furniture, tapestry with the dragons in it."

"I heard about that tapestry and stuff, after you got all wasted with it. What's the deal with that thing, anyway?"

My cheek scraped along the sharp rock, but I didn't care. At least I knew I was close to it and not falling back. I slid my left foot along and then my right, following Spike. We were one quarter of the way there, now.

"I don't know, actually," I said breathlessly, a little panicked still about falling even though the going had been fairly easy so far. "He said they were trapped there to keep the wrong people from getting control over them or something, but I don't know. When we were in the Overworld, he seemed to be riding around on that dragon without any problems. I don't know if the tapestry needs to come down, get folded up, burned, cut ... whatever. And I don't know how he ended up with it, either. Maybe it's just there to communicate with them."

"Yeah, why him and not some other fae?" asked Spike.

His foot slipped, sending a bunch of small rocks cascading down the cliff. I screamed, thinking for a second he was going to go too.

"I'm fine, I'm fine," said Spike, trying to reassure me, but his voice was too shaky for me to believe him.

"Just stop talking and focus on where you put your feet," I said, sounding more angry than I really was. "We're halfway there." I breathed in and out a few times before taking my next step, trying to calm my racing heart.

As I prepared to move my foot, the sound of a roar came from off in the distance. My pulse, that I'd finally gotten some measure of control over, started going nuts again, my adrenaline coming out and making me shake like crazy.

"What was that?" asked Spike in a quiet voice.

"That was The Dark of Blackthorn," I said as quietly as I could and still be heard over the wind that was whipping around us. "I'll never forget that sound as long as I live."

"Come on ... hurry up," urged Spike, now shuffling to the side in double-time.

I tried to keep up, but I was too afraid to take the huge steps that Spike was, my legs much shorter. The distance between us increased until he was nearly to the opening, and I still had a quarter of the way to go.

The roar came again, only this time closer. I looked off in the direction it was coming from but could see nothing but gray skies and mist. Holy shit, holy shit, holy shit, I'm gonna get fried, was all I could think as I shuffled left, left, and left again. My whole body trembled with fright and nervous anticipation of the appearance of a beast I'd laughed in the face of while waving its tooth at it. Stupid, stupid, stupid jerk. Why did you do that? Why did you have to taunt the dragon?

Spike's yell of distress nearly startled me off the cliff. My hands that had started to let go in the shock of it immediately clamped back down as the feeling of momentary weightlessness hit me, my body going from leaning forward to almost tipping back.

"Fuck!" I yelled, gripping onto the small rock bumps with my hands as tight as I could, hugging that cliff for all I was worth. I turned my head to face Spike, scraping my nose in the process, but too afraid to back it up out of the way.

The sight that greeted my panicked eyes nearly made me swoon. Spike was hanging onto the cliff with one hand and one foot, the other two limbs dangling out in the thin air with nothing to grab onto. He swung out like a door, his attached foot and hand its hinges. And off in the distance, on the opposite side of the cave's entrance, I could see a black speck in the sky. The Dark! He's here! A huge plume of orange flames shot out from that black speck, confirming that it was a dragon on the way, and he was all fired-up.

I had another ten feet to go before I was near enough to Spike to help him. His screams had turned to a combination of whimpering, laughter, and yelping.

"Just chill, Spike! I'm on my way! Just hang on!"

"Better hurry! I'm losing my grip!" he grunted, his free hand grasping around when it swung towards the cliff, trying to find something to get hold of. The wind was a problem, pushing him off of it.

Go, go, go, left, right, left, right. Find something to grab. There! Got it! Now go again! Left, right, left! I coached myself over the last few feet, closing the distance between us in record time, now more worried about keeping Spike from falling than falling myself. As soon as I got to Spike's side, I pushed my hand into the middle of his back, trying to force his body up against the cliff face.

Slowly but surely he angled in, and with the leverage I was giving him, he was finally able to find and grab a piece of rock sticking out. He rested his face on the side, looking away from me for a few seconds before building up the strength or courage to turn his head and face me. He was as white as a sheet and sweat covered his forehead and temples.

"You saved my life, Jayne."

"Not yet I haven't. The dragon is coming."

Spike's eyes bugged out. "How close?" he whispered in a high voice.

"Too close. Move your ass."

Spike took a deep breath and turned back in the direction of the cave. He took a shaky step to the left, sliding his body across the rock not letting even a single wisp of air between him and the thing keeping him tied to the land of the living.

I followed as close behind him as possible, avoiding the spot that had sent him almost to his death, and the two of us finally made it to a place where he could climb up into the entrance and reach down to get me.

Another roar and explosion of fire split the air.

Spike looked over his shoulder briefly before turning back to me, grabbing me by the armpits, and lifting me clear of the edge. I landed on his chest as he fell back.

I scrambled to get off of him, beginning my sprint into the entrance practically on my hands and knees. My sword scraped across the ground until I was on my feet, leaving drag-marks through the fine dirt and rocks that littered the ground of the dragon's lair.

Spike got up onto his feet and grabbed my hand, pulling me with him deeper into the entrance. We had only seconds before The Dark would make his appearance, and we had to find a place to hide, somewhere where Spike wouldn't get his face fried off by a pissed off dragon.

At the back of the large entrance cavern the cave split in two directions, one left and one right.

"Which one?" I whisper-yelled, coming to a skidding halt.

"I don't know. You pick." Spike was breathing heavily, his grip on my hand cutting off my circulation. I didn't mind, though. I liked the strong reminder that he was by my side and I was still alive enough to feel pain.

I lifted my nose and inhaled in both directions. "This one," I said, pointing to the left. "Less sulfur."

Spike nodded and took off running again, dragging me with him. I almost tripped several times, but he always spun around in time to catch me and set me back straight before I bit the dust. By the time I heard the roar of the dragon and a blast of heat at our back, we were well away from the entrance. We kept going, the eerie light inside this cave much like the one in the Overworld - only this one had a red cast and not an amber one.

We slowed down as we got deeper inside, moving to the walls instead of jogging down the center. We dropped our speed down to a walk for a few minutes and then just stopped, both of us tucking ourselves into a large crevice where we tried to catch our breath outside the view of anyone who might be coming down the tunnel in front of or behind us.

Spike reached over and petted my hair, stroking my head for a little while before pulling me into a huge hug. He wrapped both arms around me and just held me like that for a long time. I allowed myself to melt into him a little, now that we'd escaped what felt like the worst of the danger, and had found, at least temporarily, a safe place to hide.

He stroked my back as he whispered in my neck. "We made it. You and me together."

"Yeah. We did," I whispered back, letting his words warm my heart.

"I want it to always be like this." His warm breath touched my face, intimate, smelling sweetly of Spike. "You and me. Facing whatever we need to face. Doing what we need to do. Helping each other. Saving each other if necessary."

I thought about what I was going to say just before the words came out of my mouth, and realized as I heard them that they represented as true a feeling as I'd ever had. "I want that too, Spike. With you. Exactly like you said."

He leaned down and kissed my neck. "Why does you facing danger and kicking ass make me want to get you naked?"

I smiled, giggling a little as quietly as I could. "I have no idea. You're an adrenaline junky maybe?" The idea of him wanting to get me naked made me feel funny in a good way - almost like I could fly, just like that big nasty dragon that was just down the hall from us.

The thoughts of The Dark were like a cold shower. I pulled back from Spike, leaning in and up on tiptoes to kiss him quickly on the mouth so he wouldn't think I was rejecting him. "Come on. We have to get going."

Spike increased his grip on me. "What's the plan?"

"We need to find the others, make the deal with the dragon - not the black one but the red one - and then we need to get the hell out of here without running into Leck or any of his friends."

Spike nodded and gave me one more super-hug before letting me go, taking my clammy hand in his warm one. He stepped out of our hiding spot, following the direction of the tunnel, getting deeper and deeper into the bowels of the dragon's lair.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

WE WALKED FOR WHAT SEEMED like hours, occasionally hiding in one of the many crevices or behind piles of rocks to avoid the small bands of orcs and other various demons that roamed the tunnel of the dragon lair. Small branching tunnels led off left and right, but we stayed to the main one, afraid we'd get lost going any other direction. Eventually, noises led us to what was probably some sort of dining hall or meeting room. The sounds of a large gathering and the clattering of chairs or possibly metal plates echoed out into the tunnel.

We stepped into a nearby crack in the wall and put together our plan.

"I'm going to scout ahead and then come back and tell you what I see," said Spike. "You wait here."

"How come you're doing the scouting? Maybe I should be the scout."

"Can you bite an orc if it grabs you?"

"Probably. But will I ... that's the question."

"Right. Well, I will. I'll rip its throat out if I have to."

"I have a sword, though."

"Good. Keep it handy. You may have to come rescue me."

I sighed at his complete lack of logic. "Fine. Whatever. Don't get caught or eaten, or I'll never forgive you."

"I'll do my best." He leaned down to kiss me, lingering a little longer than necessary and warming me to my toes in the process. And then he was gone.

I had a few minutes to contemplate the ridiculousness of falling in love and snogging, as Tim liked to call it, in a dragon's cave in the Underworld. I was nothing if not consistent with my complete lack of appropriateness during most occasions. Spike returned before I could start regretting any of the kisses we'd shared.

"What'd you see?" I asked, anxious about the dangers we might face.

"It's a big room, filled with cages."

"Cages? Like ... what for? Like a jail? A zoo? What?"

"Maybe a little bit of both," said Spike, mysteriously.

"Seriously? Come on. Who's in the cages?"

"I couldn't see all of them. There are lots. Come on," he said, tugging my sleeve before leaving the safety of our hiding spot.

I caught up to walk next to him. "Are there any guards?" I whispered.

Spike held his finger up to his lips, signaling me to be quiet. I frowned, frustrated with his complete lack of scouting skills. Robin of the Green had told me at a minimum a scout should come back with locations of entrances and exits, estimates of firepower, and positions of threats and guards. I knew I should have gone to look. Stupid cube-eyes.

We reached a huge arch cut into the rock, a large, thick wooden door made to cover it standing wide open. We passed through and made our way inside the huge room beyond. It had a really high ceiling, and the entire surface of the floor was covered in cages made of thick iron or other black metal, the bars of most of them as big around as toilet paper rolls and close enough together that no regular-sized fae could fit through. There were some smaller cages interspersed in the mess, with smaller bars fitted closer together. It was in one of these that we eventually found Tim. His cage was sitting on top of the one holding most of our friends.

Spike and I made our way across the room, occasionally hiding behind a cage's occupant while a guard walked by. Most of the caged beings were asleep - or maybe dead, it was hard to tell in this light - and none of them made a sound when we came by. The ones who were awake watched us though, their heads moving slowly left to right as we passed by. It was creepy, not knowing if they were supporting our efforts or waiting until the perfect moment to raise a ruckus and get us trapped too.

"She's here! She's here!" yelled Tim. "I told you she'd come. I taught her everything she knows! My best student!"

I ignored Tim in favor of counting heads. My eyes scanned the group of our friends who'd all stood to greet us, noticing right away that there were two people missing. Samantha and Tony! Oh no, not Tony! I rushed up to the bars and grabbed onto them, pushing my face inside. "Jared," I whispered. "Where are the others?"

Jared came over, looking left and right to check for guards and said quickly, "Tony's in the Gray waiting to take us back. Malena took Samantha."

I wanted to growl and nearly did, but Jared grabbed my hand. "They're coming! Hide!"

Spike was already on the move, taking my hand and pulling me in between our friends' cage and another one nearby. Jared, Finn, and Niles all went and stood in front of where we were crouched down, blocking the guards' view of us from the walkway.

I peeked between Jared's legs. The orcs who each held clubs in their hands stopped in front of the cage, gesturing to the fae inside and grunting in their language. After a few moments of what sounded like arguing, they moved on. Jared dropped down on one knee along with Finn so they could talk to us without us having to move. Niles stayed put, already at the perfect height to join the conversation.

"How'd you get in without getting caught?" asked Jared.

"We came in the front door," said Spike, flashing his pearly whites.

"Good move. We got suckered into the easy way in and got busted not twenty feet inside."

That would have been us if I hadn't listened to Spike. I reached out and gave him a fist bump for being awesome.

"How can we get you out of here?" I asked. "Where's the key?"

"We ain't seen it," said Finn. "By the way, it's great to see you, girl. I hope they don't catch you too. I think we're gonna be the dragon's dinner in here."

"Not if I can help it you aren't." I looked at Spike. "What do you think?"

"I think we need to follow the guards and find out where they're keeping the keys, and then take them off their hands." The red in his eyes swirled a little, blending a bit too perfectly with the red glow in the room.

"They all seem to be coming from that direction," said Niles in his gruff voice. It was softer now than I remember it being before. "I'd bet a box of tokens that they have some sort of quarters over there or a guard station, and that'll be where the keys are kept - easy access for all the guards but out of the sightline of the captives."

Jared nodded. "I agree. That's the most likely scenario."

Spike looked at me, putting his hand on my neck. "You ready to do this?"

"Hell yes, I am." I put my hand over Spike's for a moment before pulling it away from my neck and holding it down at my waist. "Okay, we're going to head off in that direction. If you guys could give us a few minutes and then maybe cause a bit of a fuss or something. Make some noise. Maybe that'll draw them away from their station or whatever and leave the keys out in the open."

"Good plan. I can see not all of our training was wasted on you," said Niles.

I smiled at his backhanded compliment. "What can I say? Some of the trainers at the compound knew what they were talking about." I stood before he had time to noodle through the fact that it wasn't he who'd taught me this stuff, but Robin. Jared's wink and Finn's snicker told me they'd figured it out, though, and my step was already lighter knowing I'd gotten one over on the crusty old dwarf.

Spike and I retraced the path of the guards who had recently passed by. Some of the fae and demons in the cages made noises as we went by, but none of them the sounds that would alert the orcs that we were coming. I tried not to make eye contact with any of them, but it was tough. All of them were condemned to die as a dragon meal, and all I could think about was that giant pile of poo outside. I did not want to go out of this realm in poo. It was just too undignified, even for me. I told myself after I got my friends out, I was going to let those beasts take the keys and free themselves, too. Let the dragons catch their food like everyone else. I deliberately ignored the fact that most of these dinners were probably evil creatures who deserved to be here and maybe even deserved to be meals for smelly serpents. I was no judge and certainly no jury. I'd let destiny and chance figure it all out for us.

The room wasn't as big as it seemed, most of the volume taken up by the very high ceiling. In no time, we reached the edge of the room that had a doorway leading into another smaller room. Spike and I stepped behind the last stack of cages, peering through the bars at the place where we thought the keys might be. Spike motioned for us to get closer to the room, but I shook my head no. There was nothing to hide behind, and it was too risky to stand out by the entrance to the room with no cover. Guards could come out or in at any time, and we'd have nowhere to go.

A bunch of yelling and banging came from behind us, the distinct sound of redneck hoots and hollers telling me it was the distraction we'd asked for. Four orcs came running out of the room, the last one pausing in the entrance to grab a heavy ring of keys that were hooked just inside the door. He took off behind his cohorts, his leathery feet slapping on the stone, the sound fading as he got farther away.

I grabbed Spike's arm, and he nodded, showing he'd seen it too.

"What do we do now?" I asked. "They took the damn keys with them!"

"Ambush," said Spike, sneaking out from behind the cage, jogging over as quietly as he could to the guards' room. I was a few feet behind him, and then alone for a moment as he disappeared inside.

"Psst!" came a whisper behind me.

I spun around, half expecting someone to be standing there ready to bite my head off at the shoulders.

"Elemental! Over here!" came the voice, three cages down.

I warred with myself. Part of me wanted to follow Spike, needed to follow him in there to save our friends. But the other part of me wanted to know what Underworld creature was calling out to me in this place - one who knew who I was.

I crept over to the source of the voice, finding a demon standing alone in the cage. Something about him looked familiar. I stopped in front of him, eyeing him up and down. "Do I know you?" I whispered.

"I am the demon who was once known to you as Spike. I possessed his body and mind."

Suddenly, I remembered where I'd seen him before. "Holy crap ... what are you doing here? I thought you were in the Here and Now."

"I returned. It is the natural Order of Things. I want my opportunity to come back in the correct way."

I looked around the room. "But why are you here?"

"I was selected."

"Who does the selecting? That doesn't seem fair."

"The guardian does. We have no choice. It is part of our penance."

"Do you mean the dragon chooses? And what penance? What did you do?"

"Yes, the dragons. There are two of them. And many of the demons in this realm were responsible for the uprising and the deceit that eventually led to the closing of the portals and the condemnation of the guardians to this realm. It is only just that we pay the price."

"Yeah, but for how long? I mean, that was like a thousand years ago."

"Much longer in this realm."

"Yeah. A lot longer. Isn't it time to be forgiven?"

"There is rarely forgiveness in the Underworld, and never from the guardians."

"Well, I'm going to get you out of here if I can. What's your name?" He could have taken all of Spike, even his soul, but he'd spared him because of Spike's love for me. Shoot, if it weren't for him, I probably never would have known Spike's true feelings for me, and I would have continued to blow him off forever, thinking he was just messing around with me. This demon guy was like our fairy godmother or something.

"When I was fae, I was known as Lars."

"Well, then Lars, I'll see you soon, I hope. No promises, but I'll try."

"Do as you wish and as you will. I am ready to meet my fate as I have done many times in the last eon."

I was about to walk away but his last comment made me stop. "What do you mean? You keep being punished?"

"Of course."

"By being eaten?"

"That and other manner of punishments."

"How many times have you been eaten by a dragon?"

"I lost count at fifteen. There was no point in keeping track anymore. I appear to be one of their favorites." He smiled without humor, and his sharp teeth only made it look more gruesome than it already was.

"Dude, you need to move to another part of the realm ... a different hood or whatever," I said, shaking my head at him.

"With the greatest trials come the greatest rewards. I stay and suffer so that someday I might suffer in another realm."

"Wow. Depressing."

"On the contrary. To suffer is to live. I cherish the idea of doing it with faekind once again."

"Whatever, dude. I'm definitely coming back here to let you out. You need an intervention or something." I shook my head, walking away, wondering what had given this crazy demon the idea that suffering was what we needed to enjoy life. Nuts.

The sounds across the room had died down, so I raced over to the entrance of the guard room to join Spike before the orcs got back. I stepped inside, seeing nothing much more than a couple tables, some chairs and another tunnel on the other side of the room.

"Spike?" I called out.

"Shhh! Over here!" His arm came out of the tunnel and waved me over. I was going to join him when I heard sounds coming from out in the main room. I had no time to join him without being seen, so I side-stepped and plastered my back against the wall, just inside the door. I quickly grabbed my sword and pulled it from its holder, yanking Blackie from its sheath.

A deep breath in and out readied me for the massive clubbing and stabbing-fest I saw in my near future. Spike was standing inside the next tunnel gesturing like crazy for me to come to him, but there was nothing I could do. He didn't know they were coming and that they were almost there. If I moved from my hiding place they'd see me for sure. At least this way I had a split-second chance to take one or two of them out before they knew what hit them.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

THE SOUND OF THE ORCS' footsteps came into the room. I lifted Blackie up high and waited, the sword held lower and slightly pointed out. I squeezed the grip of it over and over, the muscle in my forearm getting pumped and ready.

As soon as the first figure came through the opening I slammed Blackie down as hard as I could.

Unlike my head, this orcs's noggin wasn't hollow like a coconut. The sound my weapon made was more like that of a small stick hitting a three hundred year old oak - solid wood, all the way through.

My dragon fang bounced off and vibrated so much it zapped my fingers, causing me to drop it. And now I had one very pissed off and three other confused orcs in front of me to deal with. All four of them began to roar and babble in orcan, throwing their arms up and weapons out, appearing momentarily freaked out about not knowing what the hell was going on.

I wasted no time in pressing my advantage. I ran the first orc through the gut with my sword, a little happy and a lot disgusted at how easily the blade went into his thick hide. I pulled it out quickly and lifted it up to slice at his neck, stepping to the side to avoid the spurt of thick black blood that came pouring out of his disgusting body. He fell to the floor on his knees, his eyes rolling up into his head, leaving his three friends behind him with a clear view of their enemy. Me.

A part of my brain registered the fact that the orc I'd just dropped was the one with the keys to the cages. I heard the metal clank on the floor as his body went down the rest of the way.

I had hoped to be able to dispatch the guards one at a time, but they weren't as stupid as they looked. They rushed me all at once, and my only strategy at that point became to not get caught. I backed up, slicing and dicing the air in front of me, keeping the rock wall to my back. If I let them get behind me I was a goner.

One of them a little bolder than the others came at me with his club raised, apparently planning to be a hero and brain me to save them all the trouble of getting knifed. I meant to slice the arm holding the club to make it less of a threat, but I either didn't know my strength very well or the blade was sharper than I realized, because instead of slicing him, I did far worse. I watched in horror as the club fell to the ground with the orc's clawed hand still attached to it, while the rest of him stayed standing.

His roar of pain and anger filled the room and hurt my ears. The rest of his arm went flying up towards his face, spraying black acid blood out around us like it was a garden hose filled with tar, the spigot turned to fully open. I backed away so fast, I didn't have time to look where I was going and I ran into the wall behind me, banging my head really hard. I saw stars and had to shake myself to be able to see clearly again.

In my moment of semi-consciousness, another of the orcs decided to try and immobilize me. He came in low, but that was a mistake because my sword was already up high. I had been trying to wipe my face with the back of my weapon-hand, using the other held me steady on the wall behind me.

I snapped to attention and screamed in fright, haphazardly dropping the blade down diagonally onto his crouched-over shoulder and neatly severing his head halfway from his neck. He fell down immediately in a pile at my feet, bleeding heavily onto the floor. The black tarry goop pooled beneath him, making it necessary that I move left or right to avoid burning my feet off. I found myself hopping from one foot to the other as my brain computed my next move.

To the left was Spike and the hallway. To the right was the closed-in corner of the room. In a split second, I had to decide whether to risk having something come up behind me in that tunnel but to also have Spike's help, or to lure the remaining two orcs away from him, so maybe he could get out and go get our friends.

I decided the safest thing to do and the only thing that really made sense for our mission as a whole was to lead them away from Spike. Maybe I'd make it out. Maybe I wouldn't. But all of my friends would for sure, and that was all that mattered to me right now.

"Get the keys, Spike! Get the others!" I yelled as I sidestepped to my right.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

THE TWO REMAINING ORCS FOLLOWED me away from Spike, and I saw him speed past them to go over to their downed comrade. I started jumping up and down like a lunatic and waving my arms all around, hoping for a distraction.

"Woo hoo, you ugly-ass orcs! Look at me! Yeah, that's right! I'll cut alla y'alls' heads off now. Step right up and get your blood taken. No! Don't look over there! Look over here at me! The girl who's gonna chop your nuts off! And I don't even know if you have nuts!"

Anytime they started to look like they were going to turn in Spike's direction, as he squatted down trying to move the heavy orc body off the keys, I reached out and poked at one of them with the sword.

"Ha! Gotcha on that one, you big ugly bastard! Hey, look! Gotcha again! Oh man, that looks like it hurts! Come on and get another one! I'm running a special on beheadings today, two for one!" I screamed like a wild woman, swinging my blade in a wide arc, hoping one of them would take me up on my offer soon. I was getting tired from all the action, definitely not in shape for this kind of aerobics.

My breath was coming in gasps, and I felt not only terribly winded and thirsty but also very nauseous. It could have been the dismembering, but I was pretty sure it was more likely the overexertion. I'd felt this way before when I'd tried out for the track team, yacking in the bushes one mile into a two mile run. Some bodies were made for lots of exercise. Mine was made more for lots of naps.

As soon as Spike snuck out of the room, I stopped swinging my sword, putting it down by my side, tip in the dirt. The two orcs stopped roaring and gesturing for a second, just staring at me.

"Yeah," I said, breathing heavily, "just hold up for a second, would ya? I need to catch my breath."

The orc on my left roared and pounced. My right hand surged down to join my left, the one that had been holding the sword on the ground. The beast was on me so fast, the only thing I had time to do was lift the sword from where it was, up in the general direction of my attacker. The metal made contact at the same time that he reached me, his arms out and ready to grab my head and probably rip it from my shoulders.

But instead of taking off my body parts, he kind of froze, and my sword came to rest somewhere inside him. It was hard for me to tell where my sword was exactly, though, because he had a long tunic thingy on that blocked my view. I ducked and pulled myself out to the right, getting out of his semi-embrace and scootching along the wall. I dragged my sword with me, slicing him a bit more in the process.

The orc stood up straight, a look of orcan shock spread across his face for a few quiet seconds before he tipped his lumpy head back and roared so loud, pieces of the ceiling fell down on his head. He staggered back a few steps, blood pouring down his legs and leaving a thick trail in front of him as he got farther and farther away. He finally came to rest in the middle of the room.

And then something fell down on the ground at his feet in a juicy plop, followed by fresh spurts from between his legs of the tarry mess that pumped through his rotten veins.

"What in the hell was that?" I asked, staring in fascination at the black, lumpy thing that sat unmoving at the orc's feet.

He looked down slowly, and as soon as he saw what it was, lifted his club and began beating his own head in. And that's when it hit me.

"Oh, my sweet Jesus in a manger ..." My voice went up a full octave. " ... I just cut your balls off, dude!"

The other orc was watching the whole scene play out, and within seconds of his friend beginning his self-mutilation, went over and joined the party. He knocked his friend over and bashed his skull over and over until it looked like a watermelon that had been dropped from a four-story building.

I couldn't move. Nothing in my human or fae life had prepared me for this scene, and nothing in any horror movie or any newspaper article had ever made me even stop to consider what it would be like to castrate an orc and then watch him commit orcicide with a friend's enthusiastic help.

Jared came running into the room, skidding to a halt when he saw the orc finishing off his friend.

The only orc still standing spun to face him, advancing with his club raised, snapping me out of my trance. I rushed towards the orc's back, using the last bit of strength I had to run the point of my blade through his spine. I let go of the handle and stood there quivering in fatigue and shock.

He arched back, his arms flopping down to his sides and his head lolling to the right. His legs collapsed under him, and he fell face-first into the dirt, causing a poof of dust to come up and float over him for a few seconds.

As soon as his body was down, I was able to see Jared again, my view no longer blocked by a beast with murder on his mind. Behind him in the doorway was a pile-up of all my other friends. Tim came flying in over all of them.

"Whoa, what happened in here? Would you look at this mess? Orc blood, ack! Gack! Nasty stuff." As he was flying over to see how I was doing, his attention was caught by something on the floor. He hovered over it, zipping left and right, trying to get a bead on what it was.

I followed the path of his gaze and blanched.

"What is that?" asked Tim, dropping down to get a closer look. "Is that a hand? No, that's not a hand. Is that a ... finger? No, it's not a finger ... is it ... is it ... oh my ... is that?" He looked up at me. "Jayne ... did you ... ?" He looked back down at the lumpy thing on the floor and then zoomed up so high, so quick, he hit the ceiling and knocked himself silly.

I ran over, holding my hands out and catching him just before he hit the dirt. I stood up breathing so heavily I thought I was going to barf, staring down into my palms and praying Tim was going to be okay. He was on his back, his arms and legs spread out like a starfish.

"Tim," I gasped, "are you alright?" I tried to lick my lips, but there was no spit left on my tongue. I coughed a couple times from instant dry throat tickles.

Tim opened one eye, staring up at me suspiciously. "Jayne?"

"Yeah?"

"Please don't cut off my pixie mcnuggets."

I shook my head, knowing I was never going to live this down. "I won't. I promise. Abby would kill me."

Jared came over and looked down at Tim. "Why would Abby kill you?" he asked, putting his hand on my shoulder and squeezing it gently, shaking me a little too in a friendly way.

"Never mind. Can we just go please? We need to find Samantha and get the hell out of this hole."

We started to walk out, but Jared happened to look down just as we were walking by orc number three. "What is that?" he asked, stopping next to the orc testicles.

I pushed him on the back, urging him out. "Don't worry about it. Just go."

Tim flew up out of my hands, racing to the door. "It's orc balls! Severed orc balls! We have a berserker on our hands! Run for your lives!" He disappeared through the doorway, flying so close to Finn's face, he caused him to fall backwards to avoid being hit.

"What in the sam hill is wrong with that little guy?" asked Finn.

"He's got gas," I said. "Didn't want to turn this place into a gas chamber."

"Oh. And now the question I have for my own self is why I even asked that. I shoulda known better." Finn walked out, shaking his head. Niles followed him, pushing past Spike who was just coming in to find me.

Spike walked around Jared and pulled me into a hug so tight it squished what little breath I had left out of me. I started coughing and wheezing in my struggle to get air into my lungs.

"Oh, damn. Sorry." Spike dropped our backpacks that he'd apparently collected from behind the cage off his shoulder and bent down to grab a water bottle out. I snagged it from him and spun the top off, not even caring that I dropped it in the dirt. I chugged the entire thing in five seconds flat.

"Wow. Sword fighting gets you thirsty, I guess."

"Berserking gets her thirsty, you mean," said Tim, coming back into the room.

I rolled my eyes, now finally able to talk but using my words sparingly. I still didn't have my breath back, and we weren't out of this mess yet. "Did you free anyone else?"

"Nope."

"I need the keys," I said, holding out my hand.

"For what?" Spike handed them over.

"I have a friend I need to let out. And I don't want you to be mad, but I owe him one."

Spike frowned. "Why would I be mad?"

"Because. It's Lars."

"Who's Lars? An old boyfriend?" He smiled like he'd just told a joke and was proud of himself.

"Not exactly. But someone who's special to me in a weird way."

"In what way?" His laughing tone disappeared, and his eyes narrowed.

"Come on. I'll show you." I walked out, making my way around our curious friends, returning to the cage that held the demon named Lars.

"You have returned," he said, moving closer to the bars to stand in front of me.

"Yep. Just like I said." I looked over at Spike as he walked up to stand next to me.

"What did you do with the guards?" asked the demon.

"She cut their testicles off!" screeched Tim.

I tried not to laugh at his outrage on behalf of the orcs or whatever it was that had him so overexcited about the whole thing. "I took care of them. So, do you want out or not?"

Spike cleared his throat. I looked up at him to gauge his reaction. I knew the exact moment recognition set in. Spike's eyes narrowed and his lower jaw jutted out a little.

"So this is who Lars is," he said, his voice sounding dead.

"Yeah. The demon who possessed you."

Spike's jaw muscle twitched for a few seconds before he said, "Why would you want to let out the guy who tried to take my place?" He wasn't looking at me, and I didn't think he was looking at Lars either, really. He was waiting for my answer, probably expecting the worst.

I put my hand on Spike's arm, pushing it back a little so he'd turn towards me. He resisted at first, but then at least looked down at me. I could see the hurt starting to grow, and I knew I needed to hurry up and extinguish that fire before it raged out of control. "Spike, I'm setting him free because without him, I wouldn't have you. Not like I do right now."

Spike's nostrils flared, but he said nothing. I'd never seen him look so tough, so cold, and so badass as I did in that moment, and it made me fall for him even harder than I already had.

I pressed forward with my case for setting Lars free. "Where would we be right now if he hadn't shared all your secrets with me? Or at least the secrets that had to do with me and you? Huh?"

Spike shrugged, the ice in his eyes melting just a fraction.

"I know where I'd be. Probably pining after an angel who wanted nothing to do with me, and ignoring the gift I had sitting right under my nose."

Spike's lower jaw moved a little left and then right. "Maybe you'd be happier that way. With Chase."

"Pfft. Please. You and I and the rest of the world know that's not true. Angels and fae aren't meant to be together. Two different realms? Come on! It would never work."

"You were willing to do it anyway ... before."

"Yeah. Maybe because I was lonely. Maybe because I thought he was the only person alive who could love me for who I am, faults and all."

"He's not."

I squeezed Spike's arm and stomped my foot in frustration. "I know! I know that now." My voice softened. "But only because of Lars."

Spike looked from me over to the demon who just stood there, staring at us, saying nothing with no expression on his face. His arms hung at his sides, not threatening but not begging either.

"So you want to set him free because he told you how I felt."

"Yeah. Because he kind of allowed you to set me free." The tears came to my eyes unbidden, and my throat closed up a little as I tried to keep myself from crying. "I found out that when someone loves you, like really loves you, no matter what you do, no matter how many stupid mistakes you make or shitty things you say, it sets you free. I feel like I can fly now. Like nothing is holding me back anymore, Spike."

"Me loving you does that?" he asked, sounding as if he couldn't believe it.

"Yeah. It does. I know it sounds stupid, but it's true."

He reached up to brush away the stray hairs from around my face. "It's not stupid. It's who you are; and I like that person or that fae or whatever you are."

I smiled. "I know that. I feel it. And I feel the same way about you."

He let out one little laugh and said, "Are we going to say the words now?"

I raised my eyebrows. "The L-word? Hell no. Not in a dragon's pantry we're not."

He grabbed me in a hug. "Oh, Jayne. You're so damn cool. I'm so glad that dick told you my secrets."

"Does this mean I can let him go?" I asked into Spike's shirt where he'd smooshed my mouth and nose.

"Yeah. But I'm going to leave you to it, because I still feel like punching him in the face."

I shoved Spike away. "Punching your fairy godfather in the face is a really bad idea," I said, smiling as I put the key in the lock.

Spike chuckled, walking back to the others to leave me alone with Lars.

The gate to Lars' cell swung open, and he stepped out, facing me. I didn't think about it, I just did it. I grabbed him into a hug, ignoring the sharp parts of his hide that jabbed into me and the smell of unwashed demon that reminded me of a pair of well-used gym socks.

At first he just stood there, but eventually he let out a long breath and lifted up an arm to pat me on the back. "You honor me," he said simply.

I pulled away and looked up into his eyes. They were so dark I felt like I was looking into a black hole out in space somewhere. "No," I shook my head, "you honor me. You did something bad, and you could have ruined not only Spike's life but mine too; but you didn't. You saw a fork in the road, and you took the high road instead of the low road. I owe you my love-life, and I'm starting to realize that without love, life isn't even worth living."

Lars reached up and patted my shoulder. "You are very wise for someone so young. I believe you are right. This is a lesson it took me many lifetimes to finally learn, but I know that I am ready now. When my time comes, I will make the right choices. You have given me the strength to keep persevering."

"What are you going to do now?" I asked, sighing heavily at the idea of a lifetime of pain and punishment a fae or person has to go through to get to where Lars was - and he still wasn't free yet.

"I will take your advice and go to a different part of the realm. Perhaps I can find some like-minded demons and make a life for myself that is devoid of much of the pain that I have experienced here."

"I hope so. Listen, I have to go now. Are you going to be okay?"

"Yes. Would you like to know how to get where you need to be?" he asked.

I felt like whacking myself in the forehead. "Uh, yeah. That would be awesome. First, I need to go get my friend Samantha. She's a witch being held by a silver elf named Malena. And then I need to go talk to the dragon. The Dark's mate."

"You wish to speak to Biad?"

"Yeah, that's her name."

Lars tilted his head to the side. "Your goal is to be eaten in the Underworld?"

"No, I'm not going to be eaten. I'm just going to talk to her."

"She is not one for talking. She is usually just one for eating. Her appetite is legendary."

I frowned, not sure if I was happy about having that piece of intel. I probably could have lived happier without it, ignorance being bliss and all. "Whatever. I'll do my best not to be her next snack. Can you tell me where to find Samantha?"

"Yes. If she is with the one you call Malena and her consort Leck, you will most likely find them in the chamber below this one. You must go through that small room in which you saw the orcs, turn right, follow the winding tunnel down, and then take the first tunnel branching off to the right. It will open into a large room much like this one."

I held out my fist for a bump. "Thanks, dude. I owe you one."

He looked down at my hand, at a loss for what I wanted. I gestured with my chin, urging him to do the same. Once he was ready, I leaned in, touching my knuckles to his gently. "Keep it real, Lars."

"Yes, I will keep it to reality. And you do the same."

I laughed, spinning on my heel to join my friends, leaving him behind to figure out how he was leaving this place and when. Spike and the rest of them were waiting for me at the orc guard station, discussing strategy.

"I found out where they're keeping Sam," I said, arriving on the scene. "And Spike and I know where the dragons' landing pad is, so I think we're set."

"Where's Samantha?" asked Jared, a note of urgency in his voice.

"She's one level below us. Come on ... Lars gave me directions."

We went into the guard room where we each stopped and gathered whatever weapons we thought we could use. I grabbed my sword and Blackie, putting the dragon fang back in its sheath. It was my last-ditch-effort weapon in this realm for sure, so there was no point in carrying it in my hand. Jared, Niles, Finn, and Spike each grabbed an orc club. The weapons were lumpy and nasty, just like their owners. I deliberately ignored the testicles on the floor, but unfortunately, Tim didn't.

"Hey, guys! Check out the nads on the ground over here!"

"You ready to go?" I asked everyone with fake cheer, trying to urge them to the door. It was a battle of wills between Tim and me. Who could capture the attention of our friends? Would the castration of orcs be revealed for all to see?

Whenever Tim sensed himself losing his audience, he'd do a flip or other midair acrobatic move to bring their attention back to the mayhem I'd left in my wake. I finally had to drop my sword and start coughing and gasping to get them to leave the mess and come into the hallway with me. I put my hand up once they were all there, holding off their concern. "I'm fine now. Let's go." I started down the tunnel, not even looking back.

Tim came flying up to sit on my shoulder. "Nicely played, berserker. You have more than one hidden talent, I see."

"Better watch yourself, pixieman, before I start slicing and dicing again." I kept my laughter inside, but it was tough. When he flew out in front of me with his hands cupped over his crotch, a snort escaped.

"You keep your hack-o-matic to yourself, there, young lady. I'll have you know that I will protect my family jewels at all costs, including pixying your big white butt. So think twice before you wreck yourself."

"I think I'm supposed to check myself before I wreck myself."

"Whatever. Just keep my man-fruit out of your murderous equations."

"Ew, Tim. That's just gross."

Jared came up beside me. "Maybe you should keep it down a little, since I'm not sure we're in the clear yet."

I nodded, giving him an apologetic look. I didn't even want to see what Niles was doing behind me - probably listing all the reasons I should be put down for my own good and the good of the team.

We followed the contours of the tunnel and found our way to the chamber below the dragon's pantry. Its large wooden door was mostly closed, the crack big enough for my head to fit through, but that was it. We approached cautiously, and I noticed right away there was a cool breeze coming in from the room to the space in the tunnel where we were gathered. Voices were coming from inside, but I couldn't hear what they were saying.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

JARED MOTIONED FOR TIM TO come close. I held out my hand and Tim alighted in my palm, pointing a warning finger at me that nearly had me laughing again. I was pretty sure it meant, Don't chop off my balls.

"Tim, can you go in there and let us know what we're getting into?"

Tim saluted. "Aye-aye, Captain! Your wish is my command!" He grinned like a lunatic.

"I'll take that as a yes," said Jared, forcing himself not to smile, but not completely succeeding.

Tim flew up and through the space in the door. I expected to have time to fully catch my breath and calm myself before he was back, but less than five seconds had passed before he returned. He landed on my shoulder, gesticulating wildly.

"There's a spell on the room. No one can go in there. I almost got trapped again. It's that same binding spell that was near the door to the void before. You remember, Jayne ... the one you had to blow your way out of."

I resisted the urge to growl at him and shove him into my armpit. "Tim says there's a binding spell in there that'll snare anyone entering."

"How'd he get in and out, then?" asked Finn.

"Tell him I felt the vibration in my wings. I ignored it last time, but I won't this time."

"He felt it in his wings."

"Tim ... can you go back in and try to figure out the boundaries of the spell? And also tell us who's in there and what they're talking about."

"Of course. I live to serve! ... To sacrifice my life in the service of others! To ..."

"Tim, could you do this today, maybe?" I asked, cutting him off.

"Thhhppbbttt!" and a squeak from Tim's butt were the last things I heard before he disappeared into the room again.

We waited in tense silence, standing on either side of the door, all of our eyes glued to the opening.

Tim came through a few very long minutes later, flying over to sit on my shoulder, his words flowing out in a rush. "Okay, so we have four fae inside and that's it. Leck, Malena, Ben and Samantha. The boundaries of the spell are actually a lot narrower than I thought. They are only in front of this door and one on the other side of the room."

"You went all the way around the room?" I whispered, pissed he'd taken such a risk.

Tim sniffed haughtily. "I completed my mission, if that's what you're asking."

I rolled my eyes, shaking my head. "You're nuts."

"Aaaanywho, Jayne, if you will please fill in the others while I try and remember everything they were saying in there, that'd be extra special."

I looked at Jared. "He says there are four fae in there: Ben, Malena, Leck and Samantha. The boundaries of the spell are just at this door and one on the other side of the room. I guess if we can get past it here, we can move around the room without a problem."

Tim nodded. "Oh, and they were talking about their troops and friends."

"What troops and friends?" I asked. I looked at Jared. "That's what they were talking about."

"Malena and Leck seem to be filling Ben in on their progress, and he's getting angry about something, but I couldn't tell what."

"Ben's angry. That's ... interesting. What about Samantha? What's she doing?"

"She's just sitting there with her standard scowl. Very sexy."

"Does she look like she's in on it or a prisoner?"

Jared frowned at me, so I shrugged. It didn't hurt to be sure.

"I can't tell. She just sat there saying nothing. Leck mentioned a spell they needed her to do, but she didn't respond."

"So what's the dang plan, then," said Finn. "We're spendin' too much time yappin' and not enough time doin' as far as I'm concerned."

Niles grunted his agreement.

"Well, we have to assume Samantha won't act against us." Jared looked at me before continuing. "And Leck has no powers he can use against us ..."

I held up a finger. "Uh, except the brain-melting thing. He can do that, and I'm here to tell you that it's pretty damn effective at making you do almost anything in order to make it stop."

"Samantha can block him from affecting us that way. She knows the incantation. And Malena is basically defenseless too. The only thing they have on us is orc muscle, and I'm confident we can take any orcs down if they show up."

I glanced at the weapons my friends held, hoping they were as handy with a club as they were with a knife or axe. I flexed my forearm muscle by squeezing my sword's handle. "So let's do this," I said, anxious to get it over with. "Tim, how much space between the door and the spell?"

"You have about the length of your sword before you come into contact. If you walk out and side-step about two sword-lengths, you should be able to avoid it. Stop immediately if you feel a noose tightening anywhere on your body."

I repeated Tim's instructions and his warning, and everyone nodded in response. I caught Spike's eye, and he winked at me.

"Alright ... Niles first, then me, then Finn, Spike, and Jayne. We fan out and just approach them straight-on. I don't think sneaking around is going to work, am I right, Tim?"

Tim nodded. "Kind of difficult to sneak around an open space."

I amplified Tim's words. "He says it's wide open, no sneaking possible."

Everyone moved together towards the entrance, stopping just at the edge of the door. I looked down at Niles and wished him good luck silently. He nodded once and then disappeared from the room.

One-by-one, we left the safety of the outer hallway and entered the room where the fae who'd sold us out waited. Hopefully there was also a fae in there expecting a rescue - one who'd traded her allegiance to them for one with us. Samantha had seemed so genuine when I was with her in that cage and at Maggie's, and I truly believed she cared about Jared. But I knew better than anyone how convincing Ben could be when he was determined, and he sure as crap wanted Samantha's power on his side. Who knew what he'd been filling her head with while we were gone. It was probably a fifty-fifty chance that she was still with us.

"Well, look who's joined the party," said Malena, sounding very pleased with herself. I had hoped for fear or surprise from her at least, so this reaction just made me nervous.

"Right on cue," said Leck, sneering directly at me.

Tim was buzzing high above us, and I noticed none of the fae sitting in chairs set in a circle paid him any attention.

Jared held out his arm to stop us from going any closer. "No one step into their circle," he said, watching Malena very carefully.

I looked over at Samantha, but could read nothing in her expression. She kept her gaze forward, saying nothing, only staring at Ben like she was trying to drill holes through him with her eyes.

"You have nothing to fear from this circle," said Malena, standing in front of her high-backed wooden chair. "You have already entered the one that matters."

Jared spun around, and I followed his gaze to the edge of the room. Drawn on the floor was a soot-black ring, totally encircling the entire chamber. It had been drawn right over the threshold of the door, all of us stepping over it without even realizing it. I had no idea what this meant in real terms, but I knew in every witchy book I'd ever read that this is where their most powerful spells were cast. Fuck and doublefuck!

"Let's begin, shall we?" said Malena, gesturing for Leck to join her. Ben stood too, walking over to stand on her other side.

"Ben!" I yelled, trying to get his attention. "What are you doing?"

He looked at me, no emotion on his face. "Something that just needs to be done, Jayne. Don't worry. You'll be able to leave when we're through."

"I'm not worried about myself, I'm worried about the others. And you." It wasn't a total lie. Whatever he'd gotten himself into with Malena and Leck, it couldn't be that bad or that far gone that he couldn't get out of it.

He smirked. "You're worried about me? How sweet."

"Ben, for once in your life, could you please not be an arrogant ass? Think about Tony and your friendship with him. Doesn't that mean anything to you?"

A muscle in Ben's jaw twitched. "Tony would understand. He is rational and logical, and what we're doing here makes sense for everyone."

"Then why isn't he here supporting you?"

Ben said nothing. He just glared at me.

"It's because you know he wouldn't approve, isn't it? So just walk away, Ben. Leave the two dipshits to drown in their own evil. You don't need to do this." I wasn't even sure what this was, but it couldn't be good. "You have an important role to play. You're going to be a portal guardian ... zzz companion." My weak finish wasn't that inspiring, but I could hardly make a bold statement about him being a portal guardian himself when that wasn't what he actually was doing as the dragon's partner.

"What I do here isn't going to do anything to change that. I'll just be a different guardian's companion too. My role will be enhanced."

I frowned. "You think you're going to be a companion to Biad?"

"Yes. As soon as we're done here, that is the proposal that will be made and secured."

"Iiiiii'm pretty sure that's not going to work," I said, looking around at my friends, soliciting their feedback. Everyone just stared back at me blankly or with shoulders shrugging.

"Yes, it is. I am equally of the Hawthorne and the Blackthorne lines, Jayne. I can control both portals and both guardians. And not you or anyone else can stop me from accomplishing all that I've been working for ... all that we've been working for." He looked to his right, acknowledging his partners in crime.

Leck's chin lifted a little, his arrogance making me want to barf.

I shook my head at Ben, now understanding what he'd been getting at all this time. The dots finally connected for me, from all the way back to our talk in the diner when we'd first met to what he'd just said now. "So you think you're going to control the portals and then control the crossings of the dead and undead, freaking the humans out and forcing them to take us into their communities? You're going to be the ruler of the whole friggin world, the Here and Now, the Overworld, and the Underworld too?" I started laughing. "Oh, that's not just rich ... dude, that's f**king hilarious!" I looked around at all my friends, none of whom were joining me; but that didn't stop me from getting hysterical. I bent over double with the pain of overused abdominal muscles, trying to get a grip on myself before I peed my pants. My face was sore from the permanent smile it was stretched into.

"I can shut her up if you will allow it," said Leck.

That sobered me up pretty quickly. I held up my hand and stood straight. "No need, no need. I'm okay now." I wiped my brow, a huge smile still on my face. I looked over and noticed Jared smiling too, but mostly in a bemused sort of way.

I turned back to Ben. "Phew! That was amaaaazeballs. Total dopamine rush, you know? So anyway, where were we? Oh, yeah. You ruling the universe." I pressed my finger to my lips for effect, staying silent for a couple seconds before lifting my finger up, ready to make my point. "There's just one little problem with your lame-ass plan."

"There is no problem with the plan," said Malena, gritting her teeth. "All the pieces are here. Everyone is ready. We do not need your permission."

I waved her away like she was a stupid little child. "No, no ... I know that, silly." I pointed my finger again. "But what you do need is an heir to the Hawthorne ... name? ... Throne? Whatever it is ... you need an heir. A full-blooded heir, right? An heir untainted by demon shenanigans, I'll bet. And in the words of my fine friend, Finn the green elf ... " I spread my arms wide and said, " ... you ain't got none." I bowed deeply for my invisible fans, waiting a full five seconds before I came up for air.

I stood again with a flourish, hands now on my hips, smiling big at my own awesome finish. I should have been in drama club. I would have kicked ass at that shit. Finn lifted his chin at me, smiling and giving me a thumbs up. Jared just shook his head, the confused smile still there. Niles was frowning, and Spike gave me a wink.

"You have no idea what you're talking about," snapped Ben.

"Ohhhh, yes I do."

"No. You don't."

I sighed heavily. "Yes. I. Do." I walked over closer to him. "Your father was the demon Torrie Silverthorne, not Garrett Hawthorne. Demon shenanigans, get it? Your mother was Shayla Blackthorne. You're missing the full Hawthorne gene, dude. So no-can-do on the little dragon charm or whatever you've got cooked up here."

I looked over at Samantha, who finally seemed to have snapped out of her coma. She blinked once, slowly, but said nothing, her face a mask of non-expression. I still had no idea whose side she was on, but she wasn't scowling at me like she used to do all the time. Maybe this zombie face was her I'm-on-your-side look. I was going to go with that theory until she gave me a reason to think otherwise.

Ben strode over to me, staring me down for a few tense seconds before going back to stand in front of Malena. "Tell her she's wrong. Tell her she doesn't know what she's talking about."

Malena looked over at me like she was bored, her tone matching her expression. "You're wrong, you don't know what you're talking about."

Ben backed up, looking from Malena to Leck. "Leck, tell her."

Leck shrugged. "You're going to take the word of a changeling over that of your fae family?" He shook his head. "I knew you weren't worthy."

"I'm worthy," growled Ben, spinning to look at Samantha. "Do you know anything about this? Tell me!"

She shook her head almost imperceptibly left and right, but she said not a word. It was then that I saw the first sign of emotion in her eyes ... and it was anger. Anger at Ben.

Oh, shit. Ben is so going down right now, and he has no friggin idea. I didn't know the details of it, but I had a sneaking suspicion this was some kind of setup. Malena and Leck were being disrespectful to him and almost mocking him in a way. Samantha just looked determined to get him back for being a dickweed. And here we all were standing in their circle of awfulness, either as pawns to sacrifice or necessary parts to their recipe for disaster. I put my hands on my head, trying to hold all my thoughts together and force them to make sense.

"Jayne, what's wrong?" asked Jared, obviously not caring what anyone thought or if they heard.

"Let's begin," said Malena.

Leck held out his hand in front of him and to the side. Malena laid hers over his and closed her eyes.

Wind came whipping into the room, stirring up the dust and smallest pebbles, sending them zinging around the room to sting our exposed skin. I threw my arm across my face, looking up at the ceiling in time to see Tim tuck himself into a crack in the stone above our heads.

"Now, Ben!" yelled Malena, and a moment later, a wall of fire sprung up on the edges of the circle.

"Leck!" she yelled, nodding at him.

Leck turned to face Spike and then Finn, both of them instantly dropping to their knees and screaming out in agony while holding their heads.

I ran over to Finn and then Spike falling to their sides to hold onto first one and then the other. They were both panting and screaming, their brains being melted by Leck even worse than mine had been. I'd never heard a human or fae sound like this before. I knew it was only a matter of time before he killed them or turned them into vegetables.

"Jayne!" shouted Malena. "Bring your elements to join ours!"

"No!" I screamed; and then Jared dropped to his knees, slapping his hands to his head and falling onto his side as he roared in pain.

"Do it, Jayne!" yelled Samantha. "We are Blackthorne!"

If she had said anything else I probably would have run over and punched her lights out. But it was when she called on our family name that I knew ... I knew we were family ... and family sticks together.

I called to the Earth and the Water, opening my heart and my mind as wide as they'd ever been, summoning the power of my elements in a way that I knew I'd never do again. This would be the end of me. This would kill me. It would finish my lifetime as a fae, as short as it had been, and begin my new one in the Underworld, probably. But whatever Samantha was going to do was for the good of our people, and that was good enough for me.

I didn't bother keeping the elements out of my eyes. Blues and greens burst from my irises and melded with the ring of fire that slowly closed in on us. The mountain rumbled and shook beneath our feet.

The pitiful screams of my friends continued, and the weeping of a dwarf entered the symphony of pain to make it just that much more horrible. When a great and powerful being breaks under the pressure of evil, something in our collective spirit breaks too. I was glad there would still be pieces of my soul in boxes under my bed. Maybe someday I would be whole again if just a part of me survived this.

The sound waves crashed into me like physical things, eventually pushing me closer and closer to Samantha. Through the kaleidoscope of color I could see her arms up, a staff in one hand and something glowing in the other. I didn't care what it was. I knew she was channeling some next-level magic that I'd probably never see again. Whatever it was, it made the room beautiful. We were in a snow-globe of magic, pieces of it floating all around us, completely unaffected by gravity. The wind existed outside of it somehow, blowing our hair and tunics but never touching the magic.

All of the sound in the room built to a cacophony filled with vibrations and colors and fire and water spraying in the wind ... and then it suddenly ended. The moment Samantha dropped her arms in a sweeping gesture, the sound disappeared and everything went white.

I was alone. I wasn't there or anywhere else, for a brief moment in time or for a brief moment entirely outside of time, I didn't even know. My eardrums felt like they'd been popped completely out. I could hear the sounds of my own breathing and pulse like they were playing over speakers in between my ears. I gasped in and out, trying to breathe. There was no air. No air! I was suffocating! Dying!

I was on the ground now, kicking, my lungs straining, struggling to breathe, not ready to die. "I don't want to die!" I gasped out into the non-space. "I'm not ready to die! I want to live!" I screamed with my last breath.

And then ... I was dead. And everything went black.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

THE SMELL OF SULFUR WAS nauseating, and the heat was becoming unbearable. I wanted to move away from it, but I couldn't - I was trapped. Trapped in hell!

I sat up quickly and screamed. I screamed and screamed and screamed until something whacked me on the side of the head.

I realized then that my eyes were closed, so I opened them and found myself facing a wall of red. Blood. Everyone's been murdered. I began to cry, dropping my face into my hands.

A purring began behind me or in front of me maybe, I wasn't sure. It was a curious enough sound that my weeping went softer, so I could hear what this thing was and maybe make some sense of it as I continued wallowing in my grief.

It was followed by a big - whooooff - of sound and wind and ugh, sulfur again. Am I at a wake or a funeral? Did someone bring deviled eggs? The thought of devils and eggs and the stink, slowly started to break through my confusion and the sadness that seemed to be pressing down on me like a very uncomfortable wool blanket.

I looked slowly to my left, the place where the woofing or the snorting or whatever it was seemed to be coming from. And that's when I saw the giant horned and scaled head that belonged to a very large and very heavily-toothed and clawed dragon.

I screamed bloody murder and backed as far away from it as I could get. I bumped into something hard but then again a little flexible, and I turned to see the wall of red that I'd earlier assumed was blood. My own face was reflected back at me a hundred different times in the scales of the dragon that was wrapped around me.

My hand raised up of its own accord to touch the scales that shined so bright they looked like they were covered in a thousand coats of varnish or clear nail polish. They were a smooth as glass but slightly warm to the touch. Alive. I laughed at the lunacy of it all.

I turned to look at the giant dragon eyeball that was close enough that I could have thrown Blackie at it. I looked down and saw that it was still in the sheath at my leg. "Huh, that's weird," I said. "I didn't know you got to keep your weapons in the Underworld when you died." My other leg still had Moriah's sword strapped to it too.

"You do not," said the voice of the dragon in my head.

My mouth dropped open for a second as the ramifications ran through my brain. "You mean ... I'm not dead?"

The giant dragon head shifted left and right. "No."

I was almost afraid to ask, but I had to. "What about my friends?"

"All is as it should be."

I rolled my eyes. Wow. Helpful. "So what's the deal? Am I stuck here now, or can I go home?"

"Do you not have things to accomplish while you are here?"

"Well, yeah. I was supposed to get all my friends and then come make a deal with a ... dragon." I looked at the giant yellow eye staring back at me and finished. "I think you're the one. Are you Biad?"

"I am she."

"Oh. Well, that's handy. I guess I came to the right place, then."

"You were sent here by your friend, the witch."

"Oh. Samantha did this? I guess I need to thank her."

"Feel free," came a voice off to my left.

I couldn't stop the grin from splitting my face. I climbed over the dragon tail that encircled the little spot I'd been sitting in and met Samantha as she approached. I embraced her in a hug so hard I was pretty sure I heard a few of her vertebrae crack.

"Whoa, okay, you're welcome." She patted my back awkwardly.

I stepped away, beaming up at her. "You have no idea how happy I am to not be dead."

She laughed. "Probably as happy as the rest of them are."

"They're all alive?!" I yelled.

She leaned back a little. "Yes, of course. You don't think I'd let them die, do you?"

I frowned. "Well, no ... but I wasn't sure that you were exactly, you know, in charge of what was going on in there."

She smiled, almost patiently. "Just a spell or two to enhance the mood. No big."

"No big? Are you nuts? That was friggin amazing! I've never seen anything like it! I was, like ... totally blown away. I thought I was dead. Deader than dead."

She smiled awkwardly. "You might have been ... a tiny bit dead. But you're not now, right?" Her eyebrows going up into her hair were a dead giveaway that some shit had gone down, but I was too happy to worry about it now.

"So what's the next move?" I asked. "Back to the Here and Now? Please? Tell me we can go."

"You have a bargain to make, I think," she said softly, looking over my shoulder at the giant beast that sat behind me huffing out the sulfur stink.

"Oh. Yeah," I said, turning around. "Wish me luck," I said over my shoulder.

"Jayne?" Samantha called out.

"Yeah?" I asked, turning partway and stopping.

"Just be yourself."

I laughed. "I can count on one hand the times anyone has ever said that to me, in almost eighteen years of life. Not good odds. Are you sure you don't want to change your advice?"

"Hell no. Don't take any shit from that dragon."

I smiled and turned back. Yeah. She's a Blackthorne.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

BIAD WAS WAITING FOR ME, blinking her eye once as I approached.

"Hello, Biad the badass," I said.

"Hello, Jayne of Blackthorne."

"I've come to make you an offer you can't refuse."

"I wish to hear your offer. Please proceed."

"The fae want you to come and guard the portal to the Underworld. They know The Dark can't do it because they ... you know ... killed him and all. So they want you to do it instead."

"I cannot serve alone. It is not in my nature to be without a companion."

"Yeah. I've heard that about you guys. So what are your terms? Everything's negotiable. You can have a companion, and I'll even throw in this handy dandy dragon tooth if you agree." I pulled the Dark of Blackthorn from it sheath and held it out at her.

A puff of smoke and a lick of flame came out of her mouth. "My mate will be pleased."

"The question is, will you be pleased? The fae need you. The humans need you. And hey, you could come out of the Underworld, that's a bonus, right?"

"It could be appealing ..."

"If ...?" I sensed the boom about to be lowered.

"If the companion was to my liking."

"Well, there's this guy Ben who wants to be your companion and the companion of Heryon too."

"He cannot. This has already been decided. He is where he belongs. The bargain was struck."

"Well, I guess his rule-the-world plan didn't work out. That's good. Well, who do you want? We have green elves, silver elves - there's a great one named Celine who I think you'd like, and we could keep her out of that nasty soul-stealing business if you took her on - plus we have some sprites, sirens, succubi, ..."

"I wish for an elemental. No other fae will do."

I felt sick to my stomach. "Oh, that sucks, because you know, that Ben guy ... he's an elemental. The best one there is. Fire, Wind ... the works. I can get in touch with him if you want, see if he's available?"

"That is enough. You know what you must do. Make your decision and leave me."

"Don't you mean make my decision or leave you?"

"No."

I was totally confused now. "I assume it's me you're offering this wonderful opportunity to - and I don't mean to be rude by turning you down because it's a huge honor, I know - but I have a life back in the Here and Now and a new boyfriend who I've got big plans for and, well, I just don't have time to live in the Underworld. Plus, all the demons and orcs down here are always trying to kill me. I'm not sure how long I'd survive as your companion."

"You do not understand the life of the companion. If the bargain is struck, neither of us will be in this realm any longer. We will move to the portal to stand guard."

"All day. All night. Stand in a doorway? I'm pretty sure that's just another form of hell."

"If it were, I would never agree to it. The portals exist in the place where the human world and fae worlds coexist, not very far from where you live with the fae in the Green Forest. You would not be expected to stand guard - merely to visit with me from time to time and discuss things with me as they cross our minds. There might also be occasions where you would seek things that I require and bring them to me."

"Are you talking about food? Because I refuse to deliver fae or demons for you to eat."

"Do not be foolish."

My face turned a little red at that, but I refused to feel stupid when there was a room full of food just down the hall for this dragon's meals. How was I supposed to know I wasn't the food procurer or whatever? "So how often would we meet?"

"Often enough that I do not become bored or disillusioned. At the equinox."

"That's like ... twice a year, right?"

"Yes. You may come more often as you wish. You will have full access to our realm."

The whole 'our realm' thing was a little creepy, but the rest of it sounded do-able. I could take a trip to wherever this place was twice a year to have a little chit-chat with a dragon. That might actually be cool. "Do I get to ride on your back?"

"If you wish."

A shiver of anticipation ran up my spine. "If I agree to this bargain, can I do it now?"

"Yes."

I thought about what Tony would say and Spike smiling at me. Then I pictured Becky jumping up and down and clapping her hands. I knew Finn and Robin and all the green elves would be over the moon about it. The only ones I could imagine not being happy with this arrangement were Malena and Leck.

"Okay. Let's do this."

"The bargain has been struck. Come forward, elemental, and accept your duty."

Now a shiver of fear went through my body. It sounded so formal. So final. So ... intense.

I put one foot in front of the other, and eventually I was standing in front of her face, just a couple feet away from her eyeball. It was as big as half my body.

"Take one of my scales from my neck."

I looked at her neck, a thousand bright, shining red scales reflecting the light of the cave back at me. "Any one in particular?"

"No."

"Okay. But don't bite me if it hurts." I walked over and picked a scale that looked kind of small, hoping it wouldn't hurt her too much. I slid my finger up underneath its edge, a puff of heat escaping to warm up my hand. I grasped it with both hands and pulled as hard as I could. At first nothing happened but then suddenly it came free with a horrible ripping sound, and I went flying back with the unexpected momentum.

My back slammed into something hard that stopped me from falling onto my butt. I turned around and jumped in fright at the huge nostril I saw there behind me. A plume of smoke rose up from it and wrapped around my face.

"Kah! Hack! Gack! Huh!" I choked on the acrid smell of boiled eggs and earthy-scented minerals. "Thanks," I said, waving it away, appreciating being kept from busting my ass, even though the rescue had involved toxic fumeage.

"Put the scale in your fist, curved side away into your palm, and hold your fist in the air."

I looked at the scale, marveling at how it was just as shiny and brilliantly-hued on the inside as the outside. I settled it into my palm, smiling at how perfectly it fit there. I closed my fingers over it and tightened them down. All this ceremonial stuff was fun. I wondered if she was going to let me keep the scale. Maybe one of Netter's friends could put it on a necklace for me.

"Okay. I have it in my fist. Now what?"

"Hold it out in front of you."

I lifted my fist up in the air and shifted my weight to my other leg. I felt like the Statue of Liberty or something, and giggled a little at the image I must be creating standing like this.

That was the last thought I had before a huge set of monster dragon jaws clamped down over my arm and started breathing out orange, red, and white fire that engulfed my body completely.

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

"TELL US AGAIN HOW YOU peed your pants in the dragon's lair," said Tim from the pillow beside me, his hands laced behind his head, and his legs crossed at the ankles.

"Yeah, dat's my favorite," said Willy, jumping from pillow to bed to pillow again, using just enough wing action to propel him, but not enough to get busted for violating the momma-imposed probation he was on for sneaking out of the realm without permission. "Lellamental pees her panties ... just ... like ... meeeee!" he said, leaping from the pillow high into the air to splat into a face-plant on the bed below. He landed with his arms and legs spread out in a star-formation. His wings buzzed once and then a second time to let us know he was still alive.

"That little guy sure has a lot of energy," said Spike, my foot in his lap so he could give me the massage I so loved for him to do.

I looked over at him, sighing inside at how handsome he was, shirtless in his black flannel pajama pants at the bottom of my bed, his hair a massive bed-head accident. His tattoos with their myriad of colors stood out in stark contrast to his nearly white complexion, completing the sexy picture that now filled almost every moment of my day. I couldn't stand to be away from him for more than a few minutes at a time, it seemed. We'd wasted so much time and risked so much by not being open with each other or honest with ourselves.

"Tell me about it," I said, reaching over to nudge the baby pixie. "You suck the energy right out of us, don't ya? Don't ya?" He giggled in response but didn't move.

"Don't be modest, roomie," said Tim. "Regale us with your story again so that I might memorize it to tell my great-great-great grandchildren."

"Fine. One more time and that's it." I held up my hand, the palm facing my friends. The bright red dragon scale fused to my hand glistened in the bright morning light that came through the tree wall and into my bedroom. "I yanked off a scale from her neck, put it in my fist, and shoved my fist into her mouth. She lit us both on fire and fused the scale into my body. I had to change my pants because she scared the piss out of me, then I had a little ride on her back, and then I came home with a free pass that allowed me to go through the Underworld with all my friends and not be touched by any of those nasty demons. End of story. Now don't ask me again." I dropped my hand to the bed again, letting my fingertips curl in and rub the smooth surface of my dragonrider's mark. It was always warm and kept me connected to Biad, that sneaky awesome bitch of a dragon. I could feel her now if I concentrated - strong, steady, guarding the entrance to our realm, the Underworld.

Tim sighed. "A dragonrider. Who would have thought I'd see another one of them in my lifetime? And of course she's my roommate ... that's only to be expected."

"It was cool, I have to admit," I said, grinning with the memory. I looked over at Spike. "I'm taking you with me next time."

"Let's do it," he said without hesitation. "I'm down with dragon-riding. I'll go right now if you want."

I smiled at his never-say-no attitude. Even when I'd told him I'd have to leave at least twice a year to go visit with Biad, he was totally cool with it. We looked up the spot where we were supposed to meet with her, a place called Uamh An Ard-Achaidh, otherwise known as the High Pasture Cave in Torrin on the Isle of Skye, just off the coast of Scotland.

Tim turned to look at me. "I always knew you were jealous of my wings, Jayne. It's okay to admit that. Everyone is."

I smiled slyly at him. "My wings are bigger than yours."

He launched himself into the space above me, doing three side rolls and a suicide dive before righting himself again just above my nose. "It's not the size of the wings that matters, Jayne. It's how you use 'em." He flew out of the room leaving a raspberry and a pixie toot in his wake.

"Daddy gots gas," said Willy.

"Your daddy always gots gas," I said, leaning over and poking him again. He was fun to poke. "Why don't you go play spider nakies or something?"

He sat up, his hair a mess. "I'm nodallowed."

I winked at him. "I won't tell."

"Really?" he asked, looking around all sly-like. He jumped up and started shucking his clothes. "Okay! Wanna play with me?"

"Nah, you go ahead, little dude. I'm just going to rest here with Spike.

"Okay! Here I go! Watch me, Lellamental! Watch!"

"I'm watchin', Baby Bee."

The baby pixie took off flying around the room bare-ass naked, finally attaching himself to a tree on the far side of the room.

"See me, Lellamental?! See me?! I'm doin' it! Spider nakies, to the rescuuuuuee!!" he left the tree and flew to the spot on the wall where he could squeeze through a hole to go into his parents' room.

Spike watched in amused fascination. "What in the heck was he doing?"

"Some weird game he made up. Keeps him busy."

"But why's he naked?"

"So he can feel the breeze ... how do I know?" I reached my hands down towards him. "Come up here and cuddle with me."

Spike wiggled his eyebrows and crawled up the bed like a tiger to join me under the covers. He pulled them back and got in, drawing me up against his hard body, and throwing the covers back over our heads to ward off the winter chill in the room. "What's the matter, babe? Getting lonely in this big old bed all by yourself?"

"I haven't been alone in this bed since we got back, as you well know," I said, pushing on him playfully, my face going red with the memories.

"Are you complaining? Because I can always go back to sleeping in my little cell if you prefer."

I snuck my arm around his neck. "No way. You're staying with me."

He pulled me in closer and kissed me once on the lips. "I feel bad," he said, breathing out a long sigh and resting his chin on my head.

"Why?" I asked into his chest. I loved the way his skin smelled and felt against mine.

"Because, I never thanked that Lars guy. I should have. If it weren't for him, who knows where we'd be right now. So many things kept getting in the way of us being together. Without him spilling the beans, you'd probably be snuggling up to your half-brother-cousin or whatever he is right now, and I'd be running around in the woods trying to keep my mind off loving you."

"Don't worry about Lars; I thanked him. He knows what he did. And I'm sure he wouldn't want you to feel bad. He's a cool guy, he forgives you for holding out."

"Good. Because sometimes I have nightmares about you being with Ben."

"You and me both. But trust me, that would never happen. He's an arrogant butthead who has a lot to learn about how to treat a girl. Plus, I don't date relatives, no matter how far back in the line they might go."

"He'll have a lot of time to think about that where he is now, though. I kinda feel bad for the guy."

"Pa-lease. He tried to take over the world, Spike. You are way too nice. Too bad he's such a terrible judge of friends. He stuck with Leck and Malena who tried to use his own arrogance to get rid of him after he'd set them up with all their troops and cronies, and he blew off the one person who might have stopped to help him."

"Tony. Yeah. Dude was seriously disappointed in Ben."

"Of course he was. He still holds out hope that Ben can change and see the error of his ways, though. He visits him sometimes through the Gray. He says they're having some great talks."

"Maybe they are. Maybe it's not just Tony's unwavering faith that's causing him to imagine things."

"Well, it'll be a long time before I forgive Ben for what he did to Samantha and me and everyone else. By the time he gets out of the Overworld portal maybe I'll be over it. Maybe."

"Probably not," said Spike, squeezing me close. "But you don't need to worry about Samantha. She and Jared are tight now. I heard they're living together already."

"I know. So cool. They're really good together. Did you know she and I are going to train with each other this week?"

"Yep. Should be epic. I'm bringing popcorn."

I slapped him for mocking me, even though I knew there was a chance that one of us was probably going to get our butts unintentionally blasted into la-la land.

"You have plenty of time to get a ton of stuff done with her since the next equinox isn't until March."

"Yeah. Thank the Overworld I didn't get stuck with that twenty-four hour duty thing like Ben did."

"You played fair. You didn't try to rig the system. There was no need to teach you the rights and the wrongs of messing with the Order of Things. I have a feeling he's going to be in training for a loooong time."

I giggled. "Yeah. As long as it takes them to let all that air out of his head."

"Power makes people do stupid things," said Spike.

"So does love," I said, thinking sadly of Celine and all the people she'd disappointed, just so she could rescue the fae she loved.

"Don't worry about Celine," said Spike, reading my mind. "She has Torrie now who finally appreciates the love she was offering. And you don't have to hate either one of them since you know he's not the one who hurt your mother, and Celine only did what she did to undo the wrong done to him. You of all people have to understand that kind of dedication."

"Leck is going to burn in the Underworld forever for what he did to my mom and everyone else. I'm going to make sure of it. Leck's on the dragon menu for life. Malena too."

Spike chuckled as he leaned down and kissed me, deeper and longer this time. He came up for air and let out a big sigh. "Babe, you just slay me, you know that?"

"Shut up," I said shyly, fake-punching him in the chest. He was always complimenting me and making me feel all warm and fluffy inside.

"No, seriously ... I always knew you were special, from the first second I laid eyes on you in that warehouse and watched you eat that slice of pizza. But you've just blown me away with how much you care about people and take on responsibility for them. I'm glad everyone's finally getting you like I do, you know?"

I smiled, unable to stop myself from feeling warmed from my head to my toes. I reached up with my finger to trace the line of his jaw and his beautifully sculpted lips - the most gorgeous, sexy guy I'd ever known. "I'm not anything special. I'm just me. Just ordinary Jayne."

He tipped his head down and grabbed my finger gently in his teeth, licking and then kissing its tip before letting it go. "Ordinary, my ass. You're not ordinary, Jayne ... you're special. There's nobody like you in the entire world."

I snuggled deeper under the covers with the boy of my dreams, the guy with the crazy-sexy smile and the tattoo of a dragon staring out at me from his chest.

Life was good. No, life was great. I had friends, a family, awesome roommates, a boyfriend who loved me, and a very powerful witch who was a fated Fate, ready to teach me everything I needed to know to be a kickass dragonrider. I knew six months ago when I sat in my high school history class that I wanted to be special, that I wanted something more out of life, and now I knew why.

Because somewhere deep down inside me, I knew. I knew that I was meant to be extraordinary.

Epilogue

Spring was the best time of year for a binding ceremony. I was convinced of that. And no wonder ... the meadow had never been so full of flowers and the Green Forest so covered in fresh leaves and new growth. The majesty here was a fitting metaphor for our lives right now.

"How do I look?" asked Tim, nervously. He had his comb out for the hundredth time, slicking his hair down and spritzing it with some goop a witch had made for him.

"Dude, you're as shellacked as you're going to get. Put the spray away before you completely destroy the ozone."

"Aren't you nervous?! Why aren't you freaking out?!" He looked me up and down quickly, back to staring at himself in the mirror a second later. "You look good, by the way. White suits you."

"Thanks. And Tim ... if you don't calm down, two things are going to happen."

"Oh, yeah? What?" he asked, picking off pieces of lint from his formal fae suit - pieces so small that no one, not even a pixie, would ever be able to see them. They were probably just hallucinations of lint brought on by stress.

"Dial it back, or I'm going to shove you in my bra, and your hair will be a complete mess during the ceremony."

He pointed his comb at me. "Don't you even think about it! ... But point taken. I'll chillax. Maybe."

"Papa!" yelled Willy, squeezing through the hole in the wall that led from his home to my bedroom.

"Willy, what are you doing here?" asked Tim, finally distracted from his coiffing and lint-picking. "Aren't you supposed to be at the nursery with the other wee pixies?"

"No! I don't wanna!" he insisted, flying over in a haphazard flight path as he fought in midair against this little jacket and itty bitty bow tie. "And Momma's making me comb my hair and wear this yucky tie and it makes me chokey. It looks like ugly." He was trying to pull it off with two hands, but apparently Abby had gotten smart and either knotted it or spell-superglued it on. He was failing at removing it but succeeding in strangling himself. "Rrrrr! Grrrrr! Rrrrr! Get! It! Off!"

"Son, leave it alone. It doesn't look like ugly. It looks like handsome. Like your papa. See?" Tim flew in a slow circle, giving Willy his best Zoolander Blue Steel look.

Willy frowned, not appearing very impressed. He glanced over at me for some sort of verification.

It was a golden opportunity to raise hell in the pixie world, but I decided against it. Today was a big day for me, and the last thing I needed was a thousand pixies all up in arms over rebellious babies. "Baby Bee, if you were a big fae like me, and you were wearing that tie, I'd totally want to go play spider nakies with you right now."

He frowned at me in suspicion. "Is dat true?"

"Of course it's true. Look at you, you handsome little beast." I pointed to the mirror.

He flew over and stood on the dresser, hands on tiny hips, pouting in the mirror at his lopsided tie. "It looks like ugly to me."

"Nope. It's handsome." A flash of inspiration hit me then: rebellion, but on a smaller scale. "Hey ... I have an idea. Why don't you go back to the nursery and ask some of the other pixies to play spider nakies with you? I'll bet they'd love it. You can be the boss of the game since you made it up."

A smile quickly replaced Willy's frown. He looked at me, tempering his reaction with the slightest bit of doubt. "But my momma said no spider nakies today."

"Well, is your momma there at the nursery?"

"Jaaaaayne," said Tim. "I see where you're going with this, and as your roommate I feel compelled to warn you against it."

I laughed. "You're his father. You can override me whenever you want."

"I'm aware of that. But it's possible I might in some small measure agree with your wise counsel while also being aware of the terrifying she-pixie in the other room and what she can and will do to me if I countermand one of her orders."

"Ah. I see. So if he exposes his pixie mcnuggets to the entire pixie community, I'll be the one to take the fall."

"Precisely."

I shrugged, turning back to the wee pixie. "Go for it, Baby Bee. Just make sure you keep the tie on."

Willy took off for the crack in the wall, shedding his formal suit as he went, but leaving the tie around his neck. "Bye-bye, Lellamental! I'm gonna go play now!" His butt made it through the hole, and I heard his tiny voice as it disappeared in the distance, yelling, "Spider nakies, to the rescuuuuue!"

Tim shook his head. "I wish I had another witness. You'll testify that I told him no, right?"

"You got it, roomie. Just remember that you owe me one. A big one."

"Pfft. Yeah right," he said, heading for the hole in the wall, following Willy's path. "You still owe me for choosing you as my roommate. Not sure how you'll ever pay me back for that one."

He flew out of the room before I could respond, probably to yell at one of the thousand pixies who were there to help organize the meadow. The pixies, gnomes, and all their garden partners had been working for a straight week to get the place ready.

It was just a tiny bit early in the year for the meadow to be this colorful, but we had to hurry it forward a little bit. I was scheduled to leave in just a few days for Uamh An Ard-Achaidh - the High Pasture Cave in Torrin on the Isle of Skye, near Scotland. The entrance to the Underworld and the portal were there, where the dragon guardian waited to greet me.

It would be my first trip as the companion to Biad, and I was a little nervous. My friends and I were going a week early so we could see the sights and get settled in. My job on this first trip was not just to chat-up the dragon, but also to find a place that the fae could provide as my permanent place there. I would only be going twice a year for my work, but apparently the council thought I needed a place to call home while I was there. It was my choice whether to find a human home or a fae one - a spot like we had in the Green Forest. And regardless of which one I chose, a very powerful witch was going to be sure to spell the shit out of it so that it wouldn't freak out any humans or anything like that. And I trusted her implicitly. She was my training partner and distant cousin, Samantha the Fate.

I looked at myself in the mirror, examining my new look from the left angle and then the right. Theresa was behind me, packing up all her crap she'd used to fix my hair for me. "You outdid yourself this time, Theresa," I said, liking the way my hair up off my neck in this fancy twist made me look all sophisticated.

"Thank you. Just don't touch it. I don't have time to do any repairs. I have to go take care of Becky before she blows a gasket."

"I haven't seen her. How's she doing?"

"As good as can be expected. You should stop by and say hello, if you have time before the ceremony. It's no big deal if you don't. I know you have a lot to do."

"I'll try. But just in case, tell her I'll see her out there."

"Will do," said Theresa, throwing the bag over her shoulder.

I reached out and touched her forearm. "So, what's the deal ... are you going with us to Torrin?"

Theresa reached up and tucked a lock of hair behind her ear, making it stick out a little. "I'm not sure. I might be taking a trip over to Avebury." She shrugged self-consciously.

"Still not giving up on him, eh?"

"I think he's made a lot of progress. At least, that's what Tony says."

"Well, in my experience, Tony is impossible to shake, no matter how much of an arrogant ass you are - but I guess everyone deserves a second chance, so if you're willing to give it to him, more power to ya."

"I've seen him a few times myself, through the Gray with Tony. He's changed. Being with Heryon has really opened his eyes to a lot of things."

I withheld my comment about how Heryon was probably the only other female in the universe other than me who was immune to his charms, and that maybe Ben had finally met his match in her. It didn't matter what I thought. If Theresa wanted to tame that beast, it was entirely up to her. She was a big girl, strong, and smart enough to know what she was getting into. "I wish you both good luck and total happiness."

She leaned over and gave me a quick hug, patting me on the cheek gently when she was done. When she reached the door, she looked back. "Are you going to see Spike?"

"No. Not until the ceremony. He's running around all over the place with Finn right now, anyway."

She nodded. "Okay. I'll see you out there. Don't be late!"

"Pfft. As if. No one better start without me," I said, as she left the room.

Her laughter trickled through the door as she went out into the hallway.

I was coming out of my bathroom a minute later when I heard a knock at my bedroom door. I frowned, wondering who it could be standing on ceremony like that. My friends usually just barged right in.

I pulled the door open and found Celine standing there in a beautiful silver robe. "Come in. You're late."

"Yes, I know. Please forgive me. We had a little mishap in the kitchen, and Torrence was having some difficulty with his clothing that I had to assist with."

"A wife's job is never done, eh?"

She smiled serenely. "No. And I am happy for that. I wouldn't ever want to feel not needed."

I snorted. "That's not likely." Her husband was a pigheaded dope, Celine being the only fae who seemed able to tamp down his inner Torrie and make his company even bearable. She noticed none of it, floating around on her cloud of love. The only time he wasn't making my lip curl with disdain over how much he acted like Ben, was when he was making goo-goo eyes at his wife. It was in those moments that I could forgive his Ben-ness. There truly was someone for everyone.

"Do you have it ready?" she asked.

"Yeah. It's right here," I said, taking the paper out of my top drawer and handing it to her.

She scanned the page.

"Is it going to work?" I asked.

She smiled. "Yes. This is perfect."

"Do you want it? I have it memorized."

"Yes. Thank you," she said, tucking it into a hidden pocket at her side. "Jayne ... I just want to say something, before we go out there."

I shrugged. "Say it, then. I'm all ears."

"Thank you."

"For ...?"

"For your forgiveness. For your understanding. For your friendship. It means so very much to me and to Torrie."

I smiled. "I feel funny saying you're welcome, but whatever. You're welcome. I'm hardly the one to fault someone for making stupid mistakes. I do it almost daily, myself."

"Yes, but there are mistakes and then there are my kind of mistakes."

"Meh. Like the old coot Dardennes says ... life is not black and white. Everything lives somewhere in the gray eventually. I'm not here to judge you or anyone else. Lord knows, I don't want anyone doing it to me. I'd be in the Underworld for sure."

She stepped over and gave me a warm hug. "See you in a couple minutes, then." She left my room, the door not even coming fully to a close before it was pushed open by my next visitor.

"You ready?" asked Scrum.

His newly-shorn hair and fancy outfit had me whistling in appreciation. "Daaamn, Scrum. You clean up nice."

He smiled, his face going pink. "Thanks. Theresa helped me with my hair."

I nodded. "Better her than me. Seriously, dude, you look awesome."

He held out an elbow. "I'm your escort. Spike says he'll meet you out there."

I rolled my eyes. Typical. Spike was the party planner and general entertainment manager. No way was I going to see him until the last minute. But I liked it that way. It built up the anticipation of being with him, making it feel like it was the first time I was seeing him all over again. I smiled to myself, thinking about my sexy pizza delivery man from Miami.

Tony came out of his room as we neared his door and joined us in the hallway. "Wow, Jayne ... I mean ... wow. You look really nice." He glanced over at my escort. "You too, Scrum. Sharp."

Tony looked better than I'd ever seen him. He was filling out in the shoulders, and his face had completely cleared up. With his formal wrathe robes on, he looked like a very studious athlete. I shook my head at the transformation. Love looked good on him.

Felicia came out behind him. "Oh, hey, guys." She stepped over to hug me. "Theresa worked her magic, I see." She kissed me on the cheek and then took Tony's hand and stood next to him.

"Yep. Buffed me up for the big day. You guys ready?" I asked. They both nodded, so we continued down the hall, headed to the door with the infinity symbol on it.

"Do you have your stuff ready?" asked Tony. "Did you finally decide on what you're going to say?"

"Yes. I was up all night. Tim threatened to use hemorrhoid cream on my eye baggage, as he likes to call it."

"Isn't that for ... butts?" asked Scrum.

We all laughed before I answered, "Yeah. It shrinks swelling in general, though. Apparently I had some righteous under-eye puffiness this morning, but it's calmed down."

"Okay. Good," said Scrum sounding a little uncomfortable.

"Where are Jared and Samantha? I haven't seen them all morning," I asked.

"Busy working with the pixies and stuff out in the meadow," answered Scrum. "They had some last-minute changes and stuff, so Sam was up late."

I nodded as we turned a corner, the door we sought not far away.

"Is everything set for our trip, Tony?" I asked.

"Almost. We have the travel arrangements in place, spells being finalized, itineraries almost finished. We'll be ready by departure day. Operation Fae School Fieldtrip is well in-hand."

I laughed. The plan they'd come up with was brilliant. We were a supposed group of students from a private school, and Jared was our teacher and chaperone taking us on a field trip to study archeological mysteries. The Miami crew was riding again, and I for one couldn't wait to get out into the world with my friends at my side. The equinox couldn't come soon enough. The last several months of training and working with the council and guardians to get everything back to the way it was supposed to be and heal the veil between the realms had been exhausting work - exhilarating, too, but I was ready for a little R and R.

We reached the door and stepped out, just inside the trees that surrounded the meadow. Becky stood alone behind one of them, her hand resting on its bark.

"You guys go ahead," I said. "I'm going to talk to Becky."

I walked over, my feet making swishing sounds as they kicked dead leaves out of the way. The winter had left the trees' old clothing on the ground to become the next layer of our forest carpet.

"Hey, Becks. What're you doing out here all by yourself?"

She turned to face me, a little pale, and as delicate-looking as I'd ever seen her. "I'm just waiting for you guys. I didn't want to walk out there all by myself."

"You're not going to be by yourself, silly. Come on." I took her by the elbow, trying to lead her towards the ceremony which had been set up under the big oak.

She resisted my guidance. "I'm not ready."

I sighed. "What's the matter?"

"It's just a big step, Jayne. How do you know when you're ready?"

I threw up my hands, not angry at my friend but at a loss for answers. "You just know, I guess. You feel like the person is the only one you want to see on a consistent basis for the rest of your life. Someone who makes you feel special and smart and awesome."

"Finn does that for me."

"Well, there you go. You know what the secret formula is. You guys are perfect together."

She smiled. "We are, aren't we?" She looked down. "I'm so glad Jared found us in Miami. We owe him so much. It's a debt I'm afraid I'll never be able to repay."

"Good thing he doesn't hold that over our heads, because I owe him the same. Can we go now?"

She looked at me, pleading with her eyes. "I'm nervous. I know you're the one doing all the talking, but I'm still freaking out."

I sighed, stepping closer to the tree that was holding her up. "Let's hug it out, Beckster. Come on ... you know you want to." I gestured with my finger. "Hug the damn tree."

Her smile lit up her face. "Oh, boy, I never thought you'd offer!" She grabbed onto the tree and hugged for all she was worth. "I'm ready," she said, her face smooshed up charmingly against the bark.

I shook my head, smiling at her silliness. Even on a day like today when she was freaking out to the max, she still managed to be the sunniest being in the forest. I wrapped my arms around the tree, overlapping my arms with hers. The Green came flooding into us through the living things around us that we touched through this young tree.

Becky sighed, a look of bliss coming over her face. "Oh, man, that is just exactly what I needed. Life is so, so good, isn't it?" she asked.

"Yeah. Life is awesome. Ready to go now?"

She nodded. "Yeah. I'm ready. But you're going to have to pull me off this tree though, because I'm still a little scared."

I disconnected, letting The Green go back into the earth, and stepped over to detach my friend. "Come on, little water sprite. Brush your robe off. We have a binding ceremony to get to, and it can't start without us."

She worked at getting the last bits of bark from her robe as I practiced my lines in my head. When she was ready, I took her by the hand and led her out into the meadow.

As soon as the group saw the guest of honor, they stopped mingling and organized themselves into a mass of fae with a path between them. It wasn't a straight aisle, but curved, making it possible for more fae to see the bride and wish her well as she walked past them.

A beautiful song rose up above the heads of the guest, and I saw my handsome incubus standing nearby giving slight movements of his hand to direct the music. He winked at me once before turning back to the group of sirens who were the entertainment for the special occasion.

I walked with Becky to the edge of the crowd where Dardennes waited, wearing his finest duds. We stopped in front of him. "Are you good?" I asked her.

She nodded, silently, unshed tears making her eyes bright.

I pointed in her face. "No crying. That's an order. You'll mess up your makeup and make me cry too."

She jumped at me, grabbing me in a stranglehold of a hug. "I love you, Jayne. You're a wonderful friend."

I patted her on the back, rolling my eyes at Dardennes who watched over us, smiling. "I love you too, freak. Now let me go. I have to walk up that stupid aisle."

She stepped back and touched the corners of her eyes with a handkerchief that Dardennes had given her.

I looked up at the silver elf, standing silently and waiting for us. "You ready to deliver the package?" I smiled, nervous now about what I was about to do.

"I am ready and honored." He held out his elbow. "Shall we?"

Becky nodded, slipping her arm through his. "As ready as I'll ever be."

"I'll catch you guys on the flip side," I said. "And hey ... don't walk too fast. I have to get through all your fans." I took off running for the outskirts of the crowd, intent on beating my water sprite buddy to the altar. I practiced the vows I'd written with Spike's help in my head as I pushed through the fae who'd gathered to celebrate the love of two of their youngest members.

I reached the front in record time, the crowd having split for me like the Red Sea. Spike came over and gave me a quick kiss and a thumbs up before going back to stand with the sirens.

Finn stood all alone at the head of the aisle, a mess of nerves, waiting for his bride to be delivered to him. He hadn't seen her since yesterday, and I took pity on him, seeing him standing there visibly shaking.

I walked over and put my hand on his shoulder, causing him to jump. "Nervous?"

"Oh, hell yeah, I'm nervous. I ain't never been this sick in my life. There's a whole troop-a butterflies in my stomach and they're doin' the cha-cha or somethin' in there." His freckles stood out in stark relief against his overly pale face.

"You have nothing to be nervous about. I just saw her, and she's totally ready to be bound to you. And she looks amazing."

"She is? She does? Are ya sure? What if she changes her mind? What if she takes off runnin' like one-a them runaway brides or whatnot? What'll I do then?"

"You'll chase her down, tackle her, and bring her back here. Then I'll say the words and finish her off. She won't know what hit her."

Finn smiled. "I knew you'd have my back, Jayne Blackthorne. You ain't half bad, you know that?"

I punched him in the arm. "You aren't so bad yourself, country boy. Hey, look ... here comes the bride."

Finn followed my gaze and laid eyes on his beautiful life partner. I watched his face as he saw her coming and recognized the expression I saw there. It was just like the one Spike had for me, when he hadn't seen me for a day and was glad to be back together. I sighed with barely contained happiness. If I wasn't careful, I was going to start jumping up and down and clapping with glee like my nutty water sprite friend.

I stepped back, centering myself on the spot that had been designated as the binding ceremony's epicenter. It was a circle outlined in a huge pile of flowers of every shape and color.

Dardennes brought Becky to the edge of the circle, leaning down to kiss the top of her head before stepping away.

I cleared my throat. "Becky of the Water Sprite Clan of the Green Forest," I said in as confident a voice as I could manage with my pulse rocketing into outer space.

"Yes," she said in barely a whisper.

"Do you wish to enter into the binding circle?"

She nodded.

"Then enter, please, with your heart holding only love."

She stepped over the flowers and moved to the center of the circle.

"Becky, do you wish to invite another to enter the circle with you?" I asked.

She lifted her chin. "Yes, I do," she said, more confidently now.

"Name this other." My voice was gaining volume, carrying over the crowd in front of us.

"I invite Finn of the Green Elves of the Green Forest into the binding circle with me." She glanced over at me, and I nodded, telling her she'd gotten it exactly right.

"Finn, step to the edge of the circle if you wish to join Becky," I said.

Finn's face was on fire. Except for the fact that he had all his hair and eyebrows back, he looked a lot like he had the day the dragon had sizzled him.

When he reached the edge of the flower ring, with eyes for no one but Becky, I said, "Finn, enter please, with only love in your heart."

When he was centered in the circle, I said, "Face each other and hold hands. Turn so I can see you both equally."

They followed my instructions, staring into each other's eyes, both of them flushed and shaking.

I raised my head to face the crowd, lifting my voice so it would carry across the hundreds of heads I saw before us. "Thank you, gentlefae, for coming to the binding ceremony of Becky and Finn. We ask that you bear witness to their dedication to one another, and do nothing but feed the love that grows in their hearts from now until their departure from the Here and Now." I looked at the couple in front of me. "Becky and Finn ... please repeat after me."

They both nodded nervously at me and then faced one another.

I began my speech, waiting after each line for them to repeat it.

I, Becky and Finn, vow that on this day,

We will be bound to one another.

And that no man, no fae, no beast, nor creature,

Shall come between us or sever this bond,

Not upon penalty of death or other threat of pain

But out of respect for the love that binds us all

The power that ties each of our destinies to that of the other.

I raised my arms up, gesturing to the crowd. "Gentlefae, I ask that you show your enthusiasm for the loving couple. Put your hands together!"

My changeling friends began clapping enthusiastically, cluing the other fae into what was expected of them. Soon the meadow was filled with thunderous applause.

I looked at my two friends. "Becky and Finn, you can smooch now."

Becky threw her arms around Finn's neck and gave him the biggest whopper of a kiss I'd ever seen. The longer it went on, the more exuberant the crowd became. Leaves began to fall gently from the oak over our heads, caressing my arms gently and giving me a small shiver.

Flowers came flying over the heads of the crowd to land in the binding circle. Soon my two friends were covered in colors, surrounded by the love and magic of more than a hundred fae.

Spike came over and pulled me into a warm embrace. "You did a great job, babe. Perfect."

"I like your band. They have potential now that they have the right conductor."

"Yeah. Just wait for my next act. I got some guitars and drums brought in for the reception."

"It's going to be an epic party," I said, smiling so hard I thought my face might crack.

"You said it. Come on ... let's get the happy couple over to the reception hall." Spike took me by the hand and started to lead me away, but then a slight breeze at my back had me stopping to look around.

"You go ahead," I said. "I'll be right there."

I ran to the edge of the forest on the other side of the meadow, following a sense I had that something was happening, something that needed my attention. I passed through the edge of the trees, seeing nothing at first. But then the shimmering began, and three sets of wings attached to three angels appeared before me.

"Hello, Jayne."

"Hello, Shayla. Chase ... Beau. What's up?"

"We've come to pay our respects to the happy couple," she said.

"And to remind you that we are here to watch over you, should the need arise," said Beau.

I looked at Chase. "Anything to add?" It was a challenge, but a friendly one.

"I just wanted to tell you how proud we are of you."

My cheeks turned pink. "Thanks. That means a lot."

"And I wanted to tell you too how happy I am that you accepted Spike's love for you. He's a good man. A good fae," said Chase.

"He is exactly what you need," said Shayla. "Don't ever forget to be grateful for what he has to offer you."

"I won't. I promise. Thanks for stopping by. I'll tell Becky and Finn you said congrats."

The forms of Beau and Shayla began to fade out, but Chase's remained solid.

"What's up?" I asked him, confused about the tortured expression on his face.

"I also came to apologize."

I smiled. "For what?"

"For making your life difficult ... for keeping you from doing what you needed to be doing. It was selfish and unkind, and for that I'm sorry."

I stepped over and rubbed his upper arm. "Stop worrying about that crap. I'm totally happy right now. I'm not pining over you or wishing I could go live in the Overworld. Spike's the guy for me. I know that now."

Chase smiled. "You really are happy."

"Yeah, I really am. Life has a way of working out, even when it seems like there's no way it can."

He nodded. "I've got to go now. I'll see you on the other side?"

"Yep. In a few thousand years."

"Good enough." He slowly faded out to nothing, leaving me alone in the trees. I turned to go, noticing Spike waiting for me at the edge of the meadow.

"Everything cool?" he asked, putting his arm around me and drawing me near.

"Yeah. Everything's awesome. Especially now that I have you."

"So ... uh ... I was wondering ..."

"Yeah?" It was weird, Spike sounding so nervous all of a sudden.

"I kind of have a question for you. It's ... you know ... important."

I laughed. "Out with it, dope. You're making me nervous."

"Okay. Do you think you'd ever want to do that with me ... you know ... what Finn and Becky just did? A binding ceremony?"

I smiled. It was impossible not to. "Hmmm ... I don't know. Maybe."

"Maybe?"

"Yeah. Maybe. If you play your cards right. You know, show me that the foot massages aren't just a passing phase, convince me you'll still love me even when I look like Maggie, stuff like that. Then, maybe ... yeah. I could see that happening."

Spike lifted me up and spun me around in circles. "It's not exactly a yes, but I'll take it anyway!"

I laughed with the joy of it - the strength of Spike's arms around me, the smells of Spring in the air, and the anticipation of being in a circle of flowers one day with the man I loved. I could see it already, a vision coming through my mind and warming my heart as we walked back to join our family - Spike holding my hands in a beautifully-flowered meadow and standing under the oak where my mother had been laid to rest, telling the fae world he wanted to be with me forever.

