CHAPTER ONE

I tried it again.

Tried moving on from her by keeping busy.

But this time was so different, the weight of her absence heavier with the grief of permanence attached.

Still, I tried.

I kept up my newfound social calendar, at first.

I went to Turner's twice a week, to talk and vent. It did help; his company was good for me, but only until I was alone again, with my own thoughts, and this crushing sense of loss.

It was a Tuesday, a few weeks post-letter, and we were drinking coffee while he talked too much (to distract me) and I let him.

He was wearing sweatpants and a red muscle tee with a picture of Tyrion Lannister on it that read ℗imp, his arms tan and bulging big enough to make me want to hit the gym again as soon as I left his house.

"Now you can barely even come to my house," he complained after Candy finally left us alone and went back to her office. She'd been sitting beside me on the couch in front of Turner's desk, trying out more of her blatant come-ons for a solid five minutes.

I brushed them all off without so much as blushing. I was getting used to her.

"You've managed to get Candy f**king crushing on you."

"Me?" I asked, incredulous. "You're going to blame me for that? You're the one that asks her all those hypothetical questions about f**king me."

He looked thoughtful. "You make a good point. From now on, all of my new assistants will be required to prove that they understand the word hypothetical before they get the job."

"Is Candy on her way out already?"

"I think so. She hates her job, and she's terrible at it. I give her two more weeks before she quits."

I just shook my head, laughing.

Not for the first time, he started throwing out theories about what had happened to Iris, and so did I, but we were both writers of fiction, so it was clear, if unspoken, that we shouldn't trust our own far-fetched ideas.

"It's something with the sex trade, I bet. She's owned by some sheikh, and the f**ker in the Jag has been hired to keep track of the property."

I really didn't like that theory.

He'd thrown out several, and I didn't like any of them, but that was definitely my least favorite. In fact, my overactive imagination had painted it into a picture that made me slightly ill before he'd even finished.

So ill that I found myself forming an argument against it.

"That wouldn't make sense. It's something with that guy. He hates me, and I saw her kiss him on the cheek once. And he touched her hair."

"Well, f**k. Maybe she's FBI, CIA, some shit like that. That kick she used on Tammy was pretty badass."

"Maybe. I just got the very distinct impression that whatever she's involved in, she doesn't seem to be a willing participant. It felt like she was running away from it. And she was scared. She admitted that to me. And according to you, she is barely legal, which is too young to be FBI or CIA."

"Not necessarily, but I concede the point. How about she's been forced into a life as a high-priced prostitute, and that blond guy is her pimp?"

"You think she kisses her pimp on the cheek?"

"Stockholm syndrome."

"I'm telling you, it's something personal with him. He hates my guts. I could tell with a look."

"Well, I'm sure he could tell you hate his guts. Can't blame the guy for reciprocating."

"Whose side are you on?"

His bright blue eyes were laughing at me even as he tried to keep a straight face. "Yours. Sheesh. Just trying to find answers, and possibly brainstorming for a new book."

I pointed at him. "Don't you dare write about this."

He grinned like he was planning to do whatever the hell he pleased. He always did.

"Maybe she's involved with the mob. Hey, I know." He snapped his fingers, and his face got animated.

He was way too excited about this.

"Her dad is a mob boss, that blond guy is her bodyguard, and he's in love with her. She left because she doesn't want you getting mixed up with 'the family.' Her dad would probably kill you if he knew about you."

Of course I didn't care for that one bit, but it seemed like as good of a guess as anything else, though that was all that it was. A guess. It was frustrating as all hell, because I was starting to doubt that I would ever get any real answers.

He shook his head, giving me a mock pitying grimace. "And you, you poor bastard, you've fallen for some wild young thing who was only taking her daddy issues out on your enthusiastic cock."

"I have to say, I never thought I'd fall for someone again. Didn't think I had it in me." I saw his raised brows. "Oh stop. You're one to judge.  The notion of being in love and staying in love, the idea that two people can get so wrapped up in each other, and have that be a sustainable feeling, I don't know, I just lost the belief in it somewhere."

"That's f**king depressing, man. What the f**k? And, hello?! It doesn't take a detective to figure out where you lost it."

I blinked at him, waiting for him to continue.

He grinned, clearly about to say something outrageous. "In your ex-wife's stingy, slutty pu**y, is the subtle point I'm trying to portray."

The stunned look on my face seemed to prompt him to add, "You lost your belief in romantic love after twenty years in that bitch's used up snatch."

"That is so f**ked up," I gasped.

I couldn't stop shaking my head and laughing.

The man had no filter, either to his twisted brain or his outrageous mouth.

"Turner, you've got Pepper on line one!" Candy shouted from the other room.

He rolled his eyes. "You want to talk about f**ked up. Here's some f**ked up. Pepper is an old assistant, calls me at least once a week, to tell me that I lost out when I ended things with her. I shit you not, she'd lecture me for hours, every week, if I let her. Watch this."

He put the phone to his ear, listened for a few beats, then said, "Candy could use some of your advice. Want to talk to her?" He put his hand over the mouthpiece, yelling, "Candy! Pepper on line one for you!"

Candy let out an undignified screech in the other room. "You f**ker!" she shouted, but then, mere seconds later, I could hear her talking on the phone to what I could only assume was Pepper.

Turner was grinning. "Works every time. Women love to turn on each other."

"Pepper? Why's she called Pepper?" I asked.

"Trust me on this: You don't want to know."

I did trust him on that. Ironically, I'd come to trust him about a good number of things.

Turner had turned out to be a good friend to me, and he was always a great distraction, but as soon as I was alone again, I went back to obsessing about Iris.

How could you be in love with a person you didn't really know? Someone that had fed you nothing but lies?

Someone you knew with certainty you couldn't trust?

I was of two minds on the subject, one telling me you couldn't, or at the very least, that it was an idiotic thing to do.

The other was unmindful of logic, uncaring of consequences, so long as I could have the thing I needed.

The woman I needed.

And this train of thought was beyond useless, because in the end, everything was out of my control, including my own heart.

CHAPTER TWO

FIVE WEEKS LATER

I was just getting home from the gym when I got an unexpected call from the photographer, Lourdes. I didn't have anything scheduled with her, so I knew it was a social call.

We chatted amiably for a bit, and I found myself asking her out for a cup of coffee the next day. The question just sort of came out, and she accepted, her tone warm and friendly.

After I hung up, I wondered what the hell was wrong with me.

But I didn't cancel, and I found myself meeting her the next afternoon.

We talked for hours.

We had so much in common. On paper, we'd be perfect together.

Also, she was a knockout in every sense of the word. Just stunning.

She had natural, tan golden skin and dark, mysterious eyes that were alluring and exotic. I remembered her mentioning something to me a while back about being half Spanish, half French, and she favored the former, looks-wise.

She had a slight accent that I couldn't quite place, and that she said was mixed, because she'd done so much traveling and living abroad. It gave everything she said a sultry vibe.

She was a year older than I was, but her face was unlined. She was one of those ageless women that drove other women crazy.

Needless to say, Tammy had always hated when I did photo shoots with her.

She wore a white sundress with a wide collar and flirty hem that showed off her tan cle**age and legs to perfection.

She was a gym devotee, like myself, and it showed in every lithe, toned inch of her. She didn't overdo it, though, managing to keep her feminine curves, along with the muscles.

We even used the same gym, though she went at night, and I preferred the morning. We talked about working out together sometime, but both of us knew that if we did, it wouldn't be a regular occurrence.

You didn't mess with someone's workout schedule.

The very idea was sacrilege, we joked.

I'd been a developing a real, honest to God adult crush on her before Iris had come along and scrambled all sense out of my brain.

Now I found that, no matter how good Lourdes and I were on paper, I just couldn't see myself getting romantically involved with anyone any time in the near future.

Regardless of the absence of its desire, my heart was already involved elsewhere.

"How are your boys?" I asked her.

She had two sons, the oldest twenty, the youngest eighteen. They were her pride and joy, and she smiled fondly at the question.

"Very good, in general. Both are attending UNLV, though my youngest, Gustave, isn't sure what he wants to study. That's normal, though, right, for a freshman?"

I wasn't the one to ask about that, as I'd known that I wanted to be an author since I was six years old, but I figured she wanted a general answer, as opposed to a specific one. "Completely normal, I'm sure. Are they talking to their dad yet?"

She'd shared with me before that her sons hadn't spoken to their father since she'd separated from him, well over a year ago.

She bit her lip and shook her head. "No. They're holding firm. Both of them swear they never want to see him again. I'm not sure what to do about it. I can't stand my ex-husband, but I've never spoken a bad word about him to them. Not one harsh word. In fact, they only heard why we were getting divorced because of him, and he told them about it because he was trying to turn them against me. My oldest, Rafael, beat the shit out of him for it."

I blinked. This was the first time I'd heard about that part of it. I knew her ex had cheated on her, knew we had that in common, but she'd never given me specifics. "Why would he use him cheating as a way to turn them against you?"

She flushed, suddenly looking extremely uncomfortable. "I don't want to tell you. You'll think I'm a psycho."

Of course that had me twice as intrigued. "Well, now you have to tell me."

"Promise you won't judge me?" she asked, chewing on her lush lower lip.

"Promise. I told you about my ex-wife deep throating her new fiance in my entryway story, so it's only fair."

She grimaced. "That's true. But you didn't go crazy on her when you saw it, right?"

"I didn't. I left for a few days, then came back, kicked her out of my house, and filed for divorce."

"That's a perfectly reasonable response. Mine wasn't that. Not even close."

She paused, and I just kept watching her expectantly.

"Well, first I should mention that it was Valentine's Day when I caught him."

"What an ass," I put in.

"Yes. What an ass. He butt dialed me on Valentine's Day, right as he happened to be screwing my ex-best friend. I heard it all, recognized his voice and hers, calling each other by name, caught all of the noises. Everything. Sadly, it was a very good connection."

"Wow," I mouthed.

"Yeah. Wow. So he comes home, a bit later, acting like nothing happened, like he'd done it a hundred times, which I'm sure he had. He came into the house and went straight to the shower, which, after I thought about it, he'd done a lot over the years."

I grimaced, wondering how many times Tammy must have cheated on me before I had a clue.

"So I grabbed the Fabuloso and sprayed it all over the smooth marble of the bathroom floor."

I bit my lips to keep from smiling.

She nodded, seeing that I knew where this was going. "Yes. He stepped out of the shower and went flying, cracked his head on the counter, and ended up on his ass on the floor, naked. That's when I took a belt to him, buckle first."

She nodded again when she saw my eyes widen. "Yes, I know. Psycho move. I beat the shit out of him, then kicked him out of my house, naked. At least neither of the boys were around, so they didn't know until he told them."

I started laughing.

"And then your oldest beat him up."

"Yeah. Took him to town. Got his ass kicked twice, once by a girl, the other by his own son, and then I divorced him. You think I'm psycho now, don't you?"

I managed to stop laughing, but couldn't keep the smile off my face. I didn't think she was psycho, not even remotely. In fact, I thought it was pretty awesome. "No. I think you're a hero to women everywhere. Any man that does that to the mother of his children should have much worse done to him. There should be consequences to breaking those kinds of promises."

"I agree. And so do my sons, apparently. Though they were never close to him. He wasn't exactly an attentive father. He missed every school function, every one of their games, but managed to never miss a football game on TV. I exhausted myself trying to get him to take in an interest in our boys, but he just wasn't that kind of a father. I think that makes it easier for them to close him out so completely."

"Maybe they just need more time."

"That's what I'm hoping, though they're both grown men now, so I have no say in it. That's something they have to decide for themselves. My ex calls me every few weeks, bitching that I'm putting them up to it. What am I supposed to do? They're stubborn. They make up their minds and it's not something I can change."

"I think it's good that they're that appalled by his behavior. I think it means you raised good young men. Principled men. Why should they forgive the man who did that to their mother?"

"Because he's their father."

I shrugged. "That's his fight. You just keep being the mother you need to be, and let them fight their own battles."

"That's a good way to look at it. I need to block my ex-husband's number."

"I did that with Tammy. Then she started showing up at my house."

"She still do that?"

"Not for a while, thank God."

"Well, that's progress, at least. Gives me some hope for my own situation."

We really had so much in common. It was a pity I was so obsessed with Iris that I couldn't see or even think straight.

When we were finished, I walked her to her car. It was a silver Tesla (See what I mean? So much in common!)

She hugged me lightly, one brief press of our bodies, and kissed me on both cheeks. We said a friendly goodbye, and I casually mentioned calling her later.

I watched her drive away.

My brows drew together as I noticed a dark sedan filing in behind her. The windows were darkly tinted (illegally so) but I could swear I made out the shape of a big man with blond hair behind the wheel.

I was well aware of my overactive writer's imagination, so I quickly shook off the thought.

It simply made no sense.

I sat in my car for a good long while afterwards and tried to analyze what I was feeling.

Disappointment.

But why? What had I expected?

The answer didn't come easy, and when it did, I felt like even more of a fool.

I'd expected to see her. To see Iris. In some corner of my mind, I'd done the whole thing in some hope that going out with another woman would draw her out, if she were anywhere to be drawn.

Basically, I'd spent the afternoon setting myself up for a letdown and dragging someone else along for the ride.

CHAPTER THREE

I pulled back into my drive with a sense of relief. I'd only been gone a week, but a week with my parents over the holidays was more than I wanted to deal with.

A week of pretending I was okay, that everything was normal, that it was the divorce that had me acting like a robot; asocial, going through the motions, quiet and stuck in my own head unless directly addressed.

But of course it wasn't the divorce. I hardly thought of that anymore.

It was Iris. Or rather, the lack of Iris.

My parents had fallen back on protocol, making polite small talk. They were civilized and well-bred to a fault. They may have been worried, but they'd never pry. Even as a child, they'd always given me my space, to a fault, sometimes.

It worked out for the best. There was nothing I wanted to talk to them about.

But the not talking had me thinking more. And thinking was not a good thing for me to do just then.

Iris had been gone two months and counting.

It had been a rough two months.

Two months of longing and mourning.

Two months of denying and grieving.

How perverse was it to realize just how in love you were with a near stranger only after finding out that she was gone forever? Possibly dead. Probably dead.

I could recite that cryptic last letter of hers by heart, and still, I wasn't sure how to decipher its true meaning.

I wouldn't be seeing her again.

Even after reading that letter a hundred times, I had to keep reminding myself of that.

She'd clearly been in some kind of serious trouble, but she'd never let me close enough to help her with it.

I was certain I could have kept her safe. That was the part I thought about the most-the what ifs.

What if she'd let me help her? What if she'd stayed close and let me keep her safe?

The letter had clearly implied that if I was receiving it she was likely dead, but I just couldn't seem to accept it.

And as for moving on, I hadn't been doing a bit of that. Instead, I'd been dwelling and obsessing, dreaming and fantasizing.

I'd started writing everything about her down.

I didn't want to forget a thing about her. Not one tiny detail.

The color of her hair. The depth of her eyes. The stubborn shape of her jaw. The way her lips shaped words with such expression.

The way she listened like she cared about every word and gave advice beyond her years.

The way she made me feel-Alive.

Every curve and hollow of her body was recorded, in my mind and now my hard drive.

There was a bit of truth in every lie, and even if it had only been fed to me in the smallest increments, I wanted, needed to remember the real Iris.

I put my car in park and turned it off, sitting there for a time, summoning up the energy to get out.

I unloaded my car. Two small suitcases, very tidy, like my life used to be.

Now it was a sham, but I spent a lot of time and energy going through the motions, keeping everything in order.

In my mind, though, chaos reigned.

Before visiting my parents, I'd taken to making a grueling daily schedule for myself, without a minute of idle time, and even while traveling, it never let up. I needed to jump right back into that.

If I allowed myself to indulge my feelings, such as they were, I'd take to my bed and never get up.

I entered the house via the laundry room. I was heading straight to my bedroom, but was stopped in my tracks one step into the living room.

I had company.

Unwelcome company.

"You," I breathed, suitcases dropping from both hands and hitting the ground with two loud, echoing thuds.

"Me," he agreed.

The f**ker in the Jaguar.

In my house.

"How did you get in here?"

He smiled a less than friendly smile. "Is that really the question you want to ask me?"

It felt like a tight hand squeezed my chest. "What happened to her?"

His mouth twisted bitterly. "Do you even care?"

I was trembling, I wanted to hit him so bad.

Was this the man responsible for my Iris going missing? What had he done to her?

I tried my best to hold onto my temper. "Yes. Yes, I care." I swallowed hard, having to force the next part out. "Please, I'm begging you. Tell me what happened to her."

He shook his head. "I can't do that," he said, and I lost it, charging him where he sat, my fist slamming into his stomach twice before he could react.

Theoretically, I knew how to fight, but I'd never used those skills in a serious fashion on a real target.

It was much harder when it was real, and this f**ker obviously knew what he was doing.

He moved so fast I was in a headlock before I realized he was moving. I slammed my elbow back into him hard, again and again, rage giving me strength, and an inability to feel any of the damage being inflicted on me.

He squeezed my neck tighter and tighter, until I felt my vision getting fuzzy, my limbs going slack.

"You think this will help her?" he growled into my ear. "You think fighting me will get you even one step closer to finding out what happened to her?"

I shook my head, and began a fresh bout of struggling out of his hold. Finally, an elbow to his groin had him releasing me with a curse.

"You said help her?" I gasped, staggering back.

I'd latched onto that part fast. "Is she okay? Is she ... alive?"

He shook his head, and it took everything in me to keep from charging at him again. "I can't tell you anything. I have to show you. If you really care about her, you'll come with me, no questions asked."

I didn't hesitate. "Fine. Let's go."

"Leave your phone behind. I'm driving."

I took my phone out of my pocket, tossing it on the sofa. "Where's your car?"

"Just outside of the security gate. You'll sit in the back. I can't have you seeing where we're going. And I need to pat you down first."

I let him, holding my arms out, thinking of taking his thick neck in my hands the entire time.

He straightened in front of me when he was done, and grinned, though his pale eyes stayed cold. Bastard was enjoying my antipathy. He was young, mid-twenties, if I had to guess, but something in his eyes told me he'd seen and done things I'd only ever written about.

The f**ker was tall, maybe an inch taller than I was. And bigger than I'd realized, muscular and broad shouldered. Probably outweighed me by fifteen pounds.

I really hated that.

It was a bit of a walk, and as I followed him, watching his back with gimlet eyes, I couldn't help but poke at him. "You know she loves me, right? I don't know what you have over her, but it's me she wants. Me she belongs to. I've staked my claim on every last inch of her."

He didn't say a word, just turned on his heel and punched me square in the jaw.

I staggered back, but recovered with a mean left hook aimed right for his teeth.

He ducked, and I caught him in the right temple.

"Shut the f**k up!" he roared, blond hair falling into his crazed eyes, fists clenched, looking like he wanted to come at me again. "You talk about her like that again, and I will f**king end you, you understand? And I sure as f**k won't give you any answers."

I didn't speak, just nodded at him to keep walking.

I didn't have one single, civilized word to say to him, so it was best to stay silent.

I had more than a few reservations about getting into the back of a van with no windows, driven by a man that hated me, but I barely paused before climbing in.

I knew it was possibly the stupidest thing I'd ever done, but what choice did I have?

If there was even a chance I could find out what had happened to her, I had to take it.

There wasn't even a seat in back, and the compartment was completely blocked off from the driver's cabin.

I had essentially walked into a moving cage.

He started driving just as I sat. He was a maniac of a driver, turning corners hard enough to send me sliding across the floor, accelerating so fast that I slammed into the back door.

And it wasn't a short drive.

I didn't have any way to keep track of time, but it must have been hours before he started to slow, then turn sharply, then stop.

I had plenty of time to wish I hadn't worn a suit to travel from my parents' home. It was a habit, though, with them. No jeans for the Masters, no. And whenever I went home, I had to pretend to be one of them, though in reality, I spent most of my time in sweats in front of a laptop.

I loosened, and finally removed my tie, undoing the top three buttons of my white dress shirt, and taking off my dark gray jacket.

"How long have we been driving?" I asked when he opened the back doors to glare at me.

"I'm not going tell you that, and don't bother trying to figure it out. The less you know the better. We aren't there yet, anyway. Just a pit stop."

He tossed me a bottle of water. "Drink up."

I caught the water. He shut the door again.

It had been roughly three in the afternoon when we'd left, and the sun was beginning to set now. Roughly four hours of driving so far, I guessed.

More time passed. Lots of time.

All the while, my mind raced.

I slept propped against the side of the van for a bit, my jacked held against my temple as the most useless pillow in history.

Even sleeping, I dreamt of Iris.

Where were we going? There was no way of telling, but when I'd been counting turns at the beginning, with some notion of where we were, I thought we'd headed east out of town.

In my mind, we were somewhere deep in Utah by now, but again, that was the vaguest of guesses.

The van careening to a stop again woke me, and when the back doors opened, it was to darkness.

He tossed me another bottle of water and a protein bar, told me to shut up before I spoke, and shut the doors again.

More driving. More sleep. The doors opened this time it was to the bright morning light.

"Get yourself presentable again. Wouldn't want you looking like a slob for this. After that, turn around and back up to me. You want to do this, you're going to let me blindfold you. I don't need you picking out any f**king details."

I scraped a hand through my hair, smoothing it back, then set to work on the buttons of my collar, watching him to see if he was serious about the making myself presentable part.

"Put your tie and jacket back on," he ordered me.

I did what he said, vividly imagining doing him bodily harm all the while.

I backed up to him on my knees.

"I need to pee," I told him.

He slid a cloth bag over my head and clicked handcuffs tight onto my wrists.

"In a minute. Unless you prefer to piss on a tire, there's an actual restroom close by."

I hoped he meant that minute part literally.

Logically, I knew I should be worried, and I was, to an extent. But the feeling that ruled me just then was anticipation, because finally I would get some answers, and it was much more powerful than any concern I felt for myself.

What was in store for me here? What would I learn, and could I live with the answers? And, if the worst had happened, did I really want to know?

He gripped the back of my upper arm and led me across gravel and onto a sidewalk, from the sun into the shade.

I heard him working a key into a lock and then he barked at me to step inside.

"Use the bathroom, and then stay put. You take a step out of this room, you'll regret it."

He undid my cuffs, and I heard the door slam shut behind me.

I pulled the bag off my head, glancing around.

It was an old, musky hotel room. I headed straight for the bathroom, used it, and explored, peeking out the window, which was frosted over and apparently bolted shut.

The whole setup was creepy in the extreme. Just the type of place someone would take you to finish you off.

I checked my appearance in the mirror, and thought I was turned out rather well, all things considered. Suit only marginally wrinkled, hair disheveled, but not more than usual. Eyes only slightly bloodshot, but not terribly so. Slight bruise on my jaw, but nothing too gruesome.

The room didn't have a phone, but it did have an alarm clock that read ten minutes past seven.

There was an ancient TV centered between the two double beds, and after waiting thirty minutes, I switched it on. Turned out, it actually had a good lineup of channels.

I wound up watching one of the reality shows Iris used to love. It was called My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding, and it was atrocious.

Sadly, how bad it was just made me miss her more.

Around an hour after I'd been left in the room, the door opened. That blond son of a bitch poked his head in, customary glare in place.

"Turn that shit off," he growled, then shut the door again.

I heard his voice faintly outside again not a minute later, though by his even, non-hostile tone, he clearly wasn't talking to me.

"Brought you something," he was saying.

There was a long pause, then a quieter, fainter voice responding softly.

Something about that voice had me standing, breath growing short, heart skipping beats.

"Go inside and see," the bastard responded.

I watched the door, body drawn taut in anticipation.

Hands clammy and shaking with it.

Finally, mercifully, it opened. It creaked wide slowly, and the sight that filled it nearly brought me to my knees.

"Iris," I breathed.

There stood Iris.

She looked different.

Wearing gray sweats and thick framed glasses, her blonde hair braided thick to one side and draped on her shoulder. Her face was clean of makeup, and as beautiful as ever.

She looked about fifteen, dressed like that. It was a perturbing development, but overshadowed completely by the burst of sheer joy in my chest at the sight of her.

She was whole and alive. Safe and sound.

Ironically, she seemed even more shocked to see me, her hands covering her mouth as she gasped.

"Dair," she sobbed, then rushed forward, throwing herself into my arms.

They were ready for her. I caught her to me, holding her tight, my face buried in her hair.

She tipped her face up to me, eyes closed, glasses askew, her whole body shaking, and threw her arms around my neck.

I lifted her, and she wrapped her legs about my hips.

I lowered my mouth to touch her trembling lips.

"Jesus, can you not do that in front of me?" the bastard growled. "You're already making me regret this."

With that, he slammed the door, and I heard when he drove the outside bolt home.

I had no notion why, but he'd locked us in together.

CHAPTER FOUR

I took a ragged breath in and an unsteady step back, sitting on the bed.

I pulled her between my legs, pushing her baggy sweatshirt up to expose her taut naval, then up higher, to her ribs just beneath her br**sts.

Her sweats hit low on her hips, and one glance at her emaciated torso (and my very precise memory of her body) told me she'd lost some weight.

I was troubled by this, but I didn't ask about it.

I wasn't sure I was prepared to hear the answer. I knew it wouldn't be good.

I buried my face against her warm belly, breathing in her sweet, familiar scent.

I'm not sure exactly what I would have done (likely fallen on her and started f**king like an animal) if she weren't crying, and trembling so, and clutching me to her like she'd never thought to see me again.

And chanting my name, again and again, like it was her own personal prayer.

Inside of every man existed two natures, and never had my own dual temperaments been more apparent than they were then.

I felt equal parts tenderness and hunger.

Love and base desire.

Relief and frustration.

I pulled her on the bed, spread her out on her back, and got on top of her, head on her chest, hard, of course, ravenous, of course, but I didn't act on it, not for a long time.

Instead, I held her.

It began slowly, carefully, the touching. Just feather light ones-at first. My hands moved along her hips, up her sides, squeezing lightly, feeling tenderly.

A remembering touch, as it sank into my mind and body that she was here, in my arms again.

I lifted and bent her leg around me, stroking the long length of it, my cheek on her breast, ear to her heart. I stayed glued there while my hands wandered, reacquainting themselves with every lithe, lush bit of her.

She was like a cat; she loved to be touched. She arched into my hands as I stroked her from head to toe.

"Are you okay?" I asked her, one hand rubbing soft circles into the tender skin behind her knee. "Has that bastard ... hurt you?"

She gasped deeply once, then let out a trembling breath.

I glanced up and watched as she carefully took off her glasses and set them on the nightstand.

Something about those glasses tickled some agitated part of my brain, but I was too distracted just then to pin it down or even focus fully on worrying about it.

"No, Dair," she sighed. "He hasn't hurt me. But we cannot talk about him. We can't talk about any of this, not if you ever want to leave here."

"Shh. It's okay now. We're both leaving here, and soon. I'll find a way."

"Oh, Dair," she whispered, her voice equal parts affectionate and exasperated. "I wish it were that simple."

"It is. I'm taking you home."

"Do you even know where we are?"

"No. Do you?"

She shook her head, eyes wide, lips parted in an invitation I was finding harder to resist by the second.

"Don't worry, honey," I whispered, leaning down to kiss her. "I've got you."

The kiss was hot and wild, her soft lips giving but somehow that just meant they took more. Like my willpower. They swiped that clean away from me.

I groaned, thrusting my tongue into her mouth, taking, pillaging, seeking what I could get while she was here, with me, before she left again and took yet another piece of me with her.

I pulled back from her, gazing with heavy lids at her mouth. Her lips were swollen.

The sight drove me wild.

I wanted to come inside of her right that instant. I ached with it.

I rubbed my stubble over her pulpy bruised lips, along her jaw, down her straining neck.

I fingered her messy braid, then set to work tugging it loose, running my hands through it, in it, massaging her scalp until she went limp.

I lavished my soft, adoring attention on her, head to toe, still fully clothed, repenting with tenderness for what was to come, because I knew it wouldn't be, couldn't be, anything approaching tender when we came together this first time.

After I'd finished kissing each one of her adorable toes, I moved back up her body to fondle her pillowy br**sts, skimming my fingertips over her sensitive ni**les, filling my palms with her until she was panting as she arched her back.

I pushed her sweatshirt up to her collar, palming her bare, her coral crests swelling into my hands.

I took my mouth to them, rubbing my lips so lightly along her skin that she was begging me to suck her. I tongued a straining nipple, drawing it hard into my mouth, gentling to suckle softly, then sucking hard again.

She began to chant my name.

I may as well have died and gone to heaven.

I moved down her body and pulled her sweats down, taking her panties with them.

I couldn't help it, as I moved back up, I stopped at her sex and started lapping.

She gripped my hair, digging her heels into the bed to push my tongue deeper. I filled my palms with her ass and went to town.

I wasn't timing it, but even so, I was certain that she came in less than a minute, the room filling with her loud cries, and I pulled back with a gasp, straightening to loom over her.

I started to lift off her sweatshirt, but she stayed my hands, keeping her arms in the sleeves.

I didn't care. I had access and a visual on everything I needed. And I was too desperate to take even one more delay.

I gripped the bottom of her thighs, pushing them high as I nudged my c**k at her slick entrance.

When my tip was in, I shoved, propelling myself deep, seeking the very center of her with every aching nerve in my body.

It'd been so long. Too long with nothing but my hand and only the thought of her for relief.

Going from so little to everything, every single sinful inch of her, all at once, a squeezing vise around me, was almost too much.

I held onto the most meager ounce of control at first, but only barely and not for long.

Holding her steady, I put her ankles on my shoulders, and pounded deep, deep, deeper until her body was writhing.

I stopped on an upswing. One of her cries had been a touch beyond frantic and into panicked.

"Too much, Iris?"

She didn't answer. Even her chanting had stopped. She just lay shaking under me.

I could have used an answer.

Without one, I reverted back to a mouth-breather, panting while I held her in place and worked my hard length in and out, rough and steady.

I watched my c**k pull out of her, then force back in, my brutal thrusts becoming heavy and jagged in an effort to keep from increasing my pace.

I tried my best, but she wasn't with me when I bottomed out and spilled deep inside of her.

I pulled out, and she writhed, unfulfilled as though she hadn't come just minutes before under my tongue.

I didn't even require recovery time. I was still twitching from the last round, and it already felt like I needed her again.

I flipped her onto her stomach, and held her in place with my open palms, my mouth moving up her back, along her spine.

I tried to push her sweatshirt up out of my way, just below her shoulder blades, but she tucked her arms and kept it in place.

Even in a nearly mindless state, this gave me pause.

What on earth could she be trying to hide from me?

I had no notion what it could be, but I was bound and determined to find out.

"Get on your hands and knees," I ordered, voice roughened with need.

With trembling gasps she complied.

I came up close behind her, my burgeoning erection digging into her ass.

She bowed her spine, swinging her h*ps to push her ass back against me.

Without warning, and swiftly, I bent forward, pushing her sweatshirt up and over her head, so her back was completely bared to me. She didn't have time to stop me, that time.

I saw it right away, the discoloration of it catching my eye.

It froze me for an endless moment, then my heart started pounding frantically.

Just on the edge of her shoulder, about the size of a dime, was a healed over pink wound. I knew what it was because it matched the one on her shoulder to a tee.

It was a gunshot wound.

Another one, a fresher one. It had to be just a few months old.

My teeth clenched, my pounding heart doing a slow, torturous roll inside my chest.

"You were shot again?" I asked raggedly, though the answer was obvious.

She'd stiffened up, clearly bracing herself for my reaction.

"A flesh wound," she said quietly, trying and failing to keep her trembling voice calm.

"Who shot you?"

"I didn't get a good look at the guy."

That was a frustrating answer, but I moved past it, as something else occurred to me. "That letter ... did you write that to me before or after this happened?" It seemed like an important piece of the puzzle, my mind racing with all of the possible ramifications.

"Before."

I covered her back, embracing her firmly from behind, my mouth working at her ear as I spoke, "So you knew it was coming? You knew that someone was actively trying to kill you? And instead of coming to me for help, you wrote me a letter?"

She took a very deep breath that moved both of our bodies. "Yes. I'm sorry, but this is another thing I can't explain to you."

"And then you were shot, so now you're being held here?" Rage filled me as another idea occurred. "Did that blond motherfucker have anything to do with you being shot?"

Her ear moved against my mouth as she shook her head slowly. "No, Dair. Heath has something to do with me being alive right now. You know I can't give you the details, but trust me when I say that he's as deep in this mess as I am. I was grazed on the shoulder, but he took two bullets for me that time, or it would have been much worse."

I didn't know what to make of that.

It was a kick in the teeth to feel indebted to a guy that you hated on sight.

"Heath, huh," was all I said, holding still over her for the longest time as I tried to piece together these rare puzzle pieces I'd been made privy to.

Iris started moving against me, working her back against my front in a way that distracted even me at my most focused.

I didn't budge, didn't encourage her, but it made no difference. I was already right where she wanted me, braced over her, my fists digging into the hard mattress on either side of her.

She arched and writhed until she'd found my throbbing c**k with her slick entrance.

I held perfectly still as she manipulated my hard length inside of her.

She worked me with her swinging hips, until I'd not only forgotten where we were at in our conversation, but also my own name.

Or I would have, if she didn't keep calling it out, her voice getting more frantic as she got close to the brink.

I was close to the edge myself when she started squeezing me harder and moaning out her release.

With a curse, I reared up, straightening behind her.

I grabbed her h*ps and started slamming my way home roughly.

She'd collapsed onto her stomach, and I'd followed her down, still inside of her, when she spoke.

"I don't want to sleep. I don't want to miss a second of this. I know Heath won't let you stay long."

I'd been about a second away from passing out cold, but her words woke me right up.

"Fuck Heath," I growled. "I'm not leaving without you. You're coming home with me."

CHAPTER FIVE

It was some time later. We'd showered together, then laid back down on the bed, naked, limbs entangled, when I asked, "Why on earth did he bring me here? It makes no sense. He's clearly bothered by us being together. What is he to you?"

"I can't tell you that. Are you upset that he did?"

"No. Of course not. That's about the only thing I'm not upset about."

"I'm sorry I can't give you any answers. I know you don't understand why."

"You know what? You telling me that you can't answer is better than all of the lies."

She pulled back to look me in the eye, nodding solemnly. "I can understand that. I'll try my best to level with you from here on out."

"It's just that easy, huh?"

"I don't know. It's going to be an adjustment for me."

"Clearly," I said wryly. "Why don't we give you a little practice? How about I try asking you a question, and you actually try giving me an honest answer?"

She looked vaguely uncomfortable at the notion, but she replied with, "Okay. I'll give you one, if it's something I can answer."

The perfect one came to mind instantly. "How old are you?"

She grimaced. It was adorable, and alarming. "You won't be happy when I tell you."

"Happier than I am right now, with you saying a thing like that. Tell me."

She took a very deep breath. "Almost nineteen."

I felt vaguely ill. It was too young, still legal, but way beyond my comfort zone.

"What does almost mean? So you're eighteen?"

"Yes."

"And when is your birthday?"

"In around six months."

"That's not almost. Wait, do I even want to know ... how old were you when we first ... ?"

"Eighteen. I knew you were going to ask that."

Why was twenty-four so much more palatable than eighteen?

After I must have been sitting quietly for a while, mind reeling, basically beating myself up, she spoke again, sounding troubled. "I knew you'd react like this. That's why I didn't tell you."

"Didn't tell me? Is that what you're going to call it? You flat out lied about it, even provided proof for the lie."

She opened her mouth as though to speak, then closed it again, staying silent. She just stared at me while I stewed about how ridiculously, uncomprehendingly young she was.

"You realize I'm more than twice your age," I pointed out, finally breaking a long silence.

"Barely. And this is why I lied about it. I knew you'd overreact. You're already making me rethink this not lying idea."

"Clearly you need more practice at it. Let's try another one. Am I older than your dad?"

"No. You're quite a bit younger. Does that make you feel any better?"

"Not particularly."

"You need to go back with Heath in the morning." She was blatantly changing the subject.

She knew well how to work me, because it worked.

"No. I won't leave you here. Not possible."

"Don't rile him." She traced the bruise on my jaw, her eyes troubled. "He's a very dangerous man. You have to go back without me."

I studied her, wondering if she really didn't understand me that well. Sometimes it felt like she knew me better than I knew myself, so it was certainly a new (and demoralizing) notion.

Even as I had the thought, I caught a glint in her eyes, a flash of genuine worry that righted the world back onto its axis and had me breathing easier.

Her understanding me was one of the few things about Iris that I'd always been certain of, and I'd have been crushed if even that were a lie.

Her concern told me it was not.

"You know I can't do that," I told her gently.

The concern turned to something akin to panic. "He's armed, and he has a terrible temper, and he hates you. Also, he has backup. Lots of it. There's no way you can take him on. You understand that, don't you?"

I took a very deep breath. I'd never considered myself to be particularly brave. In fact, I'd never much considered it at all, but I knew that I'd do whatever I needed to, regardless of the risk, to get Iris out of this mess.

"Please, Dair, please. I'm begging you here. Please, just do what he says. I'd never be able to live with myself if you got hurt in all of this."

"You and I have different priorities, but I think you know that. I'm much more concerned about you not getting hurt."

"There's nothing you can do about what happens to me. I wish you could see that. But dragging you into it, getting you hurt, that can be prevented. You don't have to get involved."

That had my hackles rising. "I don't have to? How about this: I am involved. What did you think would happen? You pursued me. You gave yourself to me. You made me care about you, and I can't stand by while you're in danger, held captive here for God only knows what reason, and do nothing!"

Her jaw was set stubbornly, her eyes growing blank in a way I was beginning to dread.

It set me off.

"It wasn't a rhetorical question," I raged. "Answer me. What did you think would happen?"

Her tone was expressionless when she answered, but for once, I felt like she was giving me the truth. "I didn't mean for it to get this far. For us to get this far. I just wanted a bit of you, enough to keep me going, but I never thought it would turn into this. Despite all of my better sense, I couldn't keep away from you once I started."

I focused on the strangest part of what she'd said, the piece that made no sense to me. "A bit of me? How did you ever even notice me, let alone decide to come after me as aggressively as you did."

She shook her head, the corner of her mouth raising a bit into a wry smile. "You'll never get it. You don't see yourself clearly, not at all. I do. You were just too appealing for me to resist, in so many ways."

"So that's it, you spotted me at the gym and decided I was just too hot to resist? Does this happen often?"

She flushed. "Don't. Don't do that. And I didn't spot you at the gym. Nothing was random about us. I knew you'd be there and I sought you out."

I blinked rapidly, hating that every answer she gave me that felt like it could be remotely close to the truth only made me feel like I knew less than I ever had. "Care to explain any of that?"

She opened her mouth (as though she was actually going to answer!) when the loud sound of the bolt being thrown outside made her pause.

I barely had time to throw a sheet over the essentials before the door was opening, Heath taking a step inside.

He started cursing when he set eyes on us. "What the f**k? I'm closing this door, and when I open it back up, she better be decent, and you better have your pants back on. You have exactly three minutes."

He stepped back, slamming the door hard.

We obeyed him, because I didn't particularly want to deal with him without pants on, and I certainly didn't want him seeing Iris naked.

In what I assumed was exactly three minutes later, the door opened again.

We were sitting on the edge of the bed, side by side, holding hands.

Heath glared. "Dinner time. On your knees, facing the wall, Masters."

I obeyed, tensing when I heard a gun cocking behind me.

I heard Iris gasp and cry out, "Heath, please don't-"

"I won't hurt him unless he tries something stupid." He told her, voice soothing. It changed suddenly, going back to hostile. "Hold still if you enjoy keeping your head on your shoulders, Masters."

A long pause, then, back to his soothing voice, "Just go into the bathroom while we bring the food in. You giving me that look is not helping the situation."

A door slammed (the bathroom, I assumed).

For a few minutes there was no noise except for some rustling behind me, then the squeaking sound of what I assumed was some sort of a cart being wheeled in, chairs being moved, then, "All right, Masters, I'm coming back for this in exactly one hour. When I knock on the door again, you'd better still have your f**king pants on."

"Can I turn around now?" I asked him, my tone wry.

"Go ahead."

I turned my head, taking in the situation with a few confused blinks.

A makeshift table for two had been set up for us on a meal cart, with a white tablecloth, and what even looked like decent food.

Heath hovered in the door. I'd clearly heard the sound of at least two men setting this up, though they hadn't spoken.

They were gone now.

All of this was beyond bizarre. Why had he brought me here, and why the hell had he set up what looked like a romantic dinner for Iris and me?

"One hour," Heath repeated, backing out of the door.

"Wait," I said.

"What?" he snapped.

"Thank you for taking bullets for her," I told him, finding the words very hard to get out. "And for bringing me to her."

"I didn't do any of it for you. If you weren't reading the subtle signs, I f**king hate you. I did it for her. Now eat your dinner, and keep your f**king pants on."

With that neat little tirade, he slammed the door shut, then bolted it.

CHAPTER SIX

I hadn't even gotten up from the floor when Iris came back out of the bathroom.

She seemed just as confused about the dinner setup as I was.

"Why?" I asked her as I got up from the floor.

She shrugged. "Who knows why Heath does the things he does? I learned a long time ago not to even try to understand it."

I didn't like the sound of that.

"How long have you been mixed up with this guy?" I asked as I pulled out her chair, seating her at the table.

She sent me one of her looks, like I should know better than to ask. "I can't tell you that."

Well, at least she hadn't lied.

I sat down, taking in the table setting. It didn't fit our surroundings at all, in fact, was way too nice for a dump like this. The hotel was cheapness personified, whereas the silverware and plates looked like something my mother would use at a formal dinner. Like so many things going on here, it made no sense.

"How long have you been staying in this dump?" I asked her.

She just shook her head, looking down at her plate.

I hadn't figured she'd answer that one, either.

The food was decent. In fact, it was actually quite good, flavorful beef ravioli in a rich cream sauce, with a full basket of garlic bread that had me reaching for seconds, and then thirds.

"At least they're feeding you well," I told her, studying her as she ate like she was starved. "Why are you losing weight?"

She grimaced slightly, then kept eating.

I set down my fork, jaw clenched so hard it ached. "Was it because of your injury?"

Finally she looked up at me. "That was probably it. I'm eating fine now. I'll gain the weight back in no time."

She caught my tense expression, returning it with her own. "You're not allowed to start treating me like a child now, just because I'm younger than you thought I was."

That was so out of line that I went back to eating just so I wouldn't say something I'd regret later.

"We shouldn't fight. We only have a few more hours together," she said quietly.

I set my fork and knife down again. "Stop saying that, and get it through your stubborn head that I'm not leaving you here."

"You don't have a choice. Neither of us do."

"There are always choices," I said, tone ominous. I'd take that f**ker out with my bare hands, if that's what needed to be done.

"So you're going to try to fight him, when he tells you it's time to leave?"

I didn't answer. I didn't have to. She knew what I intended.

In what I assumed was exactly one hour, Heath came back to clear the table from the room.

I still had my pants on.

"Back up to the wall, hands above your head," he told me as he came into the room.

I did it, toying with the idea of making an escape attempt right then and there. Would I get a better chance?

"Did she eat all of that herself?" he asked after he'd studied her empty plate for a long moment.

The two of them were looking at each other tensely, and as usual, I had no idea what was going on.

"She did. Why?"

His jaw clenched as he swung his icy pale eyes to glare at me. "She didn't tell you? She's been on a hunger strike. Care to know why?"

I nodded, feeling my stomach drop.

"She refused to eat until I let her see you again. So congratulations. You're the reason she's wasting away. Is that a nice stroke to your ego?"

I was ignoring him by the end, my eyes boring into her. "Iris," I said softly, feeling so helpless. "Don't do that again. Please."

Her stubborn chin was set. "I won't, okay? I just ... couldn't take it anymore."

"Don't," Heath warned her, as though she'd said too much even with that short, cryptic statement. "Masters, go wait in the bathroom for a minute."

I looked between the two of them.

Iris waved me on. "It's all right, Dair. He won't hurt me."

"Do it, or I'll separate you two," he growled.

I did it, putting my ear to the door the second it was closed.

They were arguing, voices tense but too quiet for me to make out any actual words.

It didn't last long, and as soon as they grew quiet, I heard the other door open and then shut.

I came out.

Iris was closing the top drawer of the nightstand closest to the outside door. She straightened and whirled as she heard me enter, slamming it shut tight with her knee.

I didn't give it a second thought. It was one of those things that I'd remember later and have a sort of aha moment, but at that moment, all I cared about was being alone again with her.

"Heath told me that we have four more hours before you have to leave," she said, sounding forlorn.

I was done arguing about it. I figured I'd do what I needed to when the time came.

And then I remembered what we'd been talking about before our strange impromptu dinner date. "Eighteen," I sighed out, recalling it all again. "Barely f**king legal."

This information put a damper on things, to say the least. I wasn't sure I could ever reconcile with the notion.

Men my age with girls her age were creeps. Period.

Twenty-four had been pushing it. Eighteen was out of line.

She folded her arms across her chest, setting her jaw. "So what? I'm no different than I was before you knew that."

She didn't get it. But then, she was eighteen. I recalled my eighteen-year-old self and all of the things I hadn't gotten.

She seemed to read my mind. "Oh no. You're not going to do that. You don't get to start treating me like a child just because your perception has changed."

I sat down on the bed, pushing my shoulders back against the headboard. I folded my arms across my chest, wondering what the hell I was going to do with her. With myself.

She was still wearing her sweats, and I'd been in my dress shirt and slacks since I was ordered to put them back on.

She was staring at me like I was the only piece of food on the planet and she was STARVING.

"This thing between us can never work," I told her, hating the words.

Hating the truth.

She shook her head, her long, mussed hair shifting back and forth across her shoulders. "You're wrong. I know you are. I'm more than an age, Dair. I'm a person, a woman, and I'm in love with you."

I swallowed hard at the glint in her eye.

I had exactly a zero percent success rate at denying her, and I doubted today was going to be the day that changed.

In fact, if I were a betting man, I'd have put odds that I wouldn't even want to in about five more minutes.

"Tell me what you meant when you said our first meeting wasn't random. You said you knew I'd be there, and you sought me out. Explain that to me."

She was shaking her head before I'd finished. "No," said Iris firmly. "I'm not explaining that to you, not with how you're reacting to the last thing I told you."

I shut my eyes, frustrated beyond all reason. "But you could tell me that? That's one of the things you're able to tell me, if you so desired?"

"I shouldn't. It's for the best if I don't, but I'd been considering it. Before."

"Before?"

"Before I saw your reaction to my age. If that bothered you this much, you will totally wig out about the other."

I took a few deep, calming breaths, wondering if she was just messing with me now.

It wouldn't be the first time.

I still wasn't looking at her, eyes still closed, but I felt her mood change.

Suddenly and drastically.

"We're wasting precious time here, baby," she said, soft voice breathless.

I opened my eyes and knew I wasn't going to be able to resist her.

Twenty-four or eighteen, hostage or hustler, sinner or saint, whatever she was or wasn't, whether she lied to my face or taunted me with hints of the truth, all of this seemed always to defer to the more pertinent fact at hand.

She was mine.

Inconceivably.

Undeniably.

Mine.

It was that devastating and that simple.

In a last ditch, desperate effort, I put my arms out, warding off that look of hers from several feet away. "Iris, please."

"Yes, okay, but only because you said please."

She smiled and shrugged off her sweatshirt. Gloriously topless, her heavy br**sts quivering with every shift, she reached back and gathered her hair, twisting it into a flimsy bun on top of her head.

My eyes didn't know where to look, darting from her low slung sweats (that looked in danger of falling off) and her out of this world mesmerizing tits. She'd lost weight everywhere but there, it seemed. She was as top heavy as ever.

She took a few steps back, pushing down and out of her sweats and panties as she went.

Naked, she perched herself on the hotel room's flimsy, old desk.

She took her hands, gripped both of her knees and parted her legs wide.

Put a fork in me. Done.

I was up, dick out of my pants, dressed body pressed to her na**d one, before you could say-'jailbait.'

It was a quick, jarring f**k, but she didn't complain, and I couldn't stop.

We didn't say much after, just cleaned up and started touching again, as though we had only hours left to be with each other, because we did.

I had her sit on my face, her hands gripping the flimsy motel headboard, banging it hard against the wall as I went to work on her with my tongue.

She circled her hips, bearing down.

I got her off, flipped her over, and started from the top.

It was hours later when I started to recover brain function again. Not all of it, just enough to remember that our situation was less than ideal.

"We need to get dressed," I told her. When Heath showed up again, I intended to be ready for him. It could be our best and only shot at an escape.

To say she wasn't listening was an understatement. She was to listening what writers were to math.

Not even in the same realm.

She was straddling me, playing with her tits while I rubbed my thumb over her cl*t in slow, lazy circles.

I wasn't inside of her, but under, and she was gliding up and down my semi-hard erection like it was a slip-and-slide.

It was just a prop at this point, putting on a good show, but more than likely useless.

She reached a hand back and started scoring her blunt nails lightly over my scrotum, dragging them to my taint, then back again.

Not so semi now, I reached up and squeezed a hand over hers, kneading hard at her soft breast, knowing I didn't have the time, but still wondering if I could possibly f**k her again.

I bucked up lightly a few times, bouncing her hard enough to slam my c**k against my naval.

She didn't let up on that addictive glide, and possibly quickly flowed into maybe, then turned to probably, and stopped decisively at Fuck Yes.

"Are you sore?" I asked her, heavy-lidded eyes watching her pu**y teasing over my cock.

She moaned out a languid yes, then shifted until she caught the tip of me with her entrance, easing me in that first tight inch.

Without warning, she slammed herself home, and I nearly shouted the roof down, hands (not lazy or slow now) shooting to her h*ps to guide her to the perfect rhythm.

She leaned down, gripping my head to suck at her heaving br**sts with one insistent arm.

The other arm was busy elsewhere, but I wouldn't connect those dots until later, when it would do me not one bit of good.

I folded my body as much as I could to accommodate both her furious riding of my cock, and her needy tits pushing at my mouth.

I was as hungry as she was needy, and I got rough with her, drawing firm at one abused peak until she sobbed.

I pulled back, but she gripped me to her, hard nipple rubbing against my lips until I started sucking hard at it again.

I switched to the other, leaving bruising marks along the skin between on the journey there.

I helped her jerk up and down my length, keeping her flesh in my mouth.

She'd be sore and bruised tomorrow, every twinge of it a reminder of to whom her body belonged.

She came first, a loud, clenching orgasm that had my balls drawing up tight with a few tight squeezes.

My nails dug into her h*ps as, with a hoarse shout, I slammed home and shot my load deep.

I was still catching my breath underneath her when she leaned back to look me.

Without blinking, she covered my nose and mouth with a piece of material that reeked of chemicals.

I'd never actually smelled it before, but almost instantly, I knew what it was.

Green eyes met mine over the ether soaked cloth.

"I love you," Iris mouthed, right before the world went black.

CHAPTER SEVEN

I woke up alone and in my own bed.

Alone and sore as hell, head to toe.

I doubted the bastard had been gentle when he'd transferred me back across who knew how many states and to my own house again.

Alone, sore as hell, and furious.

I slammed through my house, feeling a need to lash out and vent in a way that only helplessness could breed.

I didn't know if I was relieved or more pissed off when I found a note on my kitchen counter.

It wasn't written by Iris, of that much I was sure.

I could only assume by the bold writing and the hostility that fairly leapt off the page, that Heath had penned it.

DON'T TELL ANYONE WHAT HAPPENED OR WHERE YOU'VE YOU BEEN. YOU'LL BE PUTTING IRIS AT RISK IF YOU DO, SO JUST KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT. AND DON'T TRY TO LOOK FOR HER. BY THE TIME YOU READ THIS, I'LL HAVE MOVED HER AGAIN.

I really hated that motherfucker. Sincerely.

What was I supposed to do?

Just wait around until he decided to kidnap me again?

So that I could go drive for hours in the back of a creepy van, f**k Iris raw, then have her knock me out again while I was still twitching inside her.

Iris had f**king ether tapped me.

I couldn't get over it.

Whose side was she on, anyway?

It was hard to say what was worse, the before or after.

No, it was definitely the before, I decided, because though the after was torture, in the before I hadn't known if she was whole and alive.

Now at least I had that.

Even so, I was plagued by thoughts of her in that dingy motel, being held captive by that bastard Heath.

What was going on with them? Did he and she-

No, I wouldn't think about that. No good could come of it.

-Were they lovers? She'd said he didn't hurt her, but it was a fact that she had no problem lying about any damn thing.

Still, I didn't think they were, but whether that belief stemmed from anything logical, or merely a strong desire to believe it because the alternative was unpalatable to me, well, that was anyone's guess.

"You need to turn this mess into a book," Turner told me.

It was about a week later, and I was at his house, venting again.

I'd told him all of it, every insane detail of that crazy ride, from the abduction to the ether.

Needless to say, he was intrigued.

"Not happening."

"I'm using it, then. It's just too crazy not to write down."

"Hell no. No way."

"Okay, okay, but listen, someday this is not going to be such a touchy subject, and when that day comes, it will be a long time from now, and the details will be fuzzy, so at least jot it down in your diary or something while it's still fresh."

"I don't have a diary. Do you actually have a diary?"

"Well, no. I'm just saying, write it down somewhere. You don't have to publish it."

Needing a distraction, I changed the subject. "What happened to Candy? I had to let myself in."

"Please. Like that's unusual. That chick didn't answer the door once the entire time she worked here. And she quit."

That had me raising my brows. "Oh yeah? How come?"

He gave me a knowing look. "I've told you about this. Same reason they always do. She wanted to f**k the boss."

"And did you oblige her?"

"I did."

"Well?"

He shrugged. "It was fine. I mean, it was good, but, and trust me I know I'm a bastard for saying this, I think she exaggerated her own oral skills. I watched that chick suck on lollipops for months like she was fixated. It built up some unrealistic expectations."

"What about the rest?"

"Good. She was fine. I kept her around for three days before it got a bit redundant. I don't know. I think it's me. I've been bored lately, or hell, maybe I'm just bored with redheads. I'm sure it'll pass."

"I think you're growing up, Peter Pan, and that maybe, just maybe, you need to start looking to get involved with a woman for more than sex."

He shrugged. "That's so typical. And boring. I like to think I'm more interesting than that. I'll tell you one thing, though, I'm not hiring any more dimes for the assistant gig. I'm finding someone that will actually help me with the work around here, someone that won't quit after I spend three months training them."

"Sounds like a worthy goal. Maybe you'll progress to finding someone that just quits because they hate working for you."

He threw back his head and laughed. "That would be refreshing," he added, when he'd caught his breath again.

"What do you need an assistant for, anyway?"

Turner shook his head at me like I was missing something important. "You get to pull the reclusive author bit, doing a few interviews, what, like, once, twice a year? No Facebook presence. No Twitter account. Hell, you probably don't even know what Instagram is."

I did, but only because I'd heard him and Candy talking about it several times, and as far as I knew, it was just a place where women went to post cle**age shots (and men went to look at said shots).

He rolled his eyes at my look. "What I'm saying is, in the writing world, there are only a few that get to do it like Alasdair Fucking Masters."

I just continued to stare at him.

He shook his head at me again, as though I was a lost cause. "It works for you, but some of us have to promote. That means on top of writing books, there's a few extra full-time jobs that may or may not get done, and this may or may not tank a new release if we don't have some help."

Finally, it made some sense, though he still didn't. "So there's actually work to be done, and you still keep hiring people that aren't doing any of it?"

"Not anymore. I swear it. Candy was the last one. But enough about me. What's the word on Lourdes? You going out with her again?"

I flushed. I didn't like his wording. "We went out for coffee. As friends. We did not go out."

He shrugged. "Well, she's smokin'. A dime for sure. I think she could be a body double for Nicole Scherzinger. And maybe you should ask her out. Why the f**k not? One big selling point: I can guarantee she won't rag tap you post coital."

"I'm surprised you haven't asked her out," I mused, thinking about it. I knew she'd photographed headshots for him at least once, so they knew each other, and a girl like Lourdes was straight playboy catnip to a guy like Turner.

He flushed, shifting. It took me a moment to place the look on his face, because I'd never actually seen it before.

He was uncomfortable.

"You did ask her out," I guessed.

He winced comically. "Yeah, I did. I'm not her type. I think I came on a little too strong for her, right after her divorce. After that, she's refused to take my calls, even professionally."

"What on earth did you do?"

"Nothing terrible. I was just a bit crude, and she's a lady. Put in a good word for me with her, will you? At least professionally, if nothing else. I could use some new headshots."

"I'll see what I can do, but I probably won't see her any time soon."

"Sure you won't, stud."

As though f**king Turner had willed it, I ran into Lourdes at the market three days later.

We hugged, she kissed me on both cheeks, European style, and we proceeded to go for coffee and chat for over an hour.

I really did enjoy her company.

Something seemed different about her, some new flush to her cheeks that hadn't been there before. A new light in her eyes that made me wonder what she'd been up to.

"You look great," I told her, for maybe the third time.

I was an idiot. She always looked great.

She flushed in pleasure and thanked me.

But there was just something about her, some subtle shift that had her going from being naturally sultry to nearly oozing sex appeal.

I knew she hadn't been dating much, if at all, since her divorce, but I wondered suddenly if she was getting laid.

That's what it was, I thought, the look of a beautiful woman well f**ked.

Probably my overactive imagination going wild, but she did look good. Not the usual wearing just the right color good, but getting your world rocked on a regular basis good.

I wondered about it, but we didn't have the type of friendship where I could just come out and ask a thing like that.

We went for a walk after coffee; in fact I walked her nearly to her house, which was close by.

I avoided taking her all the way home, getting cold feet and telling her I was running behind for a meeting, which was a lie.

I just couldn't tell how interested she was in me, and I didn't want to get into an awkward situation with her, if I could avoid it.

I was still holding a torch for an ether-tapping eighteen-year-old that was being held prisoner God only knew where, and for reasons I couldn't fathom.

Life went on without a word from Iris, and I felt like a fool.

CHAPTER EIGHT

ONE MONTH LATER

I couldn't even recall what all was said in the short phone call that had me driving across the city in the middle of the night on a Tuesday.

I did remember the sound of her voice and the tone of it.

Calm and sure.

Even a touch casual, as though I hadn't been waiting, anxious and desperate for any word of her since the last time we were together.

I couldn't remember throwing on clothes, but my mind was clear by the time I made it to my garage.

I took my black Q7, because it had a bit more room, and I wasn't sure what to expect.

I also recalled where she'd told me to meet her and why it was such a strange request.

It was that damned neon rave warehouse club where I'd had to pick her up from all those months ago, that same place where someone had slipped something into her drink.

What in all hell was she thinking to end up there again?

And when had she gotten back to town?

I would have to wait to find out, as she'd hung up before I could ask a single question.

I got some strange looks as I parked my Audi on the curb beside some kids painted neon and tripping out on God only knew what.

"It's a cop, man!" one of them yelled, and I paused for a moment, looking down at myself.

I'd thrown on dark gray UA track pants and a matching tee, my unruly brown hair was messy as usual, and that looked like a cop to them? Or were they just that high?

It didn't matter; I ignored them, walking past. Only one person in this mess of neon concerned me.

It only took a few minutes for me to scan through all of the partygoers lined up near the street. Iris was always easy to spot, so I didn't have to look hard to know she wasn't outside.

With a long-suffering sigh, I headed inside.

The doorman didn't want to let me in, but I'd brought cash for just this reason.

I handed him a fifty, and he stepped aside without a word.

I stepped into a cramped, crowded hallway that seemed to go on forever. The place was a madhouse of loud house music pumping through the walls, and way too many people, all stoned out of their minds, occupying a very narrow space.

I plunged through the writhing bodies, scanning every head I passed.

No sign of her.

There was a second bouncer manning another set of doors at the end of the hall. He had the opposite reaction of the other guy.

He eyed me, top to bottom. "You Dair?"

That took me aback for obvious reasons, but I found myself nodding.

What the hell was going on now?

He nodded back, pulling a mouthpiece out of his collar that I hadn't seen, and speaking into it.

This was a well-organized rave, apparently.

"We've got Dair here," he spoke loudly into it. "Bruno, can you show him up?"

That done, he nodded again. "Bruno will be here in a sec to show you to her."

I'd barely processed that when whom I assumed was Bruno showed up and waved for me to follow him.

He led me straight through the middle of the main room, which was packed with writhing bodies decked out in glow-in-the-dark paint, the dim, black lit room pumping color out as loudly as the DJ was pumping the music.

We made it to a staircase at the back of the room, squeezing through gyrating bodies. It was even harder to navigate through than that narrow hallway.

I scanned the crowd along the way, but it was no use, and besides that, it had sounded like Bruno was taking me to her. They must have been talking about Iris, because ... who else?

Another bouncer guarded the base of the staircase, but he waved us through without speaking.

We went up a rickety set of metal stairs. I didn't notice that the room even had an upper balcony until we were on it.

And there she was, decked out in glowing body paint (and hardly anything else), holding onto the rail that overlooked the revelry below, smiling with neon pink lips and shaking her ass.

She squealed when she saw me, rushing to throw her arms around my neck.

Without a word, she started kissing me.

She didn't need rescuing. She hadn't called me here for that.

I filled my hands with her exposed skin, thrusting my tongue into her mouth.

The balcony was much less crowded than the floor below, but we were far from alone.

As I pulled away from her to catch my breath, I glanced around. Almost everyone was dancing, and they seemed too far gone to notice anything beyond themselves.

I looked down to study Iris, cupping her jaw in my hands, trying to decipher if she was as out of her mind as the rest of them.

"Have you taken anything?" I asked her, having to pitch my voice loud to be heard.

Her eyes were clear, and she shook her head without hesitating. "I don't drink or do drugs, Dair. I'm just here to escape my cage for a bit and do some dancing."

I processed that as she started to tug me towards the wall.

I noticed something as I stared at the back of her head. I fingered the tips of her pale hair. "Is your hair pink?" I asked her.

She looked back at me, grinned and nodded.

I sighed out a breath, thinking that I was way too old for this shit.

Who was I kidding? I was born too old for the rave scene.

One part of me was still in 100%, and that was my traitorous cock. He was enjoying the hell out of a barely dressed Iris, painted top to bottom, hair dyed pink and ready to dance.

At the wall, there was a table set up as a neon body painting station.

Iris turned to face me, stepping very close, her hands going to the hem of my shirt.

She started pulling it up.

I stopped her, asking, "What are you doing?"

She pouted at me. "Just a little bit of paint. And you don't even have to dance. You can just relax somewhere, and watch me dance."

I shook my head, but it wasn't to say no.

She was in a mood, too cute and playful to be resisted, but then, she was always too something to be resisted.

I let her pull my shirt off, even let her paint my chest, shoulders, arms and abs up with broad, quick strokes. I drew the line when she tried to paint my face, but let her work on my back a bit.

I grabbed her around the waist when she came back around to my front, eyes on her neon-striped body in what had to be her tiniest bikini yet. I thought it was white, but it was hard to tell in the color-splashed dark.

She was wearing those goddamned gladiator heels again. They brought the top of her head up to my cheekbone, and I knew from experience, with her long legs, they took her ass up to level with my groin.

She twirled with a smile out of my grip, taking my hand again to lead me over to a low-slung couch.

It had two occupants, two girls sitting hip to hip, looking either asleep or straight tripping.

They didn't even look our way.

Iris pushed on my chest until I was perched on the edge of the empty side of the sofa.

She threw a leg over the side, right along my hip, and started moving.

I slouched low, grabbed her prone leg with one hand, a shaking ass cheek with the other, and watched the show.

For as long as I could stand, anyway. She dipped low, rubbing her barely covered sex over my rampant c**k solidly just a few too many times.

About the third time she did that, I reached up, plunging a hand into the tiny triangle of her barely there bikini top and palming a shaking tit.

She didn't balk, leaning forward, bringing her br**sts to my mouth, arching her back to give me perfect access.

I nosed her top to the side and tongued a hard nipple.

She started dipping again, rubbing down my body until we were chest to chest, groin to groin, then back up again, pushing her flesh against my mouth.

I was a goner, mouth-breather in full control, when I tugged my pants down, shoved her bottoms to the side, and plunged into her without warning on a downswing.

She cried out and let me bounce her a few times on my out of control cock, before unseating herself and taking an unsteady step away, pulling her top back over her bared nipple.

I tugged my pants back up, opening my mouth to apologize, when she turned on her heel, and strutted away.

I watched, mouth agape, as she moved to the rail overlooking the crowd below.

She gripped it with both hands, parted her legs, arched her back, and sent me an unmistakable look over her shoulder.

FUCK.

Was she serious?

Did she really want me to take her against the rail, right there?

I glanced around.

That was no help. No one was even looking at us, which only encouraged me to do something insane.

I mean, what was the damage, at this point? No one was watching, no one cared, and I'd already full-on penetrated her on this nasty couch.

I stood, moving to her, determined to f**k her where she stood.

CHAPTER NINE

I wasn't even drunk. I had no excuses. I was not altered by anything but pure, unadulterated lust.

I moved flush to her back, hiding as much as I could of my movements as I freed my erection, then shoved her bikini to the side.

I plunged into her, gripping her tits roughly.

I f**ked her in time to the heavy bass that shook the room.

Who said I couldn't dance?

I moved in and out, jarring thrusts that brought her to her tiptoes then down again.

I gave a thought or three to whether the rail was sturdy enough to handle what we were doing do it, but they were brief and fleeting.

It likely would have taken the whole place falling down around our ears to stop us by then.

She was so hot around me, so tight and perfect, that I couldn't even slow myself, let alone brake.

She started squeezing me harder, working my length like a clenching fist, and I knew she was coming.

I cursed, groaned, tensed, and heaved.

I could feel every movement inside of her. It was too exquisite for words.

I lunged up hard and stopped only when my tip kissed her womb, feeling every tremor she gave, savoring her release like it was my own.

I glanced down at our feet.

Hers were clean off the ground, the only thing keeping her upright were her hands on the rail, my palms on her tits, and my c**k buried deep.

That did it.

I came hard, shouting with it, then leaning forward to kiss my way up her neck and gasping sweet somethings in her ear, pouring my heart out in that desperate after moment, while I still twitched inside her, and emotions ran raw.

Eventually, I let her down, bending my knees to lower her, and then pull out, her slick flesh sucking at me as I freed myself.

I nearly came into her again, but managed to restrain myself. Barely.

I straightened her bikini bottoms, then put my dick back in my pants.

I turned her with two firm hands on her shoulders, keeping her steady. She looked disoriented, like she'd forgotten where she even was.

I remembered. I remembered everything, rational thought coming back to fill the space left by all of the lust I'd just expended.

There was so much that we needed to talk about. So many questions arose from our last meeting, and every single one prior.

Where to start?

Well, that was easy. First we needed to leave the neon rave.

I bent down until our faces were nearly touching.

"Let's go home," I told her.

Her eyes went from glazed over to blinking and alert in a hot second.

She sighed and shook her head. "I can't go home with you. Not tonight."

I didn't like that. Not at all. "Why?" I clipped.

"We can't go back there. Heath knows where you live, remember?"

I couldn't decide if that actually gave me an answer or just raised another question.

"So you're running from him now? I had myself half-convinced you were working together. That you were with him willingly."

"It's complicated."

Of course it was.

"Let's get a hotel room, then," I suggested. Anyplace private would be an improvement.

She grabbed my hand and started to move. "Follow me. I know a place where we can clean up."

She stopped briefly at the painting table to apply more pink glow-in-the-dark lipstick, outrageous girl, and then led me down a hall that broke off from the upper deck, and to a bathroom with florescent lighting that barely worked. It was less than ideal, but it was single occupancy, and had a lock, so that was something.

We cleaned up in the sink as best we could, Iris taking over the task and using it as an excuse to stroke me back into fighting shape.

I pulled her hand away, though that was the last thing I wanted to do. "Hotel," I said firmly.

She nodded and stepped back. "One more thing, then a hotel, okay?"

She took me a few doors down the hallway, into another black light illuminated room that, as far as I could tell, was unoccupied.

"This is where they keep the extra neon glow powder and makeup. I saw it earlier and it gave me an idea."

Uh oh.

Her ideas usually ended with my pants around my ankles and a total, if temporary, loss of my brain function.

This one was no different.

"It won't take but a minute," she said breathlessly, pushing my pants down and moving close.

My na**d sex pushed hard and thick against her bare belly, but not for long.

A heady, powerful feeling rocked through me as I watched her lower to her knees.

She gripped my shaft, pushing it down so she could put it in her mouth.

I watched her neon lips move over my length until she was hugging my tip deep in her throat, and she'd left a hot pink ring of paint around my base.

I heard my own low, guttural moan fill the room.

She pulled back about an inch, then pressed her lips firmly again, leaving another distinct ring of color on my cock.

I clenched my fists and watched.

I'd never imagined anything like it. Who would?

I watched her glow-in-the-dark lips moving along my cock, wondering if I'd died and gone to heaven.

She repeated the process four times before pulling back to apply more lipstick, smiling up at me, then going back for part two.

She ringed me, base to tip, and pulled away. She stood, pinching my tip hard with two fingers. "You want to finish here or that hotel?"

I groaned and cursed, but managed to pull her hand away, and hold onto exactly one ounce of control. "Hotel. Now."

She pouted, but led me out of the club without protest.

It was a crush outside, some heading away from the building, but most loitering from the door and out onto the street.

"How did you set all that up, with the bouncers?" I asked her as we moved.

"I bribed them with cash."

"Have you been counting cards again?"

She shot me an impish smile. "What do you think?"

Outside, by the dim light of the few street lamps that were actually working, I got a good look at her.

The series of multicolored strings and paint she wore hadn't done her justice under the black lights.

Her ripe br**sts fairly spilled from her top, the minuscule bottoms cupping her sweet ass like an invitation.

It wasn't warm out, not freezing, but there was definitely a chill in the air. It was only as I felt it that I realized I'd left my shirt behind, somewhere in that blasted rave.

No way in hell was I going back in there.

As though just realizing how cold it was herself, Iris shivered. I pulled her into my chest, rubbing her arms.

"Nasty slut," some perturbed girl with ink-black hair and goth makeup called out as a group of people passed. She was looking directly at Iris, obviously speaking to her.

My brows drew together, jaw clenching.

Iris seemed oblivious to it, tilting her head back to watch me instead.

"Easy there, tiger," she said, her tone amused, her eyes smiling up at me. "She just didn't like my outfit. Not everyone is ever going to love what you're putting out there, especially when you're having a good time. There's always going to be a percentage of the population that has a problem with fun, that wants to put you down for having it."

"What an unpleasant young woman," I said tersely, sending the girl's back another glare.

Iris laughed. "Don't hold back now."

"Let's get the hell out of here."

"Let's," she agreed, but abruptly she stiffened, pulling away.

She started looking around, appearing suddenly paranoid in the extreme.

She licked her lips, and focused on me, her entire demeanor suddenly changed. "Listen, I forgot something important inside. I'll meet you at your car."

I opened my mouth to protest.

She held up a hand, fingers spread wide, backing away. "No more than five minutes, I swear."

I shouldn't have believed her, but I did.

When would I learn?

She disappeared inside, and I stood there for a moment, torn on whether I should follow her, just in case she ran into trouble.

In the end, I figured I didn't need to. She had the staff in her pocket, and she'd sworn she'd only be five minutes.

I was almost to my car when all hell broke loose.

The breath whooshed out of me as something hard slammed into my back, taking me down to the ground. My hands met the pavement a split second before the rest of me joined it, just saving me from some broken bones, I was sure.

A big, hard body pressed against my back and cold metal dug into my temple.

"Where is she, you piece of shit?" a familiar voice growled at me.

Fucking Heath.

"Get off me," I growled back.

For some reason, it worked.

He let up and I stood, glaring at him.

"Well, where the f**k is she?" he asked, gun down at his side, at least, but I was willing to bet he could raise and shoot before I could do much about it.

I tried to lie. It wasn't clean and neat. "No clue. Haven't seen her."

His expression was an entertaining combination of disgusted and amused. "You really think I'll believe that you were here on your own? This a normal weekday outing for you, Masters?"

"I like to dance," I tried.

He snarled at me. "If you give even one ounce of a f**k about her, you'll call me the second she contacts you again." He reached into his pocket, then thrust his fist at me, handing me a small card with nothing on it but a phone number.

Not f**king likely, but I didn't even have time to tell him that, as he'd already started moving away, towards the club, a man clearly on a mission.

Fuck.

I looked for her until the morning hours, running into a furious Heath several times while we both searched the area.

Neither of us found her. I figured she'd bolted the second she caught wind of him.

I went home as the sun rose in the sky, still covered in body paint.

Shirtless, Irisless, I walked into my house, hoping she'd be there to greet me.

She wasn't. I'd lost her, yet again.

CHAPTER TEN

It was three days later, and I was calling the number on the card Heath had given me, yet again.

I didn't have much else to go on.

Heath answered with his usual hostility. "You better have f**king found her this time, or so help me God," he snarled.

I cleared my throat. He really was a scary motherfucker. "No, just checking in to see if you have."

"Fuck off," he snapped and hung up.

I sighed and set my phone on my desk. I'd try again, regardless of what he said, in a few hours. That number was the only tie I had to her, sad as that was.

It wasn't ten minutes later when I got a call from Turner.

"Hey," I answered.

"Um, hey man. Listen, uh ... wanna come over and hang out?"

He sounded weird, though I couldn't put my finger on why.

"Maybe tomorrow," I told him, feeling in no mood for company. I was still in the punchy, antisocial stage of my post-Iris-high.

I heard him sigh into the phone, pause for a long time, then, "You should come over today. Trust me on this."

That was too random and strange not to investigate, but no matter what I asked him, he wouldn't clarify.

About an hour later, I found myself driving to his house, still clueless about what was going on.

He met me at the door, acting as weird as he'd sounded, and glancing over my head, behind me, looking paranoid in the extreme.

That paranoia reminded me of something familiar. Or rather, someone.

"What the hell is going on?" I asked him, amused.

"Come on in," he said, projecting his voice, sounding unnatural.

I stepped in, and he shut it behind me, giving me a very inscrutable look.

"This way," he said quietly, leading me upstairs, instead of to the usual hangout.

I was about to question him again when he stopped at a closed door, the second one at the top of the steps.

He opened it, and I looked inside. It was dark, shudders shut tight.

A body came hurdling out of that darkness, launching itself into my chest.

A luscious little body, topped by bright pink hair.

Without thought, my arms caught Iris tight against me.

I took her in with a few deep breaths like that before I started in on her.

"You lied to me," I accused. "You said you were done with lying, but you did it again. No more than five minutes you swore, three days ago."

She took a deep, shuddering breath before answering. "I know. I had to make a quick decision. If it's any consolation, I did it so I could be with you. If I hadn't run, it likely would have been months before I got to see you again, instead of days."

I could never stay mad at her for long, even when I needed that anger just for the sake of clarity.

I was too addicted to the peace of her to keep fighting for long.

I kissed the top of her head, then pulled back slightly to look at her hair, fingering a few bright strands.

"Your hair is still pink. You used permanent dye?"

"Yeah, but it still probably won't last more than a few weeks. Don't worry. I've been dying my hair since I was a kid, and I know how to get my color back to normal."

I was relieved. The pink was sort of hot, but I loved her blonde hair best by far.

"I have a plan, a way for us to get a few weeks together," she told me, tilting her head to look up at me.

The word plan coming out of her mouth had a notable effect on my cock, as again, her plans always seemed to end the same way.

That effect had me remembering that we weren't alone.

I glanced at Turner, who gave me a toothy grin. He was enjoying the hell out of the show we were giving him.

"Mind if we borrow this room for a bit?" I asked him, shuffling Iris inside. "We need to talk."

He laughed. "Go for it. You and your Chloroform Queen may talk as many times as you like in there. Talk yourselves silly."

I ignored that, shutting the door in his face.

Iris started explaining her plan the instant I turned my attention back to her.

"I'm house-sitting for these really nice women that I met at Turner's pool party. We've kept in touch, and it worked out just perfect, because they just left on a month long vacation to celebrate their anniversary."

"What women?"

"Frankie and Estella. Remember them? Frankie is the tattoo artist with her own reality show that I'm going to make you watch sometime."

"Oh, the hot lesbians."

"Yes, them. Anyway, it's the perfect situation, all things considered. We'll have a bit of privacy for a few days, weeks, if we do it right, where no one can find us, because they won't know where to look."

I processed that. She was such a whirlwind, and it was always easy to let that whirlwind sweep me up with it, but I suddenly remembered that I needed some things clarified.

"I know you're going to tell me it's complicated, but I need you to clear something up for me. I need to know what's up with you and Heath. First you drug me, knock me out for this guy, and now he's the one you're running from? Am I getting this right?"

She flushed, wringing her hands, not looking me in the eye suddenly, and I knew it was because she felt guilty for what she'd done, knocking me out cold while I was still twitching inside of her.

Good. She should feel bad about that.

"I did that for you, not him. I knew if you fought when he came to take you back, he'd hurt you bad. And he is helping me, but that doesn't mean he's not dangerous. Well, not to me, but to you he is. You need to avoid setting him off. He has a temper."

No shit.

"I'm very sorry for that," she added, voice small. "Please don't hate me."

I took pity on her instantly. "I'm over it. I'd kind of figured you thought you were doing it for my own protection." I stroked her jaw, mood shifting as I stared down at her repentant, downcast face. "And I could never hate you, but I think you know that."

She answered by nuzzling into my chest, and my mood shifted even more.

"I was really disappointed that our night got cut short," I told her gruffly. "When will I get another chance to have a glow-in-the-dark lipstick blow job?"

She grinned up at me, a sweet, filthy light in her eyes. "It's not glow-in-the-dark, but I do have lipstick."

I blinked. I'd only been teasing, but I certainly wouldn't turn it down.

She pulled away from me, moving across the room to a big bag on a chair in the far corner.

I found a light switch and turned it on, taking in her outfit. It was nothing too shocking, especially considering some of the things I'd seen her wear, but it still got me worked up, or rather, the body it housed did.

She looked like a different girl with the pink hair, tiny cutoff jean shorts that barely covered her ass, combat boots with high, chunky heels, and a cropped white muscle tee with a kitten in sunglasses on the front that read: LET'S GET CRAY.

She was an adorable, punk version of herself.

And still way, way too young for me.

I felt like a pervert while I found myself a seat on the edge of the room's big bed, and watched her bend over to search through her bag, but that didn't stop me from shrugging off my T-shirt, and as I watched her perky ass pointing my way, pulling out my dick.

She straightened, turning to face me while she applied dark red lipstick, opening her mouth into a suggestive O that had me jerking myself impatiently.

She began to move towards me, her walk sultry.

"Clothes off," I told her, forcing my hand away from my dick, with an effort.

She stripped slowly, having to sit down first to take off her heavy shoes, then standing, and taking the rest off, working bottom to top, her shirt and bra coming off last, when she stood directly in front of me, close enough to shove her tits in my face as she bared them.

I only got in one tonguing kiss on the underside of one breast before she shifted back, then lowered to her knees.

She gave me a coquettish smile and set to work.

I gripped her hair and watched, jaw more than a little slack.

She ringed half my c**k with four deep red rings, reapplied the lipstick, and finished, right up to the tip.

She pulled back when she was done, and we both stared, admiring her handwork.

I pulled her hot little mouth to mine, kissed her deep, her pulpy lips giving to mine, driving me wild. I took my time, pulled back, and pushed her head back down.

I watched her head bobbing on my colorful shaft, eyes heavy lidded, breath panting out of me.

Generally, it was a dick move to draw a b**w j*b out longer, but I couldn't seem to help myself this time, enjoying the view too much, taking permanent snapshots in my mind for future use.

She'd just finished sucking the last drop of seed from my tip when I yanked her up on the bed and flipped her onto her back, legs spread wide.

Her feet tapped out a vigorous rhythm on my back as I lapped between her thighs. I took my time, tongue and hands working her cunt over thoroughly.

I did this until she'd come twice, and I was ready to come again.

I climbed up her body, using my h*ps to spread her legs wider, my body coming down heavy on hers. She took my weight with gasping delight, and I came inside of her, and she felt so good, so hot and slick and narrow, closing around me snugly from tip to base, that I nearly exploded right then.

"I'm pretty sure lipstick is probably meant for external use only," I told her as I moved inside of her.

"Oh sure, now you tell me," she gasped back with a smile, moving her heels to dig into the bed, thrusting her h*ps up to take me deeper. "A little late."

I laughed and kissed her. "I love you," I told her, surging into her, already racing toward the finish.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

We set our plan in motion the next day.

I packed a small suitcase with one nice suit, swim trunks, several T-shirts and athletic shorts, plenty of boxer briefs, one extra pair of nice shoes, and the essential toiletries, prepped my work issues for a two-week absence, and left my house at ten a.m., clear instructions in my head, per Iris.

It was scary how good she was at this sort of thing, how familiar.

I drove my black Prius to Boulder Station, one of the local haunts, way across town, on Boulder Highway. I parked it in the vast parking lot, walked through the casino, and exited the building at the taxi station.

I took a cab to Sam's Town, another local haunt, and repeated the process, this time telling the new cabby to take me to the Bellagio, a casino on the strip.

From Bellagio, I took a taxi to Aria, another strip casino. From Aria, I rode to the Stratosphere.

At this one, a hoodie and dark shades wearing Iris met me at the taxi station, and slipped into the car with me, this time giving the cab driver a home address.

She sent me a sidelong smile as the taxi started to move.

"How can you be absolutely sure I lost the tail?" I asked her, glancing behind us.

"Can't be, that's why we'll do one more check."

About halfway to our destination, Iris had the driver pull over on the side of a quiet street and wait for ten minutes, meter running.

Nothing happened. No tail.

We smiled happily at each other and headed to her friends' house.

We were walking Frankie and Estella's dogs, twin black labs, in their busy neighborhood park a few days later, and I'd just said something, (in a pretty off-handed way, it should be noted) that I'd soon regret, only I didn't know it yet.

Iris gave me one of those mysterious looks that drove me crazy. It was neither happy or sad, but thoughtful and a touch of something that eluded me.

"So I should be with someone closer to my own age?" she was asking me.

Had I said that? I supposed I had. And I supposed I still believed it, though that didn't mean I was happy about it.

I sighed.

She had no intention of letting it go.

"Have you talked to any twenty-year-old boys lately, Dair?"

I tried to change the subject. I hadn't liked it, anyway. "Are you saying you're twenty now?"

"You're avoiding the question. Do you think I should be with someone closer to my own age?"

I sighed again. "Yes of course. I've told you this."

"And you want to be with someone your age?" Her tone was so idle that I didn't hesitate to answer.

"I certainly think that would be more appropriate."

Did I intend to follow through with my words?

Fuck no. Not with any of them.

I just felt the need to say them. They were the most rudimentary form of lip service. A sop to my conscience, as it were.

As though that settled something, she nodded and started looking around the park.

"Why? Why did you just ask me that?"

"That photographer friend of yours is very beautiful."

"She is." Though I was trying to recall when Iris could have gotten a good look at her, and came up blank.

"And into you. On your coffee date, she leaned in your direction, and laughed a lot. That's got to be a good sign. Does she know about me?"

I studied her, wondering just how much Iris must have either spied on me, or had someone else do it. I tried to work up some righteous outrage, but too many conflicted emotions made it hard to form a response, not the least of which worry that she knew I'd gone out for coffee with another woman, and didn't seem to mind, going by her nonchalant tone.

"I'll take that as a no. Do you think she's interested in you?"

This was strange for her, and bad for me. To say she wasn't the jealous type was the understatement of the year, but this was shaping into what, for a normal girl, would have been a jealous line of questioning.

I tried to give it to her as honest as I could. "I think she wouldn't mind if I asked her out, and she'd likely say yes, but she's not aggressive enough to ever take that step herself."

"Ahh, so you're not as oblivious as you pretend to be."

"What is that supposed to mean?" I hated it when she treated me like I was the kid in this relationship.

"So, if you, say, called her up and asked her out on a date, do you think she'd go?"

"I'm not doing that-"

I'm not telling you to. I'm just asking."

I felt like an egotistical ass**le saying it, but if I was honest, "Yes, I think she'd go. Where's this ridiculous conversation heading?"

She didn't answer, and that worried me.

"What are you up to?" I asked her.

"Just making sure that I understand everything."

I knew the conversation didn't portend good things, but I didn't understand just how bad it was going until she ditched me in the park.

She didn't go far, just about fifty feet away, where some meatheads were wrapping up their CrossFit drills.

It was an unseasonably warm day, the bright sun beating down, and she was wearing some of her tiny shorts (hot pink), flip flops (bright purple), and an adorable little neon yellow crop top that left her flat, tan stomach bare, and read: LOVE IS MY DRUG across her chest.

The pink was already fading from her hair, and it was currently a shade of adorable, cotton candy pink, hanging loose and silky around her shoulders.

She looked delectable, edible, head to toe, as she went and started chatting up an oiled group of juiced up guys who were way, way younger than me.

I held the leashes of her hot lesbian friends' dogs, and just watched as she singled one of them out, clearly the most attractive one of the bunch.

The tallest one. The biggest one.

He flashed bright white teeth at her as he smiled and eyed her up like she was his own special birthday present.

She smiled and laughed with him, clearly flirting.

I almost dropped both leashes to punch a nearby tree when she touched his arm in a familiar way.

Still, I kept myself from going over there, instead walking the dogs in a few big circles around the park, while she continued to charm that muscle bound motherfucker for a solid thirty minutes.

She fell into step with me without a word when she was good and ready, and we left the park.

We were nearly back at Frankie's house before I found my voice. "What the f**k was that?"

She didn't play coy, at least. "I agreed to go out with him tonight."

I felt my blood begin to boil, rising up, hot bile in my throat.

"You what?"

"I am deferring to your superior wisdom that must only come with age. I was young and naive enough to trust my heart and give this thing between us a shot, but you seem to think that's a bad thing. A foolish thing. Who am I to disagree? You're clearly older and therefore wiser. So now I'm doing what you suggested, trying out someone closer to my own age. You should call your photographer friend, take her on a date. Talk is cheap, Dair."

"You're out of your mind. Did you really think that I meant you should pick up some random guy at the park? And I'm not calling anyone. Fuck you. You don't get to tell me what to do. Who do you think you are?"

"I'm a woman that wants you to live by your own words. You keep saying a thing, I'll hold you to it. I'm sick of your obsession with the age difference. You're fixated on it. You wanted me to go out with someone else. I'll do it. Problem solved."

I was so sick with worry suddenly that I ran out of anger, but I was still chock-full of desperation. "Don't do that. Please. I don't want you to go out with him. You know that's not what I want."

She gave me a level stare, and with that one look, I knew she was going to be merciless about this.

"So how about you get to pick. One of us is going out with someone else tonight, someone closer to our own age. You or me. And if you don't pick, I'm going out with the gym rat."

"Will you ... sleep with him?" My throat tried to choke on the question.

"Oh, Dair," she said softly.

It wasn't an answer. I wanted to rip my hair out.

"I'll go," I growled at her. At least if I went, I wouldn't have to worry about what she was doing all night. "But you have to stay at the house while I do it. I want you waiting for me when I get home."

How had this gotten so screwed up so quickly?

"Fine."

I was so angry by the time we got back that I didn't even try to talk her out of the whole thing, determined by then to teach her a lesson.

I made sure she was in earshot as I called Lourdes and chatted her up, eventually asking her out to dinner that night. I lucked out (or not) because she wasn't busy and agreed readily enough.

Iris showed no reaction, just sending me occasional inscrutable glances while she made us sandwiches in the kitchen.

I was seething by the time I hung up, and I could only hope poor Lourdes hadn't noticed.

"Happy?" I asked Iris.

"Happy is not the word I'd use," she said, tone just a touch warmer than idle.

She didn't say much to me as I got ready that night, donning the lone suit I'd packed. Never would I have imagined when I was packing it for this little love nest, that I'd be wearing it to go out with another woman.

I was pretty miserable about that.

I was fully dressed, ten minutes before it was time to go, when I approached her.

She was watching TV in the house's colossal living room, sitting slouched on the couch, looking bored as she flipped through channels.

I sat beside her, feeling overdressed in my suit, with her in her shorts and crop top.

I gripped her thigh and rubbed, watching her face.

She barely spared me a glance, still cycling through channels.

I set my jaw and moved to kneel in front of her, blocking her view.

She looked at me then, but the look told me nothing.

I leaned down and kissed her soft mouth, gripping her hair with one hand, the other rubbing between her legs, over her shorts, finding her cl*t with my thumb, and stroking circles around it.

She squirmed and kissed me back, but kept her hands to herself.

I slid the hand in her hair down, found a hand, and guided it to me to rub at me over my slacks.

I worked us both into a frenzy before I pulled back, panting. I glanced down as I pushed my hand inside a leg of her shorts, and finding her wet, shoved two fingers into her.

I stroked in and out, my other hand still guiding hers as it rubbed my straining length, still over my clothes.

She was on the edge when I yanked my fingers out of her, and stopped her hand on me, made it squeeze my tip, then pushed it away.

"Let's stop this nonsense right now," I told her firmly, trying to sound reasonable (which I didn't feel) instead of angry (which I did). "I don't want to go. I want to stay with you, right here, and finish what I just started. Tell me not to go."

She met my eyes steadily, and I knew what her response was before she said it. "No. I think you should go. I'll be here when you get back."

I slammed the front door when I left and didn't say goodbye.

I was so pissed that I had to pull over halfway there and get my temper in hand. I didn't want Lourdes to know how much I didn't want to do this. She didn't deserve that.

Lourdes was dressed to kill in a little black dress that showed off her toned legs and just a hint of cle**age. Her hair was parted down the middle, hanging in long, thick curls to her mid-back. Her makeup was sultry, bringing out her big, dark, mysterious eyes.

She was a knockout, for sure. If I wasn't so out of sorts, I was convinced I would have been drooling at the sight of her.

As it was, I had to dig deep to stay engaged, and act like nothing was wrong.

I'd gotten last minute reservations at Joel Robuchon, because Lourdes had told me once that French food was her favorite, and I'd made a note of it at the time, because I'd been working up the nerve to ask her out on a date. It was supposed to be one of the best, and most expensive, French restaurants in town.

It was certainly impressive at first glance, I noted, as we were shown to our table. The decor was luxe, but the place was nearly deserted. I figured that was because, though it was a Friday, the meals ran expensive, and when I say expensive, I mean five hundred dollars a plate, and that was before you added in the alcohol.

I wasn't worried about it. Money was literally the least of my problems, at this point.

Lourdes gushed about the place, admitting she'd been wanting to come here, but hadn't been on a date in ages.

I felt like the worst kind of despicable for that one, but consoled myself with the fact that at least I'd taken her someplace she'd wanted to go, even if I couldn't force myself to think of this as a real date.

We both decided to go with the sixteen course degustation menu, since that was what the waiter insisted we had to do.

I didn't care, my mind on staying out as late as possible, just to spite Iris and make her worry.

Lourdes, as much as she was a health nut, enjoyed each course, tasting everything as only a health nut, who rarely ate this extravagantly, could.

None of it was my cup of tea, but I kept silent about that, as I was used to sitting through meals that I knew I wouldn't necessarily enjoy. My parents had trained me well for that.

I tried the caviar, didn't like it, but pretended I did when Lourdes raved about it.

I barely got the Foie Gras down with a neutral expression, though Lourdes said it was the best she'd ever had.

My favorite part of the meal, by far, was the bread cart. I overloaded on carbs, knowing I'd have to make up for it with the next day's workout, and not caring, something about eating a bunch of stuff I didn't like exaggerating my hunger for something I actually enjoyed.

The sixteen tiny courses went by slowly, the full meal taking nearly four hours, and after a time, I did start to enjoy myself.

She was a very nice lady. Extravagantly beautiful. Very charming and even funny.

It wasn't her fault I couldn't look at it as a real date.

You can't go out with one woman, while being in love with another, and have it be a fair comparison.

"You didn't love it," Lourdes accused teasingly as I opened the passenger door and handed her into my Tesla.

I walked around the car and slid into the driver's seat before I responded. I sent her an apologetic smile. "It was very impressive. I don't believe I've ever been served food with real gold flakes on it before. That was definitely a highlight."

She laughed. "You hated it. Well, thank you for bringing me, anyways. I loved it, and even though I rarely let myself eat like that, it was so worth it."

"Then I'm glad we went."

She laughed again, a rich, happy laugh, the kind of laugh it felt good to listen to. "Well, next time, we'll have to pick your favorite kind of food, to make up for it."

And just that easy, I felt like a bastard again.

I took her to the newest Cirque show, at the Aria. Front row seats. It was hard to get those day of, but I knew a guy. Well, Turner did, but his guy was happy to hook me up, too.

The show was great, and after, we took a little walk around the casino, chatting about it.

I studied Lourdes as she spoke. She had the loveliest thick, deep sable hair. There were masses of it. I'd admired it from the first time I met her, and I realized suddenly that she was what I'd always considered my type. My wife had had dark, heavy hair, and deep mysterious eyes, as well.

When had it changed, my type? Was it the bitterness of the divorce that had soured my preference, or had it happened with my developing feelings for a wild, too young blonde?

I was pretty certain it was the latter.

It was late when I dropped Lourdes off, and we'd started early. Of course, a four-hour sixteen-course meal would make any night run long. Still, the stubborn part of me was hoping Iris had been worrying for every minute of my absence.

Lourdes actually invited me in for a drink, but I politely declined.

She kissed me, and I held very still and let her.

It had to have lasted a full two minutes before she reluctantly pulled away.

Now I really felt like a bastard. Just awful.

I wanted to take it back, to wash my mouth out with soap.

I didn't let it show, saying as polite of a goodbye as I could manage.

I felt horrible the entire way home. Just gross, disgusted with myself for using a friend.

She'd seemed to enjoy herself, seemed to hope for another date, though I hadn't mentioned so much as calling her again.

CHAPTER TWELVE

Iris was up and watching TV in the guest bedroom we'd been using when I got back to the house. She was lying on top of the covers, wearing nothing but a sheer white tank top and panties.

"How did it go? Did you hit it off?" she asked, tone casual, not even bothering to look at me.

I wanted to throttle her. "You know we didn't. It's impossible to have a real date with one woman while being in love with another."

"Well, it was worth a shot. You keep telling me that love is much less important than this age difference. Maybe the next date will go better."

"I am not f**king doing that again."

"I wasn't talking about you. I'm going out with the meathead tomorrow. We're going clubbing. It seems age appropriate."

My heart stopped. "You can't be serious. I only went out with that woman because you said-"

"I was referring to tonight only. You won't sway me on this. Did you kiss her?"

I started inching towards the bathroom. I honestly thought I might throw up.

Oh God, that awkward kiss that I hadn't even wanted. What was it going to cost me?

"Will you kiss him if I say yes?"

She shot me a surprised look, the first time she'd looked remotely interested since I'd gotten home. "Wow, how far did you guys go? Should I be jealous?"

I cursed, and cursed, and got nothing back. "We did not get far. She invited me into her house for a drink, and I said no. And I didn't say I'd call her, or say we'd go out again. If you're keeping score, remember that tomorrow."

"But you did kiss her."

"She kissed me, and I didn't stop her. I was trying to be nice."

She laughed, and it sounded almost bitter, for her. I wanted to cover my ears. She was always so sweet that it was near unbearable to listen to it turning sour. "How nice you are. Well, rest assured, I'll be nice tomorrow, too."

"Don't, please," I mouthed.

Why had I let Lourdes kiss me? Had it been to get some small ounce of revenge on Iris for making me go through that? Had I wanted her to be jealous?

Yes, that was it.

I felt like shit.

"How long of a kiss was it?"

"I don't know. I wasn't timing it." Lies, lies, lies.

"Was there tongue?"

I shut my eyes tight, picturing the huge guy from the park getting to kiss her, to wrap his beefy arms around her.

It was so wrong.

I moved to her, ready to beg. I crawled on the bed, burying my face in her belly.

She took pity on me and stroked my hair.

"It will be better if you just tell me. I'd hate to err on the side of caution."

"This is cruel. You know that, right? I didn't want anything to do with this nonsense."

"I didn't tell you to let her kiss you. There must have been something to it. I wouldn't have kissed anybody, if I'd gone out tonight."

I wanted to pull my hair out in frustration. "But you will now?"

"Yes, Dair, I will now. Just like I take your words seriously, I take your actions to mean something. You wanted us to try our own age. I'm going to give mine at least as much effort as you did."

I was shaking as I climbed on top of her. "I love you," I told her.

I didn't undress either of us, just took my dick out of my pants and shoved her panties to the side.

I f**ked her rough. She wasn't even ready, but I didn't stop. I was too upset and forgetting myself. I was too big of a man to forget my strength. I may well have bruised her, but she didn't complain.

"I love you too," she said softly, after I'd emptied myself inside of her. She hadn't gotten off. I could tell by her calm tone that she hadn't even come close. "But you keep telling me that's not enough."

I moved off her, shutting myself in the bathroom. My emotions were too raw to deal with her just then.

I took a bath, feeling wretched.

She joined me after a time, stripping down and climbing in to straddle me. She washed my hair, and I shut my eyes, still hoping to find some way to stop her.

"You won't do more than kiss him, will you?" I whispered.

"I'll give him an honest try, Dair. If he kisses me, and I want to do more, I will. I'm going to let it run its course, see if there's more to this age thing than I'd realized."

I shoved her off me, getting out of the bath. I didn't trust myself to be in the same room with her just then.

I didn't realize she was leaving until she walked out of the bathroom, fully dressed.

I shook my head. "No," I told her.

I couldn't let her leave me like this.

"I think it's best if I sleep somewhere else tonight. Tomorrow, too, probably."

I flinched. "Why are you punishing me like this?"

She just shook her head and walked out.

I tried to follow, to stop her, but even when I pinned her to the front door and kissed her, she only turned her face away.

"Come back here after the date. And be safe. Please."

She kissed my cheek and left without a word.

It was one of the worst nights of sleep of my life.

I worked out hard the next day, in Frankie's extensive home gym, went swimming, and took the dogs for three walks. I was trying to staunch the flow of awful anxiety inside of me with physical activity, and I couldn't have said if any of it helped.

I didn't know what to do that evening. I couldn't sleep, had no idea when I'd see her again, when I'd know just what she did on her date. I knew I'd lose it if she did more than kiss that guy. Just the kiss felt like more than I could handle.

I felt relief to the point of weakness, elation to the point of pain, when the doorbell rang around midnight.

I answered it shirtless, because who else could it be?

She met my eyes squarely as she walked past me, wearing a skimpy pink dress that showed off her spectacular body to perfection.

"You wore that for him?"

She sighed.

"Tell me," I growled at her.

"Yes, I wore this for him. It was a date. You dressed quite nicely for your date."

"How far did you ... ?"

"Only a kiss. A short kiss, though he did shove his tongue down my throat. He was a terrible kisser."

"Did you ... hit if off, other than the terrible kiss?"

She began to walk towards the kitchen, her body swaying in red stilettos. She toed them off between one room and the next, then lifted her dress over her head, dropping it on the floor.

I followed like a moth to a flame. I was that deep under her spell.

She was fully nude by the time she made it to the kitchen. She perched on the counter, parting her legs. "Of course not, Dair. I'm in love with you. It was a doomed experiment from the start, but now you'll know that I speak with authority when I tell you that your age theory is garbage."

I moaned, not from my throat but from my chest, my heart. "Never do that to me again."

I moved between her legs.

She shoved my boxers down, gripping me.

I was throbbing, burning for her. "Quit fighting against this, Dair, and start fighting for it. That's all I ask. Actually, I insist. Do you understand?"

I nodded, grabbing her tits with both hands, bending down and sucking at them until she shook and moaned.

I knelt down and ate her out, her hands clutched in my hair. I didn't stop when she came, my tongue on her clit, two fingers shoved deep inside of her.

I brought her over again. And again.

"God, you're amazing," she moaned.

As far as sops to my bruised ego went, that was helpful.

"Fuck me, baby. Come on."

I straightened, moving close. I sank into her slowly, leaning back to watch my c**k disappear inside of her, watched her cunt suck in every slow inch.

"You want this to be all yours, baby?" she asked me as I started to move hard inside of her.

"Yes, yes, you're all mine."

"You need to start acting like it. Don't be a passive partner. This relationship is not something that's happening to you. We are the drivers here. You're pretending that you just can't resist me, so you're letting it happen. I need more from you."

I didn't know how she could stay so coherent when I was losing my mind. I grunted an affirmative and f**ked her senseless.

I took her upstairs and delved into every inch of her. I was on her back, panting, buried in her, when she spoke again.

"Do you still think that our age difference is too much of an obstacle for us?"

"I don't care," I grunted over her. "I want you, regardless. I'll fight for you, for this. This is mine. You're mine." As though to prove a point, I took her hard, rutting into her from behind.

I felt her come and pulled out, still hard.

I hadn't been like this since my twenties, needing relief so many times. And even back then, I hadn't had a partner who met my needs with any kind of enthusiasm, even when I ate her out for hours. Iris was at least as insatiable as I was, perhaps more so, and my touch made her weak.

It was a heady feeling.

It was later when Iris suddenly left my arms, rose from the bed, and went into the bathroom.

Curious, I followed.

I came up behind her, watching her in the vanity mirror. Her face was downcast, her always thick lashes brought up to pinup status with some heavy mascara, her lipstick wiped clean, but her mouth still swollen and red.

She looked so vulnerable, and I wanted to ravage her again, just like that.

"Heath found us," she said quietly, and my entire body stiffened. "This house is being watched."

"I don't understand. How?"

"He made you the night you went out with Lourdes and has had eyes on us ever since. He was actually being considerate, letting me have a little time with you, as long as I wasn't risking myself, but he spoke to me tonight and said it's time to go back."

I shut my eyes tight, fists clenched. "No," I said firmly.

She didn't argue, just washed off her makeup and got back into bed with me.

I must have slept deeply that night, because I didn't rouse when she left.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

I was sitting through one of my rare phone conversations with my mother. She was going on about something, and all I could think, as I usually did, was what a strange woman she was. Or strange to me, at least. I'd never understood her. It was hard to even relate in the most superficial way, most of the time, though luckily she didn't require that of me.

We weren't close; she'd always been too busy for that, even when I was in diapers, but you wouldn't know it by our infrequent phone conversations. At least on her end, the flow of information seemed endless, as though we did this every day, not every six months.

Though it should be noted that, for my part, I hardly got a sentence in.

She'd been an English professor at Columbia for over forty years-starting at a time when it was rare to see women on campus, let alone teaching-and showed no signs of ever retiring. It was consuming work, always had been, and when she decided she had time to talk to me, she expected me to listen, even if we hadn't spoken a word to each other in months.

She was the epitome of successful not only in her career, but in her marriage and her personal associations.

The one thing I knew with certainty about her, more than anything else, was her need for the world to admire her and her accomplishments.

When the notion of a woman having it was mentioned, Susan Johnson-Masters should have come to mind. Married to a man as successful as herself, best friends with the first female vice president, a force to be reckoned with in academia, a feminist trailblazer, and the mother of a very successful author, to boot.

Of course, you couldn't look too closely at that mother part. A nanny or six had made sure that I, her only son, was fed and cared for, because she sure as hell hadn't been around for even one waking hour of each day to do it. And while I was a successful author, in her circles it couldn't help but be noted that I wrote fiction.

It wasn't that I was bitter about my mother's role in my life. I was a few decades too old to hold onto any mommy issues. But her part in my upbringing didn't need to be over-exaggerated. Even she would have emphasized that her priorities had never included being a caregiver.

And even when I'd been very young, I hadn't been bitter. I'd always been made aware of the fact (by her) that my mother had a mission in life that was far more important than just being one boy's mommy.

She had so much to live up to. Coming from a distinguished family, married to old money, and close childhood friends with two of the most notable women in the nation, one who grew up to be the VP of the United States, and the other the outspoken activist wife of a powerful senator.

If I was brutally honest with myself, Tammy had been something of a rebellious statement to my mother, which accounted for some of her attraction, at least in the beginning. She was no Susan Johnson-Masters, in fact many would say she was the polar opposite, with very few personal ambitions.

Back then, Tammy had fed me some lines about wanting to live a life with an emphasis on family, and my young, already work consumed self had eaten it whole. Wouldn't it be great to come home to someone who wanted to take care of my needs?

Years had turned into decades, and Tammy, who'd waxed poetic about wanting to be a mother, had somehow never quite been ready just yet for that step.

Twenty years later, and I was well aware that joke had been on me.

My mother's voice brought me back to our conversation.

"... As though that poor, dear woman hasn't been through enough ... "

Ah. I didn't have to wonder who the dear woman was, though I hadn't been listening prior. My mother and her two closest friends had achieved such a prominent, noted level of success that my mother had become accustomed to updating other people of each of their statuses before she was even asked. She did this when she spoke to me not because she even assumed I cared, but out of pure habit.

Though, incidentally, I did care.

The purpose of the automatic, obligatory update was for two reasons, as I saw it. One: To remind one and all about her important ties. Two: To assure everyone that the three influential women were as close as ever.

The dear woman could only be Diana, the VP. If she had said sweet, I'd have known she was referring to the senator's wife, Vera.

It went without saying that these two forces of nature could in no way be described as either dear or sweet, but you couldn't have paid me to tell that to my mother.

And of course, she knew they weren't either of these things, but calling them that was yet another reminder about how special their relationship was, pointing out to whoever was listening that she knew a side of them both that no one else had seen or would ever be privileged to.

"... First her daughter and son-in-law die in a tragic accident, leaving her to raise all three of her grandchildren herself. And soon after, her oldest grandson cuts all ties from her, turns criminal, and has to be hidden from the public," she continued. "And all before he was even eighteen. She could do nothing but suffer in silence and let him go. And then her granddaughters, those two beautiful, darling girls, both pass away, tragically, at such tender ages. And all of this she bears in silence, the epitome of a strong woman, and perseveres in her political career, holding the second highest office in the nation, a great example to all women ... "

She always spoke in what I liked to think of as her projecting/lecturing voice, every phrase thought out and rehearsed just so. She didn't need to use it with me, but it was old hat for her at this point.

"... And now this, this outrage, these accusations of corruption, and ties to the mob, and even talk of a criminal investigation! All with some mysterious person, this witness that's gathered this so called proof against her, yet remains anonymous!"

"You were saying, the last time we spoke, that there was finally some speculation that the deaths of her two granddaughters might be related," I interrupted her, because that was literally the only way I'd ever be getting a word in.

"I said that? No, no, that can't be right. They died a year apart. No connection, and that is all, sadly, water under the bridge. The press will forever have a field day with those two untimely tragedies, but it's no use now. Now there is something new and dire to deal with. Just as she's finishing up another successful term, she's become embroiled in a scandal. They are trying to put her behind bars, Alasdair. Can you believe that?"

"Well, it won't come to that, if she's innocent, right?"

I had my doubts about the innocent part. I knew Diana well enough to at least entertain the idea that she could be guilty. She was a formidable, terrifying woman, capable of eating her own young, as far as I could tell, but you could add that opinion to the list of things I'd never be telling my mother.

"Yes, yes, of course she's innocent, but think of the damage this is doing to her impeccable reputation. It is tarnishing her good name. She'll never be able to run for president, if this continues to escalate."

I made a note to tell Iris about this latest scandal whenever she showed up again. She abhorred politicians on principal, and I knew I'd get a kick out of her reaction to a VP with direct ties to the mob.

"Now I know you don't like to get sentimental ... "

Me? She thought I was the one that didn't like to get sentimental? This was news to me. Well, not news so much as the pot calling the kettle black.

" ... But, I don't know, I think it's all this thinking about what poor, dear Diana has been through with her grandchildren, and I just wanted to tell you that I love you. And, well, you must know this, but I'm extremely proud of you."

I felt instant remorse for my usual snarky thoughts about her. I'd just heard her mission statement so many damn times that it was easy to apply it in a way that dehumanized her, when I should have felt a touch more sympathy for the single hardest working person I'd ever met. I couldn't remember the last time she'd taken a vacation.

"Love you too, Mom," I said gruffly, the words feeling hopelessly unnatural, even if they were the truth.

When we finally hung up, I found myself searching online for news reports about Diana's granddaughter, Francis. She was the older of the two girls, the second to die in a tragic accident, and the one I'd actually known, however briefly.

She'd had an impact on me, though I'd only spent a small amount of time with her. She'd been in her early teens, but already brilliant, a prodigy, and she'd been absolutely thrilled to meet me on one of the rare vacations where our families had all gotten together. I recalled spending one memorable afternoon with her, where she'd interviewed me for some school project.

When I'd heard of her death, I'd been stunned. And crushed. I couldn't get over how tragic it was for such a bright young person to lose their life so early.

I started out looking for pictures, because I had this strange, crazy suspicion, centered straight in the deepest pit of my stomach, that I badly wanted to shake, but I wound up reading news articles about the accident that had taken her life, because it had never added up to me.

She'd died in a car accident, in the middle of a storm that had washed away an entire bridge, right as her driver had been trying to cross an overflowing river.

Two people and the car went missing, but only the driver's body and the car had been found. Based on that, she was presumed dead.

I delved deeper and found several reports from the fringe media, nothing mainstream, about possible foul play. It was all very out there-marks where the bridge had been that suggested explosives were the culprit, though the police statement vehemently denied anything of the kind.

Of course, the report then claimed that the police were in on it, or at the very least had been paid off.

It made me feel queasy. What had happened to that poor, sweet girl?

I had to move on from those crazy conspiracy theories, they got me too worked up, and so I moved back to my main purpose, which was finding a decent picture of Francis, though I couldn't exactly put my finger on why I needed to see one.

At least, not at first.

When I found a close up picture of her young face, I wished I hadn't.

Some strange memories started to flood my mind.

As though I'd blocked them over time and behind bitter grief.

Francis was a beautiful girl, with pin straight black hair and thick glasses that hid her clear, intelligent eyes.

My mind was suddenly a flurry of strange, forgotten memories.

Green eyes, I suddenly recalled, though not from the picture.

From memory, and not just years old memories.

My hands covered my mouth, nausea rising up, as I remembered another pertinent fact. I could recall some vague conversation I'd had with young Francis about her dying her hair black, a rebellious act, as her entire family, extended and otherwise, were blond from birth to death.

"I hate repeating myself," a gravelly voice said from the doorway of my office.

I whirled.

Heath stood there, arms folded across his chest, looking dangerous and mean.

"But I'll say it again. If you care about her, the first thing you'll do, if that happens again, is contact me."

"You're the vice president's grandson," I breathed, every messy thing clicking right into place. "The criminal."

All of the oxygen had been sucked out of the room, leaving the air too thin for me to catch my breath.

Because he didn't deny it. My crazy theory was actually correct.

He smirked, still managing to turn it into an angry expression. "It's been a bit more complicated than that. I started out as a criminal, got recruited as a spook, and now I'm working with the Feds, on account of my very personal interest in their current investigation."

A sudden and unexpected fury had my voice shaking. "How was I supposed to trust you, when neither of you told me anything? If you had bothered to tell me that you were her brother, I might have listened to you!"

"It was too risky. She didn't want you involved. More than anything, she wanted to keep you safe. She's essentially been a prisoner, and I'm not a complete bastard, I try to let her have as much freedom as I can."

"Well, you should have been more worried about keeping her safe!" I burst out.

His nostrils flared. "Don't you dare lecture me about keeping her safe. She'd never even be risking herself, coming out of hiding like this, if it wasn't for you. God, do you know how long she's had a thing for you? For years. She was a child. It's so messed up."

"Don't you think I know that?" I shouted, all of it coming to a head, and Heath being the closest target at hand. "I never said an inappropriate word to her, never had so much as a thought like that, back then."

"It was all one-sided, I know," Heath agreed. "Only makes it slightly less f**ked up.

"I never would have touched her, when she approached me, if I had any inkling who she was!"

"It's a bit late for that, and you're underestimating her. She was very determined, and she's a resourceful girl." He nodded at my computer. "She's been stalking you for a while, though she'd call it research."

I followed his nod to my computer, then looked back at him. "What exactly do you mean by that?"

"Everything you've ever looked up on there, book research, entertainment. Every p**n you've watched in the last, hell, who knows how many years, she's hacked all of it. As soon as she found out you were divorced, she went to work on you. She researched everything that makes you tick, and tailor-made herself into your perfect temptation."

I was shaking my head, over and over, in denial. This could not be happening, not to me.

Her age had been hard for me to accept before, but this, this was creepy.

And so sordid that I doubted I could ever come to terms with it.

Talk about a mind f**k.

Without another word, I rushed to the bathroom and lost my lunch, quite violently.

Heath was waiting when I came back out. He wasn't finished with me, which was good.

I wasn't finished with him either. "So who is it that's made, what is it, now, two attempts on her life?"

His mouth tightened. "More than two, though only two have gotten close to succeeding. The bridge explosion in Virginia, and the shooting in L.A., a few months back. And the responsible party is our loving grandmother."

That threw me. I just stared at him. Why on earth ... ?

"Dear Grandma Diana has been a dirty politician before it was even a trend. She's hid it well from the public, but it's hard to hide a thing like that from your family, especially the ones that have a borderline genius IQ."

"Iris is the witness that's gathered evidence against her," I said, right as it dawned on me.

He nodded. "Solid evidence, made much more solid if she survives long enough to actually testify on the stand. What could be more damaging to someone's ambition to be president than a granddaughter willing to bear witness about dear Granny's evil deeds? And the list of crimes is mind-boggling, let me tell you. High crimes and misdemeanors just won't cover this one. Not with at least three murders in the mix."

I thought back, counting. "Your parents?" I guessed.

He nodded. "Them first. We don't know why. We can only assume that like us, they knew too much, and weren't willing to be quiet about it. But we do know why she killed Lorna, and that one wasn't even done with a hit man."

I just stared. Lorna was the younger sister, but I couldn't for the life of me remember the circumstances behind her death.

"She drowned in the backyard pool, shortly after overhearing a conversation our grandmother had where she admitted to having her own daughter killed. But before that, she told Iris what she'd heard."

"Iris, being the brilliant, resourceful girl that she is, began to collect evidence, to build a case, in secret. She did this for years."

He took a deep gasp of a breath, looking more agitated even than he usually did.

"I was long gone by then. I ditched out when I realized what kind of a monster our grandmother was. Unfortunately, I left a bit too early, before I realized that she was a monster actually capable of killing her own family."

I could tell by the tremor in his voice what his abandonment of them did to him. He held himself responsible.

"But you came back in time to save Francis from the first attempt on her life."

He shook his head, nostrils flared. "Not hardly. That girl saved herself, swam out of a deathtrap, hiked five miles to a farmer's house, and called me. I was ... involved in doing some interesting jobs for the government at the time, and luckily I had the connections to get her protection, though when someone that powerful wants you dead, safety becomes a rather tricky notion."

"What sort of evidence does she have? Is it actually necessary for Iris to take the stand?"

"Enough," he said abruptly. I could tell by his demeanor that this rare and liberal flow of information was being shut down. "I didn't come here because I enjoy chitchatting with you. I came to give you enough answers so you'll have a clue what you need to do if Iris endangers herself to see you again."

"Francis," I corrected quietly, feeling just sick about it.

"Iris," he stressed. "She goes by Iris now. If ever anyone deserved a fresh start in life, it's her."

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Three days later, Iris showed up at my door, goodbye in her eyes.

She didn't even try to touch me, in fact, she stayed several feet away at all times, and I found myself relieved by that.

"Hello, Francis," I said stonily.

She flushed. "Please don't call me that. I'm Iris now. Always."

"I came to apologize, and to say my piece, now that it's all out there."

I watched her, arms folded across my chest, trying to reconcile all of the things I felt about her.

Guilt, longing, disgust, desire, shame, tenderness, anger, pity, animosity.

Love.

Yes, still that.

But what did that matter? How could a situation so screwed up possibly amount to anything?

"First off, do you have any questions?" Her voice was very small, as though she was all of a sudden intimidated by me.

I hated that, but saw the necessity of it. "What was real? I know you researched me, to shape yourself into what you thought I wanted. I want to know what was real."

She took a very deep breath, and began to speak, "In every relationship, there's someone that loves the other more, someone that would be crushed if it all ended. Between you and me, I am that someone. I've always known it would be like that."

I studied her like I'd never seen her before, wondering what on earth to do with her.

"I've loved you for so long it's become part of the patchwork that makes me who I am. You are the thing that drives me to go on, to stay safe in a world that lost its use for me years ago. You have no faith in me, which is fair, though it makes me sad, but my faith in you saved my life."

Her fists were clenched, and she looked like she was about to cry.

It took everything I had not to take her in my arms, but the worst thing I could do was lead her on, and so I held myself back.

"That's what was real, Dair," she continued in a trembling voice. "My love for you is the realest thing I know. I'd like for you to remember that."

We were both quiet for the longest time, just looking at each other, tears trailing down her cheeks in a steady flow.

"Goodbye," she said finally, in a choked voice, and fled.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

She didn't come back, and I'm ashamed to admit, for about the first six months, I was mostly relieved about that.

I was just so conflicted where she was concerned.

It was touted as the trial of the century, though Diana J. Baker wasn't technically the vice president anymore when it all took place.

I didn't get a front row seat for the proceedings. Hell, I didn't get a seat at all.

I was left as in the dark as everyone else in the country, watching the coverage on television.

Diana had a wily team of attorneys who postponed and argued about every little detail, insisting until the very end that the entire case needed to be thrown out.

The evidence against her, however, was staggering. Countless incriminating papers with her signature, accurate accountings of exactly where and when specific crimes took place, recordings of her admitting to illegal acts, and shock of shockers, even videotape of the woman alluding to her part in some of the crimes.

When it became public that the mysterious witness who'd gathered the brunt of the evidence was the assumed dead granddaughter, well, needless to say, the press had a field day.

About a third of the evidence was ruled inadmissible, but the other two thirds were more than enough to do the trick.

She was found guilty for an impressive roster of crimes, including multiple counts of conspiracy, extortion, racketeering, money laundering, bribery, embezzling, voter fraud, felony counts of financial corruption, obstruction of justice.

The list went on and on. Diana had been playing a very dirty game for her entire political career, and it was finally all laid out there, for the world to see.

They even managed to get her for tax evasion.

They couldn't make the murder charges stick, but the rest would keep her in jail for the remaining years of her life, and more importantly, completely destroyed her reputation and effectively ended her political career.

Her husband, Jonathan Mitchell Baker, was also dragged into the mess, facing many of the same charges. His lawyers sold him as the silent, innocent spouse, but he didn't fare much better than his wife.

Iris, with her hair dyed black again, glasses on, looking solemn and achingly beautiful as she took the stand in the eleventh hour of the proceedings, became a national sensation overnight, particularly with the male half of the country. She started getting added to hottest and sexiest lists in various publications, and was considered, in general, to be something of a hero. People loved the idea of a gorgeous, brave, brilliant young thing taking on a crooked politician and coming out ahead.

I'd graduated from conflicted to just missing her by then.

Of course, no one that big ever went down alone, and as numerous dangerous figures became implicated in the crimes, the danger to Francis Baker, as she was known, was overwhelming.

It all came to a head just days after she finished testifying. The story went that, while in transit, at a stoplight, a van pulled up beside the car she was being transported in, and six men in ski masks jumped out of said van.

She was dragged from the car, and her driver and one of her bodyguards, who were both wounded in the attack, witnessed her being shot at point blank, in the temple. One of her bodyguards was also reportedly killed, a big blond man, they said, though no name was divulged.

I was devastated, though I didn't believe, at first, that any of it was true.

It was just too convenient, her disappearing forever only after completing her mission.

It's not like it would be the first time she'd faked her own death.

But weeks turned into months, months to years, with still no word from her, or even of her, and I began to believe.

EPILOGUE

TWO YEARS AFTER THE TRIAL

I was jogging through the park park, just outside my neighborhood. It was rare outside weather for Vegas. We got about one day of it a year, and I figured I should take advantage.

I was stopping to take a drink and tighten a shoelace when I felt something. An odd sensation across the back of my neck that had me looking up and then around, doing nearly a full circle before I spotted what it was that had disrupted my peace of mind.

It was Heath, the bastard, striding towards me, his hard eyes on me as though no time had passed.

It was a shock to see him, to say the least.

A shock and a joy, as he was connected to Iris, and anything connected to her, anything that could give me information, or even closure, was what I had most desired to see these two long, lost years.

But that wasn't the thing that had a weight pressing in on my chest like concrete.

On his hip was a small child, a boy.

The boy was wrapped around him, head on his shoulder as though Heath was a normal human, instead of a Heath.

A human that the boy adored.

It was perturbing. All of it.

But one thing in particular was the most perturbing of all.

The boy did not look like him. It may have been his child, but he did not favor him.

The boy had messy brown hair, and as he drew closer, I saw his warm caramel eyes. In fact, every feature of his face, from his straight little nose, to his tiny clenched jaw, and his pursed little mouth was familiar to me.

My heart seized up in the most horrible, wonderful way. My teeth were clenched so hard my jaw ached.

It was indescribable, this feeling of absolute certainty and disbelief.

I could not take my eyes off that child, not from a distance and especially not when they got very close.

The boy could not take his eyes off me either.

His head straightened up from Heath's shoulder as he studied me nearly as intently as I was studying him.

Heath ruffled the boy's hair and kissed him on the forehead, like he'd done it a million times. They were obviously close.

That made my eyes swing to him and glare.

Heath glared right back, but when he tilted his head and looked down at the boy, his eyes softened to unrecognizable.

He adored this child.

"This 'im, Unca Heaf?" the child asked.

"Yeah, sport, it sure is. Can't you tell? You look just like him."

I couldn't breathe, couldn't speak, couldn't form a coherent thought, my whole astonished self wrapped up in this little person I'd only just set eyes on, only discovered existed an endless minute ago.

I tried to clear my throat, to say something, because I had questions I needed answers to, but it all escaped me, powerful emotion moving through me like a Mack truck, all of it rushing up to clog my throat and bring moisture to my eyes.

"Dair," Heath said, his tone changing, cooling, of course, when he was talking to me. "Meet Cameron Alasdair Masters."

I almost fell to my knees right there. What breath I had left was knocked clean out of me.

My middle name was Cameron.

She'd given him my full name, every piece of it.

If him looking like a miniature version of myself wasn't enough to tell me who this child was, certainly the name did.

Little Cameron blinked his big eyes at me once, twice. "Daddy?" His voice was tentative, and it was clearly a question.

He knew who I was. He'd been told about me.

Even the two year old was more apprised of the situation than I was. He was clearly related to Iris and Heath.

I had to clear my throat three times to get my answer out. "Yes," I told my son emotionally. "I'm your daddy."

He reached out an arm to me, and I wasn't sure what to do.

I shifted closer, even getting into Heath's personal space to accommodate this little child's silent request.

Cameron patted my shoulder, giving me a few expectant blinks. "Hugs," he said, tugging me into both him and Heath, forcing me and the other man into an awkward group hug.

Heath didn't say one word, just let out a little protesting grunt and let the child have his way.

Carefully and determinedly, I peeled Cameron off and away from him, clutching him to me. Holding my son for the very first time.

"Hugs," I finally agreed, squeezing my eyes shut tight as his little arms wrapped snugly around my neck.

We stayed like that for a very long time; him burrowed into me, me taking deep breaths as I processed the fact that I was a father.

Finally, I looked up at Heath, who watched me back with a gimlet-eyed Heath expression.

"Is she ... ?" I couldn't even finish the question.

"She's alive and well, in protective custody until all of the things she needs protection from are taken care of, which shouldn't be too much longer. I've eliminated all but a few as of now."

"She never even told me she was pregnant," I said slowly, trying to keep my voice calm.

The shock was ebbing and some righteous anger was flowing right back in to take its place.

"She couldn't. She didn't have the opportunity. And she was trying to spare you the pain of thinking you'd lost them both, instead of just her."

My voice was less calm as I shot back, "Over two years without a word. How could she keep this from me for so long? How could she keep everything from me? I thought she was-"

Heath had not one iota of understanding or empathy in either his face or his words. Just the opposite. But that was Heath for you. In this particular situation, it had an almost calming effect on me, strange as that was.

"You're a fool," he said, voice low. "If she'd come to you earlier, she never could have stayed, not for any length of time. And besides that, you know she'd never put you in danger. For some reason I can't fathom, she loves you."

That had something painful and wonderful blooming deep in my chest. In spite of everything, the time lost, the grief spent, the uncertainty and the confusion, I loved her still. Even if it was coming from Heath, it was so good to hear that she was alive and well and might still love me back.

"Now, or soon, it will be safe for her to come to you, if you want that. You haven't moved on, so I assume you still want her?"

I didn't hesitate, I'd had years to put things in perspective, but I could only nod. I wasn't capable of discussing my feelings with Heath. That would be as pointless as explaining poetry to a fish. Well, in this case, more like a shark.

He pulled a folded piece of paper out of his back pocket and thrust it at me.

I took it, shooting him a questioning look, unable to unfold it with only one hand.

"That's a list of the things you'll need for him. If I were you, I'd head to the store right away. Welcome to parenthood. Hopefully you don't suck at it, because you're on your own for a month or so."

"You-you're leaving him with me?"

"What, you don't want him? I'm happy to take him back with me."

"No, no, no, I didn't mean that. I want him. I was just startled."

Heath was ignoring me by then, his eyes on Cameron, his whole face transformed to give my son a loving smile.

"Remember what I told you, sport?"

"Grown-ups always come back," Cameron said instantly, like he'd been taught to memorize it.

"That's right. We do. So I'll be back, and your mommy will be back. And this time, you'll all get to live together as a family. Won't that be awesome?"

"Awesome!" Cameron responded instantly.

After one last kiss on the top of Cameron's head, Heath left.

I carried my child the entire way home. I was sure he could have walked some of it, but I didn't care. I wasn't letting him go.

We were nearly to the house when my son said, his little voice faulting, "Mommy misses you-daddy-she misses you so much!"

I blinked rapidly, but that didn't stop the tears from filling my eyes. "I miss her too, son. So much."

"I misses you, too," he added, his cute little bottom lip jutting out.

That gutted me like nothing else. "I missed you, too. Like you wouldn't believe. But we'll never be apart again. You're staying with me for good."

"You pwomise?"

"I promise."

I headed straight to Target with the list and Cameron in tow. It was an ordeal, but eventually I found everything I needed, and then spent two hours in the toy department.

Going from living by myself to having a toddler in the house was an adjustment, but a welcome one. He was good company.

I showed him the flowers I'd had planted, years ago, in every possible piece of dirt on the property. "Do you know your mommy's first name?" I asked him.

"Mommy?" he guessed.

I smiled and patted his head. "That's her name to you, but her name to me is Iris. Do you know what all these flowers are called?"

He looked around. They were everywhere. He shook his head.

"Iris."

His cute little brow wrinkled. "Are you saying my mommy's a fwower?"

"No, but she's named after a flower, and these are her favorites. You think she'll be happy when she sees how many we have at our house?"

With wide eyes, he nodded.

About three weeks after Cameron arrived, I started watching for her. I couldn't help myself. The idea that she could show up at literally any moment consumed me.

I put in a daily order for bouquets of Iris, vase after vase, until they filled every spare table space in the house.

Cameron eagerly helped me find just the right spaces for them all, nearly as anxious to see his mother again as I was.

Of course she came in the night. Always the element of surprise with my Iris.

Cameron slept a few doors down. I'd been taking time off writing to play catchup with him, and we'd been working on transforming that room for him. So far, I'd filled it with kids furniture, had it painted green, and plastered the walls with an assortment of peel-able stickers of all of his favorite characters, from Thomas to The Cookie Monster.

I'd read him eight stories before he finally conked out. I had high hopes that I had a future author on my hands. It always started with the devouring of books.

I was already aware enough of his sleep patterns to know that he'd be out until morning, and so when my bedroom door opened slowly in the middle of the night, I didn't suspect for a second that it was Cameron.

The sound of the door being decisively closed and locked, then the quiet shuffle of clothing being discarded was further proof.

My heart started pounding. I didn't know, but I hoped with all my heart that it was her.

In our time apart, I'd managed to come to terms with a great many things. Missing a person desperately will do that.

I swallowed hard, and called out, "Iris?"

I heard her gasp, and from the gasp, I knew.

She answered by climbing into bed with me.

I wrapped my arms around her, and just held her for a very long time, no words needed.

Of course that didn't last forever. I was wide awake, with a na**d body pressed to me that I'd been longing for for years.

I began to touch her, remembering each lush curve with my reverent hands.

She trembled under my touch, and it quickly turned from reverent to carnal, hungry.

I was trying to go slow, but she snapped first, moving to straddle me. She took me inside of her, and it was every bit the heaven I remembered.

We took each other in the dark, reacquainting ourselves by feel alone.

I woke in the morning reaching for her.

Warm sunlight infiltrated through the partially drawn shades, and my fingers met warm, na**d flesh.

I was a second away from mounting her when I heard the clanking sound of the handle on my locked door being twisted back and forth, then some little fists beating on the door.

Beloved green eyes met mine, still blinking away sleep.

"Fuck," I mouthed.

I really could have used at least five more minutes alone with her, but I got over it quickly.

Iris got a little misty eyed when she saw the first vase of flowers and was swaying on her feet by the sixth.

We hadn't even made it downstairs by then.

I anchored her to me, her back to my front, kissing her temple, her cheek, her ear, her jaw.

"Every single day that I've waited for you," I told her quietly, "and missed you, I regretted that I never got to buy you flowers. I plan to make up for that, every day for the rest of our lives."

She started crying, and Cameron rushed to hug her legs, asking where her owie was.

"No owie, sweet pea," she told him, patting his head. "Sometimes grown-ups cry when they're very happy, when they get something really nice, that they never expected."

We went down to the kitchen.

Iris started getting out the ingredients for French toast.

"Really, Iris, is that appropriate, in front of the boy?" I teased.

She giggled, and I loved it.

It was after breakfast, Cameron was coloring at the table, and I'd cornered Iris in the living room, then pulled her onto my lap, filling my hands with her.

She melted against me, but her eyes were serious. "On a scale of one to ten, how mad at me are you?"

Nothing had changed. I couldn't hold onto my anger at her for long, couldn't even summon any up if I'd tried, and that wasn't only the lust talking. A big part of it was lust, but the rest was sheer, unadulterated relief.

I tried to explain this to her, but she wouldn't believe me, so I told her she could make it up to me with a lot of raunchy sex.

"I think we might need to get a nanny," she whispered in response. "I have two years' worth of sexual frustration that I'm planning to take out on you, way more than I can keep relegated to nap and bedtime hours."

That sounded like about the best thing I'd ever heard in my life.

We got married at a drive-thru chapel, exactly twenty minutes after we had our marriage license squared away, because we were in an inexplicable rush, and Iris claimed she'd always wanted a tacky, quickie Vegas wedding.

Cameron, who was sitting in the backseat, got a real kick out of it.

It was perfect. I wouldn't have changed a thing.

Iris and Cameron had come home, and they'd brought my home with them.

SOME HAPPY MONTHS LATER

My mother and father were shocked but thrilled when they found out they had a grandson. They had given up on that possibility years ago, which made it doubly joyful for them to be grandparents.

The circumstances that brought Cameron to them, however, they were not so thrilled about.

Any reminder of who the child's mother was, or of her age, had them tight lipped and stiff, to say the least.

Iris seemed to enjoy getting a rise out of them, and playing it up, going into her most outrageous mood within a few minutes of being in their company. It positively tickled her.

Motherhood and marriage hadn't tamed that wild thing inside of her.

Though in all fairness, my parents tended to walk right into it. Especially my mother.

"So you're twenty-one now, Francis?" My mother asked her over the first course of dinner.

"Yes, and I go by Iris."

"So young to be married and with a child," my mother emphasized.

She was civil to Iris, but always in her tight expression, her pursed mouth, and her passive aggressive words, remained a silent but apparent disapproval.

I didn't even have to ask, I knew why.

Not only did she think Iris was way too young for me, way too young for things to ever last, she also held my wife responsible for putting her oldest and closest friend behind bars.

It made for some interesting family dinners.

"Twenty-one? Oh that's nothing. You're forgetting that I was barely legal when Dair knocked me up."

I had to cover my mouth to hide a laugh, then pat my dad roughly on the back when he nearly choked on his soup.

Iris beamed at him like he'd just made her day.

"Why would Daddy knock you, Mommy?" Cameron asked, looking back and forth between the adults, clearly confused.

"Daddies knock Mommies when they love each other very much, baby," she told him without missing a beat.

"Is he going to knock you again?"

"Oh yeah. He knocked me just before dinner, sweetie."

My dad was turning an interesting shade of red, and my mother's gasps were filling the room, one after another.

Cameron's face screwed up. "Does it hurt?"

"Naw, baby. Your daddy knows just what he's doing. He's a superb knocker."

My mother stopped with the snide comments for quite some time after that round.

We got Cameron his first puppy for Christmas. His reaction when he found out was one of the happiest moments of my life, a moment of pure, perfect joy.

I was unspeakably grateful to Iris for saving that little slice of bliss for me.

We watched him frolicking in the backyard with his brand new golden retriever puppy.

"Did you know he'd be that happy to get a dog?" I asked Iris.

She was on my lap in an oversized rocking chair, head back on my shoulder, hands resting over mine on the armrests. "I had a hunch."

"Well, thank you for waiting for me on that. It means a lot to me."

"Oh just wait. You ain't seen nothin' yet."

I smiled and kissed her temple. "Are you going to explain that, or do I need to guess?"

She gripped my hands harder, then dragged them over to rest on her flat belly. "Know what Cameron wanted even more than a puppy?"

My heart stopped, then started pounding like a freight train.

I heard the smile in her voice. "A little brother."

It wasn't a little brother.

It was a gorgeous baby girl, but Cameron didn't mind one bit.

