CHAPTER ONE

First Impressions

Pleasure, beyond her wildest fantasies.

"That's a helluva promise to make. Because some people have pretty wild fantasies," Jack said as he rattled off the tagline attached to the tall purple device that boasted twelve different settings designed to serve up "exquisite stimulation."

"That's exactly why we're making that promise," Casey replied as she hopped up on the edge of his desk and crossed her legs, absently kicking a high-heeled foot back and forth like a pendulum. "Because this bad boy can de-li-ver. Stories, I can tell you," she said, and Jack quickly held up a hand as a stop sign.

"I'll have to trust you on that."

She rolled her stormy blue eyes, the same shade as his. "Don't go all squeamish on me."

"Has nothing to do with squeamishness," he said, shaking his head. "You can just keep this on the list of things I never want to hear-stories about my little sister and our newest product."

"You don't have to trust me when it comes to The Mona," she said, grasping the toy and cradling the newest vibrator in her hand, stroking it lovingly. "Trust our product testing group, otherwise known as The Happiest Ladies in the World."

"Do they walk around all blissed out, mouths open, eyes glazed?" Jack teased, hanging his jaw open in demonstration. Not mockingly, of course. He was a big fan of that deliciously sated look a woman wore after an orgasm. Usually multiple Os. At least, as far as he was concerned.

Casey snapped her fingers. "Allow me to quote some feedback from one of our testers. 'The Mona is like a direct line to a pleasure palace I didn't even know existed inside of me.' Now that I think about it, we should rename this one The Wizard, because this is the closest anyone will ever come to real magic here." She stopped, took a beat. "Get it? Come?"

He nodded, a small smile tugging at his lips. "I do get it. Wasn't a hard one to wrap my head around," he said, tapping his temple.

"See? You've got the hang of the puns too. Hard one," she repeated.

"Been running this business with you for five years now, Casey. I'm well acquainted with your style. And with the magic we're peddling."

"Abracadabra," she said, miming waving a magic wand. "Joy delivered."

That's what the company they ran was called-Joy Delivered-and Jack had a meeting in an hour with one of the city's top purveyors of pleasure products, Eden. The classy shop on the Upper East Side, conveniently located above a private BDSM club Eden also ran, had been actively promoting another device, the Dancing Dolphin. That triple speed, nearly noiseless, terrifically thrilling pocket vibrator had developed a cult following among legions of erotic book club readers, who praised it as the perfect companion while they read one-handed, often about BDSM storylines, as it turned out. The dom-sub lifestyle wasn't Jack's personal cup of tea, but he was glad for whatever floated someone's boat enough to open the bedside drawer and grab a toy.

Yeah, business was good thanks to the erotica craze that had swept not just the country, but also the world, and had made it more acceptable to bring another party into the bedroom, even if the third party required batteries. Nothing wrong with self-love or with calling in backup between the sheets, Jack reasoned.

"Are you going to take this with you to your meeting tonight with Henry and Marquita?" Casey handed him The Mona, but Jack quickly shook his head.

"They've already seen it. We're just finalizing the paperwork for the new shipment. We're beyond the giggle-at-the-dildo stage of conversation."

"But it's still nice to see the pleasure tools. Especially since they're going to that sexuality conference at The Pierson, right?"

"Right. He said he'd be attending some sessions in the afternoon. And yet, call me crazy," he said, stopping to scratch his chin, "I think I might prefer not to display a nine-inch fake schlong on the table at The Pierson Hotel. It's a classy joint."

"And all their guests are probably slipping plastic purple friends under those twelve-hundred thread count sheets at that classy joint. That's why you hear so many high-pitched screams at The Pierson," Casey said, rising from the desk, and slapping a palm on it to accentuate her punch line. With her other hand, she tossed him the newest toy, her blond hair swishing around her face from the throw. "Take it, Jack. Maybe he wants to bring a present home to his wife."

"Not one that's been manhandled already."

"That's what the toy cleaner is for," she said, reaching for a bottle of anti-bacterial cleaner from the edge of his desk and tossing it next. He caught it easily, snatching it out of the air.

"By the way, send Marquita my love. Tell her and Henry I say hi."

Casey sauntered out of his office and Jack grinned, tsking her playfully under his breath. No way in hell was he bringing this device along, and it had nothing to do with being embarrassed, and everything to do with keeping it simple. He wasn't a bag man; he didn't want to tote his laptop to a meeting, along with a toy in the side pocket. A wallet, phone and keys were all he needed, so he left the rest behind as he stood up, pushed a hand roughly through his dark hair, and then jammed his phone into the pocket of his pants. He grabbed the cranberry-colored tie slung over the back of his chair and looped it around his neck, tying a neat knot. Best to look sharp for the team at Eden. New York was still very much a suit-and-tie town, and so Jack wore the requisite uniform.

He was about to step out of his office when Casey popped back in, the look in her eyes now intense and serious. "Don't forget your appointment tomorrow at two."

He held out his hands wide, and grumbled, "I know."

She pointed at him and pursed her lips as she leaned in the doorway. "It's important."

"Yes, Mommy."

"Oh, ha, ha, ha. But you need it," she said, and she was right. Jack hadn't been the same since he'd lost his fiancee a year ago, and he needed to get his head screwed on right. Correction. His heart. He needed to get that annoying organ fixed.

If it were even possible.

That was the question.

But tonight, his mind was on business, plain and simple, so he headed off to The Pierson to finalize the deal.

* * *

Michelle Milo had sex on the brain.

Dirty, sweaty, slick sex. Limo sex. Office sex. Swanky-nightclub-bathroom sex.

Unfortunately, none of these were positive images, because they had nothing to do with her sex life, but instead her client's philandering husband.

And she was dying to shout, leave him.

She wanted to scream it, to slash it on the wall in orange paint, to get down on her knees and beg. But Shayla needed time to come to the realization on her own, even though it seemed patently fucking obvious that she should not only leave that cad of a husband, but kick him several times in the balls too.

"I just keep thinking about The Owl. It has these low lights, almost kind of a blue light, and the bathroom is all tiled in black, and I had such great memories about our time there," Shayla recounted, referring to a club in Los Angeles where her husband had been caught having sex with his assistant last month. "It was our place," she said, wiping a tear that had already streaked the mascara from her eyelashes, sending a black jagged line down one porcelain cheek. "Well, back when I used to want to have sex with him."

Michelle reached for a tissue from the box next to her, handed it to her twice-weekly client, and waited as she dabbed away the evidence of her sadness. Shayla sunk lower in the couch, framed behind her by abstract prints on the wall of the Lexington Avenue offices where Michelle ran her psychology practice. "What is it that bothers you most? Is it that he slept with another woman? Or that he slept with her someplace where you did in the past? Or is it something else?"

Shayla bit her lip and looked away, perhaps not wanting to deal with the something else possibility that had brought her here in the first place. Not that it was her fault that her husband had a dick that needed to be locked up and sent straight to jail for its one eye that wandered ALL. THE. TIME.

Shayla faced a different set of challenges, and that's what Michelle needed to help her with. She gently prodded her client, who sat frozen like a statue, her jaw set hard, as if she needed to hold all her fears inside. "Or is it because you think it's your fault that he isn't faithful?" Michelle asked cautiously.

"It is my fault," Shayla squeaked out, insistent. "I haven't wanted to have sex ever since we had kids."

"And you think that makes it your fault that he's cheating on you?"

"Isn't it?"

Michelle shook her head. "Of course it's not. He's responsible for his actions, and only you can decide if you want to hold him accountable for them. But we also need to keep getting at the root of the why for you. We spend a lot of time focusing on him and his actions, but we need to dive into why you don't want to have sex with him. Because you lost interest well before he started cheating on you," she said. That's why Shayla was here, to focus on her own intimacy issues, since that was Michelle's specialty-helping patients work through relationship challenges and fears of closeness. Shayla's were compounded because her husband was an ass. But first things first. There would be time to deal with him later.

"Let's talk about why ..."

Forty-five minutes later, Michelle flashed a small smile at Shayla, pleased that her client was making a modicum of progress. Some days, progress was glacial, and sometimes it was cheetah fast. All that mattered was that Shayla seemed to be moving forward. Michelle said goodbye to her, then checked her schedule for tomorrow on her laptop. It would be another full day, with a new patient appointment, too. The evening ahead of her was packed as well-she had a presentation to give at a sexuality conference, sharing some of her findings with other psychotherapists on sex and love addiction. She had experience in that area, having helped guide several patients through the throes of addiction and into recovery, and the president of the New York Chapter of the Association of Intimate Relationship Psychologists had invited her. Carla Kimberly had been a mentor to her over the years, and had referred patients to Michelle, so it was a double honor to have been asked to speak tonight.

She smoothed a hand over her pencil skirt, adjusted the collar on her crisp white blouse, and changed from flats to her black pumps. She grabbed her work phone from the clutter of papers on her desk, but the battery was almost drained.

Crap.

Having two phones, an iPad and a laptop turned into a juggling act when it came to keeping them all charged. She forwarded the work phone to her personal cell in case her service called. On the way out, she stopped in the office bathroom to brush her teeth and touch up her lipstick.

There. Now she was ready for a quickie meeting at The Pierson.

She laughed to herself. Quickie. Too bad she wasn't having a quickie of another kind. It had been a while since she'd had one of those. She'd dated an actor for a few weeks in late spring, and she replayed some of her dates with Liam fondly. He'd been outgoing, gorgeous and quite capable with his hands, so they'd done plenty, but nothing close to a quickie.

The problem was even when she'd been pressed up against Liam, she'd been thinking of Clay. Her very good friend who also happened to be the man she'd been madly in love with for ten years. Clay, the gorgeous, sexy, smart entertainment lawyer, and best friend of her brother.

Oh, but there was one teeny, tiny little problem with that overflow of feelings she had for Clay. He didn't love her, and hadn't even known how she felt about him. To add insult to injury, he was happily in love with another woman. A month ago, he'd gone and married that woman in Vegas.

Yep, Michelle Milo, one of Manhattan's most sought-after shrinks, a true specialist in intimacy and well known for helping to heal heartache, was the poster child for unrequited love. Might as well slap a big L on her forehead. God, she was an idiot, and the definition of an oxymoron-she spent her days advising others, and her nights longing for someone she couldn't have.

She was doing her best to move on and push Clay far out of her heart. Like, ideally, into another galaxy. She'd been taking her medicine for the last few months, blasting loud anti-love songs in her apartment from her favorite musician Jane Black, trying out bowling with some of her colleagues, dabbling in Spanish lessons, and finally training for a 10K marathon she finished last month. She'd never been a fan of running, but it was growing on her solely because the relentless pound of her feet against concrete was starting to numb her feelings for her good friend.

The best method for moving on, though, was work, and she loved her job more than anything in the world. Burying herself in other people's woes was her deepest passion; the chance to help someone else change and become healthier her greatest joy. She headed off to the conference, eager to dive into work for the rest of the night as she shared some of her findings at the meeting.

The Pierson was only a few blocks away so she arrived ten minutes later at the swank hotel, one of those upscale establishments that doubled as a den for both sin and business with its lobby bar boasting blue neon lighting, its drinks in toweringly tall and thin glasses, and hip music playing in the background.

As she waited for the elevator she couldn't help but notice a smoking-hot man in the hotel bar, chatting animatedly with others at his table. She catalogued his features quickly-broad chest, dark hair with the slightest wave, crystal-blue eyes like the ocean, and a smile that was quite simply ... beguiling.

Perhaps she lingered too long, or perhaps she lingered just the right amount of time, because he glanced across the open lobby bar, past the other tables, and his gaze seemed to land on her.

At least, she wanted to believe it had as she stepped inside the elevator and the doors closed. She'd try to remember his face for later. It could never hurt to put a face to a fantasy when one was alone in bed with her toys.

CHAPTER TWO

Favorite Parts

They hadn't asked to see The Mona, but there'd been no need to see it.

Henry's partner in business and love, Marquita, had proudly boasted about the windows that had nearly shattered in her apartment building when she'd used The Mona last week. Jack simply smiled and said, "I'm pleased that you were pleased."

"So pleased," she'd reiterated, then planted a kiss on Henry's cheek, one that suggested there'd be much more than kissing going on between them later tonight. That was one of the perks, so to speak, about working in this line of business. Not watching business associates lock lips, but rather, that the people he dealt with didn't have too many sexual hang-ups. Of course, he ran into plenty of over-sharers too. Some folks assumed if you peddled sex toys, it meant you wanted to hear about every single thing someone did with one, and Jack most decidedly did not want to be told about every escapade. But hey, it came with the territory. Besides, he was used to it with these two-they'd been business partners and friends since Jack and Casey had started Joy Delivered. They were like family.

"I'm glad you're feeling better, Marquita," Jack said, because she'd battled a serious illness most of last year.

"And The Mona helps," Marquita said with a bright smile.

"And now there's something else we need to talk about," Henry began, steepling his fingers together, his tone shifting to serious as he motioned for someone to join them at the bar-a suited man with black hair, and a blue-and-red striped tie. Only politicians wore such ties. Jack tensed; politics was not his favorite playground.

"Jack, I want to introduce you to Marquita's brother, Paul Denkler. He's running for city councilman in our neck of the woods and he's been focused on safe streets, schools and a balanced budget. But somehow that message has been subverted by his opponent, who's decided to fight below the belt and attack our business. If Paul doesn't win, it could be very bad for business," Henry said, and Jack's ears pricked at the words bad for business. He didn't like those words. Not one bit. He preferred good for business, so if this fellow played on the good side, then he'd hear him out.

"Lay it on me," Jack said, and a meeting about selling The Mona quickly became something else entirely.

* * *

The deal had been signed. The new product would have both prominent in-store and online placement, and Jack had promised an extra shipment for Marquita and Henry's personal stash. The undecided part? How he felt about Denkler. How he felt about getting involved in politics. He didn't have a thorny past with a politician; he didn't have a senator dad he detested. He simply followed the news, and knew that politics was a slimy, dirty battlefield. Jack had served his country for six years and that was about the extent of his interest in matters of state. This thing with Denkler, though-it wasn't a matter of state, so much as a matter of business, and a matter of personal business. Jack cared deeply about Henry; the man was a business partner, and had been through hell and back during the past year as his wife battled and beat breast cancer.

What pissed him off was the opponent's tactics, and how the other guy was going after Paul Denkler through his brother-in-law's business, which had nothing to do with the race. That was underhanded, and that didn't sit well with Jack.

But whatever he decided to do, he'd do it with Casey on board. The two were a team, and always had been, so he'd have to table Henry's request until he spoke with his sister and laid it all out for her. For now, he shoved thoughts of politics and campaigns and consequences aside. Henry and Marquita were off to a dinner meeting, and Jack was alone, so he settled in at the bar and ordered a vodka tonic, scrolling through his phone as he waited for his drink.

He'd been planning on having a drink with his good buddy Nate tonight, but Nate had to work late on a last-minute deal. They'd agreed to still meet tomorrow morning for a round of hoops before work. That meant Jack's agenda for the rest of the evening was simple-a quick drink, then he'd watch some of the Yankees game from the comfort of his living room. Those twin activities would help him crash later, because he sure could use a decent night's sleep before the appointment that Casey had arranged tomorrow at two. Just the thought of dealing then with the shit that was in his head gave him an ulcer, but he knew Casey would kick his ass if he didn't give it a shot.

She wanted him to start dating again. She'd told him the upcoming charity event they were sponsoring next month for breast cancer research would be the perfect time to get back on the market, or at the very least, to slough off all his regret from the past. As if that were possible. But Casey had her mind set. She seemed ready and eager to get him back on the scene, judging from the story link she'd just emailed him. The note was titled, New York's Most Eligible Bachelors.

Look! You're on the list! Sex-toy mogul Jack Sullivan tops this year's list of the city's most eligible bachelors in business. Don't you think he needs a new woman to mend his broken heart? Makes you just want to nab that man even more.

He rolled his eyes, and replied, The depth of their insight never fails to astound me.

He turned the damn thing to silent. He could do without the reminders tonight. Reminders of anything. Of the woman he'd lost, of the fascination the gossip rags seemed to have with his dating or non-dating status-as the case had been for the last year-and of the claws some women wanted to sink into him, thanks to the growth trajectory Joy Delivered had been on. While at dinner with Casey last week, he'd been propositioned by a young woman who'd said she was on the hunt for an eligible bachelor businessman.

Call him old-fashioned, but the next time he got involved, he'd like it to be with someone who actually gave a shit about him, rather than what he did for a living, the company he ran, or his prior love life.

Or with the absolutely stunning brunette who was walking past him and-hello, lucky stars-was now sitting at the other end of the bar. The same one who'd caught his eye when she'd stepped into the elevator earlier in the evening. Her hair was in a twist that showed off her neck. She had a fantastic pair of legs, strong and muscular, a nice trim waist, and she was rocking some kind of buttoned-up-on-the outside vibe with her blouse and pencil skirt that made him wonder if she was buttoned up on the inside too.

* * *

Michelle hadn't been expecting the barrage of questions, but what an eager bunch of counselors she'd encountered after her talk. She'd never felt so popular 'til tonight, when she was nearly mobbed by fellow psychotherapists as she attempted to walk away from the lectern. They fired off questions for her on treatment and guidance for love and sex addicts, and she happily answered all of them to the best of her ability. Then she gathered up her notes, and made her way down to the lobby. She adjusted her purse strap, and sighed deeply, pleased with her work for the evening. Sharing insights and learning was a true passion of hers, and she'd had the opportunity to do so tonight with colleagues.

Tonight. The word reverberated through her, and she felt the slightest pang when she stepped off the elevator and remembered it was a Thursday. She and Clay had often had drinks on a Thursday night. While they still did from time to time, along with her brother, Davis, the get-togethers had been curtailed since Julia moved in with him. Understandable; the man was committed, and now he was married. Julia hadn't cut them off; in fact, the redhead was lovely, and Michelle had visited Julia's bar a few times. But it was simply too hard for Michelle to see them together that often, so she'd kept them in her life, but put herself on a restricted Clay-and-Julia diet.

Keeping a distance was a necessity, but she missed those Thursday nights. And she missed the drinks, truth be told. She could certainly go for a little nightcap to finish off the day. She'd always been comfortable in her own skin and with her own company, so a quick solo stop at the bar was no big deal.

She followed the music and sat down at the tall, sleek metal bar, ordering a vodka tonic that arrived quickly, and taking out her iPad. There was a new Tumblr feed she wanted to peruse, but that would only happen from the privacy of home and bed since it was a terribly naughty one. She had an article she wanted to finish, and then a novel to dive into about a con artist, and she'd even downloaded a new app for practicing Spanish phrases, partly because the male voice on the app was so deliciously sexy. Perhaps better to listen to that in her apartment, she reasoned, as she lifted the cool glass to her lips and took the first sip. Raising her eyes, she noticed that same man she'd seen earlier. He was seated at the end of the bar, drinking what looked to be a vodka tonic too. The glass hit his lips at the exact same moment, his moves mirroring hers. His blue eyes seemed to sparkle, a hint of wicked delight in them.

Same drink, same time, same absolutely smoking-hot guy she'd spotted an hour before. One barstool away. When she set the glass down, she said, "Jinx."

"Jinx," he repeated.

"Does that mean you owe me a drink?" she asked, and then nearly clasped her hand over her mouth. But instead, she went with it. "Sorry, that's pretty much close to the cheesiest pick-up line ever."

His lips curved slightly into a grin. "Does that mean you're trying to pick me up?"

She laughed, and shook her head. The silvery metal surface of the bar revealed a rush of red racing to her cheeks as she answered. "No."

She wasn't, right? Those words had just tumbled out accidentally, not because she'd seen him earlier and memorized his face, and not because one quick glance at Mr. Cool, Calm and Collected had her adding him to an arsenal of possible late-night ammunition to feed her active fantasy life.

Very, very active, and she fed it regularly. With Tumblr, with toys, and with wild images of pleasure.

"That's too bad then," he said, and his voice was deep, with the slightest rasp to it, like velvet that had a rough edge. That edge in it sent goose bumps down her spine. Or maybe it was his words, the hint of possibility to them.

"Is it? Too bad?" she asked, tilting her head to the side, shifting her body language, one hundred percent aware that she was getting her flirt on.

"Not just too bad. It would be a travesty."

She brought her hand to her heart, playing along. "How sad. I'd hate to be responsible for a disaster of that degree."

"You could avert it, then," he said dryly, arching an eyebrow, then taking another swallow of his drink. The sight of his lips on the glass had her mind galloping off to a naughty land, because those lips looked delicious. Soft and kissable, while the rest of him looked hard and strong. She liked the way his tie was loosened, and his jacket draped over his chair. A businessman in repose.

"I could, couldn't I? If I were interested in avoiding such a sad turn of events."

"Are you, though? Interested?" he asked.

Michelle was almost certain a butterfly had taken off in her belly because her stomach flipped, and it was primed to flop again. "I'm getting there," she said playfully, enjoying the back and forth, the very fine layer of innuendo that lined this conversation like a cool evening mist after a hot day. She brought her glass to her lips and took another drink, hoping it would have the same effect on him that his sip had had on her.

"Excellent," he said, giving her a quick, appreciative nod. "So ... are you having a good evening?"

"I am, as a matter of fact. Productive day, energetic evening, perhaps a satisfying night overall," she said, and he chuckled softly when she said satisfying.

"What would make your night satisfying?" he asked, his cool blue gaze pinned on her. Then he raked his eyes over her, and she couldn't deny that she enjoyed the possibility that he liked what he saw.

"I enjoy a satisfying conversation." She threw down the gauntlet. He seemed a good sparring partner.

"Let's satisfy you conversationally then," he said, picking up the challenge easily. "Now, I could ask you what you do for a living, but everyone does that. I could ask what brings you to this hotel, but that's also trite. Instead, why don't we talk about something that people don't usually discuss. For instance, what is your favorite body part?"

She burst into laugher at his out-of-left-field question and the completely deadpan manner he asked it in, but then quickly grabbed the baton of the conversation. "On me, I would have to say it's my elbows. I have absolutely amazing elbows," she said, crooking her arm and showing him her elbow.

"Wow. You're right. Those are glorious elbows. Smooth and soft, and yet pointy, too. And they make the arm move."

"Amazing, isn't it?" she said, demonstrating playfully. "And my second choice would be my right butt cheek."

"Not the left one?"

"Well, they both are pretty nice."

He raised his eyebrows appreciatively. "I bet they're spectacular," he said, that sexy gravel of his voice sending a charge through her.

"And you?" she asked, as her skin heated up. "Your favorite body part?"

"I've always been told I have great ears. It's weird, but women sometimes stop me on the street to comment on my ears," he said, shaking his head in faux wonderment as she laughed again.

"They are really nicely shaped," she said, pointing to his ears, then looking him in the eyes, before offering a true compliment, as he'd seemed to do for her. "But you have beautiful eyes."

He flashed her a quick smile. "Thank you. So do you. And legs. And arms. And lips. And eyes. Okay, here's another question," he said, after he moved through the sweet litany of compliments, as if he wanted to give them but was careful to not be more forward until he knew if she wanted it.

"Wait," she said. "You didn't research interesting questions to ask women at bars, did you?"

"What if I did?"

"Did you?"

"No." He held up his hands as if to say he was innocent.

"The favorite-body-part question just came naturally to you?"

"A lot of things come naturally to me," he said, with a confidence in his voice that bordered on cocky. She kind of liked it. More than she thought she would. He leaned back in the bar stool, his whole demeanor assured and relaxed, as if nothing could throw him off his game. She was willing to bet he was in a profession that valued this sort of mindset. She was also pretty sure this was an ideal mindset for random bar chatter.

"All right, then. Let's see how you do on the other side."

"Turn the tables on me."

"I will. Since we're not talking about professions, how about this one? If you had an extra thirty minutes free in the day for fun, what would you do with it?"

"Shoot hoops," he answered immediately. "You?"

"I'd spend more time on Tumblr," she said, and left it up to him to figure out what she did there. When he gave her an approving nod as he downed more of his vodka, she knew he understood what Tumblr was good for.

"Perhaps we should go back to that pick-up line, then?"

"The one where I buy you a drink?" she asked, as a mischievous look flitted past his blue eyes. Damn, they were gorgeous eyes. A pure and light blue, like the crystal waters off Fiji.

"Or I could buy you a drink," he offered, and this time the cool charm was gone, and his tone was direct. A direct line to her desire to spend more time with him, here at the bar.

There was a rustle of noise as the man grabbed his phone and his glass and stood up. Was he leaving? No, he moved a seat closer, and that brief few seconds of him standing gave Michelle the chance to look up, and admire his height. He had to be easily over six-feet tall. That height was a basic requirement for dating, she and her friend Sutton had joked. A man needed to be a "standard six" and then some, preferably.

He gestured to the stool next to her. "Is this seat taken?"

"When you sit down in it, it will be."

"Then I will gladly make sure it's taken, and that no one else can get it." He smiled at her, and extended a hand. "I'm Jack. Just Jack."

She shook his hand as he sat next to her. "Michelle with two Ls. I used to have one L in my name, but it always looked like it was spelled wrong, so I just decided to add the second L. Because I can."

"Hell yeah, you can. And it's a pleasure to meet you, Michelle who now has two Ls. I hope this isn't too forward of me, but you don't seem like a woman who's going to get offended easily. I noticed how hot you are when you walked into the hotel an hour ago."

Hot. He'd called her hot. Not pretty. Not beautiful. But hot. She'd take hot. She'd happily take being called hot, because hot was what she felt when he said it. Hot all over. Bothered in all the right places.

"How hot?" she asked, eager for more of his compliments.

He leaned in closer, and lowered his voice to a sexy whisper. "Fucking hot."

She shut her eyes for the briefest of moments, letting the words flare through her body, igniting something inside of her that usually was only lit up from her fantasy life. But now she was feeling something in real life, from a real person, who seemed to have real interest.

"I believe we could make a nice mutual admiration society then, because I noticed the same of you. Also about an hour ago."

He raised his glass and clinked it with hers. "To mutual admiration."

"And to another drink, and I will buy. Because it looks like we're ready for another one," she said, glancing at her nearly empty glass.

"I'm ready for more," he said, and brushed his hand against her shoulder. A fresh blast of sparks raced through her body as he traced a soft line along her collarbone. The tiny touch that started on her neck spread through her, like a golden comet, leaving heat in its wake. In the span of time, his touch was a blink, but it held the promise of so much more.

"I'd be up for more," she whispered.

"Much, much more," he said slowly, seductively, that deep, sexy voice threading its way through her, settling down between her legs, turning her on to the point where she was picturing reaching for that wine-red tie, tugging him close, and learning how that stubbly goodness on his jaw would feel against her. And how much more he could raise the heat inside her body with a kiss.

She ordered but when the bartender returned with the drinks and she reached for her purse, Jack placed a hand on top of hers. Firmly. "I was only joking about you paying."

"What if I want to pay?"

"I'm not going to let you pay, Michelle," he said in a determined tone, his bright blue eyes fixed on her.

She swallowed, looked down at his hand covering hers, and already her imagination revved into hyper-drive. Long, strong fingers. Big hands. Holding her down. Pinning her.

He seemed to sense where her mind had gone, or maybe he just felt the tension radiate from her body, because he didn't move away as he paid for the drinks. Before she knew it, his fingers were laced through hers, and he was holding her hand at the bar.

She'd never known holding hands would feel so erotic, but with the charge in the air between them, this was no kids' play. It was almost like ... foreplay. Then, it most decidedly became the start of something when he stroked his thumb over her palm, tracing lazy circles on her skin, a promise of what he might be able to do with those hands. She nearly combusted from the spark he'd set off inside her body, like a fireworks twirler lit up and racing.

She shut her eyes briefly, breathed out, her body betraying her. There was no hiding the lust she felt radiating in the air. It was like heat in the desert, shimmering on the horizon. Undeniable.

He was a stranger who wasn't quite a stranger, and he was the only thing she was thinking about right now. Her mind was one hundred percent here, and nowhere near her past, nowhere close to anyone else, not lingering whatsoever on the man she had thought she loved for years. Nope. She was present, only present, and she enjoyed this moment so much that she hoped it lasted and knit itself into the rest of the evening.

Into sex with a stranger.

Because that was some of the best sex there ever was. No holds barred, no past, no future, no emotions or history to cloud the moment.

She knew what she wanted tonight. A night with him.

CHAPTER THREE

Wet Kisses

He was no virgin. He was no saint.

He'd had a quiet year by choice. Guilt had clawed at him, and though he'd had plenty of chances, and plenty of attempted set-ups from women in his office who wanted to introduce him to their sisters, or their best friends, or their cousins, Jack had kept his nose to the ground and his pants zipped. He was a mess in the head, and a fuck-up in the heart, and that had kept him out of the bedroom.

A self-imposed monkhood, his sister had called it.

But hell, he wasn't thinking of his sister right now.

He was thinking how much he'd like that dry spell to end tonight. Maybe even in the next hour. Because this woman was everything he wanted-sharp, clever, playful and hot as fuck in that blouse and skirt. She had the perfect body for that businesswoman look she had going on, with the skirt down to her knees that made him think of her in a boardroom, crossing her strong, sexy legs as she sat at the head of the table. She probably ran her own business, and that made her even sexier. He was drawn to the kind of confidence that a high-powered woman possessed. And he particularly liked that this high-powered woman had no clue he ran Joy Delivered, because that meant she was actually interested in the guy she'd met tonight, and not the label that sometimes lured others. With the years he'd spent in the military after college as an army intelligence officer before founding this company, he'd been labeled by the press as the Soldier-Turned-Sex-Toy-Mogul. It wasn't the sort of a title that could be bestowed very often, but it was part and parcel of who he was. Though it didn't bother him one bit, he also didn't mind not being that person tonight, along with the baggage attached. He could be himself again. Not a man with a past tethered to him, or a sandwich board slung on his chest.

And so the last half hour with Michelle with two Ls he'd been precisely that-himself. They'd polished off another round of drinks and he'd held her hand, touching her in a way he hoped was driving her wild, and enticing her as much as her sexy librarian look and smart conversation was luring him in. The business meeting with Henry and the councilman was in the rearview mirror; he no longer had politics or problems on his mind. He and Michelle had talked about baseball, and beaches they wanted to visit, and Jack had even admitted that he had a buddy who'd made it his mission to have unusual questions at the ready, should he meet an interesting woman. Michelle didn't seem bothered that he'd borrowed his friend's body part question.

"I like that you just confessed. It makes you seem like you're not just a smooth and polished James Bond lookalike, all dashing and debonair and able to fire off witty questions like that," she said, snapping her fingers.

"James Bond," he said, running his fingers down his tie. "I'll happily take that comparison. Dashing and debonair, too-I like that as well."

"Well, you are all of the above. So, Just Jack, what exactly is it that you just do?"

Uh-oh. The conversation he didn't want to have. "What do you think I do?" he fired back, hoping to deflect.

"Obviously something that requires you to wear a tie, so unless you're a gigolo," she said, and that drew a deep laugh from inside his chest, "I'm going with businessman, and you were here tonight working on a deal."

He breathed a quiet sigh of relief. Businessman. He could work with that.

"You are very good at putting clues together."

"That's kind of my job."

"Are you a detective?"

She shook her head and laughed. "Nope. But some days it can feel that way."

"So is this when I ask you what you do? Even though we're supposed to talk about far more interesting things?"

"But, see, I find what people do interesting and it says something about who they are," she said, her brown eyes hooked on him, her gaze confident and alluring.

"Then I'll tell you what I do, because I don't want you to walk away and say you didn't know anything about who I was," he said, figuring he could give her something without telling her everything. "I am a businessman. I sell things-usually online, sometimes in stores-that make people feel better."

"What sort of things?"

"Toys."

She laughed. "Toys," she said, amusement in her tone. "That is so damn cute."

"Cute. Not exactly what I want a gorgeous woman to call me."

"What do you want a gorgeous woman to call you?"

"Oh, God, at the top of her lungs," he said, watching her breath hitch with his words.

"You are naughty, Mr. Toy Salesman," she said, arching an eyebrow playfully. Fine, she thought he was a toy salesman. He didn't need to disabuse her of that notion. He did sell toys, but tonight, he didn't plan to use any because he was going to show her that this toy salesman wasn't dependent on his products. He could use the tools he came with. Tools to make her come, again and again. Before he could respond, she spoke again. "So you want me to call you Oh, God, Jack," she said, her mouth falling open, her breath coming fast as she imitated an orgasmic cry.

Like a shot of adrenaline to his groin. He shifted in the chair, sure she could see his erection, and equally sure he didn't mind her knowing he was rock-hard for her. "As long as you're looking at me like that, you can call me anything you want," he said, watching her reaction as she pressed her lips together as if she were holding back. He didn't want her to hold back. He wanted her to let go.

"Well, Oh, God, Jack, we're in the same field. I also help people feel better."

She took another drink, and that seemed to be the end to the obligatory "what do you do" conversation. He was glad it was out of the way, that it had been handled without lies, and that they could move on to more interesting topics. He segued into something he'd wanted to ask all night. "Any chance you'd let me make you feel better, Michelle?"

"What makes you think I feel bad?" she countered.

"Nothing. But I think I could make you feel a little bit better if, say, I did this," he said, then brushed a loose strand of her hair away from her shoulder, and leaned in. It took five seconds for him to bend closer, and the air was charged, heated with possibility. Then he pressed his lips to her neck, barely there, brushing her soft, sweet skin that tasted faintly of honey and vanilla, something entirely alluring that made him both want to kiss her and rip her clothes off at the same time. A feminine scent, but a thoroughly suggestive one, too, that hinted at the way she might taste all over. "Mmm," he murmured against her skin, then pulled back to assess her response. The hazy look in her eyes told him all he needed. More. She wanted more.

She breathed out hard through pursed lips. "You know, I think, um, this spot," she said, tapping her neck on the other side, "might need to feel better too."

"I have a treatment plan for that," he said, leaning in close to kiss her neck. He groaned faintly, heat rising in his body because she tasted so good. The scent of her was beyond arousing, and he wanted to know how she tasted everywhere. Her hair, the back of her neck, her belly, her legs, between them ... he wanted his mouth all over her.

"What about here?" he asked, brushing a fingertip across her bottom lip, watching her hitch in a breath. That quick gasp signaled that she was losing control, and that was how he wanted her to be. Lost in him.

She nodded. "Yes, my lips could stand to feel better," she said in a needy whisper.

"Then let me help you feel fantastic," he said, and he took his time, wanting to savor every single second of not only kissing her, but the time before, when he was about to kiss her. He ran his fingers over a few loose strands of her hair, so soft against his skin. He watched her, because he liked to watch, and because he liked to record a woman's reactions, and this woman had him wanting her badly. Her brown eyes were clouded with lust, and he was sure they matched the look in his. The only difference was he would lead the kiss. He would set the pace. He liked control, and he wanted to know how she felt melting against him. He traced a finger down her jaw, and her lips parted. Her breath was soft against his face, and then he pressed his lips to hers. She tasted faintly of lipstick and vodka, and it was one of his favorite taste combinations in the world. Running his tongue across the seam of her lips, he teased at first, priming her for how he wanted to kiss her properly. Hard, passionately, the kind of kiss that would make her weak in the knees, and foggy in the head, and leave her not only wanting, but desperately needing more.

A kiss that would make her wet.

She angled her body closer, her breasts pressed against his chest, and soon her hands had found their way to his hair. Their tongues tangled in a hot duet. The temperature rose, the volume shot way up, and they were practically clawing their way through the kiss, desperate for more. Teeth, lips, mouth, tongue, all furious and fevered heat as her hands gripped his hair.

He needed to have her. Had to take her. She was hot as sin, smelled like lust, and radiated sexuality. Without her even saying it directly, he knew she was a woman who had no reservations about self-love. She'd pretty much admitted she had a bit of a porn habit, and he could see her alone in her bed, eyes fixed on filthy images online, spread out on a white comforter with her legs spread and her fingers wrapped around a red vibrator, thrusting in and out, bringing herself there.

Tonight, she didn't need to go it solo.

He broke the kiss, and traveled to her ear, whispering hotly, "If you were to go home right now, would you touch yourself?"

"Obviously."

"Why is it obvious?"

"Because I'm turned on as fuck, and it would be a fantastic orgasm."

"Would you think of me as you played with yourself?" he asked, then licked the shell of her ear. She shivered against him.

"You're giving me pretty good fodder, so I'd have to say that'd be a yes."

"What would you imagine?" he asked, so fucking eager to know what she wanted. He shifted back, looking at her gorgeous face, her brown eyes hazy with lust. He was curious if she'd say hands, lips, tongue, or cock. Dying to know what she wanted next if she were to have her way.

She shot him a stare, her eyes hooking into his. Something dark and naughty passed over her gaze.

"I would fantasize about you finishing what you just started."

His breath caught in his chest, and his heart stopped for a moment. The air around them was heavy, expectant, and suddenly it felt as if all the sound in the room had both stopped and been sharpened. Everything collided into this-the heavy pulsing sound of the music, the clink of glasses, the splash of liquor being poured, and then this-her breath, her chest rising and falling, and the heated look in her eyes that spelled unabashed lust.

He was going to fuck her good tonight.

CHAPTER FOUR

Stop, Don't Stop

Her reflection in the brass doors of the elevator would give her away. Her cheeks were rosy, her hair was slipping from its clip, and the collar of her blouse already needed readjusting. It was a look she hadn't worn in years, but it was one she found she liked on herself. The look of a woman about to have hot, dirty sex with a man she barely knew. Michelle Milo was getting some action tonight, and it wasn't the battery-operated kind.

A couple walked behind her. A man with slick black hair had his arm draped around a young blonde. They were wrapped up in each other, but seemed to check out Michelle before they turned the corner.

She stood alone outside the elevators, waiting for Jack to return from the front desk where he was getting a room, and she practically wanted to pump her first, maybe even high-five her own reflection.

But that would be premature, right? What if he was bad in bed? What if he had a small peter? Man, what a drag when that happened. You get all hot and bothered and raring to go, and everything is clicking on all cylinders from the conversation to the connection to the magical thing known as chemistry, then bam. Tiny revealed. She crossed her fingers and sent a silent prayer to the universe-or maybe just to the Patron Saint of Endowment, hoping that such a saint existed and if she didn't, she damn well should, because she'd have offerings of riches from women the world over-that Jack had the kind of package that would make her mouth water.

Then she chuckled to herself, almost shocked at the thoughts racing through her head. What happened to serious, focused, honest-to-a-fault Michelle who worked as a therapist and prided herself on being direct, upfront, and open? Of course, she wasn't always upfront. She'd never told her friend Clay how she felt about him all those years. Not that it would have made a difference. He didn't feel the same way, and who fucking cared anymore? What a welcome bit of luck that at least, for this moment in time, her mind was free of that unrequited love that had weighed her down like a heavy rusted anchor on the sea floor.

Because right now, she was living in the moment, and judging a man for the size of his cock. Or potential size, really. Hell, it felt wickedly good to let this side of her steer the ship. Far too often she was all-work-and-no-play Michelle. But she was her after-hours self now, and she hoped this man could match the ones in her fantasy. Or at the very least, the size of the phalluses in her nightstand drawer.

Jack-or Just Jack as she now thought of him-walked towards her, and he was the only one on her mind as she took him in, his tie loosened, his white shirt rumpled, his pants ...

Her eyes had strayed there and she snapped them up quickly.

He brandished a key, flashing it at her with a knowing wink, then whispered in her ear, "Were you just checking me out?"

A flush splashed across her cheeks in a flurry. She nodded. "Caught red-handed."

"I like that you were looking."

"Really?"

"Yes," he said, and seconds later the elevator doors opened with a swish, then closed with a swoosh. Faint music played inside, a low beat, sexy and moody. The lighting was dim and silver walls flashed their faces back at them in a midnight-blue glow. Michelle was sure this hotel was rarely used for business.

"Are you sure you were here for a business deal?"

He raised an eyebrow. "Why?"

"Because this is a sex hotel. I think that's the only reason people come here."

"Then isn't it good that we met here?" he asked, but before she could answer, he spun her around, so she faced the wall of the elevator as the lift chugged upstairs. He crowded her in, and she gripped the bar as he pressed his body against her, his firm chest flush with her spine, and his erection against her lower back. The hard, full, thick length of it.

She sighed happily, and grinned at him in the reflection, then pushed back against him, letting him know she liked what she felt.

"I'm glad you approve," he said, in her ear, his voice low, raspy, and thoroughly intoxicating.

"Seems I do so far," she said, as lust washed through her.

As the elevator soared, he tugged her in closer, and the heat in her core shot up. He traveled from her ear to the back of her neck, leaving a trail of hot, wet kisses that made her belly clench and her thighs tighten. His hands roamed down her sides to her waist, her hips, her thighs, as he ground against her backside, giving her a hint of what was in store. "What do you want me to do to you when we get in that room?" he said, and then she gasped when she felt his hand on the back of her knee, brushing his fingertips against her bare flesh.

"What are my choices?"

"Here are some options. Lick you, finger you, or fuck you?"

Her eyes floated closed as a wave of sparks shot through her body like a flare gun. She licked her lips. "I'm hungry. Can I have the one, two and three, please?"

"As you wish." He moved his hand up her thigh, and she gripped the armrest harder because her legs felt wobbly from his touch. Then his palm was on her rear, and he teased at the lace of her panties with his fingers, trailing them along the edge, one finger hooking into the band. "You do have a fantastic fucking ass. Both cheeks are gorgeous," he said.

"Thank you," she said softly, loving his compliments.

The lift slowed as they neared the twenty-first floor.

"Almost there," he mused as he brushed his fingers along the edge of her ass. Instinctively, she shifted her stance, opening wider, giving him access even if they were only in this elevator for ten more seconds. She wanted to be touched so badly it felt like a madness. Like she'd go insane if he teased her more with those fingers that seemed to know the path around her body. He dipped his thumb under her panties, then edged closer to where she was molten for him.

"And you are so fucking wet already," he growled, lightly brushing his fingers over the damp scrap of fabric. Her back bowed, her body crying out for his touch. "Is this all from when I kissed you at the bar?"

"No. It's from you trying to fuck me in an elevator," she said, firing back. She wasn't some blushing virgin, or some innocent wide-eyed girl, who'd never seen the world nor heard a foul word from a man. She might have been terribly unlucky in love, but she knew plenty about sex, and she wasn't going to play the part of a sweet, shy thing. But he didn't seem to want her to, because he slipped his hand between her legs, sliding a finger through her slick flesh.

"Good, because I want to fuck you in the elevator. In the hallway. On the bed. In the shower. I have wanted to fuck you since I first saw you," he said as the elevator stopped and the doors opened. They spilled out and the hall was empty. Praise the Lord of One-Night Stands, because he pushed her up against the wall in seconds, grabbing her wrists and holding them at her sides, and kissing her so hard that she was sure she might melt into a puddle of simmering lust and heat. She was wanted. Desperately wanted. By someone she craved. She had no notion when she walked into The Pierson that she'd be doing anything but walking out an hour later when her talk was done. But her plan for the evening had been upended, turned and twisted inside out into something entirely unexpected. And something she didn't think she could stand going without. Her whole body pulsed for him, her blood thrumming through her veins to the rhythm of want, a pounding in her ears that blotted out everything but the feelings that charged through her.

She spent so much time in her head. So many moments of her life thinking, analyzing, considering.

Throwing that all out the door, she angled her hips as if she could pull him closer, even with her hands pinned. He responded with a press of his body. They were magnets tonight, crashing into their opposite charge, smashing, pushing, pulling.

His thumbs dug into her wrists as he held her tight, the pressure from them a new kind of sensation, hard against her bones. His lips smashed against hers, his mouth consuming her, taking her breath, taking her space, leaving nothing behind but hot need.

Now. That word echoed in her brain. She couldn't wait. She couldn't stop. She wanted him everywhere. Tongues, lips, mouth, fingers, but most of all she wanted him inside her. She ached with a deep throbbing desire that had to be quenched.

She managed to somehow separate her lips from his greedy ones that wanted to devour her.

"Jack," she breathed out in a voice that was feather-thin. She was barely able to form words. Language seemed a monumental task, akin to climbing a mountain right now. Words were hazy, nebulous, but somehow she grabbed hold of the most important ones.

"I need you inside me. I can't wait for anything else."

"I can't wait to give you a much better orgasm than the one you were going to give yourself," he said, grabbing her hand, threading his fingers through hers and leading her around the bank of elevators and to the room. He slid the key into the slot and turned around, grabbing the waistband of her skirt, tugging her in close, and kissing her once more, as if he couldn't stop. As if he simply had to touch her and taste her. First her jawline, then her lips, then deep into her mouth, kissing her passionately and with so much fire that she was certain she was going to set off smoke detectors any second.

But even if she did, she wouldn't stop. Let them sound. Let them ring.

* * *

They didn't even make it to the bed.

There was no point.

Beds were for the next time. For all-night sessions. For lovers that had been together before. For this? The first time called for the wall, because they couldn't wait. He'd been hard since she sat down at the bar, that hot body taunting him in her sexy outfit that she didn't even realize was sexy. Or hell, maybe she did.

As the door clanged shut, he backed her up against the wall, reached his hand behind her head, and unclipped her hair. Her soft brown hair spilled onto her shoulders and over his fingers.

"Beautiful," he whispered, kissing her hair that smelled like jasmine. "Can I call you beautiful?"

She nodded. "Yes."

"Then stand with your feet spread, beautiful, and rock your sweet little body into my mouth," he told her, her eyes widening with both surprise and lust as he bent down, kneeling, and pushed up her skirt in seconds. "I have to taste you."

"Don't let me stop you," she said, her lips curling up, and he liked that she was so quick to talk back. A naughty one. A woman unafraid to speak her mind. He reached for her panties-black lace-and brought them down to her knees, then leaned in. He was dying to run his tongue along that enticing seam of her pussy lips. Spread them open and let her wetness flood his mouth. But first he wanted to inhale her scent, so he ran his nose along her thighs, feeling her quiver against his cheek.

"You smell so fucking good," he said roughly.

"Oh, God," she panted. He looked up and watched her as her head fell back against the wall. He hadn't even touched her yet, and she was already grasping for his hair, trying to draw him near. Heat tore through him at her reaction, and he buzzed his lips and nose closer to her delicious center, breathing in her sexiness, inhaling her arousal.

The scent of her desire shot through him like an earthquake rumbling across the land. He pressed one soft kiss against her swollen clit, and she gasped. "Please," she cried out, her voice ragged as it turned from sexy banter to bare need.

"Oh, beautiful, you make me want to tease you," he said, brushing his lips against her inner thighs, her wetness covering his stubbled jawline. Perfect. "You make me want to make you beg for it when you say that word."

"Please don't make me beg," she said, gripping his hair.

"I won't tonight, even though it drives me wild when you say please."

"Touch me. Just touch me," she said, panting now. The need from her was so intense it tore through him, lust spreading across every inch of his body.

But he couldn't resist the game. "Tell me what you want," he said, making it clear this was an order. "Say it. Tell me where you want my mouth right now."

"Please, Jack. Lick me, eat me, taste me, fuck me with your tongue."

He hissed out a breath. God, he loved that kind of mouth.

He licked her once, groaning from the intoxicating taste of her wet pussy. Flattening his tongue, he licked her again and she cried out. She let go of his hair, and brought her right hand to her chest. Touching herself, feeling her own breast. Fuck, that was hot.

"I need you to do something," he told her, looking up at her.

"Yes?" she said, her eyes hazy.

"Give me all of your pussy. Don't hold back."

That was all she needed. One piece of instruction, and she took it quickly. She started rocking her hips into his face as he kissed her delicious wetness, narrowing in on her clit, sucking it in his mouth as she arched into him. He glanced up again; her lips were parted, her mouth open, her breathing turning into erratic pants, signaling her need. She was so damn sensuous. She was like sex on fire.

She ran her other hand through her hair, gripping it hard, and in that instant he could picture her as she masturbated, threading a hand through her hair or fondling a breast as she took herself there. There was something about a sexy woman who liked to play with herself that brought him to his knees. Maybe it was why he did what he did for a living, but to find a woman this gorgeous who was so clearly in touch with her own need to come made his blood turn hotter than hell.

"Oh God, please stop," she called out.

He looked up at her, but didn't cease the attention he lavished on her swollen clit. He lapped her up, flicking his tongue against her, causing her to buck against his mouth. The thought of being covered in her juices stiffened his cock even further, straining against his zipper.

"Stop, you have to stop, you have to stop," she said, like a plea.

He relented, pulling back. "You okay?"

"Yes. I'm just going to come so soon, and I want to do it with you inside me."

As much as he wanted to press his hands on the inside of her thighs, spread her wider and ignore her request, he was also a gentleman, and if the lady wanted something different far be it from him to deny her wishes.

He rose, starting to unzip his pants. "I'm only stopping because you asked. But since you denied me the pleasure of tasting you come, I want to warn you that I fully intend to tease the ever-loving fuck out of your pussy the next time I'm down there."

His eyes were fixed on her, and he watched as she shivered, her shoulders shaking briefly as if his words had sent a wave of pleasure through her body. "I can live with that," she said, and in seconds she was unknotting his tie and unbuttoning his shirt in a flurry. She pressed her hands against his chest, and he hissed in a breath at the feel of her touch on his bare skin for the first time.

"Please tell me you have a condom," she said.

He nodded, grinned at her as she worked the final buttons. "I do, and it's kind of a funny story because I didn't have one when I walked into this hotel," he said, reciprocating with her shirt, stripping it off. "When I got the room, I asked the desk clerk if he happened to have a condom. He winked at me, slapped one in my palm, and said 'Always happy to help a dude out.'"

She laughed, the sound like a wind chime, and it dropped down in his heart for the briefest of moments. What the hell? This was a one-night stand. He wasn't supposed to feel anything anywhere except in his groin, so he focused on that, ignoring the fact that he'd had a fantastic time with her at the bar, and that one of the reasons he wanted her so badly was that he liked her mind as much as her body.

But her body ... here before him ... that's what he needed right now, and he had a mission-make her come once, twice, then a third time. A night like this, a woman like her, one time would never satisfy him.

He took the condom from his pocket. He guided her hand back to his briefs, and pressed her palm against his erection. She drew a sharp breath as she touched him for the first time, and her reaction sent a shiver down his spine. "I like," she whispered.

"Good," he said softly, moving her hands to the waistband. "Take them off."

She pushed his unzipped pants and his briefs down to his knees, then stared at his cock. She ran the tip of her tongue across her teeth and swallowed hard.

"I like it very, very much," she said, sounding mesmerized as she gazed at his hard length. She took him in her hand and stroked him several times, and he nearly growled from the pleasure that ricocheted through his body as she touched him. Quickly, he stilled her hand. "You made me stop, so now I'm going to make you stop."

He pressed the condom into her palm, and buzzed his lips along her neck up to her ear. "Put it on me," he said in a firm voice, giving her a command.

She opened the wrapper, tossing it to the floor, then slid it on him. She tugged his body closer, rubbing the head of his cock across her slippery wetness. A wave of heat licked his veins, scorching him. He welcomed it. Fucking gladly.

"Were you worried you couldn't come twice if I finished going down on you?"

"Yes."

"You know that only makes me want to prove you wrong," he said, then reached for her leg, gripped her thigh, and wrapped it around him. "Hold on tight, beautiful. I'm going to take you for a ride."

* * *

She'd be making an offering tomorrow to the Patron Saint of Endowment because Jack did not have a textbook cock. Not even close. He was long, thick, wide, and absolutely fucking perfect. But more than that, he knew what to do with this beautiful gift he'd been given. He entered her, and she moaned instantly as he filled her, stretching her in ways she hadn't been stretched in God only knew how long. He paused for a moment, letting her adjust to his size.

"I can handle it," she murmured.

He raised an eyebrow. "Good. Because I'm not going to take it easy. Not after you teased me when I was on my knees for you," he said, thrusting deeper into her. She grasped his shoulders, holding on tight. She wanted to run her hands all over his beautiful body, to explore his chest, to grab his hard ass, and run her fingers across it.

But all she could do was hold on as he pumped into her, giving her the fucking he'd promised. Taking her deep, and hard, and up against the wall. The room was dark, only a faint glow from the bathroom light illuminated them, but they would have made quite a picture. A silhouette of unbridled lust. His shirt open, his pants down to his knees, shoes still on. Half-undressed too, only her panties had made it off. Her shirt was undone, her bra still on, her skirt hiked up to her waist. He gripped her leg tight, his hands strong and unyielding as if he would never let go of her as he rolled his hips, sending his cock deeper into her, his hard length hitting her with just the perfect amount of friction.

"You tasted so good, Michelle. I don't like that you denied me," he said in a hot growl against her throat. "But it only makes me want you more."

"I just wanted you inside me. You feel so good inside me."

"Fucking you is perfection," he groaned, then reached his other hand to her ass, squeezing the cheek hard, unleashing a blast of pure heat through her body. She felt as if she were on fire, as if her body had become an inferno of pleasure as he drove into her. Words were no longer needed, not even their naughty back and forth, because they were reduced to pants and moans. His steely length filled her so completely that she was sure nothing else existed in the whole wide world. But this-the pure and absolute bliss of his glorious cock sliding in and out, harder, deeper, faster. His fingers playing against the soft flesh of her rear. Squeezing her cheeks.

The world around her was white with bright, hot stars exploding as he took her deeper.

He bent his head to her neck, all while gripping her, never letting go. Her belly clenched, and she felt the first surge of sensations, like a rocket engine starting to burn, rattling as it began to take off. He pressed his lips to her shoulder as he pumped into her. He bit down, his teeth sharp against her skin, sending a rush of fresh and sweet pain into her body. It was the key turned in the ignition, and in an instant there was liftoff. She shot into the sky, engulfed in pleasure that spread in a fury from her center all the way through to her fingertips.

Her moans escalated. Her words became a frenzied chorus of I'm going to come, I'm going to come. Then, finally, his name.

"Oh God, Jack," she called out, not even recognizing her own voice anymore. Not even sure where it was coming from. She wasn't even here. She was in an opium den of bliss, a pleasure palace of his making as he thrust so deep and so hard that she swore her first orgasm rolled right into a second one. The next wave hit her unexpectedly, a shattering burst of bright light and gorgeous heat that pulsed through her in aftershocks. She didn't think she ever wanted to stop coming, even as he raced to join her on the other side, another bite into her shoulder setting him off.

He groaned, holding her tight as his brows scrunched, his groans turned primal, and he came too.

* * *

They lay tangled up in each other, clothes still half-on, having fallen into bed.

"If my calculations are correct, that was twice," he said, as he ran his fingers through her hair. He loved the feel of her hair against his skin.

"That has never happened to me before," she said, still dazed, and he wanted her to look like that again and again with him. As soon as he thought that, he realized he didn't want a one-night stand with her. He wanted two nights, three nights, more and more. To make her come again and again. To bring out that response.

"We can do it again," he said, offering in a tone that was both playful but truly sincere. He wanted her to know he meant it. He turned on his side, propping his head on his hand, running his fingers down her hipbone. "Michelle with two Ls, what would you think about another time?"

"Well, I should hope you're planning on another time in about, say," she stopped to look at her watch, "fifteen minutes."

He laughed lightly. "Yes, obviously this room is for multiples of multiple orgasms, and I fully intend on fucking you again in, say, ten minutes." Then he turned more serious, because he wanted her to know that this could be more than one night. Funny, how he hadn't expected that, and had figured a quick romp and then goodbye would be all that was needed. But even though he had no intention of anything serious happening, because he was no good at those type of relationships, he could go for dinner, and another night like this. Or just skip the meal and have her come over to his penthouse apartment, drink wine, and then enjoy some window sex in front of the full-length glass in his living room that overlooked the park. Yeah, he could go for either, both, any combo. "But I also would love to see you again. What are you doing this weekend?"

She paused, the corner of her lips quirking up in a half-smile. "Just Jack, are you asking me out on a date?"

He grinned, then leaned in for a quick kiss, brushing his lips against her bruised and red ones, the evidence of how she'd been kissed, and desired. His mark on her, this woman he wanted. "I suppose I am."

"Then you're going to need to be more than Just Jack. Want to cough up that last name now?" she said, making a gimme motion with her hands.

He parted his lips to answer, but was cut short when Beethoven's "Ode to Joy" started playing, a loud crescendo of the most famous part of the piece of music. Michelle twitched, her shoulders visibly tensing. She sprang out of bed, hunting for her purse, then fishing around in it for her phone as she buttoned her shirt. Possibilities flashed through his brain-was she married? Was this the Bat Call from a friend, saving her from a man she didn't want?

"Michelle here," she said in a crisp, business-like tone as she tucked her shirt into her skirt.

Maybe it was work. He didn't know what she did for a living.

Listening to the call, she nodded several times as she stuffed her feet back into her black pumps, then smoothed a hand down her shirt. "I understand. Please tell her I will call her in three minutes."

She hung up, and sighed heavily. "Jack. I'm so, so sorry. That was my service. A patient of mine needs me. But I swear I want to see you again, so please take my number and call me tomorrow, okay?"

He narrowed his eyes, not sure if he believed her. "If you just want a one-time thing, that's cool. Or if you're married and rushing home to your husband, maybe let me know that too so I can stay far away."

She walked quickly to the bed, bending down to drop a kiss on his lips. "I swear I'm not married, not even close. And I haven't been involved with anyone in ages, and I would really like to see you again, so give me your number and I'll call you right now so you have mine in your phone," she said, and she seemed so earnest and bullshit-free that he chose to believe her. He knew what she did now; she was a doctor, and that made sense since she'd said she made people feel better. Noble profession, and all. He rattled off his number, and she dialed it. His phone sounded from his pocket.

She arched an eyebrow. "You like Ravel?"

He nodded. "Classical music aficionado here."

"We have so much to talk about. Text me tomorrow. And, Jack?"

"Yeah?"

"Thanks for the two best orgasms of my life."

"Next time, we'll make it a double of a double."

"I'm going to hold you to it. And on that, I need to run," she said, slinging her purse higher on her shoulder then opening the door. It clanged loudly behind her when it shut, the sound of the night ending far too soon.

He shifted to his back, tucking his hands behind his bed, and staring at the ceiling. Too bad the room didn't have an hourly rate, because they'd only used it for thirty minutes.

The sound of a siren echoed in the distance, the noise of New York inserting itself into another moment. The room closed in on him, suddenly too small, too empty as he longed for both her company and her body.

CHAPTER FIVE

Your 2 p.m.

Jack wiped the slight sheen of sweat from his forehead and took aim, cleanly delivering the basketball through the net.

"Did you miss me last night?" Nate asked as he grabbed the ball.

Jack laughed. "Not one bit."

Nate raised an eyebrow as he dribbled the ball between his legs. "Does that mean what I think it means?"

His friend knew him too well. But then, any man would know what he meant, because that's where a man's mind was most of the time. Nate was no different. Besides, now that Nate's friend Bryan had settled down with Nate's sister, Jack was the one regularly quizzed about his late-night antics. He hadn't had much to say lately though, and he certainly hadn't shared details of his sex life with Aubrey back when they were together. Though his times with her had never been as exciting as only one night with Michelle.

It was okay that he was the quieter one when it came to the morning-after report. Nate usually had enough fodder for the both of them.

"Maybe it does," he said as Nate took his turn shooting.

"And does that mean you'll be the one canceling drinks next time?" Nate asked as Jack grabbed the ball.

"You know what? It just might mean that. But for a much better reason than working late on a deal."

"That deal is going to make my company a lot of money, though."

"That's a good thing then."

"Yeah, but not as good as other things."

He flashed back to last night. To Michelle's body, half-naked. He'd need to get the rest of her clothes off tonight.

"You're right. Definitely not as good as other things that I'm going to engage in again tonight," he said with a wicked grin.

"Lucky bastard," Nate whistled as the ball sailed through the net.

Maybe he was talking about the ball. Or maybe he was talking about the possibility of another time. The latter was a hell of a lot more exciting.

So exciting that he sent Michelle a text as soon as they finished shooting hoops that morning.

J: Are you still holding me to that foursome of orgasms tonight? Because I plan on delivering.

M: Four? Consider me game.

He texted her on and off throughout his day, until it was time for his appointment, and even then he kept up the volley on his walk to the Lexington Avenue building.

* * *

M: By the way, did I tell you that I woke up this morning thinking about what you did to me against the wall?

J: Did you touch yourself?

M: What do you think?

J: That you had that gorgeous sexy O mouth going on this morning in your bed.

M: Maybe I did

J: Would love to see that. Fingers or toys?

M: Both. And if you want to know more, you'll have to take me to dinner.

J: That can be arranged, but I'm going to need to eat food, and eat you.

M: How about you make arrangements for the former, and I do for the latter?

J: I'll make reservations at a restaurant. I might need to taste you first though. Not sure if I can wait. I'll text you later. I have a meeting in five min. Walking into the building now.

M: Mmm ... I like the way you think ... and I have an appt too. Can't wait to see you again.

J: Can't wait to see you.

Michelle grinned wickedly as she turned her personal phone to silent, then tucked it into a desk drawer. She always gave her clients supreme focus, and that included not only silencing the phone, but placing it completely out of sight. Besides, Jack was already front and center in her mind; she didn't need to clutter her thoughts with even more of him when she had to focus on her next patient. He was some kind of magic, though; he'd been the only man whose touch had made her forget Clay. She hadn't thought of her good friend once last night. Jack had been so overpowering, so dominant that there was no room for anyone but Jack in her head and heart.

He was a good drug, the kind who could wash away the bitter aftertaste of unrequitedness.

Now, here in the light of day, her mind tripped briefly back to Clay. She'd been in love with that man for ten years, and it sucked that he hadn't loved her back. She'd hoped that Liam, the charming actor she'd dated a few months ago, would blunt her feelings. But as she flipped open her laptop to check on her next appointment, Michelle knew there hadn't been enough of a spark with Liam-there wasn't a true light-up-the-night ignition that could erase the past.

It would take a once-in-a-century eclipse to blot out the ache she'd felt for Clay, who was now so happy with another woman. Longing had camped out in her heart for so many years it had squatter's rights. She wished someone had warned her that loving someone who doesn't love you is like a permanent sore in the mouth-painful, and you want to touch it all the time, to worry away at it. The ache had dulled in the last few months, but he was still in her heart and she had no clue how to fully erase him.

She clicked open her calendar, checking on the details of her next session. At least she had her work to focus on. Her clients and their challenges fed her, made her whole in a way that only her work as a psychologist could do. She scanned the notes from her office manager who'd arranged the appointment, though she knew very little about the man coming to see her. That was par for the course. She rarely knew much in advance, and her job was to get to know clients during their time together.

But she knew this much. No first name, but the last name was Sullivan. His sister had called to set up the appointment for him, citing intimacy issues. There was a line about "difficulty moving on from last relationship," and a reminder that discretion of the highest order was vital, since the patient was a prominent businessman.

Not a problem. Never a problem. Discreet was Michelle Milo's middle name. She hadn't even breathed Shayla's name out loud to Jack when she'd called her service late in the middle of the night to talk.

Well, let's see what we've got. She was ready to focus on this Sullivan fellow for the next hour.

When she heard a knock at two o'clock sharp, she opened the door to her office, and all thoughts rushed out of her brain but one.

One word. Blaring like a neon sign.

Smoldering.

This man was smoldering.

And she'd already met him last night.

